THE GREAT HEAT. DEVASTATING FIRES. ALARMING POSITION IN SOUTH GIPPSLAND SEVERE LOSSES. HEROISM AND SUFFERING. MR. BARACCHI'S FORECAST. TO-DAY POSSIBLY "ONE OF DISASTER." PERHAPS A CHANGE TO-MORROW. Mr. Baracchi, when asked last night what the weather outlook was, said:— "To-morrow will be a very hot day in- deed. If it happens to be a clear sky, with a bright sun, the thermometer is sure to go over 100deg. Perhaps it will make a re- cord. The highest we ever had in Mel- bourne was 111deg., and that was in 1862. On the other hand, should this smoky haze continue, or the sky be overcast with clouds, the temperature may not go very high, but the day will be extremely sultry and unpleasant. "To-morrow will be a day possibly of disaster for the country on account of the north winds, which may be added to all the accumulated unpleasantness of the past fortnight. "There was hardly any wind to-day, and the probability is that the wind will be strong to-morrow, and aggravate the mis- chief caused by bush fires wherever they may be burning. There is one cir- cumstance, however, which may be mentioned here, and that is that if the wind blows pretty strongly from the north it will indicate a more rapid ap- proach of the change." What is the change likely lo be? "If the change has no Antarctic charac- teristics—that is, if it preserves its mon- soonal character—it may cause thunder- storms in the interior, with copious thunder- showers, but with slight degrees of tempera- ture—that is, it will not get very cool. On the contrary, if it assume the behaviour of a more Antarctic depression, it will then probably cause very squally weather in southern districts, with rain, and reduce the temperature by 30deg. or 40deg. In the former case the change will be somewhat of the same character as that which oc- curred last Sunday. "The indications of this expected disturb- ance are as follows :— An ara of low atmo- spheric pressure entered the continent from the west coast, passed across the gold-fields of West Australia, and is now lying half- way between Eucla and Esperance Bay, gradually moving eastward. It is expected, under normal conditions, to reach Adelaide some time to-morrow (Friday) evening, and Victoria between Saturday and Sunday." . Then to-morrow no rain whatever may be expected ? "That is so." Is this weather not unusual at this time of year? "Hot and smoky weather is not unusual in February. An unbroken succession of so many hot days is unusual. Coming after such a fearfully hot and excessively dry January, it makes the conditions very much worse than they usually are. As showing what an exceptional month this January has been, it may be mentioned that only 30 points of rain fell in Melbourne, against an average of about 1½in. for all past years." MR. WRAGGE'S FORECAST. SHIPPING SPECIALLY WARNED. BRISBANE, Thursday. Mr. Wragge advises:–Centre of storm "Eline," about 80 miles off Bowen at 9 o'clock to-night. Barometrie gradients very steep between Cape Capricorn and Glouster Island. Shipping specially warned. FIRE FIGHTING. VOLUNTEERS FROM BALLARAT. ENTHUSIASTIC OFFERS. BALLARAT, Thursday. The pathetic message in "Tile Argus" to- day, "South Gippsland is red-eyed and heart-broken," has struck a responsive chord in Ballarat, and the suggestion that assistance is required in beating the de- vastating flames prompted Lieut.-Colonel Williams to call for volunteers from among his men to-night. There were only 130 men on parade, and, although the colonel pointed out that the fire-fighters would have to live in Gippsland at their own charge, and requested them to carefully consider the position before deciding, 64 officers and men unhesitatingly offered themselves. A telegram to this effect was forwarded to the Chief Secretary, who, in response, stated that the Government: did not know particularly where assistance was most re- quired. They had, he intimated, communi- cated with Korumburra, receiving a reply to the effect that no men were needed at present. However, including the volunteers from the militia, and Captains Marsh and Trahar, of the city and town fire brigades, it is clear that no difficulty will be experienced in se- curing the services of 100 volunteers from this centre. Indeed, it has already been ar- ranged that on receipt of a telegram calling for help the fire bells will give out a cer- tain signal, and the volunteers will assemble at the railway station, to proceed to the fire- hemmed country. DEATH FROM HEAT APOPLEXY. The first death to occur during the pre- sent spell of hot weather took place last evening at the Melbourne Hospital, when a young woman, Miss Kate M'Veigh, expired from heat apoplexy, Miss M'Veigh fell on the footpath in La- trobe-street about 4 o'clock yesterday after- noon, and was conveyed to the Hospital in an insensible condition by Constable Thompson. The identity of the sufferer was not known at that lime, und she was entered in the books as "woman unknown," and was admitted by Mr. Officer, M.B. After some time she appeared to recover somewhat, and it was learned that she was a sister-in-law of Mrs. M'Veigh, the licensee of the Western Family Hotel, which is just opposite the Hospital in Swanston-street. The recovery was, however, of only short duration, and Miss M'Veigh fell soon into a state of collapse, and died at 9 o'clock. THE HEAT THE FIRE BRIGADE. "We are always ready," said Mr. Stein, chief officer of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade. "We have adopted no special precautions during the hot weather, be- cause our precautions are at all times of the fullest character. The intense heat of the past week has entailed a large amount of extra work on the men, owing to the numberless small grass fires which have been breaking out around the suburbs, and which had to be suppressed before they did any further harm. Nevertheless," said Mr Stein, "they have done their work splen- didly and without complaint, and the com- bined effects of solar heat and fire heat have. not rendered a single man unfit for duty. The horses are less hardy, for though all of the animals of the brigade are capable of returning to duty in the event of emergency, there are four of the best which are now enjoying a rest which they obviously require. These horses have not been replaced for the simple reason that the fire brigades are unable to obtain others of the same strength and stamina. A DEVASTATED PROVINCE. M'DONALD'S TRACK IN ASHES. A BRAVE DANE'S FIGHT. GREAT HEAPS OF ROASTED STOCK. FARMS ARE LIKE RESTAURANTS. SETTLERS FLYING FOR LIFE. THRILLING NARRATIVES. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) KORUMBURRA, Thursday. The damage done in South Gippsland cannot easily be estimated, and absolutely the only gratifying feature is that the pluck of the people still stands the strain. Here in Korumburra, with fires raging all round, and the town covered with a mantle of smoke which is almost suffocating, the ex- tent of the distress may be ap- proximately gauged. While firemen are standing by ready to use for the protection of the town itself the all-inade- quate appliances, the kind- hearted people are housing and feeding scores of families whose only property in the world, after years of battling with the virgin forest, are a few remnants of clothing. These settlers are heroes, and the more that is seen of them the more must their heroism be appre- ciated. Ruined in a day, more than half- blinded, there is yet not one who is not anxious to get back on to his fire-blasted land and commence again the struggle for a living, which, with younger, but apparently with not stouter, hearts they began years ago. In the face of a national misfortune each buries his own trouble, and displays most anxiety about some friends of whom no news has yet been heard. Forgetting his half-clothed condition, he asks, "Have you got the paper? Does 'The Argus' give any details of Poowong and Jeetho? Is poor old Nicholas right?" People who walk the paved streets, or ride in the trams or trains of Melbourne, cannot appreciate the terrible calamity which has befallen this province. They cannot understand that here hundreds of brave men and women have carved homesteads and stock runs out of great forests, in which the trees tower so that the neck has to be strained to see their tops. They cannot understand that for their beef and their butter, easily procurable at .any number of butchers' and dairymen's shops, these rough-looking heroes, with deep-wrinkled brows, and corned hands, have had to toil like slaves for years. To appreciate the situation, and understand the position of these people, one has to ride over their hills, Hirough their valleys, and see their giant trees. At present, within a radius of many miles, dense smoke limits the view, and falling giants of the forest make inspection a work of great difficulty and danger. There are those who say that tlie clearing which nature has herself under- taken wjll be invaluable. To the country at large, doubtless, it will mean much, and it would mean more if no stock and no home- steads had been destroyed. But to those who suddenly find themselves at the age of 50, 60, or 70 years set back worse than they commenced 20 years ago, there is nothing in the fire but the direst misfortune. A SELECTOR'S GRIT. Henry Stabin is an example of the grit which is being shown by most of the worst sufferers of the fire. A Dane by birth, he and others of his countrymen established over 20 years ago, at Poowong East, what is known as the Danish settlement. It is situated on the track of the Strzelecki known as McDonald's, and about halfway between Korumburra and Warragul. With the agricultural ability, the unwearying toil and thrift of his people, he and his friends con- trived to wring from nature splendid selec- tions and comfortablc and even elegant, appointed homesteads. With the advance of years and the growth of families came luxuries, and the music of the wind as it played the Devil's tatoo with the loose bark of the tall gums mingled with homely melo- dies and Czerny's exercises on pianos and harmoniums. They escaped the fire which did so much damage a fortnight ago, but on Tuesday afternoon got the full force of the present one. It came out the ranges from Warragul, heralded by strips of blazing bark. For a while all got together, hoping to stop it at the outset, but they might as well have tried to stop the sun from rising. The wind was blowing a hurricane from the north-east, and the flames ran through the grass and jumped from dead tree to dead tree in an ecstasy of madness. Then it was every man for himself, and a battle began more terrible than any of these old settlers had ever seen. At Mr Stabin's house the fighting was full of incident. At the outset the wife and girls of the family did their best, and did it well, but the heat became so intense and the danger so pronounced that Mr Stabin ordered them to desist, and, putting them in a well, covered them with wet blankets. Up on the roof of the homestead one of the sons was doing good work, but while he was beating the fire there it threw out a tongue underneath and, weakening the rafters, let him through. Surrounded by flame which scorched him all over, he had to run for his life. He got through the flames, but was so exhausted that he collapsed more than half suffocated just beyond their reach. In the buggy-shed was a new buggy and appointments, which had never been used. Mr Stabin made an effort to save this but had to turn back to look after his son. As soon as the gallant youth came round he ran, himself, to the shed. As he did so the flames burst through the back of it, and others came out to meet them from the house. For a moment it appeared that he would be caught between the two fires and be burnt to death. But his grit saved him. Darting through a corner of the flame he once again reached safety, but only in time to fall at the feet of his father utterly exhausted. It was useless to fight any further, and Mr Stabin stood by guarding his wife and daughters, while the product of his years of toil passed into smoke and flames, to menace his neighbours. When the fire had passed and the morning came the family took an inventory of what was left. It was the easiest inventory they had ever taken. Their land alone was left to them. The homestead was in ashes, the stock was roasted and a beautiful orchard and a flower garden which had been full of choice flowers showed nothing but a few blackened stumps. Then the family set out for Korumburra, in search of clothes and food. When they arrived they were treated, like many others, with much hospitality by Mrs Radovick, and were informed that they could get all the clothes they required at the Mechanics' Institute, whichi was full of garments of all sorts, sent up by the committee admimster- ing the funds raised by "The Argus" and the Mayor of Melbourne. For the first time probably, in a terrible experience, Mr Stabin's eyes moistened, and with some emotion he said - "No; there are some worse off than we are. They will want all the clothes and all the money that can be raised. While I have an acre of land left I want nothing but health. With those I can get all the clothes we want." NARROW ESCAPE OF TWO FAMILIES. The undertaking of a husband to stand by his wife, whatever happens, is in no sort a meaningless phrase in the Gippsland bush. Out at Allambee, on the ill-dated McDonald's Track, were a settler named McRae and his wife. The fire struck their place at midday on Tuesday, and the whole household, child- ren included, did all that was possible to avert disaster, but the time came when the wife was exhausted. Then she and her chil- dren were laid upon the ground and covered up with wet blankets. McRae and his son from that moment divided their attention between the homestead and family. The heat was so great that nearly all the avail- able water was used up keeping wet the blankets which were over Mrs. McRae and her children. Meantime the fire had eaten through an orchard, leaving charred stumps where fruit trees 10 or 12 years old had stood. It had also cleaned out everything that had surrounded the homestead, and had devoured £100 worth of clean grass seed, which Mr. McRae had sold for 5d. per lb., and which he was only waiting to deliver. When the fire was at its height, and the wife and children were gasping for water, McRae had to give them a bucketful which he had kept in reserve for the house. It was nearly boiling, but it disappeared as quickly as if it had been refreshingly iced. When the family again clamoured for a drink McRae went to a creek, some distance from the house. While he was there the fire got round behind him, and cut him off from his family. Like a man demented, he raced up and down the creek, but could see no chance of getting through. He at last braved the flames, and at the cost of much singeing he found his wife and child- ren all right, but the blankets over them were smouldering, and the water he brought arrived not a moment too soon. Had he been delayed they must have perished. When the fire was over McRae had to go in to Korumburra for clothes to cover himself and family. A neighour named McIntosh had a simi- lar experience. He had no place where he could stow his wife and family in safety, so he took them to the selection of Mr. Lempriere. They baled some of the water out of the well, and stood them in the balance till the fire passed. A BUSH PHILOSOPHER. HOW ME SPENT THE NIGHT. There was one selector who did not worry himself or take risks on a task which was useless. When the fire reached his selection he saw by its volume that nothing but a deluge, and a quick one at that, could hold it back, so he simply walked quietly, into his house, got a bottle of whisky, a plug of tobacco, and his pipe, and then sought the nearest creek. There he sat, and drank and smoked, and philosophically watched in comfort the destruction of his home and his property, which neither he nor any force of men could have averted. All through the night he sat there, and when the fire had passed there was little of his tobacco and less of his whisky. Then he went back to his selec- tion, and walked over it carefully, to see what was necessary for a fresh start, when a mounted constable and a large body of selectors met him and shook . him by the hand. He asked what there was to shake him by the hand for, and when told that he had been given up as lost he simply laughed, and, relating his experi- ence, showed the empty whisky- bottle, which had been, he said, a good friend on a trying night. A HERO. SERIOUS PLIGHT OF A MOTHER. " Heroes ure* plentiful enough in Gippsland just now, for there is hardly a man Hiera who has not done noble work since Tues- day last. One of these is Jerry Dwyer, who works for Hie Adkiiises. At the tim« of the fire he did it hero's work looking after tho [ women and children. No corner was too hot, no body of (lame too great for him to face. When the women required waiter, or Hie' IdankcLs which covered Hiern needed *a.tumtiug. he got what .was wanted. When Mrs. R. Adkins was hard-pressed by tile llamea, and fearing for lier infant ch'ld. shs asked him to get more water. He carried out her request in a way which made every- one wlto saw him stand aghast, - for ho sprang into the midst of Hie burning bush and reached the creek, though his hair wai singixl and his skin scorched. On .his re- turn- the mother told him he had saved the child. A little later the mother tlid a brave but nish tiling. Talcing oil some o[ her clothes, she wrapped thcin round tho child and ran -hcudlong through the burning grasa > to n creek. Siio got through all right, and the child was unscathed; but the mother dropped in a faint just outside the edge* of Hit; flames. ? Miss Little, teacher of the school tit Strezlecki, and herself a heavy htilfcrer by the lire, pulled her into safety utul brought her round. Mrs. Adkins's hus- band, missing her, sought to roach her, but by this time the fire presented a solid wall, through which no mau could pass, and ' tim young husband liad to Work on in des- peration and dread. But. when the fire ' piLsscd there was a quick and a happy re- union. REMARKABLE INCIDENT. SIX HORSES CRUSHED BY A FALLING TREE. Mr. C. D. Cox, of Strezlecki, another of the unfortunates on McDonald's Track, is the possessor of a three weeks old foal and some acres of charred land. He also has a stout heart, and in the midst of his troubles is busying himself principally rid- ing round carrying provisions and water to his unfortunate fellow-sufferers. He does not care to mention the extent of his losses, but there is one which cuts him to the quick. Amongst his stock he had six good horses, and beyond their value they were all special favourites. While fighting the fire he had no choice to attend to them, but im- mediately it was over be sought them, and to his amazement and sorrow found them all together dead and roasted almost beyond recognition. They had been crushed to the ground by a falling tree, and so had died as they had grown in company. A number of other horses, the property of Mr. Cox's brother-in-law, which had been running with these, escaped altogether, and the made the incident most extraordi- nary. PILES OF ROASTED STOCK It is hard for a man who can scarce open his eyes in the broad glare of day, and who has lost his home, his stock, and everything he possesses in the space of a few hours to be humorous. Yet Mr. F. Kelly, who lives in the Strezlecki Ranges, could not miss the opportunity of making a joke out of the multitude of his misfortunes. "If you want roost beef, roast pork, roast veal, roast lamb, or baked potatoes, you may get any of them up at my place. There is plenty of it there, and you can help yourselves." He was right. His selection, as he says, is more like a restaurant than a farm. In one heap are the carcasses of 50 head of milk- ing cows. In another there are 100 sheep. A third has as many pigs, and potatoes are all over the place. The only live animals on the settlement are some horses, and they are wandering disconsolately round, with- out manes and without tails, and bearing all over signs of the conflict in which they measured their speed against that of the fire. His wife and family of youngsters narrowly escaped the fate of their stock, and they were with difficulty saved by being placed under a tarpaulin, which was kept saturated with water. The selection of Mr. Thomas Adkins, sen., is also covered with with piles of roasted stock. Sheep numbering 1,600 and including many prize rams of rare value, 150 cattle, and many prize pigs are thus accounted for. While Mr. Adkins family were battling with the fire, Mrs Adkins, who is about 70 years of age, and suffers severely from asthma, was put down the well and covered with blankets, which the men kept continually wetting with water. The old man, 71 years of age, worked with the vigour of youth, and as there was a clear space of two acres no effort was made to remove fur- niture, all thinking that the house, at least, would escape. But they were mistaken. The fire came up the hill, and at a bound cleared the two acres and gripped the house. In five minutes it was all over. Mr. Adkins saw Black Thursday, and now he has passed through this blacker Tuesday, but his heart is still stout, and despite his years, he will commence again to cultivate his land and raise stock as soon as the fires are extin- guished. KORUMBURRA IN DANGER. MELBOURNE FIRE APPARATUS SENT FOR. KORUMBURRA, Thursday. All this morning the fires were raging round Korumburra and within a few chains of the town. An alteration of the wind meant certain disaster to some of the houses, and possibly to the town. A hasty consultation held during the day between some of the leading townsmen led to a tele- gram being despatched by Messrs. G. W. Mitchell and A. Radovick to the Chief Sec- retary, asking that some hydrants and a quantity of hose should be sent up to sup- plement the applianccs of the local volun- teer fire brigade. An answer was very soon received from the Chief Secretary, advising that all the necessary appliances would be sent by the next train in charge of Mr OBrien, deputy chief officer of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade. Lively satisfaction was ex- pressed on all sides at the ready response made by Mr Peacock. A man named Beau, in charge of a bul- lock waggon carrying timber to replace a burnt out homestead, fell from his drey near Korumburra to-day, and died soon of after. He was attended by Dr Strahan, but until a post mortem examination is made, the cause of death cannot be stated. ON THE STRZLECKI RANGES. FIFTY HOMESTEADS SWEPT BY FLAMES. SETTLERS FLEE TOR THEIR LIVES. A FAMILY MISSING. SENSATIONAL EXPERIENCES OF SCHOOL CHILDREN. HARROWING DETAILS. WARRAGUL, Thursday. Now that communication has been opened up with the isolated localities, situated along the Strzlecki Ranges, which lie to the south of Warragul, and stretch away for miles in an easterly direction, full particulars have come to hand of the terrible havoc wrought by the bush fires throughout the thickly- timbered mountainous region. The devas- tation exceeds the most gloomy forebodings, and the sufferings endured by the brave men and women and helpless children con- stitute a pitiful tale. When it is stated that some fifty homesteads have been swept by the flames and that in nearly every instance not a trace of the house, furniture, or other surroundings of the home remain, some idea can be formed of the unprecedented severity of the visitation. To fully understand the heartburnings of weeping mothers, the de- spair of ruined fathers, and the misery of the barely-clad children, it is necessary to be brought into personal contact with the sufferers and to gaze upon the blackened land which formerly constituted a flourishing farm. So pressing is the situation as re- gards many families that this afternoon the president of the shire wired for half a dozen Government tents, and the Rev. Father Hal- linan telegraphed to the St. Vincent de Paul Society for clothing. Word has also been received from Mr. G. J. Turner, MLA, intimating that the Mayor and town clerk of Melbourne will be here to morrow, to in- quire into the losses. Quite a sensation thrilled the town as mes- sengers arrived here during the day bringing news of the calamity from different parts. Among the arrivals was Mr. Michael Dwyer, formerly mayor of Collingwood, who was brought into prominence some twelve months ago by being lost in the bush for several days. He lives at the summit of the ranges at Fern- dale, and was exposed to the full force of the fire. He drove into Warragul in a buggy, and was preceded by four men with axes, who cleared the track of fallen trees, and thus opened up communication with this remotely-situated locality. Accompanying him were Mr. and Mrs. James O'Hare. They had had a terrible fight with the flames, and in the vain endeavour to save his pro- perty Mr. O'Hare was burnt about the hands and face, and contracted congestion of the lungs as the result of a chill sustained by saturating his clothes with water to pre- vent them catching alight. The main object of Mr. Dwyer's journey was to obtain medi- cal assistance for the unfortunate man. He is now confined to bed in the township, and is being attended by Dr. Trump. Mrs. O'Hare has also received a shock to the sys- tem, and the suffocating smoke has so affected her voice that she can only speak in a whisper. She says that when the fire sprang upon them the scene was terrible, and she saw no escape from a burning death. Her children huddled round her, terrified and screaming, and, having pro- cured a bath full of water, she kept them saturated all through the night. This was the only means of preventing them being roasted to death before her eyes. Even- tually a loophole of escape presented itself, and she and her husband and children fled in the direction of Mr. Dwyer's dwelling. Mr. Dwyer himself lost everything but his house, 3,000 acres of grass having been con- sumed, and three miles of fencing. I he lire sped on to the locality called Rea A'lew, situated about 15 miles to the immediate south of AVairagul, and in this more thickly settled distnet reached the climax of its destructive course Messrs "AA illuim 0 Hare, Henry 1 owles, AV Malady, A Swanston, W Graham, G Baird and Michael Walsh were burnt dean out, whilst Jh Warne lost ey er) thing but ins house Richard Purcell saved only his woolshed, and Mr Gilberton had ali his outbuildings destroyed In each of the cases named all the fencing and grass li is been (lcstro)ed, whilst Mr Graham bad 100 dany cattle (roasted to death Jil Pur- cell lost several bullocks and a npmbcr of sheep, and Air S Rowe is the loser of 15 head of cattle Owing probabl) to its elevated position, tho locality caught the full force of the strong eosteily wind that blew on Tucsdnv, and »luring the even nig of tim dny most of the clttmage was done HAIRBREADTH ESCAPES The hnubreadtii escapes arc too nome rous to mention An a sample of sonsa tionnl adventure, take the case of the Fowler fumil) lust at the time his home stead was destroyed Mr Fowlci was at the house of Jlr Pul cell, who is a denier in cattle and has an extensive grazing pro pcrtv in the vicinity Jlr Puicell's own words arc-'I cannot attempt to desenbo the awful scene of that awful night I will therefore, simply tell you about Mr lowlcr and his family Jlr Fowler was at ni) pluto on lut sun), and, before be could get bnck, his home was completely stmounded bv the fire, and ho had to re tin ii to me He lind left his housekeeper with the children in the houso, nile! iclt certain that they would bo loasted to dtath However, nothing could be done for them that night, and on Hie foi lowing da) I made anquincs as to how they had fined I found Hint Jhss Wright, the hnusckcenei, lia»! mndi n valiant ficht to »ive the liouse, but, finding the task impos siblc, she ian into the mawe paddock in front of the house, taking the children walli bei 'I he house then took hie, mid the m tense beat di ove them out of tho muire She then fell down in a faint, and all the children fainted frpm fright lind the stifling smoke Some time afterwuids the) re »ovcicd A man named James Anntp hat mg gone to their relief, he advised Hiern to be flat on tho ground, so that they could bicnthe Hie. huddled close togcthei, and ns tho Haines gi idunll) crept up to them Al nui) lient thom out with lus waistcoat, ¡uni Miss Wright took olí some of bei clothing lo assist lum In this wa) the) saved themselves and Hie children from being hUnlly roasted to death J hoy cn dmid tins temblé oidcal until the fire sub sided somewhat, mid then they ciaivled back into Hie maire paddock and stayed there* all the nt_lit " Jfr Purcell mid his family also lind n terrify mg time AA'hcn the homestead caught he lind ins wife and children ran into i plot of two ¡tere? of potatoes neir the house 'lhere vye stood," said Air Pmi eil, "watching the speed) destruction of oui home and all mound us the flames vi ere i oin nie; mid leaping through tho scrub 'Hie children were terim stneken. and clung to us nr though the) thought the lire xvas some wild beast It wail like standing in Hie midst of a furnace, and when tile children could stn) awake no longer we lind tin m »low n among Hie potatoes and lot them sleep AVc watihcd bj them all night, mid you mnv imagine Mis Puicell was m n most distracted condition " Jh Pin edi fin I hoi states that 30 families have been bullit out m Hie ucighbouihood of Sindel) i, mid that a family of the mime of Kelly is missing It appeals that Jlr lied Killy lind a piopeit) at Sett A tow, lind yesterday ho lode ova to Str/lceki to sec how his pucnts iintlthcicslnftlic family had fined Hi was not Hm.piit.cd to find the pinn m usités, but was gicatlv dis ti acted at IKIIV unable lo discovei an) trace of his illation« Ile scinched foi tin in thr iiighoiit Hie (In), mid carno across homistt id aftci hnmestend in linns-, mid eventually iitmnid hume without discover ing an) ii ace of Ins people IAIPl!I There in a ni iti school at "«til A'lcw It ia in chnii'i of Miss 0 Minni, and ii ni -tended by about K1 thildien Dm nit, the uftnnoon tin tuchwipf up the lull mid quit Hy demolished the holm stead ot Ali Malady, who lixCH with Ins vvif and fainilv a. few hundred vaids fiimi Hu si boil I ii ing thill tillie ilnldieii willi them tiny SOUfJit nliiLc in tin se hool, uni Miss O'Jlinra Hu tetihu ni nie, then duie,ei rend» red Hu in LI mt assist inn Jin hu liowivci e une (ivci towuids tin si hool and all tile ocnil mis win obliged lo sick slid tor in mi open spic. «vu windi n prenais lire had sin lit J It minni ni In flinns they were impnomd Hitit Hi winji niLht In an i xiav ila n, foinud Iv Hit uprooting of a Limit Linn Mis Malady and hot time (hiilien ttLctlut with Miss O'Jicni t and tin rest 11 tin si lu ni iliildi.il punibinng -'0 in nil, pus ed the ni_hl Mi Wall ice managed to get across to the spot ni stitch o[ Ins two lillie ones about 7 o'clock in the evening, anti remained with the gi(Aip all night, watching with Mi. Malddv, md pintccting them fiom the liv- ing sp uhv When tin) light cunio they ali made then wav up to the Behool again, which, sliangc to wit, was piaottcally tin hat mod The childi en were eventually taken to their lespective liâmes, but Mr. Malady, with Ins «.fe and family, were compelled to remain, their house being in rums. Mi. Dvvyei at the present time has 40 homeless people staying on his homestead. On be.ng interviewed to-day he could .scarcely speik for emotion, mid could only see .ely indistinctly. He said that his two daughters weie milong the biave.t girls living, and that it avas owing to their a\er li'on. that ins house was saved. Thev faced Hie raging lue at every point, and to- day aro nearly ulmd fiom the elleets of Hie thick black smoke Ile got together in Warragul a quantity of clothing luid pro- visions for the families who hail taken le fuge ui Ins homestead, and at 5 o'clock Hie bl ave old man started on a. 20-mile drive liomewnids to cany succour to the refu- gees AT ALLAMBEE L) eng bet« een Sea View mid Strzlecki is the streich of upland count.) know n ns Allambee The fire of course swept tlus central portion m its course, and devasta ted the land on a sunilai Beale to the ha.oe wrought at Sea A lew Mi Lumb had one of the finest piopcrtics in the district, and was one of the first to suffer His house and furniture blu.ed before ins oyes like matchwood and all his outbuilduigs, in eluding Ins barn (Soft bv 20ft, idled with lnv) and his millang sheds, were consumed He lins ¡tl«o lost a number of enttle and sheep The Noble family-two brothers and two sisters-lost everything connected wnth the homestead the) possessod.and linv e gone to Melbourne to stn) with ft lends Mr W a)c was also blunt clean out, and the house m xvInch his late mother-who was bulled onl) last weck-resided «ns also re duced to ashes All he sax ed w is a. fe« clothes humedlv packed into cream cans and conve)«I to a neighbour Mi Dawson has saved his house und dairx, but ever) Hung else lias gone Jil Williams also managed to sax o Ins home and the dan), continuing n steam separator A plentiful supply of xvatei obtained fiom a well bv means of a steam pump saved the home JIc, however, lost his milking sheds pra«3 and fencing Mi J Gregg lost ali lie owned Air T Nurse managed to save half of his house _ he xvhole of the country round about is bestrewn with the calcases of loastcd cows, bullocks, and sheep, and the stench uusing is something abominable' Hundreds of am mais must have perished Jil Wave, in i describing the scene, Bimi, 'It was niipos sible to get out of the way of the lire It came along nt a fuuous pace, and swept ever)thing befoie it We simply had to nish for our lives, and-to give )ou nn idei of what we endured-« hen going down to Da«-son'8 with ojiolliet man Ins hut blew oil and befoie he could pick it up it was ill ablate " There are unforlunatcl) several addi lions to be made to the losses airead) le port-d in the 'south Warragul and Laidner distiiel8 Hie most serious is the partial destruction of Mr R Traxers's line estate A cow shed, just erected at a cost of £200 was demolished, miles of splendid fencing was consumed, and hundreds of acres of grass have been swept awa) He has onb the house left, and is himself nearlv bifid from the effects of the smoke Atesáis Higgins, Block, Box, Kelli) mid Sheehan have lost everything but their homes Ovei 10 people are being sheltered nt Reillys including a famil) of eight childien named Henderson A TOUCHING INCIDENT A familv of four xoung children named Boeheni, whose parents reside at AVarragul A. _st, carne into the township this even mg, and hi ought flic following touching message to Mi E J Tow 1er, of the Orient Hotel -'If j ou pleo-e, iiiotlici sa) s will v ou take cine of us to night, as she expects to be bumt out before the morning" Needless to add, Mr Fowler nt once lind the youngsters supplied with refreshments aud put to bed MEASURES FOR RELIEF. Steps are already being taken to form a committee locally to assist the sufferers, and to morrow nctu e relief measures and be taken m conjunction with the Mayor of Melbourne, who is expected to arrive by the morning train. GIFTS OF CLOTHING. The Society of St Vincent de Paul de- spatched two large bales of clothing yester- day for the families of the burnt-out people of Poowong North. Further contributions of clothing arrive at the offices daily. A DISTRICT LAID WASTE. HEAVY STOCK LOSSES. NEERIM SOUTH, Thursday. Great trees are still burning a few chains from the main street, consequently the danger is not all over The 15 or 20 houses which compose the place were ou fire seve r ii tunes It is impossible to ose more than CO )mds Not a fence has been left on mi) oi Hie faims xvheie the file traxellcd Ciops of potatoes and maize ure open to cattle and hoises 'J he sight is one of deso latioii The coimtv) is open from here for 20 miles Pigs, callie, horses, and fowls weie unable to get ana) from Hie flames, and nie lv ing dead around ei cr) homestead, Little buds flew in omul the dvvclbnghuuses living lo get inside, but evcrv house was closed up against sparks. In Mrs Auchter- lonie's paddock, opposite Mrs McKenzie's, seven horses had a narrow escape. They were hemmed in bv Humes behind, and bal bed xv II o before Foi tunntcl) the) w ero seen from McKenzie's house, and a man xv ith an axe ¡.ot them free, just as the fire caught them. The man had trouble to get back to McKenzie's. Last night the lue w is making tollards the homestead- of Mr C Coe and Mr W. Johnson, and the Neerim South Mechanics' Hall, which is half a mile noi th of the tow iislup If the w ind becomes strong w e expect a herce fight befoi e nicht .south of the township Mr Patirck Hoban lost his outbuildings yesterday. This is a «lilfcrcut fire to «hut swept through Neerim South At Nceiini 1 ust Hie hie «us verv fieico again vestcrda) No homesteads weie i piiortcd to liav e boen destroyed People for mile»aionnd were nt their wits' end to know what to do vi iib then stock THE SITUATION AT LEONGATHA. LEONGATHA, Wednesday. As anticipated, great destruction of pro- perty and stock occurred yesterday evening and during last night, the damage to-day being nothing in comparison. Owing to the high wind prevailing during last evening the place is now one huge mass of destruc- tion and there has been a total clearance of Messrs. W. McPherson's fine property, situate about eight miles from here. The leaping fire swept over the property, taking everything before it. The adjoining place, owned by Mr. Ricardo, was next to surren- der to the flames, nothing being saved but the clothes the family stood in. Mr. Ricardo and family rushed before the fast, raging fire to Mr. Robert Smith's, where all took refuge together in the house. Fighting to save their lives, all seemed well till near mid- night, when the house caught fire, and in the space of five minutes nothing was left save ashes. Three of the best houses in the district were thus made complete ruins. The Smiths, the Ricardos, the children, and all slept on a bare hill, where the fire had previously travelled over, leaving nought to harm the unfortunates further. Another sad incident, ending in great loss, was also occasioned at Mardan, on the property of Mr William Steele. Volunteers rolled up to save the house, and worked till 9 o'clock, when the water gave out. The fight being abandoned, a few minutes sufficed to make another slaughter. Messrs D. Aberdeen and J Forrester also had their houses burnt to the ground, and at first it was feared the homesteads of Messrs D. McCul- loch, Lester Bros, and McIndoe were also consumed. Up to this evening however, they are safe, though great destruction of cattle, sheep, horses, fences, and grass has occurred near Leongatha. Thee property of Mrs Beggs has been cleared of all grass, fences, and the home- stead. In the township, Mrs Miller lost everything. Late yesterday evening, and not until the very last, would the old lady leave her home, eventually being car- ried out bodily. Mr Jeffrey, head teacher of the state school, lost all his outbuildings, the house only being saved after great ex- ertion on the part of the townspeople. So far, no loss of life is reported, though in a few instances people are missing ; but it is impossible to state where they are. Hun- dreds of poor, struggling farmers have lost all their grass, though in most cases they have fought like tigers for their houses, and saved them. It is impossible for any per- son but those here to realise the troubles and privations gone through by hard-work- ing, struggling farmers, and if the wind is strong to-morrow, more damage will be wrought on the few untouched ones. Thursday. The further losses recorded in this district include in Dumbalk the whole property of Mr. Wm. Hughes, and in Allambee that of Mr. James Cain. With great difficulty Mr. Cain's four children were saved. They had to be wrapped in wet bags and carried through the blazing scrub by the rescuing parties. They had been taken for tem- porary shelter to the Mount Eccles hall, which was saved only with great labour. Close to the township the destruction of the properties of Messrs. M. Allison, Colin Watts, Johnson, and Mrs. Begg was very disastrous. The loss to the labour colony is estimated at £3,000, comprising houses, corn stacks, outbuildings, sawmill plant, and pigs. To illustrate the great damage done, a distance of 20 miles through Mardan to Mirboo can be travelled without meeting a fence. On Watts's property, comprising 2,000 acres, only 10 chains of fencing re- main. THE SCENE AROUND TRARALGON. A LARGE AREA BURNT. TRARALGON, AVednesdny. The excitement is in nowise abated here since yesterday's report. The whole neigh- bourhood is enveloped in dense Bmoko, and the towal has quite a dead aspect from the entire cessation of business. On the doors of some of the stores is the announcement, "Closed, to enable the staff to assist at the bush fires." The flames are at present con- fined to the southern side of the town, which last night was literally all afire, and presented a weird spectacle. The fire ex- tended due east and west along the south margin of the township boun- dary, and during the day and night the holdings of Messrs. Olive, Pent- land, Cobbledick, Walker, Lebutt, Maple- son, Beadell, Redpath, McDonald, Holt, J. Dunbar, H. Dunbar, and Morrison were devastated. To-day it is continuing its course in the same direction westerly, through the properties of Messrs. Plant, Grant, Sanders, and others in the direction of North Hazelwood and Mor- well, where it is hoped it will merge into the line of a previous fire, and thus receive a check. Happily, the wind has almost died out, but the heat is intense, though the smoke has the good effect of moderating the sun's glare. IN THE CRANBOURNE DISTRICT. GENERAL DESTRUCTION. CRANBOURNE, Wednesday. Some large strips of country have been burnt out on the Y Ulambie Estate, north of the Great Southern line, and Mr W T Duff has sustained a big loss in having fen cmg and grass destroy ed All that portion between Hie Gippsland and Great Southern lines, known as South Pakenham and Cai duna, which is on the western fringe of the Koo wee-iup Swamp, has been in imminent danger from the fires burning in the swamp, and tlie closely settled dairying distnct of Cly de, betw een the swamp and Cranbourne, would be swept right out, should the wind bung the fires on from the swamp, and already there have been t number of out breaks, which fortunately have been piomptly cheeked Hie swamp scrub con sisls mostly of ti tree but beneath tina is a layer of pent varying from 18in to several feet deep, and once ignited it binns fot weeks liom a burning mass of tins tei nble stifling smoke is now bcuig emitted Hie village settlers are hay ing 1 most ti)in_ time Both frem Hie direction of Nnire Warren and Bciwicl, Cranbourne is threa tened with fires, and Jh Beaver Hail, of Gladft's paik, lins ahead) lost .1 valuable extent of glass and fencing 'Hie fires from Koo wet nip Diouin, nnd Longwany have extended light on to the closely settled dom falms of Yannathan and on Satuidny and Sundi) the) raged funously, destroy ing pas tures and fencing on fal ni after form Mr Ritchie lost everything, except lus home, and some v aluitble horses xietc most terribly bin ned, and bad to be destroyed At Jh A\ illium Bell'», a magnificent fann of 010 acres has been completely burnt out, and eveiy stick of fencing IB gone Councilloi Tolm Smetliuist, president of the Cran bourne Shire, lost 400 acres of gnss, and fencing Jh lames '1 Smetliuist, his brother, likewise lost 400 acres, and fencing at Blackwood At his home there was the greatest possible difficulty in fighting off the nie, the pine trees and picket fence around the garden being consumed, and the house was only just saved Jlr Samuel Smetliuist lil cwise had to fiLht to save his homestead, the fire bunning right up to the doors Jlessrs Joseph mid AVilliam Burn side bad GIO acres of grass and fencing burned, the last-named farmer being re duced to a very cntieal state irom Hie exhaustion of to days' battling with the flames A huge portion of Jh James Grcaves's farm was similarly burnt, also fencing Jlr \ Woodman, tv lioso propel ty is situated on tho Yallock Creek, betw con Koo-vi ce ni» mid Ynnna than, is also a heavy losci bv Hie fire, and Ml Carson, of Yannathan also experienced a big loss At Heath Hill last night, n furious outbreak occurred, jeopardising the whole of the finnis 111 that poition of the district Prompt assistance alone saved the places, but Jlr P W Jl'Grath lost his hnystacl s outhouses, grass fencing, and stock v ttrds Jlr George Gray, in the same locality, suffered heavily, and Jlr A E (.lovel s house had to be watched all night to save it from the burning trees, which w ere falling in every direction Protectoi 8 Plains were one big blaze, and the fires are still burning w ith iiereencss in tins locality 'Hie loss all through Yonnuthan and Heath Hill must be ver) large A tcinble fire broke out in the ti tree and sei ub adjacent to Lang Lang tun nslup, mid foi a few hours the inhabitants experienced a snitry and most uncomfortable time of it Between Lang Lang, and nil the way to Grantville, the country lins been burnt for miles and miles Councilloi Le Roux, of the Cranbourne shire, lost 11 very lal gc minntitv of grass, and some miles of fencing Jil R C Scott, of Woodleigh, n vi eil know n grazier, is another of the buinUout victims I AT MIRBOO NORTH THE TOWNSHIP SURROUNDED TWENTY T1VD SETTLERS BURNT OUT JIIRBOO NORTH, AVcdncsdav Today was one of the hottest here thin yeal, the theimounter legtstering 109 in the shade The fires winch raged here so fiereely a foitntght ago have, aided by tile intense heat nnd a strong wind, again spuing up, and today they were at their woisl About noon wold arnved Hint Crookes homestead (within a mile of the town) was in dangei, and a body of about 30 men was quickly on the spot J he out break arose from the cmbcis of the fire yy Ililli occured a foitniglit ago, and, strange to sav it travelled willi lightning nwditi ovci the same course as before Hie fire bmned to within a fen feet of the homo stead, the flames leaping fully 3ft nbov e it A second hie started to Hie, south of tho town, neal Jtiiiphy's holding, and by nicht fall it bad extended 0101 two miles, endrn genug n numbei of holmes, which, how ey ei, so fm have escaped 'lim fires look most brilliant and awe inspiring to night, as they completely stn round tho town, and ns a Lalo is at present blowing grave apprehcti sion is felt., Thursday/ All the village settlors have been burnt out at Jlanlan, and most of them are al most hopelessly mined Buggs lost ever) thing except a niano and a seiiaratar lipson, glass ana cattle while Alumine, UitdLi! Suth«lind Millhill, f. (lui 1 Michel lincha, son Stufl nil, Al \\\ li te Al (iitin Dili Ciiiitliwatli Nihill» M Namul 1 \l uoiu' linn BOILII O Ixcctc Illili hei KCOLII l'en limul mil stv lil itluis snvi I inlv then hoitsis O I'm 1 0 Neil II lincha Denium lilma Sum sttn suele and Sind Is h st iinithini including then hiitscs Several fuiiihe« nie left to du ihiiosl binni I lu lo es stotl nie seven Hie wife of 1 « nlu numil Binni yvus ill 111 bed mil hid ti. iie cm 1 ml flinn Hu Inn mug lions, on u lough slretilui Hu mell the (Innes bv six huon neinhh ure Hie sctllas 11 how 1 va, he 11 HIL thai gieut tn il m infulli mu! siva ii of than ure electing new fcnei iihcndv 11J.IS AROUND MORWTIL JIORWi L-L, W edm sil u I J et 1 ii le hush fires tire IILIIIU 1 u III - in this dist!lit 1 ist nijit Hu while ol the lea 1 ling Hills appealed to bo nu lue and titUioucJi i (butante of 10 01 12 miles ftotu Jlniivtll Hu ilanies were lupine, so IIILII that the) nulli be distinctly seen Hiete ure a nuinbci of settlera in Unit dtstiiet with thick timba closo up to then houses and Hiev tue sure to bo devastated \H round "i innu mid Boolani liles, which were (onsideud iindii conti ii, have blöken nut afresh and have done a de ii of ii utin"i A esli rdui tho lut was so close to the \ inn 11 South stale school that two outliiiisi« wai demolished, nnd it was with difficulty that the school building was snail \ hu windi ht < 1 liku flout the duct lion ot Trnialgoii, is now only two or three miles' fiom lins totin, and unless the wind veins it will leach Alorwcll to-morrow. Flies are also r.igHi" ulong the Lntiobc River, and doing muru damage. There is no appe.traiice of ia,n, although Hie ntmtn-phcic is a ililli' coolci to-day. FURTHER DEVASTATION AT CALLIGNEE. HOMESTEADS, POST-OFFICE, AND MECHANICS'-INSTITUTE BURNED. TRARALGON, Wednesday. News arrived to-day that the Callignee district has been further swept by the fires, and the damage inflicted surpasses any hitherto suffered. The heaviest sufferer has been Mr. T. D. Tanner, whose new six-roomed house, dairy, cheese- room, and outbuildings were destroyed, together with several tons of cheese and a stack of corn, while pigs and fowls were roasted alive. Only a portion of the furniture was saved, and the loss is estimated at between £400 and £500. Tho house was partially insured. Mr. T. Whitney's house was also burneed down, and the selection of Mr. Elliott, a new arrival from Queensland, was swept from border to border. Another heavy sufferer is Mr. T. Powell, the keeper of the local post-ofilce, which was entirely consumed, together with the Mechanics' In- stitute opposite. Ebert's house was also demolished, and everything lost, and at the time the messenger left Callignee fears were entertained that the creamery and Body- comb's residence would also be destroyed. The Messrs. Wolfe are also reported to have lost everything. The calamity here has been unprecedented, from 10 to 12 families having been rendered homeless altogether. Messrs. Elliott and Tanner rode in here this afternoon, so blinded that they had to trust to their horses for guidance, and so begrimed with smoke and dust that they were scarcely recognisable. In fact, Tanner, whose clothing, excepting hls trou- sers and shirt, was all burned, was not re- cognised by his own children. DANGER TO LOCH. LOCH, Wednesday. If Hie' prcBcnt state of Hie weather con- tinues much longer, this township will sftnd'li'pobr chance. The fires'of yester- day, i and last, night for miles' round are gradually, travelling towards Hie town, and at ttiè'prcsent^nra wittijn'.n quartdr of a mile^bn the west. During inst night some 10 or 12 homesteads xvcre burnt to the ground, all being farmers with nice home- steads. It is quite pitiable to sec some of them to-day dragging themselves (I cannot say walking) into the . township almost blind, caused by the heat and smoke, and otherwise quite worn out. The folloxving arc Hie names of a few whose homes xvcre levelled to the ground during the last 21 boura:-Mr. George llinding, .house and Î.rnsB. Mr. Thomas Greoning, four- roomed louse mid most of his grass; Mr. Thomas Horner, all outbuildings, hay-slack, fences, und grass; Mr. Miles McCabe, house, all furniture, with about 15-ton hay-stuck, also 110 bushels peas; Mr. G. Gravcnoll, a. new house, grass, mid fences; Mr. .lohn R. Stewart, nine-ropmed house, a . very nice farm, nothing saved, hay-stack,,out- buildings, grass, and fences all gone. ' Mr. Stewart and his men battled for 48 hours, and at lost had to give In, and save them- selves. At AVoodlcigli the fires are spread- ing at fearful speed. It. is reported that Mr. 1{. Magill and Mr. John Mickie are buçnt out. SEVERE TRIALS AT ALLAMBEE. A FIRE-FIGHTER LOSES HIS REASON. YARRAGON, AVcdtwday. For Hie last two days Hie *çttle¥«"llere and at Allambee have had what'iijay, be justly called a fight for life. Four selectors, Messrs. Noble, Lumb, Wayo, ai)'d' John Griggs, have lost dwellings, sheds) içnpiiig, tramway.- i< .Finding' it impossible to save the line tho mill hands went on to Councillor OampbeU's, and saved Hie horses mid bullocks ut Hie risk of their own lives. The house of Mr.'Tom Nurse being in danger, 10 of Hie mili banda went, there to assist m saving it, and the fire closing in on them tiley found Hint unless they Baved Hie house they would bo burnt to. death themselves. Water be- came exhausted, and they bad to chop one corner of the house down to extinguish the fire, and one of the party losing Ins reason, they wrapped hint in wet bags mid held him by force till ho became exhausted mid fell asleep. Mrs. Nurse showed great pluck, and only gave xray once. Mr. Vaughan's estate of Woodlands was swept by an off- shoot of Hie fire from Allambee, and iii spite of 12 men and an ample supply of water nothing was saved-house,- sheds, fences, mid grass disappearing. One of the houses on Mr. James Cummg's 'Henel 'Estate lins also been lost, besides a large quantity of fencing and grass. The remark- able feature of Hiis fire is Hint it hat swept aciMBs ground thal has been jálrCady burnt tltis year. From Hie < information now to hand it appears that Hie bush fires tl.atlhavc been raging here during the last tivb^lays origi- nated on Mr. Turner's land, starting up suddenly, burning his house ami the fences, sheds, &c;, before he had time to obtain as- sistance. Luckily his hay xvds in Hie field in cocks, and it escaped in a marvellous manner. From there it xvent on to Mr. Parkins's, but lie, having ample help, saved liisi|ioii8e; everything else went. It then ciossed the main road to Allambee, ajid at- tacked Messrs. Richard Bros.' sawmiil tramway, which, notwithstanding Hie utmost exertion of the mill hands,, it de- stroyed. During Hie fight willi the fire, P. Higgins, one of the mill hands, caine upon an Indian hawker, on his knees, praying in. the «Hiddle of the load, with tile lire rapidly closing on liim. The hawker wns quite cowed and exhausted, anti had to he forced lo a place of safety. The fire swept on to Woodlands, destroying Mr. D. A'niighun's homestead und fences. It lias now stopped, owing to the wind having fallen. Mountcd-Constnble AValsh and Sir. Loughrcy, state school teacher at Hnlston, attempted to reach Allambeo during Hie fire, but a branch of n tree fell, and cut the neck of Hie constable's horse, and forced Hiern to return. Constable AVnlsh has up plied to the Minister for Mines for tents and blankets, for the use of those whoso dwellings arc burnt. News has como in Hitit the Trafalgar residents have liad to go to Hie assitanco of the selectors on Sunny Cieck, Hie lire now threatening Hie farms of Mrs. Roche mid Mr. Henry Grivei. t'TpE FIRES AT .MOONDARRA. STILL RAGING FIERCELY. -.--«u .. ' WALHALLA, Thursday. Al Moondarra, several miles of country aro Bimply a mass of flame. Strenuous efforts have been made to save Hie home- steads, and a body of firemen went out from Walhalla to assist in checking Hie fire. So fnr only one moro homestead has been burnt, but otherwise Hie damage lins been very great. Talbot's house was swept clean away, and willi great difficulty the children xvcre saved by putting Hiern hastily into empty tunks and covering them willi wet bngs. AVutson's fences mid orchard weie burnt, Fnmkcis have lost nil their fen barn, and crop, mid Peder, en's fences and crop have gone, though the homestead wn saved with great dilliiulty. Lambs lost fencing, hut saved Hie house. One horse lind to be destroyed, nu it wa« very severely lim nt. The fire is still raging, and shows no sign ol' abating. It is making now to- wards Hie Thompson Uiver. When tho Walhalla firemen «ere going out thev found it neecsmirv at places to gallop at full speed to get Hunugli the llames. The bridge over the Thompson River nt Coppermine inught fire two or three times, lint wns pul out. Tile shiiv council have taken pie cnutii-Ms to gtiaid ugiiiiisl ii catching again. .Several persons ino catii civ destitute, whilM (itheis have lost Hie savings of years. The president of the shiic has culled a special meeting for next Monday night to consider vvhiil steps to luke to aid the un- fortunate bullereis. AROUND DROUIN. SERIOUS PLIGHT OF WOMIÍN. A SETTLKll'.S PERIL. DROUIN, Thursday. To-day the titiutisplivrc lins been close anti lia/y, scarcely ii breath of air moving. While this stitt«' of affairs keeps the hundred . of liiea in the district in a condition of riwllul ncss, ii is almost unbearable. There' is nut the least sign «if « chango to more acceptable weither, und the foree.uil of ii north wind for one, if not two, days, has spread iradi alarm in Hie coniinnnilv, for it change in the current of air 1" this quarter will neild each fire in li now diicction, mid, pci'lmps spvead «iver a much wider area ol' the imt and parched végétation. People ni all divccttotiK avo burying their valuables anti removing their furniture. They recognise that ins- tiling 'is possible mid mithin., impossible to such llerco lires, llii'ic is a lui'ue bell of dry timber on the north side of Drouin, ' mid, indeed, almost within the tovv'n. as div ?as matchwood. Tins, it bus been decided, must be removed, and the falléis tnll start I the work to-morrow. A north wind yvmild certainly bring the fire through this timber direct into the town, and tiien a terrible calamity must ensue. EXCITING ¿GENE AT DROMANA. DROJIANA, AA'cdnesdoy. AVc have lind an exciting time of it here since half-past 3 p.m. on Saturday. About that time a bush fire, which had been burn- ing in the mountain for some time, rushed with a roar in the direction of Jlr. James TownBcnd's house, and, before it could lit* stopped, destroyed a small thatched dwell- ing-house/as well as fences and grass in the neighbourhood. Jlr. Thomas Gibsoii, son., was the means of saving Mr. Talbot's house, and, owing to the eneigy of several of Hie residents, the fire was conquered as it approached the residence of JIis. East- wood. All Satuiday night logs nnd fences were burning brightly lo the south of the township, mid Sabbath morning revealed the fact that several fires wore sur- rounding the toyy-nsliip, and needed careful watching. Sunday afternoon and evening were anxious times, tis Newbtiry's resi- dence was in imminent peril. Jlost of the male population weic lialtbng with the flames. All Jlonday and yesterday were anxious days, its Ihero.were two sources of danger, flames having again broken out in close proximity to Newbury's house, which needed the services of active men to ex- tinguish them, and, in addition, to the east of this dwelling fire had broken out, and threatened to cross the main road in the direction of Redhill towards what is known as Eaton's Cutting. Had the wind changed to the south, and the flames crossed the road referred to, the conse- quences might have been disastrous to Mr. Bong and Mr. Gibson, of Glenholm. Indeed, with a change of the wind to the east in the case supposed, the whole township might have been in a critical position. As it now stands, miles of fenccs, hay, grass, and, it is to be feared, stock, along with some outhouses, have been destroyed, and the fire has been the greatest and most alarming that has ever taken place in this district. GRAVE OUTLOOK AT MOE. MOE, Thursday. ?Yesterday n fire broke but in a scrub paddock known as Bennett's, to the cost end of Hie township, going straight,for the state school, wiUi a strong wind behind it. About 20 men. and boys, after battling for a couple of hours, got it under control, mid saved the school and town from being burnt. The damage done to grass is enor- mous, and graziers and dairymen all over the district have suffered terribly., On Tuesday morning a terrifie fire commenced in Hie Moe Swamp and along the Latrobe River.. There xvas a strong wind blowing, mid the flames travelled at an alarming rate. A relief part)' from Moe of about 50 men tried to save the place, mid up to Hie present they have succeeded. A man named Currie fainted . whilst helping, and fell into Hie fire. He was quickly picked up and attended to. The damage done. to grass and fences is considerable. Messrs. Bulli- vant, Stuff, Cosgreff, Henschel, Watson, and Wilson are heavy losers. THE WRECK IN POOWONG EAST. A THRILLING NARRATIVE. TWELVE BRIDGES DESTROYED. DROUIN, Thursday. Several of the fire-stricken selectors from Poowong East have been in the town to-day for supplies, &c.; Each one has a thrilling and incredible story of fierce and desperate struggle with, the flames, and now they wonder now they. got'ou'tq'fi.'ifjSn with their lives. The men have a seared and hag- gard appearance, and have lost the buoy- ancy of a week ago. Knowing what they hove passed through and what they have Btill to face, and the uphill fight of getting another home over thir hoads, it would be no surprise if they actually succumbed to hopeless and bitter despair. It is now almost a certainty that fully, half the far- mers-in-this once prosperous community have lost all, or very nearly all. It is painful to contemplate the dreadful amount of mischief effected in such a brief space of time. Mrs. Aikmnn, who was missed from lier daughter's home, has recovered con- sciousness, but she is very xveak from the fearful ordeal through wldeh she has passed and Hie want of' ,food. Jlr. Aikman'a horse - did noble work yesterday, making three' trips into Drouin- over 70 miles-for tíie. doctor and. medicine. Jlr. William Hick states that xvhctti he left home on Tuesday noon to take his avife and child to a place of safety the fire was more than two miles off, and thcrjBÀ seemed no possi- bility of its appearance until the following day." After leaving.hiscipre'cious charge at Drouin South he hastened back, hut when about three miles from his own home he found it impossible to proceed further with tito vehicle owing to the fallen trees across the read. 'Ho nbnndoncd the buggy and mounted the horse bareback, and rode through the fire and smoke to within half a mile of his house. Sparks were falling in nil directions., Try ns he would Jlr. Hick could not break through the ring of lire. By this time lie was almost exhaus- ted, and had become indifferent ns to the conséquences to himself. He was forced to retire and leave his homestead to its certain fate But his feelings can bo better imagined than described. Early in the day lio had left lils mother, an aged lady, nearly 70 years old, his wife's siater, and a nephew alone and unprotected in Hie dwelling, sur- rounded with the dry timber and scrub. Reaching Hie school-house, but a mile from his home, he does not now remember w-Uelher he got off or fell off Hie horse, but Jlr. Featherstone and his wife supplied re- storatives. There is n good view over Hie greater, portion of Poowong East and on to Poowong proper, from an devoted position close to the school. As far as the eye could penetrate there was the roaring, surging fire. Botli men declared their belief that uotliini" could como out of that alive. Tile weary nicht enme td and end. As soon ns possible Jlr. Hick forced his way through in order to loam the worst. He found his home', slteds, stacks, dairy, nnd fences 're- duced to n heap of nahes, his cronin sepa- rator'ruined, ins fine orchard spoiled, and the npples lying beneath the remnant of tile trees like so much rontl ini'tnl. He- sitbsc (Itiently learned Hint lils relatives had lied from the place, with their lives in their bands, when they snw the* firehearing upon them. Tlioy lind but n mile to reach the residence of Jlr. D. P. Hick, but that walk will never bo effaced from the memory of the youngest of Hie trio. They essayed to get through the paddocks, but were inanv times driven bnck. They «aw Mr. Atkniaii's property enveloped in flames, saw tha two fires meet and throw n column of Hame high iii Hie air, and then rush off towards Poo- wong North. The old lady Mit down ex- hausted, saying, "It's no use; I cannot get nay further." But the hopeful girl would not hear of this. AA'ith ii little persuasion and assistance site was induced In make i furl lier attempt. They threaded their wnj through the burning bush, mid ni, last got into ti spneo cleared by a previous (ire, nnd shortly afterwards reached the haven Hirv sought. Had they not by accident dis- covered the blackened clearing, only one re- sult could have happened. IN THE WESTERN DISTRICT. TWENTY FARMERS BURNT OUT. TERANG, Thursday. The bush lires still continue to rage in the forest country lo the southward of the town. A'estoid,iy a blaze swept through South Ecklin, burning out almost every holding. Thone who suffered were Mrs. Rose, W. H. Gubbins. Tranters, Clynes, Coombs, Lawsons, Harkness, C. Podger, Vichéis, Caslrie. Harman, Rodgers, Rollo, Johnstones. Wilkinson, McKenzie, Smith, England, Jlouiilmu, and Coverdale. There were some very exoil ing scenes in trying to save homesteads and other buildings. The .South Heklin stale school had a narrow' (scape, und the whole of the outbuildings und sheds were destroyed. At the South Ecklin factory a novel method was adopted to save the buildings. They were* bathed willi steam, thus smothering any sparks that caine near or in Hie building, A young mun imiiicd William Corrie, driver for Mr. Jiii'liiii'l O'Connor, butcher. Terang, lind ti minn iilou 1 encape yesterday iilteinoon. He wit« driving in the vicinity ol' South Ecklin a cult laili'ti willi meat, and when passing close to n burning tree ti huge limb fell oil. anil just missing Corrie* struck the curt and smashed it to pieces. Corrie uiiliariicsscd his horse, nuil mude for the nearest home- stead, where his services became useful a short time* niierwnrda in 'helping t« bent out tim fire. Yesterday afternoon ti fire broke out on Hie noi Hi end ol Hie Keilambete Estate, in Jlr. Chus. Clifford's block, mid before it ( mild be slopped 1G0 llores bl gross was lost. The lo-ses in this district are heavier than al hist thought, bul as yet no uceurate in-1 formation can be obtained as to the total amount of «lainage «lone Hie dmr) men «ill have a \ci) bad lune, as not on!) then grass but (ino slacks of hav, i.c . ure gone Une du,Muan «ho wns nmong the iiumbci binni out at Gie,ion,,,sion, bitccccdcd in obi lining glass ut n plate eight miles (bs tant ile took his cattle ovei, ind lind just cot them to the puddoel when ii hie, which had stirted a few minutes befoie, devastated the place i ici-) evening at sandonn theic aie gangs of men busil) cn gaged bullung firebreaks lound the pad docls vet untouched The town of le nug bus been completely em cloned in dense smoke suire Sundín, and it is impos sible lo see more th in half a mile in anv direction lins is a sotnee of gmt dungei, foi (t fire might come down on a propel I) without the usual waining A resident of ¡"louth Fcltlin stated tins morning that the wholq country from Ecklin to Peterbot ough is on lire COLAC, Thursday. The fires at Borongarook have been par- ticularly severe upon a number of the holdcis of piopertv A seven loomed house belonging lo Mi J Heglc) «as destro)cd, Mrs Walker's orchard and dwelling were both complctclv devastated, and fencing and outbuildings have been burnt in all directions. At Barramunga, Mr Eldridge lost his crop, and Ali Moi i is s «Ixxcllmc and outhouses «eie levelled to the gi on,ni ibis place was occupied b) Messrs P llotiik and Sons, contrnctois, and the) lost nil then tools Mrs Porteus s house, oc cupied by Mr T Al Donald, was also con sinned Al the time of willing the fires all nroiind aie veil quiet owing to the calm wcathei, bul ns the wind is fieshcmng up, it is expected that further damage will be done The latest Tepmls fiom the forest aro to the effect that the fires me still smouldering mid xxiii continue to do so until rain falls THE MAYOR'S FUND. The Mayor of Melbourne, hon. treasurer of the Central Relief Fund, acknowledges with thanks the receipt of the following ad- ditional subscnptions :— Amount previous, ucknoulodged (In- cluding £3,248 collected by "The Argus") ... ... ... £6,216 0 8 1'or Councillor Angus McNaughton (President Shire of Wyndham):—Collected lu Mew. Jnlin Pill, A McNaughton, mid I l: «nltcra--.! «all nml A E Lester, £¿13/ cooli, J Walters nml A Wilkie, £2/2/ each, V liiomisli and A It Hostie, £2 ouch, A I) Honan, I Davis, A JP Saughton, II Davis, A J McDonald, und J M Murray, £1/1/ cudi, IL 0 Pitt, O Walker, T Dall, ton , V, lwn, jun , n nest, P Considine W. Hill, and W X1 Murra), £1 etch, Walsh Uros, 10/0, W M'Nob, S Lancaster, 1 Cameron, T Ti quin, I Slmimlian, mid I Hoggs, 10/ each, smnlUr amounts, 14/0- £33/1/. Collected bv Itiv I M'lntosh mid I ltogers-A O' nml Ii boult, ii, Oi L Moffat and I Ivy, £1/1/ each, A Beamish nml I llogci-, £1 each, J Ilogart), Dr «Uli«, SI Mellon, 1 Armstrong, Hcv J. M'lntosh, P Mel,ero,i, I'ltwcrald Uros, 1) Pholun, 1' )t Donald, mid N VI, 10/ i-icli, J Beasley and W C1«llllni, 7/0 each, emntler amounts, £0/8/ 1.22/5/ Colloctoil by Itcv II Doran nml 1 Agar-S Tones C2/2/, \y, Croule), £2, 1 Vgir, I I Agitr, T Asar, sen , O Agar, and r Agor, £1/1/, VI lto-lnson, leake Bros., ,1. Robinson, Mr» Harri1-!], J Alcock, nml - Loic.iv, £1 ufcli, J Wolson, 10/0, C Vlurnane, II Dukclow, \- Kerr, E II I .Ison, I Kobluson, mul II Hcul, 10/ each, - Scott, 7/0, «millier amount«, £3 10/0 \- £22/8/ Colloctoil bl Messrs S Tinkler mid I' Illeko)- a I Chirnside, £10, Illcke) Uros, S Tinkler, M Walsh, J SI'lellan, 1 Brown, VV anil O Troup, SI C'onnnrs, J Beamish, _ Broun, Cunnii,g1,u," Pros, Coates anti Kelli, V Leake, tl/1/ each, M Wall, li Cliorr), .II", £1 each, O Hill, Hence anil Patterson 10/ each smaller mnoimts, 18/0- Í20/-O/0 Collected Iii Mi*,rs VV II Durrie and VV Ison, sen -VV II Durrie, W Ison, heu , and P Lambert, 10/ each, smallir amounts, 10/-£2 Donatid by the W'jiitlhim '.hire Council, £10/10/. lota! £110/11/0 Per lolln Clerk, Castlemaine, £61. per President United hhiro of Uccchitortii, £30/11/2. per President -hire of Maffra (further subscriptions), £20, further amounts received bv the "Age" to date, tlS/_l/10_ Pir Mayor of llrunsvviclt (fuilhor subscriptions)-l'asjllcld and Co, £2/2/, r Stringer, I I', £1/1/, 1" llegnej, £1/1/, T Kellin, £1/1/, Mrs A Poiidirl), C1, Cal'b Scott, £1, .1 M'Laren, £1; II Wallis, 10 0, It Howie, 10/0, ,1 L VV , 10/, Mrs Heller, 10/, 0 Lloid, 10/, .1 Ulrkctt, 10/, SI A Uallogher, 10/, iii Hamilton, 10/, Mrs I.e Qucsnc, vvldoiv, and ¿Slighter. 0/, J, ""Pritchard, 6/, Mr lllousd ile, II/, C nrchard»; 6/, Mr Monaghan, 2/0 -£n/«/(l Colonial Sugar Kenning Co Ltd (second subscrip lion), £10/10/, ltodni) Shire Connell, L10/10/, staff and emplojcs it Oil' "Herald " «.O/O.ll, 0\ Iiv Shire Cou tell, £5/j/, Ocorge Tuson, Ui, IciTriis Uro« , £2/2/. O li Armflolil, 10/0, 1 II , 5/ Per lion noontal) Victorian Climuhcr of Manu fictures-Sinllot.-iim. Anoll £10'10/, Mr I 1' Durham, £2/2/, Smith nml Harker, £2/2/, h Ho.d, £1/1/, T Cnilm, £1/1/, O O Turrj, £1/1/, T L Dnn_erflc!u, £1/1/, Mons I" l'ol lett, Belgium Consul, £1/1/ Captain Whittle), 10/0. It II Lawrence, 10/0, William I tilt, 10/0, \- £21/10/0 Collected bv Constable Konncdi, In Iteldillierg police district, £11/0/0, St lohn s Sunda) school, Melbourne, collection, £1/0/, liri tannin Lodge, OUOOP, C1, Charnwood Lodge, ¡so -IS, UAOD, 10/0, "A .rlinil," per Mrs Prior, Moonee Ponds, 0/, J D M N , 51, per B B and I', C Dungey, 2/, 'Trionil," 2/0-1/0 lotnl £0 507/l/8_ Tho following additional dnnatlom in kind hove also been received -Sirs Miller, clothing, Vi«_ lodds cilv mishlonnr., tvto porlell clothing, PL'II, clothing, T A Tillor, clothing, Mi- ll , clothing, Mr» 1 Ilirlchnol!, and ladles of Ft Kilda, per Mr D Beith, tno parcels cloth Ins, Sirs Molll-on, clothing, the women of Hor sham one large case of clothing, Mr Win II Douglas, 1 parcel men's clothing, "\ Friend," do , some K) ncton residents, live parcels clothing, "A Irlend," clothing "Tim ARGUS" FUND Wo have leccivcd the following addi tionnl subset iptions - Inhabitant« of Yendon, per Mr S II Oicnham. InisuWrTii-tr Ascott, rec £10 0 0 Collected b);8tol It "Vlurni, £1/3/0, Mrs 11 linibcay and H_rti, £3, Minis While and Tackson, C3, collected bv M Ypinig, Sim toi £l/s/, per Clio Colts, 6t Iaraes«vCl/J/. JHS, £1/1/. « Nicholson £1/1/. CongrLgntlon, christ Churcli, Melton, 10/0, A Widow's Mite, 10/, Mr Hodges, Bow ein S , 10/, A 1,01 e, lionise) 7/ Causa, Warr nam-ool, 51, G Sloan,, t1»multi lilli 3/, _ S lionise), 2/0, M Til, 2/0, ' S)Tiip ithiser," 2/0, emploves Alcock and Co (per A s j d» arils), £3/15/, J M , C3, scholars burnie. Stile Schcol, C2/3/11 Collected at Dimboola Post otllre (ner I Bell)-I Bill, 10/, Mrs Williams 10/. Ml lackman, 10/0, C I-iiRbloiii, 2/0- £1 '11/ Mun- tum Ilcctrlcil mil 1 ngllicorliur Slaff, O I'O , £1/0/, la« Anderson U/l/, HU, 10/, HO, 10/, collected lo Mprtl 81, 0/2, Mury Lorden, 0/, a , 1/) "S)mp,ith)," SSll.S/ The subscription of 10/ alkira« lodged as from Sir Hodges llowejo bonth, sliould be from "l'eggott)," lion t) a North Gl-XI-RATi REPORTS CU VULTOS', Wedneeda) Hesldents all throw.! this district have been Biibjeetiil to it most ti)Ing ptrlod during Um last fen dava, mid a elmina Is nnxlously looked foi Vesteidul (IYicsd.iv) the thirmolneler reristcrcd lujdeg , and th.re is no sign of a ihnngo ¡el. CHILD, ns, Tuesda) Great danger has been exporiencid from bush (1res On Saturday last tin Childi« Sliehanlcs' Instituto eauglit uro ttvice, but the Ure was ex tlngul=hcd just In the nick of time Man) selec tors are vtr) anxious _ I CHUCA, W'ednesda) Tonight the I chuca East brass band plavcd In aid (if the (llppsland I'lre Ittliif l'und A sub stantlal amount was obtained 1 OST. It, Wedncsda). Tires arc reported nt I lab Crcik, Hoddle Hange, Mirboo road, AIIUJ'B Truck, I ranklln ltlvir, and Upper .nura, but tin ixtent of addltlonnl dainiige Is not )ct kunun John lliinralian, of Welshpool, Is l vtrv stilous loser, damngu to house, EIICIIS femes grass, stock, ¿e , amounting to mer £100 fin vtnt-r suppl) throughout tho district Is vcrv short, mid sirlotis lonseqllcnccs nru anticipated uuliH. min soon commences to loll Ihc svviltcr lng hi it still continues HASTINGS, Tuesday The Uri t which were divastnting the Balnarring distrirt nt lust npnrt baie in several instances bun iluckcl, but in other parts arc still burning stmnglt Ihi north wind of )csterday morning took lue Hanns in plaies to the ten seiishon, vi lim, (f com. i, tin) vitro thetkeil, und nd vantage is being taken to bint them out Tho loss su til,ml b) sivirnl funncm Is very severe, foin. ,miM li tv sim ks, und btoii, Mr Mairs lost a i onslilirnbli Hinüber of sheep, the) being foutu! hiuldldl tngitlir mid roasttd to death in mobs Vii Shunt's ti mi nf bullotks turi so sovcrili u rrhul Hint 11 ol Hum lind t > lu shot Sloik ol all d strtpti ins uri rt lining tin roads in iiiunben) Culuit wns mid but sllll Is n long inn from stile should tin wind mr romiil loila) tlure lias bun llttli «lii.l and ii Is ¡m|H>s5llil_ to kuou how fir Hu liri Is amil Tin smoko Is so timk Hint It um he sei n mm ¡ng Uki a ihmd and onlv a fin v iriN ulu ni i in 11 lien ut ii tliiu the sun eoulil U ucn vin muli, und tin utino^i here Is densi mid siultirlng KOH01T, V\ (ilncsiln; In Hie district hiluecn lliivikisdule and Pi ns liuist i v ist una of tri« Ins linn burnt and II CK it dial of ftnilug dislroud On Sundi) tie Union IIIHs mid Mum lulls I si minni su, pi li liri und on Vlr N 1 liomin s liatiMitt ng 1 state 0000 sires «ire 1 unit III tim luurs, mid ii lartl uuuilier ot shcip turi dutroiul Un lum wen Insurul but Hu li M 111 (,riw mid stoik will H u , it Hil Hu Min id MCI p rllon (f Mr \\\l,l Ililli Hills I. til, mid VI Kin. I llr s l'illkl s lim Util« and linn in to (.linwood tilt pnpnlv of Mr I) Ollrlin illino its piot-re s was lllllklli minn Wuin«. du A Ure slnrlcd ubiint nilli nilli s from Vluffi i mar tin junction of Hu Mirillsl.r mid I lu mson rivirs v^lndii) nu ruing lids uniutr) Is cou nil willi luxuriant kra i mid Hu Ilium* nindi i iliun siuip of I I (I Hires .Inning in tin propirt) iif Hu (Minion nt Hu lull " -llllllllt, 2m HUM Ol «lilllllllil KM nun hllipt au ii, nntnllhsluiiilliu, tin tltmu of al out nun lli6 OK ni Hld i i Um ui.li Hu 1 w M with 1m re.lilli, nil.Illili und the liiutiis hud uni ti lo tula to horse ti nu thuiisilvn Hut burning C linunt s til II unis spiiml lum V 11 d lu mi-s nml '. . ? ' ? Villon whir nins bolonUmc lo Mis u in i.,. uuui Mi. OP mulls li..ii« mis lu ( riut diingir foi winn tliiu li it It mu nilli.ml. li tluough tho comhliud (Itills of flu nun sin» was Um uiljuiiiltig pio|irt) but tin burnt a strip ol i nis.s uloiii, his linn biloui tin Uro nu huI It, mid ullin Hu inhuming Ihmi. « inn, on Hull' i.."I'M mis sloppul and Mi Pitirsen thus mied no1 «nlv bli own pnpettv, but also thousands of mies nt giuss luuntl) right thrungli Illiuinbii In nddltlon tu tin grusii blunt most (f Hie luiclng on Chun nts l.sluti was di»tii))id i.1«) worth on Woodlinim's ami £C0 uorlli in Hu Villni 1 slnti I III lilly no Bimi, nun list Hu liri Is non iinilir (nnlrol, although millhill) attention lins lo In glvin lu the binning logs and Irus Word mu lud hin from (Ih mnaggh lo dav Hint n fin- Miirtul linn ustinli), ural burnt tlnnugli Hu piaiieilh« if Vlibin lliuinnirli), SI'l urlxiu, und 1 ullertou 