A Melbourne Letter. (From ;Our Special Correspondent.) Melbourne, February 9. The undue prolongation of the Federal Convention discusson on the rivers question has occasioned widespread dis gust. Of course it is only another phase of electioneering jobbery on the part, of New South Wales delegates. When the general elections in that colony, which fall due in a few months, come on, it will be easy to see which way the cat jumps. Meanwhile Federation dangles in mid-air, while members wJio intend «to stand talk big and pose as champion saviours of their colony; and future constituents are requ si.edtto-look on and applaud. Thos».who have made concessions to reason and common sense ?will doubfcl ss he held up as traitors, and spurned accordingly. Anyway the rivers question has provided a big free adver tiseme-it for several delegates who:have not hesitated to make capital out .of the debates. As for the Victorian members who went over to the enemy, as one might say, and vo'ed against the very amend ment we wanted, they have behaved re markably shabbily, and cut but a poor figure all round. The final settlement of the irri^ati-m- and navigation diiS cullies, though not what might be termed hastily arrived at, satisfies no State but New tfouth Wales. South Australia doesn't half like it, and Vie toria is in a pretoy. hole, especially .re garding the irrigation of the northern portion of the colony. Of late Lord Brassey has been, rather hiding his light under a bushel, and keeping within the confines of his guber natorial abode. The reason of this un wonted seclusion becomes clear .when I mention that His Excellency carries a souvenir of his last mishap around with him in tne form of a 'lovely black eye.' The death of a promising young litterateur who has already made for him self a name in the world of letters, leaves a sad gap in the ranks. 1 hough only 30 years of age, Mr J. S. Robert son, B.A., belter known under his literary nom de plume of ' Steele Grey,'* has earned a reputation which his com peers enthusiastically endorse. Several of the American science j ?siirnals were enriched by constant articles from his pen, which have been from time to time eagerly looked forward to. Keenly appreciated, not only by his brethren of the. pen, but also by the outside public whoknew him not. ' Steele Grey' was a welcome contributor to Punch, Bulle tin and other weeklies in which his versatile talents were always t:- the fore, and the regret with which his untimely death is deplored by hi3 large circle of friends is sincerely manliest. in his connection with the University he has won the friend- hip and esteem of grads and undergrads innumerable1, past and present. In addition to his varied literary and scientific achieve ments, ' Steele Grey ' took a great in terest in things theatrical. He had a hand in. constructing several panto mimes, and also touched up some for Maggie Moore, notably ' Santa Claus ' and ' Aladdin.' It is sad to think that liver complaint should cut short a life so full of promise,! and carry off a good friend, who was clever without being bumptious, charming without affectation, and a jolly good fellow all round. A troublesome law suit, which has been hanging fire since 1892, is finally demolished by the judgment of Mr Justice Holroyd. The plaintiff claimed £700 odd from the North Australian Lloyds, in which the defendants are interested. The action has formed the subject of numerous applications to the Court, and was only allowed to proc- ed on ceitain conditions laid down by! the Conrt. .As these conditions had not been satisfactorily carried out his Honor dismissed the case and gave judgment for the defendants. The action was a terrible nuisance, and ha^ been hovering in the wind for the last six years. Not quite so interminable as the Jarndice v. Jarndice c-ise, of Bleak House fame, though it certainly appeared likely to spread itself out and pile up costs indefinitely. The Customs Department is ac customed to having its hair pulled by fashionable society ladies wi'h a taste for smuggling sealskins and rouge ; and it is a heavy loser by this expensive taste on thf-ir part. Boots and shoes, scent, pearl powder, hair dye, gloves, etc., and many requisites of the fair sex too doubtful to particularise all bear a part in defrauding the revenue. Church bazaars play a leading part m the sp liitior, and as yet remain un punished. The liquor traffic that goes on a-, most of chese affairs- in aid of Charity and without a lice'.-.se would astound the publican and the sinner. To observe cas-js of spirituous creature comforts which hare been pre sented to the church in question, bear ing the unique title of '? works of art,' and raffled as such, at so much a ticket, would make the revenue collector, could he be induced to show himself at one of these functions, mortify the flesh and repent in sackcloth and ashej. \s a consolation in a mild form to the male things vhoni relations will insist upon dragging to bazaars to be pillaged right and left, the luxury of a sixpenny drink served by the prettiest of religious m-iiden.3 the church can boast, is per mitted. Too frequent interviews with these fascinating temporary He-es occasionally climax in Jimmy and Cholly being led off in a wobbly con dition by a stern mamma. Of course, the saloon business is carried on in secluded nooks and corners, behind a high art sc;een and plenty of palois and greenery ; but it brinsjs in no mean addition to the building fund, or new schoolroom, or whatever it happens to be all the same. As an offset against being implored to purchase nine hundred and ninety nine articles a bachelor has no earthly use for, he naturally makes a rush to buy up as ranch of the one thing to his taste in th* whole howling (I say howl ing deservedly) wilderness. The very latest Roman Catholic introduction is a raffle in which the purchase of a ticket gives the right to a drink thrown in wuh a chance in the raffle. The peculiar things Charity is responsible for will fill a book of chronicles, the perusal of which might be calculated to make the hair of the Twelve Apostles stand up with horror, i.e., presuming those gentlemen own any hair at this advanced age. However, the mantle of Charity covereth a mulr.i tude of sins, so we will peep no more behind the curtain. At the half-yearly meeting of the Bank of Victoria, shareholders the Com panies Act was -vituperated for a good deal more than it vya-\\\^rth. Jt was a broiling hot day; The shareholders present were compelled to stew iii their own juice for three-quarters of an hour while the balance-sheet was gabbled over as quietly as the perspiration bedewed reader could mouth it.) Sevcralmotions that the sheet should beV. taken as read wr;re put downj and anyone who. could bolt did so. The iiiet- half-yearly profit amounted to £22,729 ; ?which yielded a c'iv. of five per cent on preference shares Ordinary scrip-holders must possess '; their souls in patience until such' 'timV' i as the depositors are squared off... , It all ,,] goes well this blissJuL; peripd :,;shoatd i arri ve in March next, :;whea.;;tH.e vlast ?i-a-!- -,; rtalment .will be wiped off the -slate, i D.V. Then when the. preterence snare- - holders/- depositors^ anfl -various ;'s$frher ?; creditors of the institution are . fe'tiled ' up. the common of gardeii sharehoklers will get a '* look m^-',,;T-h©jpolicyvof;4ihe. \ directors was much commeijdedv-and the meeting broke up.in-;a fairly gQ.od.tem^ per, and inside ::mucli\ ;h^yb.c .among 'long bandies.'- V; 'V ' -- ' . .The attendance .at- the ^fourth test. rnatch was what you might ..call poor, in c unnarison with previous gates ; but a substantial percentage was knocked off the receipts by the oppressive heat which bowled out many who would otherwise have put in an appearance to see th^ Britishers sing small. Now that the colonials have won the rubber the Eng lish newspapers . that proclaimed their disgust in no measured terms when their countrymen met with their first defeat by an innings, will scarcely be able' to contain theii wrath. There have bee-.i no half measures in these three victories of our boys, as the. first two had eajh an innings to spar«f, and the third was won by eight wickets. The last t.st match, to. complete the series of five, commences on the 26th at Sydney — the issue not materially affecting the championship one way or another, though it would be a joke to score four out of the five. The weather having been so extremely trying, seems to have taken all the srravy out of the visiting team, and they certainly ap pear flabby, having ' sta'ecl ' consider ably in the heat. Should the e ements become more propitious Stoddart's team will probably pick up in time for the last test match, and make a gallant stand for the Mother Country. The proportion of the fair sex at the matches kt-pc up wonderfully, and the enthusiasm displayed by not a few of the sweet things was eminently patriotic and catching in the extreme. By the way, since the pertinent cricket results have been made manifest the worship of the divine ' Banii ' has cooled off a tonishingly. The ladies have dis covered that the princling has been tie-; mendously overrated, and that he isn't a bit handsome after all. However, we are all only mortal when all's said and done, and really as the old proverb succinctly puts it, ' Nothing succeeds like success.' The Verm'n Destruction Act U sound enough doctrine in its way and as far as it goes ; but whether the stringent measures laid down under some of its claus 3s are as satisfactory as they sound, remains doubtful. Not a fe - agricul turists avow that many of these devas tating bushfir-'S lander which the country in still crackling are directly nttribu'able to the V.D.A. aforementioned. At this period of the year when the dried up grass affords little attraction, from a gastronomic point of view, to the festive bunny, that animal is more disp-sed t - assimilate phosphorised wheat a-.d oats. Accordingly the Minisk-.rof Lands signs a warrant for the wholesale d° struction of the furry ones, which setters are obliged to execute in fear of the law. Accordingly the poison* d bait is tempt ingly distributed, and presently the phosphorus, becomes ignited and hey, presto ! you have a nice bushfire on your property, which spreads and spreads until it ? is miles in extent and swallows everything before it. There are many and diverse methods adopted for the extermination of the rabbit pest ; but the phosphorus is reckoned to be the most reliable. Consequently it is resorted to in all directions, as no specified . mode of slaughter is laid down under the Act, which merely requires that holdings be cleared somehow. They are cleared ; so also are fences, grass, crops, haystacks, farm buildings, and all the parapher nalia pertaining to the benighted agri culturist, who no doubt enjoys the spectacle presented by the conflagration with philosophical equanimity, be he insured well over and above. But where such is not the case, th ?? feelings of the successful rabbit extermnator must be something unique, if inexpressible. A couple of New South Wales agri culturists have become wiser and sadder since they ran up against the border Customs. Tales of bord r ba-barism might be chronicled unendingly, and the bad blood and cuss words conse quent thereon would probably stock reams of paper, but that anon. The two men obtained leave to conduct a team of bullocks into Victoria to follow a thresh ing machine conditionally on their re turning with the machine within a \yeek. As one of the mate3 got ill the contract was not- kept, and the Customs officials pounced down in a twinkling to confis cate the lot and impose a fine of £100. After a lot of har-.l. talking the Customs authorities were induced to believe that there was no deep and desperate design to smuggle the animals. Accordingly I the fine was magnanimously reduced to £50, but as the luckless offenders had nothing more than £87 in the world the powers that be kindly con sented to accept the amount. Had they not proved thus amenable the men would have been obliged to busk away in 'quod ' When is there to be an end to this miserable farce that makes Victoria a laughing stye's from one end of Aus tralia t - the other ? An ingenious method of taking down various purchasers of gold has been largely practised for the last six months in several mining districts here. The greatest dupes have been the banks ; but these are shy of letting out the real ex ?ent to which they have been victimised. The doctored ore is so perfectly got up that it passes the acid test without wink ing ; while the fire test leaves it un harmed. There were several' gangs at; work, passing off the spurious stuff* These easily avoided suspicion by work-', ing among the sand 'heaps, and trading it off on storekeepers and others. Theperfec ti'on pf the specimens and the ingenuity with which they were prepared show. that the 'boss' who manufactured them must have been a' regular ?'me'tallurgic 'expert. Indeed, several prominent' ''^ssayers and jewellers --bought, up ; ;the-v spurious metal in all good faith. The ? modus ' operand! is. worth recording. To begin with, they sifted a little^fine ;gold ; into a crucible, t|ie'n-l equal';'. ;p art's'' ; of ; ncjuicksilyer' ' and copper were put;, .in, : and more. . gold diluted on the.top. Cveiv a .hotfire the.. lot, amalgamates '??nicely- ;?? the 'quicksilver' and 3'6pwer cling together, while the gold regains as aii outside' coating.' Any silyer that may not be .'covered quickly evaporates, and you have a, beautiful looking cake containing. only .5 per cent. of gold. THis judicious mixture has been traded off in wholesale quantities in Bendigo, Castlemaine, and Kyr-eton, while from time to time it has been got rid of in Tasmania, South Australia,' and New Zealand. Many of the banks that have been ' had ' have declined to prosecute, owing to a certain delicacy th*-y feel at exposing their own gullibility. The gangs were finally arrested through, the instrumentality of a German storekeeper, who had also suffered from the brumma gem gold they had palmed oil' upon him. 