NOTES AND NOTIONS A drop of ink Falling upon a thought makes thousands. Maybe millions, think. Mr Gillies, M.P., best known, per-<*> haps, as the "political mouse" of Maitland, has been subjected to a rather rough handling from the payers of the municipality in which he resides. Ho was a popular alderman for several years, but his popularity of late seems to bo waning, judging by the result of tho l:>st municipal con test. Although Mr Gillies was elected, still Mr AVhittel scored rbout 200 votes moro than the old alderman. "When tfie poll was announced Mr "Whittol was carried away triumph antly on tho shouldors of the enlhuai estic crowd, while Mr Gillies was left standing dejectedly on the steps of the council chambers aimlessly twirling his moustache. It is high time the Maitland electors began to estimate this man at his true political worth. The decline of his popularity munici pally may forebode his political dis aster at tho next general elections. A result of this sort would demonstrate the wisdom of the electors, besides helping the colony to get rid of a par liamentary nonentity, whose public career represents a useless blauk, # * # The calamitous bush-fires which have recently laid waste- tho Gripps land districts of Victoria form-such painful reading that one would not expect to come across an incident told of one selector who did not worry himsolf or take risks on a task which ?was useless. When the lire reached his selection he saw by its volume that nothing but a deluge, and a quick one at that, could hold it back, so he simply walked quietly into his house, got a bottle of whiskey, a plug of tobacco, and his pipe, and then sought the nearest creek. There he sat, aud drank and smoked, and philosophically ?watched in comfort tho destruction of home and his property, which neither ho nor any force of men could have averted. All through tho night he sat there, aud when tho lire had paseed there was little of his tobrcco and less of his whiskey. Then he went back to his solection, and walked OTOi , it carefully, to sco what was necessary for a fresh start, when a mounted coustablo and a largo body of selectors met him and shook him by tho hand. Ho asked what thero was to shake him by tho hand for, and when told that ho had been given up for lost he simply laughed, and, re lating his experience, shewed the empty whisky bottle, which had been, he said, a good friend on a trying night. ? # * . The Lands Department is not now, as it used to be, a place of refuge alone for the dudes of the metropolis. Tho Civil Service Board put a little check on the loafing that was at one time carried on there, and now the officials employed have to do some thing for tho screws they draw. One night each week, under a now arrange ment, they are expected to put in a little overtime to make up certain reports of laud sales, and whereas, in the good times, they used to be allowed 2e 6d to pay for their tea on these special occasions, they are now compelled to bo content with Is 6d worth of tucker for tho evening; meal! More than that it seems, for it is necessary in order to get this sutn refunded to them to obtain from the hash-house keeper a .voucher statiug the money had beeu spent in this way. This step was taken to prevent these dandy fellows from marching out into the street at tho meal-hour aud, instead of speuding the half-a-crowu in ordinary refreshments, feeding on the handles of thoir walking caves and ' pocketing tho tucker-money. From the aforesaid canes they used to absorb sufficient inspiration to enable them to return to their desks to per form the arduous task awaiting them. # * # It is recorded that, in an Adelaide church one Suuday eveuing recently, something went wrong with the gas .meter; and, as the service proceeded, the church became darker and darker until it was barely possible, to road. Then curiously enough, when the next hymn in order was given out, the words were found to be '' The people that in darkness eat." The situation was sufficiently striking to prevent even a fitting moral lesson from being drawn. Some people cannot help seeing the humorous side of things. Tho story' brings to mind an incident which .occurred during a church service in the town ofWidness, Lancashire. Something went:wrong with tho gas thero, and. the preacher read the closing hymn by the light of wax matches, which he struck and held in his lingers. The hymn was, .ap parently, appropriate, " Thy way, not mine, O Lord, however dark it be," and the congregation got safoly through it; but as the preacher, closing his eyes for prayer, held the' last match he had struck still burning, in his fingers, they did not join in the prayer, but waited breathlessly for the result, and were not disappointed, though the conclusion was painfully abrupt. ? ' ???;'.' * * ?*.'?.?? Along their lonely way across the publoss desert and ocean, the " sun downer" and the mariner should bo cheered by kuowing that they havo ever wtfhthem tho heartfelt sympathy of Mr "Inclement" "Wragge, who is Australia's advance agent for various patterns of tornadoes, called by strange aud awo-inspiring _ names, devastating monsoons, terrific heat and rain wavos, dust whirls, and other ineteorlogical phonomoua, be wildering aud fearful to' the fay mind. From his bigh observatories in Queensland and the ice-clad heights of majestic Kosciusko, Mr Wragge, with koon eye, detects afar off tho coming chango, aud then, rushing to the telegraph oflices, clicks the infor mation through Australia far and wide. Sometimes he speaks sym pathetically to thoso who are likely to be oxposod to the terrors of those effects, ltecently ho told that " tho brawny swagsman of the interior" would bo given " somo grand exhibi tions of tho dynamical poteucy of nature," and all sundowners who tremblingly read tho warning began to sniff tho sulphurous atmosphero that already appeared to hang around. At tho Bauic time, Mr AVragge imagined that a storm of cyclonic form would givo the New Zealand captains " cause to remomber tho words of tho great bard of Avon," when the}' encountered " tho pelting of this pitiless storm." It would be unlikely, howovor, that tho uiariuer would troublo about quoting from tho poets or authors to describe any gale that gavo troublo. Captains, as a rule, have a varied vocabulary of their own, composed of the liveliest and luridest vernacular imaginable, aud would have no iucli uation to go hunting around toborrow from other sources' for terms or choico epithets. '? # * Mr Wragge thus referred to the storm which commenced on Saturday:—"The eastern or advancing side covers tho settled districts of tho South Aus tralian -province, also tho Itiverina country and Victoria, and thus are inhabitants of thoso districts enduring, with, wo trust, stoical fortitude, the parching blasts coursing over tho land liko tho samiel of Arabia, or some gust from the realms oE Pluto. Furniture will crack, rents in wood work will opon up, and all life will feel the effects of tho burning cur rents that herald the approach of ' "Wucko, , yet not quite, however, to the same extent as in the instance of tho advance of ' Zavau.' Great dust storn?s will play over tho Adelaide plaius, dulling tho air for miles around, aud haply making the sun so lurid that timid aud unscientific people will think of the world's end as de picted in the Book of KevelaHons. Then suddenly, with the last dust storm, will come' the change. A seductive smell, peculiar in its influ ence aud sweeter- by far than the zephyrs of Coylon, will toll of the approach of refreshing rain, as the north-western side oE ' Wacko ' comes up." * ? ???????'?.?? .._. . * Mr Copeland'harangued the olec tors of Phillip Division on Tuesday night. . In his address there was hardly any variation from the familiar trumpetings of the party, of which he is regarded as one of tho most promi nent members. Reminding tho meet ing that when the elections which aro still ahead of us actual!)' did come there should be no shirking of tho fiscal issues, ho expressed tho deter mination of himsolf and his friends to see that the importance of those issues was duly recognised. Thoy would take care to keep Mr Roid's noso in the grinding slono, even if they had to grind it off. It is only to be said on this particular matter that if tho forecasted nose- grinding process to which the Premier is to be subjected be not more adroitly at tempted than hitherto by the same bands, Mr lieid will uot have much to fear concerning a depleted political ?olfactory organ. Hitherto, indeed, the members of the Opposition party have-usually contrived somehow to griud'their own noses when, with the best intentions in respect to the opera tion being performed olsowhero, they have essayed to put Mr Reid and his colleagues through the humiliating ordeal. 