THE MAUDE MEETING. Tho meeting which is convened for Wednesday of next week at Maude, to consider the question of the re appraisement of inferior lands, should attract all the small landholders m the district, for there aro very few men west ot Hay wno do not noicl ' interior lands,' if all lands tho productive capacity of whicJ» falls below £1 per acre come within that category. Viewed from every standpoint, the claim of tho conditional purchaser in that district and similar districts, for re-apprrisement, isajnstone. In- the first place, tho land was never com parable with the agricultural land in tho more eastern parts of tho Central division which was disposed of at precisely tho sauic price. In the second place,' its original value has b?en immensely ? diminished by the visitation, of fcho rabbit, a contingency which no man could foresee, and which may fairly be regarded as an ' act of 'God.' * The experience of the last two years, too, during which the country has had a painfall which would fcbfc b'e r^gafded'as Jjhbnominal on- an Arabian desert, has gone a long way | to prove that the country in question , is not fit for settlors o\\\ tho terms on which the conditional purchaser holds his land. A- low rental and a larger area aro indespensable conditions of anything like success. In mnny cases, it is perhaps impracticable t'- *? - r-fi the area, but the cutting down of the annual payments is only a matter of pounds shillings and pence. Some relief in many cases ioems to be a con dition of continued existence. But j even so, it is not likely that relief will be obtained without strong agitation on the parts of those whose straits are sore. It is to this end Chat the Maude meeting has been called. Tho outcome of the meeting should bo a deputation to the Minister for Lands, and, if necessary, also to the Premier. No doubt the requests of the conditional purchasor of inferior land will be met in some quarters — by the Sydney press particularly, if past actions couuto for anything — by the comment that he bought the land, and that in accordance with the good old lpgal maxim, the buyer takes the risk. But there are one or two rejoinders to this. Time after time have the terms on which land is held in this colony been altered under the stress of urgent necessity. The length of leases have been continued beyond tuo contract time. Only recently, tho Western lessees were granted a special re appraisement for precisely the same reasons as the conditional purchasor of inferior land requires relief. If one is a breach of contract, so is the other. Then, again, the special area holders, by dint of much agitation, obtained the right of re-appraisement, which led to great reductions in price. The equities of the ordinary conditional purchaser's case, as compared with that of the special area holders, are probably, if anything, stronger, seeing that at no time was there any pretence made of adjusting the price of ordinary con ditional purchase land to its real productive value. But thereis a better 1 answer to objectors than that the same 1 thing has been done before* In it is involved the question of public poliey. j If iu these inferior districts, laud i- held on terms under which in the working of it men can only go from bad to worse, the holder must inevi tably disappear. His place can only be taken by men, who learning from his sad experience, will not take the laud except on totally different terms. The land for wkich the State formerly received Is per acre per annum will then be occupied at Id or 2d, and the new settler will be a not one whit bofc. ter man than his predesessor. It is obviously better policy for the State to srive assistance to those at present on tho land than to wait until they are ruined, and then revise the terms in the ihteresb of strangers who have not borne the heat and burden of the day. We trust that the outcome of the Maude meeting will be all that it deserves to be. It was a scorching dav ou Saturday, the thermometer recording 109 decrees ; but a | change— a southerly, carrying heavy clouds of dust— come at night, and prevailed uutil next day. * Sunduy was cool— comparatively —at 94.5, On Monday, the heat-fiend showed signs of renewed vigor, the record being 98.4; and to-day, at 3 p.m. he was exuding an atmosphere which lifted the mercury up to 105£ degrees. On Sunday night the sun set like a ball of fire ; and the difference between the moon and the sun, in appearance, was only oue of size. The. phenomenon was only due to a hazy atmos phere, the result, it is thought, of smoke from the Victorian bush-fires. It is announced elsewhere l*v advertise ment Miat the Hay Temperance Band has been disbanded, and that another — The Hay Town Band — has, phcetiix-Iike, risen from its ashes. At a meeting held on Thursday niqiib the following officers were elected : — President, Mr. F. Byrne ; baudmaster. Mr. I J. Lipscombe ; Secretary, Mr. H. Schmidt; I treasurer, MrC. Clifford; assistant secretary, I Mr. V. Cambell. At the time of its decease j the old band was financially in low water, and the new baud, which takes over all liabilities, will be glad to receive auy as sistauce from townspeople that can be spared. The institution is one that has many claims to support. A very serious accident occurred on Thursday last to Mr. Alexander Rundle, tho manager of the Willows Estate, near Deniliquin. Whilst varding some cows one rushed at him, inflctiug injuries in the groin. Tho young fellow was taken to the Deniliquin hospital about midnight, where he now lies. The local Salvation Army corps intend holding a 'harvest festival' next week. That the drought has stood in the way of iny harvest worth talking about is a tnoru detail. It is part of tho croed of the Salva. lion Army to bo thankful for small things, and all things. Opening religious services will be held on Sunday, and on Monday evening at8 p.m., the sale ot goods will be opened in the Macgregor-stroet Barracks by Mr, Ashton, M.P. In recognition of the possible paucity of purely agricultural pro ducts in the district at present, the Army captain, ia making an appeal for gifts, do- , sires to expkiu that he is prepared to accept as a donation towards the festival auy sort of goods, and, if he were pressed very hard, he might even consent to accept cash. The ' festival' is part of a general scheme ex tending ovor the colony, under tho direction of Commandant Booth and the head-quar* ters staff. fcJach corps, however, depends for results entirely upon its individual efforts. The Salvation Army is doinf* a good work amont»3b the poor, aud it has a good cliim upon tho public for assistance. The Yms Tribune says : — 'Tho conference of delegates appointed to select a candidato to represent the Protectionist interest at tho next Yass election, met at the Oddfellows' Hall on Wednesday afternoon. After two or three hours sitting, Mr. B. J. Grogunwas chosen by 7 to 4. Overtures were made to Colonel Waddell to allow his name to he submitted, but he is said to have refused. Some unpleasantness occurred after the meeting, and one of the delegates received a severe blow in tho face. The league was formed to promote uuity, but it would ap pear from such stroug outbursts of personal fecliug to bo ineffectual iu that direction. However, thoro is ample time beforo the election takes place to rub out all feelings of of jealousy, so that protection may have a fair run for the Yaas 88b.t in Parliament. 11 A scvero blow in the faco' is good. B. J. Grogan, hailing originally from Yaw, owned a Junuc newspaper for several jean. Colonel Waddoll declined the humiliation that the local league proposod. Botweon Grogan and Waddell, u Wully Aiflick,' as 'ho ia foaUotl — perhaps the most' stubbornly uncompromising honest man in Parliament — will probably win easily. Judoe Rogers in* the Albury District Court on Friday said he did not think trades-peoplo were entitled to claim interest by merely printing- over their billheads ' interest will be charged ou all overdue accounts.' .Written naticg mUst frj gvrtrri' of claimS'for A Saving Wife — ' Do you think I can afford £5 for that- new dress?' 11 No, my dear ! ' says tho amused wife. ' Its not a new dress, but my old skirt boiled and backed, and ouo of P. B. TERRY'S new Blouses at 3s lid.'* The teamsters of Rivorina aro a vonture* somo class of men, and nothing pleases them bettor, it is said, than to have tho houor of carrying tho biggest load on record. To accomplish this they will risk anything and take small heed of tho cost. In our last issuo mention was made of a load of whoat, comprising 241 bags, carted from the Murray Hut district to Borrigan(it was to Jorilderie as a matter of fact) by Mr. Joo Evans. This ho safely accomplished with a splendid team ot horses on a waggon* u*tc. long uy 9ft wide. Wo now learn that a rival team ster, named Priest determined to go a ton better than Joo, and, starting from tho samo district, loaded up with 250 bags of wheat for Jcrilderie. But Priest was too ambitious. Just as ho was about to movo off with his immense load, his waggon col* lapsed like a baud box — just sank down bodily into a mass of mangled wreckage. — Ynrratvoiu/a Ghronidc. Regarding the proposal to establish a farmers' co-operative flour mill in Sydney, tho following letter has been addressed to Mr. Heftcruan * — Hill and Dale, Walla Walla. — Dear sir, — Seeing a report of your meeting in the Daily News I beg to inform you that wo farmers of Walla Walla and Jiudera held a private meeting on the 24th of January to consider tho low price of wheat. Mr. H. Cross presided, and explained the advantages of co-operation, where the miller can be beaten. We decided to form a co* operative milling company, under the rules of that company. It was also agreed to ask Mr. Fairbairn, the English delegate, and Mr. West, the secretary to come to Walla (expenses paid) to sec what can be done to help the farmers. As soon as Mr. Fairbairn lias written to us what date will be con venient for him to conic, .we will then call a : meeting in ihe Banner and Border Post. — I I remaiu, dear sir, your faithful servant, B. Odewalin.' The Forbes Gazette says u Thorc is i trouble btewincr for our Municipal Council. The other day a ratepayer washed his buggy with water from the mains, and he now threatens to sue for damages because the water ruined the varnish.' Mr. Zinzan Harris, Dentist, of Hay, may be consulted nt the GUNBAR HOTEL at any hour of February 13th ; and at HILLSTON from 15th to 22nd February.* an old man named Albert Wright, was ssnt to gaol yesterday morning for three weeks, by Mr. Treven-i, J. P., for having no lawful visible means of support. Wright came to Hay somo months ago under 'arrest from Carrathool, on a charge of being of unsound mind, but was discharged. He was afterwards sent to gaol for a fortnight for having no means of support, and had been out of gaol for a short period when ho was brought up yesterday morniuc. We understand that the Attorney-general his altered the charge against W. J. Foster recently committed for trial on a charge of carnally knowing his daughter, to the more serious one of rape. A remarkably fine specimen of a water melon was left at this offico last week by, the manager of the ' Farmers' Market.'; Its girth one way was 33 inches, and the other way 42 iuches. It isn't at this office uow, but we aro informed that there are a number similar in excellence at tho market.' Two hundred and forty seven applications were received for the position of council clerk and borough surveyor at Junec, which positions Mr. R. J. Dickson is about to re sign. The applications came from almost every part of Australia, aud the ages of the applicants varied from 23 to 75 years ; aud some of them had held responsible positions. The special committee of the Council ap pointed for the purpose, and consisting of the Mayor and Alderman lilatch und Hore on Wednesday considered the applications, aud selected six gentlemeu, one of whom the Council will elect council clerk and borough surveyor. The salary is £156 per annum; : Judging from the following, the Narandera hospital has at last passed from troubled into ; smooth waters. The extract is from the Narandera Ensign's report of tho annual j meeting, at which all officers wree elected without competition ' Mr. Glasgow said ! he could not, in justice to himself and the doctor, give a sileut vote ou this occasion ; ! it had been a revelatiom to him to notice ; the gratitude displayed by the patients for ? the skill and kiudness showed them by - the ? doctor and the whole staff. Dr. Watt had | takeu the liveliest iuterest in everything' conuected with the institution, even includ- ; ing the finances, and the hospital hud never ! been so usetul in relieving human suffering than the present year. The motion being put by the chairman was carried by acclama tion. Dr. Watt expressed sincere thunks for the resolution on behalf of himself and the staff ; his work had been a labor of love, and ho was well assisted. One of tho principal things he felt grateful for was the absolute confidence of the committee, by which they worked together and made all interests identical. He said he could not speak too highly of the staff, and tho matron could not be improved upon ; they nil combined to work together comfortably and successfully, and he begged to return thanks for all.' Adverse criticism is being freely bestowed at Berrigati at tho action of the New South Wales Minister for Lauds in announcing sales of Crown lands in various parts of Rivorina, amounting iu all to 19,140 acres. It is felt that a man of limited means has little or no chance to purchase the laud, and it consequently goes to increase the holdings of the already large estates. It is alao urgod that iu tho assortment of lands to be sold the Miuister has oxercised little or no dis crimination. Cadbury's Cocoa. ' Light, refreshing and invigorating to the jadod mind aud body ; delicious to the palate, und absolutely unadulterated.'— Family Doctor. The pioneer of the Gcolong wool trade, Mr. Charles John Deunys, died this morn* ing, at his residence, Churlcmoub, Ncwtowti (says the Geelong correspoudeut of the Mel bourne Age writing under last Friday's date.) Deceased was a colonist of 56 years, and no local citizen was better known or more thoroughly rospected. He was a native of London, and in 1842, boing then 24 years of ago, arrived in Melbourne and commenced business. Six years later Mr. Dennys came to C.ieolong, and subsequently turned his attention to farming at tho Barrabool Hills, and was one of the victims of the Black Thursday fires. The present sito of Germin town no doubt owes its cxisteuce to Mr. Dennys, who possessed a good deal of land in the locality. He had been educated in Germany, and when a number of German immigrants arrived he put himself in tomb with them, and they sccurod his interest in the laud. Ho next started boiling down works at Breakwater, but wonting the laud was a tnoro congenial mirsuit to him. mul he took to model farming at Ceres. In 18?'l Mr. Dounys commenced in the woolbroking business. Finding ull the trade going to Melbourne, and considering that Geolorg possessed equal advantages for shipmort aud concentration of tho wool, Mr. Dennys issued circulars to the growers, which ha'l the effect of materially increasing tl:e Gueloug trade. His first catalogue wts : limited to 237 bilea, and now the catalogue of Messrs Dennys, Lasoellos, Austin and C». has reached 80,000._ It may hore bo men tioned that in 1851 the total shipment if wool from Victoria was 5(5,000, while .it present it is nearly 500,000 bales. Tic dcccasod gentleman was a groit democrat, and a generous employer, while nocharitabU objoct ever camo under his notice' without ?receiving liberal, attention. Mr. Donnyi,. who waH 80 years of ago, was*'two years. a* widower, 'and leaves * three grown up 'daughters, oue of whom is the wife of Mt. B. H. Lascelles. The latter has been a member of the firm of Dennys, Lascelles, Austin and Co. nince 1878, and is well known in Bobawtioij with . Uw great aud wnbkv tfnterpVWo {H retfpeoV to- tho m'alleo. The usual monthly committco meeting of i tho Hay Benevolent Society, which should - havo been held yesterday, lapsed for wiut of ' a quorum. The members present — Mrs. Terry (President), aud Mesdamos Broughton aud Lavender — held an informal discussion iu regard to tho situation and condition of tho sick poor and tho applicants of the past and current months. The s une visitors a.-i last month wore arranged for, viz., Mosdames Terry and Lavondc, the books being with tho latter, at ' Tho Mazo.' In the Small Debts Court this morning, H. B. Maclure sued John Chitts for 15s 2d, goods sold. There was no appearane of defendant, and a verdict for the amount was entered. W. G. Ottoy proceeded against James Hing to recover tho amount of 15s. Iu this case also tho defondant did not appear, aud a vordict was given for plaintiff. A number of other casos on the list wcro settled out of court. Saturday night's arrivals in Hay pci train from Melbourne brought word of an accidcnt of a terribly sudden character whioh had occurred ou the road to Mr. William Oliver, inspector for the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Co. Owing to Mr. Oliver boing hastily removed from the ex press uftcr the accident had occurred, the seriousness and exact nature of the injuries sustained uy hitr, were unknown to those who continued their journey. Satur day morning's Melbourne papers furnished particulars. When the train was between Gleuroy and Broadmeadosvs, Mr. Oliver, who .vas sitting in a carriage with his arm resting on the frame of au open window, was suddenly struck by some projecting object — possibly the open door of a truck — on a train which passed in au opposite direc tion. Tho blow broke Mr. Oliver's arm at the elbow. The express was stopped ot a station a little distance further on, and Mr. Oliver, having been transferred to a train going to Melbourne, was takeu to Sir Thos, Fitzgerald's private hospital. His injury, although painful, is said to be i)ot at all dangerous. All sort of instauccs have been cropping up lately by way of proof of the absorbing iuterest the recent test cricket matches have had for the people of Australia. Only the other day, tho Melbourne Argun narrated an instaucc of a funeral procession iu Mel bourne being observed to suddenly pull up in front of a public-house. All sorts of surmises wero indulged in, but it subse quently transpired that tho cause of the stoppage was a desire on the put of the chiei mourners to see the scores in the cricket match, which were posted outside the hotel. Another case which comes from the southern colony is still more remarkable, and constitutes a striking blend of pathos and humor. Henry Joyce, aged 71, who left Keilor on Monday to walk 10 miles into Melbourne to see the test match, was found at night dying in tho Moonec Ponds Creek. He could give no account of himself wheu taken to the Melbourne Hospital, bub he was still anxious to know the latest scores. He died before the mutch was settled. tho personnel of the Federal Convention :— 'Setting aside our own mnu, of whom one can scarceiv speak, the four leaders who attract most notice in the Convention arc Mr. Birton, Mr. Symon, Mr. Reid, and Sir John Forrest. Sir John is no orator, but his directness and his force carry great weight. He is the Australian of Austra lians, aud yet there is -no more typical Englishman iu the Convention in burly physique and in houest, plain speaking than the explorer of tho West. The New South Wales Premier is sui generis. There are re 8omblance8 between Mr. Barton and Mr. Symon, and also great differences. Mr. Bartou has stepped out of the picture-frames of one of our Georgian ancestors. Kveryono to whom the point is made sew at once the rescmblauce to the 18th century man. They could work hard, thoso ancestors of ours, and could enjoy amusemeut, and Mr. Barton is credited with an equal capacity. That he is the favourite of the Convention is self evident. Mr. Symon is the typical product of the 19th century — something taken away from the 18th and something added. The iutelligeut visitor put on the track can work out the situation.' 