llta sine Uteris mom eat. BAnCALDINE, TUESDAY, AUGUST 16,1898. Reducing the Rents. THAT very interesting magazine pub lished by Messrs. Dalgety & Co. con tains «t supplement embodying a full report of the appeal by the lessee of Thargomindah and Norley runs against the rents fixed by the Land Board at the re-assessment of rents for stations in the south-western portion of Queens land. His Honor, Mr. Justice Cooper, ?with two assessors, heard the case, and after a long and careful investigation reduced the rents of the run in ques tion from 19s. per square mile, the Board's decision, to the minimum of 10s. per mile. As upon the result of the appeals the revenue to the State would naturally be considerably affected, the Crown sent to inspect the runs not only their own experts, but experts from New South Wales, and retained the services of Mr. Edwin Lilley with Mr. Wilson, to conduct the case in Court. The Board's assess ment was made in August, 1897. For the previous seven years the rent was fixed at 19s. per mile. The Government assessor recommended it should be raised to 28s. per mile, but the Board determined not to make an increase, but to assess the rental at the same amount as the lessees paid during the previous term. Mr. Gibson based his assessment on the assumption that the country would carry 28 head of cattle to the square mile at the rate of one shilling per head. Mr. Woodbine, the New South Wales expert, formed a conclusion that a fair rent for the country would be £1 Is. 4^d. per mile, and this was also the assessment arrived at by Mr. Palmer, a squatter, also from New South Wales, sent by the Queensland Government to inspect and report on the run. Mr. Rogers Harrison assessed the rental at 19s. 6d. per square mile. # . * # * For the lessee important evidence was given by Mr. Powell, formerly owner of Thargomindah, Mr. Army tage, the present lessee, and Mr. Brierly, the present manager of the run, and who for sixteen years lived on Norley, managing that run for Mr. Armytage. Mr. Brierly estimated the present carrying capacity at eight head cattle per mile, and that the country had deteriorated considerably daring the last six years, owing to droughts, bushfires, and rabbits. Mr. Powell has known Thargomindah for the last 26 years. In 1878 he joined Mr. Armytage in the ownership of the run. Jt was then carrying nine head to the mile, and the new partner wished to put ten or eleven head to the mile. Mr. Powell refused to do this because his experience was the country could not safely carry more. Mr. Powell bought the run for £133,000, aud he sold out for the same sum. In other words his capital was invested for 15 years and he never got a penny out of it. As showing the depreciation in values Mr. Powell asserted that in 1888 cattle stations could be sold for £4 per head, but in 1891 he sold out for £2 per head. The evidence of Mr. Armytage was a record of disaster from droughts, de preciation in values, and finally from rabbits. In addition to paying a Rabbit Board Tax of 3s. 6d. per mile, aud a Marsupial Tax of 9d. per mile, £600 a year was spent iu distributing phos phorous from carts to poison the rabbits. Then the price of cattle dropped from £7 per head in Sydney, in 1888, to £3 10s. in 1895. The out look was very dismal under any cir cumstances, and he would have thrown up the country long ago only that he had so much money invested in it. In fact, the whole argument of the unfortunate lessees iu all this district is that they are holding on hopiug for better times. They cannot sell their property, aud it is only with most care ful and economical management that the lessee can pay interest on the sale of cattle. The evidence given all through is similar to that with which we arc familiar at the Land Board Courts held in the west. But Judge Cooper seems to hold opinions con siderably more liberal than those of the Land Board. Messrs. Sword and Tully have always interpreted the celebrated sub-sections in the Act as the only basis for determining rents, but Judge Cooper puts a much more common sense interpretation on these sub-sections, and it was this which en abled him to reverse the decision of the Land Board in a manner more in consonance with the position of the unfortunate lessees who have been struggling so long and so manfully against the accumulated misfortunes of drought, depression, and undue taxation. ***** Judge Cooper said the Land Board at present seemed to have no rule at all for determining rents, and their assessments were merely ^ness work. To him it seemed that rents ought to be fixed according to the value of the property; and to ascertain the value of the property it would be necessary to find out what could be made out of the property as income. When this was ascertained the rent could be assessed without difficulty. It is clear that the Act intended the value of the holding to be taken into consideration, because it enacts that with respect to the rent for the Becond and third periods, the relative value of the hold ing at the time of assessment as com pared with the value of the holding at the time of the commencement of the lease. Therefore, His Honor has stated definitely thiB rule for guidance: "Ascertain what net annual income ought to be made from the holding under capablc management by a reason able prudent and experienced grazier, putting the land to the most profitable use with a proper and reasonable ex penditure of money in improvements and stock, and by selling the produce to the best advantage." That estimate to be made according to the sub-sec tions of the Act. The most profitable use of the laud did not mean that the lessee was obliged to substitute sheep for cattle or ostriches for sheep or turn the run into a camel-breeding station, or use it as a farm for angora goats. The land would only require to be put to the most profitable use under the circumstances which obtained in Queensland at the time. The judge 6eems to have relied considerably more upon the evidence of the men who had resided on the ruus for sixteen and twenty- five years, than upon the evi dence given by the experts sent up especially to inspect, and there is cer tainly more reliance to be placed upon the statement of the man who for a number of years has stocked country according to his experience, than the casual visitor, who, for a few days, rides over the run and states off-hand what is in his opinion its carrying capacity. The evidence then, by the appellants, satisfied the Court that the income to be derived from the runs was a certain sum, of which a propor tion should be paid to the Government in rent, but as that was below the minimum fixed by the Act, the 10s. per mile was the rent fixed by the judge and assessors. This satisfactory settlement of the question will doubt less influence in the future the deter mination of rentals elsewhere, not only with x-egard to stations, but to grazing farms upon which the rents have to be fixed for the second periods of the leases. 