RURAL TOPICS. . Oppressively hot weather has been ex perienced this week, reports from all parts of the colony telling of a high range of tem perature. Harvesting operations are now in full swing, and, except in the mallee, where the crops have failed badly, the wheat re turns are fairly satisfactory. The oat crop is generally light, and barley yields are poor, while at the same time the grain is very thin, though of good colour. Over the whole of the northern districts, where dairy ing is practised, the milk yields are shrink ing daily, on account of the parched condi tion of tie pastures. In the coast districts the heat- wave, has done a good deal of damage to the grass, by causing it to dry up, and a reduction of the output of butter fac tories may, in consequence, be expected. . Bush-fires have already begun, and unless j great precautions are exercised, much damage is likely to be caused before the end of the summer, as there is a consider able quantity of dry grass in most localities. The Government experimental bore at Bando Station struck a flow of 2J million gallons of water daily at a depth of 1,000ft. The shipments of butter during the cur* rent season amounted to 52,000 boxes, re presenting 1,300 tons. It is estimated that at the close-of the year the exports will exceed that of 18W, when 80,000 boxes were shipped. Some months ago the Ministers of Agri culture for Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia agreed, on behalf of their respective colonies, to bear the expense of bringing Dr. Koch, the well known German bacteriologist, to Australia, for the purpose of investigating the tick disease among cattle in Queensland, which has caused such destruction amongst the herds there, and which threatened to be come a serious menace to cattle in these colonies- The New South Wales Govern ment, on behalf of the other colonies, wrote to the distinguished scientist, asking on what terms he would visit Australia, and, according to a letter received yesteniay by Mr. Taverner, the Minister of Agriculture, from the Premier of the mother colony, Dr. Koch has replied, stating that owing to bis being engaged by the German Government for a considerable time, he could not cotne to Australia for several months, and, as he feared the inquiry could not be deferred till then, he had reluctantly to decline the invitation. A report on an outbreak of strawberry mildew at Yarra Glen has been furnished to the secretary for Agriculture by Mr. M'Alpine, the Government vegetable pathologist. He says that it is similar to the hop mildew in Great Britain, and tbat it thrives in either wet or dry weather, the former, however, with a certain amount of heat, being most favourable to it Plants were affected both on the flats and on the hills. The disease appears first on the leaves, causing them to look dull and curl. up as if suffering from want ot water. It attacks the fruit as soon as it is formed, covering it with a dirty white powder. He , recommends good drainage and thorough cultivation, since the disease may pass from various weeds to the cultivated plants. Young plants Bhould only be taken from healtiiy stock. Where the mildew has made its appearance sulphur should be dusted on the plants at appropriate times, so as to kill the aeiicate. threads ot the fungus, care being taken to reach the lower surface of the leaves. The soil -should -be dressed1 -with lime,' and Che beds should be mown I dry. Spraying with Bordeaux mixture in the early stages, before the fruit appears, is also recommended. In his report to the Queensland Minister of Agriculture, Dr. Hunt, of Hughenden, states that he has discovered a method of multiplying the micro- organism of tick, but the discovery is more of scientific than of practical value. Dr. Hunt, of Hughenden, who has been investigating the tick disease, states that in Hughenden the tick pest seems to be passing away, and some stations are re stocking. It is believed that the red water disease is abating in the Gulf district, though ticks are etill numerous there. The conscience of the farmer should pre vent him selling the milk from sick cows. There is nothing that seems to carry infec tion surer than diseased milk. The fluid ib i a perfect medium for the multiplying of , disease germs. The farmer would not think of using such milk himself, and he should be equally as careful not to sell it to others, even when it is to be taken to the city and sold to customers that will never know the difference. Latest harvest reports from Tamworth show that the average wheat yield for that district is 24 bushels to the acre, the quality being the best for many seasons, i Sydney buyers are eagerly buying at the association millers' price, or its Tamworth equivalent, though there appears to be no desire to offer a higher figure. -The^rmerr, think that the Current price for wheat is too low, and that the market is bound to harden in the near future. This year's wool clip in Hawke's Bay (says the "Pahiatua Herald") is the finest on record, on many runs going 15 per cent, more in weight than last year, while its con dition is perfect. Against this has to be set feai-s for winter, as if rain does not fall soon there will be no winter feed. Already all hope of a hay crop has been abandoned, except in a few low-lying paddocks on the plains, and it is useless to sow turnips until there has 1 een a good fall of rain. The hills are as bare and as brown as in autumn, and yet we are only in the first month of summer. The American Department of Agriculture in its November report estimates the aver age yield of the maize crop at 23.7 bushels er acre, as compared with last year's 27.3, ut does not give the acreage. Statistician Brown, of the New York Produce Ex change, however, estimates the crop, on the basis of the report, at 1,898,251,000 bushels, which may be compared with 2,283,875,000 bushels, last year's official reckoning. The average yield mentioned is low as compared with that of Victoria, where crops of from 80 to 90 bushels per acre of maize are not uncommon in districts where attention is given to the cultivation of this corn. The balance-sheet of the irrigation trust up to 30th June last shows that; the trust owed its bankers and workmen six months ago £8,697, and this indebtedness is about £3,000 more now. The income from rates is about £1,000 per month, and the pre sent expenditure nearly £340 more, so that the present drift is upwards of £4,000 per annum. Of the loan granted by the last Mildura Loan Act, the trust's bank over draft and the new putnp at Nicholl's Point will absorb roughly £15,COO, leaving less than £30,000 for improvements'of channels and other works, and it is douhted whether the saying resulting from such improvements will equal the interest to be paid upon the whole loan. Next y$ac's pumping will be aided by a grant of £2,000 from the Go vernment, and the economies reach a similar amount, and the trust officials claim that in this way the whole drift will be arrested. Poor care and inexcusable negligence are i much bigger factors in wearing out horses (writes an American agricultural journal) than hard work. No class of horses has harder work than the racehorse, and yet racehorses enjoy a much longer average of life than horses of any other class. In many other branches of service to man, the horse receives little of the attention needful to health and often, through pure laziness, is deprived of the opportunity of enjoying the rest to which he is entitled. At the noon hour he is often compelled to stand at his feed in an uncomfortable stall with all his harness on him. and in the evening is himed in or Out, often wet with perspira tion, and'with his hide full of dust, to go ungroomed until morning. There is no economy in any indolence, and the in dolence that is hurtful to so valuable a servant of roan as the horse is as extrava gant as it is inhuman. The hackneys scored a great victory at the Chicago Horse Show (writes the "Live Stock Journal") in one of the stiffest com petitions that has probably ever taken place. The breed- was grouped among the coach horses, and iiH:he champion struggle for the best coach horse had to compete with the pick of the French coachers, French trotters, and German coachers. This they did successfully, and won the trophy amid enthusiastic applause. The winner was Messrs. Graham s seven-year old horse Royal Standard 3918, and a curious circumstance is that this hackney, which beat the representatives of all the finest coaching breeds in the world, was bred by Mr. B. H. Lane, at Rush-hall Farm, Limavady, Ireland, being got by Ex celsior 198, and out of the inspected mare Royal Lady 379. This achievement by an Irish-bred hackney surely proves to the hilt the contention of those who maintain that there is a great sphere of usefulness for the hackney in Ireland. The "Cable" has the following sensible remarks on the subject of overfeeding sows: -"It is a mistake to liberally feed an ani mal, before parturition, that has a large udder and is liable to store up a good deal of milk. It is, in fact, more dangerous with sows than with cows, as there is no way to draw the milk, and milk fever is usually the result. When a eow is left to follow her own instinct, she will hardly leave her nest for a day or two after her pigs are born, except to get a drink, and this is all she really requires, and for a week such a BOW, which is naturally a deep milker, should not receive a food that would in crease her milk flow above what the pigs, are able to take care of. A little observa tion would soon discern this. A week or more before farrowing it ie well to give a eow daily some roots or raw potatoes and clover hay, and if there are any syrne to ward constipation give her some rawlinseed oil in her feed, from a spoonful tt> a tea cupful, as the case may require. They take 1 it lcindlv, aud it will be round productive I of the Dest results. Withhold at such Ltimei oonoeatrated ly&dfo; &uk; ' from a feverish sow is hurtful to the dln^ tive organs of the pigs. They seldom a9| well unless the sow is taken in hand and restored to healthy conditions at once." An offer (we learn from the "Consular Journal") has been made by a prominent British manufacturer to join others in the establishment of a factory in Algeria for the making of paper from Esparto' grass. The project is the outcome of an article which was previously published in the "Journal." The grass grows -well in Al geria, labour is cheap and plentiful, and i everything is in favour of the success of the, undertaking. . Twenty per cent, of the whole cattle in I the world suffer from tuberculosis, a disease which is readily conveyed to man consum ing meat or milk where the beast yielding j the same has been seriously affected. - Yet J with this terrible fact perfectly well known, jit is extraordinary that so much apathy ; exists on the subjecti The filthy conditions, . too, under which cows are often kept are re ' sponsible for a good deal of typhoid and , diphtheria. | As showing what low prices are ruling for store sheep at the present time in conse j quence of the scarcity of feed, it may be mentioned (writes the "CanterburyTimes") I that at the Ashburton saleyards on De I cember 7 a line of about 100 merino ewes changed hands at 5Jd. each, and it is said i that they were taken to feed pigs. At l another country sale, 1/ per dozen was the i best offer for some aged merino ewes, which, however, was not accepted. The "London Gazette" gives a return showing the counties in Great Britain wherein sheep scab existed during the month of October, with die number of fresh outbreaks reported during that month. The number of fresh outbreaks reported was 104, which occurred in 24 counties in England, 10 in Wales, five in Scotland. The disease existed : during the month in 34 counties and divi sions in England, 10 in Wales, and eight in Scotland. | In Oregon the Angora goat industry is i growing in favour. Recently a . buyer, travelled, through several counties trying | to buy stock animale forliis range, but found owners too well pleased with their ex perience to sell off any of their stock. A i writer to "Rural North-west" says that the ; flesh, when placed on the market as mutton, sells readily, and buyers return calling for j [ "mutton like that I cot before." The I wethers can be profitably kept until nine or | ten years old for their fleece. | Messrs. Sutherland Bros., of Wimmera i park, Glenorchy, have (says the "Stawell News") just harvested 60 acres of oats, sown on land fertilised with Thomas's phosphate manure, used at the rate of lcwt. per acre. Last year only a trifle over 5cwt. of oats per acre wae taken from the eame land, no manure being used, and Messrs. Sutherland Bros., being dissatisfied with the result, ob tained three tons of the above-named phos phate, with the result that this year the yield is exceedingly heavy, slightly over two tons per acre, the crop standing from 4Jft. to 51ft. j The Swedes pursue their agricultural | studies in a very thorough way. The prin cipal agricultural college is at Alnarp, which ! is within easy reach of Malmo. There are j seven divisions. In the higher division the j course extends over two years, and the i students pay for instruction, board, and : lodging during that period £175. In the i lower division the course is from one to two years, and consists principally of prac tical work and development. A great many I of the students in this division get their i education free. This college has a yearly 1 grant from the_Government of £2,080, but! j it also receives large subscriptions from the j various agricultural societies. In the ! higher division the range of subjects is very . comprehensive, including as it does such . thijigs as fish culture and architecture, to i say nothing of most of the "ologies." ^ The much maligned sparrow has found an i unexpected champion in France, of all ' countries, in the person of M. Meline, the Prime Minister. French farmers, like our ? own, have been waging war against the sparrow, and his death-warrant was issued : by the council-general of the Seine. But, before signing it, M. Meline ordered a pre liminary inquiry. The results are chronicled ; in a voluminous dossier, which quite con : firms the favourable opinion already formed ! by M. Sedillot, inspector-in-chief of forests, 1 from his own independent knowledge. This I official, we are told, holds that the maligned bird is the victim of ignorance, prejudice, and, above all, of gluttony on the part of his accusers. So far from condemnmg the sparrow, M. Meline and M. Sedillot are disposed to take measures for ensuring the increase of the species. An annual statement showing the world's wheat crop raised this autumn has been is sued by Mr. Broomhall. The tota} ppp-., duction in Europe, reckoning the Bnb&l; crop at practically the same quantity as the last, is put at 140,000,000 quarters, com pared with 185,000,000 in the previous year, which was the average crop. Compared with the so-callcd famine year of 1891 the deficiencv amounts to 10,000,000 quar-1 ters. North and South America he reckons as htLving produced 93,000,000 quar ters, of'which- the State raised 74,000,000,' compared with 59,000,000 last year. The total production of the Americans in 1891 was 101,000,000. Asia, Africa, and Aus tralasia are reckoned as having produced Bomewhat in excess of the preceding year, but fully 11,000,000 less than in 1891. The world's * total 'production is given at 278.000,000 quarters, compared with 298,000,000 in 1896, 309,000,000 in 1895, 320,000,000 in 1894, 314,000,000 in 1893, 305,000,000 in 1892, and 308,000,000 in 1891. If it be found impracticable to carry the flood waters of the Murray by gravitation into the mallee near Lake Tyrrell, recourse will have to be had to a number of tanks a. few miles apart for a supply for domestic and stock purposes. The mallee consists of rolling country, but the depressions are not deep, and the inclines or banks are not high, but by contouring them with a plough furrow they make suitable catchment areas. In 1895 an act was passed, at the instance of the Turner Government, setting aside £3,000 to the Borung shire, £1,000 to the Swan Hill shire, £3,000 to the Castle Don nington shire, £800 to the Dimboola shire, and £500 to both the Karkarooc and Wycheproof shires, to enable the councils to construct tanks in the mallee. Over £4,000 has been emended out of these fcmounts, and the balance of the money is available at any time for the councils named to proceed with such works. In terest has to be paid on the laati and a wilnijHAjftHfaM levy a water rate on those bene ...--.he construction of tie tank*. In etep^muicil neglects or refuses to repay " TrcasumBoard of Land and Works can - the coun^|plIect a water rate, or the ment. ^(^hhold any money due to ,^Lthe municipal endow Cows, to do good condition. ^ temptation when f^^ be kept in cows on short ration, j t~ '? the expense of tie milk*|C.T,H £!?/ thi i touches the pocket of the«olt-j^ayJ ,|® \- y ^ . ^Louickly \- A pioneer cattle-nian of IdaMk speaking of the cattle situation tnm. there are hardly one-tenth the numW cattle in Idaho "as during the flush few years ago, and owing to encroachmflm of eheep-men, who are ~ fcrowding inro" western ranges, he does not think there will be any more large herds in that country. Eastern buyers have scoured the country time and again this summer looking for stock cattle, hence a large part of the sale ablestcckis out of the hands of first owners, and the run from Idaho will be small as compared with former years. A large area of the Thome Estate at Katandra (writes the "Shepparton News") was cultivated on the share system this year, with results satisfactory to all con cerned. Mr. J. H. Potteuper is one of the profit sharers, and portion of the wheat crop put in by him has yielded five bags per acre, and he calculates upon getting an all-round average of four bags. Air. Thomas's returns are equally satisfactory, and though the gentlemen named appear to have been the most fortunate of those who accepted Mr. Thome's terms, we are informed that in every instance the yields obtained show a substantial profit on the venture. There are several causes for forging (writes "Coleman's Rural World"), viz., carrying the head low; horse being allowed to shuffle along, and not kept well in hand. Another cau6e is too long toes forward, or general elevation of the entire forward feet; also too much action behind. The first thing is to quicken and elevate the forward action. To do this, lower and shorteu toes. Have the quarters and heels thicker than the toes. To lessen the action behind, use a long shoe and small calks. It may be that the forward feet have been allowed to grow long and high. In the event of too much feet forward, the horse is very liable to foi'M. Keep the feet reduced, and that of itself may correct the fault. The German margarine law, which came into operation on October 1, 1897, does not prohibit the manufacture and sale of the products; but states clearly that the manufacture of artificial butter, cheese, and laid must be subjected to official super vision. Police inspectors may enter the premises* at any time during business hours to take samples; any information required by them must be given. The inspectors are bound under oath not to divulge any secrets of the trade. In places where the goods are retailed, notices that such goods are on sale must be conspicuously displayed. Vessels containing them must also bear a visible designation. The mixture of but ter or "butter-lard" with margarine or other fats is prohibited. The manufacture, storage, package, and sale of artificial fata is prohibited upon premises where butter is manufactured, stored, packed, or sold. | T he law is not applicable to such artificial ! fats as are not intended for human con I sumption. The Federal _ Council is em j powered to prohibit the sale of butter of j which the fat constituents do not attain a certain standard. New facts about cow feeding hnve been learned by a remarkable experiment con ducted by Director Jordan at the New York station, the results of which, soon to be published, will make a sensation. Se lecting a good Jersey cow, and getting her in proper shape for the test, he fed her for 60 days with prepared foods that contained practical1?,' no fat. Everything that she consumed was weighed and analysed, also the milk and all the excrement, solid and liquid. The figures show that this cow gave in her milk 401b. more fat than she consumed, while she added 301b. to her weieht, and was in a good, thrifty, fleshy condition at the close. This indicates that the vital force in the cow has the ability to convert sugar and starch in the feed into fat. Should this fact be confirmed by re peated tests, it mav upset some of the ac cepted theories about balanced rations. Indeed, some of the intelligent western feeders contend that they get loetter results by feeding their cheap corn, grain, or meal, with corn fodder-a ration that is quite deficient in protein or nitrogenous matter, though rich in fat-than they do when a wiftl-b^lanced ration is given. Now, if a eow'cah convert starchy elements into fat, as Joedai^ believes, why may she not in crease the',per cent, of solids in her milk, fttclrdifrg $£ her food is varied? The fact is {says the "American Agriculturist"), we are beginning to find out that processes eomg on in the "innards" of a cow are , , /earfully and wonderfully made," and but .little understood. - . Referring to the -development of wool growing in the Argentine Republic, the \- Amei^can Agriculturist" remarks:-"For years a most important competitor as a wool producer, Argentina shows no mate rial increase in development, if the opinion of the U.S.-Minister Buchanan holds good. In an official report recently made public he expresses the belief that the probable maximum production or wool has been nearly reached by that South American Re-* public. He bas^s his belief, among other things, on the fact that large quantities of live stock and frozen mutton are annually exported to Europe, and that owing to the profitable attention given to the production of cattle for export, sheep husbandry is somewhat neglected. Wool exports from Argentina reached their maximum in '95, 201,00 tons, an increase from 109,000 tona^^ in '87,. and 97,000 tons 20 years ago. ports in '96 are returned at 188,000 toi& l and '07 movement approximately the same.^1 Nearly all of this goes to Europe. Twenty ^ years ago less than 3 per cent, of Argen- 1 tina's wool exports came, direct to the U.S.» tId in '95 this was 6 per C£nt,, and in .*90 S jper/® cent.; of course itioi#less Arj^ntmft<f§ wool consigned JCjon^on anctxoys W ^ eventually pu^aBe^ ior Ator"' sumption. It I of the total A^gentiBttv«lip J coin" wool. Argentina Wool, Boston at a freight ra^ -M * 100lb. by sailing veaeel# aiidM' or relatively much cheaper : by bur railroads for much wool fihippftl to tttreCQ 