A Disastrous Bush Fire. GREAT DESTRUCIION OF GRASS AND, FENCING. The heavy smoke with which the atmos phere between Ipswich and Rosewood was laden last Saturday morning indicated that a bush-fire of considerable magnitude had taken place. Such was indeed the case, as property-holders between Rosewood and \Walloon know to their cost. Thie greatest sufferor, so far as we can learn, was Mr. James O'Shea, whose loss has been estim ated, at the least, at £100. With the spell of dry weather which has recently been ex perienced, thile grass was almost like tinder, so it is no wonder tlhat the fire spread rapidly. Some person was engaged in burning a dead cow on the rifle range re serve near Rosewood about midday on Fri day, and fromn hlere it is reported, the fire started. Carried by the westerly wind which was blowing, it spread very fast. After proceeding about 50 yards a 1200 acre paddock connected with the Moorlands Estate, which is leased by Mr. James O'Shea, was enterad by the consumer and almost devastated, a mere strip, some 20yds. or 30yds, wide, along the Northern fence, being all thalt was saved from the devouring Clames, and this only by the strenuous efforts of a number ofi willing workers. On this property Mr. O'Shen had between 200 and 300 head of stock depasturing, many of them cows in calf. Close on 100 of these were covered by lthe flames, and it was only by galloping and breaking down the fence that their owner managed to free them. A great proportion of time fencing along the eastern boundary of this property was de- I stroyed. At Mr. J. Kelly's place, the hIouse was in danger for a while, and steps were being taken to shift, but fortunately these proved to bie unnecessary. Mrs. Smith's property was pretty welil swept, as was Mr. P. O'Shea's *wer paddock. The paddocks of Mr. 8. IIamill and other property-holders in the vicinity were severely tre.ated. On Friday night thle fire, which had then extended for a dis tance of four or five miles, had reached Dottomley's paddock. By some it was re ported to have "jumped" the Bremer Creek, and, judging by some of the remarkable " sprints" it made, it seems quite possible that it did so. Serious losses in fencing lhave been sustained by several hIolders, and to cattle-owners the destruection of grass will be a very heavy blow, particularly nt this period. Later information is to the effect that the fire did actually get across the creek, and was raging in O'Su.livan's paddock. The grass grew almost down to the water in some places near thle Seven-mile Bridge, and here it was that the fire crossed the water. Men were engaged along the road on thle Ipswich side of timhe stream fighting the flames, so that they should not cross the Toowoomba road. Bad they done so, Ebenezer and Mount Waker would have been in danger, more particularly as the wind on Saturday afternoon was blowing from the north-east. On the western side of the creek several of the logs forming the old road were burning, thus endangering the main Moorlands paddocks. A great number of cattle and horses had sought a haven of refuge in the Seven- mile Swamp, which was swarming with live stook. 