ST. JOHN'S CHUnCH, HEATHCOTE. Un Thursday the 17th a hat vest festival was celebrated in the above church, the serman being preached by the Venerable Archdeacon Langley. As the dona tios of sheaves had been especially liberal the decorators of the church, with the assistance of huge glossy pumpkins, and an abundance of apples, pears, peaches and flowers were able to produce a tout ensemble rarely to be seen. There was not one available and conspicuous spot in the edifice that was not occupied by some trophy of vege table nature to the great pleasure of the beholders eye In day light the glorious chancel window which is a marvel of good taste, somewhat marred the beautiful decorations in the chancel, but at nights the lights hein within, the beholder could sate his eye with beautiftl effects. The Church was crowded to its utmost capacity and besides churchmen a number of representatives of other denominations assembled in the sacred fane. The choir rendered the usual harvest hymns and psalms with precision and energy, IMr G. Christie presiding at the organ. Tihe text of the Venerable Archdeacon was taken from the ninth chapter of Isial, verse three " They joy before thee accorr ding to thejoy:in harvestL!. :VWe woildd give a precis of this sermon but such a numube attended to hear the words froni the lips of the preacher that we would not be convoying news to a large *e6tion 6f the public and also might possibly fail to do justice to the vigorous appeal from the p:ilpit to draw moral and religious lessons fron corn and fruit. On Sunday the festival was continued the Rev. John Carriiigton being the. preacher to very numerous congregations. In tle afternoon a children's service was held in the church, at evensong the ser vice was rendered chorally by the choir. It is st-ange that the ladies of St. John's do not form a Decorating Guild. If they produce such rare effects without organization what wonder could be done with organization. If a Decorating Guild existed we should expect to see the church in the future still more res plendent (if possible) than it was at this 'festival. SEnROUs ILLtESs.- We are sorry to state that Mr Ernest Binder, who ar rived the week before last -to relieve as teacher, Miss Faye, of the Wappentake School, and IMliss M'Kenzie, of the Major's Line School, is suffering from a severe attack of pneumonia and other serious complications, the result of a severe chill contracted in the train on the journey from Melbourne to Heatih cotle DONATION? TO HOSPITAL.-The War der begs to acknowledge with thanks, the receipt of a large parcel of old linen from Mrs G: W. Robinson, and fruit and vegetables from Church of England VISIT OF THE MINISTER OF LANDS.--It is the inrention of the Minister of Lands, accompanied by Di Embling and the members for the district to visit Heath cote on February 2Sth to inspect the land unider 32nd section, in connection with which matter aj?g?puteat?c~i recentj uite"Ou'onim ?c'- a:aung resmieits-drlhe district intend giving a complimentary banquet at the Heathcote Hotel, March lst at which the President of the Shire will pre side. Messrs H. D. Thominas and H. Bradihaw have been- appointed.. joint Secretaries: to arrange, matters in con nection therewith, to whom 'application for tickets may be'made, a limited supply oiil bei available. . - ATio Price PHENOMENON -The Dtinedii correspondent of the Argus writes a follows :--" A curious atmos pherie p enom'non excited considerable interest ? the southern portion -of the colony o the 9th inst. From 'Clirist church t thisBluff the day w.s gloomy and over ist, with what appeared to be the smol of bushfires. which. at: times seemed t be travelling quite loi: :The atmosph, a was electical, and the suin, when no obscured, ,presented the " pa pearance f a ball of fire, and at tiies' a iul' bal [of copper., .A fierce gale was bwing most places. A heavy down pour o rain seemed immuiei : ntevery minute, ut it wias iot till in the: after noon tlb a simart shower fell It :wiis iioticed in au)?plahes that clothes h?ng out to d inverc suilide ahmost blaci kUy thli rain lThe suimise is that tiiclootn and slip re-were :th'e sesult ofbhush ;:.fires in -`Aust :dieia, the sismoke having ;beenl carried_ roe £he Ta-men' Seas IrminDn's GxAL. -The United Ancient Older of d)ruids notify in our advertise ment columuns that they intend holding their twenty-ninth grand annual demon stration on Easter Saturday, April 9th, and Easter Monday, April 11th, in the Friendly Societies Gardens, Melbourne, during the day, and in the :Towli Hall, Melbourne, during the: cvening. They are deternmined this year. to excel all former demonstrations. and are giving away L2,500 in prizes. The events in the sports programme will be "contested on Eastor Saturday and Easter Monday, in' the ::Friendly' 1Societies' Girdens, where there is the finest bieycle track in Australia.. ..Over; L400 vill be givein in prizes for bicycle and athletic sports, in= .cliding the Druids' great'wheel .race-a' two-mile liandicap, open to all comers. with a L200 prize : a. Druids' Clip, three miles, L75, &e; &e.; On Easter Saturdaiy anid Easter Monday: evenings: in the Town Hall, Melbourne a'. grand intercolonial band conitest will be held, for which L O05 in prizes is. offered; On Saturday, April 23rd, the drawing for the great art union- will take place at the Hibcrniana Hall, .bit only. the tickets actuilly sold will have a chance in this art union, and every, ticlket pur chased. will have -an . equial, chance; Whether ..sel for admissioni or not. Ther re are,1.5.goldef: prizes, the first 23Coz. lvt. 10 gr, ,f 22=caratb old; actually worth Li,000 :lThe wiiming numbers. will be: ipublished tlirouglout the colony, arid the prizes deliveredL free of charge.. The tickets are only one shilling each, and as the nluimber printed will be limited it is advisable that. early. purchases should he made.: , The lpro ceeds will be . distributed amongst ithe hospitals and public charities In pro portion to the tickets sold in each dis trict, and this latter feature alone shiould induce our readers to assist in making this great demonstration a huge success. EIGH' t Hous D.AY.--iie always popular Art Union.in connection with I the anniversary of Eight lHours Day I in Melbourne, which takes place .this year on Thursday, 21st April, is announced in our advetrising colunmls. Phis will be the forty-second cele bration of the estblishnient of thi system which enioiins " Eight. hours" labour, eight hours recreation. and 1 eight hours rest," and the committeo have already made such arrangenient in eohnetion with the iete in the Friendly\?Societies Gardeus as to ensure ,omplete success. It i somewhat early to enter into details of tlh.splrts programme, but it may he stated that it will contain a number of excep tionally attractive events in various classes, for which farge prizs will le offered. The tirst priz. iu the Art' Union .is of the abso;nle vuilne of £1,000, the second prize £200), and the third £100, ind there are 127 other prizes of v,'ri"us valies. Special attention is directeil to tle impor:ant fact th:at every ticket actially soul,, and no oth"'.s, will have 'a ch:InceB in tile Art U.iion, wh ch will bae lrawn publicly on tlih eve iog of S ttir.lyv, the 30th Ap|ril, indi; duily adveurtiied. The ticketi a e-tlhm usual price-" ilhe iimble slilliing"-di the n iiv Ib. purchased in-ev ry town in tile colony, or direct .fron tim'th S'rretary,:. Mr Ciarle?sa irriit le tl Trades' Hill, [Mllbouru'e. It slAhuld like t mintioiled that e''very ticket jiurolii:Fed will have en equatl chlnoe' in; the .Art Union drawing, whether tiell for adinissioun o tihn Fete in Melloturnee or int.' .On thi. occasion tle iproceeds of the under takiinu will be distri>'ute.d amongt the charitlale i. instiitiuii of the cllony, am l it is' uticiipa:itel tiit tliit eexcelle.it If'ture will liar the effect (if indniiineg the linhlic to piirchase the Eilght lHo'ir Art Union ticket, with even greater, eagerness thali hitherto. Tim PurLLoxER-. QUESTION.--An interview took p'ace on Tuesday between the Minister of Agriculture and thle Viticulture Boarnin suhjects affeting the wine industry. 'The chief point' mentioned was the treatment-of phyllox era infested vines, "The board placed before the Minister a resolution in favor of obolishingf comipensation for the des tructioil of vines, and recommended the uprooting of diseased vines without any compensation,i leaving clean plants in the ground, taking carb to protect themi and promotirg the use of- American resistant.stocks. M7r Taverner replied, fnlly agrceiing with these views. He shid he had a bill prepared for the con sideration of the Cabinet drafted on those lines to give effect to the whole schemec: He had obtained 50,000 resis tant vines from France, and these would shortly reach Me.lbourne. WIRE N?ETTjo.--A consignment of 20 tons of wire netting has just been rceeivecd by the. Shire Council from' Germany. It is for distribution under the Wire Netting Loan Act amongst those entitled to loans. The net price of the wire is L18 15s per mile on the trucks at Spencer Street. Itaippears to be of ecellent uolitf,. , ..' IANTiHfl:AX IN uikEEP.-l Anthlra Is one of the moast quickly fatal disyaees to which sheep are suhjected ,ad fl ?i:k masters must always hold themselves in readiness to deal: with an aittack. The first svmptomis of the diseaise are red eyes and swolleni molith, and tehneil shortness of bireath If ait this .sia;?n the animal is drenched withla shln:in of epsom salts, 4 oz f. the ?:Isuls -?;ng ;dissoli ed in hidf I plint' of coli w ter, there may be hopes of recovery. Ten grairis of quinine niay be iven oiie hobrafter and repeated in six: hours. This is convenien ly ~ven. in a :li ttle ioatmeial ~iinel nd poured dows -die tlhroat. The swollen palrts of the shotilders or fl?nks may be rubbed with cai?nlihorated spirit. TiE Ain.vn LR'AEoDIES.-The Arnir:rt corresponiidelnt -of tihe Heratl reports:--TIe adjourne inquest on 'lhorins iM'Donald, found nmurdeoed in lis hut at VrWrayrsilin, was rasumed ysterd iy noiirin, but on thie appl'ic timn nftIe police was postponed until Frida ntr f6le inquest on the bIody :of the sl-lector Fredmi ? , who was fii iidil deid it li n s t;;apparnn:ly fionm 1oi01n, will also:le Ionisamneod ii t!ie aim:e iay when;:: iiS ei:petedl tht i some i?nipo: ftiit en lnpte'lts wiill . be dis 'la-el~u rele ar ýto tuth~&ewes;, 1)EATU ',F SIt A NDhoaW IINSOF.- - The Numurl.ha LewId,' s: :-Quitei Ta mloon was cs't uvr.{ a ga and the ailjaiet dlistrict ot Suid ?d wn? the ( lnews spread thatl rl kr J rhnstiO n, an old and touchi relqYI Ctl esident of that locality, hid ,me lhisa eath in ai terriblen sudden ,ati 'dolu t manner. I Ilie facts are .very rip nil .simple. a Oni Snuday iinoriiog . u natoi rode t out to traiimfer soinle itrt inetir lne of a his frnims' to anothe ' en tassing s by anu pen gate onr ohn :Hend'?s I is'm thlie cattle ran r igh into the t padldock: Mr John od fulltiwed to tiurn them back; hi ?o surface of thel ? ound ihad been n ered slippery I by thei late rains. d in matking. a I harp tnurn. ihe miar hi wtas riding l slipped ,.id fell. IThl roin'tinate mmani Was uiable to fr i freom the tirrup, hut lih retai ad his hold oni the briddle, and wh'ir tl a mare rose was able to pull herd wnl aain.. Bat: in her. eecond struggl J. regain her feet, alm tore awea le reins, anid lhyin . at the suspended ' re, galloped elfdraggiug Mr Jolns b along?heid ilownrwards.. After car iD for some two hundred yards thel irnp leath er leather broke. anl th :t liriralyalil .io loaketi rushed towards jiv? e the? bvdy ayli in an iisensille he ip. Rit life was alirady eitinct, the neck king btikeni. was thdu to this:cause. It is ;i pui?licir tinucirdeice th;at snnme few" weeks ago MtE Johnston was . thrown: fromm" his btirsea n nesily the same sr spot,; and was stunned. The remaini were iinterred o Monday afternoon in the Numontirkah enmetmery, the large cortege showling the esteem andi respect in which., the deceiised was held. ,Mr A. Johnston was born in Londonderry, Ireland, in 1850, so at the time of liis .death was 4 'years 'of age f-le. came out to Australia in the ":Moining. Lightl" .35 years ago. Mr and Mrs T.' Scilley, were passengers by thum saeie hot.i,:;the latter being Mr Johlinston's sister. After trying his lack iat' Spring Creek and Bendign, lie and Mr Scilley took nio Ihnd at Major's Line, near Helathcote. lhile residing there he was .tidried to Miss Marston, sister oft' r F. Mlarston, sister' of Mr B. Marston, of this joirual. i'L?enty-one years ago he selected land here, permanently takint up his resi dence at Katunga abiout 13 yearsago, wheae lie had become oun of the most prosperous and respected landholders in the district, and hiad added to- Jis: original ftrm, whilst still retaining 'his property at Maiom's Line. htis..tragic enud is deeply deplored by all who caine in.cntact with him. . He. was a.qiuiet minded, conscientious gentlemnau in all his dealings, atid his untimely removal aplpears to lte icie of those dispensations of providence that seenms past fitiding out. TIhere is this surei Aiudr'e a Johliston's cherry smhile, hearty mind-grip, aul kiidness of heiar? will be missed in this district for niany a onwg year. He leaves a wideow and one chill to mourn the hoss of a n:.lviing ,Ihushand lidl indulgent father. It will lie retemoberd that .Ml r Jr iihstoti was f.rruerly .a residlet of Mitjo,'s Linlt Mrs Johnston ieing the eldest daughlte of Mirs MBtrstun, a li'nmer resident 'I leuathcotie itr many yesnr. 