CITY COUNCIL. FRIDAY, FEBKTJARY 11. The Council sat at S p.m. Present: The Mayor (Mr. A. Forrest, M.L.A.), Crs. Mosey, Brebber, Thomson, Hurst, Fo3ter, Hall, Potts, Wilson, Oldham, Speed, and Quinlan. THE LATE ME. G-. GLYDE, SENE. A letter was received from Mr. G-. F. Glyde, acknowledging on behalf of Mrs. Glyde, senr., and the members of the family for tUe letter of condolence for- warded by the council on the death of Mr. G. Glyde, senr. A CLAIM FOR DAMAGES. A letter was received from Mr. W. Smith, demanding 4Í50 on behalf of his client, H. Higgins, for personal injuries, alleged to have been received owing to the defective state of one of the roads. The TOWN CLERK said he had inquired into the matter, and ho recommended the council to take no notice of the letter. Some discussion arose, resulting iu the council deciding, on the motion of Cr. SPEED, seconded by Cr. WILSON, to refer the letter to the works committee. BuSHFIRES 1ST GIPPSLAND. The MAYOR having mentioned the dis- tress occasioned in Victoria by the bush fires, it waa decided, on the motion of Cr. POTTS, seconded by Cr. HURST, to telegraph to the Mayor of Melbourne, expressing the sympathy of the Council, and asking whether West Australia could assist. The Mayor stated that if the offer was accepted, a subscription list would be opened by the Mayor of Perth, and the Mayors of other municipalities would be asked to co-operate. PETITIONS. Petitions from residents in the following wards, asking for certain work were read and dealt with as follows North AYard, for tho macadamisation of a portion of Lincoln-street, ordered on the motion of Cr. BREBBER, seconded by Cr. OLDHAM, to bo placed on the schedule of works for that AVard. North AVard-For the ma- cadamisation of Monger-street, ordered on the motion of Cr. QUINLAN, seconded by Cr. POTTS to be referred to the work3 com- mittee. A petition was received from nearly 40 shopkeepers in Perth, praying the Council to deal with the question of street hawkers. It was decided to defer the consideration of the petition till the by-laws were ready. TENDERS. Tenders for fencing the Recreation Ground, making roads, and two water carts were referred to the works committee. WORKS COMMITTEE'S REPORT. Upon the question of repairs and mak- ing of roads recommended by the com- mittee, Cr. AAriLSON, as chairman of the finance committee, commended strongly upon the matter not having been referred to the finance committee, to see whether there were funds for the work. The work was approved, subject to the approval of the works committee. The report as amended was adopted. SWIMMING BATHS COMMITTEE'S REPORT. Upon the report on the by-laws and the contrast nnder which it was proposed to lease the baths, some discussion arose as to the terms of the lease and the state of the by-laws. The MAYOR stated that during the last three days the amount re- ceived from baths had been £2 14s. 9d., £4> 19s. 9J. and £4- 53. 3d. Considerable dis- cussion took place upon the non-produc- tion of the by-laws, and also upon the need of regulating the baths. Protests were made against the by-laws being passed without being submitted to the whole of the Council tor consideration. Ultimately it was decided on the motion of Cr. AYILSON, by C to 2, to adopt the réport and call for tenders. The reports of the general purposes com- mittee, market committee, and sanitary committee were adopted. FINANCE COMMITTEE'S REPORT. The MATOR drew attention to the fact that out of ¿20,193 10s. Gd. due, only ÜÜ18 14s. 9d. had been collected. Cr QUINLAN thought the primary cause was the dis- graceful manner in which the valuation this year had been carried out. As an instance, he mentioned that a vacant grant belonging to himself in the Terrace wa« estimated at a capital value of .£3,000, oa which he had to pay £40 a year rates. Cr. HURST agreed and said it was hard on those who owned vacant grants. Cr. OLD- HAM Build on it. Cr. HURST : If yon can't afford it ? Cr. OLDHAM Sell it. Cr. HURST If you can't sell it? He thought the valuations were rotten. Cr. OLDHAM dis- agreed and thought the valuatisns were for the first time being made fairly Ho urged that hitherto* the rata had not been high enough, and that if the city was tobe put into a proper state the rates would have to be increased. Cr. QUINLAN And you represent the working man. Cr. OLDHAM said the working man was ready to pay his fair proportien of rates. The report was adopted. The council resolved itself into a Board of Health. HEALTH COMMITTEE'S REPORT. Cr. SPEED moved that the consideration of the by-laws be adjourned till the next meeting of the council. Agreed to. With regard to Miss McKiuimie's appli- cation for a license for her private hospital in Havelock-street, a report was read signed by Drs. Astles, Crutchley, .Tameson, Cuthbert, Harvey, Nyulasy. McAVilliams, Kenny. Saw, Trethowan, Kelsall, Burkitt. ThiM-ston, and Coventry, and by Messrs. Parker and Parker, under express authority of Dr. Stewart, stating that the hospital would not be used for such infectious diseases as diphtheria and scarlet fever, and that special precautions would be taken in the case of typhoid, that private hospitals were an absolute necessity in the town, and that there was no risk of infec- tion provided the by-laws were carried out. The opinion of the City Solicitor was also read. The questions answered by Mr. Moorhead, briefly put, were as follows Could the erection of a private hospital for infectious diseases within the munici- pality be restrained? To this it was replied that it could, if it was injurious to the healthiness of the adjoining property, but that the injury must be appreciable. The sscond question was as to who were the proper authorities to proceed, and to this it was replied that it was essential it should be proved not merely that infectious cases were taken, but that there was some injury to the rights of tho plaintiffs as owners or occupiers of the adjoining land, .and therefore that the aggrieved l-ale payers were the parties who ought to pro- ceed. On the question of the power of the Board of Health to refuse registration, it was pointed out that the by-laws were only for the proper conduct and sanitation of these hospitals, and if at any time the hospital became a nuisance within the meaning of the law in the leading cases the council could not be compelled lo sanction its existence. Replying to the last question, whether the Board was. in view of the surrounding circumstances, compelled to license the hospital, the City Solicitor said the fait that the council had already sanctioned the erection of the building did not compel the Board to give the license to the institution if it was a nuisance, but this was a question of fact yet to be proved; and, as Miss McKimmie might very well urge, she had been indwed by the pre- vious action of the council to incur expense she might not otherwise have embarked upon, the board might issue the license. Whether it did so or not would not effect the qmestion whether the hospital was a nuisance and could be restrained. As the by-laws now stood it was perfectly imma- terial to the applicant whether the board acceded to her application tor not, and the board could not proceed against her for occupying a hospital without a license. A petition by residents in the vicinity of the hospital praying that a license might not be granted was also submitted. Cr. MOSSY said tho principal fault he could see was that someone had given per- mission for this hospital to be built. Cr. WILSON thought if the hospital had been built tinder the direction of their surveyors, and in consequence of the per- mission given, they must grant the license. They must haye hospitals within their midst, and he thought froai what he had heard they bad no right to refuse the license. He moved that the license be granted. Cr. HURST seconded the resolution, and said any man could get a building passed provided it" was in accordance with the Act. Or. POTTS commented on the way in which buildings were approved without, apparently, it being possible to discover the fact. There was no denying the fact that this building was allowed to be erected as a hospital, though until the surveyor's own written {document was dis- covered by the Town Clerk in the former's office, tho surveyor had said there was no other record than a plan of a building He asserted that the city surveyor largely engaged himself in work outside the council, and he considered that lie was unfit to fill his position. Cr. HALL said be thought the objection to a hospital was a matter of sentiment, but there was no doubt that the sentiment did exist, and that it decreased the value of property Cr. SPEED thought the consideration of the question of granting the license should be adjourned till the by-laws had been dealt with. Cr. OLDHAM thought that the council had so far in this matter given itself away. Cr. SPEED We always do. Cr. OLDHAM disapproved of the existence of these hospitals in these localities, and thought it was more than a matter of sentiment. He was afraid that if the council granted the license it would be giving the rights of the residents away, and would prevent them from takin" action hereafter. Cr. QUINLAN was opposed to hospitals in the city, but the fact remained that in her application for a permit to erect the build- ing, Miss McKimmie stated that she intended to keep it as a hospital. The council was under a moral obligation to grant the license. If she did not conduct the hospital as she ought she could be proceeded against. Cr. SPEED said it seemed to be thought because the building surveyor passed a certain thing the council was supposed to support him. He disagreed with this view. Cr. HiJP.ST stated that -he had been approached by the brother of the applicant some months ago, and had told him that he supposed the council would consent to the building if the plans and descriptions were in order. The plans and descriptions, however, had not. he regretted to sa}', been placed before the works committee. The license was granted and the report adopted. Cr. SPEED moved that Crs. Thomson, Paterson, and Wilson and himself be appointed a committee to consider the question of dry wells and report on them. A lengthy, and at times recriminatory discussion took place, and ultimately it wa3 decided that Cr. Speed should draw up a report on the subject for submission to the council, a fortnight hence. This concluded the business. 