SEVERE GALES. A more disturbing display of the September equinoctial gales was made this season in the South-East than for many years. They began on Friday night, and contioued with varying degrees of foroa till Monday evening. Saturday was an extremely wet and cold day. Heavy Bhowers of hail and rain fell frequently, and eaoh shower was accompanied by a gale from the south-west that threatened rain to every ihiog leas stable than the rocks and the hills. The strongest blotv was one which accompanied a very heavy shower of hail and rain about a quarter to 1 ia the afternoon. It was most nlarmiag in its strength for about five minutes. Daring that five minutes most people were anxious for their residences, their out-buildings, and their windmills ; and the way in whiob pieces of galvanized iron and branohea of trees were carried about was alarming. In the j course of the afternoon, during which the wind moderated somewhat, reports of damage to buildings and windmills came into town from different parts of the neighbourhood. A portion of the back verandah of the boqee ocoupied by Mr. W. W. Norton, on the Bay road, waa carried away, a piece of the iron being blown over the house and the road into Mr. Frew's Sedlsy Park property. The .top of one of the chimneys wbb thrown down, and that of another shifted. The chimney of the dining-room of Mr. Kennedy's restdenoe, Sunny Brae, was blown down. The roof of the blacksmith shop occupied by Mr, J. Smith, Commercial-street, was shifted bodily four feet over the end of the building; one of the chimneys was thrown down, and the other put ont of the perp6ndioular. Windmills suffered greatly. Among those that were damaged were the mills belong ing to Mr. C. F. Lindner near the town, Mr. D. E. MacDonald's near Williamstown, and Mr. D. MacArthur's near Yahl. Tbe fans of Mr. Lindner's mill were wrenched off, carried over the residence and garden, and scattered in the paddock beyond. Some of his outbuildings were also damaged. Mr. 0. 0. Spehr, 0.5. Flat, had hia barn blown down, and a mower and binder and a buggy which it contained were maoh damaged. The forest trees of the country were torn and uprooted in large numbers. Oa Sunday the weather was milder, and there were prospeota of its fairing, and hopes that it would were strengthened by the forecast iBBued by Sir CharleB Todd on Saturday after noon. But Monday began with a Btrong northerly wind, which increased in force till 4 o'olock in the afternoon. Between 11 o'olook and 4 o'olook it blew with great violence, and, being very drying, it caused the moat extra ordinary dnat-Btorm seen in Mount Gambler for many years. From every recently ploughed field and every road clouds of dust rose and i asoended in the atmosphere like the smoke of bush-fires. A good deal of the suifaoo must I have been blown from every snch field, and deposited elsewhere, Mr. W. Webster's 90 acre onion paddock, weBt of "OlaravillB, was a wondrous souroa of dust, and for several hoars covered all the town south of Helen street with a brown cloud that frequently obscured the sun and prevented persons seeing the Hospital, the Railway station, or anything to the south of the street named. It reminded those who had seen them of the dust-storms that frequently arise from the peat country near Millioent and Rendelsbam. Great damage was done to the young onions, many acres of wbioh were rooted ont or covered over. They were also badly injured by the hail storms on Satarday. Tbs wind was as severely felt in other parts of the South-E*st as at Mount Gambier. Visitors from Millioent aay that on Monday the peat soil was being carried io thousands of tons to the eastward ; and a blaob pall of dnnt that hid the range and everything beyond it stretahed all day from Ranaelsham to Like Bsnney. The wind on Saturday did damage in all parts of the district. Ia the Robe distriat it was severely felt. One instance of i's ravaging power haB been related to as. The roof of a new four-roomed bnilding at Konnetta was blown off, and some of the iron carried 500 yards, Fortunately no ond'. was , hart. ! Yesterday the weather was perfeot, and | presented a strong contrast to that of the I preoeding day, There was some light rain in the evening, bat the forecast for to-day is that the weather will be fine and warmi - 