BUSH FIRES' SELFISHNESS. "A penny wise and a pound foolish." TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sir. —I am tempted to take this wise old adage as my motto as I address you upon the dangers of lighting the bush during the months of December, January, February, and March upon the pretext of burning logs or fallen scrub, since it is very evident to everyone who traces out the results, that the seeming gain of burning during those prohibited months, in defiance of all law and order, is in grim reality a very sorry fiction, the saving of a few pounds and of a little extra work in burning at this unlawful season being more than over- balanced a hundredfold by loss and anxiety, nay oft- times by the wholesale ruin of a whole neighbourhood. But before I say another word suffer me, sir, to express the gratitude many of us —country landholders—feel to you for your able sub-leader some weeks ago upon this subject, as also for your gruesome printing of the Bush Fires Act. The Act was so little known to the general public, and, seemingly, had so strangely escaped the memory of the police powers, that the enforcements were practically ignored, and one might see fires recklessly lit, and left burning, amid dense bush land without one precaution being taken to stay the spread of the danger. On the hottest days, when the foliage was almost like tinder, or with the wind blowing with angry force, ramblers would heedlessly light a fire on Mount Wellington slopes, or some of the small landowners would get to work to burn their scrub or fallen logs; quite unmindful of the fact of the uncertain, eddying mountain wind carrying the flying sparks and bark into adjoining gullies and among bush trees, and thus ruthlessly destroying the beauty of the mountain. For some years past this wrong and this folly has gone on almost unrebuked, despite that our Statute Book held the strong powers of the Bush Fires Act, and despite that all lovers of Nature's freedom and all artistic natures, whether Tasmania's own sons and daughters or visitors from abroad, remonstrated and angered over the wanton destruction of the beautiful, the foolish waste of timber, and the loss of rainfall and waterflow by the wanton clearance of trees for mere caprice by this unlawful bush-firing. It does seem strange that our governing authorities, with all their marked desire to spend money lavishly upon every useless trifle, should so grudge some forms of expenditure, that refusal was made to several solicitations year after year for the general publishing of this Bush Fire Act, or failing that, an official notice from the Attorney-General's office to be issued in December, calling brief attention to the rigid ruling of the Act, so that residents in the bush and elsewhere from town, might be duly informed and warned against an infraction of the law. Scarcely will it be credited by the mass of your readers, sir, that you generously published the Act in your columns, because, application being made to you to obtain a few copies of the Act from the Government for the necessary information of those assisting in the suppression of the bush fires, you found that no sheets were in print, and that all the information obtainable was that in bound law books. The terrible destruction that has ensued through the illegal burning of the scrub by Government servants on the so-called "Springs carriage drive" in December, calls for a very thorough investigation, for not only has our grand mountain been despoiled of its beauty; its shady gullies, rich in verdure, utterly wrecked; its fine, great trees and flowering shrubs turned into blackened ugliness; its pure, sweet, and invigorating air, that tempted our countless visitors across the ocean for health's sake, so laden with the fumes of charcoal that few will care to ramble about the disfigured ground, or breathe the spent fire fumes. But even beyond this sorry loss of our mountain's worth of beauty and health, there is the ruin, caused by this fire rushing like a fury fiend down upon poor little Leslie and Longley, destroying in less than one hour all the people's homes and orchards, in a word, wresting from them their very all. Yet this fire, so awful in its destructiveness, burnt and gathered strength on the mountain for weeks, simply because some technical dispute between government and municipal authority delayed action. Slowly it spread, day after day and night after night, in all the hottest weather, yet no one was allowed to touch it while the governing powers feebly disputed, and thus the fires' great heat dried the surrounding bush to tinder. Vainly Constable Gadd reported its progress, but no steps were taken (20 good men then could have stopped its ruin), and thus it spread onward, and Gadd stated it had swept to the top of the mountain, rushing on some miles wide. Thus, sir all this loss, and far more, was occasioned by the illegality of lighting the scrub during the prohibited months of summer. Surely, then, may we not demand that strict action should be taken to enforce this Bush Fires Act to its utmost power, and should it need stricter definitions for its exact and powerful working, we scarcely doubt that the Parliament in session next month will arm the Act with more absolute authority. The ruin has spread far and wide, not only to the property-holders ruthlessly burnt out, but to the fruit industry, the timber trade, the hay and crop returns. A ruin so heavy that the people cannot yet realise the full after effects; and therefore, sir, it behoves us to guard against all probability of its repeated dreadfulness in the years to come. Victoria has now taken vigorous measures to punish this bush fire laxity. Not only travelling old men boiling their billies in the vicinity of grass or trees, and lads heedlessly burning snakes out of bushes, and picnic parties leaving ashes to smoulder, have been rigidly rebuked, and felt the weight of heavy fines for their culpable carelessness and law breaking, but landowners, for logs burning and fallen scrub-firing on their own holdings, have measured the weight of the law for "thereby endangering their neighbours' properties." At Launceston, at Westbury, and in some of the other Northern districts, the police have taken action, and punished for the offence; but it seems that Hobart, as the seat of government, goes to sleep, and slumbers oft, for no police action has been taken to enforce the Bush Fires Act, in spite of the dreadful warnings we have had, and the devastation that has followed this official bush-fire fancy. We still may see in this month of March, with the equinox foreshadowing winds rushing in and out of the mountain gullies, logs set on fire, and trees left to burn at the peril of surrounding properties, and at the risk of burning the last few green spots left on our dear old burnt mountain. Sir, cannot your powerful influence arouse the Government and induce the coming Parliament to revivify our Bush Fire Act, and maybe impel the police authorities to carry out the enactments fearlessly. Cannot the public even now realise the truth, that while it is willing to give the money for the bush fires sufferings and losses, it has a just right to require that the bush fires are not wantonly lit, and ruin recklessly caused by the law breaking. Sir, I venture to state, that had prompt and efficient work been given to stem and crush out the fires after the Leslie disaster no second destruction like that of the second great fire would have occurred, and thus great expense and sad loss would have been saved. Had each centre of fire been carefully watched, and the smouldering logs and burning trees never have been left to be fanned up by sudden wind gusts, and the sparks blown everywhere to start fresh fires, it is very evident that much country would have been saved. A constable camped at every fire, with 10 working men under him to watch and stay the progress, would have saved all the after fires. But all was foolish confusion, a simple looking on and reporting, and as if the flames would stay themselves, no effort of work was made to stop the onward spread. Sir, in the mass of the losses both in Victoria and in this country the lawlessness of the bushfiring illegally has been the root of the disasters. The saving of some trouble and of a little money by burning in the hottest summer months instead of the late spring is "the penny wise and pound foolish" policy of the lazy and the selfish. Sir, it is only right that such unwisdom should be punished by the State in the proper protection of the more considerate and just-minded people. —Yours, etc., March 12. WARNING. It Saves the Crodpy Children. Seaview, Va.-We have a splendid «ale on | Chamberlain's Cough Remedy, and our uustomers coming from far uod near, speuk of it in the highest terms. Many have said that their ohildren would have died of oroup if Chamberlain's Congh Remedy had not been given.-Kellam & Odjiren. For sale by A. P. Miller 4 Son, Hobart, end .?3. it ton & Law«, General Agents, Tasmania Chamberlain's Collo, Cholera, and Diar- rhöe» Remedy always ufl >rds p'limpt relief. For «ale by A. P. Miller * Son, Hobart ; and Hatton & Laws, General Agent«, las Otto!».. 