Intercolonial Catholic News (From our Exchanges.) Destruction op a Church. — A famous old Catholic church in the vicinity of the Macdonald River, near Wiseman's Ferry, N.S.W.,has been destroyed by fire. It was a stately-looking building, and a landmark in the district for many years. Archbishop Yaughan upon one occasion officiated in this church. The conflagration resulted through sparks being blown on the roof of the building from a bush-fire on the neigh bouring mountains. The Jesuit Order. — In conformity with the custom of the Catholic Church in Australia (says the Southern Cross, Decem ber- 2) the Midnight Mass hitherto cele brated at St. Ignatius' Church, Norwood, on Christmas Eve, will in future be given up. Next week three fathers and two lay-brothers of the Austrian Province of the Jesuit Order will arrive at Adelaide. One father and one lay-brother are destined for the mission on the Daly River in the Northern Territory, the others will stop in South Australia pending their further destination. The Rev. Father MacKillop, who has been suffering from ill-health for some considerable time, will leave Adelaide for New Zealand shortly in order to restore hiB health. The Late Father Byrne. — The Rev. Gerald Byrne, the popular parish priest of St. Mary's, Williainstown, expired rather suddenly at his presbytery on Sunday morning, November 27. A few months ago, when leaving for a trip to Sydney in quest of health, the rev. gentleman was presented with a purse of 80 sovereigns. One. of his last efforts was the completion of a handsome brick church at Werribee at a cost of .£1250, to which the Hon. Percy Chirnside was a liberal subscriber. Father Byrne was one of the veteran priests of the colony. He was born in County Clare, Ireland, and was ordained 32 years ago at All Hallows College. He came out to Victoria immediately, and was settled in various parts of the colony at different times. He was for nine years in the Gipps- land district, where he had charge of a very large parish, and where his clerical duties involved great physical labour. During his residence at Williamstown Father Byrne displayed great energy, being responsible for the erection of two churches in outlying parts of his parish. Ordinations in Sydney. — On Wednes day, November 30, at St. Mary's Cathedral, the Rev. C. Casey (Brisbane) was elevated to the .dignity of the priesthood by the Cardinal-Archbishop Father Casey, who is a native of Queensland, commenced and completed his ecclesiastical studies at St. Patrick's College, Manly. Two other Manly students, on Wednesday, Rev. John Egan (Sydney) and Rev. Charles Griffin (Wilcannia), had Deaconship conferred on them. It is expected that within the next fortnight both these students will be promoted to the priesthood. When ordained the Rev. C. Griffin will proceed at once to the Diocese of Wilcannia. Assisting the Cardinal at Wednesday's ceremonies were the Very Rev. Dr. Murphy (President of the College), Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, and two of the Manly priests, lately ordained — Rev. Father Bergin and Rev. Father Masterson, both of Queens land. An Australian Ecclesiastical Stu dent and the Pope.— Mr. Kenny (brother of Dr. Leo Kenny, Melbourne), who left St. Patrick's College, Manly, this year to complete his studies in Rome, writes under date October 12 : — I saw the Pope last Fri day, with the English pilgrims. He re ceived us in the I'lementin Saloon, in the Vatican. There were about 200 pilgrims. The Pope was carried in, surrounded by the Noble Guards, and accompanied by the Cardinal-Ai- chhishop of Palermo, Arch bishop Stonor, and various members of the Papal Court. The Holy Father addressed us in Italian for about a quarter of an hour. His speech was translated then by Mon- signor Stonor. In it his Holiness expressed his great love for the English people, and his eagerness for their conversion. .He said he remembered meeting in England, fifty years ago, the Queen, Lord Palmerston, and many - others, and from that time he conceived a great idea of bringing about the return of Eng land to her ancient faith. He said that, in furtherance of this design, he was building . a college for the reception of converted Protestant ministers who wished to become priests. This college would be opened next year. On his entrance the Pope was greeted with ringing cheers, and also throughout his speech. He has a very strong nasal voice. His face is colourless, but his eyes are the most brilliant . and piercing I think I have ever seen. He is very active-looking, much more so, indeed, than the old Arclibishop of Palermo, who stood beside him. After his speech he went round the hall speaking to each one. Mon- signor Stonor introduced me to him as a sub-deacon from Australia, and a student at Capramia. (We . all kissed the Pope's hand, not his foot.) The Pope held my hand, and listened attentively to Monsignor Stonor, and then, bending forward, looked me straight in the eyes for several minutes, and then moved on. I was holding his hand for nearly ten minutes. Afterwards he blessed whatever we wanted. The Pope left amidst cheers. The whole audience was most impressive, and a great many of the ladies were in tears. 