CBt Clink of m tioHL Melb. bank meetings recently held were a gentle xeminder to the common people that there are worse things in the world than bushfires and droughts. The 'directors' speeches now serve as a reminder that the -financial aristocrats had very little financial ability -and much less honesty. Burden of the speeches has been that the banks have got a little distance out of the boom troubles, and are beginning to pay interest. The inference is that this is due to better management ; as a matter of fact it is practically due to a refusal to pay the interest due. The Bank of Victoria had a very pleasant meeting. "There was only one reason why the Millers' Bank -closed its doors in the panic: a desire to be in the grab. Everybody knows that this bank was founded toy "Money Miller," father-in-law of Sir Henry Wrixon, and father of the Millers of the " Redleap" stable at Mill Park. They say that the bank is a sound one now. It never was anything else. Probably it had less advances, outside safe margins, on land than any other colonial bank. Therefore, why -•did it shut down on the deposits ? It was a quick way of making money, and the shareholders who can stand he delay will reap a big harvest by and bye. As to the Commercial Bank, which is governed by Mr. James Service, Mr. Robert Harper, and Captain "Currie, they had just a wonderful story to tell. A _year or so ago, that is before the deposit grab, says Mr. Harper, they had 500 proprietors in the bank. Now they have 8,000. There's progress ! There were a lot of proprietors in the room who were very sorry to be proprietors. It was not their fault that they were. When you make a man a proprietor with the aid of the law, it is something to gloat over, isn't it ? It was evidently one of these 8,000 unwilling ones -who suggested the Chinese law for directors, by which they lost their heads when the banks closed. Had it been in force here it would have been a collateral reason for closing the Victoria. Did you ever see a man smile when he did not feel like it ? Well, that is liow the Commercial people smiled. Bank directors are humble people nowadays, but "there was a day when such a joke would have raised -all the Scotch ire of Mr. Harper; but people do not worship their old gods now. Mr. James Service is forgotten, Mr. Harper is nearly so, and Capt. Currie— well, did you ever travel by Capt. Currie's line to India ! If you haven't, don'tHe's awfully Scotch. Another funny complaint of Mr. Harper's was -against what he calls the extraordinary provision that bank directors should have to retire from the Savings Bank. This because Capt. Currie had to drop his chairmanship of the Savings Bank, which was so handy to the Commercial, and devote himself to his own affairs. Such a long time ago it is since the commissioners stood up at a Commercial meeting and proclaimed to all and sundry that so great was their faith in the Commercial that they would leave £70,000 on deposit there. The Commercial closed down on the •deposit, of course, as indeed they intended to. The Savings Bank Act of last session abolished that kind of an arrangement, and Mr. Harper says it is "disgraceful." Being an elder of the Toorak church, he can, of course, see nothing disgraceful in the other kind of business. Whose money was it that Capt. ^Currie backed up the Commercial with ? Sis own ? Not a penny of it. It belonged to the laborers and servant girls at whom he turns up his nose. Think of it! The Commercial is paying 2 per cent, on deposits. Just two pounds off nothing. Why, you can get per cent, for British Consols. There is a solidity behind these colonies which -enables them to bear wonderfully the mismanagement of the financial magnates. What with three years drought it would be thought that ruin was close at hand, and that people would have no money to spend. Yet the purchasing power of the consumers has not fallen off very considerably. The falling off as between 1896-97 in imports from the United Kingdom is but very small. Here are the figures—South Australia— 1896, £2,030,000 ; 1897, £1,920,000. Victoria, 1896, £5,305,000; 1897, £5,273,000. Speculators who bought Melbourne Trams at £8 have given up all hope of ever seeing their money back, but those who took advantage of the slump and bought in at 7s. have doubled their money. Tram shares are going up partly for two reasons. First, that there is a very narrow margin between the wages of the sweaters and those of the Tramway co., and the next is that Melb. business is improving. Has been a movement of the population to the inner suburbs, and that suits the trams, and'what with jubilees and test matches the income has improved. Trams are not a bad speculation for the reason that they pay wretched wages, work long hours (in spite of an Act of Parliament), and are at present below their real value. Just how do you account for this. The Vic. Friendly Societies' Actuary has just issued his report. There are two societies whose finances are in a very bad way, and whose assets are quite inadequate to meet the liabilities—Hibernian Society and the Irish National Forresters. Not only is the general body in -a bad way, but each of the branches also shows a deficiency. It is hard to separate an Irish organization from an ecclesiastical, so there is truth in the ^saying—" Ye cannot serve God. and mammon." .Apparently the Church is an excellent pilot to the glory land, but it does not mix well with a benefit society. How would it do for the H.A.C.B.S. to cut itself adrift, and then see if it can keep solvent. Vic. Credit Foncier is getting along, but it has yet to learn that it is not expected to keep up Shylock traditions in money-lending. Perhaps the change in the Commissioners will alter this, for it conld hardly be expected that the bank directors would compete with the banks. The drought has struck the Swan Hill district very heavily, and one would think that is just the district to be helped. At least the farmers felt that way. They thought it would be a good thing to get a lower interest, and a long, safe tenure. The Foncier refused 37 applications in a small area at Swan Hill for an advance of 30s. an acre. If this is good policy, the sooner Mr. Taverner's district goes back to. the dingoes the better. But it is not good policy, it is just the bad administration of a splendid idea. In this same district, which the Argus and the money people say irrigation is wasted upon, the farmers in a 14-miles radius have made £30,000 by their cultivation this year. What a paradise Australia would be if the people could only administer their own ideas instead uf having to hand the administration over, to blundering public servants. It is an article of faith with all financial institutions that outside the Australian coastal districts the only safe thing to advance money on is sheep and wool. More intense culture means ruin. How far this is good finance can be judged from the insolvency of most of the institutions. In the Wimmera District of Victoria a squatter went in for a small orchard by way of an experiment. Here is the relative value of sheep and orchard this year: Out of a flock of 5,000 sheep he got one lamb—whether a ewe one or not can't be said. Out of his cherries alone in the orchard he made £240. 