A COMING PICTURE SALE, Amongst the eighty-seven works of art to be presented for sale in Botting's Adelaide .Auc tion Alart, and, by-the-way, in a capital lipht, are sonic pictures well worth any one's buying, as tiiey are by painters known to fajne, r.nd appeal to the artistic laste. T|-,cy comprise works by Done, eatherhcad, Aumonier—whose name is so Ireqnently spelt wrongly in the catalogues— K. \\\ . ( 00k, Tomassi, Wenthrop Pierre, Stnitt, 11. J. -Johnstone, who began his career in Australia, and of whotn we are proud, and of others who are on familiar terms with Nature. First and foremost is Oustave Dore s gland picture "night Into Lgypl, ' showing the figures cf the Virgin and Child lying in the form 01" the Egxptian Sphmx, as a symbol of the new civilization, fi gures are re tire Led iu a pool of water to signify the effele religion and tlie lise of the new one. This picture, with which we have dealt iu detail before, was exhibited in the Iv.ris Salons, and was bought bv Alous. lioidxa, from whom it was purchased by All. II. j. Johnstone, aud it has the distinction ol" being the only original of Dore's iliat has reached the Antipodes. W e all know W. Strutl's "Black Thursday."' Old colonists will remember the experience of ihe bushfires in Victoria in 1S51, and although the painting is imaginative it conveys a good idea of that terrible episode, and is historic. The detail is remarkaby conscientious even to the kooyanna, crane, and kangaroo gasping life out tmder the terrible beat. "1 he picture is really a number of studies congregated on the canvas. The "Old Watercourse," a replica painted by a pupil of T. Boddington., E.A., from his original, is worth liaving, and so is "Mount St. Leonard," by John AJather, a A'ietoi ian scene. An unknown artist has painted a study of fruit so well that the grapes and peaches, especially seem through the magnifying glass, make the' mouth, water. A number of original and watereolour paintings by 11. J. Johnstone, R.B.A., command 'attention. "Rustling Leaves'' is a charming watercolour. Only the curled streams soft eludings kept, An«l liule pairs, tliat from the green leaf swppt Dry summer dust, in fearful whispering stirred, As loath to vvalien any singing bird. It is most tactfullj- and delicately expressed in the form of a maiden dressed "only iu her own sweet modesty, sitting on a bank of a stream, wilih a beautiful background of leaves. The face and figure are almost perfect, arid the detail is absorbing—it is, in short, a delightful watercolour. In "The Orphans" the same fine faithful treatment is shown, but judging front the round, ruddy faces, the two pretty little girls have not been •"orphan" hungry, if we may venture upon so atrocious a pun. "The Skylark," like the former, is an artist's proof, and equally attractive, two children with vivacious faces watching a Lark .carolling in the sky—Johnstone is very poetical in his fancies. Amongst his oil paintings are "The Prospector," a very tine picture, true to_ the life, ^nd another is "The Welcome WaterhoJe," a typical bush scene, representing two wayfarers in the wilds coming upon water when they most needed it. The great, gaunt, spectre gum dead to its roots, is very good, and so is the landscape. There is a world of pathos in Johnstone's picture, "Fallen from the Nest," a country child sympathetically nursing the little fledgeling. "Light, more Light." is E' Wake Cook's pathetic interpretation of the last words of Goethe, the poet, spoken to his daughter just before he died. The face of the grand old man lifted to the lattice window through which the light streams and the form of the woman as she hascast herself across his knees, are eminently touching. A view of Heidelberg and another on the Aloselle River give further proof of Cook's genius. "The Prisoner," by E. Blair Leighton, is a fine, strong studv. The work of teristic thing, ana (j. Manton's "Training Ships on the Alersey" is reminiscent of the grand wooden walls of old England. Thefhreedecker shows up in stately fashion. "An Old Roman Road," by P. de Tomassi. with Italian peasants and an ass travelling on an ancient road laid by the former conquerors of the then known world, is an exquisite piece of colouring, notably tlie architecture. The picture of a cow and calf, by Arthur Wardle, is capital. The cow shows breeding, every inch o£ her. In additkm to these there are copies of the famous >'t. Vero-r.ii a legend illustration, sheep by Strutt, several oEAumonier's efforts, a river scene by H. Heysen and a whole host of engravings, and auiotynes. The whole trill be offered for sale on Friday. 