On the Beat. [BY M'GUINESS, XXX.] DEARDEMOCRAT,— The snakes are not in it this summer for sensational yarns. Just listen to this. The Bulletin says:—" The Tas. bush-fire recalls the fact that on the Victorian Black Thursday—1851—cinders and burning twigs from the blazing Gippsland forests were blown right across the Straits on to the beach of Northern Tasmania. Strong, wasn't it, I mean the wind. Of course, I am not prepared to question the veracity of the BULLETIN, but, you know, I'd like to hear what the proverbial "oldest inhabitant" has to say about this little fairy. We can't touch them in Warnambool (Vic.) for Civic bumbledom. Here's the latest—" Last Sunday the Rev. Mr Dixon, of St. John's Presbyterian Church, conducted what the local reporter called a 'municipal service.' The Mayor and Councillors attended church in their official robes. We are further told that the congregation rose to their feet as the civic dignitaries entered and left the church, the organist playing the National Anthem. The Rev. Mr Dixon furthermore delivered .a discourse, and amongst many other remarkable statements said, 'the civie magistrate, as God thinks of of him, is a sacred person—even though in his private capacity he is a publican and sinner."' Talk about Launceston's "bear skin and chain" after this. Why it's not in it. It would be awfully interesting to know if Warden Carter and his confreres have yet completed their holidays. On December 15 the skipper of the Bensan wrote to the Marine Board that one of his apprentices was laid np in the Hospital suffering from a throat affection contracted on board his vessel while berthed in close proximity to one of the sewers, and he bronght in Dr. Drake to bear him out in his contention, that the disgraceful state of the mud-banks in the vicinity of the wharf was responsible for the affair. The Board admitted the fact, and promised to attend to the matter immediately after the holidays. Over a month bas elapsed, aDd—well, they're still thinking about it. One thing at a time, Sir Skipper; you're not in England now. The question of how they are are going to wriggle oat of £350 for the big dredge is quite enough to engage the gigantic in- tellects of our Wardens for another six months. I see that Host Eawkner has at last <'ecided on a name for his hostelry—the Press Hotel One of " ours' 1 "told me he had been trying to induce Mine Hose to name it the " Bobby's Betreat," but for obvious reasons, the idea fell through, and the claims of the knights of the " stick and rule" carried the day. Well, the name is good enough yet for a publican to swear by, but by shades of Bacchus the devotion of the craft to the shrine of the merry god has waned considerably of late years. Still this is partly to be attributed as much to the rate per 1000 as anything else. I have it, however, on the best of authority, that the hospitality of Press Hotel will not be confined to the craft alone. Talking of drink reminds me of a story told by one of our fellows at the station while waiting for dnty the other night. It didn't happen in Launceston, but it happened all the same:—"It was at a temperance meeting, and the chairman called upon any person present to relate his experience. Then outspoke a stalwart workman. "He said he bad signed the pledge some eight months ago. (Applause.) At the end of the first week he had saved eighteenpence, which would otherwise have reached tbe publican's rapacious till. (Hear, hear.) At the end of one month his savings were over fifteenshillings. (Applause.) At the expiration of the second month he had laid by two pounds. (Cheers.) At the end of the third month he was still a teetotaller, and he had saved three pound two and six pence. (Loud cheere.) At the close of the fourth month he had become the possessor of a five-poundnote. (Prolongeed cheers.) the end of six months the amount saved from the' maddening wine oup' had reached nine pounds. (Deafening .cheers.) And if he had been a total abstainer another month he should have saved a sufficient sum to have bought a coffin. (Sensation.)" The Hobart MEECUBY panned out a.subleader on Monday last on the matter of " Fire Brigade Beform," and among other things advocated the .'establishment of a Salvage Corps. After telling its readers that they advocated the matter some years ago it continues—"Old - timi wiseacres, who treat every suggestion of reform as a reflec tion upon their own preternatural sagacity, turned a deaf ear, but all the same, the necessity for a salvage corps is still in frequent evidence." Fancy our old hide-bound Conservative MEBCUEY pointing the finger of acorn at opponentseof reform 1 