The Fatal Bush Fires in Tasmania- HOKART, January 3. On Friday, Madame Amy Sherwin narrowly escaped being overtaken by the bush fire. She left Ferntree for Humon, and had only just passed Loneley when a terrible fire blast came rolling down the valley. The driver managed to reach a picnic party in safety, through the blinding smoke and almost unbearable heat. On the following day, Madame Sberwin drove on to Shipwright's Point, and caught the steamer Oonali, by which she returned to Hobart. A return by road was impossible. An inquest was held to-day at the Hobart Hospital on the body of Miss Matthews, aged 20, who perished in the flames at Longley. A verdict of accidental death was returned. The evidence showed that when the doors of the house were forced open by a big and furious wind, the cattle rushed frantically inside, knocking down the inmates. In the other fatalities no inquests were considered necessary. Kelief committees are benig formed and the Government has sent out tents, blankets and necessaries. The public are subscribing money and finding clothes for the sufferers. A telegram from Queenstown, dated Sunday, stated that heavy rains had completely extinguished the remains of the bushfires, aud only one fatality was as yet recorded. The charred remains of an unrecognisable human body was found in the neighborhood of Gornianston. Though a number of residents are yet missing, the township of Gormanston was saved almost miracuously by the; sudden change of wind. A large number of people • made for shelter in the North Lyell Tunnel. One mail jumped down a shaft fifty feet, and another got into the water, and covered his burns with mud, after which the fire passed over his head, and literally baked the mud on him. special reports from Port Arthur show that nearly all the old time points of interest at Carnarvon are wiped out. The hospital, penitentiary,, and adjoining buildings are now heaps of ruins, though the hotel, which was the former residence of the commandant, escaped. One sad fatality is the death of Mr Trentham, sen. When his house took fire the family escaped and refuged on board the ketch Mary, in port; but Mr Trentham returned to the burning house, and there got surrounded by the flames, aud was suffocated. He was 76 years of age, a native of Leeds, and an ex schoolmaster. His remains were charred beyond recognition. The old hospital was the property of Father Murphy, who bought it for conversion into a college four years ago. it was partially destrojed by fire and re-built. Mr Cecil Darling and son, visitors from Sydney, were instrumental in saving the Carnarvon Hotel, where tbey were staying. Assisted by one domestic, they fought the showers of sparks and blazing branches which whirled around the building. The fire has done much damage at Colebrook and other localities. The outlook is terribly bad. 