NOTES. To meet the growing requirements of his business Mr. Winter Wilson, the well- known cycle euaroellcr, of Oondell's-lane, ofl' Post Office-place, has just completed the erection of two stoves at bis factory. This will enable him to artistically enamel cycles in any color. The business announcement of Messrs. Stewart, and Russell (lale with B. Mitchell), tailors, mercers, and wheel men's outfitters, of 325 Little Collins- street, appears in another column. Mr. G. J. Russell, one of the partners of tbe firm, is well known in club circles and as an official of the L.Y.W. A bicycle stealing scheme now popular in London is for the thief to enter an agency, negotiate for the purchase of a machine, aud arrange for a hoy to wheel it home, as " I have forgotten my cheque book. ' Pausing before some magnifi cent mansion, the enterprising robber remarks, " You wait on the steps, sonny, till I have a trial spin," and bluffing the lad into surrendering the jigger, he pedals off into nothingness. The impossible has happened. Who. a year ago, looking at Dave Kirk hobbling with difficulty ou his crutches would have believed thai to-day the invalid would be sprinting around the city on a bicycle again ? Yet it is true, and so at home is Dave on the wheel that nearly caused his death that he proposes going on an ex tended tour through the bush-fire districts as soon as the weather allows. One of the comic features of Yankee race meetings t-o-da) is a " reversed gear " race — the large sprocket being placed on the hub.of the back wheel, and the small one on the bracket. The result is that the race is all pcdullmg and no progress, and falls from sheer want of pace are frequent. How wpfeld Bob Walne look with his 105 sproket on the back wheel ? The Australian contingent of racing men intend baring a cut at Platt-Bette' Sydney records at an early date, and con sequently the whole pacing talent of Aus tralia has been concentrated hi the Harbor City for the purpose of assisting Walne and Co. Replacing the balls in tbe bearings is one of the most terrible jobs a novice can strike, and as nobody has occasion to take out the balls more than twice a year, all are. more or lee9, novices in this respect. The job can be divested of much blasphemy by tbe use of vasaline in the race and of a common penny mag net for picking the balls up. Zimmerman, despite his strict and assiduous training, haa so far failed to strike anything like form, and is seriously thinking of abandoning his projected visit to France. For a last trial he has taken his pacers t-o the warmer climate of Florida, and, if unsuccessful there, the "skeeter " will retire for good. C. A. Easson. the mile amateur cham pion of Scotland, is going the way of all good amateurs — into the ranks of the pros. Acetylene lamps are booming in Eng land now. They throw & splendid light, give little trouble, but smell like a pole cat, and are given to exploding and mow ing the rider aud machine to pieces. Electric lamps arc now being sold at 25s. each in London. Why are a few not sent here? They would go off like hot cakes. A magazine scribe says the exercise of cycling develops the legs only, leaving the arms in rest. This, says "Cycling," shows profound ignorance. What on earth are two-ouuee pumps brought out for? A cyclist at White Cliffs, Wilcannin, was coasting down a liill a mile long when a couple of boxes of matches went off in his pocket. He was going at such a speed that he could not hop off, but he managed to keep his senses, and steer for awaterbole at the foot of the hill. By the time he reached the spot he was biasing merrily, but he dived head first, jigger and all, into the hole, and was ex tinguished with a gigantic fizz! One of the scorchers which Russell- street police barracks has developed in the pak year is a middle aged senior constable, who ensures the safety of his bicycle during his absence by locking the wheel to tlic tube with his handcuffs. Bicycle thieves sniff at the jigger and retire in record time. Melbourne should be thankful that its Supreme and County Courts are presided over almost to a man by cyclists. An English judge cahiilj' ruled against a cyclist because the lkter collided with a buggy, h evidently with the intention of upsetting it." In an interview with the London "Cyclist" AU Edwards avers that Jack Green at the present time is the fastest short distance handicap rider in tho world. What about Bob Walne now ? The qgme authority says that " one of the English fliers" now in Australia has written to say that visitors are oUt- handicapped, being always placed on scratch, whilst cornstalks nearly their equals get long starts. BourUlon, the French crack, is shortly to air his baritone voice in opera, while Bocquillou, his compatriot, has fled from military service to the racing tracks of Loudon. C. B. Lawes, the fifty-five year old athlete who astonished the cycling world ft few weeks back by equalling the quarter- milfe Amateur record, is now credited with putting up a mile time equal with the best amateur's. No mention of the' holder of the watch k, however, made Jimmy Michael has been telling a Yankee interviewer that during his visit home he intends to " vie with the Prince of Wales for faultless and extensive sartorial equipment." Yet but three years back Choppy Warbuzion, his old- trainer, used to growl bitterly because he Could never get Jimmy to wear a collar ftbdft tic. Hew are the mighty fallen ! An idea may be gathered of the merit oT Walne's recent win in the Adelaide Wheel Race when the tune of the last lap is taken into consideration. Twenty- . eight seconds was the time for the lap, which Works out at lmin 47sec for the mile, and at the rate of 88 miles per faolir, Ond this at the end of a hard run two miles. A novelty in the pacing line will adorn tbe tracks of London next season, in the shape of a team of multiplet pacemakers of negro extraction. These swarthy braves are training now to get used to curves and banking. All the machines to be ridden by the blacks will be enamelled white, and there will be no risk of the racers and pacers not being distinguished from each otli£i'< W. Williams, manager of the Dunlnp teams now in Sydney, writes thai the teams are moving well. In training, the miles are repeatedly being cut out in lmin 49sec. This augurs well for the record attempts that are to be made shortly by Messrs. Walne, Green, Meg- son. and others. Williams is confident that with the teams now under his com mand fresh records will be established from one mile to the hour. For the past six months Walne's wins alone amount to about £600. and the | actual amount made by him during that term must tol up very close to four figures. How many professional men arc making this amount at the present time ? Following close upon the Crown Soli- citor's letter claiming ,£'49 odd from T. Coleman for the cutting of the Overland Cable during the progress of the Dunlop Transcontinental ride is a writ for £-100 and costs, which has been served upon Colemau within the last few days. Cole- . man's misfortunes seem to lie on the ' increase — firt a serious operation, from which he has only just recovered, then tbe Crown Solicitor s letter claiming J£49, and upon the top of this a writ for £103. Coleman has not yet decided what steps he will lake in the matter. 