""BREVITIES. Ccol. Lovely breezes. Mornings delightful. All nature rejoicing. Only man is vile. Jack-thc-Ripper is that man ! Successful A. N. A. concert. First instalment of ChHtern's charity. Revd. Mr. MacDougall luoka bewitch ingly well. Cliarrued with his N. Zealand holiday of a month. lla« a Higlander'g love for picturesque New Ziiilnad. Sccoiid edition of the (> land of the mountain and the flood.'* South Australia won the Intercolonial at Sydney this week. Tlfe loss of Given makes little appreciable difference to S.A. cricket. Federation in danger. Bed lights exhibited e»>rlie'r than expected. Reverinft trade going to hurst up Austtalinn federal enthusiasm. Patriotism bo Mowed, if it trenches too severely on the breeches pocket. And without patriotism how can we hope to achicre federation ? Bead and Barton implacable—Turner and Isaacs immovable. Terrible row over tbo distribution of the bush-fires relief fund. Six weeks and scarcely a penny yet disbursed. Cattle starving, aye and fa.it dying too, and not a bundle of hay available, though asked for three weeks ago. Usual cursed system of red-tape. Letter received. Sent on to the Lands department; sent on somewhere else—will be noted etc. In the meantime cattle die, people starve. Captain and the Hon. Mrs Freeman Thomas returning to England next week. Aides-de.camp, and others dropping out gradually and unnoticed. All ominious of the great admiral's early departure. Foy and Gibson, Smith Street Collingwood fined £42 6s and £12 12s costs for violating the half-holiday in it« application to their em' ployes, numbering 416. The firm consents to comply with the act in future. Tremendously gracious and condescending I This is how Hume Conk, a guiding light < f the Australian Natives, hits off the characteristics of . his countrymen. " The native lacks thoroughness, stability, directness of aim, clear-thinking, and self-dependence." One wonders how J. H. C. managed to avoid the common lot of the indigenous. But then the exception is said to prove the rule. So let it be with J. Hume Cook. Harbour trust has sold the platypus dredge to the Lnunceston Harbour Board for £900. Terms, the last farthiug to be planked down before she moves a foot from Melbourne Rough on the Launceston municipal authorities. Farmers' Excursion within measurabla distance. Thursday the 24th of March announced as ti e happy day for Chiltern bonedicts. It seems an eternity since the Chiltern dames left en masse for Melbourne bifoie. Everything comes, however, to him who waits. Melbourne Government astronomer predicts rain ahpost immediately. Baracehi struggling hard to oa-t the Queensland •JfNraggc from his high niche of popularity as a suceèésftú weather prophet. Melbourne man doing quite faivly well of hie. On the upward grade. Madame Albani had a right royal reception in Sydney. Building rushed when doors were throAH open, and every available spot crowded more than an hour before she. made her áppearai.ce. Her ' first night" in Ausought to satisfy even an Albani. Fever Hospital Fund amounts to £16,207 8d fid ; hush'fires fund to £8,655 3s. Who says Victorians are not generous and charitable after * this ? The latter sum collected in six weeks or at the rate of about £240 a day. Long live such grand and warm-hearted representatives of charity as Victoria warms in her bosom ! Stoddart's eleven played a combined team of Victoria and Queensland at Brisbane. England made a bad beginning. Five wickets for 133 runs at the close of the first day~-fivc best wickets too. Ranjitsinhji top score with a paltry 33. Alas ! how the mighty., have fallen I Game abandoned owing to rain. Khill in despair. Not a drop of ,rain fell in the district—the record being nil. Creek dry for six miles on each side. The flies are terrible too, and the children all afflicted with opthalmia. There are worse places in. which to live than Chiltern after ali. William Marphy, a Granya miner, found a three ounce nugget a few days ago. Went forth to blue it. Blued himself instead. Found dead beside a log in the vicinitv of his festive" enjoyment. Leaves a widow in some unknown region of the colony to mourn her departed prospector. Eoroit in sinking for water struck an inexhaustible supply at a depth of '4 feet and at a cost of £5 10s Od. Here's a hint for Chiltern while tho Barambogie is being emptied and repaired ! for emptied it must .. bo sooner, or later. Puro water at a cost of £5 10s Od! Hamilton Borough Council at its las meeting adopted a water supply scheme at a COH$ of £20,000. This is the sort of Council under whoso administration it must be a 'pleasure to live during the prevalence of a Water famine. Can't we do anything—carry off théir Wives or something so that we may get them" to Chriteru ? If the H&miltou; husbands are likb the Chiltern ones the experiment woliId probably proved a failure titer all t Judge Casey. 1«as a crisp way of putting a C5»,?. V?* » lawyer's way by any means iíívh-.g '••'vi- - ^ field of exercise for the imagination- Ã es' tèwas op for horse horse stealing; Hi* Honor ordered .the íáthér to take tlfljs Tafcawsy and beat him swerly in the preeeiiréxrf^liceinan, and thén return him to the fcartfitTor«entcfcc*. "I írttl he best pleased/' ftdded the mild and mellow Occupant of the bench, to hear that'after the thrashing he is unable to come back !" Talk of*a-fluid- hiut after this. 