BALLARAT may be said to be rapidly approaching a crisis in its history, and should it survive the test of its resources and capabilities during the forthcoming visit of the members of the Convention and the Easter encampment, we shall earn for our beautiful city the highest honor it is possible for an inland centre of industry and population to achieve. The expense of accomplishing all that we desire may be considerable, but it must be a mere bagatelle — that is, a trifle —as compared to the substantial and perma- nent advantages that must accrue from a satisfactory verdict from the crowds, we may shortly expect to visit us from all parts of the Aus- tralian colonies and New Zealand. Nature has been bountiful to us, and human skill and cultured taste has assisted in making Ballarat bright, pleasant and picturesque. This opinion is not based upon mere egotism. It is the estimate formed of it by every in- telligent visitor. Let us not, however, be led away by any pardonable vanity into supposing that we have arrived at perfection, and that to talk of making any improvements here and there in like painting the lily or trying to add another line into the rainbow. That would be a serious blunder. A little reflection must teach us that if we are to do justice to ourselves and to the recipients of our hospitality we shall have to be up and doing. As in the case of other large centres of population, Ballarat has periods of repose, when its streets are quiet, its shops are comparatively empty, the public vehicles stand idly or move along tenantless, and the “hub” is silent like the furnace blast of a foundry shut down for the day. But our thoroughfares present a very different aspect when anything in the form of a public function takes place, or when the people turn out in holiday attire to enjoy themselves. Take, for example, Sturt street and Bridge street on Saturday nights when these arterial thoroughfares become almost impass- able with the crowds of pedestrians, the young people amusing themselves, their elders shopping and per- fecting their arrangements for Sunday dinner. On Saturday night last for instance there were no less than three bands going in full blast in Sturt street all, in the in- terests of trade and business in order to add an important and inspiriting feature to the stirring scene. It is under such conditions that our little weak points are made glaringly per- ceptible, and judging from the facts observable we should make pre- paration for rectifying or minimising the more glaring drawbacks, so that we shall be able to send our guests away happy and contented. In the first place, it is self-evident at times of general festivity that the vehicular traffic of our streets is very indifferently provided for. What are called our trams are simply tantalising. They are wholly inadequate except under normal conditions. The service is inefficient in almost every particular at times when the most is expected from it. Say a tram carries 60 per- sons crammed like sardines; starts from the Buck’s Head. Along the line of route at the intersection of every cross street groups of men, women, and children are seen waiting to go home, but there is no room to be had in the ’bus, so they have to choose between waiting an indefinite period or paying a special cab to get away. We think sufficient encouragement is not given to cabs to run from certain depots to points along Sturt street to suit pas- sengers at cheap fares. The municipal regulations should be equitably en- forced as between trains and cabs and trams, and the excellent effect of com- petition allowed to operate. The double fare charged by trams on Sun- days and holidays is monstrous. It is no less so that cabs can charge 1s 6d after 10 p.m. to run from the Post Office to the Fire Brigade tower in Sturt street, a distance of less than a quarter of a mile. This is a matter purely municipal, and should be attended to without delay. The cleaning and watering of the streets call for attention. Sturt street is poorly watered; the main side streets, north of Armstrong street, depend entirely upon the clerk of the weather for any moisture they receive. Conse- quently in the latter during the summer months the dust lies in layers three or four inches in thickness at the sides, while the crown of the roadway is ground into a series of holes and superficial fractures that in winter recall the glories of the “ glue pot” or the sickening sensa- tion of the Bay of Biscay. In a properly constituted and well- regulated municipality this state of things should not exist. We take it for granted that there are officers appointed to look after such matters. It seems absurd that the City mayor should be called on or find it necessary to do the work of paid officials. His worship has quite enough to do to fulfil the more important functions of his office, and the citizens of Ballarat will expect during the forthcoming festivities that ererv man shall do his duty. Mr SHOPPEE, in the teeth of much brainless opposition and childish sulkiness, has done good work for Ballarat, work that must rebound to the credit and advantage of the dis- trict. Where is the man of leading amongst us would do the same or so effectively? The whole burden of the work has fallen upon his shoulders, and, like the strong man that he is, he enjoys the labor, provided his fellow-citizens appreciate his efforts. The time has come when appreciation must assume a tangible and substantial form. Every man with a stake in Ballarat should put his hand cheerfully in his breeches pocket, and say, “I shall not be wanting in doing the right thing. SHOPPEE has done his part well; let us assist him.” It costs money to make a good show, but the money is well invested. There is not a holder of private property in Ballarat or a man in business that will not benefit and all should contribute liber- ally towards the expense of making Ballarat look its best and assist the mayor to see that it main- tains its honor and prestige, during the next three months, when it may be said to be upon its trial. Recog- nition of personal services may follow. Yesterday was the most trying day experi- enced in Ballarat since the record heat attained during the last week of 1897. The day was close, hot, and sultry, and the atmo- sphere was hazy with the smoke of bush fires in the surrounding forest ranges. The thermo- meter rose to a maximum of 103 degrees, and indoors the temperature was uncomfortable and almost stifling, while to venture outside was to brave a blistering sun temperature of 142 degrees. Shortly after 5 o’clook heavy cloud banks began to rise to the north and a few drops of rain fell, while an occasional puff of wind made matters slightly more endurable. At sunset a cool breeze set in, and there was a little thunder, but it appeared very doubtful whether, after all, the long hoped-for downpour would yet eventuate. The surrounding country is now burnt up and parched in all directions, paddocks being carpeted with brown instead of green, while gardens are withered up and fast approaching ruin, and potato fields were seldom before in such a pitiable condition. The water reser- voirs were seldom lower, and one can walk in almost every part of Lake Wendouree for there has not been a good rainfall for the last 17 weeks, and in order that living and produce generally may not attain famine prices, a heavy rainfall is anxiously desired. Amongst the many bushfires raging in the district around Ballarat, one was reported yesterday from one of the Water Commis- sion’s reserves, near the White Swan hotel, at Slatey Creek. The commisioners have very wisely so arranged their reserves that each one contains several breaks intended to stop the progress of fires. Notwithstanding these pre- cautions, however, it is possible for consider- able damage to be done amongst the valuable timber grown in the reserves. Quite exceptional interest and excitement were aroused by the progress reports of the cricket, match on Saturday as posted at The Star office. Between 50 and 60 telegrams from the cricket ground were posted in the course of the five hours of actual play, so that every addition of 5 or 10 runs to the score was promptly shown. The footpath in front of the office was thronged throughout the afternoon by the cricket enthusiasts, who note with clarity when a new record score has been made, and dilate familiarly and authoritatively on the great achievements of the last half century with bat and ball. Thos Hill’s attain- ment of the highest score in a test match this season was instantly noted and cheered, and the satisfactory outcome of the day’s play from an Australian point of view again evoked evident satisfaction. While many remained awaiting news throughout the five hours, there was a stream of cyclists, horse- men, and occupants of various vehicles passing to and fro to oonvey the news to distant parts, and evidences abounded of the keen concern as to the issue of the fourth test match of this season which is also specially noteworthy as being the fiftieth of the long series between England and Australia. The most notable feature of the test match on Saturday, as indicated elsewhere, was the splendid batting of the young Adelaide player, C. Hill, who scored 182 not out, thus surpass- ing Darling’s 178, the highest previous score in this season’s test matches, Ranjit- sinhji’s 175 coming third on the list. The other centuries of the test matches have been —McLeod's 112, McLaren’s 109, and Darling’s 101. In all eleven a-side matches with Stoddart’s team Hill again heads the list with 200; the other chief scorers having been—Ranjitsinhji 189, Hill, 182 (not out), 177, Ranjitsinhji 177, McLaren 142, Mason 128 (not on ). McLaren 124. Ranjitsinhji 112 (not out), McLeod 112, McLaren 109, Donnan. 104, Darling 101, and McLaren 100. If Hill were to be accepted as judge of the relative merits of Australian and English bowling the verdict would surely be emphatic. In inter- colonial matches this season he has only made the paltry scores of 11, 20 and 2; while against. English bowling his totals have been 200, 45, 19, 96, 58, 81 and 182 not out. The fourth test match had a startingly in- suspicious commencement for the Australians. The losses of such batsmen as McLeod for 1, and Gregory without scoring, were particu- larly surprising and disappointing to sup- porters of Trott’s Eleven. At the falls of the wickets the scores were—1 for 1, 2 for 25, 3 for 25, 4 for 26, 5 for 37, and 6 for 58. A break in the reverses however then occurred, and 223 had been scored before the 7th wicket fell, while at the drawing of the stamps the total was 275 without further loss. Of these C. Hill had made 182 (not out), and Trumble 46\. When play closed for the day, on the re- turn to the pavilion, Hill was greeted with round after round of applause, and congratula- tions were poured on him from all sides. His was truly a splendid performance, and one which those who had the pleasure of witness- ing will not readily forget. He never gave the slightest chance during his long innings. The general hope expressed by the majority of people as they loft the ground was that he might reach Murdooh’s great score of 210. The fielding was excellent from beginning to end, and considering the great heat was all the more creditable. The bowling, on the whole, was also good, Hearne in particular being in fine form. Regarding the wicket, there is a doubt that it played much better towards the close of the day’s play than it did in the earlier stages of the game, but it could not be called bad by any means. Many of those present attributed the preliminary Australian collapse to over- anxiety. An effort is to be made to induce the Rail- way Department to run cheap excursion trains to the Gardens siding on Easter Sunday, the 10th of April, when the troops at the Easter encampment will take part in a church parade. It is pointed out that the service, when so numerously attended, will be a very fine one, and that numbers of people will desire to be present, while the railway revenue will also considerably benefit if the request be acceded to. One of the most interesting features at the Ballarat Swimming Club’s annual matches was the military competition. Five teams com- peted, there being four competitors in each. No. 1 of each team took the water together and swam to the other side of the baths, where four rifles were laid. The men sprang ashore, and each fired three rounds from his rifle and started for the opposite side again. On arriving they each gave a rubber band to the second man of their re- spective teams, and the process was repeated until the fourth man of each team came home, and the first team that completed the condi- tions won the match. The Geelong Artillery were ahead at the first round, but No. 1 team of A Company of the 3rd Battalion then assumed the lead, and kept it all through the match. The Geelong men made a mistake in slipping the band over their wrists, thus causing delay in giving it to their comrades. A destructive fire occurred at 4 o’clock on Saturday morning in Ballarat East, when a six-roomed dwelling, occupied by Mr James Tainsh, in Magpie street, at the rear of the Observatory, was almost totally destroyed. The brigade arrived with promptitude, but only a small portion of the building was saved, although the greater part of the furniture escaped damage as it was quickly removed. The origin of the fire is attributed to the fact that Mrs Tainsh had risen a short time prior to the outbreak and lighted a candle to attend to the children, seven in number, who were rescued in their night garments only, so rapid was the spread of the flames. The house is covered by insurance to the extent of £150, but this will be a very small compensation for Mr Tainsh’s loss. The extremely hot weather has been re- markably oppressive to persons in delicate health. The infant mortality has, however, been small compared with that during the last heat wave between Christmas and the New Year. The majority of deaths of late have been among the adults. The services in commemoration of Bishop Parry’s jubilee were continued at the Cathedral Church yesterday, when sermons were preached morning and evening by the Rev. Canon Good- man, of Geelong. The Dean and church offi- cials regret that on neither occasion was the congregation at all worthy of the Cathedral Church, and that each presented a striking contrast to the ordinary congregations attend- ing Christ Church. A resume given during the evening services of the work of Bishop Parry was very interesting, and showed what one man may accomplish who has a fixed aim in view, and who is possessed of tact, energy, and ability. The preacher, who is one of the oldest clergy in the Melbourne diocese, having been some 45 years in the colonies, was able to gives some very interesting information as to the progress of church work during the past 50 years, and his testimony, it is con- sidered, as well as that of the Dean of Mel- bourne on Friday evening, is one to occasion much cause for thankfulness to this branch of tho Anglican Church. If, however, it is pointed out, the Church of England is to do as much in the next 50 years as in the past a great deal more loyalty to principle and to the church itself must be shown than has been evidenced in Ballarat during the holding of these services. All the seats in Shoppee square have now been covered with frames to allow of awnings being placed upon them as a protection from the sun on hot days. On Saturday the im- provement was greatly appreciated. The hearing of the charge of perjury against Louisa Lashbrook, arising out of the maintenance case, Louisa Lashbrook v Walter Martin, was proceeded with at the City Court, on Saturday after a lengthy postponement extending over two months. In the mainten- ance case mentioned an order was made against Martin, which subsequently gave rise to a prosecution for conspiracy against four persons, including the father and mother of Martin, which culminated in the present charge. Mr Tuthill, who appeared for the defendant, announced that he had been in- structed that the parties to the proceedings, Mrs Martin and Louisa Lashbrook, had come to an understanding. If this was accom- plished, he asked that the case might be struck out. Mr Barrett, who appeared for the prosecution, said he had no in- structions to that effect. Mr Tuthill announced that, with a view to wiser coun- sels prevailing, he would make an appeal. The defendant’s brother died no Friday as the result of an accident, and the news only reached Ballarat that morning. She and her friends were desirous of getting away to the funeral, and he therefore asked that the case be postponed. Mr Barrett said that if the court adjourned for a quarter of hour the whole matter could be settled. He had just been instructed to that effect. The court was accordingly adjourned, and upon resum- ing Mr Barrett announced that Mrs Martin was prepared to withdraw the charge if Miss Lashbrook would publicly express her regret for certain underhand things which she had done, and admit that her statement as to Martin’s paternity was inaccurate. Mr Tut- hill intimated that the defendant was pre- pared to meet Mrs Martin to the extent that she would withdraw all further claims against Martin, but she would not be guilty of telling a lie. He desired to state publicly, so that there should be no mistake afterwards, that she could not be a party to that lie. The case was then postponed until next Monday at 11 o’clock. The Orient R.M.S. Cuzco arrived at Albany on Saturday morning. Her Victorian mails should be delivered on Wednesday. The mayor, with Messrs W. Anderson, M.L A., Brazenor, and Douglas, on Saturday interviewed the land-holders to the south of the City who had not been met on the previous day and readily obtained their consent to the military marching and firing over their grounds on the occasion of the Easter En- campment. Altogether holders of nearly 11,000 acres have given their consent, and not one refusal has been met with. On the other hand, the mayor has been congratulated on all sides upon having secured the encamp- ment for Ballarat. Under the new mail arrangements coming into force in February, the British mails in future will close on Wednesdays instead of Tuesdays. A charge of having, as alleged by the pro- secution, brutally assaulted a boy 9 years of age, was heard before Messrs Johns, P.M., Griham, and Permewan, J’s.P., at the City Court on Saturday against a powerfully built man named George Wilson. The boy whom he was charged with having ill-used was his son, Samuel. The accused was also charged with having assaulted Constable Nicholson, when, on the 18th inst., the constable had occasion to go to the accused’s house to inter- view the boy Samual concerning an alleged larceny of 9d from another boy named Brown. The boy admitted the offence, whereupon, ac- cording to the constable, the father flew into a violent rage, declaring that he would make an example of his son and prevent him from again thieving. He than beat the boy unmercifully with the buckled end of a broad belt. Nichol- son interfered, and the accused struck him in the face, and in his rage threatened to further assault him but the constable threw him down. He subsequently apologised to the constable. Mrs Brown, the mother of the boy from whom it was alleged that the 9d had been stolen, corroborated Nicholson’s evidence. Wilson’s son was found to be suffering from lameness and several bruises and cuts three days after he had been maltreated. Mr Barrett, who appeared for the defence, stated that the accused had lived in Ballarat for 40 years, and had reared his family respectably The accused denied having used the buckled ends of the strap, and stated that the punish- ment had not been unduly severe. The bench, having examined the belt with which the thrashing had been administered, expressed the opinion that the constable was mistaken in his idea that the buckled ends were used, because they were of solid motel and would have broken the boy’s bones. The first charge was dismissed, and a fine of 10s was imposed for the assault on Constable Nicholson. William Sleep, 60 years old, of Errard streat, was treated at the Hospital on Satur- day for a cut on the wrist, caused through being struck by a falling piece of reef while working at the Star of the East. Thomas Heathcote, 21, of Ripon street, was attended to for a lacerated and contused wound on the head, sustained through a piece of iron falling on him while he was at work. Frank Walker, 32, of Errard street, received attention for a light injury to the eye, the result of a splash from a hammer at the Phœnix Foundry. The boy Henry Lashbrook, who was run over by a cart at Buninyong on Thursday night last and sustained serious injuries, died at 5 o’cloak on Friday night. This lad was a brother of the unfortunate girl Louisa Lash- brook, who is now charged with perjury arising out of the maintenance case Lashbrook v Martin. She was before the City Court on Saturday, but the case was adjourned until to day to allow her to attend the funeral. The girl, who whilst in her present unfortu- nate position has lost her brother in this terrible manner, is obliged to attend the court to day, when the hearing of the charge against her will be resumed. Particulars of the acci- dent to her brother appeared in The Star of Saturday. The death of the boy was reported to Mr Johns, the coroner, who decided that no inquest was necessary. The City Council some time ago determined to cut the rushes at Lake Wendouree with its own steamer, instead of letting the work, as formerly, upon contract. A boat was built, but the machinery ordered was found to be too heavy for the hull, with the result that the bow of the boat ran a foot or two lower than was desired. The boat was, however, made to work and a shed built for housing it. Now that the lake is very low, however, the steamer cannot be drawn within yards of the shed. As a result of the visit of councillors on Saturday, however, it has been determined to sink the lake deeper or rather clean it out at this point. Owing to the prevalence of bush fires in the surrounding district, the Union Church, Gren- viile, was yesterday closed for the day, mem- bers of the congregation deeming it unsafe to leave their homes. The Rev. W. S. Macqueen preached a practical sermon to a large congregation at St. John’s Presbyterian Church last night on the narrative of healing the man with the withered hand. He gathered from the record of our Lord’s life that he was strict in his observance of the Sabbath and regular in his attendance at the house of God. Nowadays church-going and Sabbath-keeping were largely matters of fashion and convenience. Men talked vaguely of seeing God in nature, and babbled of green fields. He had a shrewd suspicion that those who most wisely admired God in nature were the men and women who did not forsake the assembling of themselves together, as the manner of some was. The worshippers in the Synagogue that day saw a strange thing. They saw the power of God coming down into their hum-drum synagogue and filling it with Divine glory. And when the story spread the people who were absent would have given their ears to be there. He then asked who were the important people of the congregation. Some said the men who paid. No doubt they were very necessary, and he prayed that the tribe might increase. Some said it was the regular agttendant, who was of a rare avis. The most important man in any con- gregation was he who had a sense of his need. This man was well aware that he had a withered hand, and that was quite enough for God to start a work upon. The man with a withered hand in the Synagogue had to make a venture of his faith before he could be cured. He was told to do what was a physical impos- sibility, hat he was most wilting to try, and because he tried he was healed. In earnest language Mr Macqueen made a practical ap- plication of the narrative to present day and spiritual needs. It will be learned with regret that Mr M. Stapleton, M.L.A., is at present confined to his room through indifferent health. The Rev. R. C. Flockhart, an aged minister of the Wesleyan Church, died at his residence, Malvern, on Saturday afternoon at 3 o'clock. The late clergymen was for 48 years con- nected with the Wesleyan ministry, and labored with acceptance and success in South Australian circuits from 1850 till 1867. During 1868 and 9 the rev. gentleman was stationed in Daylesford, and subsequently in the Melbourne, Beechworth, Clunes, Sale, Sandhurst, Geelong (Yarra street) circuits, and occupied the position of the superinten- dent of the Ballarat East (Barkly street) cir- cuit during 1887, 8, 9. In 1885 Mr Flockhart was elected president of the Victorian and Tasmanian conference, and in that capacity preached the first anniversary sermons of the new Lydiard street Wesleyan Church. He was also chair- man of the Ovens and Murray, Gippsland, Sandhurst, and Geelong and Ballarat dis- tricts whilst stationed in those localities. The rev. gentleman was a vigorous and out- spoken preacher and a popular platform orator. He had a commanding presence in the pulpit, and possessed elocutionary abilities of no mean order. There are throughout Aus- tralia numbers of young men in every walk of life who have been indebted to the labors of the late minister, and his kind and genial manner, his sterling qualities, and his true and never-swerving friendship for their en- couragement to manfully fight the battles of life. After removing from the Ballarat East cir- cuit the rev. gentleman was placed on the supernumerary list, but continued to render service in various directions of value to the connection, and also to the Armadale Wes- leyan Church and congregation. His last visit to Ballarat was to render public and appreciative service on Her Majesty's Jubilee Sunday, when he conducted the memorable church parade service in the Lydiard street Wesleylan Church. Two of the sons of the late Mr Flockhart are in the Wesleyan minis- try, viz., the Rev. D. J. Flockhart, of St. Kilda, and the Rev. S. C. Flockhart, of Preston. The important subject of treaching swimming to children attending State schools in Vic- toria was broughtt prominently under notice at the Eastern Baths on Saturday afternoon, when Mr F. G. Richardson gave an exhibition of swimming, and illustrated the methods of rescuing drowning persons. Mr Richardson was assisted by his four children, who showed great skill in their performances. Mr Richard- son, who is the hon. sec. of the Victorian Swimming Association, offered to teach children the useful arts of swimming and saving life, and emphasised the necessity that these subjects should be included in the regular State school curriculum. The new Rubicon street Wesleyan Church was used for the first time yesterday for church services, and was crowded, notwith- standing the very oppressive weather. Special services, as described in another column, were he;d, and the proceedings gave promise of the future prosperity of the church. The new building is of a very handsome design, and compares favorably with any church in Ballarat in this respeot. Mr W. E. Gribble is the architect and Messrs Frank- lin and Sons were the contractors for the earthen work, and Mr T. Lyons for the latter portion. The fibre plaster decorations, used for the first time in Ballarat, were supplied by Messrs Wardrop and Scurry, of Melbourne; Messrs J. Tainsh and Clark, of Ballarat, sup- plied the seats; Mr J. Mann, the 13 Welsbach burners with which the church is lighted. The total cost of the church was £1400, and this sum was raised without resorting to appeals for contributions or any other means of raising funds, such as concerts and entertain- ments, the cost being defrayed by voluntary offerings solely. Very frequently children are brought to the Hospital suffering from injuries caused through being lifted by the arms, dislocations of the shoulders, and fractured wrists and collarbones, frequently resulting from this cause. On Saturday a child, of two years, named Francis Hill, whose parents live in Eureka street, was lifted by the arms by a sister, with the result that the child subse- quently needed attention at the Hospital for a fracture of the forearm. On Friday a meeting was held of persons favorable to changing the time for giving re- ligions instruction in State schools. The Dean of Ballarat occupied the chair. After discus- sion it was moved by Mr Eggington, and seconded by the Rev. C. Hudsen, that the secretary (Mr Joseph Mitchell) should en- deavor to obtain the sanction of the depart- ment for the following changes of hour:—The first half hour in lieu of the last, because at the latter the children are tired out. The secre- tary stated that there were 26 classes in the various State schools without any religions teaching, and he thought that if the conces- sion asked for was granted clergymen would unite more fully in the work of teaching the school children. Before the meeting closed the Dean was elected president of the league. The institution of band concerts in Sturt street has been the means of considerably enlivening the City on Saturday nights and of bringing out large numbers who would other- wise stay at home. Bulch's Band on Satur- day night played a select programme in front of the City Hall, and Prout's Band also cap- ably performed in the rotunda, near The Star office. Messrs Pearce (district traffic superinten- dent) and Wetherspoon (Western station master), accompanied by Lieutenaut Colonel Williams, yesterday morning drove over the common to inspect the site to be occupied at the forthcoming military encampment. The sidings at the gardens, at the cattle yards, and at Cardigan were examined carefully, with a view to settling how the traffic of the troops and the public can best be arranged. It is probable that the outcome of the visit will be a recommendation that most of the public traffic shall be managed from the gardens siding, where cabs will be in waiting to con- vey those who desire to see the troops to the camp, a distance of about two miles. Mayor Shoppee was also one of the party, and pro- mised to made complete arrangements for regulating the cab traffic. The Benevolent Asylum Committee will meet to-night. The business to be transacted at the annual conference of the Amalgamated Miners' Association, to be opened at Stawell on Tues- day, the 22nd of February, is of considerable interest and imporance to the members of the organisation. The Stawell branch will submit a motion providing that only past presidents shall be eligible for election as ex president; and the Malmsbury branch pro- poses that the office of the general secretary shall be permanent, unless be misconduct himself or the annual conference or execu- tive council demand his resignation. The fact that of late years several branches have not been represented at the annual con- ference has given rise to the following motion by the Zeehan branch: —“That a time has arrived when a fund shall be crested by the A.M.A., through the means of a levy upon all members, for the purpose of compelling all branches to be represented at the annual con- ference, and all expenses of such conference to be paid out of the funds of the A.M.A. Conferences to be held in all places which have branches with a membership of over 50, and such visits to begin with the largest branches still unvisited." The Rutherglen branch make a proposal for the institution of a minimum wage for miners, and the officers suggest the advisabiiity or otherwise of branches being allowed to form sub branches in outlying parts of their district, and that a badge of membership should be issued to members. The half-yearly report of the Creswick branch of the Amalgamated Miners’ Asso- ciation of Victoria, submitted to the general meeting held on Saturday evening, shows the general assets of the branch to be £1158 11s 4d. This includes £412 14s, deposited in de- funct City of Melbourne Bank. An amount of £203 has been paid by the trustee out of the trust fund into the general account, to meet the excess of accident pay. Since the incep- tion of the branoh the total receipts have totalled £48,360 10s 5d, and the expenditure £47197 10s 4d. For the past year £665 3s 4d has been paid away in accident pay. There are 960 financial members in the branch, the number being increased by 100 this term. The report refers to the good feeling and kindly relationship that continues to exist between the mine-owners and the miners. The Anglican bishop (Dr Thornton) is ex- pected to arrive in Ballarat on Wednesday. It is understood that he has intimited that he does not desire a welcome of a public nature. The following are the nominations of officers of the Miners’ Association to be elected at the annual conference: — President, Mr John Bennett; by Daylesford and Bethanga branches; Mr George Hawke, by Bendigo and St. Aruaud branches. Vice-president—Mr T. H. Lawn, by Ballarat branch. Treasurer, Mr A. W. Withers, by Stawell branch; Mr James Kirby, by Ballarat branch. Secretary, Mr John Praed, by Bendigo, Jericho, Rutherglen, St. Arnaud, Daylsford, Mathinna, Malms- bury, Maldon and Bethanga branches. Trus- tees, Mr P. S. Williams, by Bendigo branch. Auditors, Mr W. Lambert, by Malmsbury and Daylesford branches; Mr L. B. Elshang, by Creswick and Daylesford branches. Edwin George Cottle, who was prosecuted for violently assaulting his wife a day or two ago, and who was discharged on his promising to leave Ballarat and not molest her further, again appeared at the City Court on Saturday as a result of not keeping his promise. In- stead of leaving Ballarat he had been idling about drinking, and on Friday went back to the unfortunate woman's home and created a disturbance. At the court on Saturday he pleaded that he merely went to the house to obtain his clothes. Mr Johns declined to believe any more of his protestations and sent him to gaol for three days. Lieutenant Harry Westrup Salmon, of the Victorian Mounted Rifles, has been promoted to be surgeon-captain, and to rank on the medical staff next after Surgeon-captain W. J. Gray. Though the change of weather was scarcely perceptible in the city yesterday afternoon, it was otherwise at the lake. The wind blew across the water with great force, necessitating the taking down of all sails, and some of the craft whose crews neglected this precau- tion narrowly escaped being overturned. A great cloud of dust was blown over the water, and this was followed by much heavier rain than was experienced in the city. Mr Robert Don is gradually improving in the Ballarat Hospital. An infant boarded out to a licensed nurse living in Grenville street died somewhat sud- denly on Saturday night. As it is necessary, even though there may be no suspicions cir- cumstances connected with such deaths, to hold an enquiry in all cases where children are cared for under the provisions of the Infant Protection Act, Mr R. E. Johns, P.M., yesterday enquired into the circumstances attending the death. Dr Chapman, who is acting as locum tenens for Dr Teevam, deposed that death was due to ???, and not in any way neglect, and Mr Johns recorded his opinion in accordance with the profes- sional evidence. At the Town Police Court on Saturday three inebriates were delt with, and a debt case was also disposed of. This completed the list. Richard Laity, the old man who was recently sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment by the Town bench for vagrancy, will be transferred to the Geelong Gaol to- morrow. Laity, who was formerly an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum left that institution with the avowed object of cultivating a piece of land at Brown Hill, but as he took to roaming the streets and soliciting aid he fell into the hands of the police. There are at present 10 cases of typhoid fever under treatment in the Ballarat Hos- pital. Although the typhoid season is at its height in other places, it is somewhat late in Ballarat this year. Mr Chas. W. Frost, of Snake Valley, has been appointed electoral registrar for the Carngham division of the electoral district of Grenville, vice the late Mr Daniel Jones At a meeting of the Beaufort Agricultural Society held in the Shire Hall on Saturday afternoon, and presided over by Mr George Lewis (president), the prize-list was arranged for the evening show, the date of which was fixed for Wednesday, 23rd March. An un- successful effort was made to reduce the prices of admission to 1s all day instead of 2s 6d in the morning and 1s in the afternoon. A number of gentlemen were selected as judges, and the secretary was instructed to communi- cate with them. The Buninyong Electoral Revision Court will be held at the courthouse on the 11th of February, at a quarter past 3 o'clock, and that at Rokewood at 11 o’clock, on the 15th of February. The first rehearsal of “The Creation” by the Ballarat Philharmonic Society will be held in the Manchester Unity Hall, Grenville street to-night. Members are requested to bring their copies with them, and also to re- turn all money and tickets still owing from the last oratorio. New members wilt be en- rolled before the commencement of the re- hearsal . Mr Thos. Chamberlain has been appointed returning officer for the Ararat Mining Board elections, temporarily, in succession to Mr A.. H. Rutherford, resigned. The Durham, Scotchmans. Napoleon, Whim Holes and Black Lead Goldfield Common has been further diminished by the excision of ahout 100 acres in the parish of EnfieId; and the United Goldfield Common of Lintons, Browns, Springdaliah, Happy Valley, Lucky Woman’s, and Italian Gully has also been diminished by the deduction of 2200 acres in the parishes of Argyle and Clarkesdale. Ladies and visitors are cordially invited to attend to night’s meeting of the City branch of the Australian Natives’ Association, when Messrs Adam and Coxon will give an interest- ing entertainment, entitled “A trip to Ire- land.” Choice lantern views will be shown. Pitfield Plains and Illabrook have been gazetted as polling places for the mining board elections for the Smythe’s Creek division and of the Ballarat Mining district. In accordance with a Government Gazette proclamation a bank half-holiday will be ob- served at Clunes on 10th February, 