Poowong. A few weeks ago in one of my communica- tions, whilst commenting on the state of the country, I expressed the hope that the bush fires which devastated the place would do a little good by burning out the snakes. My hopes have not been realised, as the reptiles are making their presence felt in no uncer- tain manner. The case of the boy Murdoch, who was at- tacked by a tiger snake whilst bathing in a waterhole, and who succumbed to the poison in a short time. One day last week Mrs. Robert Mudroch, mother of deceased, laid down on a sofa and dropped off to sleep. She was awakened by a cold sensation on her cheek, and, thinking it was one of the girls playing a joke on her, she sprang up with the idea of giving the joker a start. But the spirit of the joke died clean away when Mrs. Murdoch discovered that she had thrown a 4-foot tiger snake off her neck. He scream quickly brought Miss Murdoch on the scene, and that plucky girl killed the brute as it was in the act of making a second spring at her mother, having once sprang unsuccesfully. We all congratulate Mrs. Murdoch on her escape. Less fortunate, however, was Mr. Waum, of the Bass Valley. He was in the act of turning over a log when a tiger snake fasten- ed on his little finger, where it hung tena- ciously for some time. A companion chopped the finger off at the first joint, and chloride of lime was injected at the State school. The luggage train was stopped at Loch, and Mr. Waum was taken on board and conveyed to Korumburra. Dr. Joyce had a hard battle with the poison, and for a long time the issue was in doubt. Mr. Waum is now out of danger, but is very weak through loss of blood. In the Insolvency court on Monday, in granting an unconditional discharge of his debts to a railway employe, His Honor, Judge Molesworth said it was a shame to see many who received regular wages coming to the court and not paying their debts. Tradesmen, he said, should protest them- selves by refusing to give them credit to any extent. 