GflAI'TER XVIII. HtiCKLI.Vft A MINISTER. j ho engagement became known 111 the course of tho afternoon, and the news was received in a mannerafter all very gratifying to the happy "pair. TTsdyAdaToline-Seilwood- did,_inde£;<i,. insist on kissing her future son-in-law, but the obvious attitude she now assumed did not impose upon him for a moment. lie had seen through her the night before; he could never believe in tho woman again. fn any ease, however, her affectation of blank sur prise, and her motherly qualms concerning tho prospective loss of her ewe-lamb, were a little overacted even for so inexperienced an observer as the I)uke of St. Osmund's. She knew it. too. and hated .Tack with all her hollow heart for having found her out; to him it was afterthis a reliof to listen to the some what guarded observations of Mr. .Soli wood, whoso feelings in the matter were just a little "ffTixoclr Of the rest, Francis Freko volunteered his j sorvices for the great event, and both he, and his wife (whobrought down her entire speak ing family to say good night, to " tfnelo Jack'"} were consumed with that genuine delight in thchappinossof others which was their strongest ! •point; -<Maiide.-too, was not only " vory nice--; about it, 'as Olivia said, but his behaviour, in what was for him a rather delicate situation, showed both tact and self-control. Never for a rnoniont. did look or word of his suggest tho unsuccessful suitor; though, to be.sure, he had scarcely qualified for suoii a role, Olivia and he. had never been more than friends. On her side, at least,, the friendship had bcen~oT~ that perfectly frank and chronic character _which is leasti likojy to develop into lows. And no one knew this bettor than Claudo himself, who. moreover, was not even yet absolutely sure that his own undoubted affections were inspired by the divine impulse for which his poet's heart had so often yearned. At all events, he had thought upon the one maiden for very many months; anrl, pntiring it no higher than this, his present eon 'net wasAiiatbf a tolerably iiVagnaiiirabns~ man, ; The one person who raised an unsympathetic eyebrow at the news was "Dairytuple, the .-Squatter. I To seemed surprised, and, for tho th'o deplorably cynical view of women for which fciie ownor _of Oarara had been quite "notorious "i the haekblocks, and tho squatter's -disjyl jasnw did not rankle. X ir was itox prea-aj.a second tin'ie. Dither fliVV'sight ol~ the pair together, who made no secret of their happiness; eithor tliis pretty spectacle,or tho die.talcs of good taste, moved Dalrymple "mfirnately to the most-graceful—congratuia-. tions they ha<l yet received. And it was charatiteristic^uf-the-man fdiat iiis remarks took tho form of an u isolicitcd speech_at_thc"' the dinner table. ——Tfo -had J icon only a few hours m the. house, yet to all but Mr. ScTTwood f-who-did notancct him until ovoning) too hours soomci days. For tlvvSrpTiSWor Wis <>ncrof—thow—wh •> carry with them the weight of their own pre sence, the bveafh of an intrinsic power. subtly Tfelt from the ftr-sLy thus Shir_Ii ttle~7i"on«c-paftv~' had taken nior-sbiotieo of hhrn iirono afrernnon than the. norma! stranger would have tractod Hi a week, and to these it already sWeihcd inevitable that ho .should lead ami that they shouid follow, whether they would or no. Accordingly they wero n >r in the least surprised t-osec. Dalryunplo on his log- when th;> eanfmheloth had b ;o> removed, though all hut .ftp-k-d'-.H>n»ad_th» a-t a lib -riv; and tho. squatter still adopted the tone of a master felicitating his man rather than that of a guest congratulating his host. - tinflht cmd f,,lj nfpr.!^. and thqjpeaker himself made a sufficiently taking figure, leaning slightly forward, with the tips ot his well-shaped lingers just resting on the black oak board^hat dimly reflected them. An unexceptionable shirtfront sat per fectly on his full, deep ohbst, a single peari glistening in its centre; and there wasa gleam eY®? teetfa—hetween—-the -close-cropped,—III white-moustache and-the ugly, Jnohileiiether_ • lip. wheuca evefy word fell datindt anddear u i, ^envery irom n's own iafjDnt Bencli 5 and_hg was oeitainly interested in the story of the iron hut arid thlTiavages or Northern _QuoansfandljWhioh Dalrvmpie re peated with the happiest effect. Olivia for gave him certain earlier passages on the -Strength or these; Mier heart was full - she aare not fake Jior eyes from the simple cbstfi^ about her wrist, for they were dun. The speech -closed ^ with the dramatio climax or thecal©; there had been but one inter ruption to the flow of well-chosen words, and that was when the speaker stopped to to°his°host8moklnB canti,« without appealing The health of the pair was theiTdrunk with appropriate enthusiasm; poor Jack blurted out a few honest words, hardly intelligible from his emotion, and the three ladies left the room. " j -There s one more point to that yarn/' satdJMrymple, closing the door he had held open. that I-don't think you yourself ale aware of, Jack. It was when you got back to Jihe store with jrour shirt burnt Off your back, ^hd ^thox- ountryin^-blaze-ail-routidrthat I hrst noticed the legend on yonr^hest. As you probably know, Mr. Sellwood, the Duke -has one ofythouFrench eagles tattooed upon his chest. I aawMt that day for the first time; 1 felt sure it meant something. And - years afterwards, when I heard that a London solicitor was scouring the colonies for the uti k"wn Duke of ttt. Osmund's it was the Biuldon recolioction of that mark which jnade me, to some extent, the happy instrument <>f: his discovery." , , , tent;1 * cried Jack, wringing his bsiiefactor s hand. " I've always said so. J i yd J wood, X owe him o vc ry t h i ng, and yet iie - makes a song about nay. scar in" away a few blackfellows with a bushfire" By the hokey, "I've a good" triiiid to havo "appiiy-with—trr-ever-afterfor 1ns pains? - • - - The Home Secretary bent his snowy head ; , * n w inn OHW w J llt.rltl | ( n'sj^y^ce was the seat of that peculiarly '.?rt_irt" exprossirm with -which"-political can eatiirists have familiarized the worid. Dal rymplo's liglit oyes_ twinkled liho polished flints, Here was high game worthy of his jpw. He-took the empty chair on Mr Soil woodsieftr — "I understand, sir, that you are fatally bitten with golf?" began the'squatter, in his airiest manner. The other lit a cigarette with insolent de~ liberation before replying. ^ m if the game," he said at length, 1 if that's what you mean." \--hhl'hat wfts__precisely what, I did mean. Pardon me if I used an unparliamentary-ex pression; I have lately read so much in your Lnglish papers—with which T never permit myself, to foso touch—of tlio fiirrcWihiug woyagos of the game. Certainly the disease bo-v/idespreii3_w3ion one finds- a (' -MmislorMo_wri with the golf." unet "We don't prououncothe 1," Mr. Sellwood observed.—-WWo call it golf." For though in political life an imptu-t urbabie temper was ono of hjg'-ropstmdipTrt-virtiios,- the Home .Socio; ary j was notoriously touchy on the" siiliiccf of "liis" } only game. j Dairymplo laughed outright-. | , Sure- symptom, my dear sir, of a thoroughly dangerous case" Put prav excuse my lovitv; f fear wo become a lit tie too addicted to chaff in the uncivilized wilds. I am honestly most curious about tHogame. I'm an old fogey mysidf, and J might like to lake itJ.ip if it revdly lias any merits" ft has many," put in Claude eboerilv, to divert an attack which Mr. fJollwood wasqmt.o certain to resent. ^ " Has it?*'said the squatter incredulously, f'or trio life of out. f can t s<!C where. tun.se j merits come in. Today yourself out to hit ■ a-^>i tin ng t 'a1, 1. J it as soon shoot, a roosl 111f lion.' "Hear, hear," cried Tack '■ Tli3t.s_c.vact.ljr_ • what ,1 say, Mr. Dalrympie." j The discussion had in fact assumed the con ; sfcitnont elements of a "foursome;" this was J no doubt the reason why the Homo Secretary I was unable any longer to maintain the .silence of dignified disdain. " 1 should like to take you out, the tw > of you," ho said, "with a driver and a ball between you. J should like to see which of yon would hit that sitting ball first, and limv far. ' ''We'll take you on tomorrow. " •■xftlnimotl Jack. Tfut theMfoiiTe""SerrotRrv-mudo-rt»i-rr.]r|y.— I " I m not keen,"remarked Dairy mpl.u. ft; can't be a first-class game." " V'ou're liardlv qualified to judge," snapped Sellwood. " since you'vn neviw pi,-)', i-d." "Kxactly why 1 am qualified. I'm not down with the disease." | ~""Then pray let us adopt the llukn'.s .«!,-gg<-s ; tion, and piny a foursome"to-morrow [ sit. I',li, Mr. , I beg your pardon, but. J i quite forgot your name'.'" " DalrympK" replied tlio squatter; "and I yours oneo Risrr?" I " Look in \Vhitaker, ' responded tin i-Seerotary. rising; and be left the fa! i angered by tlio weakness of | where indeed it was weak noes ! plied at all. I Decirff.dly tlio squatter was no eomfortab.'o | guest. Apart from his monstrous fr- erii-iu or" sprsvcch and action, which might pass perhaps j rm a bush station, but certainly not iri an i Lnglish country house, he was f fui .mua.il v falling foul of somebody. Now it. v.as tlio j butler, now a fellow-guest, and lastly a* ebii , nootion of his host, and one of Jfer .Majesty's j "Ministers* Info the bargain: Tn each ease,-to be sure, the other side was primarily in the I wrong ; t.hr; ljutler was the, worse for "drink; j-tha.l'urtbfrt'in. man had indulged in gratuitous rabu-se-ef-his -friend-:- even -Mr. .Soli wood.Jiad . t '.ki n ii.'i'.i i1 what wa.s.ji-ii a.oi- ^s pure ehatf. ; and had h mn thu first to begin the game, of j downright rmh-ncss at which the old Aus I tralian had soon beaten hiui. Vet t:he. f.mt ro 1 niaiiiodjdiat llalrymple, was the moving spirit, ; in—r-ao?!—m^pla'asaiimoss:" Ho had—he,.n -j, j moving si>iritsince tlio moment- he set forff, in : tlie housp, and this was exact)v what the other Lgussts resented. fbit it was becoming pain -folly-apparent that JaidrhTmMir"wbuId T.rl<7r nothing amiss; that ho was constitutioiVally uiialde to regard Dairyinpic in any other light than tbTTt of hisob] master, wlio coulfl .still dr> no wrong. And this be.ing so, it v/as 1 r.-, - possible for another to complain. i la-'liicd,—when Mr. .Hedlwood joyjed— tha i ladies, who happened to be in the conservatory, th savage words upon Jiis lips, tns wife <V^ • t UUIU.l « t I- • 1 * ' 1 1 JJ - » T "' Iv'i' stuck up for the. maligneij eoirinjst. That, how -over, .was partljLfr.om tlio instirilr-t u»f <v«nj<;gal opposition, and parflv because Lady f'arohm < . a.nu ^Hr' i y s« ivauv * .iroilni) , wasbiirseif afraid of " this fellow Dairytrip'u," [_as ber iiusband could rail Trim-fluently ruiough i i/efiihel his TXii/k."- "Tfjootber-men were not • Jong in joining the indignant Minister. They i had finished their ejgar«ftes», but Jack had ! donned his gorgeous snv,king-cap by special ruquest of frady Caroline, who beamed upon liiih anil 'it fr un her c.irair. " — - • -tor "It'« turned.out to be. a little .too small lor' Claude," replied her^ysbip sweetly.Vir-— '" Claude, you've "bad an escape,' said the _-Home Secretary._ "Jack. thy bpy.you-have ; my ey " " - - . I don't require it, thankypu,sii\"lsughpd the lluke. " I'm proud ofmyaelf, jtell you. voul(Jii"t 'O&lryiDplfi;? ^ ^ \uiiiiin indued ; so the CAP gOCB Oil with ^k^cormyetrdoesit?;^dedtb0'aquatter,iutj; witlrsuclrgood humour that it was impossible wonder how jfrwill fitrniBV :'~And hgJiftidLthe thing off Jack's head by the golden tassel, and_ dropped it upon his own. - " 1 "Too email atrain." Bftid Jack; -indeed the \- purple monstrosity aat upon thomassive hair less liead liko a thimbleon_a billiard-ball. " And it doesn't suit yon a bit," added Oli via," wholwas once -more ina Bimmer-j)[ in - dignation with_ her ... lover's exasperating_ friend. - . : 'iNo.morfl ..would tlie coronet," replied Dalryin]jle, j-oplfteing th e~H?noki Jig-cap on its owner's head. "By-the-way, Jack, where do .you keep your coronet?"' ' " IVliure do I koep niy_coronot?" Rsked the Duko of His" Major-domo. " I've never set eyes on it.y " They have ltTak the Bank," said Claudo. _ " And much good it does -you-there," -ex claimed Dalrymplel "ShalTl tell you what Td "do with it if it were mine?" " Yes, do," said Jack, smiling in advance. " 'Then comcoutflide. and ydu ahallhear. IJ " ■"am afraid I have Shocked _ your friends L gufficientlyfor one nicht. —And--there's—a very tasciiiarinfrnTfSnn. . . ~ T 