THE NINETY-EIGHT COM MEMORATION. -?? - ? v ? ENTERTAINING THE DELEGATES. ON THE HARBOUR AND AT CLONTARF. Ik the funeral procession on Suniay week, and at the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the '98 Memorial in the Waverley Cemetery, Victoria ?was represented by Dr. O'Donnell (Chairman of the Melbourne Committee), Mr. Joseph Winter (proprietor of the Advocate), Mr. James Fearon, Mr. M. P. Jagpurs, Mr. M. O'Sullivan, Mr. M. M'Donald, Mr. J. J. Kelly, Mr. J. Cunninghame, Mr. Frank Hennessy, Mr. F. J. Tucker, Mr. P. J. Brennan, Mr. E. Brown, Mr. J. Wa'dron, Mr. J. Morrissey, Mr. W. M'Carthy, Mr. Molloy, and Mr. J. Coleman ; Misa Mary O'Sullivan, Miss Nora O'Sullivan, and Miss Katie M'Donald represented the Melbourne Ladies' Committee. The Queensland representatives were Mr. F. M'Donnell, M.P., Mr. A. St. Leger and Mr. T. C. Beirne. From Mait land came Mr. John Enright, Mr. Austin Fitz patrick, Mr. Michael Murray, and Mr. John O'Rourke. Among other country delegates were Mr J. G. O'Connor (Newcastle), Mr. P. 13. Heffernan (Wagga Wagga), Mr. John Renehan (Cootamun dra), Mr. Patrick Leyne (Goulburn), Mr. John Rawley (Cootamundra). The Rev. Father Dalton represented the Diocese of Goulburn. The delegates were most hospitably entertained during their stay in Sydney. First, there was the dinner at Dr. MacCarthy's house, then the ban quet at the Guild Hall. Theatre parties arranged by Dr. MacCarthy followed, and to complete what we may describe as the cheerful side of the '98 \- Commemoration, there was a harbour excursion and picnic on Saturday last. All the delegates who were still in Sydney atten ded the excursion. The special steamer left Circu lar Quay shortly after 1 o'clock. Among those on board, besides the delegates, were Dr. Mac Carthy (Chairman of the Sydnpy '98 Committee), Miss MacCarthy, Mr. John Sheehy (Secretary of the Committee)', Dr. Johnson, Dr. Kearney, Dr. Kelly (Ba'main), Dr. F.ynn and Mrs- Flynn, Mr. P. R. Larkin, Mr. and Mrs. Valentine Heaton, Mr. John Woods (Tieasurer of the '98 Committee). Miss 'Woods, Rev. Father Fleming (Leichhardt), Mr. William Walsh, Miss Walsh, Mr. John Baxter, the Misses Baxter, Mr. J. Blakeney, the Misses Blakeney, Mr. E. M'Sweeney, Mr. J. Renehan, Cootamundra, Mr. J. M. Cavanagh, Mrs. M. Deery, Mrs, Chivers (one of Michael Dwyer's descendants), Mr. C. J. Morrissey, Mr. Eugene Ryan, Mr. A. C. Burke, Mr. R. J. Dunford, and Madame Soldene. The '98 Ladies' Committee was represented by Mrs, C. E. R. Murray (president), Miss M. Baxter (secretary), Mrs. M. Maloney (treasurer), Mesdames Valentine Heaton, T. Brown, th° Misses Woods (2) and Tessie Walsh, Mrs. Burke, Mrs. Fagan. It is necessary to explain that the outing was very hurriedly arranged. It was got up in about twenty four hours, and many ladies and gentlemen con nected with the '9S movement could not be commu nicated with. On the way down the harbour the steamer, keep ing out of the beaten track, ' called in' at Rush cutter's Bay, Double Bay, Rose Bay, and Wat son's Bay. Meanwhile, the string and reed band on board played selections from the operas, includ ing ' Cavalleria Rustieana,' ' Pagliacci.' Having crossed the Heads, the steamer made for Middle Harbour. The intention was to serve the dinner on board, but this idea was abandoned on reaching Middle Harbour, and Clontarf was selected as the landing-place. AT CLONTARF. It seemed strange that the '98 people should have picked these particular grounds. It was at Clontarf that the Duke of Edinburgh was shot by the mad man O'Farrell thirty years ago, and at Clontarf was started the fierce anti -Irish feeling which a little later on found form and expression in the Treason Felony Act— a piece of infamous legislation framed by the late Sir Henry Parkes and the late Sir James Martin with the undisguised object of discrediting the Irish Catholic? of the colony. But Clontarf, originally named by an Irishman, is a place of pleasant as well as bitter memories. For years the Irish citizens held their St. Patrick's Day picnic and banquet there, and men like Mr. J. G. O'Con nor and Mr. John Baxter can recall the merry meetings when St. Patrick's Day was a public holiday in New South Wales. At the last Irish Celebration, if our memory serves us correctly, the rain poured down all the blessed day. The luncheon or banquet was held in a big tent, 'which was so admirably constructed as to necessitate the use of umbrellas when the com pany sat down. The late Sir Terence Aubrey Murray, President of the Legislative Council and father of Major Murray, at present officer in com mand of the New South Wales Irish Rifles, occu pied the chair.' The ducks and other poultry swam on the tables, and the pastry went through a pro gramme of aquatic events worthy of the Anniver sary Day regatta. On Saturday, with the charm of a cool fresh afternoon, Clontarf was seen at its best. The picnic party had no sooner landed than Dr. O/Donnell and Dr. MacCarthy rigged up photographic batteries, under the fire of which 'running the blockade' was an impossibility, A dozen or more groups were 'snapped.' The pictures, it may be explained, were taken not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith — in a spirit, so to speak, of photographic and platonic affection. Then the visitors from the other colonies asked to be shown 'the spot where the Prince was shot,' There was no difficulty in finding the tree, which was planted by some sweetly sentimental loyalist while the cry in Sydney was ' Down with the Fenians !' The tree, a rather miserable-looking pine, is near the beach, and is ' protected ' by a badly-broken fence, which could not have cost less than ten-and-six to put up thirty years ago. Per haps, after all, there was a fitness ir the Irish in vasion of Clontarf on Saturday last. The gathering marked the complete passing away of the anti-Irish feeling which thirty years ago spread like a bush fire from Clontarf. Thirty years ago any Irishman or Catholic who refused to drink to the health of the Queen at a dinner party or in a public-house bar was branded as a rebel, and liable to prosecution for treason. To whistle 'The Wearing of the Green' in public was accounted sedition in the third degree. Well, it may or may not have been poetic justice on Saturday, but it was, at least, a circumstance full of happy significance that the Ninety-Eighters, men||and women, made the place echo and re-echo with ' God Save Ireland,' '? The Wearing of the Green,' and ' Who Fears to Speak of Ninety-Eight.' The luncheon was served in the pavilion, and, by way of compliment, Dr. O'Donnell, as the chief re presentative of Victoria (the;colony, not the Queen), had the place of honour. It was a light-hearted and laughter-loving company, and as an aid to good digestion the musicians, -with their harps, violins, and flutes, played selections from Moore's melodies while the eating and drinking went on. No 'orations' were delivered, but in connection with the toasts Dr. MacCarthy, Dr. O'Donnell, Mr. M. P. Jageurs (Melbourne), Mr. M-Donald (Mel bourne), Dr. Johnson, Dr. Kearney, and Mr. John Sheehy made happy speeches. DR. O'DONNELL (President Victorian '98 Committee). Dr. O'Donnell, speaking for the delegates, said that the extravagantly generous hospitality they had received from the day of their arrival in Sydney would unfit them for weeks for the ordinary avoca tions of life. It was said of Queen Mary of Eng land that the loss of Calais so affected her as to cause her to declare that the word Calais would be fonnd written on her heart when she was dead. He was not in a position to say what would be found on the hearts of the Melbourne delegates when they expired, but this he could say, that when they re turned to their homes — providing they escappd with their lives — (laughter) — the word Sydney would be writ large not only on their hearts but on their livers. (Renewed laughter.) For a-l the kind nesses they had received they were very grateful, and in a special way they were under ob'igation to Dr. MaeCarthy. But they were not entitled to any praise, for in coming to Sydney to do honour to the heroes of '9S they had gained honour for them selves. (Hear, hear,) If they had gone to any little trouble in the matter, it was more than com pensation to take part in the magnificent demon stration so magnificently carried out by Dr. MacCarthy and the Sydney committee. (Ap plause.) The Irishmen of Victoria were as proud of the demonstration as were the Irishmen of New South Wales. (Applause.) In the name of the Victorian delegates, he could promise that they would come over again to witness the unveiling of of the '98 monument, and having been treated so well, they would bring with them their wives and families. (Laughter.) Dr. MacCarthy said the credit of the success of the procession and of everything connected with the movement^was due, not to him, but to the secretary, Mr. John Sheehy. (Applause.) In the next place, Mrs. Murray and the members of the ladies' com mittee were to be thanked. (Applause,) Several of the delegates referred in terms of admiration to Mr. Sheehy's we'1-planned efforts, and all spoke highly of the ladies' committee. Dr. MacCarthy gracefully alluded to the three ladies who had come from Melbourne, About 6 o'clock the party assembled on the Clontarf jetty, and 'in the gloaming' several Irish songs were sung, 'Who Fears To Speak Of Ninety -Eight?' (with chorus) was followed by 'God Save Ireland,' 'Let Erin Remember,' 'The Wearing of the Green,' and ' Believe Me, If All Those Endearing Young Charms.' The musicians engaged for the occasion, assisted by Dr. O'Don nell, supplied the accompaniments. It was quite a romantic open-air concert, and the hills resounded with the grand old National airs. The effect was very fine. When all had got aboard, the music was continued and kept up till the steamer reached, the Quay. 'God Save Ireland' was the final chorus. Most of the Vict-)rian delegates left for home on Sunday evening. Mr. Tucker, Barrister-at-Law, stayed till Tuesday. A large number of '98 men and women met at the railway station on Sunday night, to give the Victorian delegates a 'send-off.' Ah the express left the platform three cheers were given, oh the call of Dr. MacCarthy. DR. O'DONNELL ON IRELAND UNDER HOME RULE. A TEBP IN' THE PUTURE. In our report of the '98 banquet in last week's Freeman we were not able to give Dr. O'Donnell's speech. It was unfortunately crowded out. The chief Melbourne delegate, who rose in reBpose to repeated calls, naicl :— I did not expect to be called upon to speak after the splendid opportunity afforded me at Waverley. But as I am now called upon, there is a certain point raised by Dr. MacCarthy that deserves consideration. Your chairman said that if the re-union of the Irish Parliamentary partyg was brought about a united Irish organi zation would again be formed throughout the world to assist the party at home. I believe with him that such an organization would be of material assistance to the Irish Parliamentary party in fight ing the battle for the restoration of the Parliament Ireland was so foully robbed of in 1800. (Ap plause,) I believe, too, t/hat this Centennial year of '98 will mark an epoch in Irish politics. (Ap plause.) I believe that it, will men to read, and read again cause all the literature on the rebellion of '98. (Applause) And I believe that, as the result of this reading the scope *of men's minds will be deepened and broadened; and I believe that such a universal demand for unity will go up from the scattered Clan-na-Gael as will influence the leaders of the Irish parties to emulate the men of '98, and, foregoing pride and petty prejudice, to join hands again for the common weal of Ireland (Cheeis.) Is not this a prospect to urge us on to highest effort ? (Hear, hear.) Is not this an ideal worth fighting for, worth dying for ? (Cheers ) The history of the past, the work and hopes of the pre sent, have been eloquently dealt with to-night by the delegates from Queensland. Ah, my friends, if I might for this occasion put on the inspired mantle of prophecy; preying through the mists that envelope the future. I see a vision. I see an island fair beyond comparison, fertile beyond rivalry clothed with such a verdure that its national poet designates it ' the emerald gem of the Western world.' I see its peasantry happy and contented, each man working and tilling his own holding — his own holding by legal right and title. (Applause.) 1 see his face and the faces of his wife and children wreathed and radiant with bonnie smiles, for now the produce of his labour goes to enrich himself and to provide comforts for his family, instead of, as of yore, going to bloat the purse of the absentee landlord. (Cheers ) In my dream the days of eviction are over— they have gone to join the bad old days of the Penal Code. I see this island stud ded with numerous cities, hives of industry, and homes of culture. I Bee its capital city a great commercial centre, with shipping flitting to and fro on its harbour, and with lines of merchant vessels ranged along its quays. I see in this city a for bidding, frowning dungeon— like castle battlemented and bastioned, and, strange to say, not a so'dier to be seen in its vicinity. (Laughter.) All its old isnister associations are forgiven and forgotten. Now for the first time in its long and baleful exis tence it subserves a useful purpose. In my dream it has been converted into a benevolent asylum for Castle hacks. (Laughter and cheers.) I see a green flag floating over an historic building which was till recently a bank, and is now the House of Par liament. (Cheers.) I see troops of senators mount ing its steps to enter and deliberate for the good of their country. (Cheers ) Many of the faces are familiar to me in prints and photographs ; yet more loved and more honoured and more idolized than all, I see a one man, now stooped with age, his brow wrinkled, and his locks whitened with years, whose f.ice seems especially familiar to me as an Australian. Perhaps I may be able to identify him from the circumstance that the right sleeve of his coat hangs empty by his side. (A Voice' — Michael Davitt,' and cheers.) I see the streets of this city thronged with a busy, entprprizing people. I see those streets adorned with statues of heroes who have wrought and fought and suffered for Ireland ; and approaching nearer to read the inscriptions I note the date 1798 is the most common of all. (Cheers.) I see one statue in particu'ar at which every pilgrim kneels and offers up a prayer. It is the statue of a young man with his head thrown back proudly and defiantly, and arms folded on his breast. (Cheers.) The bronze of this effigy is weather-beaten enough, but the inscription is quite fresh ; it is written in letters of gold, and the date is 1803. (Cheers.) Finally and com prehensively I see a prosperous, self-reliant, self contained, and a religious people carving out their own destiny among the nations of the earth. (Cheers.) I see the arts and sciences and in dustries cultivated and flourishing. I see just and humane laws in operation, and I see Virtue in all her forms honoured and exalted. And so happy and contented are those people that written across the face of the country and stamped on its every feature are the hand and blessing of Al mighty God. (Loud and prolonged cheering.) DR. O'DONNELL, OF MELBOURNE, RETURNS THANKS. We have received the following letter frtim Dr. 'W N i'Donnell, the chairman of the Melbourne 'S( Commemoration Committee, the gentleman who made a thinking and able speech at the grave of Michael Dwyer on Sunday week last. It willbe observed from the espistle that the writer mak/es a most courteous acknowledgment of the hospita lities accorded to the delegates from Victoria : — (to the editor, frtvkman's journal,) Sir, — Permit me, on tl.ft of our return to our homes, to express on beha Hof the Victorian dele gates our heartfelt thanks to all in this hospitable city who have made our visit so interesting and enjoyable. In singling out for special mention the name of the indefatigable and enthusiastic Dr. MacCarthy I feel I will not be hurting the puscepti bilities of 'others who have alao been very kind to us. His serenity of temperament, his high ideals, and his sincere ardour are apparent in all he says and does, and we feel in saying an revoir that another foundation-stone has been laid during our visit besides that at Waverley— the foundation of a lifelong friendship with many estimable men and women. — I am, sir, yours, &c.; Nicholas M. O'Donnell, Chairman Melbourne '98 Committee. Hotel Metropole, May 28. THE NINETY-EIGHT MEMORIAL FUND. Elsewhere in this issue appears, a list of contri butions to the '98 Commemoration, amounting to £10 10s 6d, as an instalment from the Cootamundra committee. The amount, which was sent to the Freeman's Jotjrnae office, has been handed over to the Central Committee, by whom it will be acknow ledged in due course. The Treasurer of the Central Committee (Mr. John Woods) requests us to state that a list of subscriptions to the memorial will be published in our next issue. In the Freeman account of the ' Ninety-Eight ' demonstration last week it was inevitable that some names of those taking part should be omitted. Among °the omissions occur the names of such good Irishmen and, at the same time, such excel lent citizens of New South Wales as Messrs. T. P. M'Parland and H. T. Quigley. 