BREVITIES. » Heat. Nothing bat heat. Australian natives jubilant, Great demonstration in Melbourne. Federal delegates have had a well-earned holiday. Right to do what it wants with its own denied N.S, Wales. South Australia wants as muoh as ft can grab and gives nothing. This is the true spirit of conciliation on which to federate. The Gippsland bush-fires fund progressing admirably in Melbourne, Bush fire funds started last night in Chiltern on the invitation of President Black. The G.O.M. in a critical state. Wintering at Cannes. Weak and depressed, and suffering from chronic facial neuralgia. Tick Pest developed itself in Western Australia. Strong efforts being made to prevent the unwelcome stranger landing here. Great total eclipse of the SUP seen to advantage at Bombay. The corona two millions of miles ia length. Wonderful^ most wonderful 1 England's demands in China approved of in the United States. This is the way of it always. Who says blood is not thicker than water ? Nagambie wants a police court every day instead of once a week. Nagambie is ambitious of renown. Can't she ask for a duplication of her lock-up accommodation also, while she's about it. Local justices at Nagarabie mad as March hare» bceausc the people ask the Minister of Justic* for a daily court. Think once a week quite enough encroachment on their magisterial time 1 Mr Isaacs has a touch of influenza. Not able to attend the. Government House Ball. Manages the convention for all that, Tasmania won the Victorian Intercolonial by 72 runs, Matches of this kind of less interest than a " Boyle and Scott's" oontest. Only third or fourth rate cricketers engaged in Victoria's behalf. Intercolonial Cricket Match at Sydney the victim of various vicissitudes. N.S. Wales» 273 ; Victoria 187—Second innings N.S.W. 90 ; Victoria 150 tor ft wickets. This is the record on Wednesday night. Thursday brought the end, the game being won by Victoria, with 3 wickets and 2 runs to spare. First Bishop of New Guinea consecrated last Tuesday in St. Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney. Hoped that he will sgree with the poor devils who may be forced to banquet on his lordship. Fairly fat and succulent. Wives and aunts and sistors and daughters of Federal Convention delegates treated right royally in Melbourne. To the woman alone does Federation wear a laughing and confident face. AU enthusiastic federationists. Hospital patients " huddled together like sheep, in a pea." This is a statement for which a committee man was responsible at the last meeting of tne Melbourne hospital committee. Not overdrawn either. Likely tt>be troublous times at Creswick The Amalgamated Engine-drivers Association demanded 10s. a shift instead of the usual 8«. 4d. Employees will resist, this demand* to the bitter end* So says report. James Wray of N.S, »Vales has challenged Barry of England fiocsculling Championship of the world. N.S. Wales determined to hold the championship in perpetuity. Indian Goverment just selected Adelaide Medical graduate,. Dr. Herbert Bornbrook, for plague duty at Bombay Brave youth! Carries his life in his hands the day he accepted, this terrible appointment. Mount Lyell : Proprietary Gold Mines Limited placed in the market. Capital £000,000 of which. £400,000 is. being issued. Sir John Madden the bright particular star of the A.N. A banquet, before whose brilliant and humorous oratory even five premiers paled their ineffectual fires, is not an Australian native but a Corkman. Sir John brought 4own the house. Ballavat likely to be the theatre of war operations during the proposed Easter encampment. Seeks to have the mimic Easter battles at lake Windermere instead ef the heathclad, barren waste of Langwaerio. Military commandant reports favourably. After this what's to prevent Ballarat becoming the Federal Capital. ? Echo answers « what" The question of control over the N.S.W. tributaries- of the Murray likely t-o Oe a troublesome stumbling block at the Convention. Two days, spent already and finality as far off as ever. This looks unpromising, A serious, accident.-which might have proved fatal, but didn't, befell the noble Brassey on Wednesday. On stepping from a tug boat to- the deck of the Sunbeam,, his lordship fell heavily. A lump described as being "the size, of a hen's egg" was raised on hisj-'nobl* forehead. Undeterred by the. mish*p the great admiral however succeeded in gaining the deck of our Victorian- flagship, and continued his three, days' oruise to Sorrento. Business going on as usual! 