The Great Gippsland Fires. Terrible scenes of devastation. Families ruined and homeless. Taking refuge in creeks and waterholes. Sensational and pathetic incidents. The destruction of Neerim. Awful experiences of a Bride. Alone in a burning home. Some brave ladies. How the babies were saved. A mother's marvellous device. Warragul, Friday Now that Neerim North has ceased to exist, and Neerim East has been terribly stricken, and Neerim South is waiting in a state of painful suspense lest the wind may veer to the north again, and bring the sea of flame down upon the township there is a short breathing space in which to chronicle a few of the incidents of the desperate flight which the settlers have been carrying on for the last few days, against the flames. The catastrophe has, at any rate, served to bring out in the stongest colours the unswerving courage with which the men and women of the bush can face the risk of death in its most horrifying shape and if the details of the conflagration disclose many instances of the most painful suffering, they are also characterised by some striking examples of extraordinary resourcefulness in the presence of unusual dangers. The district of Neerim may be conveniently taken as the centre of a great system of bush fires in the neighbourhood of Warragul, but several remarkable incidents may be noted as having marked the isolated hand to hand encounters which lonely settlers far back from the township have waged with the flames. A new made bride. A terrible experience, her clothing on fire. About ten miles to the Northeast of Neerim lies the district of Noojee, in the parish of Tooronga, and one of the best known and most respected residents of the locality is Mr. John Halvie, a well-to-do farmer who until a couple of days ago, was the owner of a nice house, well stocked with furniture, and a snug farm, partly cultivated, and partly used for grazing. A few weeks ago Mr. Halvie disappeared mysteriously for a day or two, and when he returned he brought a bride with him. The house underwent considerable improvements, new furniture was placed in it and all went merry as a marriage bell until this last calamitous week began. When the fires began to make their appearance in the district Mr. Halvie became a little anxious but he dismissed the fear that his homestead might be assailed and went about his farming operations as usual. On Wednesday after the midday meal, Mr. Halvie left his newly-married wife alone in the house and went out across his paddocks to attend to some fencing, which needed repairs. He saw smoke or fires to the northward, but believed the flames to be far away. Returning late in the afternoon he found his house in flames and though he called loudly for his wife, he received no answer. The air speedily became so thick with smoke that it was impossible to see more than a few yards at a time, and the roaring of the fire drowned the sound of his voice. Terrified at the danger, he searched with feverish haste, for his wife, but for some time without success. At last he found her. The unfortunate Mrs. Halve, when she found that the house in which she was sitting alone, was in flames, rushed out through the smoke and the scorching heat and continued her mad race for air until she sank exhausted in a large paddock planted with potatoes. A tree had fallen in the paddock and with the instinct of self- preservation, Mrs. Halvie crept to the lee side of it, so that the cascades of flying sparks from the burning house and the surrounding timber might pass over her. Her clothing had caught fire before she fell, but she tore her burning skirts from her and sank, terrified, but still alive, under the friendly shelter of the fallen tree. While in that position she saw a number of her hens roasted alive quite near her and in an extremity of terror she had to use all her energies to preserve herself from the same fate. She tore up some of the potato plants growing within her reach and with them she knocked off the sparks and fragments of burning bark that fell every mement upon her, in spite of her shelter. While Mr. Halvie was looking for his wife his own clothes caught fire, but he managed to beat out the flames, and at last he found his wife, crouching, almost entirely unclothed on the lee side of the log, and almost insane with the fear of a dreadful death. He took her to the house of a neighbour, Mr. O'Donohue, where she now lies, quite prostrated and in a very serious condition. Mr. Halvie has lost his house and all his household and personal effects. Saving the children. An Infant temporarily buried. At Neerim East the fire has made almost a clean sweep, damaging the crops and holdings of Messrs. Young, Murphy, Downey, Purcell, R G Stephens, and J Holt. Although the houses of the settlers in each case have been saved, the experience of Mr. Holt, was truly strange. All day on Wednesday the fire roared and surged through the forest behind the house, growing nearer with every fresh gust of the strong north wind. The air was full of sparks and burning pieces of timber and Mr and Mrs Holt plied their bags soaked in water and their mops and clothes with frenzied energy to prevent the house from catching. Presently the smoke became so dense that the suffocation of the entire family became imminent, but Mrs. Holt's ingenuity was spurred to fresh inventiveness by the pressing danger, and she devised a plan by which she saved the lives of all her six children. The poor woman was herself in no fit state for such a fearful ordeal, having given birth to a baby as recently as last Christmas, but she carried out a plan which was as ingenious as it was happily successful. She made the younger children lie down on the ground and covered them over with sacks, which were kept constantly saturated with water, so that they could breathe without inhaling the pungent suffocating smoke. Then the husband dug a small hole in the ground, and in it they placed the baby, covering it over with sacks. The eldest boy was deputed to see that the sacks were kept well watered, and in this strange cradle the sturdy infant of this courageous couple went peacefully to sleep, lulled by the roaring of the conflagration and the thunder of the falling trees. It will be a matter of general satisfaction to know that Mr and Mrs Hold succeeded in saving their home, and that the baby is none the worse for its fiery ordeal. A desperate encounter. How a store was lost. A few twisted sheets of corrugated iron, an American stove, and the iron framework that once supported a piano are pretty nearly all that is left of Neerim North. Mr. J. Woolstencroft, who owned the store, is the greatest sufferer, for he saved absolutely nothing except the clothes which he wore, and his stock, which was valued at £250, was uninsured. The experiences of himself, his wife, and his sisters show that true courage and grit are still to be met with in the bush. For weeks past, according to his story, the fires have raged in the neighbour- hood of the now extinct township, approach- ing and receding according to the changes of the wind. At the beginning of the week it was noticed, however, that the fire was com- ing nearer, and it was already in a an adjoin- ing paddock, owned by Mr. Ross. Monday was an anxious day, and on Tuesday anxiety became alarm. On Wednesday morning, the wind changed, with alternate gusts, from north to south, and back again, and the fire zig-zagged in its course, each zig-zag bring- ing it perceptibly nearer to the doomed township. The atmosphere became so dark that the people could not see each other more than a few yards away, and the roaring of the fire was so tremendous that they could not hear each other's voices. About a dozen men and half-a-dozen women and girls gathered together to fight the fire at the spot which seemed most open to the first attack, namely, the house occupied by Mr. Andrew Wilson, a wooden structure, with a corrugated iron roof. As they were hastily making their preparations a young man rushed in from an adjoining selection, calling upon them to fly from the place, and loudly declaring that if they persisted in re- maining not one of them would escape alive. But they turned a deaf ear to his suggestion, and, having reared ladders against the side of the house, one detachment mounted the roof, while the remainder dipped sacks and mops in water from the tank and handed these implements up to the fire-fighters. Mr. Woolstencroft declares that, in the intense darkness and the blinding smoke, the ap- proaching flames showed bluish colour as they escaped through the tops of the trees in mighty bounds, covering from 50ft. to 100ft. at a time. As fast as the sparks alighted on the roof the vigilant watchers beat out the flame with their wet sacks, and finally they were overjoyed at finding that they had repulsed the enemy definitely. But the fire was not to be baulked, for, actually leaping across the frail stucture upon which it could get no hold, it attacked the little cluster of buildings which formed the nucleus of the township, and the forces of the defenders were hastily brought up to hold the new position. Mr. Woolstencroft's store and dwellinghouse, Mr. J. Barr's home, a butcher's shop owned by Mr. Ste- phens, and the Mechanics' Institute were speedily involved; and as the store was the first to be attacked the courageous little band of fire-fighters renewed the tactics which had already been successful in sav- ing one house. But this time they under- took an impossible task, and yet they main- tained the unequal conflict even after a couple of hairbreadth escapes, both of which were sustained by the ladies of the party. Miss Susan Woolstencroft was perched upon the roof of the store, which was already burning, and was desperately attempting to beat out the flames when the ladder fell from the side, and the plucky girl was left alone in her perilous position. But she did not hesitate for a moment, and leaping boldly from the burn- ing roof, she escaped without injury. Her sister, Miss Jane Woolstencroft, had an un- pleasant experience also, and one which might easily have had a fatal result to a per- son of less self-possession. While she was standing on the ground, passing up water from the tank to the people on the roof, a piece of burning bark set fire to her clothes and in a moment she was in a blaze; but, as quick as lightning, she tore off the burning clothes, and fled away in scanty garments to the shelter of the house which still re- mained standing. In a few moments more the fire-fighters surrendered, and the store sank into ashes. A significant fact explains with telling force how terrible the roaring of the fire must have sounded. Inside the burning store was a case containing 500 loaded cartridges; these must have exploded when the flames reached them, but the sound of the explosion was unnoticed by the group of watchers, whose escape from instant death is truly miraculous. THE RESPITE Mr. J. Barr went off to rescue Mr. and Mrs. Hopkins and Miss Hopkins, whom he believed to be imprisoned in their own house. Twice he unsuccessfully attempted to penetrate the dense screen of smoke which surrounded the house, but a third effort was successful. He found that the inmates were in no immediate danger, and returned, only to find his own house on fire, and his wife taking her eight children through the flames and smoke to a place of safety. One of the children was almost suffocated, and has not yet fully recovered from the ordeal. Mr. Barr is absolutely ruined, having lost his house and every single thing of which he was possessed. All day and all night, until 3 o'clock in the morning, the defenders of Neerim struggled on against overpowering odds; then the wind changed, and, with the know- ledge that they had saved the two houses belonging to Mr. Andrew Wilson, they snatched a few moments' rest. Since then the fighting has been desultory, but a change of wind to the north would mean an instant resumption of hostilities. Yes- terday evening the tide of fire welled back into the inaccessible heart of the Baw-Baw Ranges, and driving back on the long and lonely road from Neerim into Warragul are now glittering the lights of countless phan- tom cities in the distant ranges, dying out in the darkness. THE DESTRUCTION AT THORPDALE. MILES OF COUNTRY DEVASTATED. HARROWING SCENES IN THE BUSH. REFUGEES COMING IN. STOCKS AND CROPS RUINED. TOUCHING DEEDS OF HEROISM. OFFERS OF ASSISTANCE FROM THE PREMIER. Thorpdale, Friday. It is impossible to paint in colours too lurid the state of affairs which exist in this district as a consequence of the terrible scourge which has swept over it since Mon- day last. Over 50 homesteads have been literally wiped out, and over 50 persons have neither food nor shelter but what their neighbours care to give them. Hundreds of cattle, pigs, poultry, and many horses have been roasted alive, others terribly maimed, and every piece of crop or blade of grass for half-a-dozen miles around has gone. Along the roads one meets families wending their way into the town- ship, where charity awaits them. Some carry a few remnants of furniture or a bundle of clothes saved from the ruin of their homes, and all tell the same story of devoted heroism and shattered hopes. The savings of a life are gone in many cases many are blind from the effects of the smoke, or have their faces singed as clean as if they had been scraped. Strong men are found in tears, children cry piteously, and women are worn and exhausted to de- spair. It is a harrowing sight. In one place is met a Mr. Tom Arthur, a settler of 20 years, leading in a decrepit horse, on which is mounted a family of four children, with scarce a stitch among them. Further on is a little procession of three families, dragging after them as best they can what is left of their belongings. Some of these have just come together after being sepa- rated by the fire for days, each believing that the other was dead. Fortunately all those who were missing have turned up, so that no loss of life is reported in this locality. Some of the men give thrilling accounts of their escape. A Mr. Brock and his wife, both almost blind, sat in the Narracan Creek for a day with the fire raging all round them, expecting every moment to be their last. As the file swept over them they dodged beneath the water. They had buried their clothes in the bush, and when they unearthed them this morning, they fell to pieces. Two families hid their clothes in their wells, only to find that even there the heat got at them. One man had his whole family in the creek for 24 hours dodging the falling embers. At one time, a burning tree fell across their hiding-place, but they quenched the flames with a billy. Before they escaped from their perilous situation starvation had almost overtaken them. A Mr. Bradley and his wife had 22 head of cattle and as many pigs roasted alive, while they battled to save their home - which was eventually burnt. Exhausted, they were forced to take shelter in the creek for the night. Five hundred pounds will not cover their loss. Mr. George Mayo had seven cattle burnt in a heap. Mr. Mayo himself got separated from his wife and family of little children, and for hours they were run- ning hither and thither, surrounded by fire and choked with smoke, till someone found them, and put them on the track to the settlement. There is no end to the deeds of the self-sacri- ficing heroism which the last few days have seen. Men got separated from their homes in going to help their neighbours, and did not see their families again for days. The Church of England clergyman, Mr. Cox, a typical bush parson, had to be led in ex- hausted from many a gallant struggle, and is now almost blind. Mr. J. Gynn had 40 people gathered under his roof at one time, all fighting for their lives. Mrs. Smith, an old lady of 70, had to be carried out of her burning house on a stretcher by her chil- dren, and the little relief party were nearly destroyed in making their way to the creek \- their only refuge. An old soldier named Waddell for over a day rallied his family time after time to beat back the fire, their efforts being ultimately crowned with suc- cess. The story of the Jordan family is also full of pathos. They fought for their home and their lives till they were exhausted, and then the little children were put in the water, and covered over with a wet blanket while the flames raged over them. The father and mother had a narrow escape from an awful death. Charley Fuller, quite a youth, distinguished himself by great her0- ism. Having lost all he had he galloped about through the flames, daring everything to assist his neighbours. How he escaped being roasted alive, horse and all, is a mys- tery. Whenever the fate of anyone was in doubt he penetrated to the rescue. But the chapter of bravery is too full of incident to chronicle at length. Let the story be told of the position of the sur- vivors. Sir George Turner has already offered assistance, and a parcel of tents has arrived, in addition to which the resi- dents of the town, headed by Mr. Dicken- son (storekeeper), the Rev. Mr. Cox, the stationmaster (Mr. W. Stewart), and many others, have started a relief fund, and are doing all in their power for the sufferers. But the situation cannot be overcome by any temporary expedient. Fifty first-class settlers, all absolutely ruined, must leave the district with their stock, for there is not a bit of feed anywhere. Mr. Mathie- son was here this morning, and offered to carry the cattle to another district at special rates, but this can be of no service. The Government are to be asked to supply feed for the present, and to advance seed to those who have got nothing with which to make a start. About one hundred blankets are badly needed, also flour, tea, and sugar, and tools with which to re- build. Clothing, too, will have to be sup- plied to cover nakedness of many little ones. Owing to the flimsy character of most of the bush homes there are no insur- sances to speak of. SOME PATHETIC INCIDENTS. Mrs. H. Watkins tells the following story:- "My husband, on hearing that Gunn's place was threatened, jumped on his horse, and went the help them. He had been absent only a short time when I saw the fire making towards us. It came upon us so quickly that I hardly knew what to do, for one cannot do much with five little children. In a twinkling a dense, suffo- cating cloud settled over us as if night had suddenly fallen, and it looked as if nothing could save us. It was so dark that I could not see the clock. Mr. Wiseman arrived to help us, and only for him we must have been destroyed. We got our pump to work, and as the place caught we faced the flames, and drove them back. For hours we struggled in this way, my two eldest children giving good help. By degrees we all got quite blind, and my three youngest cried piteously. Then my neighbours, who had been burnt out, rushed to us for shelter, and helped with the buckets. Several times when my clothes caught Mr. Wise- man threw water over me, till I was soak- ing, and I did the same for him. My eyes were singed and my face blistered and Mr. Wiseman and the others suffered as much as I did. I felt that my husband must have perished, or he would have returned, and when I began to see that our task was hopeless I called my children to me, for I was determined that they should not be roasted alive. There was only one thing for it, and that was for the whole of us to drown in the well together. The others thought I was mad, but I told them they could do as they pleased. My mind was made up. It was hard, perhaps, but it had to be done. Beofre the critical moment arrived, however, the wind suddenly changed, and saved us. For about two days after this there were about thirty of us huddled up in our house, not being able to get away, and all this time the children had to lie patiently and hungry on the floor, with their eyes bandaged to save their sight. When the smoke cleared my husband, whom I thought to be dead, returned. He had been shut in elsewhere, and never expected to see one of us alive again." MR. A. BRYAN'S NARRATIVE. IN A WARM CORNER. Mr. Abraham Bryan, a young settler, re- lates the following thrilling narrative :- "It was 6 o'clock on Tuesday evening when I first saw that our place was threatened. The whole thing was so sudden that my wife and I had hardly time to make up our minds. At first we determined to fight it; but what can you do with an infant and child of two to look after. We struggled as best we could with the water, and then had to run for our lives. My wife took the baby, and I took the other little girl, and made off towards the road, but the flames swept down upon us in a sheet, and the children were burned with the falling ashes. We returned to the burning house for wet bags, and covered the little ones with them, and then made off in another direction. There again, we were met by the fire, and so close were we shut in with the thick walls of dancing flame that we began to feel that all was over, and that a terrible death inevitable. I will not attempt to describe what we felt. It was like the Day of Judgement, for with the fire came the darkness, and for a while we ran round and round, not knowing where we went. The heat grew in intensity, till we could bear it no longer, and in another mo- ment we must gave given in. Suddenly, however, we found an opening, which led to the creek, and got down into the water in the nick oftime. As we lay there the fire leaped over our heads from ridge to ridge, and when it passed we hurried on to Davis's, where we found a haven." HOW THE GUNN FAMILY FARED AN AWTUL SUSPENSE The story of the escape of the Gunn family is one of the most thrilling which has to be recorded Mr and Mrs. Gunn and their four little children were so com pletely hemmed in that no loophole what ever was open to them When the fire swept down on their neatly-kept dairy farm and well furnished home they fought it as long as they were able to stand. Then, getting their children together, they made for the shelter of their fruit orchard. When the homestead went, the fire tore through the orchard, and then, literally closed in, they sat down to meet death in the middle of a small piece of clearing. Huddling to gether beneath some wet blankets, they al most feared to hope. Everything about them seemed ablaze, and they felt that no thing short of a miracle could save them. The miracle came, and the fire passed over them, and with daylight came respite. For two days they could not move, for all round them the trees toppled and cracked. Fortunately, a potato patch, over which the fire had swept, was within reach, and here they got sufficient food to keep body and soul together - the potatoes being half baked. The only cow which had escaped had its back broken by a falling tree. THE STRUGGLE AT DAVIS'S THIRTY PEOPLE BESIEGED. A TRYING TIME. It was to Daivis's house on the creek that some five 0r six families ran for refuge on Tucsdaj Befóle night fell it looked us if the whole of them xvcic doomed to de atruction Luikily there xvas plenty of watet III inhibió, and n small limul pump, nlnili did cxiillcnt sen ice foi tinco du j te The inmates and then nfugco guests ncic shut up ns in a beliugured garrison, paitns eulljmg out now and then to beat back the fire Mrs Davis had piont j of pi 0 visions 111 the house, otlurwibc Hie tim tv odd pcoplo nould hnxe fined bailly dutmg tlmr thrie dajb' confmcniint On the thud daj, ?when the mm ivcte extinguishing nu out break near tho house, ti huge tice, ucnrlj three bundled feet 111 height, fell with 11 teinlte rou across whcic thej wcie work ing, und six of them bailly escaped with their hies. HOW A RUSH URE SPREADS ALONG THE TREETOPS "You could not hnxe stamped it out 111 ita infancy'" 11 J horpdale scttlir was asked bv a benevolent person whose interest nus only surpassed bv his ignórame 'Lord bless yon, su," said the othei, pitunglj, "have you ever tried to stop tile ram fiom fall II _' The old Indj who tiled to keep back the tide willi a broom xxottld hu ve about as much show as jon nould havo against a bush lire with a brei/e behind it When I und mv neighboms went lestotdij to see if no could do uni good aynitst it ne petto ttuUel thiough tin gi ecu undergrowth till ne caine to win IL tin bush was bla/mg As ne stood Unking at it wondinng if it was going to stop, wc found the wind bud chnngid, mid iool nig up sun that xvc xiue st Uleling nuclei 1 u"ul 11 hie Jin flnnus MOIL jumping lidit oxer us It mt bl indi to brinih, li cm 1 li top m im top li wits HIL most awful linn/ jon nu saw Hie xvholc ntino pinn ullin us su nul to bi ubi 1/1 ivhi'L « nu WL sto.ul Hine was not a spoil vit Iii >u"!i twimhit I big tin 11 few villis In in its and fulh W v mis fiom uni iillu 1 tin bitlc mit into Haine with stub stihltnntss that billie x11 1,0t past it xias loniphtilv mxiloptd nnd ion ing and < mel line, 101 nil it xv is wenth U this tilín thciL w 11M 111 bit iiltmg tho kionnd nt nil, lint jon LI old 11 l si t tin si v lot lui. mid siutil L 111 1011 I as ti HIL sin ii 1 was ibu ml with HiiiiL lind of (, is hu as it ti IVLIIUI liefoli tin win 1 ii se mid to bli ik oui lulo "le at slut H ol llnniL ii 11 ting hit hu und HntliLi igmtniL, bi itsxuj tomb um thing it (ami in eonlnit v iib Inn 11 tiics biltlutl us ii illili tis dil (ins (mind Illili. binned ti 1.ou m tin ni to binn It nits 1 nt muí- »IM le 1 Hit lui 11 touch Hu m Tin vin nu win si dint) id Hitit nuthiiie. ilion vv is liiiutiL I to gi L Hum 11 stint Ni), su von 1 tn t be it IIULI II bush bli bl 1 that HIL onlj thin" von 1 in titi is lo Let out of the w ix im iiitnl li io po-silili lind jon nie vtij bul j li jon um do llutt mue li A IIII!ILLINil U>\1 M Lid THROLGIl Jill II \AI1S 0-\ A RAILWAY lîxG1NL DRIVER O MIA LU & SlORi Whin 1 saw Alfiid Caivir, tin dtivu of the liant fiom Moo to 1 hoi pilule to dal In Han! that hu had bun in maiij piucos 111 tho service, nnd liuel bud not n fun udvontm ox, but his dine to Thoipdulo tluou_,h tho flames on Wednesday xvas> the most terrible ] experience he had ever passed through. | ' Get up here," be said, "and you will be bettet able to judge of what Ibis countiy lins passed through in the past day or tivo." We were al Naii.tcau nt the-time, und round about tis w ci e hill9 mid valleys, which presented a scene of awful desolation. We were in the henri of n foi es1 of gaunt black bkclctons, while, down neal- the ci cok squatted two families, comprised mainly of little children, hungry, perhaps, and partly united. They were the lefugees of the day before, driven from their homes bcfoio the flmnes, and they now stood be lcft of nil earthly belongings, with neigh- bours doing whnl little they could for -hem. "But it is nothing lo what you will see," continued the engine-driver, "l.oimd about Thorpdnle there is nothing but black min. On Wednesday, when we 1 cached thin place, it wus as dark as night. The bim xx-ns overhead. Immediately in front of us the flames were tearing likt a tornado across the line, jumping mid leaping from tree to tree. Tile lailvvny fence vanished in a whiff, nud then I began to feel hopeless of getting through. There seemed to be no passing through that mass of flame. Ganger Wil- liams came in on Ids railway cycle to say that Hie bridge ahead was on fire,, and then we knew how- desperate was the position. The jjasscngcrs had left the train, and we, too, might have felt. like standing where, we were. But that wo could not- do.' You see the guard'« family mid my family were on the other side of the danger, and wlinl ex'er the risk ave resolved to go on. We took it for granted that the bridges, though still burning, xvould hold out. To make Bure we ran the water truck out first mid extinguished the fire on the first bridge, and that saved it. Ganger Williams, when he had had a breath, stoutly said howouldgo ahead on his tricycle, and though we tried to persuade bim from it lie replied Hint he knew his duty, mid xVould do it. When he disappeared into Hie smoke I thought ho was loBt, bul in a few minutes I throw open- the x'ulvo, and off .ive. went. It was our only ehance-'-full «team 'ahead! -,ln.an instant,\rp*!vroro. in ¡i,V"\'t.TJiV-fire-,ya8'aJl round us. ¡>.Tlie smoko clouded us, and ,ns the flames^i-bared.up'.'oui.d'uiHye Uioughl the last day hail- come. *. Were we lo bo roasted nljvc?" Jït( l.opkétlVp"»' itV T-'hO engine _jeüni<í(~Uto jump- fonvard,' and quiver and shake from the vibration." There was a loud crash, mid a tree fell tovvaids us, and I thought- that all was over. My mate, Janies Davis, and I huddled' close up to the furnace doors, for even thnl spot was cool by comparison. Long tongues of flames were now shooting up under the boiler and lound the wheels, and once or twice our clothes took light, bul wo had water at hand, and used it well. By-iind-by daylight showed ahead, and in a few minutes wc were in .Thoipdale, safe." ACCOUNTS FROM OUP. . . CORRESPONDENTS. PLUCKY FIGHT WITT! THE FLAMES. SHORT-HANDED COMBAT." , - THE MISSING SETTLER FOUND. WARRAGUL, Friday. William Dowey, the Neerim North far- mer who was reported missing from his home, and for w'liose safety grave fears were entertained, has turned up safe and well, and is to-day the central figure of (in inci- dent which affords striking instance of the pluck nnd spirit of determination which characterises the sturdy sons of Britain who have ¿he hardihood to brax'e the boundless dilliculties to be encountered in carving for themselves a home in the forest wilds of Gippsland. Davey is a thick-set sturdy Aus- tralian native, and is about 35 years of ngo. Ho and two others named William Lynch, mid Clins. Woolstcneroft undertook the al- most 'hopeless task of saving the hitter's house, when .hrciatoue.1 with destruction li/ the flames. The house was licmnicd in on every side bv tin almost' impenetrable belt of scrub, which beciimea'ilamjiig mass of withering fire, und from which issued such dense volumes of smoke thal the men could ac.ivcely sec their luinds before their fnces. The surrounding trees were also lurid)v abla/e, and from their flaming branches red-hot embers xvere showered across the home. The three men, how- ever, managed to remove the most valuable, pieces of furniture, und to get "Mrs. Wool-i stencroft to a place of safely. They then concentrated theil- efforts on Hie apparently doomed structure, mid used numberless ' bucket« of water in extinguishing the flames, j as the bouse became time lifter tune ignited. Almost stilled by the bent und choked by tho smoke, the bravo defenders continued ' their efforts, mid all tho while the hi.siiig of; the tongues of fire from the trunk».of the giants and the crackling of the vanishing undergiow lb set up n deafening roar. The I plucky fellows áatitratcd their clothes again and again as n preventive of ignition. 1 hey vvero conscious thal ¡it um' moment the circuit of fire might bo completed, and they xvould be nimble lo escape. This awe-in- spiring prospect eventually proved too great a tax on the coinage of Woolstcneroft and Lvnch, who gave .up the hope of saving the building. They according!)- icsolvcd lo bent a retreat, and repeatedly urged on Davey to follow their example. He, how- ever," ns repented!)' refused, and eventually thev had to leave bim to light the flames alone. Left by himself, this brnve-licurtcd son of the forest continued Ins exeitiono with «cecilUnited cncigy, nnd was nut coi» iletci red bv tile fn-f that tb" o'«'n*r of Hie house had actually rushed off in despair. By the use of a ladder he delayed the flames 011 the roof and sides of Hie building its quickly ns the successive out- breaks occurred, and wns nt intcn'nls so overcome by Hie smoke that lie lind re- peatedly to tnke refuge in the house. For over an hour he waged this single-linndcd combat willi the flumes. When at last he ' relaxed his elforts the danger wns con-1 sidombly reduced, and in his opinion Hie house waa safe. This conclusion has now been verified, and Hie building stands I amidst its weird surioundings un a lonely monument of,whnt can. 'le ne'eoniplisbcil by n bravo 'spirit11 and ' dogged''determination. Haviug completed Ins (ask, the couqiieior went to his. nome a, fevv.rhaina distant ami i took mensures for its protection.-'He xv.is by this lime nearly blind from the effects 1 ot Hie mnokii, and, ns 'he , remained in-1 doora incapacitated fur tho rest'of the day, Die rumour goiimd Hroitlubùmong Hie neigh- bours that he might hnvo lost his life in his valiant font. Happily, however, he is none the worse for the tiying ordeal, und when interviewed to-day he wus in the beat of h.nUh and spirits. After modestly dis- , claiming that there was anything particu-1 linly commendable in what he had (lone, he was induced to make a statement of his ex- periences, which confirmed the account given above. THE BODY OK CONLEY' FOUND. JEETHO, Friday. At Imlf-past 1 p.m. to-day n pin I y of about a do/cn men started out from Jeetho to scour Hie» blunt scrub. About 10 illimités after starting (and five chains ,uutv fiom 11 hoto the theodolite wits found on Wednesday), Mi. W. JJ. M'lltoy, one of Hie ptrty, c.ime uttoss Hie dead hotly of Pai- ne!. Conle), al the» trunk of a t-tnnding (haired tree. In 11 few minutes Const ible (TMcighcr, fiom Lodi, and Constable Mullel, Poowong, weic on the scene. Mi. Cilliiiuin, the sin ve) or for whom Conley was woi king, iileulilie.l tho Imdv by the windi, ehaiu-iccl, .uni pmsc. Constable O'Mciiglie-i- lind tlio 1 minimi put 111 11 box, and couve)rd them to Ijoeli, where» un ¡ti- lpilly will be held. When Mr. ('illinium and the two axemen left Conley on Tues- day to go for wutul, it wus liulf-pnst II. 'Jin» walch, when lound to-iluv, legislereil a ipi 111er lo 1, so that he lind veiy little tiine tu csdipe hum the Inn mug muli. ('unstable O'Meiigliet- intends leaving no stone unturned to discover who lil the -Killi. Conle) was /ii j eui 1 of ngr, nnd leaves a wilt- itinl l.iuuly, who lestdo nt No, <l Lillie lllhi-sticcl, South Melbourne. The «cuchéis fiom Jeetho mid Lodi have VKiikcd fiom 111111 mug till night 111 the snub, for milo< mound, since Tuesday. A JOYFUL SURPRISE. YARRAM, Fr¡day. Reports which are coming in disclose most distressing incidents in connection with the fires here. Thousands of acres have been devastated, farm houses, cattle, sheep, and pigs, have gone. Fortunately, no loss of life has, so far, been reported, though accounts of thrilling escapes are to hand. Mrs. C. F. Moore was in her house with her two children, having a meal. A roaring was heard, and a moment later the house was enveloped in flames. She rushed frantically out with her children, making for the buggy shed. She had just time to get underneath it with the children when they were completely surrounded by the flames. The fire consumed everything \- house, and all the live stock. The hus- hand returned at night, expecting to find his family burnt, but to his joy he dis- covered them under the buggy, with a rug round them - which was all that was left of his home and belongings. Mr. T. Cowell had a hairbreadth escape. He lived only 100 yards from Moore's, but could render no assistance, as a wall of fire cut them off, and bore down on his home- stead, burning every stitch and every ani- mal. All he has left after years of toil is two blankets. One man at North Devon rode through two walls of fire for four miles to rescue his family. His horse fell, and the rider just got clear, his hair, whislers, and clothing being burnt off. In one instance the fire travelled four miles in three minutes. A horseman riding through Bulga saved his life by plunging into a creek up to his neck. He was found there ex- hausted by a party of men. FIRES IN OTHER DISTRICTS. M ICI DO\T «-mi NURSERY S lATD On fucsdav iviumg Ali Peri m the con scivatot ot foiests, lccctvid a tiligrun fiom the superintendent of the AlncLdon State I\ insert, sijtng that that x iluublo planta tion was tlucitened nilli desttuctuon, owing to it being surrounded bj hinh hies Mr Pen in proceedid to AfaLcdon nixt du, and found Hie emploies thiro mut ctlieis xvbo lud nsstnlcd in saving the nursery com pletilj exhausted hav mg been up all night lighting the II unes win li hld npproaihed vvitlun lint of the lonies EL took clinige of the guie of linn, md duectiil operations, and though the (hines cime over the fenci and ihicitcnod the stables and the fore m in s Loti ige Hie lire xv is benton out xvitb out nnj dam ige being done On Thursday morning Ali Pen in uceived a message that the uppct plantation near the top of Mount M iccdon n as tin o itencd bj a fierce fire, which iv is sweeping rapidli towards it He burned to the place xvitb 12 men, and found the lire was so formidable that it could not be nppioaihcxl owing to Hie intense heat Mr Pet tin went forvvnnl to take a xiew of the situation, but was almost suffocated bj the dense smoke, It xv as diemod prudent to allow the lire (o come to within about 400 janis of the felice, where is xvas consideiod it could be fought with advantage When Hie flame« readied this hue tbcj were vigorously nttncl ed and beaten ont After battling nilli lile fire foi some hours U wa« mastered,! and Ino plantations saved 4s Mi Peri in lins leaving Macedon last night lie xv IIB informed that Mi Justice Hood, who hasliTKioimtrj residence on the mount, liad led a party of men to attack ¡in outbreak neal the obeeivntoij or tn'ono nntil station llefoie leaving he Rent in sibtttnoe to the place but lie docs not appro bend that then mil bo anj ihngct of the ure Bpieidjig STARLING A TIRE , ALLEGED AVILrUL ACT STEIGLITZ, rtidnj John Kane, a resident of MoniBons, xvns aricntod on Tuesday afternoon, on informa tion to the effect that he xvilfullj set fire lo grass paddocks Hie propeitj of Messt s M M'Cormack and Latter The lire spread xnth great rapiditj, and in its course com pletcly destrojed stacks of haj, fences, and the homestead and fal ming implements of Mr Al'Cormnck and several grass paddocks of other residents The facts us alleged nie to the effect that the accused called upon Air Litter and asked for Hie loan of a gun to shoot mug pics The lupicbt was lifusul, und he xvns told that magines wuc protutid, and that if ho distioicd tltcin lie (Lnttu) xvould in form Hie police Autiscd then lett, nnd, Îomg down the paddock i couple of c h mis te set file to the Lrm Lnttci nnd Ins son nt once it istenctl lo the spot and qucticliiil the ¡launs îxini, it nppenis thin crossed ov er into M'Cormnik H paddock and set fire to tin _,! iss in tcvcral pi ices Latter uni his son tiled to pi event tin spread of tin flames, but theil cffotLs proved fimtliss Assist ince was soon obtained, hut tin bro bad then got n good bold, and swept sevciul miles of countiv Acuised, xviio made no statement nben arrested, xvas lodged in the Miredith lock up Sub'cqucnth he xvas lu ought before Mi Armstiong, IP, nnd icmanded to up pint at Geelong on lebiuarj 1 Bail was lixed at ¿llO, but not bung forthcoming licensed nus lomond to the lieclong Gaol ON THE UPP1 It YARR \ TWO MEN IO BE PROSLCtJlED LILA. DILL, li ulai Reports ft oin t! c U\ p^i A in i stitt tint the bush fires cuised gi cat damage to gras9 land In the Don Anllcj, Mt II Mur I (loch's house x as totallj destrojid, and Mr IM Evan lost Ins cowsheds mid jurds At ¡Launching Plan the lire burnt with much fierceness, and tin luidle crossing the I Yai i ti w s onlj saved bj a number of rci i dents removing a poitiou oi the i nilli gs J Inn al o cheel ed the llames from getting 'ovet the utiinin, but the Homo llotel, largelj availed ol bj tourist«, was onlj sax ed with dilinultj, owing to tho intense heit Constable Watt, of Ltljdale, to daj issued iBiunnionsiK nennst two noodcaiteis, i named Philip and lohn Cummins for firing , the geiss al A u mg \\\ ist, iv hcie .2,000 acres [weil destioiid Both nun carne from Alitclmin, and left a lamp lue tn one of the paddoi 1 s HARROW ESCAPE~Or A MLLAGE ¡SL1ILER A ullage settlor named Du id Audi ade, x ho was at one timo a bookseller in Bruns nick, together xuth his info und foin children, lind a narrow escape from berne burnell alive on Wodnesdav, xiluti their bul and outbuildinvs m Hie Duiduiong bille 1 mest were desttoved In (in An (lindo hits foi Hie pist fun xms lind a retail stoic on a small i c ile 1 i cr} thing was totally distiojed, und indradL esiuped without a iliaiu,c ot tlotlung-m deid, almost nuked 