NORTH ADELAIDE SCHOOL BOARD OF AD- VICE.—Tbe quarterly 'meeting of the North Adelaide School Board of Advice was held on Wednesday evening, January 2G, at the Tynte-street School. There were present— Mrs. Nichoils (in the chair), and Messrs. E. E. Cooke. W. Cor, aid W. J. L. Dix, School Visitor. Twelve cases o[ insufficient attendance were dealt with. The annual report, which was read arid approved, stated that the yard at North Adelaide had been tarpaved, deep drainage completed at Waikerville, and that the Nailsworth school had been enlarged and renovated. The four schools had taken part in, tbe Jubilee celebration, and 2,015 niddals distributed to the scholars. The children attending fifteen other schools in the district also received medals. Mr. C. E. Cooke was cordially thanked for the trouble he had taken in this distribution .and for acting as Chairman during the absence of Mrs. Nicholle. Arrangements were made for official visits to some of the schools. The -work done by Mrs. Dix was spoken of with warm appreciation. VICEREGAL.—On Wednesday the Governor will come to the city from his residence at Marble Hiil to attend the meeting of the Executive Council. His Excellency and Lady Victoria intend to be present at the Continentals the same evening, and next day they will return to Marble HilL ANNUAL INSPECTION OF LIGHTHOUSES.—On Friday evening the steamer Governor Musgrave returned to Port Adelaide, after having' visited all the light stations in Spencer's Gulf to deliver the annual supply of stores, and to take the customary interchange of keepers. Some time this week, probably on Wednesday or Thursday, the Wardens of the Marine Board will begin their usual inspection of lighthouses. Those in Spencer's Gulf will receive first attention, and at a later period the South-Eastern stations will be visited. BUSH FIRES, THUNDERSTORMS, AND TELE- GRAPH • INTERRUPTIONS. — On Sunday Sir Charles Todd, the Superintendent of Telegraphs, informed ns that an extensive bushfire was raging between Renmark and Overland Corner, estimated to be about twenty miles in length, and from fifteen to twenty miles in width. Several miles of telegraph wires have been burnt, but Sir Charles said ! that as soon as possible ho would send out working parties to restore the line. Heavy thunderstorms have been raging between Powell's Creek and Port Darwin for the past two days, partially interrupting the Overland Telegraph Line. As a consequence the business on the Port Darwin line has accumulated, but v/o are informed that it is bein^ got through as rapidly as possible. The telegrdph line is also down between Perth and Roebuck Bay, and all messages, are being sent via Port Darwin, which adds greatly to the inconvenience.' BACK TO THE HAUNTS OF MEN.—When comfortably seated ia Weinrich's Hotel, Terowie, on Saturday, after a thoroughly good wa=.h, which was badly needed, following upon their re.turn from bush travels, one and all of the Pastoral Commissioners eagerly scanned the Adelaide newspapers, which were in demand. The party had been absent fire days without the opportunity of glancing at the daily paper, or even a number of the current week; and, naturally enough, they were anxious to learn the latest concerning the Adelaide Hospital and other topics in the city, the Federal Convention, and the Far .East. Away from railway, post, and telegraph, practically severed from the rest of > the world, members were in ignorance of developments in China, and upon their return to civilized haunts they were relieved at finding that war had not been declared, and that matters generally were going on pretty much the same. A MESSAGE TO SOUTH AUSTRALIAN DELE- GATES.—At a meeting of the Committee of the Chamber of Manufactures on Friday. Mr. J. J. Green called attention to the debates at the Federal Convention upon the question of riparian rights. He was very mush disappointed to notice that such anti-federal feeling had been imported into the discussions hy the New 6outb Wales representatives, who practically .claim the sole use of tho river waters. He could not too strongly condemn tbe attitude oE -the Hon. Mr. Reid, Premier of New South Wales, in this matter, who sugges'ted that South Australia should leave the question to the charity of the mother colony. He urged that the Chamber, which bad taken a deep interest in the question of federation, should acknowledge the firm stand taken by the delegates from this colony. If we were going to have a united Australia, he trusted that it would come about in a fair and creditable manner. Several members supported Mr. Green's remarks, and it wa§" unanimously resolved that the following minute be communicated to the South Australian delegates: "This Chamber has for some years givGn much attention to the question of irrigation, aud it is with regret that the committee notices the attitude of tho New South Wales representatives to the Federation Convention upon the question of riparian rights. The assumption of the leaders and the bellicose nature of their general remarks are unworthy of the occasion, 3nd this Chamber is pleased to acknowledge tho effort? of the South Australian delegates who are endeavouring to protect her right to a fair • use of the Mun:ay waters." ROTTEN OF R. S. SMYTHK.—Mr. R, S. Smythe, who his been absent from Australia for seven months, returned to Adelaide yesterday bv the Barbarossa. He left England in the Konigin Luise at the end of November, but landed at Naples in order to spend Christmas in Rome, and as he was there a month he could probably pass an examination in the topography and curiosities of the Eternal City—its Churches, palaces, piazzas, villas, obelisks, villas, and rntris. especially the new rnins of which M. Zola gives such a graphic description in his book about Rome. During his stay in England "the only Australian manager who deals excusiyely in' celebrities" interviewed many artistic and literary-notabilities, amongst them Madame Melba. who personally authorized him to state that she will positively visit her native country some time this year. He han also made a conditional arrangement with Dr. Nansen, "the polar star," who is at present lecturing to immense audiences in America. If Nansens other labours will allow him to visit the antipodes be will be accompanied by Mr. Carlvle Smvllie, who is at present engaged in literary work in Brussels. The first celebrity to make his appearance under Mr. Smvthe's management during the approaching autumn will be Mr. Durward Lelv, the celebrated tenor of various Italian and English opera companies. It is not, however, as an opera or concert singer, but as a Scottish entertainer, that Mr. Lely will tour the colonies. His Australian manager, who went to Scotland to hear him, says that the Durward Lely recitals will be" the most popular one-man entertainment pi von here since the late Robert Heller, magician and musician, came to Australia under Mr. George Coppin's auspices in 1870. Aslced abont bis contract with M. Padercweki, news of the cancellation of which has been received by cable, ?.Ir. Smvthe states that not only do European engagements prevent a. visit to tho antipodes, but that in the«e times people would not willingly pay the London prices of admission, which, when the agreement was entered into six yearn atfo, he "told M. Padereweki could readily obtained here. If at any future timn tho famons pianist should visit the colonics Mr. Smythe has secured the option of managing his tour. 