"A BLACK COAT AND A QUILL PEN." THE OTHER SIDE OF THE PICTURE. THUS Quillusopher writes to PUNCH : — Sir Henry Wrixon has been recently pointing out the advantages of a life in the country as an occupation for our youth, and waxing very doleful over ihe preference of our young men for a black coat and a quill pen in a city to a plough and a cow in t'ie country. Though there is no doubt a good (leal of truth in what Sir Henry savs about the overstocked market for clerical, and indeed all town labour, it must not be supposed that a country life has no drawbacks, nor that the average young man chooses the town life with his eyes closed. I cannot say whether I am wronging Sir Henry in quoting from Shakespeare that ' he jests at scars who never felt a wound,' or as Miss Marion more recently lias it, ' they preach of resignation that .never.felt a loss,' but if the preacher had had much expepieh.ee of the lives of those who ' do on the laud' he would not wonder at the distaste of young for the simplicity and unceasing toil of Wu Arcadian life. ' I haveJi.een a casual observer of the fascinations of ia-ctiuntry life, and as far as I have seen it ,is . the^lifc pi a whim-horse, one dreary circle of i&bpne;'frfyii before dawn till after dusk. Rising befoM^itte sun, the farmer, his son or employe has to dress by candle-light, saddle a horse and go out for the cows. Milking takes him till late breakfast time, then he is employed about, the farm ploughing, sowing, cutting scrub or what-not till dinnertime ; after dinner more scrub-cutting, ploughing, clearing, etc., until the cows have to be brought in again and milked. Tea, a tired glance at an old newspaper or book for an hour or so, and he must get to bed as he must lie up before daybreak to go for the cows again. His cows must be milked twice on Sundays, and probably the remainder of the day of rest has to be devoted to searching for a stray cow or horse, repairing something about his residence or mending his fences. Tliis is the story of his life from year to year. His reward, possibly, comcs in his acquiring a competency for his old age. But that competency brings with it but little pleasure, for his dead, dull monotonous round of daily labour during the best part of his life lias robbed him of the capacity of enjoyment. The ball is at his foot, but the rheumatism horn of years of toil, hardship and exposure prevents him from kicking it; the fruit is within his grasp, but his palate has lost its taste. f»"I make no mention of bush-fires or long droughts, for these are like burst booms, bank smashes and earthquakes, great but unforeseen and unpreventible calamities. 1 " The man who aspires to live a town life, and even, as Sir Henry puts it sneeringly, to wear a black coat and drive a quill pen, has by no means an existence tliat is made up solely of beer and skittles. He has to compete in an overstocked market, but even if lie is amongst the less fortunate of the black-coat-iind- ijuill-pen brigade, his life can scarcely be considered as harder than that <>t the farmer, whilst lie has counterbalancing advantages and pleasures which the man upon the land cannot hope to enjoy. Ho may ho poor, shabbily dressed and have a dilhculty in making both ends meet. But, poor and shabby though he bo, he lives and has pleasures and recreations which cost liini nothing. He lias libraries and museums to interest, instruct and amuse him, he mingles with his fellows in the streets, ho may stroll in beautiful parks and gardens, he may go out and witness cricket matches or horse-races, and lie is at liberty to be a spectator of gorgeous pageants, gubernatorial, society or trade. All around him is life, bustle, excitement to distract or amuse, even though he may have to exist upon a couple of meals a day. He is in the midst of busy life, and ho lives. His cake is not a rich one, but it lias a few plums and lie eats it as lie goes along. The farmer eventually obtainsa much richer cake. Isutitis case, of si" non vobis with him, for he is old and tooth less, and has no mind for such sweets in his tired old age. Much that Sir Henry Wrixon urges in favour of technical education is admirable. I am not disagreeing with his views in that respect, but when he glorifies tbe lot of the man who 'goes upon the land ' at the expense of the person who prefers the black-coat-and-qtiill-pen, 1 think thaihe takes an unwarrantably rosy view of the farmer's life. Tho black coat may be threadbare and white at the seams, and the quill-pen may not he able to sign a cheque for a live-pound note, but I should prefer them to the life of the wlum-horse. " ' Better fifty years of Europe than a cycle of Cathay.' " THE editor of Berlin PCNCIT has been, poking fun at the {Emperor, and William who regards himself as |a sacred object, has chirked the irreverent scribe with blasphemy, or L>se mychte, which amounts to the same thing. Tbe editor is accused of making a fool of the Kaiser, and William will allow nobody to usurp his prero- WHEN the final news of the second test match came along there were a few disconsolate faces amongst the many elated faces around the notice board! in front of the new. paper offices. The man who believed the Englishmen were playing 6oftly to benefit the gate had received a shock, but was not quite crushed. " What price the Australians now?" he was asked *by a "beastly cawlonial." " Oh, they have licked a lot of cripples!" was the reply. " Have they ? They were ao much crippled as the English. But truft you to find excuses. Look here, old man, what excuse will you have if the Australians win the next test— what will you say of that ?" " I'll say," retorted the British barracker, " that it's an inter vention of Providence I" 