A CONSEQUENCE. " Wind's changed—and fire's comin' through from the station." The words were gasped out as young Mansey Deerward flung himself from his heaving pony at the back door of his home. He had espied the on coming trail of fire from afar on his homeward journey. The selector, his wife and family rose en masse from the dinner-table, and rushed out to fight down the enemy, each one only pausing long enough to snatch up hat, .cap, or sun bonnet—whichever was nearest to the seeking hand without regard to the ownership thereof, which led in one or two cases to ludicrous results. A strong westerly breeze was swing ing through the tops of the gums and swishing up the grassy slopes of the selection and run. The fire, which had been licking lazily along the edge of a dry sandy gully all the morning, suddenly blazed up fiercely, and racing round the bead of the gully swept under the boundary-fence into the Deerwards' house paddock. One or two posts had already caught when Mansey's warning cry ran out. The selector, a muscular native of six feet and over, was drawling oaths in his soft voice as he furiously tore a mighty limb from a gum tree and sped towards the wavering red line. The yearly drought was unusually long, fodder was scarce, and stock suffering in consequence. Deerward had no idea of seeing his grass—dry and hay like thongh it might be—burnt up and gone in a whiff before his eyes. Be sides, there was danger of the whole fence—for half of which he was re r sponsible—catching, of his fowl and big yards (composed of stringy bark saplings stiff in their rough coats), and finally his humpy itself being levelled to the ground. "Git through the fence, Dais," he shouted as he ran, " and head it np the gully." Without remark the second Ming Deerward, running like a kangaroo hound, bore off to the right and plunged through the wires of the fence. Mansey panted down in her rear, but kept within the selection territory. She reft a branch from a redgum sapling—a branch laden with t- honey-scented blossom—and fell upon the invading foe, striking right and left with a muscular force which many a man might have envied righteously. It was between twenty and thirty yards from fence to gully, and the girl's duty lay within the limited area —to keep the flames from advancing further down the narrow lane in order that the face, .of the fire should not extend over a wider surface of selection country. Three hundred yards south from Dais the fence turned a sudden corner and ran due east in the direction the fire was taking. No one cared how much further south the country should first redden, then blacken, , before the flames. That was all station—let the Boss and his hands look to the saving of it. The evil originated—none * knew how—within its precincts ; it was only fair that the larger domain should be the keener sufferer. Beating out a bushfire may have its exciting side, but under no circum stances is it an agreeable mode of passing time. Dais Deerward had not lived out t, back for a couple of decades without learning all the detestable intricacies of a bushfire's behavior. To-day the wind blew briskly, but not steadily. It came shiftily—mostly from the west—but occasionally with an abrupt puff beat round to south or north. Then Dais, madly dashing the burn ing tufts of straw-like native grass into blackened pulp, would be forced to change her ground, for behold ! fire was crackling merrily behind her where the windpuff had thrown forward a long tongue of flame. " Manse, Manse," she called hoarsely. But Mansey, having beaten out the flames in the vicinity of the fence, had followed on the heels of bis brothers to the front, where the fire raged most virulently. The girl was practically alone. She threw away her leafless stick and tore off a fresh branch, and fought on angrily, stubbornly. Dais was a tall, finely-formed girl, I with a gipsy-like duskiness and bril | iiancy of complexion which the smoke | and heat were spoiling fast, i Close to the fence she had the fire well out, and she stood for a moment to collect her energies and fill her lungs afresh. The next instant a kangaroo rat dashed out of a burning tuft of grass, and with its fur alight bounded madly past the"girl, through the fence, and on towards the house. Before the fur burnt out fire had been carried through its medium to half a dozen fresh places. Dais gazed stupidly at the mischief for a second or so in bewildered despair. She threw down her branch. "It's no good," she cried sullenly, with a gasp that meant she was on the verge of an outburst of tears. But the next instant she had again seized the branch, and was rnshing towards the fence with new determina tion. A cloud of smoke enveloped her, and half choked and quite blinded for the moment she dashed with force against a post. ! She had stooped to get through the wires, and the collision left her stag gering with an ugly cut across her forehead. Dazed and gaping she almost fell, but suddenly a strong arm went round her waist and lifted her out of the range of heat. " Do you want to kill yourself ?' a masculine voice asked in her ear. The short, damp curls on her forehead were pushed back by quick, firm fingers, and a cool handkerchief was bound round her throbbing head. She was twisted round as if she were a child and planted on a log, with a stern admonition to " stay there " if she valued her life. Then the young Boss selected a branch, and vaulting lightly the boun dary fence, fell with fresh vigor on the fire that was consuming selection feed. Dais watched him in a half-stunned manner, too tired and stupid to do other than obey him for the present. The last time she and the Boss met neither meeting nor parting had been conducted in an amicable fashion. She was miles on the run after trespassingj cattle, and sauntering dreamily home ward behind them was met by the Boss, who, in his own peculiarly frank and charming manner had asked how many hundred times during the last few weeks selection stock had broken bounds. Miss Deerward chose to look upon the guileless interrogation as a particularly insinuative one, and there upon fell foul of the questioner with her tongue, which could lash like the long snaky whip she carried in her right hand. The Boss contented him self with warning her that station air and station grass might prove un healthy for selection cattle, and so departed with an unusually elegant bow. Dais felt it hard. She had known the Boss (as Ted Rivers) all her life. He was only a selector's son, bub unwearying diligence combined with much business smartness raised him eventually to the position he now occupied—-that of manager of Lindah Station. His impregnable honesty kept him in it. But it—the honesty— was a source of soreness to the Boss's old friends. ft hat could a bite of grass here and there matter to Lindah ? Unfortunately the Boss was pig-headed, self- opinionated on this point, and never looked at it from,other than his own side. Dais pondered all this as she watched his energetic form move from place to place, and then, despite her aching head, she got up and went quickly to work again, for the fire was once more under way between the fence and the gully. Rivers shouted to her, but she took no notice. In smother minute he had the fire beaten out inside the fence and hastened to her side. " Why don't you leave it alone ?" he demanded sternly. " You're not fit with that great cut on your head. You'd better go home and bat be it. I can get this fire under." Both were beating vigorously. "You ban't and I wont," she re sponded crossly. Between her smart ing wound and irritated feelings she was in a fair way of showing temper. Ted Rivers might be boss of Lindah bat he was not boss of Dais Deerward. "Just like you—you're that ob stinate " " If you only came here to abuse me I'd rather you stayed away," she burst out. " 'Tisn't the first time I've beat out a bush fire, and I wonder you can bear to touch such dirty work." " What cronkness have you got into that dear little head of yours now?" he enquired carelessly. Dais laughed scornfully. " Why, and they say you never think of having a meal now without a table- napkin. Reckon you ought to go to England—you'd make a dandy new chum." The fire was breaking out in a new place and the Boss went to see after it. " That's what I'm saving my money for," he said, when he came back; " to go to England for my honeymoon. Look here, Dais, leave off, you look like fainting. The fire'll be under in a minute." " I'm all right. Don't be so fussy. I'm not an Englishwoman that I can't stand a bit of work." Her tones were so really vicious that the Boss divined what they indicated. " Ada Gray can do any work as well as another if she is an English woman—that is, woman's work !" he observed in a frank and charming manner, with an eye on his companion. He had the pleasure of seeing her look as if he had struck her, then she showed him her back, and when she spoke there was an altogether irre pressible tremb'e in her voice. " What I do I've got to do, and I ain't ashamed of it. But you're a coward. You're up now and can afford to sneer at people like us. Once you'd have been glad enough for women to help you, beat out fires or anything else." She threw down her branch and moved towards the fence, for they had gradually got the flames down and she decided to go home—her head ached maddeningly. " I'm glad now," said the Boss, his tones softening, "when it's you," he added. She only laughed contemptuously, and began fumbling at the knot on the handkerchief—she would not wear his handkerchief. " Don't laugh like that," be objected. " I only said what I did about women's work to tease you. Can't you take a bit cof hih iking? I suppose you wouldn't believe me if I said I admire your sort of girl T " Don't care a rap what you say. J know I don't admire your sort of man." She tugged at the handkerchief, but the knot was tight and he would not help her. "Not really, now?" he queried, trying with cool effrontery to look into her face as she held it down. "You don't mean that sarcasm?" Poor Dais! Hot and tired, and really sick with resentment and pain she did not feel equal to a contest of wits. Her shaking fingers could not cope with that tiresome knot, and for the first time he appeared to see what she was endeavoring to do. " Don't take that off," he said, pulling down her hand in the " bossy " way that exasperated her beyond bearing. Think I wouldn't1 trust you with it ? Don't be silly." " But—but I wont have anything of yours on my head. I'd rather bleed to death." And though her voice shook there was something in her tones that sobered Rivers. "You don't mean that?" he said quietly. "Not really? You don't realty hate me ?" " Don't I ?" was all she said, chokingly. At last the knot was untied, and tearing the blood-stained bandage from her head she fiung it at the feet of the Boss, and turned in a homeward direction. It was not the first time that Dais told the Boss that she hated him, but it was the first time he believed it. A slow frown wrinkled his forehead ; he took one step after her, then abruptly swung round in the opposite direction. A bad-tempered cat. But just at that moment Dais became aware of a curious phenomenon that was taking place. She stood, as it were, afar off and watched the world revolving on its axis. Round it went with frightful velocity. It made .her sick to see. Her brain reeled and darkened. " Did I—did I—" " Faint ? Yes, and no wonder." His tone was stern, but this time from fear. Dais woke up to find herself sitting on the grass with her hsad on her knee, and his hand pouring down her throat and sprinkling on her face water which he had fetched in his cabbage-tree hat from a deep hole in the gully. A soaked handkerchief lay across her forehead. She sighed andc losed her eyes. The water being done he used his hat for a fan and raised her head on his arm. " I'm dirty and smoky, and I know there are smuts on my face," she mur mured, " but—but somehow " The Boss was staring fixedly into the face she was maligning and suddenly her eyes opened wide and laughed into his. " But you don't care," he said, as if seeing the answer to a puzzle on a sudden. "Neither do I." He bent his tall head and kissed her on the mouth. " Dais," he whispered, " wouldn't you like to go to old England for your honeymoon ?" " No," she replied, laughing in spite of her throbbing wound, " New Eng land is good enough for me, Teddy." And for no reason at all the Boss thought he had better kiss her again. —Sydney Partbigb, 