GEINElRAL NEWS. SrEXTEBNive bueshfires are raging in the :neighbourhood of Wellington, N.Z., :'r;and vessole makling for the harbour ;experienco groat diflohulty in piohing up the entranoo owing to the thiok Ssmoke- obscuring the view. The Wellington woollen mille at Potoif had. a narrow escape. r' There have also boon destructive ,; LAres in Victoria and Tasmania. ^;: A force of Bolooohistan tribesmen \- " attacked a British surveying party at Makrum, killing many of the native gutards. ' OCaptain Burn alone escaped and 'obtained roeinforcemente at Ormarn. The tribesmen in the Eei Valley are :. revolting. - Mdmo. Albani, the famous vocalist w:; ill sail for Australia (fter abe has taken farewell of the Queeu. The Frenuch goverumenut have do. oided to prosecuteo M. Zola for the Scharges made by him against the miniater for war and several general offioores of the army. Paris is in a etato of ferment. Archer was placed on trial in Lou don on Thursday for the murder of Mr. William Terris, the well-known actor, wan found to be insane, and was ordered to be imprisoned during the Queen's pleasure. Prince 11ohonloho - Sehillingeforet, Chancellor of the German Empire, contomplates introducing stringent legislation to prevent abuses brought about by labor combinations. Sergeant Wolher, a British non. oommiesioned officer, who was recently captured by the Afridtl, has been re. leased after having been a prisoner three weeks. London, Janoary 17.-The Right i on. Charles Pelham Villiers, Liberal. Unionist MP. for South \Volveo. hampton, and "the Father of the House of Commons," who was re. ported to be in a sinking condition, died last night. Mr. Villiers, who represenouted WVol verhamptou in the Hones of ,Oom mons since 18t5,.was in his ninety. sixth year. A petition is being signed by in fluontial university and professional men in Paris praying for a new trial of Captain D)reyfus. A floet of United States warships is assembled in the Gulf of Mexico nominally for the purpose of drill, It is suspected however that it is con. nected with the situation in Cuba. For the Western Australian 8 per cent. loan of £1,000,000,' tenders for which were opened on Friday, £T,891,000 were offered. Tenders at £ltt 4'-1 will get 410 per cent. of the amount applied for; those above that will receive in full. On Sunday the engineers of the steamer Bulimba, which was on the point of departure from Melbourno to Western Australia, refused to proceed to son because it was Sunday. An attempt was made to induen the engineers to alter their determination, but with no success. The vessel was then hauled down the river by a lug, and anchored in lobson's Bay. Speaking at liecton the Premier of New Zealand said that the Govern mont would take the first opportunity to reintroduce the Pensions Bill. io sild that the result of a careful calculation showed that in the first year only £9i0,00k would be required, nud for tire years after that £1,7,000. At Quirindi on Sunday night a brilliant meteor was observed, and early yesterday morning another was seen, followed some time afterwards by a report like that of a 100-ton gun. A house was completely wrecked. Bush-tires have broken out in the Hnwera district, New Zealand, cane ingu great loss to the settlers. In the P?biatua district the loss of stock has been enormous, thousands of sherp aud cattle having been de rtroycd. At Ballauce a settler's wife died from fright caused by the tires. A great gale has teen experienced at lHaumer Plains, Couterbury, N.Z. While i, man was trying to scecur the reof of his house he was blown off Mnd killed. The London branch of the Amalga. mateaed Society of Eingineers has with. drrnwnt its demand for eight brns,. Bcfcre wor~k caIt to resumed the employers insist on the eceptauce of theSn : ctnrs wi:h ri:ard to the manage ment of their ccn.rns. T'rrc is qa zt ,poal of co- operation on thle r'a? cf GerarSuy asiei Great IBr;:itu in conunltion with the floating of the Chinos, leaIn of £l't.\,0tl0l to l ", ot the w,-r iudemni, to ,t.pan. The Germsu t'resa displays incrsed frincsti:curss to ards Great Britain. 