FLEMINGTON TRAINING NOTES. Melbourne, February 1. A. heavy sullen atmosphere, liberall y charged with smoke from bushfires, greeted early-<*> risers this morning. Both the sand and tan tracks were in the best of order. W. Jordan was astir betimes, and he set the watches tick-<*> ing by sending Table Talk and Canoona a Gec- longCirpgallop. Tbey used thesand, and covered a mile and a quarter in 2 mm. 18 sec; at least Table Talk did, for Canoona was a long way in the rear at the finish. Fleet Admiral was not asked to go out of a slow pace. He has made a lot of condition since his arrival from Adelaide, and be now looks himself. Bloodstone and Cicero concluded a more gentle pacing with an tine-tended brush over a few furlongs. Bloodstone's style of getting over the ground takes the fancy at a glance, and he look-all right in point of condition. Vakeel and Viking were companions in a serviceable mile travelled in 1 mm. 02 sec. Neither being hurried to do it. Filgate's two year-olds, Hephaestus and Carlotus, did nothing of importance, nor did Staffa or Monarch. Staffa seems to be very hearty, and shows no signs of his spring soreness. Cardoman as usual was clear of Heretic at the end of cix furlongs left behind by the Gossoon colt in 1 mm. 22 sec Useful work was allotted Blue Vest and Martini, while Interlude, with Chokebore to help bim, ran the last mile of a fair journey in 1 mm. 51 sec Ayrshire who bad been on the lazy list for some days put past a half-mile very freely in 54 see. Donalda, who has also been taking things quietly for a while, reappeared and was indulged in a canter. It took Safety 1 mm. 23 sec. to get to tbe end of si- furlongs, but be could have done better. Eiridsforde, Miraclum, and Xarioth essayed a mile together, the grey being alone in front at the finisli, but no timeout of the way was recorded. Eirids forde is progressing very nicely in bis prepara tion, and it should not be many weeks before he is ready again. "Alumium, with ap parently only a feather-weight on her back, went a great pace in beginning a run over along six furlongs on the tan. She, however, slowed down towards the end, and after doing five furlongs in 1 mm. G£ sec the whole journey occupied 1 mm. 2lh sec This is very fast for the track, and if Alumium had finished better the gallop would then rank as a clipping good one. Her stable mate Jack Homer tried the same task, taking a second longer than Alumium. Orlara left a mile in the rear in 1 50 sec., and Beau Brummel was running over The Lover at the end of five furlongs on the sand in 1 mm. 6 sec An albino frog with pink eyes has lately been added to the curiosities in a musenm at Berlin. The newest bicycle is made entirely of glass, even the ball- bearings being of this material, which is exceedingly hard. It is claimed that the machine can be used Just as if it were made of steel. 