ODDS AND ENDS. The following appointments to the com mission of .the peace have been made for the East Coolgardie district : — Messrs. Robert D. McKenzie (Kalgoorlie), John M. lopkms, Patrick J. ureen, jonn n. King (Boulder). The appointment is gazetted of Sergeant M. II. Brophy to be a sub-inspector of police. The following appointments are gazetted : — Messrs. Gibb - Maitland (Government Geologist) to be an ex officio inspector of mines ; Edward S. Simpson to act for the Government Geologist during his absence a.h n.nv t.imfl fvnm Perth: G. C. Gordon to be, temporarily, a manager of public batteries. The apple crop in the Jayes district is said to be the heaviest ever known there. The Government grant for the drive at Albany has aroused aspirations at Espe- rance. The local paper complains of the need that exists there, pointing out local potentialities that only require develop ment to surpass anything that can be produced at the rival port. cne All aoon, nailing irom uie r lowery Land, was recently discovered by an aboriginal wandering hatless, bootless, and for four days waterless, on the Mt. Florence station in the far North. While he was stooping for a drink at a well his horse had escaped from him and lie got lost in vainly trying to catch it. A destructive bush-fire occurred last Saturday week near Nortbam. A wheat paddock, several miles of fencing, and a number of sheep were destroyed by it. Messrs. Loton and Throssell were the losers. At Whim Creek, in the Roebourne dis trict, the thermometer rose on January 12 to 125 in the shade. During the month of January 5006 immi grants arrived in the colony. The depar tures were 1902 ; the net gain to the colony being 3104. Our Albany contemporary derives from the recent storm the lesson that " Fre- niantle is no place for mail steamers which cannot afford to lose time, and that, on the other hand, the inner harbour is necessary for the ocean tramps, and also for the intercolonial traders." Norseman is now being supplied through Esperance — a twelve months' trial of the Coolgardie route having proved unsatis factory. A cargo steamer to ply between Esperance and Albany is considered desir able. The opening of a private hospital in Havelock street, Perth, is meeting with lively opposition from the residents in the neighbourhood. They have presented petitions against the institution to the central and local Boards of Health. Extensive and destructive bush fires have occurred in Victoria. The smoke of those in Gippsland was wafted as far North as Sydney. Mr. Edward O'Donnell McDevitt, a member of the Victorian Bar, and a former Attorney-General of Queensland, died suddenly last week while engaged in learn ing to ride a bicycle. Deceased, who was 53 vears of age, has left a widow and child. R.I.P. Among the new inventions of the period is a starting machine to be used at horse races. Bows of tape or cord are stretched across the course and at the given moment withdrawn by mechanical action. In the course of an address made by him during the recent contest in Dublin, Count Plunkett said that, to use the language of O'Connell, he would rather live under a Parliament of Protestants than under a Parliament of Catholic strangers. The Act for restricting Asiatic immigra tion into this colony is being zealously administered. Several cases have occurred within the past few weeks in which persons falling under its provisions have been prevented from landing here. Mr. Oct. Burt, who e-oes to relieve foi six months Mr. R. Hare, Secretary to the Agent-General, in London, received a farewell entertainment on Friday after noon from representatives of the Govern ment departments, — Dr. Lovegrove presid ing. The heat at the Government observatory on Saturday was, in the shade, 104.4 deg. On Sunday it was 107 deg. Elsewhere the temperature was considerably higher. The late General Havelock, who was a bitter Unionist, has been replaced in Parliament by Mr. Joseph Richardson, a Gladstonian Liberal. T'ht nnrf.irm of f.liP 1 no'AAn nf. "Rn nhnvv sr -'"a «vw '"v now being filled in covers an area of 6 acres. The work will occupy some two or three weeks and will cost about <£2,000. The new courthouse at Albany is now completed, and in use. Sneak thieves, most properly so- called' stole pumpkins the other night from the farm of Mrs. Carandel, near Bunbury, wantonly stabbing others so as to render them useless. A bore at the Association Cricket Ground, Perth, has been completed, the result being a daily supply of 600,000 gals, of good water. The Albany Advertiser predicts a pro bable failure of the Coolgardie Water Scheme owing to the bursting of rivets. If Albany be the gate of Australia it creaks somewhat dismally on its hinges. Nor is its Parliamentary representative f.lio m tin f a m»no oa The sudden death of- Mr. Edward O'Donnell McDevitt, intelligence of which has been wired here from Victoria, has been received with much regret in this colony where the deceased was very well known. During his residence at Kalgoor lie, Mr. McDevitt had made many friends. R.I.P. 