PERAMBI ULATOR. :: '° ; -o "Another new journal is arnounced at Kilmeore as per Mr James i1Mblnus' adv. in last Free Press. ol I fear if Mr M'Mauus'exc!udea ".fools and tools" , the new venture wi I not he a hugesuccess. Bow" E ever, theie may be a lot of wise. folks in the C country yet. The Cup is now thealldabsorbing topic and it is si surprising the iumber of persons " in the know." E Well I likena good race myself for the solid pleasure o of the contest, tuat I can uei'er bring myself to the. belief that betting is necessary'to add to the enjoyl- - ment. 1 therefore make the rather humble admis- C sion that 1 don't bet, and let me advise others, for real peace of mind, to go and do likewise. Having. a said this let me express the wish that all will k enjoy the great festival on Tuesday in a sensible and I rational manner. I That notice from the Kilmore Dairy Co. -about prosecuting those illegally using the registered brands of the company was not issued to soon. It is commonly reported that butter, never made at the factory, finds its way to market in boxes purporting to be from the Kilmore Dairy '-Go.- If u this rumor is correct, and I hope it is not, then the - n act of placing butter on the market, purporting to c be made wbere it is not, is rather a serious offence,.--.-v and the notice now issued should be a deterrent. I Really the company has enough to contend with d and should not have the value of its product lea- t sened in manner stated. I TheFre Pre&s; reference to the Bible in State - Schools last week is receiving some local attention. " I am certainly convinced' the introduction of the -F Sacred Scriptures to the schools, as proposed, will f burst.up the Act, and are the public piepared for t this ? I am .; not quite enamp;ed- of the secular '.1 system, which bad its serious drawbacks, but if the t Bible in State Schools League had its ways matters would he' muoh worse. If the Christian people i have charity one towards the other the difficulty might be surmounted-have they though ? How 1 many of them will talk out straight like Dr Bevan ? Fancy the President of the Kilmore Hospital telling Mr John Taylor he was not speaking the j truth, and this to be followed up by Mr Boasence telling the same gentleman he was wrong. What ] is the world coming to-? Why some -people seem t to haveno regard for age or experience. It appears Mr Taylof said he was not at a. certain meeting,i the minutes showed he was, but even then he was not convinced. Now if one like myself, who is not a rigid teetotaller,,id this, unfair references may be drawn. As it is I refrain from comment. . At Sydney on the 19th instant the weather was scorching, the thermometer-degisteriigo over 99 deg. in the shade. On the same day here people- re quired heavy overcoats, and many Kilmore visitori to Lancefield sports felt countrained to limit their, stay in consequence of the cold. What are these meteorologists about anyhow ? Let me congratulate Cr Carty upon his election for Bylands and Glenburuie without opposition. The gentleman named- was- some short, time -in: public life as a member of' the- old -Road Board, .which now constitutes the riding. he is chosen for as part of Kilmore Shire, - and he was always honorable and independent. I am,sure he,has not changed since then, and being` possessed of considerable experience, and above the average t intelligence, he should take a leading part in I municipal affairs. From your report of last Broadford Shire Coun cil meeting it appears that Cr Doherty has determined to stick to the presidentship, evidently s got under somewhat doubtful circumstances. t There seems scarcely a doubt that the U draw" was muddled- and that Cr Corney had quite as good a right- to be declared elected as the gentleman who conferred that " honor" upon himself.- Itis likely more may yet be heard of the business, certainly all trouble could he avoided if Cr Doherty -di d the right thing-gracefully vacate a position which was simply usurped - and ' which he had held. for the previous year. - It is rumored that the Kilmore Turf Clubwill not \- hold its usual New Year's Day meeting. Whether this is correct or- not I know not, but ,there are some who would-like tohlear of soinetlitiig definite being done about squaring the yards for last dmeeting. Fancy bush.fires' in the Gippsland tcountry last week. - They were. extingruihed ;efoie inmch damage -as cne. :. Well, things must- be- iteriing 1 very much when bush fires are -prevalent in'Gipps n land so- early in the -eason, a p-ac usually green when even the area aroiund here is- somewhat d parched. Every precaution should, however, be taken during the coming iammer months against the starting of bush fires., . I don't kbow who is the author of the following, but whoever it is must be a shrewd. .judge o the best means of securing business ': n Put not your paint on fences, '- :-:.. Nor " dodgers" in the air, - - ·: S - But spread your special bargains : e ... On newspaper pages fair..'.. - ? Talk to the general public, [ - Whom reading hath made wise \- -:-: Select a well read paperr . And in it advertise. \- Competition between provincial printers is \- generally keen enough, but when Melbourne firms enterthe lists as competitors for municipal work sthings are rendered very uncomfortable. This remark is called forth by" the circumsntance that a Melbourne firm lately secured the contract for a neighboring shire's printing. Will the Melbourne firm go to the expense of running a paper at the , place named and repoeting, at great cost, every~l a municipal meeting ? I should say not. And it ,T speaks not too highly for the intelligence or Sjustice of municipal councilfors who assist in such Is outrageous rivalry - in fact the local printing s establishment seems to be almbst 'forgotten by those whose duty and interest should be in the Sdirection of sustaining it. La The Land Bill is still-being considered in com4 d mittee in the Assembly, and there is not the interest d manifested in its provisions which chavacterised Slegislation twenty years back. I -suppose the reason of this may be ascribed to the circumstance Sthat most if not all of the country's best territory Shas been alienatedi, and the - remainder is. scarcely Sworth fighting for. I hope, however, the bill will e pass Parliament upon the most liberal lines and that settlement will thereby be induced-more Spopulation means an increase of prosperity. Rain-making is the- subject 3f a communication to the Argus last week from -Mr J. W. Spring' thorpe. He suggests that a fund be raised in a certain manner and an experimentalist engaged in order to scientifically tackle the problem of bring. b ing down what is so near and yet so capricious there is plenty of rain in the clouds not half a mile away on many a day and over many a dry field, Well, I think the periodical tapping of the clouds not impossible, but is there any one time when sall can agree that suchshould be done ? Australia is. inow a -grand dountry, but with more rainfall it \- would be:an earthly paradise... On Saturday next Messrs Osborn and Hudeon will auction at Royal Oak 50 acres and 9 acres, a Willowmavin and Bylands respectively, in estate of late Mr M. Fawkner. On Wednesday, will sell on >f the farm of the late Mr E. Maloney 211a Ir 24p, •Bylands, also stock, furniture, etc. t, An escaped ape created much amusemeht in it Melboturne last week. He was eventually captured ti by his owner. Professor Frederick's. A legal manager in trouble, James Whyte-of the f Perseverance G. M. Co. wnahted- alleged deficienoy,` bl £104, and forging of scrip. a, The body found at the back beach, Philliplsland, Shas been identified ae that of Alex. B. Clerk, of d Hawthorn. s, On the 12th instant Mr Richard Mahoney, a a, native of Kilmore, was married at the IR.C. Church, Nagambie, to Miss Grace, daughter of the late A. n Doherty,-J.P., of Hughes' Creek. The interesting Sceremony was performed by the brother of the bridegroom, Father Peter Mahoney, also a native osf p Kilmore. a. The S&ymour; Express announces that a Melbourne syndicate has takeu up a quantity of lanid in` tHe t. neighborhood for mining purposes, g Under date October 20tb, the tributers of the Long Tunnel claim, Reedy Creek, report :-In winze the stone is showing very little gold, but. it may improve yet. Keeping two men on in same to a see if it will.improve. Mll'the other men are -em'. ployedon the surface. We are running battery I- night.and day, and the plates are looking fairly t well. Think we will strike something new in south end of mine. Will run battery another week after 's this before we wash up, that will make one month's crushing. The battery has been going night and ,d lay eince:I got new pump for easoe. -tive laid 'truck zead .on top and chute or.sastie.; Have things.:in aood working order. Hope acrshipng.will turan ou all rsight. 