NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. A publication called the Wide World Maga- zine appears to have set itself the task of out Munchausening Munchausen. A few weeks ago it set London agape with a wonderful story of Australian experiences alleged to have been gone through by a gentleman named Rougemont. The yarns spun by this raconteur are fully equal to the best stories of the great Baron, and in a competition for the belt for Champion Liar it would be difficult for the most talented expert to determine whether Munchausen or Rougemont had the greater merit. The magazine in question, however, would appear to make a specialty of putting Australian romances before the public as sober statements of fact. In the June issue there was given a graphic account of a bushfire alleged to have taken place at Albury. The details of this account bear splendid witness to the imaginative powers of the author. The people of Albury are represented as having been scared out of their senses in dread of the town being de- stroyed. All through the bush there was "a practically unlimited quantity of good cooked meat lying about in every direction, in the shape of kangaroos and wallabies." The writer being hungry, ' dismounted in a likely spot, free from branches and other obstruc- tions, and proceeded to cut off the leg of a smoking wallaby ' which he found 'done to a turn, and deliciously tender.' But the sequel to this remarkable meal was still more extraordinary. Says the writer : — ' Strangest of all, my horse began to eat the wallaby precisely as though he were browsing in some green and fertile valley.' After some fur- ther singular experiences the gifted author retired to rest at the Royal Hotel, and slept for 24 hours, as well he might after such a startling experience. Speculating on the causes of bush fires he mentions sparks from steamers going up and down the river. This can hardly have been the occasion of many tires near Albury, though it is not, of course, impossible. One is, however, inclined to doubt the theory that fires are often caused 'by the branches of trees rubbing together till they burst into flame.' * * * * There is I am glad to learn some prospect of forming an association to be called the Amalgamated Husbands' Protection Union. A society of this kind will supply a long felt want, and under competent management should do much to raise the status of the unfortunate married man, so long down trodden and uncomplaining. The objects of the Union are too numerous to be here particularised, but they will include among other things effectual means for protesting in a practical manner at the way in which women overlook the peccadilloes of their gentleman friends, and laugh at their exigeant ways, while regarding the same weaknesses in their husbands with the utmost aversion and dis- gust. If a gentleman caller has a heightened complexion, and breathes at close quarters a faint suspicion of whisky, while more than usually talkative, a lady will say, ' Oh, Mr. Blank was so jolly this evening. He made me laugh at funny things he said to me.' But let poor tired hubby come home a little later than usual, and with a rakish tilt to his hat, and a comical glint in his eyes, address the wife of his bosom with a knowing wink and a 'Kiss me, ducky,' his indignant spouse will raise a cold and calculating eye, as she inquires in steady tones, 'Are you drunk?' * * * A Sydney paper states that on the occasion of Madame Sherwin's farewell concert the crowded audience at the Town-hall by un- tiring applause got two popular programmes for a shilling. If anything, Madame Sher- win and the members of her company were too good natured. This opens up the whole question of the encore nuisance. Professional performers like encores, but as a rule they take good care that their (the performers') labors shall not be appreciably increased thereby. They know what items are likely to be encored, and the programme is arranged accordingly. In the case of amateur enter- tainments there is no provision of the kind, and it is thus within the power of the encore fiend — usually the small boy — unduly to prolong the entertainment. It is about time this was stopped. It is not fair to the performed, who may not always care to do double duty. It is not fair to the audience, who, going for an hour and three-quarters, may not always care to sit for two hours and a half, however good the performance. The small boy may be a very estimable small boy as such, but why should he be accorded the privilege of an autocrat to dictate the length of a musical entertainment? * * * * The practice of advertising for a wife, so common now in Australia, appears to have spread to Japan. The Japanese advertiser, however, is more exacting than the ordinary colonist. A list of his requirements is set forth in a Japanese paper as follows : — A bachelor 27 years olds, without wealth, of quiet dispositions, living on a reasonable monthly income, and having but little parental restrictions, desires to be married to a lady possessed of the following qualifica- tions : — 1\. She must be 21 years of age, and of good health. 2\. Of more than average beauty. 3\. A working knowledge in arithmetic. 4\. A working knowledge in sewing. 5\. Not given to much talk. 6\. Possessed of some property. 7\. Virtuous. 8\. Hater of liquors. 9\. Have little or no parental restrictions. Clause No, 9 would seem to be a stipulation against too much mother-in-law. LIPPON DAIRN. The River. — The Murray yesterday was 6ft. 2in. over summer level and stationary. Crown Lands Bailiff. — The appoint- ment of Mounted-constable O'Neill, Wo- donga, as bailiff of Crown lands, is notified in last week's Gazette. ' The Land op the Maori. '—This popular entertainment will be given to-night at the Federal Theatre. A brief description of the performance will be found in another column. The Wangaratta Show.— An approxi- mate balance- sheet of the Ovens and Murray Agricultural Society shows that the net profits of the annual show, held last month, were £120. Postponement of Auction Sale. — Messrs. Tompson, Manning, and Jeremy announce elsewhere that in consequence of the drought, the Berembed North Estate has been with- drawn from sale. Money to Lend — The Beechworth Build- ing Society announces that it has money to lend on easy terms of repayment. Applica- tion may be made to the secretary, Mr. A. M. Morrison, Beechworth. Walbundrie Court House. — Mr. Lyne writes : — ' I saw the Minister for Justice with reference to 'Walbundrie matters, and the approved of the erection of a local court house. I anticipate that tenders for the construction. of this work will shortly be called for.' New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency. — This company publishes elsewhere a circular in regard to their charges for selling wool. The circular points out that it is more profitable to the grower that a delivery charge should be made to the buyer than any charge beyond the 3 per cent, commission be made to the producer. The Rutherglen Show. — The annual show of the Rutherglen Agricultural Society takes place on Thursday next, 26th inst. The beautiful park where the exhibition is held is now at its best, and a record attend- ance is confidently anticipated. A special train will leave Springhurst ah 9.55 a.m., re- turning from Rutherglen at 7 p.m. Return tickets at holiday excursion fares will be issued. Public School, Gerogery.— This school was examined on 6th inst. by Mr. Inspector Pearson, and the report given by that gentle- men shows that the result was of a highly satisfactory character. The attainments made in more than one subject reaches the standard of ' Excellent.' Mr. Pearson complimented the teachers (Mr. and Mrs. Manns) for their praiseworthy zeal in bringing the school to such a state of proficiency, although they have labored under uncontrollable disadvan- tages for some time. Cheap Fares to Melbourne.— From 24th October to 8th November return tickets at holiday excursion fares will be issued to Melbourne only, at all stations. These tickets will be available for return by all trains up to the night of 24th November. The journey cannot be broken on these tickets. On 9th November tickets at holiday excursion fares will be issued to and from all stations. They will be available for return up to the night of 24th November. The Flower Show.— The Flower Show was opened last night at the Mechanics' In- stitute, and proved a great source of attrac- tion. The principal feature of the exhibition was the magnificent display of roses, which would be hard to beat at any exhibition in the colony. There was also a good show of flowers in season, though the date was rather too,early to secure a thoroughly representa- tive collection. During the evening an excel- lent programme of musical selections was rendered by well-known amateurs. A Narrow Escape.— On Friday during a windstorm Mr. James Cooper, herdsman of the Bundalong and Peechelba common, had a very narrow escape. In company with a youth named McColl, he was riding over the common at Peechelba, when the wind com- menced to blow very furiously, twisting off the top of a good-sized tree. This in falling struck both horses, the smaller branches for a moment covering the youth. Mr. Cooper just escaped from under one of the heavy limbs by smartly pulling his horse to one side. Federal Boring Operations.— The Mel- bourne Age reports :— 'The Minister of Mines Mr. Foster, has returned to Melbourne from Albury, where he was in consultation with the New South Wales Minister of Mines, Mr. Cook, on the project for putting down a series of bores in the Murray Valley, between Wodonga and Albury, to test for alluvial leads. It was decided that this exploratory work should be done at the joint expense of the two colonies, and the Minister will shortly call for tenders for putting down the requisite bores.' Reduction in Price of Special Area. — The District Surveyor has been informed by the Under Secretary for Lands that the price of special area 13,764, county of Goulburn, parish of Vautier, will be reduced to 40s. per acre by proclamation on the 12th No- vember next ; also, that so much of the pro- clamation as relates to unselected portion 14 of special area 10008, county of Goulburn, parish of Vautier, will be revoked by pro- clamation on the 12th November next, and the land will thereupon become available for ordinary conditional purchase. Victoria Racing Club Spring Meeting. —At least once in each year Melbourne possesses a fascination that attracts visitors from almost every quarter of Australia. The season for the annual exodus is close at hand, and thousands of persons within the next week or two will somehow or other so time their visit as to be present in the metro- polis during race week, which opens with the V.R.C. Derby on 29th inst. Indications point to the present occasion witnessing one of the largest gatherings that has assembled at Flemington for some years past. Mulwala Township : Alteration of Design. — It is notified that — at the expira- tion of three months from the 7th September last— it is intended, under the provisions of section 107 of the Crown Lands Act of 1884, and section 57 of the Crown Land Act of 1895, to alter the design of the town of Mulwala by closing that part of Sturt street lying between Dunmore and Inglis-streets, and by closing the lane through section 18. Lithographs showing the proposed alteration maybe inspected at the Crown Lands Office, Corowa ; the post- office, Mulwala ; and the Department of Lands, Sydney. Roman Catholic Mission at Wodonga. — A mission, which commenced on Sunday last, is being held during this week at St. Augustine's Church, Wodonga, in the pre- sence of large and interested congregations. High Mass was celebrated yesterday (Thurs- day), by Fathers McInerney, Smith (Wan- garatta), and Delany (Wodonga), the cere- mony being of a most beautiful and impressive character. This is the first occasion on which High Mass has been celebrated in Wodonga. The Rev. Father McInerney, of the Jesuit Brothers, Now South Wales, is conducting the mission, which concludes on Sunday evening next. Obituary.— Mr. W. Reid, the son of Mr. R. Reid, of Gundowring, died from measles on Monday, the 17th inst. , under very sad circumstances. He was so seriously ill that the family sent to Yackandandah for the doctor. In the absence of the messenger he rallied, and became so much better that a second messenger was dispatched to meet the doctor and tell him his services were not required. But a change took place, and the poor fellow finally succumbed. Mr. Robert Reid and Mrs. Reid are old residents at Gundowring, they are very highly respected by all, and there is the deepest sympathy expressed for them in their heavy loss. The deceased had been a sufferer from pneumonia, which made him probably more susceptible than he would have been otherwise. A CANDIDATE FOR THE VICTORIAN LEGIS- LATIVE Council. — Mr. J. Hoddinott, of Bonegilla Park, Wodonga, has, at the invita- tion of a large number of electors throughout the province, decided to contest the seat formerly held in the Legislative Council for the Gippsland Province by Mr. C. Sargeant. Mr. Hoddinott is well-known in this district; is a shrewd, practical man, and it is under- stood that his political leanings are in a Liberal direction. He has spent his whole, life in the Gippsland Province. Should he be returned— and his prospects of success; are regarded as very good — he should be an acquisition to the Council, which at the pre- lent time is sadly in need of an infusion of Liberal blood and men of ability and charac- ter. Mr. Hoddinotft expresses his deter- nination to go to the poll against all- comers. The Drought and the Rabbits. — The drought has been a most; important factor during the past few years in the destruction of rabbits throughout the colony. This is the fourth season of drought, and the reports received at the Lands Department show that rabbits are greatly on the decrease. Whilst the owners of runs are taking very few steps to destroy the rabbits, in most parts the severe drought is doing the work for them. This is especially the case in the Bourke dis- trict. At the same time, other reports prove that directly feed begins to appear the rabbits 'increase and multiply.' As an illustration of this Hillston may be quoted. A few months ago the inspector there reported to the department that some of the run owners were expecting to destroy the last rabbit.' The last report, however, is that the 'rabbits are increasing rapidly in the Hillston district. Fatal Accident. — Our Yackandandah; correspondent writes : — "A very shocking accident occurred last Thursday, the 13th inst., resulting in the death of Mr. Henry Goonan, son of Mr. H. Goonan, of the Sham- rock Hotel. The young man was holding two half-broken horses at the shop of Mr. Jeffs, the blacksmith, when one of them became restive, and swinging round got loose, and lashing out at the poor fellow, kicked him in the chest with such force that death occurred very shortly afterwards. Mr. H. Goonan is one of the earliest settlers in this neighborhood. His sad loss has caused a feeling of gloom throughout the district, as both he and his son are well known and respected by all. The funeral, which was very largely attended, took place, on the 15th inst. at Yackandandah, the service being conducted by the Rev. Father Kennedy, of Beechworth." Railway Festivities at Springhurst. — At Springhurst on Sunday morning, a man named James Callinan, employed as a rail way ganger, made up his mind to enjoy himself in a manner not altogether in con- formity with the idea of law-abiding citizens, whose desires do not lead them to break the serenity of the Sabbath. Jim had got a cer- tain quantity on board, and for some un- stated reason could not prevail on Mr. Fine- more, the proprietor of the Albion Hotel, to give him any more liquor. Jim thereupon expressed his intention of smashing things up, and although informed that Constables Humphris and Walls, of Rutherglen, were in the immediate neighborhood, he showed a distinct disregard and contempt for the police by putting his intentions into effect. The progress of his spree was somewhat marred by the timely arrival of the constables named, who took him into custody and brought him to Rutherglen. He was presented before Mr. J. O'Grady, J.P. and was fined £3 or one month's imprisonment, with 10s. costs. Border Railway Rates. — The Chief Railway Commissioner, Mr. Charles Oliver, returned to Sydney on Tuesday, after a short visit to. Melbourne. He went there to dis- cuss with the Railway Commissioners from the other colonies the question of border rates. A little time since a conference of in- tercolonial traffic managers was held in Mel- bourne, with the view of some arrangement being come to for the abolition of preferential railway rates as affecting the border traffic. The outcome of the conference was that cer- tain proposals were made to the Railway Commissioners of the different colonies. It was to consult on a proposed scheme, based upon these proposals, that Mr. Oliver went to Melbourne. The Chief Railway Commis- sioner states, however, that owing to one of the colonies not being represented no deci- sion was come to, and that merely an informal discussion took place on the matter. The whole question, Mr. Oliver states, is a com- plicated one, and he will not venture as yet to indicate what the outcome will be. The Necessity for Communication in Trains. — A report published of a railway accident that occurred last week on the rail- way between Hamilton and Ararat goes to show the necessity for establishing a system of communication between passengers and the engine driver on all trains. From a state- ment given it appears that it was almost impossible for the derailment of a truck to be observed from either end of the train, though the waggon was off the rails for a con- siderable distance. The fact that something was wrong was, however, rendered painfully apparent to the occupiers of the carriage in closer proximity to the errant truck as their attention was arrested by the volumes of dust, mingled with fragments of sleepers and metal, which flew past the window. Fortun- ately one passenger at least had the courage to travel along the foot board to alarm the guard, an enterprise which can only be ac- complished by an inexperienced man at the imminent peril of his own life, and which comparatively few would have the nerve to undertake, no matter how urgent the occa- sion. By the pluck and coolness of this person a very serious calamity was averted . Had there been a way of communicating with the driver, any passenger could have stopped the train without risk. A Narrow Escape. — A Mudgee paper records the following incident ;—' A little daughter of Mr. T. H. Wilkinson, P.M., had a miraculous escape from a fearful death on Saturday morning. The child was driven by her brother to the Superior Public School, where the boy got out to get some books. He tied the horse up, but a sheet of paper blowing past frightened the animal, and it pulled back, the winkers came off, and a bolt ensued with the girl in the sulky. The child clung firmly to the dash-board, the horse careering madly along Denison street. At the intersection of Lewis- street the sulky turned clean over, and the girl was dragged along beneath it for several yards, when the vehicle was pulled over her. Those who witnessed the occurrence expected to pick up the child's mangled corpse, bub strange to say on her being carried into Mrs. Rowe's, she was found to have sustained nothing more than a few scratches, though she was naturally very frightened. The child's escape from a fear- ful death can only be described as miracu- lous.' The Mr. Wilkinson referred to will be remembered as formerly C.P.S. at Albury, He is now police magistrate at Mudgee. Proposed Increase in the Police Force. — For some considerable time the police authorities have recognised the necessity for a large addition to the number of police avail- able for duty, but when the increase came to be provided for on the estimates, respective Treasurers with a keen eye to the main chance — a surplus — on some pretext or other, usually shelved the proposal for increasing the number of our peace guardians. But during the last few months suburban Sydney has been crying aloud for protection against house thieves and burglars, and the number of those unwelcome gentry, in the absence of adequate police supervision over the districts in which they operated, had things pretty well their own way. Something approaching an agitation was set on foot by the residents who objected to having their lives and pro- perty left at the mercy of every depredator who chanced to come their way. Deputa- tions waited upon those in authority, and at last the Government has seen fit to take the requisite action for providing for a large in- crease in the numerical strength of the police. It is not the suburbs and the city alone that have been crying out, but the country, too, in some parts of which a policeman would be looked upon in the light of a curiosity. The required sum has been set down on the esti- mates, and as soon as Parliament sanctions the increased expenditure, the Inspector General will proceed to carry into effect his scheme for an increase in the number of those under his control. Fatalities at Boomahnoomanah. — The danger of treating influenza lightly has again been fatally shown in the death, after a short illness, of Mr. Archie Ferguson, of Overton, Boomahnoomoonah. A fortnight since Mr. Ferguson was attacked by influenza. After the first symptoms had passed the patient, who was 28 years of age, and of an active temperament, got out of bed and began moving about the farm again. A relapse followed, and in three days he was dead. Only a few months ago his father— Mr. William Ferguson, one of the first settlers and a bosom friend of the late Mr. James McLeod — died after a brief illness. The death of Mr. Archibald Ferguson caused a feeling of widespread regret in the district, where the family are highly respected. The funeral on Sunday was well attended and the Rev. J. Culliford, of Yarrawonga, conducted the service at the grave. This was on Sunday, and on the following Tuesday Mrs. Ferguson, the mother of Mr. A. Ferguson, also died at Overton. Mrs. Ferguson was an old lady, and she had nursed her son in his illness with unremitting attention. She caught the infec- tion, and no doubt the death of her son made it harder for her to bear up against the disease. This double calamity in one house- hold has, combined with the universal respect in which the Ferguson family are held, evoked a widespread feeling of sympathy. Mrs. Ferguson was buried on Thursday, and the funeral was one of the largest seen for some years. An Important Municipal Case. — A case of considerable importance to Municipal Councils in railway towns, came before the District Court on Tuesday. Messrs. Young- husband and Co. are occupants for business purposes of certain land within the rail- way enclosure. The land is leased from the Railway Commissioners, and on it are erected large buildings for the storage of wool and produce sent in to Messrs. Younghusband and Co. by their clients. Some years ago the buildings were assessed by the Municipal Council, and rated in the usual way. The firm denied their liability, contend- ing that under the Railway Act the build- ings were exempt. The council on Tues- day sued the company for rates amount- to £42 odd, and a decision was awaited with considerable interest. Mr. White, instructed by Mr. Tietyens, appeared for the council ; Mr. Stephen, instructed by Mr. Belbridge, for the defendant company. For the defence, a decision exempting certain railway refreshment rooms was quoted, but his Honor said that was a different matter. Railway refreshment rooms were for the public convenience. Buildings used for private business purposes stood on a different footing. After hearing lengthy arguments, the judge ruled that the company was liable. It was then urged that in regard to the period in which the first £7 had accrued the company had not bean occupants of the buildings. Mr. White agreed to waive the council's claim to this sum, and a verdict was given for £35. A.M.P. Society.— The Australian Mutual Provident Society intimates in another column that with the close of the present year the society will terminate its first half century of existence. Starting in the year 1849 on the mutual principle, without capital or other recommendation, it is now at the termination of nearly 50 years, the largest monetary institution in the colonies. The invested funds reach the enormous total of £14,479,678, while the annual income amounts to £2,094,706. The cash surplus divided amongst the members during the 49 years ending 1897 aggregate £7,726.170, while the cash bonus distributed for the single year 1897 amounted to £445,235. This sum, we understand, is a larger amount of profit than has ever been divided for a single year by any other life office in the British Empire. The next division of the profits will be made as at 31st December next, when all policies issued prior to that date will share in the bonus to be then distributed amongst the participating policy holders. In order that the new business of the society for this year may be a record one in the history of the institution, the directors of the society invite the assistance of the members to bring about the desired result by taking out additional policies themselves, and by inducing their friends who are not already assured to become members. The Minister of Mines at Corowa. — Our correspondent writes: — 'The Hon. J. Cook, Minister for Mines and Agriculture in New South Wales, and the Hon, Mr. Foster, who holds a similar position in Victoria, were entertained at a complimentary, banquet by the residents of Corowa in the School of Arts. The party were accompanied by Messrs. Sleath and Hayes, M's.L.A., and the Go- vernment Geologists of New South Wales and Victoria, as well as several metropolitan pressmen. This was the first occasion that the two Ministers have met, and their object in conferring was to discuss the probabilities of gold existing in the deep leads of the neighborhood of the Murray in places yet untried, whilst the New South Wales Minister had also in view the necessity of gaining experience in this class of work as yet entirely new to him. The New South Wales party drove from Chiltern to Corowa via Rutherglen and inspected all the principal mines on the way. On Saturday last the Corowa Deep Lead's plant and workings were inspected, and created a favorable im- pression in the minds of the visitors. The land applied for as a lease on Quat Quatta for mining purposes was also visited. At the banquette Minister, in a very outspoken manner, intimated his intention of aiding as far as possible in his power the extension of deep lead mining, and it is understood he is very favorable to the Quat Quatta lease being granted. The mining laws will, however, require amendment, the rental in New South Wales being £1 per acre, as against 2s. 6d. in Victoria. The visitors left Corowa greatly impressed with the soundness of the town and district, its position, and of the great future it has before it.' Mining Near Wodonga. — A mild sensa- tion has been created in Wodonga by the reported find of a rich reef at Fell Timber Creek by a couple of prospectors from Beech- worth. It was currently accepted as truth that these men had discovered an excellent lode, and had "dollied" out nearly 30oz. of gold in a couple of weeks. Color was lent to the report from the fact being ascertained that the men had gone to Beechworth with some gold and returned to Fell Timber Creek with a reinforcement of friends, who pegged out several claims. Beyond talking, however, very little was done in the matter by townspeople, till a few more active spirits decided to visit and prospect the locality, which is some four miles from Wodonga. It was found that, although rumor had exaggerated the importance of the discovery, a small reef of payable stone had been discovered, but it was merely a vein, and showed no indications of permanency. Some nice, stone was on view, but to all appearances the vein disappeared after being followed down in a few feet. It is well known that a number of small reefs of a more or less rich nature abound in the vicinity, but so far nothing to warrant a 'rush' has been discovered, although it is probable that a good lode exists in the hill, the finding of which may yet reward the per- severance of some prospector. Many of these veins were found and worked to a small ex- tent years ago, but nothing in the nature of a proper trial has been given to the place, the work done being merely what is known to diggers as 'gravel-scratching.' Indica- tions of a good alluvial field in the flats to the north-east of the creek are plentiful, and practical men favor the opinion that gold in payable quantities would be obtained by sinking along the banks of the creek, in the neighborhood of Messrs. McFarlane's pro perties, Wodonga West. This hint may be of value to the local prospecting associa- tion. CORRYONG AND UPPER MURRAY..— Mr. Sha- nhsy, dentist, announces the dates of his next visit to Corryong and the Upper Murray, and respect- fully asks the residents of the district to note the dates of his visit, as indicated in his advertise- ment, to the following towns :— Bethanga, Walwa, Tintaldra, Corryong and Tallangatta. 