York Notes- v (Froin a Correspondent An infant child of Mr. Sereagh succumbed to death's visitation last week! The Quellington races drew a considerable number from "York on Wednesday. Tom, , Diok and Harry went from York, and 011 arrival at the coming township found to their surprise that Brown, Jones, and Robinson had preceded them on bikes. Considerable excitement prevailed. The _ various events were well contested. The heat of the weather was very nearly un bearable. Those present seem to haye enjoyed themselves, and Jlie ball at night was specially patronised by St. Patrick himself, iu the morning. : Much curiousity 'seems to -haye -been -felt at the news of the discovery at Wo.cdside of the skelet,oii-of a man supposed to be a pet- son named G_e.orgc Lyons, who some four teen months since was reported missing, nor ever since heard of. An inquest was held at York, and a verdict .to that .effect rer turned." It- seems had the remains been : loft- or not discovered for another season nature would have buried them, as they were nearly covered. ' A programme of the York Easter race meeting is published, fine event goes as high as £40. I might comment further, but etiquette precludes intrusion on the " ads." It is very liberal of the club, howr ever, to leave it open to horses bred outside the district. > A social was held in the Mechanics' Institute on St. Patricks' night, ' and a dance succeeded. I hear that there was a . good attendance. No public sports were held oh that day, and save a few green ribbons fluttering iu the wind no other in_ dications were manifested" of the return of the Seventeenth of Ireland. The old Irish of York must be gone to Klondyke or the Elysian fields. The water bore lias gone, having done, but little good or harm. Fresh water was discovered in a few placed, -but uothing like what might have been under the manipulati.vns ot a better machine, Per haps they have .gone home for a better appliance. Heavy colds are prevalent, called. -by some influenza. 'No matter what it is called, it is no joke. \- A church parade of the York volunteers took place on Sunday of last week. " They attended the Anglican service. I hear that a temperance sermon was preached on the occasion. The gramophone was exhibited in the' Mechanics' Institute on Monday night. "It is :an Open secret that a ponderous case omaiiatiiig from York will come on for hearing in the Supreme Court next. May. It is-cited as " defamation I understand, and the damages are laid at £500. tA . A local parade of the volunteers took place on St. Patrick's night. The town is encircled with smoke, or moving in a " vicious circle," as the school men say. We shall soon hear of a new. disease spreading boufc to be called " bush- fire fever." 