TOPICS OF THE PAY. LKT the journalist defend the doctrines of the party he approves; let him criticise and condemn the party of which he does not approve ; reserving always hie right to applaud hie opponsnte or censure hi* friends, BR the truth mav require-and he will be independent enough for a Free Country.-GARFIELD. MANY of our foremost public speakers-in cluding euch active men in practical politics as Mr. G. H. Reid and Mr. W. P. Crick-owe much of their platfom ability to the circumstance that in their younger days they were members of debating so cieties,-institutions which have had the effect of sharpening their wits and causing them to read up on sundry subjects, which they would probably never have touched otherwise. They there gained confidence and acquired an eloquence which have stood them in good stead ever since. Not one of the least of the many advantages conferred upon young speakers by their as sociation with debating societies is that of imparting to them a feeling of confidence in themselves-for nervousness is one of the banes of the public speaker's life. On this score an extract from a speech de livered some time since by Lord Oufferin, before the students of St. Andrew's Uni versity, is well worth reading, an-i every man who has stood before a big gathering of critical friends, for the purpose of ex pressing his opinion on some given set of subjects will recognise the truth of the situation at once. He said : ^ ^^^^^^^-'^^^^^^^^^^^^^ those whom oecessary^rcumstances or their o wn 1 courage and ambition have induced to persevere in' imposing themselves upon a long-suffering audience. The reason of this is not far to seek. What is required before a roan can think effec tively upon his legs is the perfect concentration ot his attention upon what he bas to say ; but this is' almost impossible to those who are new to the effort. A multitude of thoughts utterly foreign to their speech and its subject are dividing their minds, while sheer physical nervousness imparts a further element of confusion. The fear of failure and its consequences ; the dazzling spectacle of so many hundred attentive faces swimming before their eyes ; the careless gestures and whisperings of the indifferent members of their audiences ; the knowledge that their notes have got hopeless ly mixed, combine to create a situation of cental torture which shakes the limbs, dries the mouth, and twists the tongue inextricably round the teeth. Indeed, so terrible is the ordeal that, as we all know, only a minority are capable of surviving it ; but in the case of those who have courage to per severe, these unpleasant accidents and symptoms will eventually vanish, the train of their thoughts will gradually flow forth clearly and calmly, and the necessary words will suggest themselves with less and less difficulty and effort. There is a great heap of solid truth in the above, and seeing that practice is such an essential in the fitting of men for the plat form generally, the wonder is that in our midst the Debating Society is not a per manent institution. People who think they know quite a heap about the running of a paper-what they really know, together with what they do not know, would fill a very large volume, indeed-very frequently sneer at the seem ingly trivial items which appear in these country newspapers which endeavour to fill the purpose for which they were ostensibly established. They affect to believe that the chronicling of all the little local incidents which happen from day to day in a country town is a task which should not bs taken in hand by the proprietor of the district journal ; and they venture, just as their particular bent directs them, to suggest that political, or scientific, or religious, or other such articles should be substituted. Here they err most consumedly, and prove their absolute ignorance of the subject they undertake to discuss. A local paper should BIS a local paper ; those good folk who want to read the news of the world cannot reasonably expect to find it in a country weekly ; those who wish to peruse scientific papers, will most apsnredly goto a magazine devoted to that purpose for the information they require ; and such as desire to have their spiritual appetite satisfied, will seek I pabulum from the proper source. The j country newspaper should record the doings I and sayings of its people, and when it has done this, in addition to giving expression to an opinion on thoBe outside questions which most agitate the minds of its people, it has surely fulfilled its mission. Well might the average bucolic journalist exclaim,,; when twitted with not having treated upon Russia's Chinese policy, To giant mind we leave these themes So solid, sage, and solemn, Whilst we rush round and try to fill Our little local column. ' A better authority than most of the self constituted critics of the Press-and wei have not a few of these gentry in our raidst is the editor of Mitchell's Newspaper Press] Directory, Mr. Walter Wellsman, County Councillor, F.R. S.L., who writes : A local paper collects the home news of oucjj di fièrent localities, and presents it in a more pr| less concrete form ; gossip, nonsense, the church ; and chapel news, the daily accidents that occur in our roads and streets, the fires, the murders, the assaults, the weddings, memoirs of our de ceased friends and accounts of their funerals; all j these make up, as Shakespeare has it, ' the story : of our lives from year to year ;' and in speaking^ of our lives I refer to ordinary matters that affect us locally and personally only. Let me ask|y>i ' when brought in contact with a local repOfjj^Éjj give him all the help you can. No doubt nuisance-f know all about it for I have beenffö&i; myself-but still be is a necessary nuisaoce¿for bg bis push and energy much is unearthed that^fö useful and necessary. He tries to find outt^^M thing. You may take it from roe that ifeé^eS porters and editors of local pwere ar#%|l%^ hard-worked race. They do, in their «^llmpi good deal of good. " leBpiseaí the paper ^roaùced iff:wMi-wifkyj because it is made up oilu rubbish*,--^tiii J who snorts like a railway engine when the scribe happens to leave out his speech at a church function or inserts his name when i he is before the police court on some charge, j Of course there are newspapers AND news papers-and the above remarks apply only to those which do their duty to their con stituents and themselves. There are others which resolve themselves into mere quack advertisement sheets, and their name, un fortunately, is legion. They snap up any and every offer in the shape of an " ad," no matter how miserably inadequate the price, no matter how suggestive the subject. For such productions the public can only have the most supreme contempt. Their policy is to make both ends meet, no matter the means that have to be adopted for the pur pose of securing this result :- I For bilious headaches, sundry ills, Just try a box of " coloured pills," j But if you haven't got the means Secure a dose of " kidney beans." Suppose your stomach's gastronomic Take large supplies of " You know's Tonic," Try powders, washes, sundry coils, But after that use difierent oils. And this is how the paper brews It's weekly dose of country news. Some wise folk may sneer at the country press, but their lofty contempt avails them nothing rand it would be a bad lookout for any district were it deprived of the good services of a live journal, which voices their needs and advocates the advancement of the locality in which they live. It is not often that the «' S.M. Herald" ventures to openly expose its approval of Socialism as a means towards achieving success in matters of State, but recently, in an article devoted to a discussion of this great and growing question, the Sydney organ of commercialism made this some what startling admission :-. When a man wishes to have the collective power of the people used for the benefit of the in dividual units, he is a State Socialist. The Stale ownership of railways, telegraphs, post-offices, docks, wharves-these are all examples of State Socialism. In the same way the municipal owner ship of tramways, gas-works electric works, picture galleries, parks, pleasure grounds, and the rest, are instances of Municipal Socialism. In all these, the policy has been justified by results There arc son-.e calls, therefore, for carrying the policy further. Those in the country who urge that the functions of the State should be so extend ed as to enable it to engage in production and distribution in all their branches, mus i [ bail with the utmost satisfaction such an utterance as the above, the more particu lacly as it emanates from a source which bag always been regarded as absolutely p*oof against the bacillus of Socialism. As a^m^tter of fact, no one can watch the daily progress of events in this colony without being struck' foy the marvellous strides which State «'interference" is making in our midst. We have, as the " Herald" puts it, Biete railways, postal services, schools, dooks, &c-and; every day fresh inroads ÍÉ5$*íng made in directions which must ultimately do incalculable good to the com munity. We have State farms, whereon budding agriculturists are taught the art of oiljifieful tillage ; we have cattle purchased at the public expense, and imported from ibis older lands, so that the people may derivé advantage from their introduction, In the shape of new and better breeds than they possess at the present time. State chlorination works are established for the ^special benefit of the mining community, and at an early date, it is to be hoped that Ibe Government i?f this colony will possess I State coal-mine, from which the huge i^ply pf fuel needed from year to year in Sr different departments may be secured, operations of the state are daily being need, and every advance in the direction ^|k>ated must eventually prove of efficacy mj&ß producing and consuming classes. Si^^8^gt<^^-' - -^-^ A áéárlittle a^mBel is Dorothy Drew Assweet as an aogel, «ted oyen as fair,; And her eyes twinkle brightly-they're lucent and blue, And silken and soil is her long flowing hair. She is chic, she is charming, she chatters a ll day ; She looks at you smiling, and pierces you through ; But whether at mischief, or whether at play, Miss Dorothy wears not a boot or a shoe. The Chiropodist's trade, like Othello's, would cease If all our sweet lasses would follow ber lead, And from bunions and corns secure happy release, And from all sorts of torture be pleasantly freed. And feet would retain their most natural shape, Instead of assuming proportions they do ; Her excellent custom let each lassie ape, And never wear boots,-like Dorothy Drew. It's a difficult task at the best to induce A foot that is seven to fit in a shoe That is six in its size at the most-it's the deuce Of a job for the ladies-but somehow they do. And they limp and they stagger, and make them selves ill, Whilst their waists near to nothing they oftentimes screw ; And they'll never have ease, or get comfort until They follow the footsteps of Dorothy Drew 1 In last week's issue of the Sydney " Bulletin" appeared the following letter from a correspondent : " Tay" : A Hawkesburyite bas been boasting loose in Sydney D.T. on the proud position his electorate occupies in that by its votes of 3 to 1 against the Bill it has put its hob nailed boots on j Federation more effectually than any other N.S.W. electorate. Deniliquin voted 16 to 1 FOB, and the writer knows both these electorates well. Whether it is that the old convict leaven is stronger there than elsewhere, or for some other occult reason, the inhabitants of " Thc Oxberry" are a people apart, and like no other to be found in Australasia. Taking them by and large, they are selfish and narrow minded ; the stranger, unteps well heeled and promising good pickings, is looked on as an interloper. Their standard diet is corned beef, pumpkin, and prayer, and their intellectual de velopment is just ss luxurious. The Deniliquin people are the very opposite of this ; none moro generous in thought or action are to be found on tbiB imperfect sphere. Let a stranger visit Denili quin and he will receive a rememberGome lesson in open-handed hospitality. By their contiguity to Victoria they are fully in a position to judge of the alleged nefarious designe of that province. If ever a libel was written regarding a dis trict and a people, it ia contained in the above impudent and mendatious contribu tion ; and it is not going too far to say that the creature who penned it is woll worlhy of an early application of tar and feathers. It is true that the residents of the Hawkesbury District have in all times and eeasone been loyal to principle; it is probably a fact that they live on plain fare ; but i(¡ is also well-known that they are in dustrious and honest, and that there is always in thir houses sufficient room round the family table for any stranger who comes their way. It is all very well far an anonymous humbug of the " Tay'* type to venture an offensive criticism because the Hawkesburyites jumped with both feat on a Federal Bill whose iniquities he and the paper to whose columns he rashes endea voured to picture as. being as perfect as human agency oonld make it ; bat some thing more is needed than blackguardly abuse to prove that they were wrong in' pursuing the course they did. Oar people are not selfish, neither are they narrow« minded-at the same time they are not sufficiently generous of heart and pocket to willingly meet the obligations of the citi zens of other colonies, in addison to liquid ating their own. Of course Deniliquin voted aB one man for the Bill-why should not this be so ? They had all to gain and nothing to lose hy a union effected on Bartonian lines. In like manner, the Haw kesbury, which had all to lose and little to gain, voted three-to-one in opposition. Thus, honors are even. Anyhow, it iÜ behoves an anonymous scribbler to let fafi wrath loose in the fashion adopted try ! "Tay," who, judging by the tenor of his remarks and th«» absolutely untrue nature of his contentions* must really be a lineal descendent of that Annanias whose pre- < dileot^ ^^^^^»^^^^^^^^^^?: tive constituency-and not since it has been in the position of being abie to eend to Parliament a representative have its . people departed from the broad path which leads to free and unrestricted intercourse with all the marts of the world. The Haw kesbury has never been represented by an advocate of restriction-and this circum stance, taken in conjunction with its antag onism to the Federal Bill, has no doubt made "Tay" and the " Bulletin" quite mad. Hence the billions attack of last week. Only those who have " faced the mnsio" know the terrors of the bush. It is a weird and awful experience to live alone amid the silence of the everlasting gams, seeing« perchance, no face except the reflection of your own in the leaf-fleokt water-hole, heat ing no sounds of haman joy or woe. Marcos Clarke has voiced the sad spirit that broods in the, dark ranges and wails through the foliage of the wind-swept casuarina ; and he has described in quaint langnage of apt and subtle appreciation the terrors of silence and of solitude in what the old officials were wont to term the *' districts beyond the bounds of location." The terrors of the bush are not always those of solitude and silence. Floods will sometimes o'er-bank the mountain runnels and inundate the levels and cultivation bottoms-which so frequently happens in the historic Valley pi the Hawkesbury, when the voice of the raging waters drowns in a hoarse fury that ceaseless hum of inhuman solitude men have learnt to call silence. Flood, terrible enough though it may be, is not so terrible as fire. When the consuming demon bursts his bounds and devastates all before him, the stoute.4 hearts quail. A forest on fire is one of the sublimest sights on earth. Thp.re is a horrible grandeur in the Titan march of the destroyer. Horses dash in their splendid speed and strength before a swifter foe, which overtakes them and hurls them prostrate in his path. The bellowing cattle and bleating sheep' are victims of the glowing vortex, and huge forest monarch which have withstood a century of storms craeh and crumble away. There is a roar as of musketry all around, a dense suffo cating smoke, and the clangour of it all combines in one infcrai and articulate in articulateness to make of a bush-fire a pandemonium panorama of Miltonic gran deur, of more than Danteao sublimity. 