NEWS OF THE DAY. The Victorian press teems with startling records of hear and bushfires. Wright, of Ballarat, has been selected to play for Victoria against Tasmania. There are no fewer than 18 divorce suits, which Mr Justioe A'Beckett will have to deal with next month. Westralia imported last yeah nearly 250,000 trees and plants, including 111,900 vine cuttings. The death is announced of Mr Henry Stacy Marks, R.A., the eminent painter, ia his 69th year. To-morrow the third teßt cricket matoh. Commences in Adelaide. The Westralian Government is Baid to have stopped the poblication of returns of money order remittances. It is estimated that the Paris Exhibition of 1900 will involve an outlay of £4,000,000. _ During the past year the quantity of timb-r imported to Broken Hill was 17,846,900 feet, against 12,626,215 feet for the prev.ons year. . Her Majesty the Queen has sent the' Sooth Australian Premier a portraib of her self as a souvenir of the Diamond Jubilee. The first fruit oanning factory erected in Australia has been opened at Mr S. Blacker Douglass’ orchard, Toolamba. So far as the records go to show the tem perature of Tuesday was the highest that has been experienced in Geelong. Railways in Holland are so carefully maoaged that the accidental deaths on them average only one a year for the entire country. The inhabitants of the Pinnacles, near Broken Hill, are suffering from a water famine, and are now carting water from Broken Hill, paying 6a per 100 gallons, de livered there. Bush fires are still buraiog in all direc tions in Tasmania, A report is to hand inti mating that another bush fire has broken ont at Mount Wellington, in the vicinity of St. Crispin’s Well. It is stated to be Mr W. R. Wilson’s intention to add materially to his already complete and extensive training establish ment at St, Albans. Mr Reid, the Premier of New South Wales; Mr E, Barton, M.L.C.; and Mr R. E. O'Connor, M.L.C., will probably leave Sydney on Friday for Melbourne to attend the Federal Convention. H.M.S. Mohawk, whioh has arrived at Sydney, reports having encountered a ter rific gale when off the Queensland coast, which knocked her about to an alarming extent. The Hew South Waleß Telegraph Depart ment haß accepted tenders for the supply of bioyoles to be used by telegraph messengers for delivery of messages. A well-known Dayiesford coach and cab driver, “ Billy” Jones, has died from Eng lish cholera and heat apoplexy, after 35 years’ service with Cobb and Cos. The N.S. W. Minister of Mines, Mr Sydney Smith, when driving near Bathurst, was thrown from his buggy, and reaeived a severe shaking. Owing to his enfeebled Btateof health, the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, of Geelong, has been entirely relieved from bis clerical duties by the Archbishop nf Melbourne. Tenders for th« New South Wales Z per cent, loan of £1,500,000, ’he minimum price of which waß fixed at £99, were opened on Tuesday, The loan was fully covered, at an average premium of £1 15t. In spite of the olosest espionage, the diamond mining companies of South Africa lose, it is Baid, £200,000 a year by theft. Some splendid trout are being caught in the Ovens River and tributaries. Oa Sun day a brown trout weighing 121 b was aaught, and on Monday two were hooked weighing 51b, and one weighing 41b, The lifeless body of a butcher, named Cbas. Dyer, has been found at Glenelg, S.A., death being due either to heat apoplexy or to injuries received in diving into shallow water. It is estimated that in Russia the yearly loss in dome9tia animals through wolves is over £2,000,000, and the lose of game from the same cause over £7.000.000, Grasshoppers took possession of the rail way line on the Kilmore side of Bylands od Monday night; and compelled the driver of the night train to divide bis load. About half an hoar's delay was the result. The Westminster Gazette publishes a rumor to the effect that it is Mr H. D. Traill to whom the Prince of Wales has committed the delicate task of writing his life. A clook in St. Petersburg bas 95 faceß, in dicating the time of 30 different spots on the earth’s snrfaoe, besides the movements of the earth and plane's. Death haß just removed one of the oldest Irishmen of the present day In the person of Lawrence M’Oarthy, who has passed away In the Nenagh (County Tipperary) Work house Hospital in the one hundred and fifteenth year of bis age. 2he grasshopper plague has spread throughout the Western distriot. Reports from all parts state that they have attaaked the potato crops, whioh are almost ruined,, and have also destroyed fruit and trees in many orchards, causing damage whioh will take years to recover. Bush fires appear to be raging with un abated fury in the Otway Forest, One settler on Saturday declared that snoh fires had not been experienced for many years, hundreds of the selections being completely swept by tbe flames. Divers have examined the hull of tbe wrecked Bteamer Fiizroy, lying near Morna Point, Queensland, report that the vessel iB fast going to pieces. All hopes of saving it have, therefore, been abandoned, though ifr is believed that a considerable portion of the cargo will be recovered, The steamer Yeabel, from the South Seas, reports that the crew of the French cutter trading at Aoha were attacked by natives early in December, One “ boy" was killed and two others were wounded. Tbe affray was reported to the British and French authorities, who will deal with the mur derers. Tribal wars are taking plaoe in Taona between the mountain and coastal natives. Several Tasmanian jam manufacturers who had made heavy advanoes against tbiu season’s frnit crop bave been compelled to write them off as dead loss, through tbe bush fires. Soft fruits of all kinds bas risen considerably in value; wbiin the apple crop, through the fires and drought, will depre date to the extent of thousands of pounds. Feeding stuffs of all descriptions are ad vancing in value, and are likely to oontinue to do so. It ia now pretty generally understood, though no definite conclusion has yet been come to, that the proposal to send an Aus tralasian athletic team to England next month will not be carried out. Endeavors to raise funds bave been siDgnlarly unfortu nate, and now it is learned that of the full number originally chosen only Rowley, of New Sonth Waleß, and Holder, of New Zea land, are left on the list of those willing to g°- Some of the public sohool examiners are telling funny stories about the answers of Boholare in recent examinations. Here are a few:—“ Give a list of Victorian Premiers during the past lOyears.” Answer—“ Peter Lalor, Peter Burns, Tracker Forbes, Mr Gillies, Harry Trott, and Sir George Turner. Peter Burns heid it for fire sucoesful years, when it was wrested from him by Bryan O’Loghlen, who plays for Port Fairy.” "Give a list of Royal residences.” Answer —“ The Royal hotel, Royal Avenue, Theatre Royal, and Rnyal Park.” “ What are the principal races which constitute the British Empire ?” Answer— •* ThpFlemington raoes, Caulfield races. Moonee Valley raoes, aod Sandown Park.” "Give a list of Viotorian Speakers." Answer —“ Mr Prendergast, Mr Hancock, Dr Maloney, Archbishop Oarr, Bishop Goe, and Mr Gauneon.” The steamer Ranelagb has dragged her anchors at Bundaberg, Queensland, and gone aßhore. She is on the rocks, aod her position is serious if the weather does not moderate. Tbe agents for the steamship, on being interviewed, stated that they had been informed by wire that a large bole had been made in her hull. The engine room is now flooded, but all the bulkheads are holding tight. The vessel has now been anchored in a good position. The oargo ia ’has far not affected, Tbe passengers bsva. all been, landed. 