NEWS OF THE DAY. Intense heat accompanies the English Eleven wherever they go. Most of Stoddart’s Eleven are said to be playing languidly at Sydney. A military cricket match, Melbourne v Ballarat, will be played in Ballarat to morrow. Nearly £8000 passed through the totalis- ators at the Adelaide races on Saturday. Melbourne’s vital statistics record eight deaths from heat apoplexy last month. At the Richmond Revision Court 1600 names were struck off the Parliamentary rolls. Last month’s gold output of Victoria, Queensland and W.A. shows an increase of 50,216 oz. Johannesburg’s December yield, 310,712 oz, again broke the record. Messrs Yeo, Taverner, and Co., Limited, auctioneers, of Kerang, have temporarily suspended business. Westralia imported in 1896 carriages, &c.;, worth £34,205, and bicycles to the value of £64,414. There has been a heavy rainfall in many parts of Queensland. Heavy palls of smoke from Victorian bushfires are now hanging over N.S.W. There were 121 deaths from typhoid in the metropolitan area last year. In 1890 they numbered 403. No fewer than 74 persons, whose deaths were recorded in Melbourne last month, had attained or passed the age of 75 years. Already this year £13,191,746 has passed through the Melbourne Clearing House as against £12,435,911 for the same period last year. Bonuses for the destruction of 34 foxes were claimed at the last meeting of the Waranga council. All stock routes in Queensland are in splendid condition for both feed and water, grass having grown splendidly since the last rain. A shark, 14 feet 3 inches long, was cap- tured at Portland on Friday evening. It was shot with a rifle. Mrs John Weir, a colonist of 45 years, and who has resided for the greater part of her colonial life in the Wimmera, died at Horsham last week, in her seventy- seventh year. An unknown donor has presented a sum of £25,000 to the London Hospital, to be ex pended on the out-patients’ department. Mtb Margaret MTunes, of Miram Piram, was prostrated by the late severe heat, and died, aged 75 years. The Westralian Government, says Sir John Forrest, intends to send a river of water 350 miles into the interior, conveying to the miners there 5,000,000 gallons per dßy. Zimmerman’s of 103 first-class prizes in one season has been broken by an American rider named Peabody with 104. Owing to aomplaints of the delay of the arbitration courts in hearing trade disputes, the N.Z. Premier promises to consider the question of appointing another judge. In New Zealand rain and gales have ruined the Southland crops of ryegrass seed, while the recent frost has played havoo with the Waikato maize and .potato crops. It is said to be" scaroely possible to over draw the picture of desolation in the Allam bee district, Gippsland, where there is nothing left of any value to be destroyed. At present the quantity of wheat loaded on Victorian stations ehnwß an increase for the week of 52.920 bags, being also 4110 bags more than at the same date in 1897- The death is announced of Mr James Damyon, at his residence, Toorak, in his 86th year. Mr Damyon was for many years consul in Melbourne for Russia. The banking authorities have been warned of spnrions sovereigns that are in oiroula tion, and which so olnsely resemble the genuine article that only by weighing .the sovereigns can the fraud be detected. The residents of Mathoura, between Den- iliquin and Moama, are now suffering a water famine, the Gulpa Creek, their only supply, having practically dried up. There are over 220 residents in the township, and 90 children attending school, and the suffer- ing is very great. As though the drought were not enough, a pest known as the “ red spider” has, within the last few weeks, been adding its affliction to the hop fields of Gippsland, and helping to make a partial failure of the present season’s crop. At a meeting of the Winchelsea shire council, held on Friday, it was decided that the secretary, Mr Victor Elkington, should be dismissed on account of alleged grave irregularities discovered in the fox destruc- tion account, regarding which he declined to make any explanation. A Japanese publisher has commenced the issue of a periodical with articles in eight different languages English, German, French, Italian, Russian, Spanish, Chinese, and Corean. News from Honolulu by the Miowera states that heavy gales have been experienced there. The American barque Klikitat lost two of her crew in consequence, and the barquentine Arago, from Westport, arrived dismasted. The steamer Kahulin is reported lost, and 18 of her passengers and crew have perished. Very good prices were realised for several properties in the estate of the late Peter McArthur, which were submitted at anotion on Saturday. Three township blocks, with houses, realised £570, £400, and £200 re- spectively, and a paddock of 41½ acres, two miles from the town, brought £22 per acre. A fearful accident has happened at Abbots- ford. A young unmarried woman named Emily Wigham was in the kitchen of her residence, 17 William street, and whilst melting some beeswax in a saucepan of turpentine the latter caught fire. Before the unfortunate girl had time to jump back the inflammable liquid had sprinkled her dress freely, and in a moment she was in flames and fatally burnt. A remarkable case of loss of memory was brought under the notice of the police at Newcastle, N.S.W. A man about 36 years of age, perfectly sober and well attired, was found wandering aimlessly about Hunter street. When asked to give particulars of himself he could only make the reply, “I don’t know ; I don’t remember.” There was nothing on his clothing by which he could be identified, and the medical men say the case is apparently one of genuine loss of memory. The indictment of three prominent members of the Board of Aldermen in Chicago by the Grand Jury for conducting gambling houses indicates the quality of the municipal legislature, in that city (writes is New York correspondent). No other American mnniolpality has been cursed by a Legislative Assembly be degraded and corrupt as that which has controlled public affairs there for some years past. The marriage of Prince Victor Dhuleep Singh to Lady Anne Coventry, the youngest daughter of the Earl and Countess Coventry, and the sitter of Lord Deerhurst, has caused some sensation in London, as it is the first case of an alliance between a member of the British aristocracy and an Asiatic family. Lord and Lady Coventry did not, so it is reported, favor the engagement, although the prince is in every respect, except birth and race, an Englishman. His grandfather, Ranjeet Singh, the lion of the Punjaub, was one of the greatest warriors that India pro- duced during the present century. 