OUR IUSWELIBROOK EETKR. [PEOM OOtt EEPBBSENTA.TIVU.] THE GIPPSLAND BUSHFIEES.— PUBLIC MEEHNG. Pursuant to announcement, the pubho meeting of the residents of the town and district, convened by the Mayor in accordance with the resolution of the Municipal Council, took place in the School of Arts last night, 'when the attendance, though not large, was thoroughly representative, and, as tho report mil enow, rue inauguration ot tne movement for BBEieting in the alleviation of the distress and losses of thu Gippsiand sufferers, waa in every sense successful. In opening the proceedings, Mr. Brecht aaid he had received letters of explanation for nonatten dance from Mr. J. O. White, who, on behalf of him self aud Mrs. White, forwarded a cheque fur .£10, and expressed his thorough sympathy with the movement j from the Veil. Archdeacon White (at present in Armidilo), heartily approvina of the ob ject, and forwarding a cheque for .£3 3s ; from Mr. ThoB. Cook, expreasing himself similarly, with a cheque for £5 j and from ' A Son of Erin,' also a sympathiser, and forwarding a sub scription of jei. Mr. E. G. D. PitzGerald wrote stating the movement had his sympathy and promising support, aB did also Mr. G. Blunt. He (the Mayor) did not intend to make lengthy remarks, but might state briefly that the move ment they were about to formally inaugurate, for the b-nofit of the sufferers by the recent firea in Gippslaud, had been initiated by the Municipal Council, and wbb he considered a step in the right direction. He was not aware that action of a similar nature had ' yet been taken in any other part of New South Wales, bub Muswellbrook had aa much right to lead as to follow. The residents hnd in the post always liberally assisted persons aflliated by misfortune beyond thoir shores, and he considered their brethren in a neigh bouring colony had greater claims upon their their support. (Applause), It would not be necessary for him to deBcribo the heart rending sufferings of the Gippslands settlers who had lost everything by the destructive bush urea, as thoBO present had no doubt read ac counts of the dreadful calamity in the papera. Ho would, however, read a description taken from the Melbourne Argus of tho exporiencee of the Mayor of Melbourne and Mr. McWade,* tho Chairman of the Stock Exchange, who bad personally visited the fire-ravaged pardons .of Qipptland, and who after traversing two hundred miles of the burnt country, stated that the deplorable effects of the disaster were truly terrible, and had been under eaimated in the publisbod accountB. That was sufficient proof of 'the oxtent of the distress caused by the- fires, and a convincing reason that it was the duty of all in a position to do so .to assist the sufferers. He desired to aay that it was the wish of the promoters of tho movement to see the sub scriptions general, and while thoBO in a position to ao act might contribute generously,, shilling sub scriptions would gladly be received, and if each one gave a litfclo, although they represented a small portion, of tho colony, a respectable sum would be raised. He had much pleasure in calling upon Mr. Olendenning to move tho first resolution. Mr. Clendenning said he regretted the attendance was not larger, and would preface his remarks by saying that ho thought he 'had retired into the serene atmosphere of private life, bnt it appaared he waa not to bo allowed to enjoy that tranquility, . nnd by being brought forward to move the roBolu tion showed he was a great ainner, and that there was no rost for the wioked. Ho should, how ever, have liked to see someone with a good fab banking account moving the resolution, though at the same time he would endeavour to perform tho taek given him to tho best of hiB ability. At tho outset he wiahed bo congratulate the Mayor upon tho fact that his first puMio action on bis election wt-s in the snored causa of charity, and therefore a happy augury of tho good tbab would result from his occupancy of tho Mayoral chair. Tho rosidenta of the Upper Hunter were enjoying a aplendld season, and bad had n harvest the like of whioh waa nevpr.proviously'Been. .Tho bounteous Tainsthab had -recently; been sonb by Providenoo were a guarantee of a year of plenty, and thoy were ao nordingly truly. dwelling in a land flowing with milk and honey. These faotB should make all . persona so specially favoured bo thankful for their lot, and' have a kindly fueling for thoir less fortunate brethren. The resolution he had to propoao waa — That in the opinion of this mooting it is most desir able that prompt stops should bo taken to assist in relieving the loss and distress of tho residents of Victoria, who have recently Buffered through the disastrous flros that ragod in the Gippsiand dis tricts. He approved of tho terma of the resolution, as tho sufforora in Gippsiand wero thoir own kith and kin, divided by an imaginary line. Their rep resentatives at the Fodoral Convention woro endeavouring to make them ono politically, and whioh they wero already in race and sympathy. Ho had stood in that boll on many occasions whenMus wollbrook had oomo nobly to the front in tho causo of charity. They knew how tho virtue of charity was eulogised in the Saored Writings, and ao greatly waa it prized that wero they not told it covered a multitude of sins. Ho was sure the residents would again all cheerfully give to the movement they wero then inaugurating. Ho remembered that on ono occasion in tho past whon ho was one of tlio collectors for tho Irish Famine Relief Fund that a gentleman who wns not present that night (Mr. Andrew Bowman) gener ously gave him a ohequo for JJ2B for tho pooplo who were Buffering in tho old land. Ho was euro that on that occasion thoro would bo equally gonoroua givers, and thoeo who had Jittle would iiIbo con tribute, remembering tho eflionoy of tho widow's mite. Ho trusted ns ho previously said that Aus tralian would Boon bo of ono nation na they' woro ono in feeling j nnd whon that wi8hed for day arifived ho waa sure that thoy would always bo found (in the worda of Sir Walter Soott) ' With their feet to tho- field and thoir faco to tho foe,' and hoped that tho movement they wero then starting at Muawellbrook would extend to pthor centres of population, irjcroaso in strength »3 ib wont, along, and at last attain such pro portions that iiko a gigantio avalanobo ib would swoop evaryining uoioru ii-, xiu uguiu rugiuuiuu that a matt with a bigger banking account, tnoro eloquence, hnd porhapa a bigger hoarb had not been ohoaon to move the rimdution whioh ho had tho ploasnro of submitting for tho acceptance of th ob o assembled. (Applauec) Mr. R. T. Keys bogtfud to aooond tho renolution, as the proposal contained therein waa worthy of their warmest support, Thoir fellow-colonists in Glppaland bad Buffered severely from tho unchoolrod firos whioh had aw.opb difitriob aftor diatriot. Mus wollbrook in the paat hnd frequently contributed bo fundB raised for tho baneflb of persons who hnd suffered from flood a, but ho thought hnd never givon aid to Hiifforors by firo, although Iobuob from tho latter nvll woro fifty times na groat na those from tin formor, tho oauso of which — a heavy rainfall— frequently did good by fertilising great (?rnnf.n of nniintrv. nnrl in that wav oomnnneatod to some oxtonb for thn loss it caused in places. Floods alao only affected tho low-lying luncls, irhilo fires ewepfc ovorykhing from tho plainB to thu tops of tbo highest hills. Tho only thing thaV resident of Muawollbrook had seen of tho Gippsiand firon was tho amoko, but thny knew tho oxtont of thoravagoaof tho firnn from tho newspaper accounts. Ib was a gnnoroun nnd a proper thing to atiaist in alleviating tho dis tress doaoribod, nnd ho considered tho oxhibibion of suoh sympathetic feeling for thoir brethren in a neighbouring oolony did raoro to oomonb tho bonds of federation tlran nil tho conventions that could bo hold. He would nob detain tbn mooting longer, but hnd ploaauro in seconding tlio resolution and heartily mipporbing tho moromont. Tho Rov. J. S. Laing supported tho resolution, na ho considered ib ndviaabln that all tho residents nhould bo or ono mind on auoh an occasion, though bhoy might not tako oxnobly tho aarao view of tho matter undor consideration. Ho wna Biirpriaod that ao llttlo had boon aaid in tho dally papers of tho mtflorioB that had ovortnkon tho unfortuuato persons id GlppRland. Ho had only Boon ono abort lottor in tho Sydney Morning Herald, ndvooating that annistanco aliould bo aunt from Now South Walos, nnd that hn considered envious. Ho supposed tho pcopio of Vlotorla would apnreoiato tlielr notion, nnd aooopb thoir anaiatnnao, although thoy had nob aakod for ib, aud had themuolvos already raised XOOOO for tho relief of their distrosaad pnople. Ib wns, howovor, porlmpa bottor that fclio notion of Muswollbrook should havoboon voluntary and spontaneous, and as his frlond Mr. Otundunning had used a alm'llo about an nvnlanaho (though lie thought ho was llkohtm.gelE--h.nd. novor aeon one), he would adopt another, and say that ho hoped the movement would go throughout the colonly like .a bush firo. Ho approved of the suggestion of the Mayor, and considered that if each conbribubed a littlo a very respectable autn would be raised. Mr. Hoalj also supported the roaolution, de scribed the hardships of pioneer life in Gippslaud, and considered that people should always respond to the call of duty without waiting bo sao how others would act. The people of Gippsiand had made no formal appeal for aid, but the Buffering they under went wan the most poworful appeal that could be made to generous instincts, and aa Nature, assisted by the fertilising rains now being experienced in GippBtand, would booh wipe away by another growth all traces of destruction, so in like manner would tho exhibition of generous sympathy that was about to be shown that night have the effect of helping to heal tho bruised hearts of tho sufferers, because in the hour of distress nothing was so encouraging to tho afflicted aa kindness. Mi. Clendenning, in roply, objected bo the tono of Mr. Laing's remarks inrcferonuo to himself j wiahod to inform tho reverend gentleman that ho had soon hundreds of avnlanoheo, and pointed out tbufc at tbo great Bulli diaaBbor Victoria had excelled all other places in bhe aasiabance given. Tho resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. Edward Bowman then moved — That a com mittee coaeiatingof the Mayors and Aldermen, Arch ideacon White, the Bev. J. L. Laing, Messrs. J. 0. White, R. T. Keya, W. DaviBon, W. Olondenning, J. W. Humphries, J. Daniels, R. Noble, Alex. Weld man, 1\ Blunt, and Ab. Weidman, with powor to add to their number, bo appointed a oorainittee to carry out the foregoing resolution, and tha'j sub soription lists be opened and distributed throughout the towti and districts. Ho (Mr. Bowman) was very glad to see that they were taking steps bo aasiab their fellow-coloniata in Gipplanid. Ho congratulated the Mayor upon tho action he had taken in the matter and considered if Mus wollbrook stood alone in bhe movemonb ib would bo doing its duty. Ho hoped that aa tho ball bad boon set rolling it would inoreaae in atrength, until it attained the-' power of either an avalanche or a bush fire (applause.) Seconded by Mr. J. Daniels and oarried unani mously. ? ? : Mr. Alex Weidman proposed that tho Mayor be Treasurer of the movement. Seconded by Mr. Sutherland and carried. Mr. A. R. Lang proposed that Mr. Healy bo appointed Hon. Secretary, seconded by Mr. 1\ Blunt and carried. A sub Boription wbb then opened, and bhe Mavorannounoed amidBb ohoers, that tlio amounts promised in tho room with tho sums previously mentioned totalled within a fow Bindings of .040. Mr. Keys proposed a vote of thanks bo tlio chair man in most eulogistic terms, seconded by Mr. Clondonning, and oarried by acolamation. The Mayor briefly aokno-wlodged tho compliments paid him and bhe proceedings terminated. The movement has had such a promising begin ning hero, it ia thought that £100 will bo ruisoa in the town and disbriob wlthonb difficulty. Sonooii of Aiwa Committbh Mhbtincj. — A meet ing of tho Sohool of .Arts Committee waa hold in the institution last night, when Mr. Edward Bow man was in tbo ohair, and thoro wero alao present — the Rev. J. S, Laing, Messrs. Humphries, McNeill, A. J. L, Flashmat), H. J. Clark, and the Hon. Secrotary (Mr.O. 0. Paul). Mr. W. Lipsoomb was oleoted a member of committoa in plaoo of Mr. J. Hazel wood. Mr. J. E. Moldtyro, who rfionntly resigned, was re-eloclod a committofiman. Various Bub'Oommittoes woro elected, and other matt'ors in relation to tho management of the institution during tho ourront year also dealt with. Tun Dkniian Bridqe. — Information roaohod Muswollbrook last evouing to bho e&acb; that ono of tho piora of tho Donman Bridgo had boon washed away, that there is a eroat dip in tho etruoburo, and that trafflo' on tho road will havo to bo stoppod until noooBsary ' repairs nro effooted. Mr. R. E. Jones, tho Uesidont Enginoor, visited thn bridgo yesterday, and is taking-tbo nucosaary stops to Havo it pub right ns soon aa possible. TiiB Season's Wheat Yields.— Sonior-Sorgoant FcrroBt haa kindly plaoed ab my disposal tbo follow ing statistical information with rogard to the area of land hold in tho police district of Muawollbrook, and alao the extent of tho whoat yields for tho pro sont soason. Tho roturns whioh aro apponded do nob inclado tho Donman portion of tho distriot, official information of which if not yob to hand : — County of Durham i Freohcld 80,0H aoros, lims» hold d,G47 aorus, Crown lands 6,107 onrea, oultlvn tlon 1,357 acres, undor wheat for. grain 41 ill aorcs, yield of wheat 0,287 bushels. County of Brisbane i Fraohold 00,277 noroo, leasehold 7,321 asros, Crown lands 0,311 oores, cultivation 2/15!) noroB, undur wheat for grain 1,179 acroa, yield of wheat 23,522 bushels. Tho area of land ? under .wheat is luutih groator than fchat of any previous yoar, ond tho police aro to bo complimontod on bho faob, that tbo estimate of tho probabto wheat yield in Ocbobor last was romarkably oloso bo bho quantities hero givon. 