' ='--" "" VICTORIA. MELBOURNI, November 27. A shocking tragedy occurred at Footscray on Friday night. A young married woman named Ellen MeNab .poisoned her five months old child owing to differences with her mother. She was living apart from her husband, to whom she had not been married long. 'Freqlent quarrelsledtto their separation, Mrs McNab taking the child and going back to live with her parents. Her mother did not like the arrangement, and shortly aftetr the womain committed the deed. She said she had given the child a teaspoonful of spirits of salts. The child lingered till 5 o'clock on Saturday morning when it died. The woman was arrested for murder and remanded to the inquest, which is to be held to-morrow. \- The police are endeeavoring to elucidate the mystery surroutndig the human arm found in the Yarra ohn riday. Dr Rus sell is of opinion that the limb belonged to a middle-aged w omal, and Was admpu tated eix weeks ago b,' a novice, at the cuts are irregular sRdaggeod Thereis no evidence of dice to warratit amputation, aud.eve~ ilig points to a horriile trurder, the b? dy being disposed of Pldietmeal,. of 1 rA a t os , i N ovem ber 28. Mabel Chauimber, a .ervant, living at Middle 13riglhtrºS, was'.:burned to .death to-day thrmgh he? cil? es igi itiug while lighting,.a fir with .kepeioe. A warrant h.s -been issued for the arrest of Jno Beckett :eceiitly a collector for the Metropojitait"Gas Company, on a cibiorge of' bez mpg- about . 100. that his b :dy would be.f ,und in the Y?Hlrra. At an inrquest on the body of a child name.l Ellen McNab, who died from th resultit of poisoning, it was pdmitted that th.- poison was administered b. the child's mother. The irtquest was opened and adjourned. A woman, named Lucy Saxe was charged to-day with infliating grievon bodily harm on her dnugghter by throw ing a carving knife, which cut ileThligh of the girl. It is alleged that the in juries were accidentally caused, but the accused had" admitted her guilt. A majority of the Bench favored an acquittal, but some of the justices dissented,and the woman was committed for trial. Credit Foncier bonds to the amount of £11,350 were offered for pnubic tender to-day, and £11,025 was sub scribed for. The Savings Banks Com missioners took up the rest. The annual meeting of the Colonial Mutual Fire Insurance Company was held to-day. The losses had been un precedentedly heavy owing to the great November fire and to bush.fires. They amounted to over £58,000, butpremiums and income came to nearly £90,000. The sum of £140 was carried forward. 