BREVITIES. • Tropical,. Temperate.. Alternating. Bush-fires somewhere. Sunday, smoke and cool: breezes. Test match at Adelaide smiling. South Australian representees superb. The holy city of the hills gone mad with delight. Das-ling batted all through the first day, 178 not out. Terrible suffering in Qippsland. Hundreds hungry and homeless. Qovernment sent down. $0 tents to Thorpdale for the houseless. Premiee: promi%es assistance to the victims of the fire fiend. Minister of Mine? Foster gone to Gippsiand to. inquire personally into the condition of the village settlers. Mayor of Melbourne- called meeting in Town hall last night for relief of the sufferers. Premier prepared, to give. £5000 or so towards a proper representation of Victoria at the Paris Exposition of 1900. Great influx of English capital expected into, the colony this year, in connection with the working and development of Victorian mine&. Applications teeming in from English syndicates to Minister, of. mines fc-r suspension of the labour covenants until they have had time to make preparations. Minister; indulgent. Two medical' students sacked: from, the Women's hospital for drunkenness and discreditable conduct. Nearly time. These nightly vigils, in which debauchery held a conspicuous place going on for years. It was a disgrace to.the management. Railway employe scores highest last year as a schedule filer, the score is 38. Labourer next with a score of 24 ;-followed by clerks 14 ; police constables 9 ; civil servants 8 . hotelkeepers 6 ; and butchers 6. Considering the scarcity of meat the butchers show up creditably in the-list. Sunbeam disabled at Jarvts Bay. Lord and Lady Brassey obliged to come overland by train, from Sydney. Difficult to magnify the inconveniences- and sufferings of the great. Who would envy the afflicted after such.a^disapointing experience? Shire of Winchelsea suspended Us Secretary in consequence of the unsatisfactory state of his accounts in connection with fox bonuses. Foxes paid for that never existed except in imagination, and the secretary's return. Shire secretary of Tallangatta suspended. This shire has fallen upon, ev.il. days. Its late rate- collector now. serving a sentence for not being able to distinguish between the meanings of nieum and tuum. Wednesday last the day appointed for simultaneous poisoning of rabbits throughout Q-ippsland. As phosphorus wa-< liberally laid, a suspicion is abroad that the origin. of the wide spread.bush-fires is. thus accountcd for. People in the Western district praying for bushfires to stamp out the grasshopper, whose presence puts the Egyptain plague to shame as regards numbers. Victoria is " the most distressful counthry that ever yet was seen." Everything going wrong always. West Australian 3 per cent 1'oan of a million floated successfully in London. It was ov.er subscribed nearly three-fold. A substantial premium has been secured. Proprietors of the "-Argus? head the subscription list in their own columns, in aid of the Gippsland Fire fund, with the sum of one hundred guineas^ Federal Convention opened in Melbourne on next Thursday. Distinguished visitors arriving daily. The drafting committee plugging- away since yesterday, in order to be ready with the Commonwealth Draft Constitution when the awful moment of consummation arrives—if: it ever does,. Earl, of Shaftsbury A.D.C. to Lord Brassey has taken, his departure for London by the Orizaba. Melbourne temperature getting too hot for the noble lord. Ju6t. what might he-expeoted. Young-and warm and. human! Business, at the Customs booming for tbe past fortnight. Can't overtake the work, and a block has set in* If this were the result of an increaaed volume of business all would rejoice. Supposed; however,- to.be the outcome- of the great fire in Flinders Street where drapery stocks to a large amount were sacrificed: Filling up the kettle that boiled over. Two Meteorites playing sad° havoc- out Warburtoa way. ° Knocked two men-- about on their horses ; tumbled into the drain, and played old Harry generally with their nerves. The atmosphere got black as night while the meteorites were playing leap frog around their victims. One writes to the " Argus" to know what it all means. Bad whisky—nothing else I Bush-shanty grog at the bottom-of it all; Australians all out at Adelaide for 673 Englishmen followed and had lost 6 wickets for 197 when the stumps were drawn on yesterday afternoon. Blae lookout for Stoddart and< co. as. far as the third test match is concerned. Maclaren, Ranjitsinhji, Mason, and Storer.- make only 35 runs between 'them. Inconceivable 1 What will they think of this in the obscure little- island lying off-the noith coast of- Franoe. Melbourne the most charitable town probably on the whole earth.. Scarcely has one charitable appeal been started than another follows on its heels before completion. Never a. week without, something. And never is. the appeal, if deserving, made In. vain. Money flowing in like water to the fund for the burnt out Gippslanders. Argus Fund in two days £1,047. Mayor of Melbourne's. fund in one day £1,247. Various £100 contributions in the list. England offers a loan of £12,000,000 to China in order that it may be able to liquidate its war indemnity to Japan. England imposes conditions though 1 Gives indication just as much of avarice as the action of Russia and Germany. Worse ; because it preys upon China's necessities. Rutherglen Shire Council applying for permission to have the town proclaimed a great national sanitorium for Australia. To be carried out- on the-detached, weatherboard, bug-eaten shanty principle. The sewerage system has just been officially reported on. Uuique in, the history of modfru civilization. Ballarat Miners' Association occupy a high place in tbe scale of intelligence.. Have jnst decided that poisoned or scalded feet to which miners are Liable* is not embraced within the category of accidents^ which makes them eligible for nick pay 1. What a wonderful developement of advanced thought An important Intercolonial conference of Minister» of Agriculture about to be held in Melbourne. A reduction of. oeean freight on exported products will hold a premir.ent place in tbe subjects- to be submitted for consideration. Suppression of the tick plague will not be forgotten. Proposal, by Sydney speculators to.build a- sanitorium on- the top of Kosciusko. Near euough to the newly established observatory to have full command over the weather for picnicing purposes. Trades Hall firing into. Archbishop Carr over the wages paid to tradesmen in the erection of St. Patrick's Cathedral and Roman Cathoiio churches generally. Seem to have gpt the wrong, end of the stick. All their alligations refuted as false and unfounded. Scattered at once with the episcopal broad-side. 