Ufems of Hebs. j . ... .. ,? -^r* . ???.?.-?, A few of tha saop-keepers interested in establishing some diversion for the Wednesday afternoon half-holiday, ield . a meeting in the Major's-rootn on. Mon day night. The Major was in the chair, and Mr. J. Hopkins was elected honorary secretary. ' A conversation took place as to the best .arrangements ,Jto .spuflke for nlUng in the attemoon, i)ut, oWiDfifto^tie short time elapsing between thfrinSeetiog ard the following Wednesday, it was ' determined to take no action for the first half-holiday, lint to adjourn the meeting lillihe next Tuesday, when it washopedya larger nunlher of shop keepers would be present. Mr. Close, 7. P.. has just retnrnedtpbom a trip to Tasmania. Over on theji}gbt little island he found everythinaHpery hot. Bush-fires were raging, aSsttbe atmosphere was in a most trying*con dition through the flames and heat. During a trip taken by rail it took the train over 6 hours to get over a distance of 15 miles. On tbis occasion tbe engine driver and gnard did not get off to have a game cf cricket, as is commonly reported of the Tasaaanian railway officials, but they had to set to work to clear the lines of fallen trees which had blocked the lines through the fires. However, Mr. Close enjoyed the trip very much, and has come back thoroughly tanned, owing no doubt to the heat of the „ Bun and tbe fires. A social gathering* is to take place' at the Dispensary Hail on Monday evening nest, in connection with the .Loyal Wildey Lodge, to recognise the honor be stowed on Mr. P;_Barnet, ttoe seoretary of lip IndirA hu liic ftnnnintmpnfc fn t.lie sifiif-n of Grand Master of the Independent Order of Oddfellows. '.m, - , On Friday af ternoonlast a man named William Lewis, a laniper^on the railway pier, was kuocked down by a truck and severely injured. He was' taken to the Melbourne Hospital and then tent home, but since that time he has had to seek re- admission to the hospital. In Mr. G. W. Briggs' window, in Bay street, may be seen a very handsome framed certificate which has been pre sented to Bro. A. NieJson, of the Nor manby Lodge, U.A.O.D. The certificate entitles the recipient to the distinction and privileges of a past arch-drnid of the ozder. , '??^H ? '* ? ? ? '^t? fonncil were informed on Tnesday ijiprjBE^PfflroV^Hie' .Eeserve' - -^boundelct '^y Pnnoes, Stoker, and Liardet streets, but diat control over the reserve had now been vested in the Council.' Itwonldlw well if the Council would ratify their new found power by giving the fence a couple of coats of paint. This would be money well spent, preserving the fence, and adding to the decency of the locality. At the Council meeting on Tuesday night a letter was read from ' the secre tary of the municipal association asking for suggestions or questions which the local council wished to be dealt with or answered. Here is one — Can the Har bour Trust hot be made, in the interests of Public Health, to so deal with the lagoon dock as to place it in a sanitary condition? The Town-pier was reported to be on fire on Wednesday morning, and the local brigade, represented by one man, was quickly on the spot, followed by a' con tingent from South Melbourne. The this is the third or. fourth time that the pier has been on fire recently, and if once a good blase was made it would be hard to entinguieh, as the pier is very dry and in some places is saturated with kerosene. Last Sunday the congregations at the Graham-street Wedeyan Church were good, the appointments f or the day being theEeF. H. K. Hutchison, B.&., who selected as his text the words of Jesus to John the Baptist, when he was in prison, ' And blessed is he, whosoever shall not be offended in me.' The Rev. J. W. Grove, B.A.. preached in the evening, taking as his theme the profitableness of Godliness. This -church will lose the services of the Eev. Thomas Grove nest month, as, owing to being elected presi dent of tbe Conference, he will probably be removiDg to Bicbmond, and it is almost settled that the Bev. Bichard Fiteher will come to reside at Graham street. /?.?*? In connection with the Lenten services now being held at Holy Trinity Church, theBev, W. H. Perciral, B.A., 3^^ beht of St. Thomas's, Essendon, preached on Sunday, evening last to a good oori gregatioo. '?*? Tfce Story cf the Cross ' was also «ung, the soloists being Miss Hennell, Mr. T. Edwards and Mr. H. O. Close. Tbe* church was also well attended in the morning when the in cumbent, the Bev. R. W. Cooke, M.A. conducted tbe service. The smells arising from the main and subsidiary- sewers iu Graham and Nott streets are becoming very offensive to the people living in those localities; and especially to the householders in the immediate vicinities of die traps from which the odours ariee. Steps ongh't to be taken at once by &e; Metropplitaoa Board to obviate this tmiBance. : Where house connections ~ have been made induct and eduot vents have teen affixed to clear the drains of bad smells, and possibly some steps might be taken to clear away the foul air in the sewers by similar means, but on a larger ecaie. *' It 'twere done, 'twere well it =were done quickly.1' becaase a good deal of sickness prevails, and many resideotB are attributing the cause to the works being carried ont by the Metropolitan Board.' ' ?'.'.' ?-,' '? ? ''''' ? ' . -i: ; '' ,r\ ????;' :-? . ? ' . . , : ? ? ? S Hiss Mary Ksyhoe,- certificated pupil Df Herr ' Flock.' who has recently lieen appointed organist of St Josephs' Church, made her first appearance in thatpoBi tion en Sunday morning last at the U o'clock mass. jThe choir : tendered Farmer's Mass in B flat, and Miss, Seyhoe's Jaanipulation^of the iustnunent was highly creditable, and was most fevonrably: critJcised. - ' .. -, '? v . . . 'C ;?;;? ?f^oi^pmai-'JS.^Ill£ :'SJajrri*ttet, : was : TObVed, to Tuesda^aast, ^tm^at^Mpt ; 3lurftier::SonatioD6 to the bush fires relief fund are acknowledged as follows : 43EL;N»J3d wards 10a; J. J. Bartlett, ruBjijiSsi^I, P. Cnchton, 5s. ; P. G. P/emberton 5a. Speaking at the smoke night given by him to the. .bandsmen ' on Thursday, at ihe Town Hall, t^e Mayor. said it was unfortunate that the demonstration on behalf of the local Dorcas Society happened \xra' -a ? Sunday -because no refreshjaents couia he obtained for the bandsmen. When they marched up to the ,town..hall, after playing all the after noon in the heat, the tongues of some of them; were- Langing out, bnt it was im possible for. him to do anything for them. The ' pubs were all closed,' and not even for him, the Mayor of tlie town, would any of them open their doors' on that day. 'About JEM) .worth :of cutlery and other, articles consisting of dinner and break fast knives, with white bone handles;, and silver forks and spoons all branded 'Haddart Parker & Co.' have been stolen from the Hygeia. .?-?..? .:- 