THE RAINFALL. It is a healthy old proverb and true as often as most proverbs are that everything comes to him who waits. If one can only wait long enough perhaps in the course of time, even the cows of the antithetical proverb on the same subject would back up to be milked by the man who sits waiting in the paddock with the pail be- between his legs. For a waiting policy to be successful it is necessary that the per- son or community engaging in it must have staying power. The community generally is gifted with staying power; the individual may or may not possess it. It was a very severe trial which from last October the greater part of Australasia was passing through. But as the event shows in the triumphant breaking up of the drought over an area of probably two millions or three million square miles of mainland and islands, one has only to wait long enough, and whatever is reasonably desirable comes to pass. This summer has been the most trying in the history of Australain colonization. There was no rain for between four and five months, and for the last two months a plague of bush- fires was over a great portion of the land of Victoria, Tasmania and New Zealand. Wherever the country was heavily wooded there were destructive bush- fires, so des- tructive as to wrest the record from Black Thursday of 1851. But quite as destruc- tive of property, though not in such a lurid and terror and awe inspiring way was the hordes of insect life which the violently hot weather brought into extraordinary activity. The pests of the farm and orchard and market garden were extra lively and extra abundant this year, and what with the drought, a very large proportion of the produce which the growers should have gathered, was eaten up by the various creeping, crawling, flying, things or perished for want of moisture. But after four years of battling with nature in one of her unkindest and most capricious moods, there will surely not now be long to wait before a similar term of years is ushered in in which the deficien- cies and sufferings of those years will be balanced by the plentifulness and happi- ness of the years immediately coming. Nature is so capricious and uncertain for a given term of months or years, that her operations even in the direction of the winds and the falling of the rains cannot with any show of positiveness be gauged for more than 24 hours ahead. Yet nature when a lengthy term is taken is wonderfully regular—government by design is seen, and the cycle of events repeat and repeat each other in orderly succession. Another fact which the general rainfall has again accentuated is the enormous area over which our comparatively small population is scattered. At the same hour almost that in the south-east of Victoria farmers were battling for their lives with the forest fires, and cattle, horses and sheep, and other domestic ani- mals were being burned and destroyed in hundreds, cattle and sheep were being drowned by floods in Central Australia. It was only, however, a matter of great dis- tances, not of great natural barriers, such as mighty chains of intervening moun- tains, that enabled such a phenomenon to be recorded. For in due course it was the same moisture-laden winds which were the cause of the destructive floods in the north- ern and central parts of South Australia that in their turn quenched the fires in the forest country of Victoria. Nature, there- fore, apparently intended Australia to be a federation. Unfortunately, if there is such a thing as a “federal rainfall,” there are also “federal droughts.” But as painting a moral on behalf of federation, either set of circumstances will do to show that though its surface area is little short of that of the continent of Europe it is broadly speaking only one country. That brave old sea dog answered perhaps more wisely than he thought and on better infor- mation than the early navigators could pos- sibly have been possessed of, when to the French officer who had asked how much of Australia the British claimed, he emphatically declared that they “claimed the whole.” And it is some two million square miles of this fine estate which has just received a more or less copious, but everywhere most appreciated and welcome rainfall. It is the salvation of the country for the time being, and the death rate may very shortly be expected to return to its normal condition. Warden’s Court will be found on our first page this morning. Fourth Page.—The following additional reading matter will be found on our fourth page this morning:— Mining News and Notes and Country News. To-day’s Events.—Eaglehawk Police Court, 10 a.m.; meeting Ladies’ Gippsland Fund Com- mittee, Town Hall, 3.30; meeting Loyal James Roe Lodge, 7.30; Sir Henry Barkly Lodge’s ball, Oddfellows’ Hall, Huntly; United Band of Hope meeting, Temperance Hall, 8; Bishop Stone-Wigg, All Saints’ Church, 8 p.m. The Weather.— The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’, Pall Mall, yesterday were:— Ther- mometer, 9 a.m., 70°; 12 noon, 78°; 3 p.m., 86° ; 6 p.m., 82° ; maximum, 87°; minimum, 62°. Barometer:—9 a.m., 29.9 ; 12 noon, 28.92°; 3 p.m., 28.84; 6 p.m., 28.82. Electoral Revision Court.—An Electoral Revision Court was held yesterday before Mr. P. J. Dwyer, P.M. The number of names struck off the rolls for the various divisions were rather more numerous than usual, being as follows:— Sandhurst South Division— General list: On ratepayers’ roll, 26; parted with qualifications, 1. Ratepayers’ list: Dead, 11; not naturalised, 4; not qualified, 2. Man- durang Division—On ratepayers’ roll, 5; dead, 2 ; not naturalised, 3. Strathfieldsaye Division : Dead, 5 ; on ratepayers’ roll, 1. Kangaroo Flat Division : Parted with qualification, 7; dead, 4; on ratepayers’ roll, 3; not naturalised, 3. Axedale Division: On ratepayers’ roll, 1; parted with qualifications, 1; dead, 1. Sandhurst Central —General list: On ratepayers’ list, 38; parted with qualification, 4; dead, 1. Ratepayers’ list: Not qualified, 3; dead, 23; not naturalised, 6 ; disqualified, 1. Darling Division—General list: On ratepayers’ roll, 19; parted with qualifica- tions, 1, dead, 1. Ratepayers’ list: Dead, 14; not qualified, 35 ; disqualified, 1; not natura- lised, 3. 1 Barkly Division—General list: On ratepayers’ list, 45 ; dead, 33; not qualified, 41; not naturalised, 2 ; disqualified, 2. White Hills Division—General list: On ratepayers’ list, 4. Ratepayers’ list: Dead, 2; not natura- lised, 1. Sutton Division—General list: On ratepayers’ list, 3. Ratepayers’ list : Dead, 4. City Police Court.— The adjudicating magistrates yesterday were Messrs. P. J. Dwyer, P.M., W. Wilson and J. Faul, Js.P. Frederick Thomas, charged with the larceny of a pair of white blankets of the value of 10s, the property of William Walain, at Pyramid Hill, was remanded to the Pyramid Hill Court on the 16th inst. The girl Annie Turner, who was remanded to appear on the 16th inst., was discharged, arrangements having been made to send her to the female refuge at Cheltenham. Maria Dodd, charged with being inebriated the previous Saturday, and who had been before the court on about 80 former occasions, was discharged, she having evinced an inclination to restrain herself from her former habits, no conviction being recorded against her since July, 1896. Glover, Onians and Co. proceeded against Philip Wilkinson for the recovery of £8 10s 3d for goods sold and delivered. An order was made for the amount with 8s costs. A tempo- rary license was granted to Thomas Hogan to dispense liquor at the Raywood races to-mor- row. A lunatic was committed to the lunacy ward of the hospital for a week, and a case re- ported elsewhere dealt with. A Dangerous Parctice.—The practice of cyclists riding about the streets at night with- out lights is far too prevalent. The sooner some of those who are in the habit of doing so are brought up at the nearest police court the better it will be for the unwary pedestrians. About 11.30 o’clock last night a cyclist, who was evidently at sea with his steering gear, turned into Hargreaves street from Short street at a smart pace, knocking over an old lady who was accompanied by a child about 12 years of age. The lady was unable to rise for a few moments, but quickly came to and won- dered what had happened to her, she not having heard the cyclist approaching. The cyclist was thrown from his machine, but quickly re- mounted and rode away, the witnesses of the affair being loud in their indignation at his unnatural conduct in not staying to make in- quiries respecting the mishap. If a few offenders were brought before the local police court to be dealt with, the dangerous practice of riding without lights would probably speedily be put a stop to—at least for a while. Some Fun at Ballarat.—Describing the picnic given by the Ballarat City and Town Councils to the Federal delegates and others in order to show what a fine capital Ballarat would make for Australia, the Argus corre- spondent says:—At the Ballarat East Town Hall the visitors were the guests of the mayor (Mr. J. H. Peady). Refreshments were laid in the mayor’s room, council chamber, and several other rooms, in order to accommodate the large crowd. Whilst this arrangement ad- ministered admirably to the convenience of the guests, it was the cause of an amusing confusion in the toasts. It had been agreed to drink to the toast of “Federated Australia,” coupled with the name of one of the delegates in each room, simultaneously. The idea was a good one, but unfortunately the voices of the speakers in one room could be distinctly heard in the other. In addition to this, all the dele- gates cannot yet speak at the same length on federation, notwithstanding their long practice. The result was that those within earshot found themselves listening to three or four federal speeches in different stages at the one time. While this was going on in one part of the building, a curious mock trial was proceeding at the courthouse in another. On pleasure bent, or inspired by the reports of the case being heard in the Brunswick Court, a Bench, consisting of a staid Australian Premier, a medico-politician, and several others, was impanelled to hear an indictment against a prominent local Orange- man and teetotaller that he did on a certain day walk in procession, being attired in the regalia of his office. No less a person than the member for Bungaree conducted the case for the defence. He was as unsuccessful as the counsel for the defendants in the other case, and his client was sentenced to six months’ solitary confinement. The bench, it is only fair to say in light of recent events, maintained the strictest decorum throughout the trial. The morning’s jauntings finished up with an excel- lent luncheon at the Alfred Hall, at which only the loyal toasts were honored. City Fire Brigade.—The monthly meeting of the brigade was held at the depot last even- ing, Captain Daymond presiding. There was a full attendance of members. Correspondence was received from the Castlemaine brigade and the Geelong brigade, each asking support for the demonstration of 1899 to be held in their town. No action taken. A month’s leave of absence was granted to member J. Sullivan. J. P. Condon sent in his resignation as a mem- ber, owing to his being otherwise occupied. The resignation was accepted. Mr. W. Honey- bone, honorary secretary to the Gippsland Relief Fund, wrote, thanking the brigade for their assistance in helping to take up the col- lection at the concert in Rosalind Park by Northcott’s Band. Captain Daymond was ap- pointed on the Easter Fair committee. It was decided, in view of the approaching demonstra- tion at Warrnnmbool, to hold practices on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. It was decided to hold the next meeting of the brigade on Friday, March 4, in order to finally fix up matters in connection with the forth- coming demonstration. Accounts amounting to £11 16s 10d were passed for payment. Limelight Entertainment.—Last night the Golden Square Wesleyan schoolroom was crowded to excess, the attraction being a lime- light entertainment by the Rev. Chas. Tregear, in celebration of the opening of the new class rooms. The first part of the programme in- cluded views of Killarney, the Curfew, the life and movements of Admiral Nelson, and “The Death of Little Jim.” Miss Nicholas sang “Killarney” very sweetly, and the lecturer sang “The Death of Nelson” in a first class manner. He also recited the pathetic story of “Little Jim.” In the second part of the programme were shown Chatworth House, Greenwich Hospital, Windsor Castle, the Tower of Lon- don, showing the jewel room, and several humorous pictures. The programme concluded by some very interesting views entitled, “Rock of Ages,” the audience rising and singing the hymn of the same name. At the conclusion a hearty vote of thanks was accorded the lec- turer on the motion of the mayor. Miss Nicholas presided at the organ. Golden Square Workingmen’s Club.— The monthly meeting of the committee was held last night at the club room. Present: Messrs. T. H. Williams (president), Curtis, J J. Jones, Couve and Dr. James and the secre- tary (Mr. J. S. Montgomery). The treasurer’s report for tho month read:—Billiards, £3 10s; subscriptions, £3 6s 3d ; rent of room, 10s ; total, £7 6s 6d ; debit bank balance, £156 4s 3d. The caretaker in his report recommended the purchase of a piece of matting for the library, and also a set of billiard table pockets. These articles were greatly needed. He had in hand some repairs which had been authorised by the com- mittee. He had made the monthly pur- chase of books. It was decided to purchase a new strip of matting and a set of pockets for the billiard tables. The committee con- sidered a recommendation from the annual meeting to the effect that the partition separat- ing the store room from the committee room be taken down so as to accommodate the draughts and chess players. The majority of the committeemen thought the idea a good one if only to enlarge the meeting room. It was decided, after a short discussion, to obtain an estimate of the cost of the work. Mr. Curtis asked if it would be proper to vote a small sum as a prize for a billiard tournament. It had been ruled by older members of the com- mittee that it could not be done. He con- sidered, however, that as the proceeds from billiards went a long way towards maintaining the institute, it would be only fair that a small sum from these proceeds should be set apart as a prize to infuse interest into the game. Dr. James considered that it would be equally as fair to take money from the proceeds to be used as a tournament prize as it was to expend the funds on billiard balls and repairs to the tables. It was decided that the secretary should if possible obtain a copy of the laws governing mechanics’ institutes, so that they might know if the funds could be so appro- priated. Accounts amounting to £13 0s 1d were passed for payment. Long Gully Mechanics’ Institute.—The monthly meeting of the committee was held last evening. Present: Messrs. Dunstan (chair), Curnow, Job, Prout, Horsfield, Reeves, Jen- nings, Roscrow, and Wilson (secretary). A communication was read from the Chief Secre- tary, asking for information as to the expen- diture of the Government grant. It was decided to reply stating that £55 is expended in maintenance, £40 in books and £5 in bind- ing. The matter of having a lecture in aid of the institute was discussed at some length, but nothing definite was decided. The Loyal Sandhurst Lodge met last evening in the Temperance Hall, N.G. Bro. C. Cardwell presiding. Sick allowance for £10 was passed for payment. The secretary gave the report of the Grand Lodge Finance Com- mittee, showing the splendid financial position of all the lodges in its jurisdiction. The lodge is contemplating holding quarterly socials. Six new candidates were proposed for membership. The receipts for the evening were £59 9s 5d. Robbery At Golden Square.—Some time during Sunday night a thief entered the kitchen at the residence of Mr. J. L. Edwards, produce merchant in Booth street, and stole a knife-box containing cutlery and spoons and one or two other small household utensils. Mr. and Mrs. Edwards and family were in the house all the evening, and it is somewhat remarkable that someone did not hear or discover the thief. The value of the articles altogether is not very great. Information was given to the Golden Square police. Band Concert.—Northcott’s City Band will give another of their enjoyable concerts in Rosalind Park to-morrow evening, when the following programme will be gone through:— Quick march (topical), E. Newton; waltz, “Farie Voices,” A. G. Growe.; grand selection, “Bohemian Girl,” Balfe; quadrille, “Faust,” Chas. Cook (arranged by E. Newton) ; grand national fantasia, “Beauties of Scotland,” E. Newton ; waltz, “La Premiere Danseuse,” T. Dodwell (arranged by Warwick Williams); overture, “Crown of Diamonds,” Auber (ar- ranged by J. Hartmann); intermezzo, “Pas de Joie,” W. H. Lonsdale (arranged by E. New- ton); God Save the Queen. Brummagem Gold.—W. Theador and J. T. Cartwright at the Castlemaine Police Court on Saturday were charged with manufacturing and fraudulently offering for sole as gold an adulterated metal, at Taradale, on the 5th inst. Cartwright was further charged with offering similar metal for sale at Kyneton on January 29\. Prisoners were remanded to Taradale on Saturday, and will then be sent on to Kyneton, and afterwards to Castlemaine. Bail was allowed accused in £200 each, and two sureties of £100 each. The bail was not forthcoming. Exporting Wheat at Losing Rates.— An adjourned meeting of farmers re co-opera- tion and combination for shipping grainn was held on Saturday afternoon at Tatura under the auspices of the Tatura Agricultural Society. Full information was placed before the meeting from the Numurkah and Natlialia Agricul- tural Societies, and arrangements were adopted for a first shipment. The wheat will be de- spatched in about 10 days to London, under arrangements with Messrs. Goldsbrough, Mort and Co. The farmers of Tatura, Numurkah and Nathalia are said to be exporting 2000 bags each. Altogether they will have to get rid of more than half a million bags at a loss in order to create an artificial scarcity demand for the remainder. It was resolved that a conference of agricultural societies, comprising those of Numurkah, Nathalia, Tungama, Cobram, Shepparton, Dookie, Echuca, Rochester, Euroa, Murchison and Nagambie, be held at Tatura, on Friday, 18th inst., to make arrangements for further shipments, and public meetings of farmers are to be held in advance at Undera, Mooroopna, Merrigum and Kyabram. A dis- cussion took place over the millers’ action in not reducing the price of flour when wheat was reduced to a low price. It was held that this showed the millers had no more “sympathy” with the workers than the farmers have. “Kitty From Ireland.”—The time of the magistrates at the City Police Court yesterday was taken up for over an hour by a “half-a- dozen of one side and six of the other” kind of dispute. Patrick Egan proceeding against Miss Catherine Tuohey for using insulting words towards his daughter, Honora Egan, on January 10 last. Mr. J. B. Roberts appeared on behalf of the complainant, and Mr. Luke Murphy for the defendant. Honora Egan, a little girl 13 or 14 years of age, in giving her version of the affair said that on the date in mentioned she was together with another little girl visiting Mrs. Tuohey’s, who resides next to Miss Tuohey’s residence in Bannister street, and whilst singing some inoffensive ditty Miss Tuohey used insulting and abusive words towards her. It was without the slightest provocation whatever. The girl’s evidence was supported by Maria Gerber, Mrs. Winifred Tuohey and Patrick Egan, brother of the girl. Miss Catherine Tuohey, giving evidence on her own behalf, stated that the two girls irritated her very considerably by calling her an old maid, and singing “Kitty from Ireland”—not that she objected to be called ‘‘Kitty from Ireland,” as she was proud of it. The girls also empha- sised their music by sundry provoking remarks, adding insult to injury by continually poking out their tongues to her, and presenting at in- tervals the mystic unmasonic sign manual. Defendant admitted that she told the girl Honora to “go home to her drunken father,” but maintained she used no bad language. The case was dismissed, both parties having to pay their own costs, a decision which neither side appeared to relish. Official intimation has been received by the Tatura Agricultural Society that the Minis- ter of Agriculture has approved of the Grand National Show being held at Tatura this year. Probate— The will of John Edward Buchan, of Charing Cross, Bendigo, tailor and outfitter, has been filed. Mr. Buchan died on December 19 last, and his will was executed on September 18, 1885. He leaves everything in equal shares to his sisters, the Misses Maggie White Buchan and Isabella Jane Buchan. Court Idlers.—In the cities of New Zealand (remarks the Age correspondent) the number of court loafers is proportionately as great as in the cities of Australia, and day after day the same people may be seen listening eagerly to cases that do not concern them in the smallest degree, instead of being at work or looking round for employment. Apropos of this, the remarks of Dr. Lloyd at the North Melbourne Police Court, as reported in the Age, have been extensively copied by New Zealand papers, and our court loafers have been recommended to take to heart what Dr. Lloyd said upon the sub- ject to their North Melbourne prototypes about their going outside and looking for work. A despicable hoax was perpetrated by some person at the expense of three miners, who were induced to travel some twenty miles yesterday on the strength of a lying statement that Judge Molesworth wanted to engage a party of sixty prospectors for Klondyke. They astonished the judge, whom they saw at the Melbourne Insolvency Court. Then they went back home to find the party who had hoaxed them. Foresters’ Excursion.—The annual ex- cursion held under the auspices of the A.O.F.,B.U.D. was run yesterday, the two special trains which had been chartered being well filled. There were over 900 passengers. The trains left Bendigo at 9.30 and 10 a.m. re- spectively, the railway station presenting a busy scene on their departure. A hoard of nearly 100 sovereigns has been found in the ashes of an old house near Steel’s Creek, Yarra Glen. James Connelly, aged 18 years, admitted on February 6, died in the hospital yesterday from typhoid. Insolvent.—George Kenneth Wright, White Hills road, laborer. Liabilities, £44 18s 10d ; assets, nil. Causes of insolvency: Losses owing to a law suit, pressure of creditors, and un- remunerative employment. Mr. A. Hasker, official assignee. Gippsland Relief Fund.—A meeting of the ladies’ committee will be held this after- noon in the mayor’s room at 3.30 o’clock. A Minstrel Entertainment will be given in the Long Gully Mechanics’ Institute on Wednesday by the Long Gully Fire Brigade minstrels. The ordinary meeting of the James Roe Lodge, M.U., will be held this evening at the Beehive Exchange at 7.30. Property Sales.—Mr. W. G. Bentley re- ports selling by auction on account of Mr. Harritable, the White Horse Hotel, Sebastian, to Mr. Hunter for £1340; in the estate of the late Mr. Harrison (deceased), residence area, corner of Panton and Market streets, Eagle- hawk, to Mr. W. C. Brown, for £111 ; also furniture and sundries at satisfactory figures, and on account of Mr. Thomas Miller, of Yarrawalla, clearing sale of horses, farm implements, etc., at full market rates; also (privately) residence area in Don street, for the sum of £85, Mr. E. Mollard being the purchaser. To-day, at 1.30 p.m., Mr. J. H. Curnow will sell on the premises, King street west, a free- hold allotment and seven-roomed house; also all the furniture and effects, spring cart, car- penter’s bench and tools of trade on account of Mr. E. C. Clarke. On Friday, March 4, Messrs. R. O’Neill and Co. will hold a clearing sale of live stock, farm and implements at Derby, on account of Mr. James Holden. Particulars are advertised. 