A Gratefal Snake. A CAPE STORY. It was about the middle of August fiear as I can remember, that I started week’s hunt, for game had grown a scarce about our place; and it was on this trip that I first mot the Nagooka snake, X had heafd all the way coming eastward about the peculiar traits ascribed to this animal, so well known in the re gion of'Mozambique, but I looked upon tho wonderful stories of its sagacity as fairy tales. Every detail of the thing had been described to mo; tho flat head, big eyes, fat belly, and, most peculiar of all, the loud rattles .at tho end of its tail, like those on tho American rattlesnake. It was claimed for the Nagooka,.that, though a moat poisonous and dangerous snake, it possessed the one Christian virtue, of doing a good turn to one who had befriended it. The whole, thing tommy rot to me until, shortly after day bread one morning, while ' pushing through', the tangled underbrush, 1 stumbled into an open, and fell alraost' directly. on am immense, flat head, illuminated with- eyes that' acemedLquite A horrible fascination. riveted ihd to the spot, and to suyo my soul I could not move, though my'face was nearly touching the one which waved to either side in a slow pondulum-liko motion. I regained my senses as suddenly as I had lost them, and, springing back, was astonished not to see the snake follow mo. I soon noticed the reason, however, for tho animal was caught fast in tho fork of a tree stump, aud a bulge on either side prevented it from moving. My first impulse, of course, was to shoot, but the longer I looked at tho beautiful brute—ho was about twenty feet from tip to tip—the more cruel it seemed to murder it. Tho eyes still maintained a mild, calf like lustre, and seemed incapable of deceit. Still, you can never judge an umbrella by the cover, and I determined to lob go. Bub when I raised my rifle to my shoulder tho groat head darted frantically in every direction, now raising itself in the air and again, doubling up toward the body and scooting along the grass. Tho eyes, too narrowed down to an ugly slit and so fas cinated mo again that perforce I could not shoot, but was drawn towards tho yellow and brown thing. At this the eyes again opened frankly and pleadingly. At the same time the serpent set up an incessant rattle with its tail, and then I felt certain that I was up against a Nagooka snake. Hesitating no longer now, I made a lover out of ray gun barrel, and after considerable exertion, succeeded in extricating tho huge body from the trap, and whatever misgivings I ( had vanished straightway when the 1 great thing • curled up at my feet ' and gazed at rac in mute thankful ness. After that 1 could not shake . him off. By day lie was either travelling beside me or in tho rear, and at night he made a very acceptable sentinel, i grew rather tired of tho snake though, and, as I neared home, shuddered at the thought of introducing it into the homo circlo.Throats, . persuasions, and entreaties proved futile. The animal refused to leave mo. I saw there was no way to get rid of the Nagooka (for I was satisfied as to its identity now) bub to kill it or take it along home. Thanks to my guardian angel I decided on tho latter course. Otherwise, I should not be hero to toll the story. In a short time my snake had become a fixture, and though ho never fancied Curry and ftreo and hi a c.ks a h oh fthe place, with ray own family, and especially \- with the children, his conduct was irre , proadhablo. Ho made a good watch, for a stranger never approached o’Ur diggings but that the Nagooka did not warn us by a loud rattle. November 13 that year was the hottest day I over spent in Africa, and the night was no cooler. Tho sun had heat down on the veldt until it was completely baked. In addition, the bush fires on all sides had taken every particle of moisture out oLtho atmosphere, ami a lime kiln seemed like a brewery compared to one's month. For ’hours I tossed wearily on the shakedown and finally, after midnight, lapsed into slumber. Jf seemed to have slept but a moment when a terrific crash in the dining room awoke me, fol lowed instantly by hoarse screams of terror in the Basuto tongue. Our house contained three rooms. A largo one used for combination kitchen and dining room occupied one side of tho house, being separated from tho two bed rooms by a hall. The building, of course, was very crude, and though I had rigged up some doors, our windows consisted merely of square holes in tho logs. The • hob weather permitted of everything being kept open in order to got all tho ventila tion possible. Tho crash, I know imme diately, was caused by tho falling of the only lamp wo possessed, and tho groans and scuffle told mo that a terrific struggle was in progress. It took bub n trice to grab my gun and clap shut the door into tho next room, where tho wife and children wore grouped, panic stricken and imploring mo not to leave them. Tho yells had subsided some what now, but the struggle continued, and, waiting for a moment when the par ticipants had worked over towards tho window, I sprang in with my rifle cocked. , Believe mo, good people, when I tell you ; that there in tho middle of tho floor, grasp ing a huge knob kerry, his massive frame rooking with perspiration, and just on the point of collapse, stood Blooming Fool, the Basuto. Ho had evidently come for his long-promised revenge, for ho was tugged I up in tho peculiar war costume of his ’ tribe painted with vermilion, a dozen ! strings of brass about bis nock and Kaffir [ charms, galore adorning his limbs. Ho had not reckoned on his host, however, for never did a man bouton murder got such a reception. Tho light of Hell was 5n the nigger’s eyes, and ho would have completely wiped out tho Forster family that night had it not boon for one thing—the Nagooka snake. Tho faithful animal had detected in some occult way, tho presence of the Basuto fiend, and had crept upon him oven move quietly than- the negro had ap proached my sleeping family. Hideous now in its fierceness, the groat serpent had turned himself in four coils about tho would-bo-murdoror, aud was slowly squeezing him to death. Tho arohod nook swayed from side to side, and tho narrow oyos glittered with unholy joy, waiting to strike tho fatal blow. Too exhausted to breathe, his eyes -bulging from thoir sockets, tho poor fool of a blaok dropped, ono by one, his olub, Ills assegai, and. leopard skin shield. .With another twist of tho gloaming boil, so that wo ooiild hoar tho hobos crunching and snap ping, his arms dropped helpless :hy his side, lie lurched forward like a prizo-flghtor who has received tho knock-out,, and muttering, almost inaudibly, tho single word “Ikona," collapsed. It was all over in a moment. So quickly did it 'take place, in that I novor thought of intervening until too ! Uitoi Tho sight was so horribly thrilling • that my muscles soomod paralysed. The appooraoco atthat moment, at tho ; window, of tho boys Ourray and Tiico, both * j terror- stricken, recalled mo to action, and at tho same t.lrao acquainted mo with tho ; wondorfqlly human qualities and ihought ‘ M sagaoiorisnoss Of thb Nagooka snako, 1 fov tho groab animal had tried to withhold his victim, at first simply dis- Um ad tlirust his tail out of the win dow, von | now rattling lustily s^j sfayf cc. Having performed his part in' across the floor •anfl (lisapjwtgUilonlly in the tall grass nous vigil. As for the ulaClr, mr"was beyond all resuscitation. We picked up his limp and lifeless form, so recently surcharged with brutal'strength, and laid it near the edge of our clearing where the Blooming Fool’s Matabele friends found it in the morning.'* 