LOCAL BREVITIES. ———♦——— School reassembled on Monday. ——— It is rumored that the Royal Hotel may be shortly reopened. ——— District Court on Monday, Cir- cuit on Tuesday. ——— Alderman Wiltons re-election to the Cudgegong Council may be looked upon as a certainty. ——— The sittings of the Land Board this week brought a lot of people into town. ——— Mrs. W. Luckie, of Mundooran way, has been in Mudgee for some time under medical treatment. ——— Anniversary Day in Mudgee has become a dead letter as a people's holiday. It was the best day of all in the better times. ——— There is a lot of distress amongst the labouring classes in this colony. The pinch of poverty grips many workless workers and their families. ——— The Gulgong amateur races, to be held on the 26th January, should be a good meeting. A large number of Mudgee visitors are certain to be present. ——— Mr. E. Pine, of Eurunderee, finished stripping his wheat crop of 60 acres on Saturday last. The grand return of 300 bags is one to be satisfied with. ——— Messrs. S. T. Bishop (Gulgong), Goody Hall (Rylstone), and S. J. Scully (Cassilis), are the " Guar- dian " agents, and are prepared to do any kind of business on our behalf. They have been our repre- sentatives for many years. ——— There are some real genuine workers for the Crudine Jockey Club, which holds its annual races on the 17th March. To augment the race funds a concert and ball will be held at Mr. T. Heath's on Friday, 17 th February. The club have a real good hon. sec. in Mr. F. J. Clarke, and a jolly good president in Mr. J. J. Roberts, J.P. ——— Mudgee district wheat growers must have uttered ever so many notes of exclamation this week when they read of those several thousands of bags of New York flour being dumped down in Syd- ney. And wheat going at 2s 6d per bushel. What's the good of a big wheat yield. ——— A local resident who dips every morning in the North Perry-street swimming baths (!) was astounded when arriving at the spot one morn- ing this week to find the hole in the occupation of a squad of coloured hawkers, who were giving a dozen horses a bath. What a time followed ? ——— Holyoak Hotel, to be run in future by Mr. C. Gentle, is a good old land mark. In the diggings days, when Gulgong was booming, there were few hotels in the district to touch the then new Holyoak. With the hotel and the produce business, the late Mr. Greenwood simply coined money. ——— The veteran Jim Barker's last droving trip from the interior of Queensland to Muswellbrook with a mob of 2000 bullocks was one that tested our old townsman's recog- nised droving skill to its utmost capacity. To bring such a large mob of cattle for hundreds of miles through drought-stricken country with scarcely any loss is something to be proud of. At times he had to travel thirty miles without water. In all seventeen men were employed, and they must have been good men or they would not be long with James. We are sorry to say that seven of the best horses succumbed to the hardships of the trip. ——————————————— Bushfires are raging in various parts of the district. ——— Waterworks matters seem to be at a standstill. What's the delay ? ——— Road tendering just now is cut down to such a low ebb that a bare existence is hardly obtainable. ——— There was a demand for money at the last Starr Bowkett meeting. Mudgee's advancing surely. ——— Some splendid samples of local chaff are about, and not much of it straw. ——— A lot of people talk about feed- ing wheat to horses instead of maize. ——— A shortage of grass is reported from many localities in this district. These are places which missed the good showers. ——— The grape crops around Eurun- deree look splendid, and minus acci- dents a phonomenal yield should result. ——— There is a dearth of lieutenants in the Salvation Amy, and Captain Dixon, of the local corps, is doing the work single-handed. ——— A public school is to be started at Maitland Bar. This is good news for the parents of that one time live old spot. Another pest is making itself felt amongst us, and 'Fancy meeting you' strikes one with brick-bat force at every street corner. A record of wheat yields is being made at Rouse's mill. Mr. Tom Upton informs us that in no case, according to vendor's statements, have yields been under a 20-bushel average. The half-squadron of the Australian Horse for Rylstone has assumed definite shape. The officers from headquarters will be there on Saturday next for the purpose of inaugurating the corps. Rylstone is nothing if it is not a horsey district, hence we can expect to see a tip-top body brought into our military forces. The Rev. J. E. Perkins, until recently Presbyterian minister at Gulgong, was inducted to the charge of the Liverpool Presbyterian Church on Sunday last. The rev. gentleman is a young man with plenty of energy, and he should make a name for himself. It is said that our old ex-bank manager, Mr. R. H. D. White, was a loser to the tune of many thousands of pounds, hence the cause of his mental affliction. Three old Mudgeeites, viz., A. G. Taylor, DeCourcy Browne, and Mr. White, are inmates of Callan Park Asylum, and are said to be very bad. For the R.C. Church funds at Windeyer a ball was recently held, which totalled the very decent amount of £16 odd. The hon. sec., Mrs. Graham, deserves praise for the way in which she worked the affair to such a successful issue. Drovers are loud in their complaints concerning the abuse of travelling reserves. A well-known drover, just down, states that the reserves in Coonabarabran sheep district are the best supervised in the west. Thanks to Mr. May- Steers. Cooyal butter factory has a novel cold-storage system. It consists of a ten-foot deep cellar, which is connected by a drive with an adjacent creek. The draught that comes through the drive is said to cause a reduction in the temperature of from twenty to thirty degrees. The police are busy collecting the agricultural statistics. The district is simply overrun with stock travelling for feed. There was a big bush fire on the hills towards McDonald's Creek on Monday night. On Monday and Tuesday the weather in Mudgee was excessively hot. A large attendance is expected at the Gulgong amateur meeting on Thursday next. We hope to hear of a full enrolment for the Rylstone troop of the First Australian Horse. Mr. L. G. Rouse is acting as Mr. R. White's attorney while the latter gentleman is on his European trip. There was more excitement than gold about the new find at Gulgong. A five foot ten inch brown snake was killed at Cohen's tannery the other day. Let us hope that Judge Docker will not get up to any of his funny business at the sessions next week. The prisoners do not like the new separate system. Especially the old hands. We are always glad to publish reports of district concerts, dances, cricket matches, or other matters of public interest. Work is being pushed on at the Hampden mine at Hargraves under the management of Mr. E. W. Scott. A competent authority states that the wheat crops round Mudgee this season have averaged close on 25 bushels to the acre. If the Agricultural Society attempts a night fete and has bad weather, it will go stone-broke in one act. If anyone wants to rent a black smith's shop in a first-class position, and at a low rent, they should communicate with us. There is a good kit of tools. We are pleased to say that a good many people have remembered the little accounts they owe us. We regret to say, however, that some others have very bad memories. During the month of December the Mudgee Dairy Co. paid no less than £1090 for milk, suppliers being paid on an average of 3.49d per gallon on a 3.14 test. If anyone makes any further disparaging remarks about the Government bull, the Agricultural Society should, on behalf of the animal, commence proceedings for libel. Mr. Alfred Dampier's company will visit Mudgee shortly, staging 'Robbery Under Arms' and 'For the Term of His Natural Life.' That wife-beater whose conduct we commented on the other day is at it again. Let us hope that the next time he is before the Bench he will be sentenced to a flogging. News from our old friend Governor Cotter now of Tamworth gaol tells us that he likes the town very well. The gaol is being considerably enlarged. Mr. E. H. Deane, of the Perry street factory, is one of the best coach doctors in the colony. From his skilled point of view there is no smash beyond repair, and this important branch of his business receives every attention, — Advt. Cudgegong Council meets on Tuesday. The corn crops want another shower of rain. Good young milch cows are in demand, and find ready sale. Mr. Inspector Rooney has visited Maitland Bar, and selected the site for the proposed new school. The laying of the 6-inch main down Church Street will commence next week. On Monday night the Indians camped on the river bank had a concert, and a nice row they kicked up. Poultry is exceedingly scarce. With wheat so cheap and plentiful there should be a lot of young birds raised. Old hens predominated at the Paddy's Market poultry sales on Saturday last, table kind being a scarce commodity. Mr. John Miller, sen., is the contractor for Mr. H. A. Thomas' proposed residence in Douro-street. Mr. Harold Hardwick is the architect. Mr. Inspector Rooney has been enjoying a well-earned holiday in the metropolis. We are pleased to know that Mr. Rooney's health is now fully restored. The Federal Building Society has, during the first year of its existence, lent out more money than any other Mudgee society during a similar period. 'Jack ' Cooney, son of the straight-going Denis, of Gulgong, has been appointed road maintenance man on the Capertee-Glen Alice road. A sad sudden death occurred at Mollyan. Last Friday a little two year-old son of Mr. R. H. McDonald, of the Mollyan Hotel, was running about lively and well, and by Saturday morning the poor little fellow was dead. Pat O'Connell, of Goodiman, and Jack O'Brien, of Tallewang, were over at Peak Hill for their Xmas holidays. Jack tells us that his father, who is Sergeant in charge of that town, is in the pink of health. He intends shortly to come Mudgee way to have a look at old friends. A large number of townspeople will run out to Ted Gossage's races on the 26th inst. It is handy to town, and will be a nice little outing. Years ago the Budgee races were an annual affair, always looked forward to, and we are again pleased to once more see the races and sports revived. St. Patrick's Day will be celebrated at Wollar on the 17 th March, when a nice little 'bill of fare' is to be issued. The real live hon. sec., Mr. Nathan Myers, still continues in his old position, with a real good committee of workers at his back. The rush to the new goldfield in the neighborhood of the old Diamond Mine is causing a sensation. Two men, mounted on bikes, with all their worldly necessaries strapped over and about the machines, arrived per Mudgee train on Wednesday morning, immediately setting off for the goldfield. Sydney papers are commenting on the ages of some of the departed registered amongst last year's dead at Bathurst and Goulburn. It is noted that most of the cases were the relics of the old country. It would be interesting to have returns showing the average old age of colonials who have passed away. Millionaire Tyson was a fair sample. Town property in Mudgee is improving in value. * * * The latest reports of the Queensland horrors appear in another column. We are sorry to hear that Mr. W. Price, J.P., of Pyramid, continues none too well. We strongly urge the committee of the Agricultural Society to advertise the schedule at once. The Hill End and Tambaroora commons have £16 10s to credit, after paying ex's for the year. Mudgee Council intends to take no notice of the Cudgegong rate payers protest against the proposed sanitary site. This week we have received word from our old friend Constable Ferris, who is doing well at Mt. McDonald. A cricket match was played last week between Sofala and Pyramul, and after an exciting game Sofala won by 13 runs. Mr. J. C. L. Fitzpatrick, M.P., is urging the Minister for Public Instruction to establish libraries in connection with all the State schools of the colony. The Minister has promised to give the matter consideration. Mr. A. H. McDonald, of Eurunderee, who is now on his way out from Scotland, will be a candidate at the forthcoming election of Pastures and Stock Directors. His consent to allow himself to be nominated was posted from home. * * * Some of the old croakers about Daviesville are kicking up a rc about their police officer. All the 'Guardian' can say is that they have an excellent man in Senior Constable Murray, and Superintendent Saunderson knows it well. We are extremely sorry to hear that the genial Mr. Ted Braggett continues ill in Sydney. Recently his wife was sent for, and at once went down. We hope soon to hear of his speedy recovery. Some big stripping was done at Mr. J. D. Single's estate at Wollar last week. The horses and stripper were owned by W. Egan, and were driven by Dan Farley, while the machine was worked by Jerry Flanagan, and for the day's work 70 bags was the record. This is a phenomenal day's work. A daughter of ex-Mudgee Robert Auld is one of the pupil teachers at the Paddington Public School. The young lady, who is a Mudgee native, is said to be very clever, and given fair play by the Department, should rise. The only Robert, by-the-bye, is now as staid and stately looking as his brother, the Rev. J0hn Auld, the well-known Sydney Presbyterian minister. Sir. Giles, the well-known representative of Messrs. Pitt, Son and Badgery, will be in our district in a few days looking up wool men. Since this old established stock firm has gone into tho wool trade they have made big strides. Last season they disposed of Messrs. E. M. Bowman's, Patrick and Son's, and J. Rowbotham, and many other clips, and realised top-prices. Mr. J. White, once of Marks and Cos, who with his family, went, to England some months ago, has returned to New South Wales, and is now employed at Edward Hordens, Sydney. Mr. and Mrs. White who are English-born, say that the colonies are preferable to England to live in, and were pleased indeed to set foot once more in N.S.W. 