GENERAL NEWS. ON' Friday the Autarotio search Ssteamer Southern Cross arrived at .Port Chalmors from the Antarctic , : Ooean. She had landed the ten ex plorers with the commander at Vio. toris Land, but the captain rofused to give any information to the press, and \- ordered the reporters off the vessel. Latest news from Samoa state that definite steps are to be taken to carry out the decision of the chief justice in the kingship question. It is almost certain that any attempt to put Malietoa on the throne will be resisted by the Mataafa party, and complioa tions and disorder are likely to follow. The Queen telegraphs to Lord Balies bury expressing her gratification at the cordiality and enthusiasm shown the royal party by the residents of Nice. . The British Ambassador at Berlin has entertained Emperor William, the Empress, and Mr. Cecil Rhodes at a banquet. Lithgow, Thursday.-Years ago the Rev. D. Lasoron, then of Sydney, but later of Lithgow, was shot with a revolver in the left shoulder. The bullet was located at an examination by the Rontgen rays at St. Stanislaun College, Bathurst. Lately pains set in, and another visit to Bathurst was made. The bullet was again located, and it was extracted here on Wednes day afterhoon. SExtensive damage is being done by bush-fires in Tasmania. In the supreme court, Sydney, on Friday, before the Chief Justice and a jury, Bertha Cligny obtained a verdict for £500 damages against Arthur F. B. Hull, a civil servant, for broach of promise of marriage. Litbgow, Friday.-A man named John MbKenny was killed at Burraga to-day by falling down a shaft and breaking his neok. On Thursday the remains of the late Sir Julius Vogol were interred it Wil. lesden cemetery, Middlesex. Those who attended the funeral included Sir J. H. Kennaway M.P., Mr. W. P. Reeves, -agent-general for New Zea land, and numbers of Australasian colonists. In a collision which occured on the Abonkir railway, near Alexandria, SEgypt, on Thursday, twelve persons, including the Governor of Alexandria, were injured. The report of the finding in Siberia of the remains of Herr Andree and his two companions, together with relics of the Antarotio balloon expedition, is stated to be a hoax. A successful trial trip of the second. class corridor cars, which have just been built at the Eveleigh workshops, was made on Friday. The new cars are to be placed on the Sydney to Melbourne line. 