BITS BY THE WAY. (B FPassesosoA) ONCE more by the way, though the -NewYear has scarce got into the Sgroove along which it is to roll.in per hapa varios 'styles, but at the same old rate of 2seed. Accustomed as we get to so many things, yet the fact of the Christmas and New Year festivities which-'ha(e monopolised so much thought for so long before they dven tuate, slipping away from life and thought so utterly, almost before the first week of the year has come to a close, never seems to get quite out of the run of surprises Little more than a week ago we were all agog with hope and expectation. VWaiting eagerly in the old vague style for that mysterious something which the New Year is always expected to bring, but which in the old style it always manages to forget. The expectation is always vague, and very seldom realised at that particular period; but though perhaps it has. permeated thought throughout preparatory weeks, yet ere the second of January has closed it and the sense of disappointment seem alike to have disappeared. We have taken up the old duties in the old. way,.and if .we give any thought to the matter at all, it is to wonder how all that we had been preparing-for has been disposed of so quickly. Itis something like having devoted hours, perhaps a whole morning, to the preparation of a dinner which is eaten up in about half-an-hour. We wonder then if it was worth all the thought, exertion, heat and worry it entailed; but as in the case of the Christmas season, we leave such 'wondering till afterwards. So Christ mas and elaborate dinners alike are still an institution among us. The sudden change in the weather on New Yeair's evening made nothing more evident than the fact that people are not to be turned from their holiday purpose by anything short of a blizzard or a bush-fire, and it is doubtful whether this, unless most uncommonly serious, would cause more than a tem porary diversion. Everyone who knows anything about metropolitan holiday resorts, knows, too, that however boun tifully Nature has provided it with picturesque or health-giving properties, man has behaved like a nigard in regard to providing the facilities other than those of cheap or easy transit, to enjoy them. Some of these resorts are blessed in foliage and shade, which in the Summer time here are more than grateful, as long as weather keeps fine enough to let excursionists far from home enjoy them; butswhen such weather as that of New Year's evening and celebration day is that which comes along, matters assume an altogether different complexion. Yet, in spite of this, knowing that trees and foliage alike are resting places for rain-drops in millions, and that the ground beneath is as damp and danger ous as ground can be; that seaside resorts are, with but two or three -exceptions, unprovided with shelter. eo-ss.as wamrtý . si- oha ý50 n ua.5-'as sniffs were premonitory symptoms of what they would have to pay for their New Year outing, out they turned in thousands, prepared to face every thing but disappointment. There is but one such holiday in the year, and that is always made the most of. Still, had almost anyone of those holiday crowds been asked to go on any errand that was not so important as to render them oblivious to everything else there would. have been many a look at the weather, many an objection raised, but when picnicking was in the question nothing objectionable could be seen. It just shows how we can adapt ourselves to circumstances when it pleases us. New Year's Day did not tempt me out, 'tis true. The sea breeze was inhaled from an upper story widow, but not that sea breeze which wanders around and about the Reilly Street drain, and the vagaties of the weather watched very contentedly from safe shelter and sure, where a good stoie of books and a couple of frolicsome kittens helped to pass the time away. But relentless fate decrees that whether we be com fortable and cosy, or things are going crotchetty and cross, but more particu larly when they are in the former con dition, we must turn from it all and get us to home and duty. So it came that though I did not again see the picnickers who had left that house that morning vowing to enjoy them selves, even if they got blown to pieces in the attempt, I saw others- those gathering at the stations for the early trains, those who had come in from the hills, and those who had carried out their intention of picnicking in ferny dells-they were all there, some damp, children decidedly dirty, but all satisfied that they had done their, duty ' as `far:'is'New'.Year's'?day-Bws ·con cerned. As for the weather, the com plaints of it, the incipient colds laid to its account, the breezes there were over its exhaustless nature, would have made weather of themselves, .but would have made no converts to the theory of arranging holiday outings with a "weather permitting" clause in invites and arrangements. , Perhaps it would be more honored in the breach than the observance,-but it would prevent many a breach of good faith' and it would also give tlhe observers of human nature an opportunity of seeing whether people really would refrain from outings and picnickings in weather un suited for it, "if they hadn't made arrangements," or not. It is very seldom the recipe column ever attracts my attention, partly from being almost a vegetarin, partly from almost entire lack of interest in it. Although what we eat and what we Sdrink makes us largely what we are, yet it seems to me that Nature's law of plain living is the one thlat humanity can least afford to violate. VWhen, howevei- some chance word or thought draws attention to that column, the variety of produce aind condiments the average human being manages to. assi Ssnilate:is' tha iWhich most astonishes. Where does the need for it all come in ? And .why will those who suffer all the agonies of indigestion and know why they do so, still persist in indulging in highly-seasoned rich foods and unsuit able liquids I It does not say much for that sense and light of reason on which we pride ourselves so highly. The lower orders of animals, over which man claims dominion and superiority, are certainly not the inferior in regard to dietary discri mination. But the time when man will live on "Food plain and pare, but of the best, Gain appetite, and system rest." seems as yet afar off. He will taste of everything and all sorts of things combined, and the wonder is that appetite has not become a thing of the past, more often than it does, long be fore the prime of life is reached, and the feminine lover, or devotee of the table, who has so muche less in the way of exercise and pursuits, to take her attention off it; how does she sur vive the varieties and quantities of rich and unsuitable food, she manages to dispose of in even a comparatively short life It is well to cook daintily, and more than well to be able to place an appettsing meal on the table, but dainty is a far remove from rich. The one signifies all that is delicate and light, nourishing and digestible, the other the very opposite. Another thing variety in food is too often taken to mean as many varieties as can conveniently be placed on t:;e table at once, and being thereon means many guests to indulge a little in all which amounts to a very great deal more than isgood for them at last, though it is almost unconsciously partaken of at times. Ov-mmuch and over-rich food, according to an emminent authority is, " Fire to the head, and to the feet, Lea,:." This, however, has taken away from that which drew me recipewards. It was Paradise Pudding. Now, whatever induced anyone to bestow that name upon it? About the last idea that would come into one's head in connection with Paradise, is pudding. A pudding in Paradise ! what a jumble of the spiritual and material is here. There may be people who find Paradise in a pudding while they are eating it, but a pudding in Paradise, where we have always imagined cooks would cease from troubling and eaters be at rest. What a disillusioner is here! It takes us back to the days (or was it evenings ) when legs of mutton, hams and such like solid favors, floating in the mid and mysterious air which surrounded seances, were regarded as proofs that spirits summoned were rear. These spirits by the way, havinr, as a rule, been distinguished in c ith life by poetic, artistic or almost inspired religious gifts, into which the con templation of legs of mutton or ham are not supposed to enter, and wh:ch, like Paradise Pudding, do not seem quite in accord with. the "eternal fitness of things." A-:? aiurr:oo? monnnmm imtnorions5sa ' trallan girl, sums up (his esitiments, let us hope) in the words "Beautiful, brainy and bright," one here born has enlarged thus "Beautiful, brainy and bright," The girls of the southern sphere, Heads steady, u. d warm hearte light, Strangers to ev'ry fear. Saunny in nature, helpful and brave, Careles of caustom, free as the wave, Steps light as snowdrift, hands strong and deft, The girls of Australia in sunshine are weft. Beauteous not only in features, But frankness of nature and truth; Brightest of earth's human creatures, Ideal of girlhood and youth. Brimful of mischief, lovers of fnn, csughter like mnasic, evil to shun, Songsters from birth, and lays in the dance, With sunshine imprisoned in ev'ry bright glance, With which compliment to start, with as a New Year's gift, the 'Australian girl should find in progressing to wards the next incentives many to. realising this poetic picture of herself. 