TOWN TALK To-day's " Geelong Advertiser" con tains six pages,'or forty-eight columns. Our Melbourne letter, together with other matters of interest,will be found on , the front page. A resident of Bui Inn, who is thoroughly acquainted with the Qeelong watershed areu, informs us that u splendid body of water is impounded above the weir on the Moorabool river. This is stated to be of the most excellent quality, and our in formant is surprised that steps have not beon taken to pump it into the pipes from the weir to the reservoir. It is out of the question to think of turning for tem porary needs to Barwon river water, 70 drops of which were shown by the analysis of Professor Allen to contain 11,000 festive microbes, and the depart mental officers should ascertain for them selves if there is sufficient water abovo the Moorabool weir to justify the erection of a pumping plant at that locality. A local party, accompanied by Mr W. Gurr, M.L.A., is going up this morning (o the head works of the Geolong suppiy. Men who are ont of employment in Geelong will not bo overlooked in con nection with the construction of the open channel from the Stonoy Creek reservoir to the Upper Eastern Moorubool. An assurance to that effect was received yesterday from tbo Premier by Mr \V. Gurr, M.Xj.A., who interested himself in the matter, with the object of getting a fair sharo of tho work for the unemployed men of the laboring class in Geelong. The barque Olga cast moorings at the Yarra-street pier yesterday, and went alongside the Cambusdoon, preparatory to taking up a berth at the railway pier. The Tinto Hill, which received an addi tion to her "stiffening" of wheat yes terday, will also remove to the railway pier early next week to complete her shipment of wheat. Fair work was done for the day in the matter of loading the Cambusdoon, Hugo Molenaar, and An tonie, which are shipping cargoes of grain at the railway pier. The wheat arrivals by rail yesterday represented 8372 bags. In another column will bo found a report of an importunt conference held at Ballarat last evening in reference to tho Mildura railway extension, for which we are indebted to the courtesy of the Ballarat "Courier," from whom we received it by telephone. The steamers Ago and Federal, owned by Messrs.TV. Howard Smith and Sons and Huddart, Parker and Co. respectively, cleared out from this port yesterday with cargoes of produce for Sydney, New castle and Queensland ports. Both boats earned 26,341 bags and 200 bales of chaff, in addition to other classes of produce, and tho transfer of this to their holds left a big gap in the stack that had accumu lated on the Yarra-street pier during the week. The Ouraka (Adel&ido; S.S. Co.), arrived in tho bay in the afternoon, and she is to.depart some time to-day with a consignment of produce. Under instructions from the Lands department, Mr Malcolm Taylor, the district land officer, has made a valuation of tlie site occupied by the lockup, at the corner of Moorabool and Corio streets, the Savings Bank authorities being desirous 'of securing an additional front* age of 16ft for their promises. Tho upset price for tho land has been fixed by Mr Taylor at £30 per foot, and it is under stood that the Savings Bunk authorities will acquire the portion for which they have been in treaty at that valuation. Tho . salo of the land will mvolvo the removal of tho lockup, and arrangements will doubtless be made at an early date for the erection of a moro suitable struc ture upon land at tho rear of the police court, comprised within the area now vested in the Postal department. . Consequent upon tho recent raios, the" Barwon river has risen about 2ft, with the result that the sides of the temporary breakwater, erected near tho entrance to the lakes to prevent salt water from coming tip tho river, have been washed away. The middle portion is in a very sbaky condition, und will be carried away with the slightest rise of the river. This is a result contemplated by the Publio Works department when it made provi sion for the execution of the work, and the expenditure) under tho circumstances was absurd. Whilst the breakwater was in course of construction, it was repre sented on behalf of the Connewarre Yacht Club that t.he barrier would be - a source of considerable inconvenience to persons going up and down the river in boats. Mr J. F. Levien, M.L.A., sought to induco tho department to make some additions that . would facilitate the haulage of boats across the barrier, but the refusal to incur any outlay in that direction was justified by the department on the ground that the work was of a temporary, character,1 to meet a temporary need, and that the breakwater would bo swept away by tho first flood. As state:! above, the prediction has already received fulfilment. Heavy shipments of produce were uiado from Portarliugton yesterday by tho ! steamers Courier and Excelsior, both [ vessels as a consequence being delayed considerably in their departure for; Mel bourne. Now -that tho dredge John Ninimo lias finished operations on the west sideof the Portarlington: pier to : a depth, of 20ftat low tide by 150ft wide, an effort is to Le made by the shippers and farmers of the district to induce the steamboat owners to send an intercolonial boat to tako produce for ports outsido MolbonriVo once a week during lhe busy season. ?, ? ? ? A pony attached lo a small cart belonging to Mr M'Cartm, butcher, of Moorabool-strect, bolted from the shop yesterday.afternoon about half-past five. When turning into Little Ryrio street it Wouebt the vehicle into collision with a post on the corner near Mr J. Daniel's ironmongery establishment. The cart was capsized, and the pony was recap tured before it could do any further damage. Portion of the bottom of the cart wan knocked out, but otherwise tho conveyance was undamaged. A short arid unimportant cause list was dealt with at the police court yesterday morning before Messrs Patterson, P.M., ond Smyth and Hamilton, J's.P. A female inebriate was discharged, ntid in a number of undefended debt cases verdicts were given for tho amounts claimed with costs. Several bushfires on a small scale that originated mysteriously at Marcus Hill have been made the subject of exhaustive inquiries by tho police, who are satisfied that they were not caused maliciously. Carelessness in throwing down lighted matches amongst dry grass duiing hot weather seems to have accounted for the origin of the fires in most cases, but no direct evidenco could bo obtained to justify proceedings against the offenders. It is to be hoped (writes tho " Ballarat Courier") that either the Victorian Go vernment has no moro old and useless guns to give away, or that the city 1 fathers "will cease to acquire them, for tho ' game is very ^expensive for the rate payers. The four guns and material in tho enclosure in front of tho city hall cost a pretty penny, but the latest addition to the city's park of useless artillery is even deorer. The following is tho bill so far for the mass of useless old iron which, taken from the Cerberus, now graces tho lawu hear the caterer's pavilion at the gardensRailway freight, etc., £22; cost of road carriage from the station to the gardens, £35 ; cement, £4 12s; con tract for placing in position, £15; total, £77 12s. Fancy £77 12s for such an oh-, iect! The annual meeting o£ the Ballatat Turf Club took place yesterday, aud added interest was lent to the racing through tho promotion of a "Tatter sail's " Consultation on the Bullarat Cop, which closed with 30,000 subscribers as compared with 17,000 on tho Australian Cup recently. This creditable result was due to the patriotism of tho Ballarat people, who held a large proportion of tho sweep tickets. Tho Ballarat Cup, for which tho prize money was 200 sovs, run over a distance of a mile and a half, was won by Mr J. Bryan's Missing Link, W. Hill's Austerlitz and D. S. "Wallace's Model being second and third. The Armourer, owned by Mr W. H. Jones, the president of Bunnockburn shire, started in tho event. Au opportunity of stocking the family larder at bargain rates will be found in the Mechanics' Hall this ovening in con nection with the wind-up of the Agricul tural Fair. Tho unsold goods at tho stalls comprise fruit, vegetables, butcher's meat, poultry, and all kiuds of dairy produce, the latter being tho pick of the stock from which it was selected by tho donors. It will all bo cleared by auction in small lots at 8.45 this evening. At noon to* day there will be a clearance o! grain and produce to be put up for sale in a marquee at the rear of the stage. The acceptance o£ a contract for tho extension shore wards of t he eastern side of tho Moorabool-atreet jettj has been delayed on account of the fact that the lowest tender ivas in excess of £700, tho amouut voted for tho work. Mr Qurr, M.L.A., interviewed tho head of tho Public Works department yesterday in reference1 to tho matter, tho outcome of his representation being tho acceptance of tho lowest tender, that of J. M'Coy and Son. at £750, for tho performance of tho contract. Tlio steamer Excelsior will rnako a special trip to-niovrow morning, leaving tho filoora bool wharf nt 10 o'clock, proceeding direct to Melbourne, and svitl leave Melbourne on tho return journey at G p.m. The vest-el will not call at l'urtarlingluu. A congregutioual wolonmo of a very licarly description wiib tondeied ut tlio A.N.A. Hall last evening to tlio Rev. W. M'Carroll, tlio new pat-tor of tho Reformed Presbyterian Church in Funwiok-street. Tho building was crowded, and clergymen of other places of worship woro amongst tlioto who occupied seats upon tho platform. Mr Patterson, who ministered to the congregation during the time that tho pastorate was vacant, intro duced tho rev. gentleman in very cordial torms, and addresses of welcome were also given by tho Revs. J. Sinolair and A. David son, and Pastor Hoyer, of tho Lutheran Church at Germantown. Duriugan interval in theproccedings a bandsomonetof electroplated entree dishes were presented as a wedding gift to tho Rev. W. M'Carroll and bis wife. The plate, which was supplied from the establishment of D. Murray, of Ryrie-street, was suitably engraved, and Mr Brown, precentor at the Reformed Presbyterian Church, mado tho presentation on behalf of tho congregation. Mr M'Carroll feelingly acknowledged tho kindly wolcomo that had been extended to his wife and himself, and thanked tlio congregation for tho liandsorao present. Refreshments woro handed voand before tho eloso of the proceedings. It may be mentioned that Mr M'Carroll, who was educated in America, was uppointed to tlio charge of tho Reformed Presbyterian Church in Geelong by tho Irish synod of that deno mination. An elderly lady whilst returning to her home in Chilwell on Wednesday evening was knockcd down in Gheringhap-strect by a cyclist, who showed his contempt for cor poration by-laws by riding without light or bell. Tho victim of his recblesiraeps had 110 warning wlmtovcr of tho approach of tho tcorchor, whoso identity is known, i»nd pro ceedings will doubtless follow. A foreigner named Stabloy Whnmonda, 40 years, who is temporarily engaged on the railway wharf in sampling wheat, was jnmbed botweon tho ItiHera of trucks on tlio pier yesterday morning, and he sustained injuries which detained him as an in.patitnt in tho hospital. A hoy named John Frccmun, 14, residing in Bond-streot, Chilwell, alto attended at tho hospital, whoro ho received treatment for a wound of tho wrist, caused by his falling when engaged in gathering mushrooms. Tho House committee of tho Ucclotifi Protestant Orphan Asylum accepted the following tenders yostcrday for supplies to the institution for a term:-Bread, H. W. Potter : groceries, E. J. Hooper und Co. ; meat, J. W. Brunch. Several tenders were received in each instanoe, and tbero was very little difference between tho highest and lowest amounts. - . The annual movahlot ommiltcoof the Man chester TJuity Independent Order of Oau fellows continued their sittings at Bairnsaalo yesterday, and postponed until next year tho consideration of tho matter of tho investment of the society's funds. ?Inc election of ofliccro resulted iu Bro. A. Whitehead being clcctcd us Grand Master, and Bro. Sicrnborg, M.L.C., (is Deputy Grand Master. At a local option court held nt Shopparum yesterday morning, it was dccided to closo 14 hotels out of 28, in accordanco with Ino voting at tho recent polls. Under this decision Mooroopua will havo only three hotels instead of eight, and Tatura three in stead of eoven. Tho man Edward Litton Carus Wilson, a suspect in tho Oxley (Queensland) murn< r ease, has been committed for trial on two chargcs of unnatural offenoos. . Tho vintage which is oxpectcd to bo agoM averago one, has been commenocd at Air Hans Irvine's vineyard, at Great Western The mobilo press imported by Mr Irvioo i« ?putting through two tons and a half per A 6trango document has been received by tho local police authorities from im Amcnwn lady, who is endeavoring to learn Kjroctnuig about lior parents, from whom. slio lias separated for 27 years. A photograph of ' lady has the following words printed upon ". I-" This is the portrait of a lady, now a 30 years of nge, who, about the ago ° . years, was separated from her par i by unknown people, who "ouaht to Canada. Sbo thinks her parents livid « Wolverhampton, England, nt tho toe die_«*" stolen, but doesn't remember her father sniiu She can remember her father as wearing kind of a uniform ; also remeraberai of h a nutBe; also that her mother was dead or had died just a short time, previous , to . her being stolen. Anyone who can give any information, or who knowa of any such occurrence, 'will confer a favor by addre?sing the daughter, who goes under tho'namo of,- and is known as: Minnie Jackson, 'Woodland, Wash , U.S.A., Cowlitz County." . ' Tlio liov. A. N. Marshall, B.A j who con ducts the services at -the Aberdeen- street Baptist Church to-morrow is a. preacher who is winning a position of large influence in the neighborhood of Toorak' and Armadale, where ho ministers. Ho lecturos on Monday on the Spanish-American war in the Aberdeen- street Baptist Church, and Mr G. P: Barber, J.P.,of Stay wood Park, Wnrrnambool, will iUustrato tlio lecture with a splendid series of slides. The pictures arc illustrative of the most thrill ing incidents in tlio short but docisive conflict. The tickets are, for adults Is, children 6d. Messrs H. Blomileld Brown and Co. will sell in the rooms on Tuesday next, 28th inst., at 2 o'clock, very good collection of furnituro and effects, on account of a gentleman who bas left Goolong. Mr \V. P. Cnrr will hold n sate of building sites to-day at Queenscliff, at 2 o'clock, by order of tho executor in the estate of Wm. Sheolian, deceased. Messrs Shrimpton and Strong will sell . by auction this day, at 3 o'clock, w.b. liouso and land at Munday-streot, South Geelong. Tho attention of farmers, graziers and others is called to tho sale to-day, at 12 o'clock, at the salo yards, Ryrio-Btreet, by Messrs Robin soil, Bums and Sparrow, of 1000 acres in four farms, at Gnarwarre, about 12 miles from Geelong, by order of Mr M. Coogan. The treasurer of tho Geelong "Try" Boys' Brigailo gratefully acknowledges £1 from tho wood carving class, per Miss M'Phillimy. Messrs Mathews and Harrison, of Bendigo, notify in our advertising columns that tboy commcnca tho practice of their profession in Geelong onrlv nest month, in Hopetoun Cham bers. We understu.d theso gentlemen hold first-class testimonials, and arc thoroughly up to-date dental practitioners, bringing a good record from Bendigo, and tho Northern dis trict. It will be noticed by advertisement elsewhere that Mr H. B. Keid, of Victoria Chambers, Moorabool-street, has been appointed agent for the Mannheim Marino Insurance Company, and can effect inariuo insurances at tho lowest current rates. ' Mr Tempest, pianoforte tuner, will visit Gee long early next week, and orders may bo loft with Mr Summerfield Jones, Moorabool-street. Tliu annual meeting of tho Nowtown Foot bill club will bo hold on Monday evening at the Gold Diggers' Hotel, Skone-street. Messrs Laird and Barlow invito tonders for briok alterations and additions to the Mecha nics' Institute. The annual meeting of tho Geelong District Coursing Club will be held at the Union Club Hotel on Tuesday next, at 8 p.m. 