THE MERCURY. HOBART : FRIDAY, SEPT. 15, 1899. EPITOME OF NEWS. Annual meeting Break o'Day cricket club this evening. Annual meeting of Anchorage Home this afternoon. Meeting of Hobart Teachers' Guild, Town-hall, committee-room, this evening. Fisheries Commissioners propose alter- ing the close season for flounders. Colonel Legge complains of trout poach- ing in the neighbourhood of St. Mary's. Launceston Chamber of Commerce actively concerned about the trade of the port. Meeting of ladies in Launceston yester- day lesolved to cable sympathy to Madame Dreyfus. Hopes expressed that Hobart ladies will also do so. Dreyfus reported to be now a physical wreck. Racehorses on board wrecked steamer Thermopylie have been saved. New Zealand legislators have cabled ex- pression of sympathy to Madame Dreyfus. A universal boycott has set in against France on account of the Dreyfus Iniquity. Guerin's garrison rovictuallcd by an over-head rope connection. G ci man Consul at Pretoria talking vnln-gloriously. Mr. Lyno has formed lils new Ministry, with himself Premier and Treasurer. Victorian property in estate of late Sir Archibald Michie, va'ued at ¿'19,739. Hurricane at Bermudas has caused loss, estimated at half a million sterling. British Geographical Association has voted £1,000 for Antaiclic exploration. Further details of Mr. Chamberlain's despatch to Tiansvaal noted in cables. Some Irishmen on the Rand and at Pre- toria offer military »ei vice to the Boers. Lyne Ministry considered -strong and safe with Labour Party co-operation. Nearly all insurance companies repre- sented in Australia have risks on the Thermopylae Steamer Tekoa is to be temporarily re- paired nt Falkland Island, and then taken to Monte Video. One hundred and twenty medical men expected to uttend Congress at Brisbane ilext week. Czar specially directed that officers and' crow of H.M.S.Melita should be hospitably entertained at Odessa. Westralian Legislativo Council to be increased from 24 to 30 members, and Assembly from 44 to 50. Sydney Chamber of Commerce favours proposal for intercolonial conference on the Federal Tariff question. Eight Hundred British soldiers on voyage to Bombay have been ordered to land at the Cape. News from Bamboo Creek shows that attack by natives on Braeside station was repulsed by manager's wife, who bravely filed at the savages. Cape Afrikanders anticipate that Trans- vaal will accept Mr. Chamberlain's terms, while leaving the suzerainty question in abeyance._ IN the House of Assembly yesterday, A petition was presented from JOHNSTONE BROS., of Hobart, protesting against worsted yarns imported for manu- facturing purposes only being placed on the list of exemptions. The ATTORNEV-GENERAL presented a petition in favour of the establishment of courts of conciliation and arbitration hi the colony. The PREMIER said the proclamation under the Vegetution- Diseases Act ex- tended to the sub-ports of the colouy. The Rocky River Tramway Bill passed its final stages. Some time was spent in the discussion of the railway estimates In Committee of Supply. An attempt to increase the salary of the locomotive superintendent was not successful, but the Minister promised attention next year. Customs Duties Bill was then taken in committee, the PREMIER abandoning his projected action ns to the duty on butter und lard, and substituting a reduction ¡ti the duty on Sugar from £0 to £1 per ton. A general discussion ensued as to the financial position of the colony, before and utter Federation, and in tho end the lower duty on sugar was carried by 19 to 0. Other unimportant changes were made mid the bill reported with amendments. The Jury Bill was rund n second time. At 11 p.m. the House adjourned until 4 o'clock next day. HAZDirrhas said that public-opinion is the moat gigantic ring everformed tosee fair-play between man and man. To a certain extent, no doubt, the simile is a happy one, though, unfortunately, public-opinion is untrustworthy and tickle, for the fear of exposure is one of the most powerful of the influences which tend to preserve public-life from rottenness and cor- ruption. In these days the news- papers play a considerable part in the regulation of public-morals, as may be learned from the fact that those hardest hit and most restrained are in the habit of declaring that they pay no attention to the press, but we now see quite another development, and one which could only have taken place within the last few years. In ancient days, in days, indeed, which are not ancient, there were public scandals, such as manifest miscarriages of justice, which by denrées ran round the world, but the lime required was so long, that the origiusl evil got beyond correction, and uew events had occurred to excite the minds of the Dations or awaken their sympathies. But, to-day the general verdict comes close upon the doing of the wrong. The secoud con- viction of Diir.YTUS occurred but a day or two ago, and already France is aware that she is condemned by the whole world, and that she stands a fair chance of being boycotted by the general sense of outraged peoples, a world shocked at the manifest denial of justice, and the pursuit of a phantom of military glory in- stead of a search for the true and the right. More than 200 years ago there was a somewhat similar case in France, but then it was an out- burst of religious fanaticism, which took the form of houndiug to a hideous and terrible death a Pro- testant in Toulouse, and the practical destruction of his family. We referred a few weeks ago to the famous case of JEAN CALAS, ti respectable tradesman of Toulouse, who in 17G2 was accused of the murder of his own sou, a young mnn of dissipated habits, sub- ject to fits of melancholy, who was found hanging in his father's ware- house. Popular rumour, how started no one ever knew, accused the father and other membors of the family of having murdered the young man, "because he had contemplated con- version to Catholicism," and the wildest reports were current amongst a .population which was Catholic even to bigotry. CALAS and his family were tried for the murder, and several witnesses were brought forward, some of whom are known to have been suborned, while the defence was held by calm observers to be con- clusive. . Nothing availed, however, against the passions that had been excited, to which the clergy con- tributed not a little. CALAS was broken on the wheel, his son was com- pelled to abjure Protestantism, and his daughters were sent to a convent. The widow escaped to Swi'zerland, where she excited the pity of VOMAIIIE, who reviewed the whole case, and proved that CALAS had been the victim of popular fanaticism. A re- vision of the trial took place, and in 1765 the Parliament of Paris de- clared CALAS and all his family innocent. Louis XV. gave 30,000 livres to the family, but nobody was punished for having perverted justice in so outrageous a manner. The case attracted, after a time, the attention of Europe, and is constantly quoted now in the more .independent French papers as a parallel to that of DREYFUS. The parallel, however, seems to us to be altogether against the present flagrant perversion of the administration of justice. We know that under religious mania or prejudice whole nations have gone astray, and have believed the most outrageous things, somewhat as we see now in Europe the tide of popular opinion turned against the Jew». Only quite recently the French and Italian papers were full of the wildest absurdities about Freemasons, and actually gave implicit credence to a tale about a young woman having been married to a devil in a Free- mason's lodga All this is bad enough, but it is not so bad as the settled determination to do an innocent man to death, for the sake of trying to make the world believe that a set of military ruffians are not scoundrels of the deepest dye. Men and women who think that their immortal souls and those of their children aro at stake may be excused for much excitement, and even forthat blind fury which leads to " treason, stratagems, and spoils." Sir THOMAS MORE, one of the most virtuous men of his day, persecuted in the name of religion, and thought that he was doing his duty ; while Sir MATTHEW HALE, a mild and meek Christian, sent so called witches to the stake with considerable unction. History is full of such well-meant enormities, all carried out by men who are all the more bitter in proportion that they are sincere, nor are their motives difficult to understand. Grant them their premises, and they are logical and con- sistent, and fully justified in their own minds. But, that there should be a widespread conspiracy to destroy an unhappy victim, a conspiracy extending over a large portion of the people aud the press of France, in order to pre- serve the presiige of the army, sur- passes in infamy anything that can be found in those bloody chapters of history in which- wo find the records of persecution. It is without parallel amongst the things which the French call banah. It has no excuse in deep spiritual conviction, or in fear for the future of others. It is essentially a question of appearances, and a false notion of honour, which does duty amongst a people without faith, true earnestness and conviction. Con- sider, said the suicide HENRY, the army before all things. Such a religion, for it is a relig-oii in its way, is about the most degrading ever yet preached, for the only moral it incul- cates is, keep up an outward appear- ance and care nothing for the inward rottenness which it may conceal. According to our latest telegrams, it seems probable that the fate of DREYFUS and CALAS will not be very dissimilar. In these days people are not broken on the wheel, as was the custom in the good, old times, but he is surely being done to death. The brutal history of his treatment in the Ile du Diable is to be supplemented by a slower and equally certain torture, the result of the perception that he is in a net of conspiracy from which he is powerless to escape. Whether ZOLA will prove to be another VOLTAIRE and get justice done in the end, even though too late to save the victim, remains to be seen, but there is no Parliament in Paris now to undo the wrong, but rather one that is subservient to the very vices which have led the generals on from lie to lie, trick to trick, forgery to forgery, and have n?vv placed them before the whole world na perverters of justice and falsifiers of evidence. In this instance we have the remarkable result that the whole of the (acts come at once, unsoftened by ti e lapse of time, and unsophisticated by the difficulties of communication. This is in itself a great moral les-on, which may have in it more than we a-e able to perceive at the present tim 3. It may mean a moral court of arbitration ; a court not formally v con ttitttted, but which gives its verdict with calm decision and irresistible force. Should this new development of general opinion awaken France to a sense of her shame, and induce her to undo, for her repu- tation's sake, the wrong that has been done, it will stand as a moral triumph brought about by the physical progress achieved at the ond of the nineteenth century. _ Tun Report of the new Chief Forest Officer and Bailiff of Crown Lands, ap- pended to tlio Report of the Surveyor General, is of some interest as dealing with the timbered lands and the saw-milling interest. The Huon and Channel are the chief saw-milling districts of the colony, where there are now no less than 25 saw- mills at work, the largest number that has ever been at work in this district at one time. There appears to be a brisk demand for timber for the West Coast, the other colonies and South Africa, but it is stated that the prices offered for the last named place are very low, so low that the millers do not care much about accepting oulcrs. There is expected tobe agoou time coming with the advent of Federation, for then the duty which shuts so much Tasmanian timber out of Victoria will be lemoved, and a new and large maiket will be opened. According to the rejioit, there has been a great deal of laxity in the taking out of licenses for tro.niron.ds, etc., and it seems that millowners are being "rounded up," and being called upon to f 111 li 1 the requite inents of the law. In the timber reserve extending from Fianklinnnd the Esper- ance Uiver to the Hartz range theie aie esti- mated to be 30,000 acres of timber land available for the savvmiller, though large quantities have been destroyed by fire. Some stiingent measures should be taken to stop these bush-fires, which are nearly always caused by caielosiucss or reckless- ness, for extensive areas of fine timber are destroyed by them. It is not easy to say what can be done, hut some further measures in the way of prevention are clearly necessary. The report states that there are " in many places some line belts of sapling timber which have sprung up on lamí from whicli the matured trees have been removed years since." It is evident that careful attention should be given to the renewal of the forests, for the colony has in them a most valuable property, the value of whicli will increase year by year. This is one of the matters which have been in a very loose state for a long time past, and it would be well if tile Minister of Lands could devise, or get devised, some settled plan of work, so that our forests may be conserved. With proper management they would bo inex- haustible, and bring in wealth permanently t/i the colony. Tim South has a fortune in its timber, but the waste and destruction which go on in many ways aro enormous. ! TilKltK is a decidedly comic aspect about the suggestion of Mr. Gilmore that the Tasmanian House of Assembly, as at present constituted, should set itself up as an arbiter in the Dreyfus case, and as the instigator of united action on the part of these colonies, to move the Queen and British Government to do their duty. There is a line of propriety to be observed which will at once suggest itself to thoso who are even embryo students of such matters. Moreover, at such a dis- tance as this fiom the scene of events there can be no certainty that the full knowledge and appreciation of all the surrounding facts havo yet been arrived at, especially so far as the latest proceed- ings aie concerned, and as a false step would simply, as tile Premier said, throw the colony open to contempt, the impru- dence of the act into which Mr. Gilmore sought to lead Parliament carnes its own condemnation with it. That is Iron: tno broad standpoint which the member for George Town sought for t»e n.omH\,TJ assume. From the lo.nl point «« y"ew« *"}a with but small regard for the prop«'.0"; scivationof parliamentary etiquette, it is hardly tonccivablo that a private member should have taken upon himself what should have been a Ministerial proceeding, adopted after due cunsulci allon in Cabinet AncL.evcn, so far as Parliament is con corned, possibly also after consultation with the leader of tho Opposition So that the rehuir which was given was richly deserved, and the 1'rcunei is to bo congratulated on for once arising to the occasion and preventing even the po-.si bility of the House taking a false, step Private members have, no doubt been lured into independent action bj tho fashion in winch Ministers have on many occasions abrogated their functions Hut it would be ridiculous to suppose that great nationnl movements, such as Mr Gilmore con templated, coul 1 be safely allowed to pio ceed on such irresponsible lines Even if they did get such compassionate trcalinint, for one reason 01 othei, they must assuredly collapse in suhse juent stages, and bo most assuicdly also laughed into oblivion CAlttun, as newspapers may be, they aro always hablo to be hoaxed by silly people who send in prepaid advertisements which look, on their face, harmless enough, but which aro nothing but ill natural attacks upon someone else in the district An announcement of tins class found its way into our columns lust woek about a lady m the Brighton district the only s itisfactoiy feature about which was that it failed a good deal in its venom , a further causo for rejoicing amongst decent people who know of the circumstances being that a clue lo tho author and peipetrator of the wrong is in the hands of the police, and it it can bo sheeted home, the would be mischief maker vv ill bo brought to justice No words vv ould bo too strong to uso m reprobation of such proceedings as aro connected with these insidious attacks on private character, which, while giving a little temporary amusement to a few, may millet injuatico and wrong upon iiersons who are commonly held in the highest public reputation For it is the good natuied and benevolent individual who is generally sought out by anyone in trouble who is usually also singled out tor malicious slurs, such as an anonymous announcement can give. The black sheep of a township is naturally jealous of those who, by their innate good qualities, soar above bim in the race of life ; and they Hing some mud, as boys will do against a new wall, con- tent even if the greater part falls again on to the pathway, so long as some of it sticks of its own inherent pastiness, and not because the site suited it. Tasmanian people will believe that no stone will hu left unturned on our part to aid the police in bringing the offenders to tho punishment they so richly deserve. Our only regret is that offenders are generally as cunning as they ure spiteful, and as a rule lay their traps so that they leave no trace behind them that can be placed before the Justices. THERE was a little mild cheering in the House of Assembly on Wednesday afternoon when Mr. Hall got his Rocky River Tram- way Bill through in a quarter of an hour, which is claimed to be record time for such a feat. The satisfaction so expressed was rather dimmed by a point elicited by Mr. Evans ; the point being, that there was so much uncertainty about one clause that it liad better be left to be altered in " another place," a recognition of tho usefulness of the other Chamber, which is as incon- gruous, as it is illustrative of want of care in preparation. On this point the Attor- ney- General disclaimed the responsibility usually accepted by the occupant ot t.ie office for the contents of measures brought before the House, and as there appeared to be no one wdio would accept the onus, the work waa left for the other Cham- ber to do. As to Rocky River itself, and its claims for a tiatmvay, they are simple and direct. It has no ulterior design on any Government service, nor does it require any land grant beyond a plot sufficient for it to place its seaport buildings upon, and as there lias been un- wavering agreement by tho Rocky River Co. with some points of construction and equipment of the line, it had the warm championship of the Minister for Railways as well as of the members generally. The tramway is wanted merely to get the 010 of the company to the seaboard, and it is to be constructed during the coming summer months, so that there may bo no unnecessary delay in working the property. Even now the bill should be made complote, and that course should bo insisted on before the measure takes its departure. THE Premier can hardly have understood what is required of liim in regard to the tax on entires. The reason for tho step, placed before him at the annual meeting of the Southern Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Society, was that it was desired to improve the bieeds of various classes of stock, and to that end -it was also asked that the proceeds of the levy might be de- voted to that purpose. The amounts which the Premier now suggests to Parliament 40/ for stallions and 10/ for bulls-will be simply useless for cither purpose. No fund of suflicient dimensions can bo raised by such an impost to do any good to breed, nor will the sums mentioned act as a de- terrent to the keeping of mongrels, which now «to so much harm in a district. Uti pat iotio owners will simply pay and look I pleasant, convinced that they are getting a I fin ther lease of life at very moderate cost, in spite of the pleadings of thoso who desire to see a better state of things brought to pass, anti thankful that the Premier did not appreciate what was required of bim, that, is, a substantial tax lo prevent the keeping of inferior animals. . THE "sacred right of petition" is in a bad way in the Assembly Chamber, So bad that when Mr. Crisp said on Wednesday afternoon that he had recommended Hobart taxpayers not to bother about such things, as they were only put on one side as not requiring notice. Members generally laughed at Wie assertion as if it was quite true, and a good joke at that. The rellccliou is not altogetlmr a pleasant one, however. The same tendency to ignoro the right of the people to make its voice heard in Parliament, a light which has been recognised from earliest times in all constitutionally-ruled com- munities, has developed lately into the claim that Parliament can extend its own life beyond tho period assigned lo it by the electors. Carelessness in little things has induced carelessness in much greater ones. One right snceicd at has made others seem of light esteem. A return to proper be- haviour must commence with the small tilings, such as petitions, the treatment of which is not creditable to the Parlianibnt nor fair to the public. I ENGLISH MAILS.-A good deal of disap- pointment was expressedyesterday in com- mercial circles at the non-receipt of the English mails, which are now generally looked for on Thursday mornings. The Post Office notice of the 12th intimated that the English mail would be delivered hero on Thursday morning ; nevertheless, the steamer did not arrive in Adelaide in timo to enable our mails apparently to catch the steamer for Launceston on rues day. According to the present Post Office firogramme our mails are not to be de ivered till Monday morning. It is quite time the Postmaster-Gotieral woko up to the necessity of studying a little moro the convenience of the general public in con- nection with postal mutters, and study less'' the Post Ollice officials. In no other country would such a thing be tolerated as to permit the overdtio English mails to Hu in the Post Ollice here from Saturday till Monday morning. As there does not ap- pear to be any enterprise 01 forethought on the part of the head of the departments, perhaps the Ministerial head will issue instructions for the delivery of the mails on Saturday, after the arrival of the ex- press train. People very naturally com filain of tne short time they have to answer etters, which aro only, as a rule, delivered a few hours before the next English mail goes out Members of Parliament grumbled a good deal a day 01 two n"'o about the estimates of the Post Ollu e, uni seeing the talga amount of money that is expended in this direction, there should hi* a greater consideration shown to the public INDiaicsTioN Is tho lim it of ni nu lent hH or our bodily alimone«, hinco it iiii>ilu"os all kind». of palnx mid HLIICH, both In mind mid body IL'flohiof symptoms uro ITInluloucu, lleudicho puna aboi t tho Btoinuih, «cirliiCH« dnpics sion of Hplrtts, conallpnllon und tho appollic may be bad, or It mu) be nat ural mci there may bo a great feeling of hunger directly after moat* Somotlincv llit.ru ÍH opprcxnlon of tho broalhlng, pilpiudion of tho heart, »I« Ina host romedy is GOULUS DIOHCTIVX POWDFB, a Homoeopathic trituration, which seldom fallu. It Is auld In Hollies at 1/Ü, 1 bottles for ti, and may bo sent nor post any whoiu li. T. UOULD & Co, the HonimopaUaio Pharaucr. 76, Kllzubqth »trout. Hobart. THIS WI'MC'S MAIL PICTOIUYI -The pictures in the prcBcnt week's issue of 1 he Tasmanian Sim/ include views of London "slums," illustrating Article XXIII of "A Trip to Europe, by " C L D ," the scenes chosen being tho New Cut on Saturday morning and Petticoat lane Tho Newnes BorchgrcwnkAntarctu Expedition has two pages of cuts, including special pictures taken during the journey south by Signor Lotus Bernau III, photoirtaphei to tho party , the pa¿¡e of ice scenes te drawn by our own artist Hie cuts include Portrait of Mr E Curston llorchgiewiik , tho depOt at Cape Adare olhccrs quarters, landing stores, Now Year s Daj , tho doL,s ashoie, s s Southern Cross iiebound, "llio pressure is tremendous ' Hie world of leo and its dem/eiiH Hie nick of time, taking an observation Investigating the fauna Ilion there is a stitktng portrait of the late Ven Archdeacon Hogan (with " In mcmoriam notice," by " I L F ") and views of the G I* O Queenstown-1 New olhees 2 Staff of workers STRAHAN MAIHM BOVHD Art uns - Tho transactions of the Strahan Marine Board Committee hate come to a temporary enforced eossatton All the requisite oudeme has been taken, with the e\ecp tion of that of Mr Napier Bell, who is understood to be on his way to the colony In the meantime tho committee hine been given until the 21st inst, to bring up their roport RI-CFI\ ED -The September numbei of tho Austial Ltght, which is to hand, con tams another charming metaphysical and philosophie paper by Miss Anastasia Hall (of Hobart), entitled "Reflections from 1 ¡relight " Miss Hall s natural, flow ing, picturesque style of composition is refresh ing to read after the artificial methods and aflcctcd sentiment so frequently found in the wntingH of women at the present day MibS Manon Miller, Mhoie gtaeeful verses so often appear m this iniie,a/inc, conies forward this month as a pi ose writer, and coutnbutes a very readable sketch called "Jonathan Harwood, 1 P ' Miss Bossle A Baker, of bouth Australia, has an m teresting article on " Wireless Iclcjjiapliy " The R v Dr Kelly pursues ins history of the Greek Schism, and in this number recounts the efloits which ha\e been made for re union w lth Rome The rest of tho matter is up to tho standard of Austial Light liomin Holt nein luitu Socii rv - Hie dallodil and spring Dower show of the Hobart Horticultural Society was con tinned jesterday in the lovvn hall, when there was a good attendance During the afternoon and evening the luvende Orchestra performed selections of music in a creditable way The show was brought to a close last night It may be mentioned here that at the opening ceiemony His Excellency the Administrator of tho Government and party were reteived hv the lion C II Grant M L C , president of the Horticultural Society Alderman Benjamin, president of the committee and Dr L J Crouch and Mr M Mason, lion secretaries The committee, Messrs C Creswell, R Llhott, C L lindlaj, G Luckman L N Murdoch, I Osborne, jim , 1 H Seager, C L Webster hi n treasurer, Mr II Isickolls joint lion secretaries, Dr Crouch and Mr M Mason assistant secretary, R 11 Dicken, all worked assiduously to make the show a success Hie pmc list published yester day enumerated the floral gems of the collection Among the spetial attractions arousinj, admiration were the cinerarias staged by Alderman Benjamin and Mr Mason, the daflodils I y Messrs Mason V N Kay, and CEI indlay , cut daflodils by Messrs Lipscombe, Kay, anil Walker (Launceston exhibitor), trophy by Mr 1 Abbott, cut auriculas and polyanthuses, by Mr & Luckman polyanthuses, by Mi S Bridges, hjncinths, by Mrs l'rety man Messrs L H Pretv man W f I'letyman and E L Morns 1 ito/i s 1 isii - Yesterday afternoon there was a tiood si/ed gathering including, about a dozen members of Parliament (North and South) at Mr Pender s frc/ing works, Macquarie street, to inspect a col lection of English trout taken at the Great Lake which Mia Iishcrics Commissioners proposi tosend to the sevcial Australian Colonies, India, and the Cape for the pur pose of demonstrating the eharactei of the h«h tha are so plentiful m the lasmanian lakes and which ailord such excellent sport 1 tie trout, vaiy nig in weight fro i 81b to 14Jlb , had been frozen in blocks of ice 3ft by 2ft, and about Oin thick, the whole lot of bloiks weighing aboutli ton Ihey were brou"ht out, and placed alongside the gangway, immediately below the large signboard of tho freezing works, whioh depicts the arctic regions of the South, with tile Southern Cross exploration boat among the icebergs off Cape Adare. The frost having been wiped oU'die s>i*Tes of the blocks, the fish showed out brightly through the ice, which lind been made of liTtered water, and were photo- graphed by Mr. J. W. Beattie They will, no doubt', make an exceedingly striking nnd interesting photograph, the only pity being thai/the camera could not reproduce the bewtifnl colours of the fish, which were much admired by all present, lu addition to a block containing two of the fish, a photograph, surrounded by letterpress matter, will bo sent to cacii colony, giving information lo anglers and tourists about the way to gel to the lakes, the cost, the tackle used, and so on. \- A NEW DRAPERY WAÏUÎHOUSE.-The main entrance to Hobart has been en- livened by a new and business-like pre- mises having been erected at tho angle of Liverpool and Argyle streets. The old has given piuco to the new. Thesu firotnises are .now open to the publio for nspection, and are owned and occupied by Mr, A. J. PALFHEYMAN (the third eldest son of the Rev. I. II. Palfrcyman), who, after an absence of eight years, has re- turned to his native home. Leaving the employ of A. Mather & Co., of this eily, ho emigrated to Vlctotlii, and after adding to his experience there wended his way to Auckland, New Zealand, where, for some seven years past, he has been em- ployed by one of the largest warehouses of that colony-occupying various positions in different departments, besides being travelling representative and shop-walker. During this period, on two occasions, Mr. Palfroymnn tripped to Hobart, the last Dime completing arrangements that have placed him in th« position he occupies to-day. The measure of success which has attended him In the sister colonies will be a pledge of future progress lind prosperity in this city, lie returns with a keen insight and sound knowledge of lils business, and Is placed on the best possible buying footing. A special feature of the warehouse will be his country order department. He will, no doubt, have a successful careel in lils new undei taking. INIIUISII.NO ro LADII s -The great event of the season, G. Ki.mt & boVs SpilugShovv, will open this morning. The establishment foi the nc\t few dajs will be a vei¡table dieam of beauty and fashion, e\ ei v available iuoh of room vv ill be utilised foi the display of all the latest np to date Spring Fashions. Theplaleglass windows must uttriut crowds of sightseers, as the artistic arangemeiit of Ribbons, Flow ei-s, Laces and Tilmmed Millinery Is tiuly wonderful. The firm have made special effort this season for a large millinery trade. A Special Buyer selected ill straws and millinery requisites in London, and Miss White, the head milliner, visited Melbourne, and inspected all the lutcst millinciy novelties In that city. She has now returned, and orders are already coming in rapidly. We cannot do better than Invite ull the ladies to call ut oui establishment and seo the show. Piles of Dresses, Silks, Prints, Laces, Ribbons, etc., ull on view. Special Gaslight Show This hvcnlng. G. KEMI & SON, 04, Liver pool street. LOUDLY MIGHT WE PHOÎLAIM the merits of our merchandise. Strongadjec ti ves might be used to emphasise Its price cheapness We prefer the moderate tone, tho truthful talc, the carefull} .stated facts You can tie to truth ; j ou can take stock in facts Such advertising hits the sober senic of our bujlng public. Have you seen our pile of cheek yephvrsl If not, do so at once. The> me sellers and they aro fashionable, and also cheap, vl¿ , Ud. per yaid ; and what is more, the colour is fast-it will stand boiling. Go where jourmoiiej goes fal thest. Wo are opening out the w hole of ourspring goods foi youl kind Inspection. Give us a call, gentle reader, for the bees that go out tbo earliest gather the < hoicest honey. It is the same with the buyers of fashionable lines-the) are snapped up in the tw inkling of an eye ; so be like the bee-cull). Don't think the goods aie any the less bargains because we omit to apply such deciepit adjectives as " unpiriilleled," "stupendous," " plie nornella!," " uiipiccedcnted," "colossal," " unsui passed," " niittchless." It't, at A, I 13\. PI.AISIEK & Co.'s voii get baigains. OnlyAildiess-Llojd's Buildings,05, Eli/a beth stieet The People's Diapers. NOT HING Surcni.ns LIM: Su< CESS.-No wonder J. N. Fool, »«lots the largest Boot business in Hobin t. Being a thorough practical mun, he mulei stands his busi- ness, and knows the wants of the public. Ile supplies a superior aitlcle at tho low est possible pi Ice. His motto is small piolltb and quick returns. Cash only. Boots dellvcied to any Hillway station in Tasmania freo of chaige. POOL'S Boot Palace, 01, Liverpool stieet. POOL'S Cheap Boot Mart and Factory, 148, Liverpool street, , STATE OF BRIDGEWATER BRIDGE.—In consequence of remarks made in the Assembly yesterday afternoon as to the state of the Bridgewater bridge, the Minister of Railways (Hon. E. T. Miles) at once telephoned to Mr. McCormick, Engineer of Existing Lines, in regard to the matter. In reply Mr. McCormick stated—"That the piles of the Bridge- water bridge were examined some time ago by a diver, and although the sapwood of the piles is eaten in some places the piles themselves are quite safe and serviceable for many years to come." The Minister further instructed Mr. McCor- mick to make another examination imme- diately, and to furnish him with a report which will be laid before Parliament. MvsoNle- - At tho usual meeting of (he Tasmanian Union Lodge of 1 recnjosonn lost ovemng opportunity was taken to present to Past Mastors 1 II Wise and John Hamilton handsome jew els in rccoc, mtion of their many years' valuable services ia the interests of tho Craft, and moro especially in relation to this loilj^e In the ubsenco of tho W M (Uro Allnort), who is in Sydney, the I P M , Uro Hickson, presided, and thero was a very lure,« attendance of Past Masters and brethren, including representatives fioni all the sister lod»es of tho city to do honour to tho occasion Iho Grund Master was also present anti in presenting the jewels, referí ed in eulogistic torios to tho scr\ ices rendered b> both brethn n Hie visiting W Ms also congratulated the iceipients on the well deseivcd compliment thus paul to them UNIV wtsiTY oi TASV V. NI \ -Entries close at the University tomorrow for the October 1 lamination bf tho Associated Boaid of tho Ro>al Acadi mj of Music, and the Royal Collage of Music, ni practical subjects EtwcAl ION vi -Hie Minister of Educa tion lues approved of the erection of a schoolhouse at Seymour, in the Glamorgan district, and another at Osterley, ni the Hamilton district TASMANIAN ENciiNtms -This 'corpH mustered well last night on the occasion of the first commanding ofhcer's pi» odo under tho Acting Commanding Olheer Lieut A. C Parker The muster all told showed 38, und the purtles were put through some soveru ililli Among other work, a num- ber of rough bush spats liad been brought down, and the men were instructed to make a bridge therewith, Lieut Parker grung some v cry nsefnl information as to the bcBt way to get tho greatest strength with the lightest timber At tho close of the parade, winch was dismissed about 9 pin, the Commanding Ollu cr expressed Ins gratifica t on at tho continued good attendance and tho general lntoicst wini li every member seomeil to take in tho work POSIAI. AmuNoi MI vis At MOONAH - On Wednesday evening a meeting of the residents of Moonah was held at Cooley'« Hotel to discuss the subject of local postal deliveries, winch wore eharactensed ns very inconvenient and obsolete, the time it took for a letter to reach its destination in that locality bouig veiy long. Mr. C. Bali, seconded by Mr. F F. Butler, moved, - " That the inhabitants of Moonah, in public meeting assembled, are desirous that au early poitaldcliveryshoulil bo obtained for Moonah, and that this meeting is thoroughly in accord with the oflorts now being mado by the South Glenorchy Road Trust foi tho above ob- ject " Tins was unanimously agreed to, and a committee, consisting of Messrs. Tayloi, Butler, Smith, Ball, Matthews, Hickman, Abbott, Biownell, Coverdale, and Hallam, was appointed to follow the matter up BINDIiti'fsr - Mr T A Tabart lias forwarded a letter to the President of the Southern Tasmanian Agricultural mid Pastoral Society dealing with a elis cusxion which took place at the meeting of the committee of the society held last Monday, touching the embargo placed upon stock imported by vessels winch havo called at a South African poit In his letter he çives the following information concerning Hie disease know n as rinderpest -" The diHca&o; is conveyed by means of soiled clothes and hands of human beings, ami also by animals not susceptible to the disease, who have been in contort with disiascd annuals 01 their excretions or secretions, and portions of diseased meat To pievent its extension there is, according to a recent issue of the Journal of the Capo Colony Dep irtment of Agriculture, a penalty of i. 100, or six months with haul labour, for exhuming the bones of animals that havo died from nndeipcst This evidences the fear that exists iii Africa as to the spread of rinderpest, which has leen recorded as travelling SOO miles in 0 weeks. On March 21, 1897, an outbreak oc- curred in Capo Colony." John Henry Steel, Kit.C.V.8., in ft " Trcutlso on the Diseases of Sheep," writes : " Rinderpest for some time was considered to bo a disease of bovine animals only, but it is now known to bo communicable to other ruminants, including sheep and foats. The ref carches of Proie'sois 'ritchaid, Varnell, and Gaingeo in Great Britain and of various continental obser- vers have established this beyond ques- tion." Mr. Tabart is strongly of opinion that any attempt to remove the proclama- tion would be most injudicious. TASMANIAN A. & P. SOCIKTY.-The first spring show at Launceston on the 3rd, 4th, 5th, and Oth prox., promises to boa great euccess. The schedule is a very comprehensive one. Entries close on Mon- day noxt, and late entries at double fees, 25th ¡nat. Schedules and other information may bo obtained from Mr. II. J. Archer, secretary, Launceston. Gl.KNOIlCHY PI.OUGH1N0 MATCH.-A public meeting of persons interested in the Glenorchy ploughing match, called by lim Warden, will be held at the local Council ehaiubers today. Coi.uiiitooic FIIUIT DlSTKICT.-The annual meeting of fruitgrowers of the Colebrook district will be held at the ollicc of the Emit Board to-morrow to elect three members of the Board in place of Messrs. A. Robertson, A. Nicholas, and T. Bar wick, who retire by rotation. FnuiT BOARD EI.HCTIONS.- The annual elections of members of these boards are advertised as follows :-Glenorchy, Friday, the 22nd j Fiauklin, Spring Ray, and North Huon, Saturday, 30th inst. All lovers of good Tea should insist on I getting NEr.so.v, MOATH & Co.'s Sold I everywhere. THE LICKNSINO ACT.-A public meeting called by the Council of Churches will be 'held-this evening, at the Memorial-hall, Brisbane-street, to protest against proposed amendments in tho Licensing Act. Af tei noon Cup Tea SoldTiy all giocers See NLI SON MOATI & Co S name on catii pact el BltlltSII V.ND 1 OKI ION BlIlLF SOCIITY -1 lit 70th annual niteting of the Southern lasiiinuiau Auxiliary of the British and loreign Bible Society will bo held in the lown hall on Wednesday evening next, when His Honor Mr Justico Mcintyre will preside The musical arrangements will be undei the direction of Mr 1 Julian Hay wood and the choir of St George's will contribute to the programme ' lumbo a blend of pure Indian Teas, packed by NEI SON MOATP & Co HOBART BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. — A meeting of the Executive Committee of the Hobart Benevolent Society was held yesterday afternoon. Mr. G. S. Seabrook presided, and the following members were present :—Messrs. T. A. Reynolds, G. Hiddlestone, T. Bennison, G. S. Crouch, J. Baily, G. Kerr, and J. B. Mather. An apology was received from Mr. Jno. Hamilton, M.H.A. The letter received from the Rev. J. W. Simmons, tendering his resignation as chairman of the Benevo- lent Society, was read by the acting chairman. After a full expression of sympathy from the members present the following resolution was passed —" That the committee of the Hobart Benevolent Society having now received with regret the announcement of the resignation of their respected chairman (the Rev. J. W. Simmons) on account of his continued ill health, desire to place on record their high appreciation of the painstaking manner in which he has at all times performed the onerous duty pertaining to his office, and to express their deep sympathy with him in his present state of ill health." It was further resolved,—" That the committee agree to accept the resignation of the Rev. J. W. Simmons as chairman of this society, such resignation to take effect at the end of the present year." For the week ending September 14, 255 families had been relieved, and comprised 77 men, 243 women, and 391 children. One new ap- plication for relief was considered. The following donations were received :—G. S. Seabrook, £1/1/ ; " Early Morn," £1. Five O'clock Tea Is perfection. Blended by NELSON. MOATE & Co. LONGFORD.- Our correspondent writes : -"Splendid rains have fallen, and the crops aro vastly improved. Business people hore view the proposai to revise tim Customs as a hugo mistake, when it will have to be gone into again when the first Federal Council shall meet. Tinkering with the tarin' is a great trouble to mer- chants and retailers, and does not benefit« , the consumer over much." 