THE MERCURY. ROBABT: FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1S99. EPITOME OF NEWS. Contractors for Strahan wharf extension are reported to have thrown up the job. Extraordinary meeting of Mutual Fire Insurance Co. of Tasmania at Launceston on 24th Inst. Max Sylvester killed on Emu Bay line yesterday, between Rosebery and Pieman, Run over by engine. Queenborough Town Board nominations are to bo made on the,22nd inst. Election on 29th. There aro two candidates. Meeting of ladies will be held at Laun- ceston on Monday to advance the Federal campaign. Lady Braddon will be present. Public meeting of Brighton electors yes- terday protested against any interference with the boundaries of the present elec- toral district*. Silver 27 ll-16d. London wool prices still film. «. Wreck of steamer Excelsior sold for £450. Grace the cricketer has totted up 50,000 runs. Acceptances for Grand National Steeple cabled. Hayseed favouiitcfor the Grand National Steeple. Port Dar« in telegraph line interrupted yesterday. War Office sending machine gun car- riages t o the Cape. American resistant vine-stocks eflectu ally combat phylloxera. A fifth field battery of Artillery is ready to leave England for the Cape. Bisley Council has discarded Mark 4 rifle ammunition in favour of Mark 2. Bad weather has prevailed on the, Queensland coast, but has now moderated. Miss Patterson, w ho shot a BIddenden school-teacher, lias been adjudged insane. Legislative Council of New Zealand has read Immigration Restriction Bill a second time. Barque Carlisle Castle, from Glasgow for Fremantle, totally wrecked off Westralian coast. The Drucc syndicate has succeeded in raising £10,000 to prosecute Mrs. Walter Druce's claims. South Australian machine gun corps will offer for service in Transvaal if re- quired. English bluejackets on Canadian station refuse to associate with crews of French warships. 'Kaiser William offended at Duke of Connaught renouncing the Saxc-Coburg dukedom. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach" declines to cheapen cable rates at expense of general ratepayers. ' Wireless telegraphy W'H bo tested during the coming naval manoeuvres off the British coast. American ship City of York wrecked at Rottnest Island, West Australia. Twelve of crew missing. Steamers Kolya and Time collided in Adelaide river yesterday, each receiving considerable damage. Discovery of diamondiferons country at Inverell thought much of by New South Wales Mines Department. Archbishop Carr " welcomed home " at Cardinal Moran's residence yesterday by 700 people, the elttê of Sydney. Aisurprise anticipated when Sir Alfred Milner makes the Vice-Regal Speech at opening of the Cape Parliament. Mutters concerning collision of steamers Edina and Excelsior, in Hobson'» Bay, have been remitted to Court of Inquiry. Efficacy of inoculation for tick is to be tested by sending fifty cattle inoculated in New South Wales into tick-infected dis- tricts of Queensland. West Austialian Premier submits Com- monwealth Bill to House of Assembly for critical examination by special committee regarding flnuiiclal clauses. Cricket mutch, Australia v. Midland Counties, concluded at Birmingham on Wednesday. Australia gained a highly creditable victory by 44 runs. 7 Australian record to date :- Matches wonll, lost 1, drawn 5, abaudoncd 2. Glouccstershiie V.Australia match was to have commenced at Bristol yesterday. IN the House of Assembly yesterday. The MiNi8Ti.it OF WORKS explained that negotiations were in progress witli the Mount Lyell Co. in regard to the ex- tension of the railway from Regatta Point to the Government Railway wharf at Strahan. The same Minister said it was not the intentioii of the Government to abolish the landing charges enforced at the Strahan railway wharf. A message was received from the AD- MINISTRATOR notifying his assent to the Commonwealth Act Amendment Bill and the Electoral Act Doubts Removal Bill. Bill legalising tho issuo of free railway passes to school children, at the discretion of the Minister, was passed through all its stages. Further progress was made with the Constitution Act Amendment Bill. At the evening sitting the MINISTE« OF LANDS, WORKS, MINES, etc., delivered his official statement of the pt ogress and prospects of the departments under his charge. A schedule of new works was submitted for the year 1900 amounting to £227,740, one-third of which, it was said, would bo of a federal chaiacter, and would be a charge for interest upon the federal revenue. Rocky Ri verTram way Bill was advanced a stage. The House adjourned nt 10.25 p.m., until 4 o'clock next day. CONSIDERING the short time that, he liBs been iu office, the MINISTER OF LANDS has managed to get a very fair grasp of the mauy important subjects which have to be dealt with by his department. He made a plea for con- sideration owing to his waut of experi- ence, but no such plea was needed, though, of course, it is one which raiiiht be very properly allowed. Tne impression left by the statement read last night ia that of business and vigour. There < is a firm, reliant tone about it. Moreover, there is an apparent faith iu the present posi- tion and future of the colony, which comes refreshingly after the lean years, in which tho aim was to do as little as possible. The Ministry sees its way to spend a much larger sum on public-works than was available last year, and as far as can be judged, it is acting with prudence as well .as with some vigour. Last year, the sum available for such works was £85,978, but this year it is proposed to expend no less than £227,649. This is a very large increase, one that shows that times are much better than they were, and, further, that there is confidence in the future. But, it must be noted that abouti one-third is to be spent on buildings which' the ' Federation take over and pay for, and is therefore an in vestment. This increased expenditure, together with the proposed remission of Customs duties, should put this colony in a much better position than it has occupied for a long time past, and should prepare the way for new industrial developments, and greater commercial activity. It is to be noted, too, that the Minister has to state the fact that day labour is very difficult to obtain, owing to the demand on the West Coast and for agricultural purposes. lu this respect tjfeÍB colony is very fortunate, and alfords a marked contrast to some of the mainland colonies, where the unemployed question has grown acute, and in one case even serious. The Minister promises to visit every part of the colony and ascertain personally its requirements before he has occasion to make another statement, but in the meantime, it must be admitted, he has contrived to get a very fair grasp of the actual state of affairs. And, aa it seems to us, he has managed to reduce the details to certain categories, which will serve to indicate what are the permanent requirements of a true public-works policy. Hitherto, that policy has been a rather hand-to mouth one. In previous years there was the annual scramble for the annual vote, and even at times an invitation to members to ask and have. Later on, when times were bad, there was the policy of here a little there a little, for there were many hungry dogs and few bones. Now we find ourselves face to face with what looks like a progressive policy, and one that aims at providing a permanent way of dealing with certain important matters. There are main roads, for example. These have been for some years subject to no settled policy. They have been ignored by the Government and neglected by the public bodies, so that they are now going to decay, and must be dealt with in an effective and systematic manner, if the colony is not to suffer a serious loss, and have to face a large expendi- ture at some future time. The pre- sent Minister sees the difficulty, and we hope that he will find some remedy for it. Then, there are bridges, also decaying and failing through negleot, and we should like to know what is to be done about them. Some policy must be devised to provide for keeping -these structures in repair. To these we may add jetties, about which the Huon folks complain, and with good reason i too. The piles soon decay, and there is no adequate revenue out of which ithey can be renewed, and thus the Channel residents point out that they cannot get roads because they have jetties, but there is no provision to keep the jetties in repair. Here is another problem for the Minister. In the matter of tracks the MINIS- TER proposes to be liberal, though we doubt if some of them will be of much real service. Another £500 are to be spent on the Gordon track, down which, we are afraid, very few persons will ever be found to travel. How- ever, it will open the country, as weil as the Port Davey track, and another to be made to provide access from the Huon side to that port. These will, no doubt, prove useful, as will the money to be spent on the Linda track for the benefit of drovers, who are about the only persons likely to make much use of it. A number of other tracks are to be provided for, all of which seem likely to serve the pur- pose of opening up the country, and, therefore, -are justified, for it is evident that we are, even now, a long way from knowing the resources of the country. The in- terior, so long neglected, is destined to add greatly to the riches of the colony, but it must first be made pervious, for industry cannot flourish where nature opposes. The MINISTER has quite a railway policy, or rather a clear notion of what that policy should be. He seems to believe that the Ulverstone extension will not pay unless it is carried on to Flowerdale, an admission which fully justifies all that -we said" about this" work. He evidently favours a line through the Sheffield district to Rosebery, and thinks that valuable country would be opened np by a line to Rud Hills. AM these are matters to think about, and .to get together fuels about, so that they may be dealt with at some future time, if progress responds to expecta- tion. A line from the station to the Hobart wharves is declared to be too expensive, and it is suggested that the station should be improved instead. There are a number of other pro- jects mentioned in this comprehensive statement, each one of which is a dis- cussion in itself. For example, a cutting through East Bay Neck, a project which dares back to the days of Governor DENISON, on which Mr. NAPIER BELL is to be asked to report. Then, there is a breakwater at Stanley to be actually made at a cost of £24,000, and harbour improvements much wanted there. We have, too, reference to the Hobart CustomR House to be built, and a goodly gum for a new Post and Telegraph Office at Lord's Corner, eventually to be federal properties. The re- serve opposite Parliament' House is to have £1,000 spout upon it, and m to be mude into a thing of beauly instead of an eye-Bore, which will be money well spent. Besides all this there are references to the Mucqiiarie Harbour bar, the Mount Lyell and the North Mount Lyell Railways ; the difficulties in regard to mining and land settlement, in urgent need of being arranged ; the remission of two years' iuterest to sufferers b'y bush-fires, still an unredeemed pledge of the Government ; and an 'account of the mining industry, with a glance at its results. Add to all this refer- ences to Stale Forests and the timber trade, destined to grow with the advent of Federation, and we shall see how numerous and important are the subjects with which the Minister has had to deal. We enn but glance at them now, but they will, no doubt, give rise to many discussioná os they ure dealt with in detail. It is satisfactory to find that the MINISTER ,OF LANDS AND WORKS has so good a tale to tell. CENTRALISATION in the teaching of the children of the colony is admittedly so very undesirable in the interests of the children as a whole that the objections raised in the Assembly yesterday weie quite justifiable and called for. Mr. Mulcahy was very open in his acknow- ledgment that the Ministerial bill was intended to relieve Catholic parents of disabilities under which they, by law, at present suffer if their children cannot travel free on the State railways to a school conducted by teachers following their own faith. With equal candour, however, he consented to limit the privilege to primary schools, and expressed a willingness to have the new measure conlined to such establishments. The fear which had actuated the quasi-opposition to tlie hill, for there liad been all through the dibcussion a marked respect for the feelings of the Catholic community, was that districts furnished with tail ways and in the vicinity of the cities or large towns would be HO emptied of a considerable section of the cliililreu of school age that the State schools in tho«e districts would be pieju diced in status or otherwise daivnged and rendered le»s u«eful for the children of parents who could not send their children away. Several mcmbcis, and especially Messrs. Macken/.ie and Dumniesq, gave vent to their apprehensions on this score, the reply of the Uovcin ment being that the discretionary now ei might fairly lie left in the hands of any Minister of Education, who would see that the Slate schools did not suiter by such depletion, and that the children who could not tra\el should not be sacriliccd to those whose patento desired them to do so. The Piemier added to his plea for the exercise of Ministenal discre- tion a somewhat tenible picture of what would happen if this declaratory bill were i ejected, saying that such an omis- sion by tlie House to confer upon the present inegular issue of passes tlie force of law would and must íestilt in the withdiawal of all piesent per- mits and the refusal to issue any in the future. He promised that Ministenal care would be exercised to safcguaid all the State schools with a discrimina- tion and in a way that was not possible when the permits were issued by station- masters, whilo the consciences of parents would also have due respect paid to them, though the large non-Catholic Hobart schools and other central non priuiary schools would not receive excep- tional privileges, pi ivilcgus which he had been asked for and h.id icfused to some of them. With this the doublets had to be content, aud the bill passed in its original form. FEDERATION.-The Premier (Sir Edward Braddon) has received the following cable- gram from Sir Ueoige Turner :-Heartily congratulate you on the passing of Federal Enabling Bill, and on your prospects of the Referendum." No REFLECTION INTENDED.- In Wed- nesday's Mercury there appeared a locul under the heading of " A Defective Act," wherein it was stated that at the Foi ¡co Court Superintendent Pedder, in prose- cuting in a ease of obscence language, had remarked that there was a "defect"in the Amended Police Act in so far as it re- lated to persons using vile language in their gardens abutting on public thorough faies, the police having no power to arrest tliein, their only remedy being to proceed by information. The Attorney-General having token exception to this as a reflec- tion on the Act, Superintendent Pedder explained at the Police Court yonteiday that lie did not intend to cast any reflection on tim Act, but merely stated that it was a pity"the Act did not empower the arrest, of ah offender under thq circumstances des- cribed.. The Police Magintrato said Super- intendent Pedder did not make uny _" re- flection" as he, no doubt, did not mean to convey the impression arrived at by the Attorney- General, but, nevertheless, he used the word " defect " as reported in The Mercury. «»AN APPRECIATED OFFICER.- Mr. Arthur Bull, who took up his duties at the local oliice of the U.S.S. Co. this week, having been transferí ed from thcGisborno branch, was given a flattering send-off at the New Zealand town at the close of last month. Public recognition of his worth, and the esteem he was held in, was ovidenced by the testimonial in the shape of a purse of sovereigns, with which he was presented at a meeting over which the Mayor of Gisborne presided. HÍB Worship, in mak- ing the presentation, sjioke in very high terms (says an «xchangc) of tho esteem in which Mr. Bull was field by everyone in the district. The regret at his departure was tempered, however, by tho knowledge that Mr. Bull was receiving well-deserved promotion. HouAiiT BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. - A meeting of She Executive Committee of the Hobart Benevolent Society waf held yesterday afternoon, Mr. G. S. Seabrook Rresided, and there weio also present: [essrs. G. Hiddlestone, J.' Haily, T. 15. Mather, and G. S. Crouch. For the week ending July 13 252 families had been 10 lieved, comprising 70 men, 238 women, and 307 children. Two new applications for aid were received. ' INUIOKSTION lu tho causo of nlno-tcnthH of our bodily ailment«, since It produces all kinds of pains and Helios, both In mind mid body. It's chief Symptoms aro Klatulonco, Hcadncho, pallin about tho Slomiich, woarinees, doprcu sion of spirit«, cotietluation And the appetite muy bu bud, or It may bo natural, and thuro mny bo a great fooling of hunger directly after muid». Sometimos Uicro ia oppression of the breathing, palpitation of tho heart, etc Tho best remedy Is GOULD'S DIQKSTIVB POWDKK, a Homoeopathic trituration, which seldom fail». It U «old In Bottles at 1/0 ; S bottle* for ti, mid mny ho font per pott an» where. II, T. GOULD 4 Co,, the Horaofputhlo Pharmacy, li. Kllnttwlb-stnioL Hobart. CI»TRAL BOARD OK HEALTH OF TAS- MANIA.-Hobart health return for the week ending Saturday, duly 8, 18U9. (Prom information supplied by Mr. R. M. Johnston, Registrar - General). Deaths registered from - Forms of tuberculosis, scrofula, etc., 1 (equivalent rate pel annum pet 1,000 living, 1-28); old age, 5((W0); all other causes, 3 (:V84). Total deaths, 0 (11 '51). The death-rate for the post five weeks bos been equal to 19-45 per annum per 1,000 living. Tlie death-rate for the corresponding five weeks last year was 13 fiH per annum per 1,000 living. TASMANIAN FRUIT.-The Agent-General has reported to the Premier that the con- signment of apples sent by the Austinlia met with a lair market, prices ranging from 8/ to 14/6. Kew Volk Pippins realised from 11/to 14/. Tho fruit arrived in a satisfactory condition. «, A fe» AIRY EXPERT.-The Victorian dairy expert, Mr. Potts, is expected to visit Tasmania at an early date. The Premier will confer with Mr. Potts on the dairy question in Tasmania, with a view to subsequently appointing a dairy expert for this colony. KKCKIVKD.-The Austral Light for July is an inteiesting number. It contains a paper by Monsignor J. S. Vaughan (England), on the literature of tlie day. Tlie writer lias a poor opinion of a vast amount of the current English fiction. He says there aro pioduced every year " hundreds of ¡silly tales and stories, narratives which arc not even intended to convey any instruction or to teach any lesson, but serve merely to while away an idle hour and to kill time-books of imagi- nation and unreality, of incident« spun fiom tlie inner consciousness of some love- sick |)oct or maudlin icsthotic. Valuable time is wasted in reading them-real duties are neglected, one accustoms oneself to live upon froth, and can digest nothing solid, and tlie more serious tasks in which they should be engaged are sacrified." R. A. Julian contributes a paper of a good literaiy character on "Spanish Ballads," and Amy (Quayle a long poem on "Ruskin," which shows a tender worship of tho venerable apostle of exalted art. Mr. |J. W. Wallace discourses on " Wireless telegraphy," and the Rev. Dr. Kelly con- tinues his history of the Creek Schism. THE BATTLE OF THE BOYNE.- The 209th anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne was celebrated in the Temperance-hall last evening by a concert, arranged by the Loyal Orange Institution of Tasmania. There ' wo« a large attendance, and the proceedings passed oil" in a very agreeable manner. R. W.G.M. Bro. ' J. Ruddock presided, and títere were several minister« of the, Cospel present on the plat- form. ' After a few introductory remark* by the chairman, the Revs. Perry Hart, J. E. ' Warren, B. \V. Heath, and W. R. Cunningham ' spoke on Protestantism. Mr. A. E. Shakespeare recitedi" The Battle of the Boyne," and " Warriors of tlie sea," and other items were pleasantly rendered by Misses M. Creed, C John, Messrs. A. Scares, Lidster, F. N.< Brownoll. The Rev. W. R. Cunningham suggested that a Protestant alliance should be formed in Hobart which men'and women should be entitled to join, that they mi"ht bo better ablo to fight ritualism, and so save their children from having to fight the reformation over again. He said he understood that such a move- ment would bo started here. The anange meiits for the celebration were well for- warded, having been entrusted to Bros. E. 'Creed, II. Hallam, O. Smith, L. Brownell, R. Tolmie,''and others. Mr. P. Henry capably fulfilled the duties of accompanist. ST. GEORGE'S.-A social gathering of St.' George'- branch of the Gleaners' Union and workers on behalf of the Melanesian and New Guinea missions was held last evening. Theie was a large attendance. Canon Banks-Smith presided. The Ruv. H. T. Holliday read a paper pointing out the. references to niissiotisin tlie Psalms.' Sacred solos were rendered by several members of the choirs of the parish. On the tables were displayed a great many curios from the mission fields, as also a table for literature, which was distributed free. Refreshments were provided by tlie ladies of the parish. The secretary of the Gleaners' Union read an interesting paper on the famine in East Equatorial Africa. Hymns were sung, and the pronouncing of the benediction closed a most pleasant meeting. THE PASSION PLAY.- In consequence of the success which attended Miss Hilda Temple's clever recital on Wednesday evening last she will give it once moro, by special request, at the Town-hall on Mon- day night. Tuesday night will be a popular night, tlie principal attraction being an illustrated recital of the commencement of the present Transvaal trouble-' ' J ameson's Raid." ' , I, f ' CITY POLICE COURT. -The 'Police Magistrate (Mr. B. Shaw) kid Mr. T. Bennison, J.P., presided yesterday. Alfred Davis was fined G/, with the option of 48 hours, foi having been drunk and in- capable in Liverpool-street on tho 12th inst. Two youths, named Joseph Way and John Westbury, pleaded guilty to unlaw- fully removing wood from tlie property of the Cascade Brewery Co. on the Huon roud. Superintendent Pedder said the complainant did not desire the defendants to bo punished this time; they were brought up merely to show them that they must not take the wood without permis- sion. Tlie lads were discharged with a caution. A man named Joseph Cawthray was charged on remand with being an idlo and disorderly person, found on tho premises of Jamos Shields for an unlawful purpose on June 17. He pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr. Daven- port Hoggins. After hearing several witnesses for both sides, defendant wits found guilty, and sentenced to one month. He remarked that the Bench was imprison- ing au innocent man. BOTHWELL POLICE COURT.-On Wednes- day, 12th inst., before the Warden and Messrs. G. H. Key and E. L. Archer, Js.P., George Hill was charged by Sub Inspector Browne with having, on 8th inst., on the sports ground, Bothwell, made use of obscenelanguage. Defendant pleaded guilty, and was lined 10/ and costs 8/ ; in default seven days' imprisonment. The I Warden advised bim to tie more careful in I future. I ClllLDltEN'S HOME MISSION.-An enter- tainment in aid ot the funds of this mission was held ut St. John's schoolroom, Goul bnrn-street, yesterday afternoon, and proved a most successful adair. Music, songs, and recitations preceded a little play entitled Sunbeams at Hunte, inter- spersed with recitations between the acts, of which there were three. The entertain- ment was given entirely by a band of juvenile church workers, os foüuw :-Misses Ethel, Dora, Clarice, and Marjorie Butcher, Enid and Elaine Finnis, L. Norris, and B. Kelly. A collection taken up realised a substantial sum. The juvenile performer» acquitted themselves admirably, and the points of the play wore quickly recognised and acknowledged by the audience. SOUTH KENSINGTON EXAMINATIONS. The date of entering has been extended to the -20th ¡uni. SOMETIIINO OUT OF THE COMMON. BEST & Co. hold this morning, in connec- tion with "Their Buyers' Picnic," a three1 .hours' sale of Benimmt«,' from 10 till 1 ¿'clock. Every remnant is marked half price or less, and consists of the.' choicest things in Silks, Satins, Dress Goods (Black and Coloured), Sheetings, Calicoes, Flannelettes, Ribbons, Luces, etc., etc. Pohsiblynnhoui andahalf will see the buck of the most absurdly cheap collection of short ends it has ever been our lot to oller the public of Tasmania. BEST & Co's. Three Hours' Sale of Remnants This Day. IMPORTANT TO HEADS OF FAMILIES. If it is Boots that you require, J. N. Poor, supplies the public direct from his factory to their feet. If you are living in the country J. N. POOL will deliver them, carriage paid, to any railway station in Tasmania. The secret of his success, he believes in small profits and quick returns. Cash only. Address : POOL'S Boot Palace, 01, Liverpool, POOL'S Cheap Boot Mart and Factory, 148, Liverpool-street. To-Moitnow we purpose holding our great Winter Clearing Sale. We have marked the whole of our stock down to such prices that must command a speedy clearance. If out shopping do not fail to look us up li you want some genuine bargains, for wo are determined to clear as much as possible before opening up our spring goods ; 21/ ulsters to go for 2/11 ; ladles' cupos, 3/11 ; rainproof cloaks, 3/11 ; gents' bows. Id. each ; ladles' aprons, (IJd. each ; flannelette knickers, lOJd.; chemises, 1/1 ; night dresses, 2/3 ; gents' navy blue mackintoshes, 23/0 for 14/0 ; gents' suits In navy serge, 10/0 ; Tasmanian under flannels, 2/11 ; bush rugs, 1/4J and 1/7A ; white blankets, 2/11 ; shirting, 5Jd. to (Hd. yard ; double-width twill sheeting, 8Jd.; fur bous, 1/2. See handbills, door, and windows, and future advertisements. PLAISTEII & Co., the People's Drapers, 05, Elizabeth-btreet, Lloyd's Buildings. Only address. IMPORTANT NOTICE.-Owing to an im- portant engagement, our Studio (only) will be closed between the hours of 11 and 1 o'clock this day. Wo therefore ask our numerous patrons not to make appointments for the above time.-R, MCGUFFIE & Co. 