LIVINGSTONE1^ DEATH. AN INTERESTING RELIC. T ia twenty-six years since Dr. Living stone died. Read ens of the great missionary travel ler's 'Last Journ nals,' edited by the Rev. Horace Wal ler, will remember the description ~oV nifi last moments gathered from, the narrative of his faithful servants Ghuma and Susi, who, with rare de votion, carried the mortal remains of their beloved mas ter from the heart of Africa to Zanzi bar. It was at the village of the cMef Chitambo, not far from the marshy shore of Lake Bangweulu, that Dr. Livingstone breathed his last. It was Susi who was the first to enter the hut, and this is- what he saw: x 'A candle, stuck by its own wax to the top of the box, shed a light sufficiently for them to see his form. Dr. Livingstone was kneeling by the side of his bed, his body stretched forward, his head buried in his hands upon the pillow. For a minute they watched him; he did not stir; there was no sign of breathing. Then one of them; Matthew, advanced softly to him and placed his hands to his cheeks. It was sufficient; life had been extinct some time, and the body was almost cold. Livingstone was dead.' The story of the sad days that followed is wen known. The body was embalmed with such rude appliances as were available, and long afterwards found fitting sepulture in Westminster Abbey. The heart and other viscera were buried beneath a large tree that stood close by the nut in which Dr. Livingstone had died. Mr. Waller tells us that 'Jacob Wainwright was asked to carve an inscription on the large moula tree which stands by the place where the body rested, stating the name of Dr. Livingstone and the date of his death, and, before leaving, the men gave strict injunc tions to Chitambo to keep the grass cleared away, so as to save it from the bush-fires which annually sweep over the country and destroy so many trees.' For many years this simple inscription was all that marked the place where Livingstone died, and for many years no European eye looked on the place. It was felt, however, that the inscription carved by Jacob Wainwright was too perishable a memorial of so sacred a spot, ana some ten years ago it was determined to make an effort to mark it in some more permanent manner. The Royal Geographical Society in January, 1889, voted a sum of money as a reward to the Chief Chitambo for the ready assistance he had rendered to Dr. Livingstone's followers at the moment of their great trial. The Rev. S. F. Arnot, of the Garen ganze Mission, undertook to be the bearer of the goods which represented the society's money gift. Taking advantage of Mr. Arnot's intended visit to Chitambo's village, Mrs. A. L. Bruce, of Edin burgh, a daughter of Dr. Livingstone, entrusted Mr. Arnot with a memorial tablet in bronze, which was to be fastened to the tree under which the great explorer's heart was buried. Mr. Arnot was unable personally to fulfil his mission. He entrusted the .presents and tablet to Mr. H. B. Thompson, a fellow missionary, who in his turn, finding it impossible to reach Chitambo's, handed over presents and tablet to Captain Bia, a Eelgian officer who was making an expedition in the direc tion of Lake Bangweulu. The memorial tablet was at length carried to Chitambo's village by LieutenanfeiFrancqui, a member of Captain Bia's expediton. The tablet bore the simple inscrip tion: LIVINGSTONE DIED HERB, 1LALA, MAT 1st, 1873. There appears to he some doubt whether the tablet was ever actually affixed to the tree. As is not infrequently the case in Africa, the site of Chitambo's village had been changed, and the tablet was probably put up in the village which goes by the name of New Chitambo's. At .any rate, we know that the tablet has disappeared, stolen, it is believed, by some Arabs who passed that way on a slave-trading expedition. Three years ago Mr. Poulett Weatherley, who has spent several years in exploring the Bangwuelu region, visited Chitambo's. He discovered the site of the old village, and found the tree on which Jacob Wainwright had carved the simple inscription still standing. He described the scene as most impressive, the rugged old mpundu tree forming a most solemn and appropriate monument, stand ing as it does in the midst of solitude ten miles to 'the east of the present village. Mr. Weather ley reported that the tree was fast becoming a mere shell, and that unless something was quick ly done to mark the spot the exact place of Liv ingstone's death would become hopelessly lost. The matter was brought to- the attention of the Royal Geographical Society, and on the alvice of Mr. Alfred Sharpe, C.B., her Majesty's Commis sioner in the British Central Africa Protectorate, it was decided to make an attempt to cut out that portion of the tree bearing the inscription, to bring it home to England, and to mark the place of Livingstone's death by some more permanent memorial. This programme, we are glad to say, has in part been successfully carried out. Mr. Sharpe, on his return to Central Africa, arranged for an expedition to visit Chitambo's, but. owing to the illness of the officer who was to be in com mand, the dispatch of the expedition was un avoidably postponed. In the spring of this year, finding that Mr. Ro bert Codrington, the Deputy Administrator of Northern Rhodesia, was about to make an official journey to the Bangweulu region, Mr. Sharpe begged Mr. Codrington to carry out the wishes of the Royal ?Geographical Society. This Mr. Cod rington at once undertook to do, and we are now in a position to give some interesting particulars ot the manner in which Mr. Codrington has ful filled his task. He reached Chitamno's — that is the new village — on May 9, and found the chief of that name to be an intelligent man, about 30 years of age, who appears to exercise very little authority among his people. The present Chit ambo must nave succeeded his fattier, the Chit ! ambo of Livingstone's time, when quite a child, for he told Mr. Codrington that his father had ! died in the same year as Dr. Livingstone, and was ? buried under the same tree beneath which Dr. ! Livingstone's heart was interred. On the fol | lowing day — May 10 — Mr. Codrington set out, with Chitambo as his guide, and after travelling 10 miles in an E.S.E. direction, arrived at the site of the old village, and found the tree of which he was in search. He took various measurements, the trunk round the base measuring 13ft 5in, and at a height of 4ft Sin from the ground, at the bot tom of the inscription, it .measured 10ft lin. The bark had been cut away to enable the inscription to be carved, and had grown over part of the 'E' in Livingstone and of the 'S' in 1873. The tree was very hollow, and the wood was rotting, being full of borers. Mr. Codrington took several photographs of the tree, and then having bound the inscription round with clothV cut the tree down. The centre of the stump was quit rotten, and in it Mr. Codrington fixed a telegraph pole which was stamped firmly in with ant- heap earth and water. From obser vations taken with the boiling-point thermome ter, he found the altitude of the spot to be 3877ft. The next two days were spent in cutting out the section of the tree bearing the inscription, and in adziag out the inside so as to reduce the section to a practicable .load. Curiously enough, the in scription carved by JacqbJWainwright is not to be I found in the 'Last Journals' or in any .of the I lives of the great missionary. It is now isome what eaten away, and the letters are very indis tinct, but Mr. Codrington made it out to be as follows: . ? . . .; -.. DR. LIVINGSTONS, ; May 4, 1873. . ? .ZA MNIASERE, ' UGHOPERE Having reduced the section to such a size that It could be carried by one pi his porters, Mr. Cod rington proceeded on his journey to the Tangan yika Plateau, and from there sent the section to Lake Nyasea for transport to Mr. Sharpe at Zomba, where It will be carefully packed ana Bent to Ijondon. It is Intended that thU Interesting relic of J3r. Livingstone shall find a permanent resting place at the room* of the Koy&l; Gaoera phical Society in Savile Row, where there are al ready to be found the sextant used by Dr. living stone, and some leaves from the mpunda tree sent home by Mr. Weatherley. In time, no doubt, some more imposing monument will mark the place -where Livingstone died; but in the mean time the steps taken by Mr. Codrington will pre vent, all memory of the spot from being lost, as might very well have been the case had Mr. Poulett Weatherley not directed attention to the fact that the tree was so rapidly decaying, and had not prompt action been taken on his report. — 'Daily News.' . , 