M TERRIBLE BUSH FIRE AT PORCUPINE RIDGE. A GRAPHIC LETTER. FROM OUR CHATTERBOX. "RIDE, BOY, RIDE FOR HELP!" Porcupine Ridge, Near Glenlyon, Feb. 1, 1899. Dear Aunt Connie,— We had a dread ful bushfire here Monday, Jan 9th. It started in a paddock the other side of Mt. Franklin, and as there was a strong wind blowing at the time it soon reached the Ridge. Some of the farmers had their crops, Grass and fences all destroyed In a few minutes. Fields which, in the morning, were covered with pretty stooks of grain now lay black and bare, with little heaps of ashes here and there to mark the place where the stooks had been. The fire rushed along with blinding smoke and tongues of flame at the rate of about five miles an hour. Oh, it was awful! Father rushed down to help, leaving the boys at home. Soon after a man on horseback came galloping up, and, throwing the reins to Willie, he said, 'Ride, boy; ride to Glenlyon for help; never mind if the Horse drops dead." Then Dave and Walter cut down green boughs, and waited among the stooks over the hill to give warning to mother if the fire came too near. Inside we were very busy. Mother, Jessie and I carried our bedding, clothes and some furniture into the garden, and filled all the buckets and tubs with water in case It was needed. Little Hilda ran backwards and for wards, highly amused to see such funny things in a garden. There were only three families on the Ridge who escaped, and we can only thank God who saved us in such a time of danger. Some farmers lost last year's hay, all this year's crop, save a few stooks, straw stacks, miles of fencing, and all their grass. They had to send their sheep to be sold, and take the horses and cattle to graze elsewhere. Fortunately, all the homesteads were saved, and no one was seriously hurt fighting the fire. Our dear little church was burnt. There is nothing left of it except the chimney, and I don't know whether we shall be able to get another built. We are so sorry because the roads are so rough for driving to Dry Diggings, and little Hilda Is too young to walk and too heavy to carry. The poor little post-office went too, and now the little oven stands on the bare ground with the lid burnt off. Close by it is a big tin tub with the bottom out, upon which is facetiously written "Let ter Box." Mother says it is a good tiling there is some fun left in someone after such heavy losses. Walter and I nearly trod on a snake when we were coming home from school one day in December. It did give us such a fright. Willie killed one a little while after. It was the first he ever killed, and we thought is was plucky of him. He and Jessie have left school, so there will be only three of us going now. Davie sends his love to the boys (only the boys, be says), and he will write by and bye. He and Will are helping father to cart in the crop, and we are milking twenty cows of our own and five of one of the neighbors, who got his grass burnt. When night comes round he is too tired to do anything but have a short read and go to bed. He has collected over LI, but wants to get L2 before he sends the card back. When is Uncle Ben going to give his decision about the cramming. I hope he writes another nice letter like that Christ mas one. He deserved a big piece of plum pudding for that. Mother says Mr Deakin is too hard on Mr Peacock about the State school edu cation. She was a S.S. teacher herself twenty years ago, and she knows some thing about it. She has kept her eye on our home lessons right up to the merit certificate, and she says the arithmetic is far harder than it used to be, and twenty years ago there were no lessons given on science, temperance, health, etc. So there must be some advance. One day I was giving a lesson in read ing to the first class, and a little girl read, "The fpx looked--. Oh, my, Louie, ain't it awful hot?" and we all burst out laughing. Another day Walter came home from school, and proudly announced that he was the best in the fourth class that day. "Indeed," said mother, very quietly, "Did Mr Green say so?" "No," he answered. "Then how do you know?" said mother. "Oh, all the rest got stood on the desk, and 1 only got stood on the form," said Walter. I spent a week of my holiday at Dry Diggings, and another at Daylesford, and enjoyed the visits very much. People were all so kind and nice to me. We are all glad to know Cousin Tesa passed the matric., aud hope she will be happy wherever she goes. With kisses for dear little Connie and Florrie, and love to you, Uncle Ben, and ail my cousins,— 1 remain. Your loviug little Chatterbox, LOUIE HELEN RUSSELL. 