WISEMAN'S FERRY REGATTA. WISEMAN'S FERRY, Saturday. The Wiseman's Ferry regatta was held to-day. The attendance was large. Double- scull race (five entries) : J. and E. Gronos (Little Wonder), 1 ; D. Books and N. Mitchell, 2 ; W. and Peter Kemp, 3\. Distance 2½ miles. Time, 18 minutes 36 seconds. In the sailing race local boats, over 6 mile course, there were four entries. A. Gronos' Wanderer, 1. None of the other boats finished owing to accidents. A very strong north-easter was blowing. Time, 1 hour 19 minutes. Sailing race, all comers, 6-mile course, only two boats started. A. Gronos' Wanderer, 1 ; D. Book's Venus, 2. This was a splendid race, Wanderer won by 36 seconds. Time, 1 hour 38½ minutes. ALBURY, Saturday. The cottage hospital, the property of Mr. Owen Hickey, was burned down with all the contents to-day. The furniture was insured for £100 in the Alliance Company, the building for £150 in the Aus- tralian Mutual office. BALRANALD, Saturday. A fire occurred in the kitchen of Mr. Griffin's boarding-house this morning. The building was entirely destroyed. The house adjoining, owned by Mr. McGuinness, caught, but was extin- guished by the fire brigade before much damage was done. A fierce hot north wind was blowing, and for a time it was feared the fire would spread over half the town. The brigade worked splendidly, and were the means of saving several thousand pounds' worth of property. Mr. Griffin was insured in the North British Company for £550, and Mr. McGuinness in the same company for £150. The total damage is estimated at about £700. BOMBALA, Saturday. Mr. Hyam Joseph has been elected Mayor. BALLINA, Saturday. An election to fill the extraordinary vacancy in the council was held to-day. Mr. T. Temperley was returned by 114 votes. Mr. C. B. Street polled 85. BOURKE, Sunday. A fire occurred this morning in a cottage in Mertin- street, owned by Mr. R. H. Warmoll. As a heavy gale was blowing the place was quickly demolished, besides several bedrooms and stables belonging to Tobin's Hotel. The fire brigade worked very effec- tively, saving the hotel and Mr. K. C. McKenzie's residence. The furniture from the latter and from the hotel was carried into the street, much of it being damaged. Warmoll's loss is about £500 ; McKenzie lost £100 by furniture broken and destroyed ; Tobin's loss is about £300. All are insured, but the loss is not more than half covered. Sixty-five points of rain fell this afternoon. Weather still threatening. BOWRAL, Saturday. The annual inspection of H Company 2nd In- frantry Regiment was carried out this afternoon by Lieutenant-Colonel Waddell, the officer commanding the infantry forces. The muster was not up to ex- pectation, but the inspecting officer expressed satis- faction with the efficiency of those present. BYRON BAY, Saturday. The Excelsior left Byron Bay at 6.30 p.m. with the following passengers—Messrs. Nelson, Robinson, and Smith. The cargo comprises 45,000ft. pine, 23 tons butter, 6 tons bacon 12 tins lard, 8 bags fowls, 1 coop fowls. BROKEN HILL, Sunday. The adjourned inquest touching the death of John Fenotti, who was smashed beneath a fall of earth in Block 12 on Tuesday, was concluded on Saturday evening. Little fresh evidence was taken, but some witnesses were recalled for further cross- examination by the jury. After an hour's delivera- tion by the jury the foreman informed the coroner that there was no hope of an agreement. They were then locked up for five hours, at the end of which time they were as far off a verdict as ever, and were accordingly discharged. Sydney Allen was committed for trial at the police court yesterday on a charge of breaking and entering the dwelling of Peter Jones and stealing certain articles. Yesterday rain set in. Up to 3 o'clock this morn- ing 70 points were registered. CARCOAR, Saturday. The funeral of the late Mr. Henry Molloy took place this afternoon, and was attended by a very large concourse of people. The body was buried in the Roman Catholic portion of Carcoar Cemetery, the Rev. Father Kelly conducting the service. CASSILIS, Saturday. The Land Board (Mr. James Vernon chairman and Mr. Bishop member) dealt with 23 cases to-day. A large number of annual leases were granted. Inspector Coombes leaves here for Merriwa to- morrow. Rain is badly wanted, the river being lower than for many years. Eager inquiries are to hand from northern runholders for grass paddocks. COBAR, Saturday. A miner named Curnow fell to-day from one level to another in the Great Cobar mine, breaking his neck. He leaves a young family. The Cobar Gold Mines, Limited, are now erecting ironbark girders on the brick piers for cyanide steel vats. The manager of the Great Cobar mine is now putting down pipes to convey water from Fort Bourke dam, as the copper mine water will only last a fortnight. The Fort Bourke dam contains 15 million gallons of water suitable for mining pur- poses only, and its use is restricted to that purpose. EDEN, Saturday. The country is exceptionally dry. The Rev. F. Bevan, organising secretary of the Church Society in the Goulburn diocese, has been lecturing here with much success. GLEN INNES, Saturday. A proposal is on foot to prepare an estimate of the commercial value of timber on the Grafton-Glen Innes railway route recently surveyed to Kennedy. GOSFORD, Saturday. The Railway Commissioners intend making a number of improvements in connection with the Woy Woy railway station, the present accommoda- tion being inadequate for present requirements. GOULBURN, Saturday. The jockey Hazell, who was injured yesterday, is now in the hospital. A blood vessel in his head has broken, and his condition is more serious than was at first thought. Parrots are attacking the potato crops at Taralga, doing much damage, cutting the stalks off near the ground. Large numbers of stock are being removed from that district. GUNDAGAI, Saturday. A coach accident happened this evening to Col- lier's coach between Keno and Gundagai. The coach overturned through the horses bolting. A passenger named Long, a resident of Burrowa, had his leg broken in three places, and the driver, Col- lier, was seriously bruised. The remaining pas- sengers escaped with a severe shaking. HARDEN, Saturday. An instructive lecture on " Modern Agriculture " was given last night in the Mechanics' Institute by Mr. J. L.Thompson (travelling agricultural in- structor) to a large audience. Several questions in relation to crops were asked, and valuable informa- tion was given. A vote of thanks was proposed and carried with acclamation. MOLONG, Saturday. The promoters of the Molong District Dairying Company addressed a public meeting of farmers and others at Garra this afternoon, the principal speakers being Messrs. P. F. A. Kinna, F. E. Churchill, and G. W. Griffith. Shares are being freely applied for, and the company will com- mence operations when 1200 shares are subscribed. Mr. H. S. M. Betts, J.P., one of the oldest residents of the district, died yesterday afternoon, from an affection of the heart. He was a member of the Molong Pastoral and Agricultural Association and the Molong Land Board. The Burdett people are agitating for a public pound. the Progress Committee are also petition- ing for repair of part of Burdett-Toogong road, which in the present state is a menace to the safety of teamsters and travellers. MOREE, Saturday. The election for the extraordinary vacancy in the council resulted in the return of Mr. J. S. Crane. The feed prospects are considered good enough to justify graziers in bringing back stock sent to other districts. MOSSGIEL, Saturday. Yesterday morning a thunderstorm came up, but only two points of rain fell. This was followed by a terrific sandstorm, which lasted throughout the day. MOSS VALE, Saturday. The following are the stock returns of the Berrima district for the year 1898 :—Horses, 3112 ; cattle, 23,801 ; sheep, 40,558 ; pigs, 3090, as against the previous year ; horses, 3733 ; cattle, 27,144 ; sheep, 42,667 ; pigs, 2935, thus showing a considerable decrease all round except in pigs, doubtless thhe result of the very dry summer. During the last few weeks large numbers of cattle have been truckec from Moss Vale at frequent intervals for the Rich- mond River district owing to the scarcity of grass and water. The annual meeting of the directors of the Berrima district Pastures and Stock Protection Board was held here yesterday. Mr. John A Badgery occupied the chair. Reference was made as to dealing with the imported dairy stock, and the board concurred with the resolution passed by the Denman and Muswell- brook boards to the effect that the Government should sell the cattle, instead of keeping them. The rabbit pest question was also discussed, and it was agreed that the dealing with the pest should be placed in the hands of the various boards throughout the colony. The following gentlemen were recom- mended by the board as directors of the Berrima Dis- trict Sheep Board :—Mr. John A. Badgery, Mr. Walter Morrice, Mr. Charles L. Nicholson, Mr. A. E. Cordeaux, Mr. A. E. A. Morrice ; and for the Berrima District Pastures and Stock Protection Board Mr. M. Butler, Mr. Thomas Ferguson, and Mr. Andrew D. Badgery were recommended as directors. MURRURUNDI, Saturday. The Quarter Sessions and District Court opened this morning before Acting Judge Harris. James Hardcastle, licensee of the Railway Hotel, Scone, appealed against the conviction by Mr. G. R. Evans, licensing magistrate, at the Licensing Court held at Scone on December 9 for having on November 20 sold liquors to persons who were not bonafide travellers or lodgers. The appeal was upheld. NOWRA, Saturday. Mr. W. W. Hamilton, manager of the A.J.S. Bank, it transpires, goes to the Wollongong branch as accountant, and not as manager. This is on his own election, and in consequence of the closing of the brunch in Nowra. Mrs. McLeod, a very old resident of the district, died here to-day, aged 92. She came to the colony from Scotland upwards of 60 years ago. Mrs. McLeod leaves two daughters and two sons, one of the former, Mrs. Hammock, is a resident of this town. NARRANDERA, Saturday. At the Quarter Sessions, before Judge Rogers, William Gordon Lewis, for an indecent assault, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment at Hay, the sentence to be suspended under the First Offen- ders' Act. The cases against Hindocs on charges of assault and robbery were postponed to 15th July owing to a difficulty in empanelling a jury. Wil- liam Brown, who was charged with a serious offence, was found not guilty and discharged. NARRABRI, Saturday. Under the auspices of the Narrabri Farmers' As- sociation a ploughing exhibition was given to-day by Mr. A. Robertson, representing the Massey- Harris Farming Implement Manufacturing Company, at Mr. A. Gett's. Upwards of fifty farmers attended. A four-furrowed plough, covering over 40 inches, and pulverising the ground into a perfect seedbed, was first tried on ploughed ground, giving satis- faction. A double-furrowed plough, worked with two horses, was successfully tested. The seed sowing and cultivating machine was also tried and much approved. Mr. Robertson likewise showed the capabilities of other ploughs for breakingup new soil. This is the first exhibition of the kind locally held and created great interest in the district. PAMBULA, Saturday. The new bridge over Burton's Creek, Lochiel, is now completed. The contractors gave a dance and social on the bridge last night. Large numbers of visitors attended. Bushfires are again burning to the west of the town and Lochiel. PICTON, Saturday. At the annual meeting of the School of Arts held on Wednesday evening last the hon. secretary pre- assented his report, which showed a substantial credit balance, after paying for a fresh supply of books for the library. There is no debt on the building. The following committee were elected :—Revs. D. H. Dillon and J. Steele (hon. treasurer), Messrs. Blumer (hon. secretary), J. M. Antill, (patron), Clif - ton, W. R. Antill, A. A. Brown, McQuiggin (Mayor), W. Larkin, Stott, F. Burgess, Connor, Laverty, R. H. Antill, Nicholson, G. Bell, and Shep- pard. A very successful bazaar was hold on Thursday and Friday last in aid of the Philharmonic Society. The proceeds far exceeded the expectation of the pro- moters The dam at Bargo River for the water supply of the town is nearly completed, and the reservoir is being constructed. It is expected that the water will be available in July next. SINGLETON, Saturday. The half-yearly balance-sheet for the Borough of Singleton shows revenue, £664 4s 8d ; expenditure, £543 8s 8d ; overdraft close of half-year, £627 13s 4d. The balance-sheet for the municipal district of South Singleton shows revenue, £223 14s 2d ; ex- penditure, £242 11s 8d ; overdraft, £450 6s 9d. Messrs. Bede Moylan and Eric Treatt leave to- morrow to join the Lancers for England. Mr. Moylan is the son of the local senior-sergeant, and is a first-class horseman. Mr. Treatt is the son of the local C.P.S., and both are good specimens of young Australia. WALGETT, Saturday. At a meeting of the Walgett P. and A. Associa- tion yesterday, it was determined to abandon the show this year owing to the drought. The Barwon Amateur Turf Club has indefinitely postponed the race meeting from the same cause. Messrs. James Quinn, A. S. Barton, and T. Clark have been elected large stock directors. 