CORRESPONDENCE. "Holmwood," Croydon, December 13tU 1808. Dear Cinderella, — It is some time since I linvc written to you. I was very pleased to receive Honour- j able Mention for my lust letter, I think the cards, wbicli you send very pretty. Seeing "T1.» T.r.iuler" of the 2Gth of November; that a prize was offered for tlie best story by any child over twelve, I thought I would , try, so I nm sending you a story, (with this j letter,) which I hope will win the prize. | During the Christmas holidays a concert Is going 'to be held in the Mooroolbark State School. The proceeds are going towards building a shelter shed for the children. The spnrrows have destroyed a lot of our cher ries this year, They nre a great nuisance to both fruit and grain. The fruit crop is very light this year. Every-one about here is very busy now getting their hay carted in. My father killed a snake to-day, about a couple of yards from the house. It was not a very big one. We have had some very changeable weather here lately. I have no more to tell you this time, so wishing you A Merry Christmas and a Happy New l'ear. I remain your sincere inenu SOPHIE HAYTON. 14 years and 8 months. Byaduk Nth 7/12/1808 Dear Cinderella, — I am returning the collecting card, with the amount collected; sixteen shillings. I nra sorry I kept the card so long. Please Cinderella, will you send me a picture of the Cot, I would like to have one, as I col lected, Christmas will soon be here, and we will be having our month's holiday from school In a few week's time. I think wc are going to have a picnic lu the holidays,. We have 4 pet lambs, named, Bell. Violet, Mlu- . Die, and Paddy. .Shearing Is nearly all &££? now, In most of the sheds about here. There are twenty scholars going to our school now, and there are Ave more going to start after Xmaa. We have a lot of young turkeys and chickens this year. Wc have some cherry trees In our garden, but there Is not much fruit, as the birds arc enting It. . My sister Winnie's birthday Is on the 12tli of this month, and Ellen's is on New Year's Day. Since I started to write this letter my father brought homo nnothcr lamb for n pet. Dear Cinderella I think my letter Is getting too long. Wishing you n merry Christmas, and a Happy New Year, I remain, your affectionate friend ISABELLA M'LEOD. Age, 13 years 3 mouths. . Swan Hill. Vic. Dear Cinderella, — It is very hot and dusty up hejc lUe far mers are hay making J gg to School and I am In the fonytll 0l?.K6 I have four brothers We jjnyg Ji ">ony which our father gave to 06 In Jubilee Year So wc call it Jubilee. We enn see the steamers coming up the Murray River, from our door. I have two Aunties living in Western Australia but they are over here Just now for a holiday I nm stay ing down at my uncle John's, about a mile and half from Bwnn Hill and he takes "The Leader" every week Please put this letter In "The Leader" I Remain Your new friend, Age 10 years. - JOHN P. L. PRATT. 33 Spring-street East rrahran, 0/11/98 Dear Cinderella, — I hope you are quite well. This Is the first time I have written to you and I hope I shall see the letter in "The Leader." I am In the sixth class at school. Our Sun- jday school picnic is coming near. We nre going to Meutonc. I went up to Castlemaine ' in September and enjoyed myself very much, jl have no brothers or sisters. My uncle (gets "The Leader" every week and I often Ircad the "Children's Column." Dear Cln- idcrclla It .has been very nasty weather here no vain but all dust. It has been very un pleasant to-day. We have n few horses. Our house has just been painted and It looks very nice. The room that I sleep In wns papered by the same man. As this is all the news at present I must conclude. I remain Denr Cinderella Your Sincere P rlcnd GOULBURN G. GRINLINGSON. Age, 12 years 2 months. Ciiffdoon Nsorim North 4tli Dec. 1898, Dear Cinderella,— It is n long time eince I wrote to you. We are milking two cows, each of them gives a bucket full night and morning. I am in the fourth class at school. Father and mother went to Wanthaggi about six mileB from tho ocean, there is some nice grass down there some of it is as high as the fence. When I last wroto to you we were living at Buln Bulu now wo liavo moved to Neerim North. We had a very rough time coming up here, trees were falling, and it blow, hailed and rained. We had been at Neerim North a year on the 1st of October. Wehavo a nice lot of vegetables in. We hare Bixteen hens, and one rooster, and ninetoen little chickens. Last year the bush- fires were terrible some of the peoples houses were burn't to the ground, and others were just saveil with much risk. There waa a Coffee- palace, Store, and a MachaniceB Institute burnt. We did not get the fire very badly, but one of our noighbora had to send a nurse and three children up to our place for two days and three nights. The flowers are coming out nioely. The school is about a mile from our place. It ; is built of paling, and stands on a hill. Inside it is lined half way up with lining boardB. There are three big windows and a big door. There are 32 children going to tlic school. Our masters namo is Mr Fraser. It is very scrubby up here but there are nice wild flowers along the roads. Our nearest storo is 31 . miles, and the Post-ofllco about a mile, but the post only comes in 3 times a week — Tuesdays, Thurs days, and Saturdays. Please sond o collecting card. — I am vour trulv EDITH C. C. BARRETT Age 9 years 3 months. Lolbert Ef.st, Deo. 5, 1898 Dear Cinderella,— I tame from Bealibi and I have no Mother nor Father, they are both dead. I have five brothers and two Bisters and I can milk tho cows and ride the pony I have not been long up bore please to send "me a collecting card, 1 would like to see this letter in "The Lender. The people up here are very busy stripping their crops I like gathering in tho eggs. My adopted father and I like reading the ohildren letters, they are no sehool up hero but there will be one soon and then I am going to school again and will learn to write better I shall be able to tell you more about tho place next time I write I hare been from school for four months, I was in the socond ciasB when I left school, my teacher was very nice I am waiting for the Xmas holidays to see my adopted brother home from school, his namo is Victor from your little friend, ALICE E. COLLETT. Woodlands Jan. 8th 1899 Dear Cinderella, — This is the first letter I have written to you, and I hopo to soo it in " Tho Leader." I wont to tho Pyramid Bports with my cousins on Now Year's day. It was a very nasty day, though I enjoyed myself very much.- I climbed half way up Pyramid Hill, and had to come down because I got sick. I am staying with my Uncle at Calival for a fortnight. This is all the news I can think of this time. I romain, your loving friond, SARAH STEEN. Ago 12 yrs. II mtbs. Sboopwash-road, 5.12.98 Bcndigo. Dear Cinderella, — This is my second letter to you, but as I did not Bee my first letter in The Loader," I thought I would try again. I nm Bending back my card with nine shillings and threopence. How aro tbe poor littlo children in the cot get ting on this hot woathor. It is our school picnic on Wednes day. It is to be at Marong. I hope it will bo a nice day. Now I will close, wishing you a merry Christmas and a happy new year when the time comes, from vour new friend. KATIE MILLER. Rosella Wilby PO. December 11th 98. Door Cinderella, -» I am writing you another letter as you did not put my last letter in " The Leader " and am sending my collecting card with this letter, I did my best to collect as much na I Could I have got £1 7s, 0d.! I dont think the eardB aro big enough to hold tho names. Miss B. Tanner has got tho measles in Yarrawonga. W o hare somo cherry plums ripe Mise Spurr, our school teacher, has had the School painted. Father ie buBy stripping, tho harvester broke down yester day. I am going to school this morning and coming home home this afternoon to go to Yar rawonga. We havo two kittens and one dag and we havo a lot of obickens. Father sowed a lot of maize in tbe garden it is growing splen didly. I am in the Fourth olaBs at sehool. Wishing tbo cot a success I am your loving Friend ANNIE V. OAVANAGH. 11 years old. 