EARLY EXPERIENCES IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. [By James C. Hawker.] No. XI — Survey on the Start River — Murder at Port Lincoln — Ungrateful Natives — Faulty Food — Game-shooting in the Hills — Jackass or Na- tive ? — A Bush Fire — Life and Property in Danger — Hot Work — Narrow Escapes — Exciting Ride through the Fire. In the beginning of December, 1838, a large survey camp was formed on the op- posite side of the Sturt River, a little to the left of the present bridge, crossing the river on the South Main road just before reaching the foot of Tapley's Hill. Mr. J. W. Mc- Laren was in command as senior surveyor. He had been engaged in England by the Colonization Commissioners owing to very high credentials which he held, having been for a considerable period on the Ordnance Trigonometrical Survey of Ireland. His qualifications were so well appreciated in the colony that in October, 1847, he was appointed Deputy- Surveyor-General. Mr. McLaren was accompanied in camp by his wife, a large ordnance double marquee be- ing provided for their use. The second officer was Mr. Richard Counsell, who went to Tasmania in 1832 and was in the Survey Department there, but believing there was a better opening for him in his profession, he came over to Adelaide. On the promotion of Mr. McLaren in 1847 Mr. Counsell was made senior surveyor in the Survey Office in Adelaide, which appointment he held for some time, but eventually he went to Vic- toria, where he filled a position under the Surveyor-General for many years, first in the field, and then in the office, till he retired on a well-earned pension in 1863. He then took to agricultural pursuits, and until his death in 1875 lived on a farm he purchased some sixty miles from Melbourne. One of his daughters was lately a Sister in the Magdalene Home at Mount St. Canice, Sandy Bay, near Hobart, and the present Surveyor-General of Tasmania, Mr. E.A. Counsell, is a nephew. The third officer was Mr. John Charles Darke, who also came from Tasmania with excellent credentials. He was a kind-hearted, jovial man and took great interest in his work. In 1842 he surveyed some sections for us at Bungaree Station, but, poor fellow, his career was cut short in a mournful man ner, as the following statements relate : — Port Lincoln, November 2, 1844. Sir — It is my mournful duty to apprise you, for the information of His Excel- lency the Governor, that Mr. Darke, who with an exploring party left Port Lincoln on the 29th of August last, died on the 24th ultimo from injuries inflicted by natives un- known. Mr. Theakeston and the other two individuals who composed Mr. Darke's party arrived in Port Lincoln to-day. Chas. Driver, J.P., Government Resident. To His Excellency the Governor, John H. Theakeston, of Adelaide, gentle- man, maketh oath and saithc— On the 23rd October last I was sitting in a tent at a spot about 190 miles from Port Lincoln, in a northerly direction. Mr. John Charles Darke had left the tent about a minute, when I heard him call out. I immediately ran towards the spot with my gun, saw a native in the act of throwing a spear, fired at the native, who ran away. I then ran to the spot where the native had stood, when I saw Mr. Darke on the ground, with three spear wounds. I saw about twenty other blacks, but all ran away, and I saw no more of them. Mr. Darke had no weapon with him when be left the tent. I caused him to be carried back to the tent. He died from his wounds on Thursday, the 21th of October, at five minutes before midnight. Natives had accompanied our party all the previous day, and Mr. Darke had made pre- sents to them of tools, and also sugar and damper, the latter of which they would not eat. (Signed) John Henry Theakeston. Sworn before me at Port Lincoln, No- vember 2, 1844, Chas. Driver, J.P., Govern- ment Resident. In the last week of December, 1838, I joined Mr. McLaren's party as fourth officer. For a short time we were employed surveying sections where Marion is now situated, then from Glenelg to Brighton. This, in the month of January, was very warm work and dry ; what drinkables we required we had to take with us, for no cart at this time was attached to the camp. Small kegs of water were carried by some of the chainmen, and from twelve to fif- teen miles we had to walk each day whilst surveying along tbe coast sandhills and be- tween there and our camp. Our provisions were of the worst possible description. No doubt when shipped in London for survey use they were in good order, but when dis- charged at Holdfast Bay there was no place to store them, and they were for weeks ex- posed to sun and wet. The pickle in the casks of salt pork and beef was pretty well evaporated, the pork was of a beautiful saffron colour, and so rancid that the meat had to be steeped in fresh water for a considerable time to get rid of the effluvia before we could cook it. The salt junk, otherwise called beef, had to be treated in the same way, and the flour was not only sour, but the ends of the casks and the sides for about four or five inches depth, were mildewed and turned into a hard, chalky state. Quail were very plentiful, as well as parrots. I always carried my gun slung over my shoulder, and frequently got a good pot shot, and the result was fully appreciated at mess. Mutton was 1s. 3d., and kangaroo meat 1s. per lb., so that our allowance of the former was infinitesimal per week. I used to walk up to Govern- ment House on Saturday afternoons and return late on Sunday, so as to be ready for work on Monday. It was suggested by my brother officers that I might in a casual and unofficial way mention to Colonel Gawler, he being my guardian, that the pro- visions supplied by the commissariat to the whole camp, consisting of over fifty individ- uals, were not of a class to keep up the stamina of men working on foot from early in the morning until near sunset. Some salt provisions, furnished to Government House and condemned, but far superior to ours, afforded me an opportunity of repre- senting our case. His Excellency personally inspected the provisions at the commissariat store, which were being issued to the vari- ous survey camps, and the result was that a large proportion were condemned, with the exception of the flour, which was a very scarce article in the colony and steadily rising in price. One of our most popular dishes was called a kangaroo steamer, being made of kangaroo meat, plenty of slices of fat salt pork, and flour for thickening, plen- ty of pepper, and, if procurable, some onion — the whole was stewed slowly over a bushfire until it could be eaten with a spoon. We had a certain small amount of tinned meats, as no vegetables were pro- curable excepting what were mixed with them. After finishing the survey within a certain radius of our Sturt River camp we moved to Happy Valley, about a half mile to the left of the old Clarendon-road. The whole valley had the appearance of an im- mense wheat field ; the kangaroo grass was over 6 feet in height. My first introduction to a kangaroo was about 100 yards from my tent. When forcing my way through the grass, on a very warm day, I nearly tum- bled over a great boomer, which was lying in the shade of the grass. He bolted upright, and for some seconds stared at me, and I at him, quite forgetting that I had my gun. I was so taken aback that I lost the chance of acquiring a fine lot of meat for camp use, for he was off before I recovered my wits. Being the only sportsman in the party, I was allowed, except when there was a crush of work, two afternoons in the week to try and obtain some birds or a kangaroo for the general mess. Bronze pigeons, cockatoos, parrots, and quail were very plentiful, and I frequently made a good bag. I had been cautioned, owing to the natives having committed several murders, to be careful not to go too far from the camp. On one occasion I had strolled rather far after some pigeons, when a laughing jackass gave his unearthly laugh, and immediately seve- ral others joined in chorus. Not having the slightest idea that birds were the cause of the horrible din, I made sure some na- tives must be making a hostile demonstra- tion, and made tracks for the open ground. No human being showing up I cautious- ly looked up to the trees, thinking a spear might come from there, when a bird flying from amongst the branches suddenly began to laugh, and relieved me of the idea that natives were in the vicinity. Captain T. S. O'Halloran, late 97th Regiment — subse- quently Major commanding the first volun- teer corps — arrived with his family by the Rojasthan ship in November, 1838. He purchased land about a mile and a half from our camp, and nearly facing the old Southern-road, the locality being, named O'Halloran Hill. On this property he erected some good-sized wooden Manning houses, which he had brought out from England. Several weeks after we had formed our camp at Happy Valley some men came down to the far end of the valley to cut grass for hay to supply fodder, which was required for the police horses, and they pitched a tent there. Mr. Darke, myself, and some of our men one morning were out surveying about a mile in a direct line from the camp, and in scrubby ground ; the men had cut a gap through the scrub, and I was fixing a pole in the ground with a red flag on it to mark the extreme end of the line for the men to chain up to. The scrub was scanty here, and I could just see through it the large gum-trees in the valley, when an extraordinary crackling sound at- tracted my attention, and going in the di- rection it proceeded from to my astonish- ment I saw that the tremendous high grass in the head of the valley was on fire. The flames were running up to the very top of the big gum-trees. The sight was grand, and not at all realizing the fearful posi- tion we were in a broad belt of the high grass being between us and the camp, I ran back to Darke to tell him, thinking he would appreciate the splendid sight, but I was very quickly undeceived. He had seen bushfires in Tasmania, and knowing the rapid rate they travelled, even with very little wind, he realized the great dan- ger we were in. He shouted for the men, who were not far away, and said we must leave all the tools, but take the instru- ments, and race for our lives to the sou- thern end of the valley, where the road passed, and the ground was pretty open, and the grass short. Our occupation, sur- veying on foot day after day, proved of great service to us now, as we were in good training. The terrific roar of the fire gave wings to our feet, for although there was little wind, the tremendous length of the grass — over 6 feet — and scrub being always extremely resinous, the flames rose to a fearful height, and the heat and smoke were awful. It was a good mile from where we started to the road, and although for a short time the fire seemed to gain on us it came on less rapidly where the grass and scrub were short, and we reached the road pretty well blown. To get to the camp we had to run some distance up the road and make a circuit through open ground or scanty scrub for over half a mile to reach the back of it. This we ac- complished, and we were very glad to find that the other men who had been out sur- veying in different directions a shorter dis- tance from camp, had sighted the fire much earlier than we did, and returned in time to beat it back from the tents. The only damage done was the burning of the guys of my tent, which was the furthest out. Our camp being safe I started with six men for Major O'Halloran's, as the fire was very rapidly progressing in his direction. We went at the double, and arrived there just in time. It was no easy job to keep the wooden buildings from catching fire, for pieces of burning twigs would fly across ocasionally from the she oak trees which were blazing a short dis- tance away. What with beating the fire back in one direction and setting fire to the grass to meet it in another we managed to save the place. In after years the Major would often, when we met, refer to this bush fire, and say ''If it had not been for you and your men my homestead would have been utterly destroyed, and myself and fa- mily placed in a position attended with great risk to our lives.'' About a mile and a half away from our then camp was one occupied by seve- ral passengers of the Surry ship, and they were also in great danger from the fire, so a strong party of our men started to render assistance. The grass was short in that locality, so that the fire was not so furious, and the camp was saved. The oc- cupants had been in a great fright, and were much relieved when our men arrived. Mr. McLaren, the senior officer of our camp, had a most miraculous escape. He had left early in the morning on horseback to examine the country near where Cla- rendon is now situated. In returning he got completely surrounded by the fire. Gal- loping in different directions to try and effect his escape, he saw a small locality in which from the grass being fine there was a chance of getting through, but his horse was in such a state of fright that he would not face it. There was not a moment to lose, so Mr. McLaren jumped off, tied his pocket handkerchief over the horse's eyes, rammed his spurs into him, and dashed through, and by a very circuitous route managed to reach the camp. His hat was gone, his whiskers and face. &c.;, much scorched, part of his clothes had been thrown away, and the horse required no clipping, for his coat was close singed. Poor Mrs. McLaren and all of us had been very anxious about him, for we saw that the fire was rapidly running in the direction in which we knew he had gone. Officers and men on his ar- rival warmly congratulated him on his es- cape. The fire was ascribed to the hay- cutters who had in the morning passed our camp on their way to town to arrange for getting the hay carted to there. It was surprised that they had left their camp fire alight, and some live ashes had been blown into the lone grass and ignited it, for the fire was noted as having commenced in their locality. They were severely pun- ished for their carelessness, and their tent, haystack, and all their belongings were burnt. It was many days, owing to the burning timber and the great heat of the ground, before we could resume surveying in the direction which we had been obliged so summarilly to abandon. Kangaroos, wallabys, birds, and numerous reptiles were destroyed by the fire, which spread over an immense tract of country to the eastward and towards the Murray River. The name kangaroo grass was given from the great height it grew. Many colonists used to call it native wheat. Colonists of the present day can have no idea of the wonderful length to which it grew in the rich valleys, where the pasture had never been disturbed except by an occasional bush- fire. In the course of a long experience of the habits of the kangaroo, I can say that they did not feed on this grass, but on a short, fine kind, which they preferred to eat when it was green. 