BUBAL TOPICS. Although moderately cool, the weather in the coast districts during the past week has been muggy and somewhat oppressive. In land, no abatement of the excessive heat took place until the 19th inst., since when cooler weather prevailed, with, in some places, light, rains. .Farmers would now; like to see a steady fall of rain, followed by i a long spell of moist weather, so as to start a growth of vegetation in the stubble fields and admit of an early start being made with the preparation of the soil for next season's cereal crops. Thrashing operations are proceeding vigorously, the returns obtained being generally satisfactory. The vintage in the chief wine-producing districts is ex pected to be a good one, the cool, showery weather -of January and the warmth of Feb- j ruary having suited the requirements of the I vines. The Government astronomer of New South Wales states that since 1895 New I South Wales has been short of j the previous average rainfall for the! .colony, and that, as a consequence, the effects of the accumulated drought j were being felt. The feed on the stations was nearly all consumed, and great losses were being experienced by pastoral ists. One oAvner had written to say that, out of 30,000 sheep shorn, he had been forced to remove 15,000 to save their lives, i and that of the balance 12,000 had already i died, and there was little hope of saving the remaining 3,000. For the week ended on the 16th inst. the Railway department conveyed 209,625 bags of wheat, and at that date 671,910 bags were stacked at various stations await ing removal. The number of bags carried in the corresponding week of last season was only 83,115, ana the number of bags awaiting removal was 388,130. The total quantity conveyed up to the 16th was 1}370,670 bags, ~ as compared with 615,065 bags for the corresponding period of the previous year. The railway authorities foresee a prolonged "grain season"—the longest season probably on record. Subscribers of the Tloyal Agricultural Society are reminded that .it will be neces sary to renevy their subscriptions for the current year in order to acquire the usual privileges in connection with the forthcom ing autumn shoAV. The financial year hav ing ended on December 31, 1898, the new subscription must be paid before March 16, or subscribers will not receiA'e their badge of membership and extra ladies' tickets. When the Forests Commission was visit ing the Barmah and Gunbower state Forests on. the Murray River* recently it vas impressed with the jungle-like appear ince of the belts of young timber. It ad vised the Government to have a number of the saplings cut down and the under prowtb removed, as this thinning-out Avould lasten the growth of the young , timber and mhanee the future value of these forests. Featerday the Minister of Lands brought be recommendation of the commission oe 'ore the Cabinet, and the Treasurer agreed o let the Lands department have £1,000 n. addition to the £500 provided on the Estimates for this year to thin out these Forests. It Avas agreed that this work ihoiild be put in hand at once, and that the nen. employed should be selected from hose who have had their names registered it tire Railway department for some time, thd have so-far been unable to obtain vorkfrom the Government. OniJSaturday, Air, Bondurant, the Go-, irnment tobacco expert, visited the Leon itha labour oolony,- in company with blond. 'Goldstein, the superintendent, for le purpose* of inspecting a stpaU area of >bacoo growing there. Mr. Bondurant lurid that the wants had made satisfactory rogress, though, a mistake had been made f topping them. -ovving, to a want ipjE expe encte. This, however; is bpt a 'trifling. iult»?Which will -be-rectified next- season, bemaf presented* dean, heallby appear icp, ihete being no Btgn of blue mould or be^anjfiritma diwa^s,--There yfyre k few frayrtodtfcdf ate dlwrbut they^ jwteinqt aserioue draw i Colonel Jtemeiteate aB- te .whether ib-lj&£, ^uW mpeib afuiMr. Bohduraht tintedTurn that it would do so in a few puisw m»u U»»V WW TO » avn seks, The leaf is .«» char-' coal fires, instead of "being hung in an open shed, and .subjected to the varying condi tions of the atmosphere, as is the case.in some of the North-Eastern district planta-j tions. The. Minister of Lands explains that first-class .Mallee land will be charged 20/ an acre for the fee-simple, but only . a small area of that country is likely to be so classed. The great bulk of the land will no doubt be re- l garded by the clarification board as being; of second-class quality, and in that case the charge will be 10/ an acre. This reduction iB provided for under the Land Act passed last session. It has been decided by the Minister of Water Supply that part of the money ad vanced to the shire of Castle Donnington under the Mallpe Tanks Act can be ex pended in roofing-in one of the tanks with corrugated iron as an experiment to lessen the evaporation. A tank is to be selected about the same size as another in the same district, and from which there is about an equal consumption of water, for the pur pose of making a comparison between the roofed and the uncovered one. The Minister* of Agriculture for New' South Wales has received most satis- \ factory accounts from consignees of the splendid condition in which the rabbits J and hares sent by the Board of Ex ports have been landed in London. Equally | satisfactory results were obtained with the shipments of poultry and small-goods. Wal laby haunches sold up to 5/ each, and tails from 15/ to 18/ per dozen. The Board of Exports has received inquiries from Lon don for from 100 to 150 tons of first-class honey, which, however," must be of the highest quality. Beeswax is also asked for. Mr. Knight, of the Victorian Agricul tural department, has visited Warra gul, and made arrangements for the consignment to Melbourne of the ce reals and other agricultural produce col lected for the Greater Britain Exhibition. The samples comprised some splendid ex-1 hibits. The oats varied from 6ft. 6in. to 8ft. in height, the wheat stood upwards of ! 5ft., and the cocksfoot grass varied from 5ft. to 6ft. There were also a good sample of English barley, several bushels of | linseed of really excellent quality, and a magnificent sample of flax. At a meeting of a sub-committee of the ] Australian Sheepbreeders' Association, held at Scott's Hotel, the president (Mr. George Fairbairn) in the chair, it was decided that the next, show should be held on Tuesday find Wednesday. 29th and 30th of August next, at the wopl- stores of Goldsbrouglij Mort, and Co. Limited. En tries musjfc be)rcc<^ived by tjiq secretary not \ later than 15 the 1st Au-] ~"h^ amen' gust. Th^ amended regulations were' finally revised amj* jdjmtejL. ..The -only, alteration made was ifi T^dlatibn "8,- ib which it was plainly expresswEttnat/jrilh the exception of ordinary dipping for parasites, no sheep would be allowed to compete that had had its wool oiled or dressed with any foreign matter. The prize-list woe.afso arranged. Mr. M'Alpine, the Government vegetable pathologist, is engaged trying to find a re medy for the blue mould disease, which at tacks tobacco crops in the North-Eastern district just as the leaves are reaching ma turity, and destroys the crop. This dis ease threatens to force those engaged in the cultivation of tobacco to abandon the in dustry. Mr. Bondurant, the tobacco expert, is unable to eombatfeit, saying that it had never made ite appearance in the plantations in the United States, and until he came here be had never seen it. He is, however, endeavouring to find a cure for it. It is believed that the disease is allied to one which is to be found in Java, and inquiries are being made as to what'.steps are taken | in that country to cope with it. 8hould arplicant-s'fbr lnnd who do not appear at the land board to support their j applications receive back 17/6 out of | their £1 application fee? This was a question the Minister of Lands con sidered consequent on a complaint being made by Mr. H. E. Ackland, of Hopetoun, who was an applicant for a mallee allotment, that he had not re ceived a refund of 17/6. Mr. Best in tended at the time he made the promise to refund part of the application fee that only those who put in an appearance at the land board, or those who, through illness or some other reasonable cause, were pre vented from attending the sitting, should receive the refund; otherwise the return ing of 17/6 in every case would encourage speculative applications, and probably dummyism. Out of the hundreds who have applied ior land in the Mallee and elsewhere during the last few months, and have been unsuccessful, only about 10 or 12 have been refused refunds through not following up their application by attending the sitting of the board. As, however, there may have been some misunderstanding in their minds as to the intention of the de partment, Mr. Best has decided to allow these refunds to be made, "but he wishes it to be distinctly understood that in future there will be no money returned to unsuc cessful applicants unless they attend the land board, "or are able to offer a good j reason for not being present. During their recent inspection of the large red-gum reserves on the Murray, in the Barmah and Gunbower districts, the members of the Forests Commission were much"3mpressed by the ragged and jungle like appearance of the belts of young tim ber. Along the main stream, as well ns its flopd courses and swamps, some thou sands of nacres of fine straight young tim ber arp stunted and retarded in growth owing to the -saplings "being too close to gether, while a still younger undergrowth is fast springing up among them. The com mission has decided to deal with the ques tion of systematic improvement felling in its repdri on these reserves, which will be issued early-next month, but in the mean time, as the swamps and ana branches of the river ore now dry, this is the most favourable Sehsofi for carrying on thinning put operatipnB. The. commission has there fore decided to advise the . Government to undertake without delay this necessary Work, as from the beginning of March to the end of July, when the river begins to rise, a marked "Improvement could be made in the belts Of-young timber, thus quicken ing the growth of the saplings, and greatly enhancing- the future value of these northern reserves. In, New South Wales the wbrk offoioet thinning is earned (out by. day-labour,- email -parties of men bring engaged - under competent overseers, and the cost .being-defrayed out of loan funds. Frbm July* 18fl^f4!<t;the/cnd of 1897 atom of over £53,00lf tvas expended m the !m orovement" of the red-gum reservw in Riverina and the pine forests in the Nar randera district, the cost ranging from 8/7 to 13/9 per acre on the heavy red-gum flats/ and 3/6 to 7/ on the pine ridges. Bush-fires broke out during the past week J in several parts of the colony, the North-, eastern district suffering the most. In the j Glenrowan district about 5,000 acres of grass were destroyed, to the serious doss of i a number of dairymen, while, mound -Yea a large area of country has been burned, including about 3,000 acres of the Killing- j worth Estate. ■" I Mr. P. M'WUirter, manager of the Tarras and Morven Hills Station, Otago, has gone ! in for breeding a flock of black sheep, and ■ has already nearly 1,000 on his stations. He finds (writes our Duhedin correspon-1 dent) that the wool commands from Id. i to 2d. more than white. > It is used to make1 the garments of an order of monks whose j rules oblige them to wear clothing made of undyed wool. A recent visitor to the Amuri district (re- ] marks the New Zealand "Weekly Press") speaks in eulogistic terms, of the effectual method in which the rabbit pest has been coped with. Two years ago, when he was in the district, he would not have paid for one of the largest runs in the district the < price of the sheep then running on it owing | to multitudes of rabbits that were to be j seen. Now that only an odd rabbit can be seen here and there, he admits that the value of the estate has been immensely im proved. As an indication of the difference that the absence of the rabbit has made, it may be stated that one station will send i to market two hundred bales of wool in ex- j cess of what has been sent in previous years. Poison and the clearance of the I rabbit-trapper have been responsible for the almost complete disappearance of the ] rabbit from the Amuri. Farmers now largely use artificial manures as they have found that by drill ing in fertilisers with the seed the crop is largely increased. This increased demand for artificial manures has unfortunately led to a few per sons selling an inferior article as good manure. To check this practice, Parlia- j ment passed an act a year or two ago to punish dishonest vendors, but it has been j practically inoperative, because farmers, as a rule, desire to keep clear of law, and willj not follow the procedure required by the ! act to successfully sheet home a case of j fraud. With the view of relieving them , of this unpleasant task, the Minister of j Agriculture intends to ask the Chief Seere-1 tary to allow constables in plain clothes to take samples of artificial manures for analyses, with the view of instituting pro ceedings if they are found to be largely de ficient in the percentage of the constituent j parts set forth in the invoice. . j At the annual meeting of the Queensland Meat Export Agency Company, the directors' report presented showed a profit on the year's transactions of £6,580, which was carried forward. At the close of the ordinary business Mr. W. Weddel, of Lon don, delivered an address on the frozen meat trade and its prospects, which he re garded as hopeful. Mr. John Cameron, the chairman, said that the company liad put through its works 69,000 cattle and 9,700 sheep. The terms offered to owners during 1898 had led to their sending 25,000 cattle to them during the year, and over 12,000 tons of frozen meat had been shipped away, including 1,350 tons to Manila. Agencies for the disposal of the company's tinned meats had been established at Hong Kong, j Manila, South Africa, and numerous places ] in Europe, and there was every reason to i expect a considerable development of the company's business in the future. Owing to the scarcity of stock it had been neces sary to close the Townsville works. j A case of cattle-stealing came before Mr. { Justice Hodges at the Sale Assizes this | week. The defence raised the question of | "recent possession," and the judge held the I objection to be fatal. In directing the jury to find the accused not guilty, he said he did so because recent possession on the part of a prisoner had not been established. The question turned on what was recent possession. In this case the property was < a heifer, and he was aware that cattle were j changing hands regularly. Therefore, re cent possession in the case of cattle could not receive that large definition which might apply in dealing with a watch, where its possession would be limited to a | few persons. With regard to cattle in a farming district, it would be difficult for a ] man to say where he got a beast after nine months. He therefore directed the jury] to return a verdict of not guilty, and this was done. Fanners and graziers say the decision makes their property insecure. A good deal of cattle and horse stealing has gone on in Gippsland of Jate years, and, Iroin the nature of the country, it is easy for the thieves to keep the stolen beasts out of the way until "recent possession" as defined by Mr. Justice Hodges cannot be ] established. Intending exhibitors at* the forthcoming autumn show of the Royal Agricultural Society, which is to take place on the 16th, 17th, and 18th March,, should not forget that entries close on Tuesday, February 28\. at 12 noon. After that date entries, for wlucli double fees will be charged, will be received up to 5 p.m. on March 2. The holding of an autumn show is a new de parture for the society, and it is to be hoped liberal support will be accorded by exhibitors, so as to make it a success. An excellent programme and liberal prizes have been provided, and if exhibitors will come forward in anything like the numbers expected a really first-class show will be provided that is certaiu to attVact a large attendance of the general public. Owners of horses, more particularly thoroughbreds, hunters, hackneys, &c.;, will have a splen did opportunity of bringing their animals under notice* whil$ farmers atjd : fruit growers, if they are $0 minded, eanmake a display thfijf wSll bejjiqj? oply- educational, but will indicate the resources of the colony in such a manner as to induce many people to go on the land. With a view of induc ing a large attendance of eountry visitors, the Commissioner <)f Railways, as the result of an interview,-with the president of the' society, Mr. Skene, and the secretary* Mr, Thomas Ratterso'p{ has granted the follow ing special fares ini ^connection with the show:—For distances up to 110 miOes from Melbourne holiday excursion fares, and for distances over that length holiday excur sion hares for the 110 miles, and single fare for the return journey for the mileage in excess. The tickets will be issued from the 13th to the 18th March, both dates in cluded, and will be available for return up to the 22nd March. The Anaurus has cleared from a South Australian outporjt for the Fiver Tyne with a cargo of wheat oh account of the South Australian Far mers' Union. She .is the first of the ves sels, wliich the union will load during the season on behalf of the farmers. About 150 shippers are concerned in the cargo. The wheat is consigned to the Wholesale Co operative Society of Great Britain. Several other vessels are almost loaded, and will take their departure shortly. Experiments in America tend to show that clover sown in the orchard not only furnishes nitrogen for trees and fruit, but an analysis of the soil in some orchards has shown that where crimson clover was grown 30 per cent, more moisture was con tained in the soil than in adjacent orchards where no clover had been grown. This, it is claimed, secures and furnishes two elements, forming the basis' for successful horticulture and agriculture—water and humus. Regardless of all that has been said and written about "off flavours" and despite the fact that the cause—bad milk—is star ing butter-makers in the face, there is, says the "New Zealand Dairyman," practically no improvement noticeable in the flavour of this season's butter over that of last season's. In a few instances independent managers—hacked up by far-seeing direc tors—have insisted on suppliers delivering a clean . article, but in the great majority of eases filthy milk continues to be ignored with a painful persistency by those respon sible for its reception. Aud—we regret to say—it is not the smaller factories that are the delinquents, but some of the largest manufacturing concerns in the colony are the chief sinners. Mr. F. C. Dyer writes as follows to the New South Wales "Agricultural Gazette" on the important subject of dressing wheat and other grain for smut:—"I obtained a large packing-case, tin-lined inside, made it water-tight, filled it nearly full of clear water; next, a barrel large enough to hold a bag of wheat. I bored the barrel with an inch bit, making each hole 4in. apart; covered each hole with a piece of perforated zinc on the outside. In centre of barrel I cut out a large oval hole, lOin. by 8in.; the piece taken out formed the lid, like an ordinary barrel-churn, and hung in like manner,, and placed over the improvised tank on spindle. Having put the. wheat inside barrel and fastened down, also same as barrel-churn, turned the handle rapidly for about five minutes, so that each grain got thoroughly washed in cold water, taken out and dried before sowing. I assure you, with the above simple method, used for several years, my wheat and other grain is free from smut, besides giving the grain a healthier growth, far superior to dressing with sulphate of copper." It is evident from the attitude assumed • by the Minister of Water Supply that he does not intend allowing those irrigation trusts which are well supplied with water to continue to ignore their obligations to the Government in respect to the interest payable on money borrowed for the con struction of the waterworks. On the 16th inst. the Minister of Agri culture introduced a deputation from his constituents, representing the Swan Hill Water Trust, to Mr. Foster. Owing to the dry seasons experi enced and the low price of wheat, it de sired to levy a rate which the Water Supply department considered would be sufficient to cover the cost of management and main tenance but would leave nothing towards meeting the interest due to the Govern ment. Mr. Foster, however, pointed ont that the trust was being asked to pay interest on only £4,400, instead of £24,000, which was the full amount of its liabilities to the Treasury. He could not, therefore, accede to the request, and would insist on the trust imposing such a rate as would bring in £150 a year more, so that that sum could be handed over to the Govern ment as interest on the reduced amonnt of the loan. A deputation representing the Benalla, Tungamah, Numurkah, and Shepparton dis tricts waited on the Minister of Water Sup ply on the 16th inst., and asked that steps should be taken to augment the supply' of Broken Biver during the summer months, by constructing storage works at Mokoan or Winton's Swamp. It ,was represented that this work was urgently required, ^ithe residents down the river being in sore straits through'the absence of water. " It was thought that the storage basin mid channel could be constructed for ^about £47,000. As the-Government proposed to undertake certain national works in the Mallee country for the storage and distri bution of water it was considered that this reservoir should also be looked upoil as a national work, and that the residents should not be asked to pay interest on the money expended in. connection with it. Mr. Foster replied that he recognised the im portance of thi6 project. It did not, how ever, follow because the Government was about to construct national Works in another part of Victoria that this proposal should.be regarded in the same light. A rough departmental estimate for the work was over £80,000,. but if an expenditure of £47,600 or £50,000 would assure a supply of water to an area representing 660,000 acres, as had been stated, no one would say that such a project, costing less than 2/ an acre, should not be carried out. Several schemes for impounding the winter waters of Broken Biver till the summer months had been suggested, and some of them had been inquired into by the Water Stipply department. There would, however, nave to be a careful and exhaustive inquiry into these proposals before any definite scheme was decided upon. He would bave' thfe ne cessary sqrve^e and estimates made, and whf)i that was done he Would-eonsult with the^rdeftutation.- ag*bv and Jsfee on iyjmt teriiiB the work should be carried Qufc.,;; L,. 