BRISBANE WATER-SUPPLY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir,—Mr. T. L. Bancroft, in his interesting paper on the above subject, appears to have overlooked one of the chief factors in the contamination of our reservoirs. The chief sources of the accumulation of vegetable matter in our reservoirs are the gullies draining into them. Every heavy fall of rain washes an immense amount of debris down these gullies (much larger than most people suppose), consisting of logs, branches, bark, leaves, droppings of animals, and other matter, the greater percentage of which, on reaching the still waters of the lake, sink to the bottom, very little finding its way over the bywash. Anyone who has had any ex- perience of dams in the bush knows how soon they become filled with foreign matter, chiefly vegetable. It has often occurred to the writer that a large percentage of this debris might be prevented from reaching our reservoirs by the following simple and in- expensive plan :—Across the gullies running into the reservoir, a hundred yards or so back from the lake, drive a row of piles a few feet apart, or, better still, use old rail- way rails, so that the accumulated rubbish could be burnt, if thought advisable, with- out having to renew the piles. These rails or piles could be stayed from their tops up stream with wire ropes, and wire netting stretched across their face to the height the water was likely to rise. The board might try this device across one of the gullies, and note the results. They will be sur- prised at the amount of rubbish that will collect against this barrier in the course of a year. Within the last few years here in Brisbane we have had an object lesson on a large scale as to what a barrier such as suggested can do to arrest debris. Your readers will remember the immense amount of debris that came down the river and was piled up against the wooden portion of Vic- toria Bridge. Precisely the same thing would follow in a barrier erected across a gully leading into our reservoir. It would be interesting and instructive to take sound- ings over the bed of the reservoir to see to what extent it has silted up since con- structed. Is it not possible that water lilies, algae, and other forms of like life thrive so well in the Enoggera Reservoir owing to the water being impregnated with so large a percentage of vegetable matter ? The Enoggera water is really a "vegetable soup." Whether it is injurious or other- wise to human beings seems to be a matter of opinion. These water-lilies are gradually but steadily covering the whole reservoir ; many of the upper arms are already choked with them. They seem to be able gradually to adapt themselves to any depth of water. The writer has pulled them up with stalks over 12ft long and then probably several feet remained attached to the root. It has been proposed by the waterworks authorities to fence in the catchment area of the reser- voir to prevent stock trespassing therein. This, so far from adding to the purity of the water, would probably have the opposite effect. The watershed if fenced in would soon be covered with long grass and under- growth, and in times of dry weather some bushfires would sweep over it ; in a few weeks after a severe fire in forest country such as the reservoir the ground is carpeted with fallen leaves, which the first thunder- storm would sweep into the lake. —I am, sir, &c.;, AQUA. 