| NEWS AND NOTES. The miners at Eskhank are oilt on strike;' - ' Bushfires aro raging in tho country h«ir .'i Berry.,;. . : ; -j . t' .* .!'- !' H.M.S. Pylades lias boon . ro-floatod at Thursday Island. v r r Archdeacon Mo^on, of- Grafton, , is -laid '; up with influenza. ' ! ; Tho American Constitution 'has been amended fourteen times. .... , A large qunntity of cargo haa. been saved ; ; from tho steamer Tekapo. ', ,'-? About- two-thirds of tho colony lis .'Btill reported to be affected by drought. ?- '? - A. parcel of scoured- wool sold last week , ; at 2s'per lb., a record. prico for 25 years'. '-\ Paris Figaro declares the Dreyfus secret i ? dossier to he a string of lies arid forgeries. : Tho introduotion into the colony-:.-.r growing coffee plants has; been prc-iv t-tMl. 'V*||- 1 . Edgar J. Price, - charged with ji- the Bev/'W^Witcombe, has been ?A\ ibitiiV; ?. . ?'MW. Shelton, of South, Graftonj V '.'.'j' Frida^ last, leaving a husband ' ah:ii Mvjjjg,, ' } family.1. , , . , ? ; 1 The Federal Enabling Bill was. r i tuc iirat time iu the Queensland - Assembly, oil , Friday. ... ?; The Brushgrove^Dairy Co.-paid suppliers 4d on a- 3.6 basis, for' April.1 ' The' avettige test was 3.7. * . . Tho War Office has promised to limit tho restrictions 011 the uso of Australian leather to that used for harness. . ? ? Mr. B. R. Bennick, a well-known solici tor, , shot-, himself dead ? in , his -officp, at Melbourne, last Friday. The Full Court has held that- the Fac tories and Shops Act requires that all engines should be securely fenced. During the procession at the reception of ( the Governor, at Sydney, one gentleman was relieved of a purso containing £74. The Peace Conference met at The Hague on tbe 18th instant, the Czar's birthday, and transacted merely formal business. .. As expected, the Queensland Attorney-. General has declined . to Hit) a . bill against Wilson, committed, for the Oxley murder. , On one run at Walgett, - where 68,000 sheep wero8horn last season, only. 9000 are lio.w alive, and these were saved by liand feeding. A splendid ironbark girder, 46ft.. long, 14 x . 14in., waB - placed in position at M 'Kit trick's new store at South Grafton, last week. ... . . , At Maitland, ;on. Friday last, a prisoner was married at the. gaol to a free; woman, , to whom lie was engaged bofpre he was convicted.- - . / - The trial- of -Medor, chargetl.- with the Eastern Markets (Melbourne) .murder, has been postponed, as the doctors cannot agree as to his sanity. : The body of poor old Fidele Barr, the watchmaker, who was drowned at Ulmarra, was found on Friday, about mile below where he fell in. Mr.. Percy Weston, soii of -Mrs. Weston,: of Grafton, won -the, Slade prize rt the recent Univereityyexamiiiationsj .-' 'also; virot-. : . class honors in physics,. ; . - ! ? Ghas.-.-Btatthers, . gharged;\with;^nfir=:-iiii;; ; f) -ij ? ' again bo placed on trial at Grafton Sessions on the 30th June. ? ; .{ i Tho Australian Mutual Provident ciety's funds aro now equal to £15,000. Since its foundation the, Sooiety has dis bursed nearly £19,000,000. The sum of £32 per head was realised for 172 head of cattle shipped from Queensland to Cape Town. These were all that were landed alive out of a shipment of 430. At Mr. Barton's Federal meeting at Ten tertield, all the clergymen of tho district were present on the platform. A vote in favor of the Bill was carried unanimously. Crown lands not available for settlement until survey effected and further notifica tion County of Rous, parish of Kyogle, containing an area of 65 acres. See Gazette May 17. Mr. Barton was most enthusiastically , re ceived at Toowooinba, where lie addressed fully 1000 persons in favor of: the Federal Bill, and. a. unanimous vote in favor of the measure was carried. . The Constitution Bill contains powers for, establishing a system of old-age pensions, : by which every man or woman over 60 years of age is entitled to 10s per week as a ' right,- not as charity.; , Mr. P. Walker, of -the Lower Claronce, recently sent a lot of springing heifers for sale through. the yards at Lismore, and expresses himself as well pleased with tho result of his venture. The sentences of death imposed on Ryan and M'Coy (the former for shooting a man ac Kiandra, and the latter for the murder, of his wife and child at Mudgee) have been commuted to imprisonment for life. In the Brisbane Supreme Court, Joseph Connolly, accountant, was awarded £50 damages against Daniel Mulcahy, stock broker, for defamation in connection with an election squabble at Gympie. It is expected that the Federal Bill will be referred to the vote in Queensland uu iy iu July, should this colony have tu cui.t- 'i it, and that the electors of the »??)?' ; ?.-?.v. colony will pass it by a big majority. Under .the. Constitution Bill, New Wales and, Victoria have 49 members in 1 in' House of Representatives, while rtU rlh, othor colonies, have only .27, so that equal representation in the Senate is more of a sentimental character than of practical working. . Mr. E. \V. O'Sullivan, M.P., claims that a great change of opinion has come over the miners in Newcastle, who aro beginning . to understand that they have been misled - by the anti-Billites. Businessmen, pro perty owners, and all other classes, too, j recognise the great benefit that Newcastle will derive from Federation. Au exchange says: — 'In most of the ^ Adelaide churches a charge of 6d. is made at the door. No pew-rents are collected, arid no collection is made. There is thus ), no escape for niggardly church-goers.' : Well, that is making a business of church- I going, at all events; hut wb doubt the 1; authenticity of the' foregoing par. . , Mr. Reid at Gundagai : The heavy taxa- r tion bogey was ridiculous.' The romoval of all intercolonial burners and cut-throat j' taxation could not result in increasing their ' '{? burdens. Tho wholo of (lie loaders of tho { anti- Billite party were thorough thick- i crusted antediluvian Tories, whuui' nobody J would follow. Why wero they so busy how, 1 f these men whom nobody had ever seen on a public platform in defence of any great Si and liberal principle 1 When Mr. Pi Ichor and Dr. MacLaurin said so mtich about ? sugar they did not tell' their hearers that j they had vast interests in the Colonial i Sugar Company. ' 