BUSH FIRES IN GIPPSLAND GREAT DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY. A NUMBER OF SETTLERS BURNT OUT. NEERIM. SOUTH, Saturday. Numerous bush fires were burning in many parts of the district last Thursday. The most destructive one visited Neerim North. Mr. Henry Beamish was com- pletely burnt out. His dwelling house which was a large one, and almost new, as well as all his outbuildings, were whollv swept away. With the high wind that was blowing it was found impossible to do any thing to stop the flames. Mr. Beamish is a heavy loser, all his grass and fences being burnt. Mr. Patrick O'Donohue is also a great sufferer. His grass, fencing, and outbuild- ings are devastated. It was only after a brave struggle that his dwellinghouse was saved. At Neerim the fire fighters had a hot time. The flames attackled Mr. Wheeler's house several times. Mr. Wheeler sum- moned all his mill hands and kept the winding engine at work drawing water which proved a great boon to the farmers as well as Mr. Wheeler. How the place was saved is a miracle. Mr. C. Brown's house and outbuildings were also on fire, but were saved. The Wesleyan Church, used as a state school, caught several times. The fire travelled with such rapidity that Miss Nowlan, the teacher, had hardly time to get the children away. In getting them away one little girl's dress caught fire, but it was quickly put out without any damage being done. Mr. Cowden was surrounded with fire His house caught several times from sparks falling from the large trees near his place. many other settlers lost grass and fencing. Had rain not come it is feared a repetition of the destructive fires of last year would have resulted. Strangely enough the places attacked this year were the only ones that escaped the flames last year. MAFFRA, Saturdav 1 he file tint hrol e out neir lltxheld on luesdiv lapid till Ihursdav night It stutcd m Air lohn s padtloil and burnt 1.0 acies spit ad into Ah Griaxess and hunit 200 neus and thuin into Airs Bim tines pi01 eitv sxxiipinp over 500 aucs thence into Air \\\ Alunton s, burning be tween 200 and 300 aires thuice to Ur Al lardon s and altir bullung a lew ants time vv is blocked foi a time lix tin nxir iht si 11 ks how tv er set tin to the low mel pap 1 iddoel s on ijson a Hi J field 1 a titi switpinir about 700 acres 1 lout tin le- tt aprc id to vii Littles pioj ert> and de ntl lived 1 louili ot huj statks pip stn. mid some | na and it vv is xvitli pre it difh cultx thut tin lioust wus t iv id On Ah M Quilkin s 1101 irt> 10 01 1. acres wtn limned mil tin hu xx is aplin stopped bx tilt lix ti Air I Huillines housi li id a n 11 low esc ipe I10111 distrmtion CUWTIiNi.H .Air «Mtuidax -lie )uncipal sufleius fiom bush (nea in this distnit lit Alesiis Ihorpi 1 oin \\\ illiilin, Dobson l.ixvson 1 vsh Rotd night Lcstei Hassett and loiiibn 