Readers of tho notes of our able and shrewdly observant contributor, "Black Watch" upon the war in South Africa w`ll have been fully prepared for the news just received of changes in the comand of cur forces c-ugnged iu the campaign with the Boers. In terms somewhat too truthful and vigorous, perhaps, to be altogether palatable to every reader, he has had c eva sion to severely criticise the blunders that have been made by commanding officers at the cost of needless and deplorable sacri fice of meu and loss of prestige. V p .t *l»e justification for. the strictures is to he found in the action which has been taken by the Imperial authorities, aud in the en dorsement of those comments by other colonial critics who have almost taken their cue from them. It has come to be recognised-that the imperative need in Africa is that of generals in the true sense of the term, not merely dashiug and bril liant, but 'perhaps rash, leaders of divi sons, and that while a temporary kudos may be attainable by scaling heights anil valiantly dislodging an enemy strongly posted and well armed, vet unless such work is required, and likely to lead to fur ther advantage, it is not war. Count Von Moltkc, the illustrious German leader, ns our contributor has recalled to mind, promptly dismissed General Stcimnclz in consequence of his having executed movements which, however contributory to his renown for the time being, were not part of an amoved plan cf military opera tions, while another General was deprived of a command because he pursued, and effected'a slaughter cf, Austrians, iustead of executing the authorised manoeuvres which, it was confidently believed, would have iu due course ccinp?l!ed;them to sur render without any such carnage. Against some cf our own officers in Africa there wero the records of blunders, which could not fail to challenge the attention cf the Imperial authorities, and upon these, the results of which were told in melancholy chronicles from Nicholson's Nek and Stormbcrg, 'Magcrsfontcin and Tugolu, "Black Watch" has commented vigor ously. In similarly vehement terms a metropolitan critic has cordially approved of the changes in the control of the forces in the field as having become "impera tively necessary, owing to the deplorable incapacity shown, by the Generals who opened the campaign, and who have added , blunder upon blunder to the horrors of the war. "It may not," it is added, "bo exactly palatable to a Briton's self - love to have all the Cunt meu tal military critics laughing- at the palpable mistakes of British Gen erals in South Africa; but nobody can find it in his heart to blame them. There has not been a single General's battle fought successfully by the British since the com-! monccmcnt of hostilities/' which is pre cisely the fact which our contributor has perhaps aroused some little resentment by setting forth plainly aud bluntly. Even ith duo regard to the extreme hazards which attend all operations in actual war fare, and to 'Napier’s truism that "the greatest masters cf the art may err; he who wars walks in a mist, through which . the keenest eyes cannot always discern the ' right.path/* the empire has felt that from such disasters as that which bc-fel the gal lant and devoted Highland Brigade when it was marched into a death-trap, and as the sacrifice of the Connaught Rangers ought to have been averted by prudence and foresight—in fact by generalship—and should not be allowed to recur in the future progress cf the campaign. With the commanding genius of Lord. Roberts in the supreme control of the operations of our scattered forces there, there will be a confident anticipation of an effective su pervision cf the whole plan of compaign. No officer bring, without regard to country or nationality, it is justly acknowledged, can boast of such a record of achievements as his. and the fact that even after it had come to be thought that he was unlikely to again engage in active warfare, his se lection for the chief command at the Cape ■ proves that Hie Imperial Government is I determined that there shall be nothing I wanting in their plans to ensure the suc cess of the campaign. Lord Roberts is a ! xnan to whom every opportunity has brought increased renown. With the illus trious hero of Kandahar will be associated as chief of the- staff Lord Kitchener of Khartoum, whose title indicates his Afri can reputation based on the brilliant record of the Kitchener campaign, and the anarch from Dongola to Omdunnan and Khartoum. Every detail of that campaign appeared to have been thought out and matured beforehand, with the result that the expedition marched from stage to stage accuracy and precision, the final crushing stroke was deliver ed at Omdunnan. The campaign and its -results showed what effective work was capable of being accomplished, when the campaign was scientifically prepared for, and carried on just as the record of the South African war in its earlier stages has unfortunately furnished proof of the con trary under opposite circumstances. That a far more complex task lies before the British forces in the fastenesses of South Africa than that which was set before them in the deserts of the Soudan is evi dent, and there is all the more need, there fore. for the exercise of all the skill in tactics of which their leaders are capable. So far the Boers have found some warrant for the belief that the generalship and the successes have been all on their side, and the result in the loss of British prestige and the spread of Dutch disaffection, require to be speedily counteracted. Latest news leaves no doubt that the Im perial Government will now make the most adequate provision, both as to appoint ments of officers, and the employment of sufficient forces to meet the requirements of the situation, and the Empire will specialy applaud the selection of its great est commander to assume the post of generalissimo, and to see that those forces are disposed and led to the utmost pos sible advantage, and with a scrupulous avoidance of blunders such as there have been in the past, to the min of military reputations and the sacrifice of some of the flower of the British army. The Post and Telegraph Department an nounces special arrangements for the com ing holidays. On Monday (Christmas Day) postal and money order business will be entirely suspended. No mails will bo mado up nor letters delivered. In telegraph offices the ordinary Sunday'ar rangements will be observed. On Boxing Day and New Year’s Day all post-offices will be closed to the public at 10 a.m. The first delivery only by letter carrier will bo effected. All country mails will be re ceived and despatched as usual, but no j money order business will be transacted. I Telegraph offices will be open from 8.30 to J 10 a.m., and from G .till 7 p.m. On 2nd. January all post and telegraph offices will j be open to the public, and customury bu- j siness, except money order business,-trans acted. The elections for North Melbourne ami Castlemaine will Like place to-day to fill the vacancies in the Legislative Assembly caused by the acceptance by Messrs Watt and M‘Cay of portfolios in the M’Lean Cabinet. The poll at both places will opeu at 8 o'clock, but that at Castlemaine will close at 5 o’clock, while at North Melbourne will not cioso till 7 o’clock. About Mr Watt's re-election no doubt is entertained by his colleagues, but some anxiety is felt by them regarding Mr APCay. An alarm of fire was received at the | Ballarat .re Brigade station at about j 5.30 o’clock last night from Lai Lnl street, I Ballarat East. The brigade turned out, but fouud that the outbreak, which ap peared to be a bush-fire, was a very long way off, and no further attempt to reach tho firo was made. This morning and on Thursday and Fri day an examination in the different sciences will be held at the Central State f-chool, under tho allspices of the Educa tion Department, and only teachers who are recorded as holding a certificate of competency under the department or who have passed in all subjects, excepting time table and collective lessons, with notes thereof, and class .drill, will be permitted to attend. % The subjects for each day are as follow:—Geology and mineralogy, bo ! tauy, agriculture; to-day; chemistry, ; found and light, electricity, and magne tism, 21st December; dynamics aud heat, physiology, metallurgy, 22nd December. At the same time examinations for first class certificate, certificate of competency, aud admission to training, will be held, and these will be restricted to-teachers in , the employ of the department, and who aro over 18 years of age. There are many things in connection with tho Post-office that are hard to un derstand. and one of these is why illegibly addressed envelopes generally find their way to the person for whom they are in tended, while those addressed almost in copper-plate go astray. Mr n. W. Griggs, who is interesting himself in tho " Absent minded Beggar fund," on Friday last for warder .£5 to the." Argus.” The envelope was addressed in quite a clerkly hand, and tho letter should have been delivered the! same night or Saturday morning at the I latest. As it was net acknowledged on Monday, Mr Griggs telegraphed down, I and the reply received was to tlie effect 1 Hint the letter had just been delivered. Mr C. aiorris, hatter, of Bridge street, has had 1000 copies of Rudyapl Kipling's poem printed on superior paper by F. \V. Niven and Cos., and is selling copies for tho "absent-minded beggar” fund at Is a copy. The whole of the proceeds of the sale, without any deductions whatever, aro to go to the fund, aud Mr Morris hopes to get the lot off by the new year. Ho only received tho copies from the prin ter yesterdaj' at noon, and 20 copies nave been sold already. Each copy is num bered, and so acts ns a receipt for the Is paid. Tho recent complaints made to the Town Council in re.mum to the state of tho crcck between Eureka and York streets, Ballarat East, luis engaged the at tention of the. Board of Public Health, and the chirf inspecting officer of that body yesterday visited Ballarat and inspected tho place. It was alleged that refuse from ALr G. Farmer’s hum and bacon curing establishment was responsible for tho nuisance. .The creek was stated by tho Town inspector to be in a bad state just below Mr Farmer’s premises, but that establishment was reported to be very cleanly kept, and in a thorough sanitary condition. r The work of cleansing the creek was commenced yesterday morning, under .tho .supervision of the Town engi neer, and' when Dr Gray arrived in the afternoon ho found the work proceeding. Dr Gray will furnish a report to the Board of.Health at its next meeting. Tho proposed line from Newtown to Pitficld was under the consideration of the Railways Standing Committee yesterday. Mr James Stirling, the Government Geo logist, was examined, and gavo favorable evidence regarding the gold mining pros pects of the Pitfield Plains. A young man named Walter Ward, a resident of Clyde street, had a narrow es cape from a fatal accident yesterday. Whilst working in Messrs Gazzard Bros/ printing establishment, in Camp street, a chip ilew from one of the machines, and, cutting through a coarse apron and thick pair of trousers, penetrated his thigh to tho bone, fortunately missing the femoral artery in transit. The injured man was promptly conveyed to the Hospital, where ho was admitted, as it will be necessary to perform an operation to-day to remove the piece of iron. At the meeting of the members of the Yarrowee Lodge last night, Mr E. L. Nicholl sang “The Absent-minded Beg gar/* The solo was enthusiastically re ceived, and an encore was demanded. Mr Nicholl consented to comply with the re quest on the understanding that those who really appreciated the song would con tribute one shilling each towards JLhe “Tommy Atkins*’ fund. The condition was readily accepted, and the sunk of X 2 16s was realised. The Town Council proceeded against the New Speedwell Company, Ballarat East, at the Town Court yesterday, for having interfered with the Caledonian channel by running sludge into the watercourse. Mr Morrow, of Messrs Cuthberfc. Morrow, and Must, appeared on behalf of the council. The case was postponed for a month to allow the company to erect saud pumps, and take other steps to prevent the nuis ance occurring in future. The Minister of Lands (Mr M*ColI) has been inquiring into the question of the re tention of Mr Jackson, brother-in-law cf , Mr Best, the late Minister, m the depart- ! meat. lie finds that that officer’s occupa tion of a position cf authority over senior ! officers is a cause of discontent, which seriously impairs the efficiency of the de- ! partment. Mr Jackson was “lent** from j the Post Office, and the Public Service Boara declined to approve of the proposal that he should be permanntly transferred to the Lands department. Under all tho crcumstances, Mr AFColl deems it wise to order that he shall return to the Post Office where he ranks as a telegraph , operator. 1 Several applications for hawkers’ licen ses were listed at the Town Court yester day. but only one applicant put in an ap pearance. The man who attended was granted a license, but the other applica tions were.struck out. An inebriate was fined 2s 6d. in default 24 hours’ imprison ment. Messrs W. Gale and 11. Josephs, J/sP.. presided. , Professor Black, of the Otago. N.Z., j University, is at present on a visit to Bal larat. He is accompanied by his son. Mr Herbert Black, an associate o? mining and geology at the University, and a gen tleman who has had an extensive experi ence in evaoide and other practical branches of mining. ' Avery patriotic spirit was shown by the members of the Ballarat East branch of ! the Australian Natives* Association last night, when Mr A. M’Kenzie moved that tho branch request the board of directors to inaugurate a “Tommy Atkins’ shilling j fund’’ among the various branches of the 1 association in connection with the Trans vaal "War. He referred to the fact that j Australians were British, and partici | paled in the responsibilities of the Em pire. They were proud to form part of such an empire, and to learn cf thesplen did manner in which the British soldiers were fighting. It was the duty of Austra lians to help in maintaining the Empire, and to contribute whatever they could in aid of its defenders. Mr A. Pittard said lie felt proud to second such a motion, and he was sure such a movement as that pro posed would be heartily supported. Mr ; A. Nicholson said they were in duty bound to assist the Empire in the time of diffi culty. Mr D. Brown referred to the fact that Britain was .fighting against the mi litary science of Europe in the Boer lea ders and admirers, who were officers in the Continental armies. Australians were all Britons, and should act as such. The motion was then carried unanimously, with hearty applause. The booths. «kc.. for the Buninyong races, to be held on Friday. 29th inst.. were sold yesterday,, and realised the fol lowing prices: Publican's booth. Mr Hogan. Bendigo, X3G; race books. Berry. Anderson, and Cos., A*4 10s; outer gates. Mr Banks, X 5 10s; and refreshment booths, Mr Banks, XI 10s. The fortnightly meeting of the Bread carters’ Association as held last night at the Trades’ Hall; the president tslr A. S. Thompson) in the chair. The business transacted was of a routine nature. The secretary was instructed to write to the master bakers, requesting their sympathy and asking them to allow their carters to join the association. A number of ac counts were passed for payment, and the meeting adjourned. The second Australasian Student Sum mer School opened on Friday last at Morn ington. and will continue for a week. Con vention business was disposed of on Fri day evening and Saturday mornings, and committees formed for the carving out of tho summer school programme. Saturday afternoon was devoted to an open- air tea.' given by tho ladies of Morningion. at which the summer school was welcomed *I)V the member for the district and resi dent clergymen. At the platform m etisg in the evening the Very Kev. Dean Ptikin. of Ballarat, addressed the students, and Professor Harper gave a short Bible read ing. The Sunday services were conducted bv the Very Rev. Dean Parkin, Professor Harper. Rev. G. Balfour, and students. A s]MM*ial delegates’ meeting in the afternoon was addressed by Professor llarper and the Rev, G. Balfour. Tenders ore called elsewhere for the purchase of the Ballarat and various agen cies and mail services in connection with tho coaching firm of the late John M’Phce. Tenders aro to be sent to Messrs William Little and Cos., agents for the Trustees Executors and Agency Company, Limit ed. .Mr William Forshaw, son of Mr J. For shaw, of this city, has been successful in passing bis third year exam, for the M.B. degree at Melbourne University. Before entering on his medical course he was educated at Grenville College. Mr R. llosking, 8.A., has been awarded the “ Dodgsou” scholarship, of X 25, tenable for one year, at Queen’s College, Mel bourne University. A competition for four handsome tTo phics, presented by Captain J. T. Marsh, took place last night amongst the mem bers of tho City Fire Brigade. After a close contest, the team chopen by Lieut. Walter—Firemen C. 11. Bunce, F. James, G. Thomas, and C. Newsome—proved the winners. Engineer Hc-witt's team Fire men G. Williams. W. Smith, B. Dow, and W. Mackny—-were tho runners-up. Tho trophies will bo presented to, the winners at the next meeting of tho brigade. Tho interest taken in the Transvaal War and in the welfare of those who are light ing for tho Empire thero, was exemplified yesterday, when- Mr G. Hill, of the Corner hotel, displayed on his counter a subscrip tion list for the benefit of what is known ns the “Absent - minded Beggar” fund. Tho list was on!y placed on view during tho afternoon, and by the evening Air Hill had thus collected over JCi in shillings. From tho School of Mine.? there has been issued a neat Christmas card bearing views of the building ns it now appears, and of tho battery and laboratory of the school. The card is sent forth from the council of the school, with the compli ments of tho season, and an acknowledg ment of it affords the opportunity for heartily wishing continued and increasing success to tho chief seat of mining educa tion in Australia. Tho birth of 63 boys and 54 girls, cr in all 116 children, were registered in Ballarat during tho month of November. Of these 50 occurred in Ballarat East, 55 in Balla rat West, 10 in Sebastopol, and one in the outlying districts; in the previous month the births numbered 124, viz., 59 of boys and 65 or girls. The deaths registered in November numbered 93, viz., 55 of males and of femnlcs. The birth3 thus ex ceeded tho deaths by 13. Tenders are to be called, we are inform ed, in February or March next, for the erection of a second section of the new buildings at the Wendouree Asylum, at a cost of XBOOO. It is stated Unit there are to bo four of these sections, of which num ber one is now in course of erection. Avery successful lantern entertainment was given last night at -tho Neil street Leeturo Hall by the Rev. S. T. Withing ton, tho subject being “ A trip to Eng land/’ Tho Rev. Henry Howard presided, and tho lecturer in introducing the pic tures remarked that England possessed tbreo features thfrt were absent in Aus tralia, viz., tho old baronial castles, the ancient abbevs and minsters, anil a syl van scenery that was totally unlike any thing in the colonies. Natives of Austra lia who had not visited the old country could not conceive tho nature of English rural scenery, and while out here they had some exceedingly grand and picturesque landscapes, the scenery this not to bo com- 1 pn/red -with the sylvan country of the ■ motherland, which was in its way unimie. A series of magnificent views of English | .beauty spots was then shown by the aid | of a powerful oxv-ether lantern, manipu-1 lated by Mr G.*B. Matthews, and ues- j cribcd in detail by the lecturer, and nt the end of the entertaiument a hearty vote of thanks was tendered to the Rev. Mr Withington. At the City Court yesterday, Messrs Coltman anti Graham, J/sP., presided. Thero was only one summons listed, and that was extended, and the court then ad journed. The fortnightly mceeting of the Ballarat East branch of tho Australian Natives' Association as.held at the Fire Brigade Station, Barkly street, last night. Mr W. Titheridge, the president, occupied the chair. Four new members were* elected, and two propositions for membership were received. Three members were reported , as 'being •on the sick list. Accounts ] amounting to 3s Gd were passed for pay- | meut. The members who had proposed \ tho greatest number of members for the I half-year wore presented with trophies by. Mr M. Bell, ex - president of the 1 branch. Mr T. Pauli, the secretary, won the first prize, which was a' handsome : pair of gold sleeve links. The second I prize, an elegant silver sugar basin, was J won-by Mr W. Wearne; and the third, a ' set of dinner forks, by Mr H. Hall, the | treasurer. Mr Bell, in making the pre- 1 sentntions, referred -to tho good service rendered by Messrs Pauli, Wearne, and : Hall in helping forward the branch, which he hoped would consist of 5(10 mem bers at the end of the ensuing half-year. ,Each of the prize-winners suitably res-! ponded, and were heartily applauded. The item on the syllabus, a “ committee’s smoko night/’ was then carried out, ami proved verv enjoyable. Song3 were ren- , dered by Messrs Kent, Sliepherdson, and Hall, and recitations by Messrs Brown and Pascoe. ! Entries for the cycling events con- ! nection with the Carngham Widows' and Orphans’ Fund demonstration, to be held on New Day, close to-morrow, at 8 j p.m., at Messrs Endean and Wilson’s, i and with the secretary, at Snake Valley. A summoned meeting of Court Unity, A.0.F., will be held to-morrow night, at S o'clock, when officers will be elected and a medical officer appointed vice Dr Scott, resigned. All members are requested to attend. From Mr J. Ewin, bookseller and sta tioner, of Sturt sareet. we have received admirable specimens of the art calendars for 1900 published by Raphael. Tuck, and Sons, and also of the gelatine and other Christmas cards, which appear to be shown in greater variety and in more tasteful and artistic styles this Christmas than on any former occasions. 31rs Xeal Davies, of the Fern Tree hotel. State Forest read, will celebrate her 31st year’s residence there by a social gathering on the 22nd inst.. to which she invites her friends and neighbors. 