THE SEASON IN HOBABT. By O. S. The season is beginning in Hobarfc, and crowds of visitors from the other colonies have already arrived. The Royal Arthur, ; with the Admiral on board, came in before Christmas, followed by the Mohawk and j the Karakatta. The Karakatta left a few ' days ago for Devonport, on the North ; Coast, to stay there, at the request of the ; all-powerful Premier, whose house and \ whose constituency are in the neighbour- j hood. Its place was taken by the Gold- j finch and the Mildura, so now four war- j ships are in the bay. The Admiral and ; Mrs. and Miss Pearson are living at ] Leura, Botany Point, the house the Go- j vernment rented from Mrs. A. M'Gregor i two years ago for Admiral Bridge. j All through the holidays the weather has J been bright, warm, aid sonny, and sea breezy every afternoon. Visitors who left the main-land early have been rejoicing in picnics on the water or among the moun tains. Everywhere the grass is deliciously green, and flowers are wonderfully abun dant; the almost continuous rain during November having given everything new life. This time laBt year we were suffering terribly from the drought and bush-fires, while the place looked anything but pretty, and felt anything but comfortable. Such resorts as Fern Tree, Brown's River, and New Norfolk are filled with visitors. Many having landed at JJevod* port or Launceston, in the north, arc regu larly touring the island, on foot, or driving, or on bicycles, and staying at the old fashioned inns, which of late years have been revived and improved by a 6udden tide of prosperity. Women aB well as men have gone fishing to the Ouse, while the accommodation at the Lakes has been strained to the utmost; and Geevestown— that quiet little temperance township of a patriarchal family—has been and is thronged with holiday-makers, anxious to a6cena the Harz Mountains and explore the beautiful country in the Iluon dis trict. The Governor and Lady Gormanston be gan their summer entertaining by giving a large dinner party for the Admiral, their guests including the principal officers of the Royal Arthur, several of the more prominent of the local people, and their own house party, which consisted at the time of Colonel W. Sackville West, Miss West, and Miss Cooper, Mrs. Lock-King, and Miss Muriel Campbell, and Major G, Bryan, a cousin of Lord Gormanston's. Lady Gormanston has begun her series of summer receptions, and intends holding them on alternate Fridays until further notice. It is quite settled that Lord Gormanston's term of office is to be ex tended by 14 months from next August, and that he and Lady Gormanston, ac companied by their daughter, the Hon. Ismay Preston, will start in March for a six months' trip to England to see their three sons. The eldest of these, the Hon. Jenico Preston, has just entered the army, while the second, the Hon. Richard, who was intended for the navy has, unfortu nately been unable to pass the medical examination on account of his defective eyesight. During the absence of the Governor bis place will be taken by Chief Justice Dodds. The one social event standing out from the others recently was the farewell re ception giveu for Lady Gore-Browne at Catley's Tea-gardens. Lady Gore-Browne is the widow of Colonel Sir Thomas Gore Browne, Governor of Tasmania in the sixties. Old residents admired her for her activity, hospitality, and simplicity, and loved her for her kindness and good heart. Quite unexpectedly she arrived from England about the middle of December, and caused quite a wave of ex citement among those who are left of the society of 1SG6 and thereabouts. She was accompanied by her son, Commander Gore Browne; ber daughter, Airs. Lock-King: and that lady's husband, two nieces, ana Captain Steward, who was private secre tary during her regime. There was a great publishing of old memories, and a great giving of afternoon teas and at homes to welcome her back, and introduce to her the sons and daughters of the past generation. As her arrival was unex pected, nothing was done in the way of a public entertainment. Her old friends felt that they would like, before she left, to present her with an address, and to give her, in a semi-public fashion, a sign of their esteem. A committee, therefore, was appointed to arrange details, and it decided that the address should be pre sented at an afternoon party in Springvale Gardens, and that all the old residents who signed should be present, as well as others who might care to buy tickets. The day was beautifully fine, perhaps, indeed, a little warm, but with the cool breeze that sprang up, and in the shade of the great willows on the green lawns of the gardens, it did not seem too hot. Flags were hung over the entrance and in the paddock that borders the approach; seats were ar ranged in the summer-houses, that are dot ted about the grounds. A very large gathering had assembled already when Lady Gore-Browne drove up, accompanied bv Mrs. Lock-King, Captain Steward, and Miss Muriel Campbell, to be welcomed by the committee. She spent the afternoon, speaking to all she knew, and giving fresh evidence that she possessed a special memory for faces and facts. At 5 o'clock Mrs. J. A. Hardy read the address, in old English lettering, signed by 150 names. 'Lady Gore-Browne replied gracefully', and sympathetically, expressing ( the pleasure 6he had felt at finding her memory so alive in her friends' minds, and thanking all concerned in arranging the party for their thoughtfulness and kind ness. Lady Gormanston drove out, accom panied by Airs. Rawlinson and Captain Bryan, and a few visitors from other colo nies helped to swell the numbers to 300. Lady Gore-Browne and her party left nest day for New Zealand. Among well-known people liere for the season, or part of it. are:—Mr. and Mi's. Willie Mitchell (Sydney), Mrs. and Miss Olive Flood and Captain and Mrs. Owen (Sydney), Mr. and Mrs. Mansfield (Bris bane), .Judge and Mrs. Gaunt (Melbourne), Mrs. Suetonius Officer and the Misses Officer (who had taken the Red House at the Fern Tree for a month), Professor and Mrs. Tucker (who had taken a cottage at the IIuon), Mr. Justice A'Beckett, Mr. and Mrs. II. B. Higgins, &c.; Lord and Lady Brasscv and their party are travel ling on the West Coast, though it is hoped they will visit Hobart before returning 