IF one thing is being made more apparent than another in connection with the present federal almpaigo it is that the question is being suob. mitted for the vote of the Queensland electors before they are ripe for expressing an opinion upon it. The issuing of a copy of the Com monwealth Bill to every eleotor was a very com mendable action, and the campaign which is now being conducted is affording a real educa tton to the people, because they have the Bill before them, and are therefore able to bring a crietical judgment to bear upon all they hear from publio platforms. But the question is so large, and has so many important phases, that even trainedminds eaanotgetathoroughgrasp of the position in a few months' discussion, and thegreat majority of the people are hopeleessly eanfused about it--no much so, that it is reo pge.td from varioun quarters that many elec tor intend to abastain altogether from voting oe the 2od of September. In the other Colonies thie Bill was blefore the electors for a very long period before the final decision of the people was given upon it. So far as the Wuest More ton district is concerned, the great danger that exists is that the facto which lie at the bottom of thie question will not have been folly masn tered by the time that ri-ferendum day arrives, and that the vote which is given will to some extent be based tipn seutiment rather than upon reason. Irhe leading journal of the Colony makes doily appeals to the sentiments and poaeione of the elestors, but has conspicuously fail d to grasp the psition as it will afflct the inaterlal welfare of the people of the Colony. Therei so~~ltment and sentimenet; tnd a seclltielnt whltih i- baoed ln false renoninlg cannot be whol .ilon. Tile mwjority of lhb elcltov, in thie : -ly st clnd and inxtendivr i.strict I Wet )It n!,tti deetre to know how iinteorcoloni 1 f-. .?ta Itl i, likely to affect th ir :'ttrosts; le !th.doytg j uretl of the COle.,y, and lode.. ,cn adv:ecI -teenua!ly, tell thim v.lgoely ti. tihey wh ,oiin rc. er than coulfur bytb ing lll on an qv-a.ily In trade with the i~i,-r Cole.n, -, but wh it it eomm 'o aone quoitro; s thinse v-nuI neatr-intl cment ne be nsubstnt.ated by facts. liat, in nhi litg run, the question wiltl he ?tt;ld by hard ficlt, cld nor by seontincntal opnions. The dairying lninutry 4 of supreme ?Importanoe to the whole a: Soath (" nselnd, beoause iis the induarey more than any other which has helped to bring the Colony out of its difliculties, and is now the mainstay of hundreds of happy and comfortable homes. Many of our dairymen believe that the industry in this Colony, though making' rapid progress, is not yet in a position to com pete upon level terms with that of the older established Colonies, and it is of vital interest to them to learn the actual facts of the position. They are being treated by some of the federa tion advocates to anything but facts. Take the case of the imports and exports of butter, for instance. It was stated at an Ipswich meeting, on the authority of Mr. D. F. Denham, a man of large practical experiente, that butter could be brought from Victoria and landed in Bris bane at a price that would allow of it being sold below the rate now being obtained for Queensland butter. If Mr. Denham'e conten tion is a sound one, it is important that the danger of this Bouthern competition should be recogolised, becanee a reduotion in the price of butter in Queensland would have the far- reach ing effect of reducing the prices paid to our milk esuppliers, and would thus interfere with the pros perity of the dairying industry which is so im portant a factor in Queeasland's tindustrial en prise. A oorrespondent in this journal pooh poohed Mr. Denham's statement, and asked why the Victorian butter was not bding soldin Sydney, where there is no import duty to block its in troduction ? But the fact is, as we have already shown, that the Viotorian butter is being sold fo the Sydney market, and at a lower price than the New South Wales product. The Bydney " Daiy Teleglaph" of Monday last quotes Vio? torian butter 10d. to ltd. per lb., whilst on the same day New Bouth Wales factory butter brought le. per lb., New South Wales dairy butter 10d. to ltd., and pasteurised butter Le. Oad. per lb. What is it that blocks this Vic torian butter from being sold in Brisbane below Briebane prices ? We presume that there is only one answer to this question, and that is that our import duty of 3d. per lb. prevents the Victorians doing in Brisbane what they are now doilg in Sydney. Our correspondent in to-day's issue praetically admits the peossibility of the Victorians noderselling as (were it not for the duty), but affirms that there is not mooh probability of their doing so. If our dairymen are content with assurances of that sort, they amre moch more simple than we take them to be. Where there is a possibility of a thinag being done the probability of its being done moast always be guarded against. If the great British generals, who won so many battles, had acted on the principle suggested by our corree pundent, the Britieh Empire would not have been so vast as it is to day. Our oorrespon. dent says that it is not probable that a Bose wood farmer would send his butter to Sydney when there was as good a market folit in Brie. bane. That is so, eertainly; but if there were over- prodoetion in the iosewood district, and a good market existed in Sydney, shippers would very soon arrange to send the whole of the surplus Bosewood product to the market awaiting it. That there is overproduaotion in Viotoria at the present time, and that any available market would be readily exploited by the Victorians, cannot be gainsaid. Weddel and Co.'s "Australasian Dairy Produoe Be view," which deals with the trade up to the beginniang of July last, points out that Victoria has suffered from several very bad seasons, during which she was visited by droughts and bush.fi-res, but that her troubles in that re spect have now ended, and the present season it not only likely to be the "record of the highest export yet reached," but that it le also highlyprobable that itwill be "the harbingeroea series of prolifico years to come." As a matter of fact, production in the oounty districts of Via torla has increased so moch that that colony can not only undersell the New South Wales people in Sydney, but would very coon be underoelling ns in Queensland were it not for our protective duties. How Victoria stands in the butter export trade, in comparison with the other Colonies, may be seen from the followiA table, from "Weddel's Beview" of July last, gMiving the Engllsh imports 'or the past five seoaonc: Other Australian New Victoria. Colonies. Zealand. Beason Cwt. Owt. Cwt. 1894-95 .. 205,o08 87,971 46,093 1895-96 .. 143,651 8,042 O1,160 1896-97 .. 140.701 34,982 61,763 1897.98 .. 106,745 50,605 73,607 189899 .. 145,858 , 47764 81,882 These figures need no comment- they speak for themselves. Quoeensland appeared in the above table in the 1898-99 season, and her share of the export trade was 2749cwt. Yet, in face of the above figures, it is serionusly contended by some people that Victoria is likely to for nish us with a market for our butter exports. Do not the figures rather convey the warning that under interoolonial free-trade the old and highly-developed Colony of Victoria would simply have Queensland at its mercy ? 