a state bank:. By William Boot. (Formerly branch manager in Bank of New South Wales and Town & Country Bank (S.A.) PABT nr. Again taking the returns for the 30th June, 1898, I find the amount of ad vance?, including discounts, to be £117,351,619. Averaging the rate of interest at 8% oa this huge amount it will be seen thattheyearly interest bill would be £9,388 129 ; and if the State Bank could effect a saving of 3 per cent, and this is not a large estimate, the aggre gate gain to the borrowers of Australia would be the substantial sum of £3,520,548. But . the advantages which would attend the establishment of a State Bank could hardly be mea sured in pounds shillings and pence ; for in times of national disaster, caused by floods, drought, bushfires, or any other visitation; or in the more ter rible time of a financial or banking crisis, when the course is forced upon the banks of not only contracting their advances, but of calling in a large pro portion of those already made, thereby causing hardship amongst hundreds of families who are quite unable (especi ally under the panic-stricken circum stances) of meeting the inexorable de mands of the banks,' foreclosure fol. lows, lands pass into the hands of the bowelless institutions, and, as a result, I to-day they hold hundreds of thousands of acres of our best lands. When these confiscated properties are sold, it is generally, to the already bloated earth-owners, thus aggravating the curse of this, or any other country— the accumulation of immense landed estates. And in the great number of instances where the banks are unable to dispose of the properties they have seized, they are let at a rental, also to some well-to-do tenant, very frequently for a much smaller amount than has been offered by the original owner; in fact, this latter individual appears to have do show whatever in the mat ter. Of course, there are many who have advances from the bank, who will not make any effort to pay even the interest. These deserve no sympathy, and the sooner they are wound up the better for themselves, the banks, and the country. There are many instances •where the banks by foreclosure have driven men off their holdings, after re fusing reasonable periodical instal ment, and hare afterwards accepted rentals which will scarely pay the interest on the advances; and even tually the bank enters into active possession ; and we all ^Aznow that when a bank gets out of its legitimate business and takes the management of a dairy farm, sheep station, or saw-mill, it very of.en "falls in" and becomes the prey of those astute persons who regard the bank manager bs fair game for a smart deal. Of course there are some managers who fancy they know everything, but these soon find out that they can learn a wrinkle or two from the innocent looking stock dealer. On the other hand, under the circum stances mentioned, the State BaQk would come to the rescue of the coun try ; but, as already pointed out, the probabilities of a bank panic in the case of a State Bank would be very remote ; still, the circumstances of the country may be of a character to bring about a state% of cop?mercial distrust, culminating in~a general want of con fidence, in which even the State Bank becomes a. victim, and if the deposior* and note holders persisted long enough in their demands for gold, then up must go the shutters just like any other bank would have to do under the same circumstances; but after the storm was over the policy of the State Bank would be quite opposite to that with which we are so "familiar. In stead'of a general selling tip of its customers, thereby aggravating the panic stricken state of the country, the State Bank would come to their assistance, and the chances are tbat a few davs after the panic, when the bank had again opened its doors, the depositors, who, in their frenzy, had withdrawn their money, would apolo-" getica'ly band it back, and business would go on as if nothing unusual had occurred; but if the (fleet of the finan cial disturbance was so serious as to. demand a severe contraction of credit on the part of the Bank, the tension could soon be eased and confidence res'or°d by the State' Inaking a sub-' stantial "advance to .the bank ; such advance, if needB be, could lie raised by way of loan, which- could soon be repaid when trade had resumed . its normal condition. There could be no. valid objection tousing loan monpy for so legitimate arid noble a purpose, for-anything hiving for its object" the amelioration of the condition of the people mubt command- the unanimous : approval, and support of any Parlia ment chosen under oil r liberal franchise j of one man one vote. There are a number of "members in the present j Parliament who have proclaimed their ardent adherence to the State Bank question, but their zeal for the reform has never carried them past this stage. Some years ago, Mr. Rose, the member for Argyle, succeeded in having a select committee appointed for the purpose, of inquiring generally into the whole - question of a State Bank, and, as a result ofits labors, a volutninous report containing a .lot of irrelevant matter was laid on the table of the House, and is sow no doubt carefully storfed away, in some lumber room where kindred documents which were never intended to serve any practical purpose- are pigeon-holed^ ■ 