NEEDLES "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Jonah scored 70 in 35 minutes. . LYl. Loubet is the new President. i jfe& Mr. John Mann is still very ill. fSlL ■An honor for the new Governor. The Obstacle llace was interesting. Fearful railway accident as Brussels. Sid Cavili, the champion, this evening. A hearty send-off to a popular fireman. Another victory for Mr. \V. :R. Wilson. The Cunard liner Pavonia is- safe after •all. . . , The Oceana arrived on Sunday after noon. ' . One hundred unruly citizens of Paris ar rested. - The Beetaloo reservoir is practically empty. H. J. Day batted with great brilliance [for 14(1. Saturday's Futurity went to the flying Bobadil. Stone-throwers in Halifax-street given a warning. v Walne again distinguished himself on Saturday. . , . Company mongers committed for trial in London. . The Pylades will sail for Australia on February 21. Frank Hill, a brother of Clem, made 124 on Saturday. ' Agricultural College diplomas granted^to five students. - About 5,000 persons witnessed the cycling races. The bubonic plague has broken out in the Transvaal. Mr. John Luxmoore's Winfreda won the Plynvpton Cup. President Faure's funeral will .take place on February 23. " 1 A suefcessor to t\f. Faure has been promptly found: Turkey has now 200,000 troops. under arms in Europe. The last words of the French President ■were "Cest fini." The rowdy element in Paris did not wel come hi. Loubet. Beetaloo water is now supplied at 4s. a thousand gallons. The new French President was Premier [ of France in 1892. A poor old Indian hawker murdered near Mount Mary. The Governor Musgrave is still on. duty in Spencer's Gulf. , For once the brilliant left-hander, Oem, failed on Saturday. . ' . t, Some good swimming races at the City Baths this evening. - ■ , T . The German Consul-General of India is visiting the colonies. .„ The funeral of the French President will be a.t Pere-la-Chaisc. English cotton operatives have demanded an increase in wages. •, A new story will be commenced m next Saturday's "Express.", • M. Loubet secured 483 and M. Me line was next with 279. . ' . President Faure was aware from the first that his ease was hopeless.; • The new French President was sup ported by the Dreyfusites. Mr. David Blair, a well-known Mel bourne journalist, is "dead. ; . " The Revs. G. E. Wlieatley and W. H. Hodge are visiting Adelaide. Two serious accidents occurred at the cycling sports on Saturday. Queen Victoria sent.a special message ot sympathy to Madame Faiire. - "The Liars" is 'being played to, good hoiises at Hie Princes Theatre.^ ... M. Dupuy retired from the Presidential contest in favor of M. Loubet. . • An Australian tenor has tieen committed for burglary in San. Franeiaco. . The Paris troops are eoiuined to 'bar racks, and the city is tranquil. _ Are you going to see Sid. Cayill and the Wares*swimming this evening? ..... . . Twenty-one killed and 100 others injured in a railway smash in Belgium. . , The Turks are preparing to deal with a threatened rising in Macedonia. • Dr. Curtis was buried at the Y oodville cemetery on Saturday afternoon..., | Mr. Moore succeeds. Mr. E. J?. V. ivno^ as member for Londonderry city. France is deeply touched_ at the sym pathetic messages from England. -. , Verdict of wilful murder of her child re turned against Selina Blackmqre. Lord Salisbury says M. haure was a valuable and estimable President. The Italian Parliament adjourned on hearing the sad news from 1 aris. Deputation regarding the lugh-level water supply to-morrow morning. The price of water meters assimilated throughout the metropolitan area. The Russian papers refer in friendly terms to the alliance with h ranee. . The late Mr. David Blair produced in 1881 a -'Cyclopaedia of Australia. The Earl of Beauehamp and Baron l.en nvson have been made K\C^-G.-s. • _ "Louis LapiSh, who': shot; at has -brother, has -been sent to the Hew Asylum. M Loubet obtained an immense major ity of the votes cast for President. The powerful sermon-stories or Charles M. Sheldon are attracting attention. . The German Chancellor paid special honor -to the dead French statesman. The Czar has sent to Pans a wreath with the inscription " To our old fnena.^ . Tlie New Guinea land giabbeis have considerably modified Hieir proposals The French 2mnisfcer of Wai iorbia den officers to join political societies \- \n Adelaide medical man is gaimngfame in'connecbionjavith the bubome plague The Emperor of Germany will *>end a special mission to M. haure s funeral. Like the Duke of Westminster Mr. Y. R. Wilson sends his horses out to win. The newlv-elected President is accused of complicity in the Panama scandal: Eudtmda has got the biggest sensation it has had since the "Bundey murdei. The meeting of the Commonwealth League will be held to-morrow morning. ' if was only by a creditable sprint that Svmonds defeated Aunger by a few inches. The new President had w mixed recep tion on returning to Paris from Versailles. The Australian fleet is he strengthe ned shortly bv tlie addition of the Pylades. E Jones, who is study ng the art of batting? gave a fine exhibition on Satur daTiie vouth Walter Steele, who was ac cidentally shot in Melbourne, is recover "w Shea, of the Carlton Harriers, w9n the 100 Yards' Championship of Vic t0A destructive bus'hfire has occurred at Killingworth estate, near Tea, in ^ ic I t0The next show on the Jubilee Exhibi tion grounds will be held on March -, 3, anThe" championship for throwing the hirm mei- at St. . Hilda ivas won. by J. P. I MPo?t' Art Gallery' illuminated for the first time with the electric light on Sat U\r,y'Hu"0, the late foreman of the North | Adelaide *Fare Brigade, has gone to New I Three Miles' Championship at St. Kfida ^vas won by. C. A. . Bennett, of B With"the- wickets fast and true it was no wonder that big scores prevailed on SalUlaroe number of country cyclists wit nessed the struggle for the great race on S mhedTalisman G.M. Company is to ac qule the S-ty known as the Talisman ^ An*1 annuity is to be purchased for Lord Kitchener in recognition of his services in ^^Tlfe° I'arnellites in sympathising with France refer to that country as Ireland s ai1fenilb!mian Moslem chiefs have offered to raise 100,000 men for Jlie Sultan m the 6V Tlie British Government intend to ask the House of Commons for a gift of £30,000 f°l^pedciiLtraif took the, English mails and a number of passengers to Melbourne °U"fhedSiren'fnWeb," a new story by Annie Thomas, will be commenced m next Saturdays Jumplna Championship of Yie toria wn^won b.v W- Boyle at . St. Hilda. HM?: Joht hLmnf secretary to tlie Com missioned of Public Works, has served under 20 Commissioners. ■ • V heavy thunderstorm, wanted on the southern slopes el the .Hinder. B.J1W to is rented for clerical work in the diocese, will ife ordained by Bishop Harmer on Sun Fhe Queen's Bench decides that Mrs. Druce must have, the authority of the Home Secretary before exhuming tlie cof fin in the Iligligate cemetery. , Vnnie Thomas, the author of 1he | Siren's Web" the new Exp"*® storj, wrote "Tlie House in Piccadilv, ^narne Carewr," "Playing for High Stakes,. Den nis Downe," and several other high- class works of fiction ' ' 