Notes of the Day. Unlike Mr Oakhurst, the ^ambler, the handing in of whose checks has; been immortalised by Bret Harte, the Hon. Cecal Rhodes appears to foe determined to keep on handing his cheques out, in spite of the Transvaal Government's wish to acquire his skull, and to. reward the capUirer thereof with a farm, a large quantity of cash, and unlimited credit. Instead of hishead figuring prominently on a pole at Pretoria, however, Mr. ilnodes's body, with tha head attached, repoees in safely at Kiinbetiey, and he has now set several thousands of men goad-making at Kimberley in order to supply than with the means of making a living, and show 'the Boer that the Bri ton not only intends to stay in South Africa, but means to Macadamise a* large portion of it. On the whole tue contest Detween Krugsr and Bhodes seems to be resulting laigely in favor, cf the latter, and if Joubeiit or (Soma other military genius does not hurriedly capture the mil lionaire, the Government that laid itself out to decapitate one man will disap pear amid a few fireworks without even accomplishing that laudable object. Just before the commencement of hos tilities in South Africa, President Kru ger, after vainly attempting to tie » knot in thq tail of Mr Rhodes' lion with a clothes prop, returned that costly gift with a short note and a large appetite, while the whole Transvaal Government vowed to throw the 'verdomde' Rhodes and his lion into the sea- within a week or so. Instead of that, the millionaire is improving the state of the -thorough fares at Kimberley, and his lion Is yawn ing in his cage at Capetown, and won dering why iij is that things are so aw fully monotonous. As far as appearances go, Brer Boer as not likely to doi serious harm to either of them. The important centre of Charleville has been startled to its foundations, and the populations of Wallal, Augathella, and several other places are talking loudly and excitedly, all because of a strange and awful noise which came along without any warning, and nearly woke everybody up. Not being much given to temperance lecturers or Church Lads' bands in Charleville and vicinity, the advent of a weird noise which will not allow people to slumber peacefully is looked upon as a national calamity, while the animated discussion still pro- ceeding as to who heard it first has in- creased the local dryness to such an ex- tent that the consumption of strong drink is abnormal, even for the time of year. Charleville's description of the awful noise though showing a sad lack of imagina- tive power on the part of her residents, is a striking illustration of the manner in which circumstances influence the hu- man mind. Had that noise occurred in Charters Towers, and the local liar wish- ed to convey some slight impression of its awfulness to the outside world, he would undoubtedly have said it was like a magnified Mills' United explosion, but the uncultured denizes of Charleville, accustomed to few sounds, but the bleat of the lost lamb or the hoarse voice of the anti-camel orator, can only rise to the level of saying that the noise was like banging a tank with a large wad- dy. As tanks, like men, are always dry in Charleville, the Charleville Munchau- sen does not even specify that he means an empty tank, leaving that to be infer- red by the sagacious public who swal- low the tale. The matter shows that even with noises it is better to live up to the high standard of a 'Mills' United' than down to that of a galvanised iron frog- incubator. It seems as if the mrllcnium wore rap idly approaching in New South Wales, \- for at last a champion has been found for the domestic servant, and- a B U has been introduced into the New South Wales Legislature for the purpose of sub stantially improving the position of thai hitherto Uttie-thouglft-of drudge. Ths Bill, which was introduced by Mr Affleck, is a whole-souled measure, and is not cal \- ciliated to express sympathy with Mary Ann and ; then do nothing further, as is the case with so much reform legislation. Instead of that, it recognises that the domestic servant, taken all round, has a Vfiy rough time of it grafting for her feminine superiors, and it reaches for the hair of those superior in. a mann jr thajt, if the Bill is carried, will lead io what the Commonwealth. Bill calls 'domestic violence' in its worst aspoct .throughout Now South Wales. According to the B21 no female under the age of 14 years shall be employed as % 'general', and no domes tic servant shall work more than 8 lioura per day, except upon twelve days in the year, while no employer sliall deprive-any such servant of her night's rest, by caus ing her to administer paregoric to> the baby or perform such benevolent acts in connection with juvenile members of the household. On the other hand no servant shall neglect her duties or loiter in the* performance of them,and anyone,employed or employer, who offends against the Aot shall be liable to a fine of 20/. If the Bill becomes law a very large increase in the revenue of New South Wales may be expected, while the number of bankrup tcies on the pant of married males muot become proportionately more frequent. If the Bill had been introduced in South Australia or .New Ze&land; it could ba readily understood, but such devotSion on the part of a politician to the cause of an oppressed female without a vote is rare indeed One of the favorite gags of the good old days, now happily no more, was that melancholy one-sided fiction tha»t the 'early bird catches the worm.' For many years that tired old adage was poured into the ears of juvenils offenders who per sisted in lying in bed in the mornings and enjoying 'themselves, instead of act ing up -To the principle that tlris world was constructed solely for working a lot and sleeping very little in. At last, for tunately ,the world grew wiser, and the' more intelligent modern youth arrived at the conclusion that (there were two sides to every question, and that if the worm had devoted himself to sensibly enjoying his short life (to the best of his ability in stead of committing himself itto business at unearthly hours, he would have lived a longer and a more joyous life, and at the same time prevented gluttony from obtaining an -undeserved reward. Judg ing by a recent meeting of the Geraldton £)ivusi0nal Board the members of that august body wetfe not yet fully apprised of the fact that there are 'two sides »'.o every qiestion, for they went into res tate delicht because their worthy secre tary, while on a visit to Townsville In connection with a law case, had found ouitj the v hereabouts of 76 property owners in the Board's district, whose rates w"ere in arrears, the consequence of this being that on his return, crowned with laurel and full of newly-acquired kuowPdge^ Mr Jones was able to fcake immrdiate and effective action towards raising the Board's revenue to a hitherto undreamed of level. At the mecttiing in qnF^tlcm »J1 the members were unanimous in gard for Jones and litigaition as a means towards financial glory, and no one ap pears to have considered that for th«~-se discovered defaulters Hi at Townsvflle lav case was a very sad affair *inde»~d. Even tt'e keen vision of a Divisional Board Is ant to become defective when •the ques tion cf revenue comes inlto consideration Tt would be heartrending to conclude that our only Wragge is obliged to ds eend to 'verneukery' i!n order to kerp abreast of his reputation; but. *lh^re can be no doubt tliat hrs forecasts are b'ieom insr marvels of diplomacy, a princinto of "heads I win, tails you lose' running through them in sL manner calculated to make the crnic suggest 'that Chtnpnt in the s?re and yellow leaf is pursuing ih" trriuous palth that leads to rrnown if premature discovery does net «.t frs1 in tervene. At any rate, demerit's torren.iti lately are admirably adapted to ph*1 any Wither at all. and although exc?l'cnf. a literary or diplomatic •ttnumphs. th^re is a certain amount of indefiniifeeroe^s about .them that leads th"' incau^do^'s reader to nowhere in particular. Mr Wrrsgw*s Tall est masfaa'-pneces generally run sometving as follows 'Genrrallv fine weather will still prevail, with thunderstorms. cyclc-n)?s. tornadoes. waterspouts, bushfires*. and other nnseWed conditions in nlacs. Winds variable blowing ftiowards all pa'nta of the compass in plaecs, and back as-ill in others. Ssa moderate; but rrnieh In patches, under the influenre of the moon ioonal highklckcr *8hiftuB** This may ba pleasant reading, bust , until ftbe author gets down to busiriess and specifies his patches it is scientifically somewhat shaky because no matter whait: cliiua tic condi tions anybodyjstrakes, Bome pwrdon of the prophecy is sure to fit Ids case. The recent stringent instructions issued' by various steamship companies with a view to preventing their officers from talk ing to lady passengers, axe said to hare, been due to many material causes: Nu merous infuriajted lovers, who have been cuit out by thebrass-boundsons of Nep-. tune, have protested so vigorously that the carried directors of steamship eom panxes'have decided that never again shall Cupid be oftio'ally recognised aboard their steameins, and that if ladies will persist in showing -that they all love Jack; they must wait until Jack is onUserra firma, in stead of twining around his too suscep tible hekrt on the bosom of the romantic deep. The directors of the P. and O. Com pany, especially, are said to have on re cord horribly harrowing (tales of man's in humanity to main!, and woman's incon stancy upon the face of the wa'iers. The champion of these mournful histories Is that of a man in Melbourne who sent the fare to his intended tin—England, so thaifc they might be safely married in Aus'ralii, and live happily ever afterwards. On the way she had the precise position of the Southern Cross and other ^interesting mas ters explained to her. by a nice young P. and O. officer, the result being 'thai, th.3 latter officiated at the lady's wedding in Hie capacity of bridegroom. The heart broken Melbourne man, with wonderful perseverance, pulled himself together, UTote ouit another cheque, and imported the si=tter of the faithless one to act as his housekeeper, matrimony to ensue af ter a brief term of probation. On the voyage to the Antipodes, however, she too fell a victim to the charms of the mercantile marine, and another wedding with a P. and O. officer ais chief victim oc curred In Melbourne subsequently. The twice-bereft one then called upon the P. and O. authorities with wrath in his eye, and his sad story is said bo have had a great deal to do with the recent prohil> ition being issued. One of the strangest and most tragic incidents on record has just occurred in Gwrgia, America, in connection with the murder of a young man amrd William Campbell, who was shot with a rifle bul let one morning while ploughing. The only clues originally discovered were a mark on the ground where tli? murderer had knelt to take aim, and a whisky cork, lying near the sprit, and for long the per petrator seemed as safe as the Gatton mur dered. The brother of ithe murdered man .Tames Campbell, offered a reward of 500 dollars for the discovery of the murderer, and the grief of -the victims mother, an infirm old woman. of 70 years of age, mov ed all the neighbors to strenuous exer tions towards discovering the criminal. AH efforts seemed hopeless, however, whfin a man named Mercer came to Mrs Campbell, and asked her to sign a guar antiee to pay the 500 dcSlars if the mur derer was brought to justice, and James Campbell refused to fulfil his promise. The old woman gladly did so, and next day James Campbell was arrested at the instance of Mercer for 'the murder of his brother. Mrs Campbell refused to believe it, and fought hard for her son's acquit tal, but the evidence brought forward by Merger was ineontfaweitible, ani Camp bell was sent to the Penitentiary for life. Then Mercer sued the mother for ithe POO dollars, which she refused to pay, on the grounds that he hnd deceived her, but the Supreme Court found agnuiftt her, ard every cent she passr^ed has gone to wards rewarding tK/v man who serab heir seeond son to 2"^ f°r murd r'ng her flrsfr. Tf a liJ.W« ^Tifhinsr were to count Mercer's way. few people could regard it as a very s rious calamity. There is no doubt that, summer is ar riving and .with i/t 'the watermelon, which succulent vegetable has from time im memorial offered rrr:£i-t:ble a fractions t.3 the juvenile mind. Already two individu als of tender years have been brouah-4: up at the local Police Court on the heinous charge of annexing a water-melon from a Chinaman's garden. As usual in such cases, the crime ifeeSf was nothing, but the disgrace lay In being captured by the alien proprietor erf ifce jndoirpatch, ^10, uninfluenced by senlsniental meuKfflej of the ttime wiienhe, too, was yqung^ittl yearned. for. melons inunediaiely the law in operation toexpress his disappro bation of the proceedings. If therettsono misdemeanor more which the average xnazL is. inclined to look upon with sympathy, it ss the practice of borrowing undoiis from the gaixleln of Celestial eubbage-producers, for thesiiu ple treason that there is probably no Aus tralian native in exietempe who possessed in. his youth the ordinary juvenile taetea and a capacity for sprin£itig,wh<> h«« jiot at some timeor other, energetically: fol lowed up the practice himself. Itis-on occasions such as these that irhe truth of the saying 'one touch of nature makes the whole world kin* receives prac tical exemplification. - Tiie editor of an Engiish journal, wIlo evidently lives near a church, has bmk^-ji forth upon the question of chur^ t^l^ as follows:. 'Why do.people haWchureh bells? What goocl are ithey? Men go to the hank, or to business a tithe proper time and^vomen manage to jget into town in time for their shopping without being rung up. The fact is, thaifc church beHs are a relic of ancient tames, and like many cither relics, are a nuisance. The' on'v time when people could realJy obtain a little of tliat peace which - the' weekday world cannot givei, is the very time when these licensed nuisances do "their best io prevent there being any pelace anywhere.' The unfortunate editor is not the first per son who has been1 bothered by -the sftrauire affinity between pieity and noise, but most people have become too much accustomed to the fact to trouble much abcut .It on?* Avay or the other. Even into the cause of temperance, which has become in Aus tralia in some mysterious manner blende I with sanctity so !fchat the power of abstain ing from long beers is usually intimately connected with the ability (to offer up long prayers, the same principle has been imported, so that tltie remarks of a tem peiTinee enthusiast; at large invariably render it impossible to sleep within a Tadius of half-a-mile, and are ealculsltod «fco drive any ordinary mortal "to drink within half-an-liour. Whatever thte rear son of all this, the ifesultj is frequently the reverse of what was originally Mended and it would be interestilng entire chancre of basic principles .would have the ■effect of turning many sinners into the straight and narrow way ot which we hear so much and know so little. Matters In the weather line in Queens land seem to be looking up, and various places have been shaken up to such an extent that it looks as if Boreas was bracing himself up to blow Queensland off the map. The population of Croydon, tired of talking about the limitless pos sibilities of their gold field if only some bloated capitalist would come along and discover in the deep ground those reefs which every Croydon? te knows must ba there, and feels annoyed with'the world in general for not rolling up with the cash and .proving things, when a nice little dust-storm struck the village,blow ing several roofs, innumerable jam-tins and oth?r bric-a-brac, many self-respect ing goats, and few prominent citizens, into a confused heap, a few miles outside the town.. The language indulged in by the prominent citizens on this unsuspici ous occasion, is said to have greatly low ered the moral tone of Croydon as a whole, especially as the awful local charge for refreshments, 1/- per glass, precludes the necessary balm from being applied in sufficiently large quantities« Th£n at Longreaeh, that sporting spot, which has climbed along the Central lino as far from Rockhampfxm as possible, Separation set in in a violent manner on Thursday last, and at present the. place Is attempting to collect itself sufficiently to discover whether the viator was an other Anti-Federal orator from Hock . hampton. or merely a stray tornado beep ing itself warm this chilly weather. When to this is iadded the awful fact that Charleville some time after - Hallowe'en and a^ good while before Christinas, dis tinctly heard a noise resembling a sup ernatural club playing on a mysterious galvanised iron tank, it must be admit ted that if someUiing does not happen to Queensland before long there must be a mistake somewhere. „ 