A Great Disaster. BEING A PARABLE TO ILLUS TltATE THE APATHY OF MAN KIND. An exoited man rushed into the city crying, " There has been a great disaster! The viotims are homeless, and starving, and naked 1 Who will give succour P" Then to the people that beard bim, dropping their tools, flooked around him clamouring eager ly, and shouting '«I will help !'* *' And I!" " And I" " I will give £1 !" cried one; " I will give £10!" said another; and bo ou until all bad promised something. '• Well, follow me," eaid the newtbearer, " and I will take you to tbesoene; but let me tell you that neither money nor clothes, nor food will be of much service in thiB case," The people looked at bim incredu lously, and in wonder; but they followed,.for theirvanity was tickled et the prospect of acting as rescuers. The alarmist led the way until be reaohed one of the lowest slums in the town. Its bouses were unpainted, Oltby, and tumble-down. At the doora stood slatternly women, abus ing eaob other or goeeiping. Drink sodden men' hung about, smoking and quarrelling. Dirty, balf-naked children playod in the gutters. Everything was miserable and degraded. But there was no eoene such as the crowd had oome to ass, and the would-be philanthropists were aetoniahed when the leader turned quietly to them and eaid, " Behold the effsate of the calamity!" '! Mad P" said one. " Dip him in the horBe-trdhgh!" orled another. But the alarmist stood quietly before them all, and his manly' presenoe shielded bim from violence, Sud denly he spoke. ■* Oh men, look at these men, look at these wretched tenements! these soulless faced men and women ! these degraded child ren ! Can ye not see that a disaster has happened -more fearful than a oolliery explosion, more disastrous than a wreck, more awful than a bush-fire, more pitiless than an earth quake? Can ye not realise that here la not need for gifts of olotbes, and money, end food? He that Would give sucoour, let him fall to. and raise these wretched hovels; hatter down theBe gin palaoeB; build eohoole in whioh to teach theBe little child ren ' higher things than they ate learned in the gutter. . . . But hie hearera (dupes they called themselves) had departed, and none heard him hot the degraded sots, and children who threw mud at him from behind bie baok. So he, too, departed bemoaning, the 'callousness of man, whose compassion can only be aroueed by a sudden sensation, and who can iive. in the neighbourhood of equator and crime and degradation, and be too epineleBB to raise a hand to sweep them away,— 1 Tooein* 