Our Summary of Coloniaflfews. Bush fires are raging all round Cumnock, and the farmers are extremely anxious about the safety of their crops. A eerious outbreak of diphtheria has oc curred at Sunny Corner. A plague of flying foxes has broken out at Windsor. The white ants are destroying the potato crop and the fruit tree roots at Sutherland. The Hawkesbury River has silted up above the Windsor bridge through the late floods. A number of fossil marsupial bones have been found at Harden. Cowra farmers state that the recent hot weather haB caused them a loss of two bushels to the acre. The Mayor of Brisbane and three alder men are on a visit to Sydney picking np municipal" wrinkles." There is a strong feeling in Melbourne that the new Government will have a very brief existence. Miss Maud MacCartby is achieving bril liant successes in Melbourne. At tbe Wilcannia sessions the other day, Marshal Campbell, charged with embez zling tbe municipal funds,- was sentenced to fonr years' penal servitude. Mr. Solomon's Ministry has put up a record as the shortest-lived Government in Sonth Australia, which, prior to the advent of the Kingston Administration, was a colony of short-lived Governments. At Wilcannia Sessions the other day, two of the shearers of the Murtee Station sued the manager of the property, claiming £50 compensation. The action arose out of the late poisoning case, when tea was made from water boiled in a bucket which had contained arsenic. The^ matter was setfled,. the men agreeing to accept £10 «*A- , "" ' il" «r: At Coraki orPSaturday several working bullockB dropped .dead owing to'the in tense heat. Mr. G. Thompson, a bank clerk, and a son of Mr. Thompson, postmaster, Ba thurst, who broke his back throngh diving in shallow water in the Manly Beach bath on Wednesday afternoon died on Friday morning. Owing to the heat, sunstroke and bush fires are reported from Victoria. It was 103 in the shade on Thursday at one o'clock. In Adelaide (S.A.) the shade and sun were 109 and 175.7 respectively. The Legislative Conncil, on the casting vote of the President, agreed on Thursday night to the third reading of the Art Unions Bill. The second reading of the Broken Hill Electric Lighting Bill was negatived in the Legislative Couucil on Thursday night by 16 votes to 12. Mrs. Affleck, mother of Mr. W. Affleck, M.L. A., died on Thursday at Harden. Her age exceeded 100 years. She had main tained her faculties up till the last. A collision occurred in Darling Harbour on Thursday between the steamer Coraki and Brown's tag Gamecock resulting in the latter being damaged to the extent of over JB1Q0. 20,000 tenements in Melbonrne are now connected with the Board of Works system of sewerage. 