Under Fire. The'following realistic account of what it feels like to be under fire under modem conditions was written by Stephen Crane for • Blackwood's Magazines'— The battalion had uo sooner left the battery in the rear when bullets began to drive overhead. They made several f different sounds, but as these were mainly high shots it was usual for them to maka the faint note of a vibrating string, touched elusively, half dreamily. The military balloon, a (at, wavering yellow thing, was leading the advance like some new conception of war-god. Its bloated mass soae above the trees, and served incidentally to indicate to the men at the rear, that comrades were in advance. The track itself exhibited lor all its visible len a closely-knit procession of soldiers blue with breasts crossed with white shelter tents. The first ominous order of battle came down the line. ' Use the cut-off. Don't use the magazine until you're ordered.' Non commissioned officers repeated the command gruffly. A sound of clicking locks rattled along the columns. All men knew that the time had come. The front had burst out with a roar like a bush-fire The balloon was dying, dying a gigantic and public death before the eyes of two armies. It quivered, sank, faded into the trees amid the flurry of a battle that was suddenly and tremendously like a storm. The American battery thundered behind the men with a shock that seemed like to tear the backs of their heads off. The Spanish shrapnel fled on a line to their left, swirling and swishing in supernatural velocity. The noise uf the rifle bullets broke in their faces like the noise of so many lampchimneys or spread overhead in swift cruel spitting. And at the front the battle sound, as if it were only music, was beginning to swell and swell until the voliies rolled like a surf. The officers shouted hoarsely. 1 Come on, men ! Hurry up, boys! Come on now. Hurry up!' The soldiers, running heavily in their accoutrements, dashed forward. A baggage guard was swiftly detailed ; the men tore their rolls from their shoulders as if the things were afire. The battalion, stripped for action, again daBhed forward. ' Come on, men ! Come on !' To them the battle was as yet merely a road through the woods crowded with troops, who lowerad their heads anxiously as the bullets flew high. But a moment lateT the column wheeled abruptly to the left and entered a field of tall green grass. The line scattered to a skirmish formation. In front was a series of knolls, treed sparsely like orchards; and although no enemy was visible, these knolls were all popping and spitting wiih rifle-fire.* In some places ther • were to be seen lenti gray iines of dirt—entrenchments. The American shells were kicking up reddish clouds of dust from the brow of one of the knolls, where stood a pagoda-like house. It was not mnch like ^ battle with men; it was a battle with a bit of charming scenery, enigmatically potent fcr death. Nolan knew tbat Martin bad suddenly fallen. ' What ' he began. * They've hit me,' said Martin. Martin lay on the ground, clutching his left fore arm just below the elbow with all the strength of his right hand. His lips were pursed ruefully. He did not seem to know what to do. He continued to stare at his arm. Then suddenly the bullets drove at them low and hard. The men flung themselves face downward in the grass. Nolan lost all thought of bis friend. Oddly enough, he felt somewhat like a man hiding under a bed, and he was just as sure that he could not raise his head high without being shot as a man hiding under a bed is sure that he cannot raise his head without bumping it. A lieutenant was Bested in the grass jast behind him. He was in the careless and yet rigid pose of a man balancing a loaded plate on his knee at a picnic. 'He was talking in soothing paternal tones. Now, don't get rattled. We're all right here. Just as safe as being in church. They're all going high. We've got them rattled aud they can't shoot- Don't mind them.' Charlie Bullivant held his No. 1 Calcutta sweep last night on the Melbourne Cup' *t the Shamrock Hotel. The sweep closed worth £11416s. The following prices were realised:—Wait-a-Bit, £7 16s; Dewey; £10; GOCOB, £13 6B ; War God, £12 5s; Cranberry, £8 10s; Contrast, £6 10s; Ganleon, £610»; lie Var, £6 Be; Clarion, £6 5s; Lee-Metford, £4; Fleet Admiral, £4; Dirk Hanunerhsnd. £3 15s; Voyou, £S 6s; 'Scorn, & 6s; La Carabine, s Merriwee, £8; Ballistite, £Sl 15s;!'Lin; caster, £2 15s j Tremarden, £2 Ss; Floddett, £S 10s; Mora, £3; Gaulus, £2 10s; Merry Pilgrim, £1 8s; April Fool, £1 10s; 'Burrabari, £1 iSs; Cremona, £110e; Sentinel, £t fis; Goodwill, £1; Fairy Prince; £1 ; Gungadin, £1 10s; Bine MetaL,15s; Jackson, ISe; Reriver, £1 6s; : Leenling'8 Boots, 10s. I 