BUSH FIRES EXTENSIVE OUTBREAKS, The recent spell of excessive heat has been experienced in nearly every province of the colony, as well as in the capital, and under its influence fires have broken out in many places. In some cases houses as well as stock, fences, and herbage, have been destroyed. In the neighborhood of Maffra the damage is reported to represent a loss of L3000. No advices are to hand at time of writing, to indicate whether the cool change and the refreshing rainfall experienced in Melbourne and suburbs has extended over the country. If this be the case, probably the danger of a spread of the fires will be materially lessened, as will also the extent of the damage. The worst outbreak seems to have been experienced in the Yarram (South Gipps- land) district, where fires have been burning for the past fortnight. On the 14th inst, a fire started at Devon, in Mr Coulthard's paddock, thence It spread to Bullet's property, rented by J. W. Davis, jun, where the house was burnt, and a shed, stack of hay, and all tools destroyed. In its course the fire attacked Farrel M'Leod's holding, where about 20 neighbors were in readiness and the house was saved with difficulty ; the barn, hay, fruit trees, cowyards and sheds and grass being all destroyed. The fire then swept on to Mr D. O'Callaghan's, in whose house were two patients, in the doctor's hands. These were hastily removed to safety in a vehicle. The house was saved; the household effects had been placed in an empty waterhole, covered with bark, and the whole covered with sand for safety. Mr Felmingham lost about 80 acres of grass, his house only being saved by the timely assistance of neighbors. The Jack Bridge was afire several times, and was saved with difficulty. Mr Chenhall lost all his grass. Fortunately, his stock had been removed by friendly aid, otherwise they must have perished. Two days later, Mr E. O'Callaghan lost, all his grass, three stacks of hay and fencing, but saved his house. Messrs Barry Bros' paddock were swept bare, and only the house was saved. The separator house was burned, and only the machines standing. Mr John Knee lost a lot of fencing and grass, and two stacks of hay. Mr John Griffiths, sen., has lost a splendid fruit garden, the milking yards, 10 tons of chaff and grass; only the house is standing. Mr John Brown has lost his house and everything else. Mr Win. Ross has lost his sheds, a stack of hay, grass and fences. Mr John H. Brain lost his grass. Mr John M'Aniley lost all his grass, and saved his house. At Hedley, Mr G. Rendell's pigs were burned to death in the sty, and he lost his hay stacks and fencing. Messrs Bird, Ferguson and Hodgson lost a quantity of grass and fencing. At Woodside the fire was terrific. Sheep were burned, a horse's mane caught on fire while rounding it up, and some miles of fencing were destroyed, as were hundreds of acres of grass, the losers being Messrs Despard, Walpole, Legrand, Kaney, Greenaway, Lowe, and Boddy. At Maffra a fire swept across Mewburn Park Estate, owned by the Messrs Glaesford. Fanned by a hot north wind, it spread across the homestead paddock with great rapidity, burnt the back gate and fencing in close proximity to the house, and it was only by the strenuous effort of the beaters that the house and outbuildings were saved. About a hundred and fifty to two hundred men were engaged all day long coping with the fire. Miles of fencing have been destroyed. A peculiar sight was numerous hares running hither and thither, and finally bolting into the flames, while opossums were crawling high up the trees in a futile endeavor to get out of reach of the fire. Altogether 2000 acres have been devastated. Another savage fire was burning on Mrs Buntine's property, near Heyfield, and a report states that Mr W. Minson's and Mr T. Allardyce's properties have also been swept. It is also stated that the fire spread into Mr E. Riggall's property, Byron Lodge. At Moorilim a very disastrous fire broke out on Mr Moffat's farm, defying all efforts at extinction, and extending through the farms of Messrs Keady, Kearney, Wells, Noonan, Carter, M'Donald and Tobe, and on through Moloka Station, in the direction of Longwood. At all these farms, grass and fencing were destroyed, but in addition at Mr Wells's farm five straw stacks were consumed. At Moe two settlers have been burnt out. The townships of Moe and Trafalgar were enveloped with smoke. At Mirboo North bush fires were numerous. On the Tarwin, at Mirboo South, it required a dozen men to save Mrs Goldsmith's homestead, and on Wednesday Messrs Darragh and Benn had great trouble in saving their properties. Inglis Bros, Murdan, lost 300 acres of grass, and Mr Watts's paddock of 300 acres, was also swept. At Leongatha, in the heavily timbered country, bushfires are again prevalent. The homestead of Mr Jeremiah Sullivan, about a mile distant from the town, has been completely destroyed, including fences, grass, and out-fences. The property of Mr A. Simmons, who escaped last year, is on fire. A series of disastrous fires occurred near Katamatite, several farmers being burnt out at Yourang. The holdings of five farmers were partially destroyed. Two fires also occurred in Youanmite, several farmers being burnt out. About 2000 acres have been destroyed. For the past few days a large bush fire has been burning, two miles from Broadford. Starting close to the property of Mr M. K. McKenzie, M.L.A., it has travelled through Messrs Davis' Moar's, Brace's, Longstaff's, and Mrs Smith's. And considerable quantity of grass and fencing and several stacks of firewood belonging to Mr W. Hicks have been destroyed. Fires which have destroyed much grass and fencing are also reported from Avoca, Avenel, Beaufort, Benalla, Kilmore, Strafford, Tallarook, Warragul, and Woodend. 