GBR MUSMJLBROOK LETTER. (Trom ooa EEpnEaKjiTATivit.] Bdshfire Extinguishes. — Bushfires havo ever been the terror of the settler in Aus tralia, and pastoralists and farmers have from time to timo had good renson to dread tho ravages of tho element that is so useful in buujcukiuu uuu bo uusr, motive wnon ueyonu control. Our summers' heat makes every thing in tho open is inflammable that pre cautions must always be taken to guard against fire, and also to check and fight tlio enemy when it makes its appearance. Boughs of trees and flour bngs havo fre quently been used with effoct in extinguish ing bushfires, but Mr. R. T, Keys hns designed an ' extinguisher' which was mado to his order during the past week by Mr. G. ? ? c ? i ? i * jji ? i.i.Jl ? uuiuuu, uuu ui uur juuul buuuiuru, umi uppeiirs not only in every way superior to tho primi tive implements previously mentioned, but also in evory respect the best yet made or utilised for putting out a firo, Tho 'ex- tinguisher' has a handlo about tho length and strength of an ordinary garden rake, to which is attached a stout flap of leather, shaped somewhat liko a paddle, about eighteen inches broad at tho widest part and twenty two inches in length, Tho flap is let neatly into tho handle and . firmly rivetted in' its position. Being flexible j,nd durable tho leather is the bost material obtainable for beating out a firo and being nicoly adjusted to, a handlo of convenient size it can be used effectively by either a boy or a man, and so constructed tho ' extinguishor' is bound to find favour with farmer and \grnzior and bo looked upon \n futuro as a most dosirablo ' implement to havo during summer at evory homestead. Four of tho 'extinguishers' were mado specially by Mr. Gordon to be sent to Dulwich, a property in tho- Singleton district that is leased by Mr. Koys, and upon which a firo was raging last week. The Hhat Wave.— Friday and Saturday were intensoly warm, and in oppressiveness almost equal to the corresponding periods of the previous week. The nights of tho days mentioned wero indoors -also almost intoler able, and wbro spont by many persons on verandahs or balconies. On Saturday and Sunday afternoons thunderstorms appeared to be within eloso range, but wero only folt slightly locally, a fow drops of rain falling. Towards tho evening of Sunday a delightfully cool cliaugo se't in, a refreshing wind coming from tho south and continuing all night, during which rain threatened, but. afterwards re-gathered, tho sky being again overcast this morning, giving tho hopo that rain will still be experienced as ono of tho. bouefioial results of tho wolcomo change. Similar weather conditions prevailed all yesterday which was gloomy throughout, rain appearing imminent until aftor nightfall, whon the clouds dispersed and tho sky began to clear. The Musical Association. — All local lovors of music are again romindod that tho Musical Association's concort will bo held in the School of Arts on Wednesday night noxt, when a high-class programme will be gone through, and us tho weather is now cool and likely, to continue so for a fow days, every inducomont will bo givou tho rosidents to participate in n evening's enjoyment of a most agroeablo order. ' Ciieuuv It-ii1 u.' — -A good story is told of two well- known poregrinators of 'tho Northorn district who wore recontly in a particular part of Now England, and thought tlioy would improvo tho occasion by purchasing somo luscious fruit for friends who dwolt in less favoured localities. Thoy accordingly procooded to a rural fruitgrower's habitation, and having sampled some primo cherries, intorviewod an elderly lady iu an apart ment whoro tho light was, dim, tho room hav ing beon darkened to keep out tho hoat. It may be as woll to stato horo that ono of tho poregrinators has a naturally majestic air aud stylo before which Bonn Brummol's wmilrl linvn mink into insignificant; n. In lordly tonos, in kooping with his dignified appearance and faultloss attire, ho addrossod tho worthy dame, in tho subdued light, say ing ' Sond half a' dozen ensos of thoso cherries to the addross- which I now givo you (handing her a piecP of papor) and whon I know tho order has boon duly oxeoutod, I will sond you tho amount of your chargo in oitlior postal noto or post office order.' 'Will you in deed?' said a doop voico from a dark baok ground, startling tho visitors. ' Not if I know it. I'vo seen too many vagabonds of your typo to whom I sont my chovi'ios in tlio' past and nover again hoard from or of thom.' This unexpected outburst from a watchman in tho sliado put tho amateur fruit buyors on thoir mottle, nB thoy realised thoy woro iu tlio prosonco of a man who had apparently boon mado a philosopher by oxporiouoo, who bo liovod in tho axioms that ' All is. not gold that glitters,' and that ' Handsomo is that liandsomo 'doos.' Thoy woro, howovor, montally, morally — and what was porhaps of moro importnnoo at tho timo — finauoially equal to tho emergency. Explanations followed and arrangements mado with tho cherry vendor that woro mutually satisfactory, but tho fact remains that tho ? porpgrinators can now bo Uiado halt abruptly in tlio streot, by, within thoir hoaring, ojapulating tho wordB ' oliorry ripo.' Thu Looai, Hospital and it's Sui'i'oitrans. — It is gratifying to bo ablo te stato that tho residonts of Muswollbroolc .and neighbouring .distriots duly nppvooiato tho valuo of our woll managod hospital, and thoir responsi bilities with rogard' to its maintonauoo. In addition to individually subscribing liboralljr towards its support, thoy also, as Mercury roadorg aro awaro, aro aooustoinod to organise ontortaiumont in thoir rospootivo localities iu aid of its funds. Tho annual ofEort of tho , Donman folk in that rosiSoct will bo mado noxt Saturday night, in tlio local Sohool of Arts, whoro a concort will bo givon by Donman and Muswollbroolc singers, and is ltkoly to ho woll attondod. , „ ' Tuosday morning. ' 