The Sydney Morning Herald SATURDAY, JANUARY 14, 1899. It was generally assumed in commercial circles yesterday that Sir Julian Salomons would accept the position of Agent-General, and the matter was discussed from that standpoint. Opinions in political and commercial circles in regard to such an appointment will be found elsewhere. The Admiralty has entered into a contract with the Thames Ironworks Company for the construc- tion of first-class battleships for the navy. Herr Gossler in introducing the Army Bill in the German Reichstag said that the Czar's inter- national proposals had convinced Germany that she had nothing to fear from Russia. At the same time nowhere was there evidence of a cessa- tion of war preparations. The Russian Budget allots £5,500,000 for naval construction purposes. On the voyage from Genoa to Buenos Ayres the Italian steamer Vittoria, with a cargo of sulphur took fire, and was scuttled, with the sulphur ablaze. The passengers numbering 423, were landed at Alicante, on the coast of Spain. At the Miners' Federation Conference now being held in London, it has been decided to ask for an advance of 7½ per cent upon the present rate of pay. Senator Foraker, of the United States, has hinted that the retention of the Philippines by America will be due to the possible intervention of other Powers. The Filipinos at Hongkong assert that Aguinaldo will attack Manila if the American troops land at Ilo Ilo, in the island of Panay. The owner of the Cromartyshire, on the ground of alleged excessive speed, has obtained damages from the owners of the steamship Bourgogne for the loss of his steamer in collision with their vessel of the coast of Nova Scotia in July last. M. de Beaufaire appealed to the Chamber of Deputies, requesting that the Dreyfus inquiry be removed from the control of the Criminal De- partment of the Court of Cassation. After a stormy debate, the Chamber, by a majority of 3 to 1, passed a vote of confidence in the Government, and, by implication, in the Court of Cassation. The Premier, in a dignified speech, appealed to the Chamber of Deputies to show respect for law and liberty. The general opinion is that the agitation set on foot by M. de Beaufaire has failed. The bequest of the late Baron Ferdinand de Rothschild to the British Museum is worth £300,000. A Workers' Pension Bill is being drafted by the Belgian Government. The plague that has been raging with such virulence in Bombay has broken out in Calcutta. Turkish troops have defeated the insurgents in the province of Yemen, Arabia, killing 4000 of their number. The Turks lost 2000 men. Some German officers stationed at Metz jostled a civilian named Herr Tillmann, who raised a stick in defence, and afterwards boasted that he had thrashed them. The Court of Honour compelled the senior officer to challenge Tillmann to a duel, which was fought at 10 paces, the civilian being shot dead. Mr. Raper's wire-haired fox-terrier Go Bang has been sold for £500. A fierce south westerly gale has swept over the United Kingdom, causing much damage to pro- perty. Several trains were blown off the lines. The Channel steam service was suspended. News has been received from British East Africa to the effect that the natives of Marwai, in Uganda, have treacherously massacred Captain Kirkpatrick and seven men who wore employed on surveying operations. A force under Major M Donald has started in pursuit of the mur- derers. Sir Edward Braddon, Premier of Tasmania, has agreed that his colony shall be represented at the Federal Conference. Mr. G. H. Reid intends to communicate with Queensland forthwith. Yesterday morning a fire took place at St. Francis' Church, Paddington, by which the "crib," which is considered the most complete of its kind in Australia, was considerably damaged. The outbreak was caused whilst the caretaker was lighting the church at the north end, under the choir gallery, prior to the early mass. Mr. Lucas, of the Sydney Botanic Gardens, was lost in the Kosciusko ranges on Wednesday afternoon, and up to yesterday had not been found. Since Wednesday there have been copious falls of snow. A good extent of business in investments was transacted yesterday in the Stock and Share market. All Government securities were un- changed. In the Import market yesterday business showed a considerable improvement, nearly all lines participating. At Darling Harbour yesterday 683 bales of wool arrived, 1108 bales were received coast- wise, and 148 came forward by rail at Newcastle on Thursday. There was considerable activity in the Mining market yesterday, the feature being the strong tone and large demand for Western Australian gold companies. Yesterday's customs revenue amounted to £5726. The R.M.S. Oroya arrived at Albany from Colombo on Thursday night. The mails which left Sydney per R.M.S. Warrimoo on December 3 arrived in London on the 11th instant. The R.M.S. Mariposa arrived at San Francisco on the 11th instant. It has been asserted by those literary critics of eminence who are always vigi- lant to detect the appearance of work original as well as new that the decay of the century seems to be accompanied by a corresponding failure of intellectual fruitfuluess or mental energy. It has passed into a commonplace that the English literary world has entered on a slackwater stage, in which inventiveness seems paralysed and great reputations cease to be made. The Darwins have delivered their scientific message, the Newmans have given their contribution to religious thought, the Tennysons have sung their song of the century which may now be said to have completed the work appointed for it to do, and the Thackerays have told their stories. These names stand for great reputations, and the works they represent are classic. But although scientific research and religious thought are still active, though hosts of minor poets sing and popular novelists write successful stories, the great reputations are no longer made; and no writer of verse or story in England just now has an absolute claim to be ac- counted as in the same flight with the creators of Mr Pickwick or Colonel New- come. We hear a corresponding complaint from the critics of French literary effort. The output goes on, the writers are still ingenious and prolific, and the result in its way is interesting to the observer. But Edmund Gosse has just raised the complaint that so far as serious literary work is concerned, in poetry, history or biography, or any of the serious branches of imaginative or philosophical literature, the century is going out in darkness, and for several decades and generations past no such barren field has presented itself. He finds the cause in the distracted condition of French domestic politics, and it is of course true enough that in times of public turmoil and disquiet the writer is in no humour to produce or the reader to ap- preciate serious literature. It is in eras of peace that creative effort is pur- sued and its results have time to command attention; but although it may be conceded that the condition of things in France just now is not eminently favourable to this kind of thing, it hardly follows that the whole state of the case is explainable or accountable for on that theory. It is a situation which has its counterpart, as as [sic] we have seen, in England, where the same disturbed conditions do not exist. Nor would it be sufficient to say in regard to either country that a reign of dulness or at best a period of only imitative effort in literature has set in because there is any slackening of the de- mand. It is safe to say that there never were more readers of fiction than there are now. The schoolmaster and his labours have widely differentiated this generation from that which made the fame of Thackeray and Dickens, for example, and which, statistically speak- ing, hardly knew how to read. When the Education Act of 1870 began its work in England it was predicted that many splendid things would follow from its effects as soon as they had time to make themselves felt. A population inoculated with the habit of reading and capable of appreciating the best writers of the language in prose and verse would act as a ceaseless stimulus of intellectual effort. The literary producer would be under an obligation to give the public of his best, for he would be unable to escape the conviction that an enormous and enlightened circle of readers watched his work, instead of a narrow circle. It seemed to have been taken for granted that under such circum- stances the mistaken judgments of the critical few, which might have withered the sensitive buds of genius that flowered in the work of a Keats or a Kirke White, would be set aside by the sweeping award of an unbiassed and appreciative public. There is no doubt that to some extent what was predicted has come to pass. The masses have learnt to read, they have even contracted the habit of reading, and they have not been backward in passing judgment on those who have written for them, while lavishly rewarding those who have won their favour. These facts have so largely stimulated the literary output, too, that the number of minor poets, works of fiction, news- papers, and magazines, illustrated and otherwise, is greater than ever it was before. Everyone reads, and the printing presses are ceaselessly at work to gratify the demands of this insatiable appetite. But the bulk of the new periodicals are magazines of cheap fiction, and the poetry of the day at its best is little better than a work- manlike and respectable imitation of the output of the masters of the craft. Out of the mass of now fiction-literature produced every season there is, of course, much that is undeniably clever and even brilliant, much that is interesting, and much that we are glad to have. Some of the names of the writers of fiction at present doing then work represent standards of intellectual effort which would have been high in any period. It is even true that some of the authors of the day might, had their work been pro- duced in other times, have challenged the fame of some of those whose names are now enrolled on the list of classics of the language. But all this only serves to make the paradox of the present the more apparent. It is even alleged that criticism itself has accepted this situation, or that its functions are discharged in such a way as to give colour to this conclusion. There are conventional phrases and terms of criticism which have become stereotyped out of all flexibility, and which consti- tute a kind of rough-and-ready gauge of measurement to be applied to each new work as it appears. It is obvious that originality of thought or method would fail to adjust itself readily to this mechanical test, and we are left to assume that it applies because, as a rule, the originality is absent and not expected. Those who are familiar with the literature of criticism will recognise a moulded and set form of comment, a familiar style of epithet and platitude, and a commonplace repetition of phrase which suggest of themselves that the critic is tired of the hopelessness of the effort to discover anything new. The effort that is being done seems to have been done better before. The songs have all been sung, and the stories told, and the most the singers and storytellers of a barren age can do is to invent ingenious if attenuated and anæmic variants on old themes. At least, this is the tale that seems to repeat itself to those who consult either the literature or the criticism of literature of the day. Technical skill is common among poets, and command of words, and the musical ear. The story-tellers keep on telling stories, and the public in its myriads eagerly reads thom. But it is all a mere simulacrum of the roal thing. It would seem that we have reached one of those unproductive stages of the world's development that procede a period of transition—when humanity is waiting for something new such as it obtained about the end of the last century, when a fresh political, scientific, and social era was inaugurated. Are we on the eve of such another revelation, and must we wait until it comes and its effects begin to manifest themselves before we can get new and vitalising matter for literature ? Of all the researches into nature's secrets, none possesses a greater fascina- tion than that of poisons. In every age this potent medium of destruction has exercised a remarkable sway, and the mystery surrounding its workings has been only equalled by the destruction it has spread abroad. In earlier centuries death by poisoning was much in favour, and troublesome enemies were quickly and quietly removed by this means. Especially was this the case in the seven- teenth century, Italy and France enjoying a particular notoriety. The practices of adepts in the art of secret poisoning gradually spread all over Europe, and at times the utmost terror prevailed as the result of repeated murders from this cause. But with the strides of science new dis- coveries are every day becoming known, and the popular instruments of a bygone age promise to be rapidly superseded. Lec- turing recently in London, Sir J. Crichton Browne, F.R.S., drew attention to the increased extent of our knowledge of poisons, and curiously went on to comment on the strange fact that notwithstanding the discovery of new poisons which when taken into the body could defy detection, even under the most minute post-mortem examination, the old fashioned methods of human destruction were still resorted to. People do not, it appears, make use of the new and powerful organic poisons, but content themselves with employing inorganic drugs, scheduled in the pharmacopoeia and easy of detec- tion. The lecturer conjured up a dread image for the future by describing what he called "a connoisseur of poisons." Such a one, he asserted, could by keeping his own microbes slaughter hundreds of innocent people without the slightest fear of his crime coming to light. The disturbing utterances of medical bacteriologists are day by day becoming more familiar to us. They themselves are but on the outskirts of a great continent of knowledge, and the results of their partial discoveries are continually being given to the world and increasing the uneasiness of life. On every side now we hear of germs, microbes, toxins, anti- toxins, and serums without end, and the dread possibilities of contracting disease appear so numerous that simple people wonder how it is that anyone manages to escape. In the animal world and with human kind honours are about divided, or, we should say, affliction and mortality are fairly proportioned. Tick and rinderpest among cattle, influenza, plague in India, cholera, smallpox, and other fearful mala- dies hold periodic sway, and many more are vaguely threatening. But in the midst of their cries of alarm and exhortations for increased caution the doctors hold out hopes of a good time coming. The researches in the domain of serum therapeutics are expected to yield great things, so great, indeed, that one is tempted to think that the medical men's expectations are a little too san- guine. The omnipresent, troublesome little microbe has been relentlessly followed up along all the lines of its divagations, and its vagaries are to some extent known, together with the means of frustrating its malignant work. On this subject Sir J. Crichton Browne, after reminding us that it has been experimentally proved that animals that have been inoculated with the microbe of certain infectious diseases, and that have survived the illness thus induced, have become refractory to the action of the same microbe subsequently inoculated, goes on to speak of the wonderful pro- tective powers of the serum of the blood of animals thus treated on other healthy animals. Though incap- able of setting up the disease in question, the serum conveys to the animals into which if is injected a remarkable power of resisting it. So far there is nothing that is very fresh, but the doctor bases on this the statement that "step by step, armed with our antitoxins and our serums and our lymphs, we are encroaching on the ghoul- haunted regions of disease and bringing hope and healing where before all was darkness and despair." And from this somewhat melodramatic exordium he proceeds to say, "There is no extrava- gance in the prediction that all the in- fective diseases will before long be brought under control more or less, and have their power of evil vastly restricted if not abolished." This is a prophecy that has a cheering sound, and humanity's load will be considerably lightened if it should prove true. The doctor is very hopeful in regard to what may be achieved along this line, for he looks forward to the time when the microbes of a number of infective diseases may be "so tamed and domesticated" as to be changed from "ravening wolves " to "faithful housedogs" guarding us from all savage attacks. He hardly dares to say how far immunisation may go, but he can conceive a time when "a course of immunisation will be made obligatory upon every child, as elementary education now is;" and from this course of treatment the child will emerge "proof for life against smallpox, tuberculosis, scarlet fever, diphtheria, whooping cough, measles, and all the zymotics that do so easily beset us." This picture of freedom from so many of the terrible ills the flesh is heir to is no doubt a splendid one; but it must be taken with caution. Many authorities will dispute the possi- bility of bringing about such a condition, and the means to be employed are certain to be objected to by a great number of people. Our cablegrams inform us that in England during the last year 275,000 certificates were issued for the exemption of children from compulsory vaccination. Dr. Alfred Russell Wallace is one of the malcontents on this question, contending with great warmth that vaccination is absolutely useless as a preventive of smallpox, and saving that it is in the highest degree probable that it has actually increased susceptibility to the disease. He declares, speaking of most of the diseases that afflict us, that "if the whole population of a country lived under thoroughly healthy conditions as regards pure air, pure water, and whole- some food, none of them could ever obtain a footing, and they would die out as completely as the plague and leprosy have died out, though both were once so prevalent in England." The sub- ject is of a rather dangerous controversial nature, and when doctors disagree, who shall decide? It is sufficient for the public that an interesting subject has been raised, and it is certain that the active little microbe will now have less chance than over before of pursuing its mystic ways in quiet, free from the intru- sive thoughts and eyes of a host of watchers. One phrase of Dr. Crich- ton Browne's is worthy of being preserved. He spoke of looking forward to the time when antitoxins would assuredly take their places besides the other "potent and beneficent poisons." The meaning is clear, but words get en- crusted with peculiar meanings, and "beneficent" is not the attribute we are accustomed to associate with poison. The development of the system of wire- less telegraphy is illustrated by the de- termination of the British authorities, as announced in a recent issue, to estab- lish a station on the Goodwin Sands Light- ship, communicating with the Kentish coast. This is not remarkable so much for the space covered by the new enterprise as for the uses to which it may be put in stress of weather. Since that clever young Anglo-Italian, Guglielmo Marconi, carried his system across to England two years ago very ready help has been afforded him. It does not con- cern us much to know whether Marconi, who, by the way, has not yet celebrated his 25th birthday, is an original discoverer or merely a clever organiser of other men's discoveries. He has, at any rate, made wireless or ethereal telegraphy practicable. Under his directions opera- tions have been conducted for a distance of nine miles, with the Bristol Channel inter- vening. Later, he kept in electrical touch with a vessel twelve miles out from land, and we all know how his invention was used to connect the Prince of Wales, travelling about in a royal yacht, with the English shore. In the year just closed regular stations were established, and are now working, between Bournemouth and Alum Bay, 15 miles apart, and between Durlston Castle, near Swanage, and the Isle of Wight installation, 18 miles apart. In comparison with these distances, the seven miles which separate Ramsgate from the lightship on the North Sand Head of the Goodwin Sands—presuming that this is the light- ship referred to in the cable—do not in themselves present much of a difficulty; but it will be interesting to know how far the new system is of use in helping to guard mariners against the dangers of the sea. In process of time, electricians say, there will be no need of wires or cables. A learned scientist avers that a wire a mile and a fifth high would lend power for the transmission of ethereal messages from Ireland across the Atlantic to the United States. After that there will be wireless telegraphy to us over here as well, and the cable companies will find their occupation gone. A cablegram states that it is under- stood in London that Mr Chamber- lain will disallow the ordinance of the Administrator of New Guinea confirming the concession of land in the protectorate to the English syndicate. The history of this transaction is com- paratively now, and it does not re- quire recapitulation. Australians will learn with satisfaction that the Secretary of State for the Colonies has taken this action, which is in accord with the very strong and unanimous representations of Queensland, Victoria, and New South Wales. The original arrangement was entered into in a manner which excited perhaps as much indignation as the nature of the bargain. The Australian colonies which contribute so much of the revenue of the protectorate could not be expected to approve a trans- action concluded without their knowledge, which would have resulted in placing an absentee syndicate in the position of being able at any future time to step in and choose, not in one block, but in many sections, the very pick of the public lands of New Guinea. Admitting all that the Administrator and the syndicate had to say for the necessity of developing the pro- tectorate by men of capital and enterprise, this transaction was objectionable in every feature, for in placing the entire public estate of the colony under a sort of immense volunteer order the Government got no guarantee of imme- diate development Australians have complained that they had no great oppor- tunity of going into New Guinea on conditions that would allow of a return for labour and investments, and they felt indignant to find that what the colonies which finance the protectorate cannot effect distant speculators can achieve. Though the question of confirm- ing or disallowing the bargain has been long in course of discussion, public opinion in Australia has not hesitated or varied in denouncing the transaction. If Mr. Chamberlain takes the action outlined by opinion in London he will check a dispute which might develop into a crisis about New Guinea, for it is certain that if the lands in the protectorate are to be syndicated in London no colony will henceforth pay a shilling towards the civil establishment and government of New Guinea. Accidents from the careless use of fire- arm occur with distressing frequency and the warning that we should expect to be given by the dis- astrous experiences of previous victims seems to have no effect whatever in pre- venting the repetition of similar cases. In a recent issue we recorded two in- stances of a very painful nature that present similar features to many that have gone before. In one instance a man, conversing about gun accidents and the ease with which they happened, proceeded to illustrate his remarks by an example with the result that the charge of powder prematurely exploded, inflicting a nasty wound on his jaw and rendering him unconscious. The other accident re- ported in our telegrams from Victoria is of a sadder nature. At Daylesford, while a party of children were playing in a yard a boy who was practising with a pea rifle at a target, in fun pointed it at a girl aged 15 and pulled the trigger, think- ing it contained no cartridge. It was loaded, however, and the pellet struck the girl in the mouth and passed out through the back of her head, causing injuries from which she is not expected to recover. Such accidents serve to show us to what lengths folly and carelessness will go. In the domain of what at the present day is regarded as dashing farce, if we have given us a charming widow, several suitors, and a room furnished with a num- ber of convenient outlets and a screen or two, we are quite sure that we have all the materials for a surprising amount of adventure. So in the region of foolish accident it would seem that we have only to assemble together in idle humour one or two people, young or old, and supply them with firearms of some description, to bring about a situation that will give us the killing or maiming of one of those present. In many cases the accident is due to overweening confidence in the handling of the weapon, and in others to gross carelessness or the per- petration of stupid jokes by pointing at someone a gun or pistol supposed to be unloaded. From whatever cause they arise such accidents are far too prevalent, and to prevent their frequent recurrence a stronger sense of the responsibility under- taken when using firearms is necessary to be observed. CnAnuuNianr OP TIBS PTJUIIO SEBTICE BOAM -At tho mooting of tho Publie Servies Board hold yestorday Mr G A Wilson was duly elected ohairman of Uto board for the ensuing year, in place of Mr J Barling Mr 'Wilson, was next in rotation for the oQico THE Noam STONEY ScwinAor Oorrui _ Yesterday afternoon n visit of inspection wai mado to the North Sjdnoy sovvorago outfull by tho membors of tho Wator Supply and SOM eragj Board lho outfall is now in proceha of ton» struction by the Works Department Tin LDDY OrtruANAUF -Parliament having re eontly votod the sum of £21500 to supplément Ha funds raiBed to establish au I ddy orphanage, lho committee of railway mon who havo tho matter in hand uro exerting themselves lo take lho necessary steps to give practical effect to the object in viow *.ihen tho fund was started At tho moiling last night it was stated thut with tho Government subsidy tho amouut a\ailabla was £ HI 12 Tia committoo have now tho matter m band ol drawing up draft rulos for tim proposed Lddj orphangc and to report 119 to a suitable site foi tho location of tho establishment Tho whola question will bo dually decided at a general meating shortly to bo held GOLD iv Tiir TPÎIOIIA DISTKICT -With reter euee to tho reported new gold lind in the femur» district, the Under Secretary for Mines is m re« "coipt of a communication from an oiliccr who WM sent specially to tho placo to roport upon it lia Btatcs that the find, whioh is on private lund, u described as a 1 irgo quart/ formation eontaininir ironstone said to carry from 7dwt to in ouuco of gold L or ton Tho prospector, ho wovor, has only been at work for a few dajs, and has sunk a hole Oft dcop The officer who vinited the placo deprecates any rush, oonEidcrmg tho whola matter a. low-grudo proposition, requinug eapilal for its development lho find ia J5 miles ire t from Temora, and one milo north from Mimosa Weit station Tin IMMIGRATION HLSTIUCTION ACT -rr ictice.1 oxponcnco in the administration of the Immigra- tion Restriction Act has shot n the neccMit», /or malting oerUuu i »compilons from its provision« The authorities exereisod their discrétion a few days ago and allowed somo Austrian immigrants to lund, although ino/ could not pass tho educa- tional test roqturod hy the Act A simihr exemp. lion Ins been made in connection with tho trew of tho imesionar} ship .Tohu AVilliams, winch vei'cl arrived in Sjdney on Sunday last Tho law does not applj to crows of vessels winch aro only here temporarily , but in the oase of tho lohn Wil hams tho mon were discharged at tho shipping oQieo, sa that practically their connection with the steamer ceased They thereforo cunio within tho scopo of the Act, and as thoy aro coloured natirci of Cook Islands and Samoa, tho Customs ofluiaU wcro prompt to prevent tho possibility of the men being thrown upon this community Huwovcr, it has transpired that tho London Missionary Society has guaranteed to laho them bick to tho ihltnil« As a mat tel of fact the socict} is com- pelled by tho Menhants ¡shipping Aol, and by its own ship's artillo», to do so It has been further represented that tho crew rcooiv es in the aggregate alont iliOO a year in wagrs, -nost of which is spent ni »sydney m tho puichaso of mer- chandise lmallyit lins been pointed out that the refusal of the Government to allow the men to land would create a bael impiession in the minda of tho untires of the islands gcnerall), as far as white mon and their commerça wero concerned All these considerations may not havo weighed with tho authorities, but as soon ns it was l.nown that tho discharged crow would bo re-engaged and returned to the islands in tho John Williams instructions were given to allow the men to land, although as a strict matter of law thoy aro not entitM to do so Tnr »V M P Sod i TV-rho now biismcsi of the Austnlian Mutu it Providont Society lor tis jen ended December I, 1SQS, wo aro inform»!!, exceeds the imouut of thico and three quartet millions »toiling, a result which shoivs an ad vaneo (n the now business transacted in nil) pre v lons j ear sinco 1S92 It is stated that m each bep trato colony of the Australian group a sub htantial increase over tho business of the pre- ceding )car is shown, und that these increajej amount in (ho aggregate to £000,000 for tho seven colonies Tur Miir Sri AMI its-Tho Oro)n, in tho Orient line, with Iho Lnghsh mail on board to Derembor lu, arrived at Albany at 10 lj pm, and loft at 7 10 n m for Adelaide, whero ¡ho u duo on Monday next, and tho mail» for dclifery boro on "Wednesday Yestorday tho Himalaya arrived in port at 8 o'olook, coming round th« coast at a speed of 11 7 knots Her 1 n?hsli mails nero delivered in 12 davs Upon leaving London every cabin was cither ocoiiniud or bespoke, and the vo)ago of the Himalaja, under Captain V L Broun, R N It , vv is in eveiy wa) a ¡ilcisure trip On Iho outward vojage several notable per sonages joined tho ship Lord Kitchener of Khartoum, who is described us a man standing Oír or Inn over 0ft, " as straight as a lance," was amongst thet-c latter Ho was accompamel b) his A D C , Major Watson, and landed st Aden Hie Duchess of Cleveland voyaged out part of tho way, and the Governor of the Straits ¡settlements, Sir C B Mitchell, carno as f iras Colombo, as also did Colojol IvanGardnei The Duko of Alba booked to Sydno), but loft th« Uiniali)aat Molboumo The Duko is making n first v istt to Aunt-ulm Ho takes a .rest in tero«t in Micliting, and is at prevent tho guest of Lor 1 Brasse), Of thoso who landed hero wen tho Bishop of Bathurst and Mr Tohn Hnnter, Mr C Hancock, and Mr. G Merriman Th« Cnn tdian mail ste intei Miowera, from Vancouver via Honolulu, liji, and Wellington, arrived at 10 o clock ) estordn) morning with 30 passenger! 'Iho steainor hu« acquitted herself well on thfl round vo)iigc, having picked up two daysbv hit steaming Her ilutes aro-Vancouver, Dec-em ber lb Honolulu December JO Suva, Fiji, tho 1th mstnut, anti Wellington the 0th instant The run across from Wellington to Sydney, U39 nautical miles, was accomplished at a speed of 1JJ knots per hour right through Sir.»<i\ Mus-icir-Ar Auurs-fiio important mailers aro to bo eonsidcicd bj committees of tin City Counoil during next weeli, namolj lniproTtd nieass for lho disposal of household garb»!« nuil city refuse, anl the i|iie«tion of illumm itmg Sjdnc} by electricity Re- porta will be placed beforo tho garbage lommittce, which meets on Monda}, astoth) various methods of disposing oi fcaroago and u fuse m other cities, FO that the commit!« may como to a discriminating decision, 'Hie commitleo dealing with the cleotn» lighting question meots on Wednesday lins matter has stood over for mm« tuno to allow cf experience lining gained as to moaudescent lighting It is hold that the corpo ration now Knows all it wants to know on that snbicot, and mii> therefore pro perly como to i decision whether it u advisablo to adopt an eloi trie system Power lu already been obtuncd by Act of Parliament" li_rht the citv by olei tricitv, and tho commitleo hu to recommend, if it favours that form of illumm« turn, that tho council should horro« »P '. £210,000 to próvido tho nccosnrj instnllntionJ 1'ho works lommiltoo meets on Tuesday, t»« financo eommittoo on Ihursday, and tho cy-lawi laws committee on Trida) Tin- AJ-TI-RITUAIISTIO Movmi-»T - Mr "i Gilford Mooro, C 1. , delivered a lccturo)fitcrd»J evening to a «mill audience of Anghoao'i nt Quong Tart's roomB, king »trcct, ra advocacy of ndherenoo to tho Protestant»-T of tho Reformation Ho incidí utallj iiieutionM that m liritam thero was « solid Christian Chorea existing 200 or 300 yoars beforo tho landing j» Augustine, tho emissary from Romo in A D StT Mr Mooro do«cnbos tho steps that were bn»ï now taken in Dugliind to countcraot tho ItitnaUS»1" obsonnnees ,vith which tho Anglican Church cere- monials had hecomo saturated, pointing out tns. thoro was noo 1 lioro for a similar crusade His I«4 turo waa illustrated with a number of magic lan»«T portrait« of tho martyrs of tho Reformation «" roproductions of cartoons now bomg oiroula»<» H» Grent Britain by tho Anti- Rituabstio party M' Mooro said his services woro at the disposal oi any Svdnoy pariah whoso inhabitants though.* correctivo of tho kind might reform tho pmcuca of tho local clorgy PERSONS IN GAOt-rho Minister for Jnshce (Mr Leo) lmsrecoivod a return giving the non bor of persons confinod in tho gaols of JT colony. Tho return shows a deoreoao from tfT in 1807 to 2086 m 1806, being a deere»« of 174 During tie hist four je«« »J gaol population ha« decreased by oin " 29 per cent On December li, 1894, 21 persona out of every 10,000 wcro in gaol On Dco-nbsr 31 1898, 15 porsons out of ovory 10,000 wcro in gaol Thus, whilst tho general popula- tion lins increased by 10 per cent, tho gaol popu- lation has decreased, actually by 15 per cent and relative]) by 11 por cent VITAI ST\TISTIC3 -According to tho statistics of the Ilcgwtrur-Genorn! of New Sonth Wales for tho concluding month of last year, 908 births -101 males and -117 fomnles-woro rogtstorcd in Sydney and suburbs for tho period in question Tho births, whilst being J88 in excess of tho deatliB, fall i G short of tho avorago number cf births for Dei ember lu tho previous five years This is counterbalanced to a. certain extent by the fact that the uumbor of deaths (520) was 20 boloiv tho quinquennial avengo of the month Thirty fivo of tho deaths wero duo to violence, oithor accidental or premeditated Tho deaths of chil- dren under 1 jcn'Bof ago numbered 210, or 17 31 per cent of tho total mortaht), and of that num- ber 1"J wero under tho nge of 1 yoar Tho num- ber of births to cverv 1000 of tho population tvns 2 l8, and of d aths 1 2n THF LATÍ- Mn Br\jAMi\ Monius -On Wed- nesday morning, about fl o'clock, thero passed iway Mr Benjamin Morris (of Morris Brothers, engineers), at lim residence, 21 Westbouroe-street, Petersham The deceased gentleman wies a notable figuro in connection with tho Congrega- tional movement in this colony Ho was a nativo Df l'cmbrol e, £>outh Wales, and soon after his «rival in the colony no took an activo part in churoh movements Tor somo years lie was vice prc-idcnt of tho Congregational Sunday-school ITmun, and for 11 years supennten-ont of the Petersham Congregational Sunday-school Ho « as specially successful amongst children and voting mon, and his de ith at tho agc of 12 years cimo as a blow to many of his friends Ho p-is'cdaway peacefully in sleep A memorial service was held in tho Petersham church Tho I!cv Win Allen, pastor, conducted tho servico, nnd the Rev S Snvngu gavo au jmpressivo ad- dress Tho Rev John Beckenham was also present The funeral cortege was a vory long ono, nud letters of sympathy have been received by Mrs Morris from very many friends Tho »emains wero interred at Rookwood on Thursday Mrs Morris and fivo sons aro left to mourn tho losss of a good husband and fnthei A S.ArTii\a STIILT ACCIDENT-A lady who was walking ulong Pitt streot at midday yester- day had a somewhat exciting experience Sho «as going in u northerly direction, and had got opposite Lawson and Smith's auction rooms, w hen she suddenly dis îppcarcd down n telephone tunnel sh lft, which had beon left open in the footwa) without being sufhciently proteoted Just as tho lady ivas nbout to unwittingly step into the shaft, another pcdcBtnnn, rcnlising the impending danger, called out " Look out, Lady ," but the warning came too Into and sho descend d tho pit AH abo fell hor nrms woro seomingly being draigcd Jby the weicht of her body out of their sockets , but she clung to tho top of the shaft, and in that way it seemed pre- vented herself from falling to tho bed of tho tun- nel Tho occurrence was witnessed by a member of tho " Herald " staff, tv ho rushed to her assistance, and catching hold of one of her hands checked her descent Another gentlemnu caught hold of the otlior band, and a third, having re- moved a small trcsncl whioh. liad boen placed over tho shaft, but in such a w av that it did not act as an cffectivo barrier, tho two first men- tioned hauled hor np Tho lady was sniTormg very much from shock, and as it became evident that signs of dullness woro setting in ßho was taken into a shop until such timo as she might re- cover from her unpleasant experience When she was hauled up out of tho shaft tho lady displa)cd some anxiety about a parasol which had fallen into the pit, but a citizen oxolaimed, " Oh, don't trouble about that, but go to the Govornment for another TiiiE iv A Ciruncn -About 6 30 a m yesler day n Bro took placo at St 1 rancis church, Oxford-street, Paddington, and resulted in con- siderable darcago bomg dono to tho onb that had boon orected for tho Christmas sea- son, in addition to which tho floor of tlio choir gallerj, which is immediately aboio tho crib, Mas singed with tho flames flho bro uegan through a match, with which tho caro tnker of the church wa» lighting tho lamps for tho ctily morning Mass, igniting somo of tho drapery which surrounded tho crib The llames also cundill a quantity of w adding that w aa dis- tributed at tbu bottom of tho crib, and rapidly spread lho garments worn by tho personagos 10 1 resented as being present at tho Sav lour's birth- place, nie complotelv destroyed Tho Rev J b Joyce, O I At (priest in charge ot tho parish), with tho caretaker, lil Michael Duff, and others, rendered as-witunce until tho arrival of tho fire brig ides Although tho figureH w LTO unburnt thoy wero much damaged in tho burned removal from tho scene of tho bro Tho No 9 Division, Wool- lahra Tiro Brigade, in command of station othcer .Tai ksou, together with tho Voluntoer Tiro Bri- gades for Paddington and Waverley, woro present The church is a spacious, handsome building, ant is lusured in tho Australian Mutual Assurance office for ¿2000 Tho Railway Deputment announces that on Sun- day nott, l'.th instant, ita ntlditionul mail tram, tilling nt tho Binio stations us thoso at which tho h 1 ) p tn mail from S>tliioj usually stops, will leave S> iltiev for A\ cms Creek at 0 15 p in , anti that on tins dato the G lu pin ordinary ¡nail from Sydney will not ronvcy passengers to Rt-ttioua between iayd noy uni Werna Creek or for tho North-western lino An opportunity of Mowing some of the lesser known beauties of tho Hawkesbury Uiver will bo i flunk ti excursionista on Mondiy next, lCth instant, nilen trims will leivo Sydney at 1) 5 a m and Mil- son1 a Point at 8 55 . ra for llawkcsbuiy, and the steamer Gfnernl Gordon util proceed up tho river to Windsoi, reaching tlieru in timo to connect with tho 7 27 p ni trim, duo at tb>duey at 0 5 pin On Wudneaday Juuutiry IS, tho trip w ill b» ma lo in tho loverse direction, train leaving Sjduey at 9 25 a m for Vv indsor, und tho steamer will proceed down the river to Hawkesbury pisseuRera taking tho 6 15 p ni train, duo at by duoj at *> 5 p m Mr. C Oliver, Chief Railway Commissioner, returned irom his trip to lnsmnma ye-derday. He fiecmed to be g-°itly benefited by his holidaj Iho Secictoiy for Itailuaya vi-stoiduy received a rogL.tt.rcd letter from Lnglaud enclosing ! 5s An auoujmois coucqoudent said it was " duo fo tho Tt.ilwuy Department " Mr Terns, M T. A ,» has secured a grant of £120 for tho Parramatta District Hospital At a iiioetrnrr of tho committee of the Parramatta District Hospital, ou Weclnesda\ evening, it was de- cided to write to tho members for the town and dis- trict, a«-l mg tin m. to urge on tho Colonial Secrctaij th< dunns of tho hospital to a special grant for building ptnposes U e h ive leceivrd a copy of the first nuinbor of a lieu pul licatioii entitled " Progress " It is issued nu 1er th au"pieesof tho Chi ist i in Social Ution, mid, is tno nunn indu ites, deals almost exclusively with on ti »incitions and uio\omeuU. lu (omiecton with tho Albion Park show tho Hillway Commissioners announce tho issue of hoU di exclusion ticket Í to Albion Park from isvdney, Us ou ra and in termed.« to a ti timm, commencing on 17th in Uni, and b> traína timed to armo at Albion Pirie up to 2 >l pm on 19th inst mt, available foi return uti 2'Jth mstint On laursday, 10th ins -ntl i heap excursion tickets at Jd per nulo (list- el i=a utiiru tmuinuum Is) and Id per milo second cIi"H rtturu (minimum *)d) mil alao be issued to Albion Pulk at S\dnoy und intermediate ptitions by thoo J0 u ni tram from faydnoj, nnd from Nowra and íutei mediato tuitions bj tho 7 0am. tram from ¡Nowra, available for return until -Otu instant Hie pronosal to send 100 mon from the NSW L incers to 1 ondon hua met with htnrtj npprowl bj the Pariumutta Half-Squadron, and alrcaay 2G ot tlieir number have higuiiie 1 then uilluignos«. to go, idtluugli tlio) kuow that traium^ witli tho Imperi I troop-i will bo no hohdij ninur On lhursday evening Captim Cox plated before the ofliccrn and troopers of tho Parrunatta Hdf- hquadroii some fiuthtt details with reference to the piopoaal lhere uould be rerun ed with each group cf four men £30 to go touards tho esponses fund, and, apirt from thin, o ich mau would have to show that ho had 110 for lu» cuu private personal expenses M'Carron. Steuart, and C" , printer and flta ttouers, of Pitt-street, fon.aid a handy oilico calen- dar for the i uri ant j car Mi W W Forwood, of he firm of Forwood, Down, and Co , Limited, and president of the South Australia Chamber of Manufactures, is at present in Sydney He called at the New South Wales Chapter of Manufactures during yesterday, and was introduced by the secretary (Mr George T Clarke) to the president (Mr Ludowici), and the treasurer (Mr D Davis, MLA) Mr Forwood will be taken to the Mountains today lho fllot pi mci pie na applied to public telephones appears to meet with ^t-uor ii fu\ our, nt least the tolophono bureau on this ay ato m 1 atol j established at Mihon'a Point North Sydney, lum pro\td u great Lonvumüiieo to tho-«e using this moans of cominumca tiun lhe post uni telegraph master ut Milson'» X'jint states tho mtuius. t.nice îH inauguration Q few motiilia ugo hi\o hcLU lnghlj sitrnfaclor} lh 3 .minmi meut m g of tho Ko ok wood Tiro Bn^uio w tu hohl on Würinesdfi} evoning, the Mayor (Alduimun Taj) preaidliif. lho ßnuucml fatfitcmont waft of i h itmfactorj natur«, show lug a ( adit halaiiu. of ibrmt X2 > I ho «lliceia v, oro olectod ni follett a -Cnntuiu, 1 C France Ürst houtnirnnt, H J îtircouibu, HLUHH! lieuttuaut J Trout, trc-u-uroi, T bhiultls aucrotarj, It Larcom bo Ruditors, Mo-jsra Burlow and Gnzzard , husteos, J I Ju} and Captain Trunca patron, Mr John Nobb» Ar L A delegate- to Tiro Bngados Asso- ciation Captain Trauco and Tlrst-Lioutonaut Lar- combe Mr F Todhunter, the secretary of tbo Parra- matta Progresa Association, has reccivei a reply I from the Singleton Railway Association, accepting tho invitation to attend a conference at Parramatta on January 20 to arrange on a plan of action with tho «/annus bodies interested lu the proposed Single ton-Parramatta railway." Wo hnvo rocoiTcd copies of the handbook and membership cards of the newly- formed union, which is tho outcome of the recont " Reformation rostival." A meeting of the vVoollahra committee of the Hospital Saturday rund was hold at tho council chambers, Ocoan-streot, on January 12 There wero present Mrs. Baar (president, occupying tho chair), Mesdames Binney, T. Moriarty, and Watson, aliases Dolsoy, Henderson, and I». M. Soul (hon. secrotary) The committee oxnrossed satisfaction at the number of boxes distributed in tho district. 1 ho following have been elected oflicers of tho Institution of Surveyors for the present year -Presi- dent, Mr. J. F. Loxton ; vice-presidents, Messrs. G, H. Kmbbs ana T Loxton ; lion treasurer, Mr. Henry T Halloran ; lion secretary, Mr S. R Robbie , editors of " Tho Surveyor," Hcssrs. G. II Halligan uud L\ ± Furber , business manogor, Mr. It. T. M'Kay; members of the council, Mesara C C Bullock, E. A Bonney, H. Shute, A. T. Schleichet, J. II. Cardew, and L.J. Forster. On Thursday evening lost, after a brief recess, the Pitt-street Congregational Literary and Social Union opened its now session. The subject for the ovening was the reading of the manuscript journal by Miss Lucas The papers wero on »oyable, and evoked animated discussion Miss Lucas, the Rev. E T. Dunstan, Mr Edwards, M.A, Mr. J II Hondrey, and a visitor took part m the discussion. A considerable amount of useful information is contained in a review of the Redfern produce auc- tion trade of last year compiled hy Robert Little and Co.. auctioneers, grain factors, and agricultural seed merchants of Sussex- street, and a copy of which has boon forwarded to us. It is announced elsewhere that the annual meeting of the Bonevolent Society will be hold on Tuosday, the 21th instant, and that tho Governor will preside. An advertisement appears elsewhere with regard to Mr. Brookes's Now Australian School Readers, which will como into mo m all tho schools of tho colony on Monday. The half-yearly meeting of the Bush MiBsionsry Society will bo hold m the Presbyterian Church, Marnck"nllo, next Tuosday evening Addresses will be delivered at tho Y.M.C A. to- night by tho Rev. R. II. Waugh, and on Sunday night by Mr. Fred Wright, the latter taking as his topic, " Fools, Ancient and Modern " The band of the Second Infantry Rogiment will perform in Centennial Park this ufternoon. Tho half-yearly meeting of tho Pnrco Alfred Division Sons and Daughters of Temperance waa hold at Parramatta on Wednesday night, whon tho following ofheors wore elected:-W.P, Sis. A. Cornish , W.A., Bro. E Howill, R S. and T.S., Uro. Harod , treasurer, Bro P. Morgan , C, Bro E. Collett. Bro. Morgan was elected rsprcsontttiro on the Medical Instituto Board. As representatives to the National Division, Bros. Morgan and II ii rod wore elected , and as roproicntlves to tho CD , Bro. E Howell, P. Morgan, and J. Harod The monthly meeting of tho City Nignt licfugo and soup Kitchen, Kont-street, was hell on Thurs- day last. 1'hore »oro present-Messrs H M'Pher soii (chair), J. B. Gibbs (lion, secretary), A. C. Hüivlett (hon. treasurer), Ù. A. Rennn», A. Tönung, D, J. Monk, and J. T. lillock. lho manager re- ported having supplied dunng labt month Hoi meals to mon, 251 to women, nid M to children Shelf«r was afforded to 3US9 men, 150 women, and 32 chil- dren. Suuday moruiug hrcukfiists, J31. Outdoor relief wis also given to 120 families, comprising 1(11) persons. At the monthls meeting of tho trustees of tho Public Library of New South Wales tho fallowing statement was submitted to tho board -For the year 189S boobs wera token out fiom tho Lending Branch clnssitlod as follows Natural philosophy, science, and arts, 10,560-11'J, history, 'JilJ-10 2 , biography, 8210-8 0 , googrnpbv, voyages, and trnvols, 11,010-12»5, jurisprudence, 1S02-1 0 , mental and moral philosophy, 3293 -J 0 . poetry and tho drama, 2000-2 S , fiction, 32,078- »!.(,, gonoral hteraturo, 13,000-tl»l. lotal, Oi.GS'i 100 0 Number of tickets issued, uilS , lotal i»sues to country hhrancs, 2Jl boxes, containing 17,2)3 volumes, lending branch, nunibor of visits, 8J,I3G . reference libraiy, number of visits, 170,87'!, novvs paper-room, number of visits, 102,170 Total for 12 months, 421,185 Mr. Henry Jenkins, of Rydalmere, died at his residence on Friday afternoon, lho deceased gentle- man had been ailing for some time, and latterly re- signed his position as Mayor and aldermau of tho Rydalmoro Council in consequenco of hit, ill-heilth. Edwaid Williams, a butcher, »10 years of ago, was yesterday admittia to the North Shoro Hospital, suffering from a doublo fracture ot tho nght thigh, the result of a fall from his cart. On Thursday a lad named Arthur Bell, who was visiting Manly ivith his relatives, foil from a troo on Fairy Bower, a distance of 10ft. ou to tno rocks bouoath, mid broke both his wmis, besides sns'am nig other injuries Edward Goodacre, 13, rosidiug at St. John's street, Camperdown, w as severely scalded on the face and hands jcaterduj through n pot of glue exploding. He was admitted to l'riuco Aided Hospital Josiuh Venner, paiuter, residing at Aboicrombio placo, fell at Concord yesterday, fracturing his skull. IIo was tAon to Prince Alfred Hospitul. About 5 30 p m. jestcrday No 0 Division, Wool- lahra Tiru Brigade, rcceucd a call to Bcllovuo Hill, where an citeusuo bushfire was raging upon the estate of Sir Daniel Cooper Stitioii-ofhcor Jackson, with tho hoao waggon and four men, was quicklv on tho scene, followed by tho Waverley Volunteer Brigado. About six acres of the bush was found to bo on fire, which was subdued after about au hour and a half's work In the evening tho brigade were again callod out to a fire that had broken out nenr tho scsDO of the former tile 