CAMP OF THE AUSTRALIAN ? » ? A SPLENDID SUCCESS. The local camp of the First Australian Horse just held near Buhgendore has been a marked success from every standpoint. As these camps are held without any cost to Government — the military authorities only being asked to lend tents, b'ankets, and conk ing plant — it follows thit they are only possible if the local residents come forward with offers of rations and forage. So far this has deen done- and at the Bungendore camp Mr P. H. OsWhe, of Curren dooley, supplied not only the whole of the rations for 130 men, but also provided the transport, while Mrs* Osborne to -k so lively and practical an interest in 'I he Horse that thev stood in danger of being killed with kindness. E7ery officer and trooper spoken to expressed a deep sense of grati tude to Mrs. Osborne and the Squire of Currandooley for all they had done to help the regiment, and so make this, the first local camp of the Bungendore» Braid wood, Michelago, and Goulbum districts) the splendid success it was. Many nther gentl. men came forward with offers of forage, ar.d so the Colonel has again had a practical proof that his regiment holds a strong place in the affections of the people, Despite drought and bushfires, the muster was wonderfully good, some of the Araluen rr-en riding 60 miles to be present. As showing the spirit which animates this regiment, many of the Bungendore troops came on Wednesday (the day before thev were under orders to march in) and helped the staff to pitch camp and put down horse-lines for their comrades from Michelago, while on Thursday the Michelago men worked all day doing similar dutv for the Braid wood and Goulburn troops, who came in late that evening. The camp was held under absolute service conditions, officers and men faring practically alike. Colonel Mackay arrived on Thursdav morning, and took over command from his stiff-officer. Lieut, and Adjutant Thompson, a man, by the way, who seems to live only for the success of the regiment. With such an adjutant and an .efficient stiff of instructors, headed by Warrant-Officer Duncan, th? Colonel found everything going like clockwork, and so it continued till the men marched out. The officers in camp, besides the Colonel and Adjutant, were : — Lieutenant Osborne, command ing Bungendore troop, and who, assisted by Quartermaster-Sergeant Dowson, also put in splen did work as Quartermaster ; Lieutenant G. Ryrie, commanding Michelago troop ; Lieutenant M'Kel lar, commanding Braidwood troop ; Lieutenant Wray, commanding Goulburn troop ; Lieutenants W. Ryrie, Lieutenant W. Dowling, from Mudgee; and Lieutenants Clarke and Wills-Allan, from Gunnedah. These three last officers had come hun dreds of miles purely for purpose of instruction On Thursday night the Adjutant gave an officers' lecture, and on Friday the Colonel held his annual inspection, the rest of the day being devoted to polul and u*pful work under the able Adjutant, Lieutenant Thompson. On Friday night another officers' class was held, and on Saturday the inspection by Colonel Mackenzie. A.A.G., took place, field firing, advance guard, and outpost duty tilling in the morning. At mid- day Mrs. Osborne gave a lunch on the ground, among those present being Colonel Mackenzie, A.A.G., Colonel Mackay, and Mr. E. W. O'Sulli van, M P. In the afternoon the march-past move ments took place in presence of a large and repre sentative gathering of spectators. After being inspectpd by Colonel Mackenzie, the regiment, led by Calonel Mackay, marched past at a walk, by squadrons, marched past Dy single hies, then marched past by sections at a canter ; can tered past by squadrons, and then reversing, gal loped past by squadrons, wheeled into line, ad vanced at a gallop, retired, and again wheeling into line, advanced in review order. Squadron leaders and troop leaders now drilled their respective com mands, and then some good work was done by sec tions dismounted and extended, under the Adju tant. The inspection ended with a charge led by Colonel Mackay, and as the line swept past the saluting point, horses extended, swords flashing, and troopers shouting, the crowd of spectators, car ried away with excitement, cheered them to the echo. As a spectacular display the charge was blood-stirring ; as a good bit of work, it fitly ended two days of creditable field work. On Saturday night Mrs Osborne entertained Colonel Mackenzie, Colonel Mackay, the officers, and a large party at dinner at Currandooley. The regimental band was in attendance, and, in passing, it is worthy to note that this excellent band is, like the regiment, purely volunteer. The toasts honoured were' The Queen' and ' Mr. and Mrs, Osborne,' proposed by Col. Mackay. Afterwards a camp fire was held, and rattling songs and recita tions given by officers, troopers, and visitors, the Colonel, in a stirring speech, thanked all ranks for the good work done, making it clear that the regi ment was for defence, not defiance. When he finished he received an ovation, being carried around the camp fire. Lieutenant Osborne and other officers were also chaired, fully showing the splendid feeling that exists between officers and troopers. On Sunday morning the Rev. Father Grace served Mass in a tent, and the Rev. Mr. Scott, Church of England minister, preached to the Pro testant section, the men of each denomination behaving in a every friendly way towards each other. Later on the camp was struck, transport waggons packed, and the troops marched out, each district cheering their commanding officer as they moved off. So ended a camp which gives the lie once for all to those who have said there is no patriotism in Australian bushmen. For these men neither receive nor want one penny of pay, and yet their leader has npver yet made a call on them and failed to get a splendid response. 