A NEVERTOBEFORGOT ten RIDE. BY E R STAI'F [The following incident took place during the nrogicss of a'Duiling Showei ' storm, on a station about sixtj miles north-west of HilUton ] THE night w is long and hoi I kept burning md tobsmg, wishing foi the moining to come, bo that I could get up Yesteiday the theinioino tei legisteied 118' in the shade, and even in the (oolest put of the night it has not sunk lowei than 100° I wish to goodness I could jump out of my flesh, and sit m my boneb, as some gieit authoi said, once upon a bime Oh deal ' moining ablabb ' Too hob to eat Justadnnic of watei and then I'll have to go down, to the big 'piddock to see if tho sheep aie all light Old Bob, the cook, baid ho s iw dog tiacks theie, when he came through yesterday. Let's us soo what it looks like outside. A few clouds about , look like lainy clouds , people fiom Sydney way would be suie it was going to lam , but I know this pait of tho countiy bettei than they do 1 MB EDWARD TEKRY, MLA Ack ' ' Homblo ' ' Tho watei is noarly boiling ; it would make mo bick if I diank it S'poso I must go wibhoub a dunk , only one moie evil to put up with in this houible hole Ibtaitfoi the paddock, the poispnation hanging on my clammy hands and face. I feel stifled Oh, God ' foi a bieath of fiebh an My pool houQ also feels tLo heat But stop ' Liston ' What is that dieadful loanng noise t Ib bounds liko a st impede , bub it can't bo that , It's getting neaiet What can it be ? Ah i ' I know now ? a ' Daihng Showei ' Jusbleokat the yellow clouds ot diibt, mid bee how the tiees aio waving Steidy, Pnnce, old man, tuin youi tail to it (This to my hoiso) Phew ' ' Tho wind neaily I ikes my biualh away Dust ' Dust ' Dust ' lively thing is dusty li-es, ens, noso, mouth, e\e*iy put of mo is full of dust 1 am afiaid I have lo lake my peck of dust all at once. The wind is touible Pnnco tu lib lound, lefubing to faco it See how tho big tiees aie swaying about at eveiy stoimy gust, and deid box and yauun aio falhnp; in all dnections Tho eountiy seems covered with yellow smoke, and tho sky full of dark storm-clouds. But- it is f.lm Dtliiifi Vl liuf rlnot. .^l..ni-. . T ? -1 ? II y»»w uittatu muuv, uUQUj UUOU. ? J- - UUll * lHll Uiy see the trees twenty yardsaway. ; : ' , ??.' Hello! I caii smell fire;; arid: here it comes. A bush-fire. Tiiose vvhoJiavenb't seen :one in tho back-blocks cannot realize iwhiita.terribTe thing, it is., .u;; ,i;- :;?;.?!! — No use going to see. how; Uie'iBheepiare now,: for the fire comesfrom there, and' the pooi biubos aie oharied coipses by this time So the best thing I can do ib to biy and get home. If I stay beie I will get bin nt -o death, for the* Lie is uppioaching at expiesb bpced Alieady 1 feel tho choking binoke 111 my thioat, so heie goes for a race for life. I dig the ' hooks ' into my good hoibe's bides, and he bounds foiwaid amid tho falling timbei, glad to escape the temble enemy behind him. His hoofs hardly seem to touch the giound as he teais along just in fiont of the fiie, with his nostuls dibtended, Ids fieiy temfied eyes, and foam co\eied flanks Bud I am not alone in my flight Kan - gaioos, wallabies, emus, dingoes, ntbbits, snakes, li/aids, and many othei denizens of the bush too numeious to mention, ae company me Giadually the weakest and the blowcbt 1 ig behind, and aie caught and devomed by Ihe gieedy Jltmcs Tho otheis still piess onwaid, sbiannng oveiy mubcle to escape bho common enemy They t ike no notice of me, 01 of one an other ,; fear, for once ; has made them' for- get then common enmity — all foi self Clash! i I find myhclf thiown foiwaid onto my hoise's neck A dead giant of tho foicst his fallen just in flout, and my hoise chopped, almost thiowiug me ovei his head ' Ci l abb ' ' ' just behind Pnnce makes a tombleleip ovei tho tiecmfiont , foi not only has the tiee fugliteried him, bub bhe hie, that gifoit touoi of all ani mals, has almost c night up lo us duiiug oui pause So close h is it come, that 1 feel its flame on my cheek, and can binoll the burnt ban of my buaid and moustache But I am safe igam , and ,is long -u- my hoiso btmds tho btium I bhall be safe. But what if he stumbles, oi a 'limb strikes us I oilei a silent piayei to God foi pip tection, while we dash along thiough bhe clashing timbei, dust, and smoko What a pictuie I must look Hat gone, shut Unti to nbbotib by tho blanches of tiees, luiudb and fueo gnmy and black with peispnation, dust, and smoko Anothei temblo gust(of vvmd coming, and I am in bhe midsb of diy tnnbci Ah ' Just saved myself that time If that limb had stiuck mo I'd ha\e been done foi. I use tho bpuis ' with a vengeance ' now, and pool Punco gallantly lespondb to the call , bub his Ueinblmg limbs and labouied bieath ^show that he ib neaily used up We aio in sight of homo Wo still fly onwaidb Tho dust and wind aio as bad asevci, though the file has been left fai behind ; and ? Whoio am I ? Have I been asleep ' Eveiything seems going lound. I feel a bickoning pmn m my side 'J heio is blood on the giound Eveiything looks led, as if it weio covoied with blood I feel sick Walei '_ Watei/ I ? I—— can't ? *.'?? * .. , * : ' * I('iisbi\ wookb since that temble udo, .md I only found out yesteul.iy how I es caped ' ' It seems I hud got lo within five bundled yaids of tho hut, when a huge limb, about .»b thick at, a nmn'b body, fell and stiuck 1 Piinee on the neck We tame 'down with a temble ciusb, on account pi oui groat speed. Thiee of tho station handb, who hap penod to bo, passing my hut during bho storm, hud taken shelter there, whicluis lucky foi me, foi, if I had been left, I would certainly huva died. I whs insen sible foi eight houis afteiwaids I had thiee nbs and my collu-bone bioken, not to mention minor cuts and bruises about tho head, and you might wondoi how it ib I got well so quielJy Well, it happens thab one of the men, Jim Lovett, had been a doctoi, and hud lost his diploma thiough dunk. He used to bay ' thab ho was bioughb up on tho bottlo and had stuck to ib over since.' Poor Prince is dead. Ho never moved after die limb struck him. It broke his neck. The boys burnt him next day, but they saved me ono of. his hoofs, which I have polished, and will always keep in re membrance of that never-to-bu-for-'otton ride. It; is inferred from the heroism with which Spartan women used to oncouiwe their husbauds to go forth to battle that they looked well in black. FHOM DUNDAS, 0YEKL00KING EKMINGTON AND 1'AKHAilATTA WVEH. 