THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. Half-yearly meeting of the Onkaparinga Dairy Produce Company this afternoon. A. Young Men's Mutual Improvement Society has been formed at Littlehampton. When winding up your clock on Sunday night do not forget to put it on half-an hour. Mr. James Whitfield has been appointed clerk of the Caernamont District Council in success on to Mr. James Brown. The Charleston Races on Saturday, although the arrangements were not so elaborate as at Oakbank, provided a good afternoon's sport. Mr. F. Henstridge, who died at Mount Gambier on Monday morning at the age of 80, was at one time a resident of the South, having lived near Nairne in the fifties. A meeting of ratepayers in the Monarto district will be held in the council- chamber next Friday evening. May 6, for the purpose of making a new assessment. George and Charles Elliott, the perpetra- tors of the Mylor stabbing affray on Easter Monday, were at the Stirling West Police Court on Wednesday committed for trial. The Golden Slope West Mining Company, whose property is situated near Mount Plea- sant, has been wound up owing to the share- holders having refused to pay the calls made. Nearly all the Southern townships partici- pated in the fine rain at the beginning of the week. At Mount Barker a little over half an-inch was registered, the April total being so far 2'29in. The result of the efforts of the Nairne committee of the All Nations' Fair has been the raising of £26 4s. 5d., more than half of which was realized by the bazaar and concert on Friday last. The voting power of the five Southern electorates is as follows :—Mount Barker, 4100; Onkaparinga, 4088; Gumerachs, 4097; Noarlunga, 2689; Encounter Bay, 235; total, 17,329. The last lot of goods sent to Adelaide by the Mount Barker committee of the All Nations' Fair was despatched on Monday, this bringing the value of the local contri butions to £50 10s. The Mount Barker District Council have decided to call tenders for about 40 chains of road construction at the Philcox Hill railway siding, to make the approach for which the Treasurer granted £150 to Mr. Dutims on behalf of the residents in July last. Two bushfires have been burning iu the Encounter Bay district during the past week, but whether they were caused by the heat of the political debates is not yet quite clear. The fiames were confined to the thick honey suckle scrub, so that little damage was done. A good prize-list has been arranged by the Mount Barker Florioultural Society for the chrysanthemum show on Wednesday, May 10, and as there is a likelihood of keen competi tion the exhibition should be most successful. Mr. Allan Baker has disposed of his Terlineu Estate, a fine property of some 2250 acres, situated near Tungkillo, to Mr. S. M. Hoad, of Mannuxn. We understand that it is tlie intention of Mr. Baker to shortly take a holiday trip to England. In consequence of the increased yardings of stock of all kinds at tbeir Mount Barker Market Messrs: John Paltridge A Co. hare found it necessary to commence business an hour earlier, and in future the fortnightly auctions will begin at II o'clock. Every elector who can possibly do so should go to the poll to-morrow and in addition to voting for the return of the district members should express an opinion on the Federal question and on that which seeks to confer greater political privileges on the people. Tenders are being iuvited by the Supply and Tender Board for the leuse of a site for the sale of newspapers at the Murray Bridge Railway-station and, for the delivery of 40 ■tringybark telegraph-poles, the forms of tender in the latter case being obtainable at tbe Hahndorf and Crafers post-offices. Bark-carting has been continued late this season at Biumberg, where Messrs. Pflautn and Co. hare received over 1000 tons, most of which has been ground. A city firm has also purchaseda large quantity, and this has been carted to Ambleside for carriage to Port Adelaide. When leaders of almost every shade of thought—Liberals and Conservatives, Radi cals and Monopolists—are all agreed as to the advantages of Federation to this colouy Southern electors who have not thought out the matter for themselves should not fear to mark their voting-paper " Yes" at to-morrow's polL In notifying in our last issue. Southern scholastic appointmentswe omitted the name of Rossiter Stanford Bluntish, eldest son of M.C. Bluntish, of Clarendon, who has been appointed pupil teacher at the Kangarilla School. Young Bluntish has had a most successful career so far, having passed every examination for which he entered. A man wbo professes to bare a good acquaintance of the South h&B; .made this forecast with regard to the result of the polling in this portion of the province:— Mount Barker—Dumas, Bundle; Onfca paringa-—Caldwell, Griffin; Gumeracha— Playford, Homburg; Encounter Bay— Carpenter, O'Malley; Noarlungo—Blacker, McDonald. A window, which will serve both as memorial to the late Dr. Campbell and will carry out the wish of the deceased gentle- man—that " children who are ill should be surrounded by bright colors and objects which attract the eye"—is to be placed in tbe Convalescent Home at Mount Lofty at a cost of £85. Of this sum £35 has already been collected, and donations in aid of the remainder are being invited. Messrs. Dum&s; and Rundle concluded their election campaign in the Mount Barker district by addressing a largely-attended meeting at Littlehampton on Weduesday evening, while Mr. von Doussa's last adver I tised place of call was Wistow, which ! was visited on Monday night. The Onkspa | ringa quartet, Messrs. Duncan, Caldwell, i Griffin, and Oliver, ^taished up at Stirling I West on Wednesday, on wbioh evening Messrs. Dankel, Hannaford, Homburg, and Playford, the Gumeracha candidates, con- cluded at Hope Valley. —♦— [From Our Own Correspondents.] Forest Range, April 25. The usual fortnightly meeting of the: Literary and Debating Society was beld on ; Saturday evening, when Mr. W. Green : presided over u fair attendance. The program consisted of a mock toast-list, the following being duly honored :—" The Queen and the Governor," proposed' by Mr. H. Greenj " Australia, tbe land we live in," submitted by Mr. A. Brockhoff, Mr. A. , Copeland eulogizing the same after it 'was honored; u The Porest Bange Literary and Debating Society," proposed by Mr. W. Green and acknowledged by Mr. J. Green ; the toast of "The Ladies" fell to Mr. G. Monks, Miss Green responding; while Mr. A Green said several nice things about the Press, coupled with the Mount Barker Courier. The speeches on the whole were verv creditable. —♦— Clarendon, April 25. A flood deal of local interest is taken in the elections. The electors liare had addresses from the three nominated candidates for the Noarluoga district, Messrs. W. J. Blacker, A. McDonald, and T. B. Brooks, and accord ins to present appearances the polling should establish a record. Every encourag ment has been given to the electors by the present Government to place their names on the roll. A change has taken place in the Wesleyan ministry here, the Bev. I. Roottey having been removed to Gawler after three years' residence. Universal regret is expressed by residents of all denominations at the departure of Mr. Boonev and his family. The Bev. George Hall, of Crystal Brook, the new pastor, has received a hearty welcome. The recent rains have improved the appearance of the country, and the indica tions of a good season make the hearts of the people glad. May their hopes be fulfilled ! —♦— East Wellington, April 25. On Wednesday last we had quite a treat in the entertainment given by the Matthews family. Mr. and Mrs. Matthews are the founders of the Maloga Mission, near Echuca, where now about 150 aboriginals are under their guidance. They are on their way to Adelaide, where they propose to stay two or three months, during which time they will hold meetings and by other means try to enlist sympathy for the aboriginies. The entertainment given here was most interesting, the singing being .excellent. There was a good -attendance, and should the Matthews family eaii hare on their return journey they may rely on a crowded house. We hare had some uicje light ehowere, most of the rain falline on Sunday. It was just in time, as the grass wa^ perishing for want of moisture. ! Matters political arcf qniet in consequence of there being do contest for the Assembly seats, the district of Albert being unique in this respect. But it is to be hoped that the electors will not neglect to rote on the Federal referendum and the household suffrage question. —♦— Woodside, April 26. The weather lias changed at last. Sunday was cool and pleasant after the showers of the previous night, but spinfe heavy rain fell rjy on Monday morning and continued during the day. • On Saturday the township was practically deserted, although it was sale-day, the attraction of the Charleston Races proving too strong for the majority, who revelled in the dust and stinkwort on the course, but generally bad a good time—so much so that the various election touts who hare been working rigorously lately did not get a sliow to advocate the merits of men, the horse star being in the ascendant. Election mutters are still very quiet, although the day of casling the votes is at hand, but the general impression appears to be that the contest will be a close one despite the wunt of heat and energy which has hitherto marked events of this description. At the various meetings throughout the district the candidates bare had a fair amount of badgering and questioning, and tbey doubtless wou't regret when the suspense is over, while employers of labor who have machinery will run less risk of temporary stoppages through the ubsorption of the engine-driver in matters political, with a consequent shortage of steam. In St. Marfe'i Church on Wednesday still another marriage wab celebrated, Mr. Formby being joined in the holy bonds to Miss Smiley. —♦— Mannum, April 20. At the invitation of the Mannum Quadrille Class a number of ladies and gentlemen | assembled in*the institute on Tuesday even ing, the occasion being a farewell social in honor of Mr. F. C. Bock, who after a resi- j dence of eight years is leaving Manoum to reside in Daudenong, Victoria. During the evening Miss Schuetze and Messrs. T. L. Shearer and Wilkscb (2) rendered vocal and instrumental items. After supper Mr. K. E. i W. May, on behalf of those present, spoke of the many good qualities of the guest of the evening and of his popularity, as was evi denced by the large number present to do him honor. Mr. G-. E. Baseby referred to the work Mr. Bock had done in connection with friendly societies and aportiug clubs in the township and wished him prosperity in hie new home. Mr. Bock feelingly replied. Dancing was indulged in till a late hour, and the proceedings terminated with the singing of " Auld Lang Syne." —♦— Strathalbyn, April 27. The eleotion is now the lending topic. In our own district it is generally believed that the straggle will be for second place, for the majority of electors do not doubt but that our old member will be where he ought to be —at the head of the poll. Old Strathalbynites will scarcely wonder on hearing that Mr. S. Westley, sen., has passed away. The deceased gentleman, one of the early pioneers, was widely known and respected. He attained the advanced age of 87 and up till quite recently enjoyed fairly good health. His remains were in- terred in the local cemetery on Saturday afternoon. On Saturday evening addresses were de- livered in tiie institute by Mr. and Mrs. Matthews and family and Miss Cartwright, of the Maloga Mission Station in New South Wales. The audience was fairly largo. A collision between two traps occurred at Belvidere on Saturday, happily without any very serious consequences, Miss Rhind was driving her mother, father, and sister when the horse shied and ran into a vehicle driven by Mr. Ansell. The occupant* of both traps were thrown ou to the road, Mrs. Rhind being rendered unconscious. She, however, soon rallied, and with the exception of a few bruises is not much the worse. for the accident. Of course the trap and harness were considerably damaged, Mr. Rhind's Our Polo Club had a thoroughly enjoyable trip to Adelaide lust week, notwithstanding that they won only one of their matches. Mr. Harry Smith was so badly injured in the match on Saturday that the doctor ordered him to his hotel, but the apparent injury has proved to be less serious than was at first feared. Their Adelaide experience will prove of great advantage to the local players, with whom perhaps victory will rtfst wheu the city men meet them at Strathalbyn. The Orient Steam Navigation Company made a profit of £45,047 during the year recently ended. When the 60-ton refrigerator which the Government are erecting at the Produce Depot ie fixed the-Port. Adelaide establish ment will be able to treat 9000 lambs weekly imd manufacture 12 tone of ire per day. This means that if the machinery is kept j going regularly during the export season of three months 100,000 carcases trill be dealt with. If the meeting at Newcastle on Satarday night under the auspices of the Anti- Con vention Bill Iieague can be taken as an indi cation of the feeling in New South Wales supporters of Federation need have no fear as to the result of the referendum to be taken some weeks hence. Only four persons put io an appearance, and the meeting had to be abandoned. A Journalistic Anomaly.—In dull Beasons, when nothing is happening and copy is scarce, the journalist who goes out of his way to earn a whipping may be commended, but at a time when murders, suicides, and diroroes are plentiful and the Federal question still unsettled it iB surprising that the Armidale (N.S.W.) Chronicle of a recent date should have wasted all these head lines 