NAIBNE POLICE COURT. Kbiday, Januaby 27, [Before Messrs. D. Chapman and J. "W King, Je.P.] A BREACH OF THE BUBHFIBB9 ACT.' John Simpson was oliarged with a broach of (.he Buabfires Act, but did not put in an appearance. The evidence was taken, and s fine of £2, with costs (£1 Is. in all),. was in flicted. Tuesday, January SI. [Before Mr. J. W. King, J.jPj , WINE AND WOEDB. Santa Singh, an Assyrian, was charged witli drunkenness at Nairne on the 'previous night and with using indecent language. Fined 10s. on the first offence and-15»., .with costs, on the second charge (£2 7a. in ail). The money was, paid. Mr. Jclm Morley will receive £10,000 foe" writing the life of Gladstone. The Princess of Bulgaria has died in child birth at the age of 29 years. Lord Tennyson, eldest son of the late Poet Laureate, is the new Governor of South Australia. The trouble in Samoa is not yet at an end, and it is feared that serious international complications will ensue. The South Australian 3 per cent, loan of £1,500,000 was a success, the total amonnt offered being £2,378,250 at 7s. lOd. above the minimum of £9110s. An effort is being made to secure the release of Andrew Drummond, who early in 1897 was sentenced to 10 years' hard labor for the murder of John King at Port Adelaide, a petition now being largely signed. The Due d'Orleane, who ia ao aspirant for - the throne of France, ia eagerly watching the present unsettled condition of affairs, with the view of taking, advantage of the first opportunity of coming forward as the rightful ruler of the country. Dr. O. A. Berry, the noted Congregational minister of Wolverhampton (Eng.), died from heart disease while conducting a funeral on Tuesday. He was offering prayer at the graveside when he suddenly' stumbled and fell dead. His age was 47 years. Another disastrous fire occurred at Kal goorlie on Monday morning, an hotel, four shops, and a number of offices being destroyed. The same block of buildings was burned down last year, and the fire is believed to have been oauscd by an incendiary. The damage is estimated at £4000. A shocking bathing fatality occurred at Newcastle (N.S.W.) on Sunday, two girls (Boss Suttcliffe and Ida Burrston, both aged i 14) being carried out to sea by the backwash I of a' breaker and drowned, the body of the former being afterward seen by the crowd on the beach in the jaws of a large Bhark. j Hayes's flourinill at Albury was the scene of a frightful boiler explosion on Monday. ! Another boiler weighing many tons was I blown on to a houBe 30 yards away, crushing througli the roof and killing a boy, Frank New. while several other persons were badly scalded by steam and cut and bruised by the flying debris. The big Murrumbidgee irrigation scheme is being revived by the New South Wales Minister of Works. The hnge works are estimated to cost £650,000, involving air annual interest of £27,250, and the revenue expected is £32,000. If carried out. the scheme shouid prove of great benefit to * large tract of country besides being a payable work. 