South Grafton Council. The usual meeting of the Couucil was held on Wednesday. Tho Mayor oooapied the chair, aud all the aldermen were present. Correspondence inoladed two formal docu- ments from the Government. The Finance Committee reported having paid £22 Is 9d, and submitted accounts totalling £2 15s 3d. The receipts siuee last meeting totalled £59 18s 7d, including £57 3s 9d rates, reut recreation reserve £2 10s. Tho credit balance less outstanding acoouuts totalled £81 8s. The Mayor reported reooipt of the by-laws whioh were laid on tho table, and that the lease of tho reoreatiou reserve had been signed. Aid. Morrissey preferred a request regarding the condition of Skinner-street bridge, but it transpired that beyond a formal acknowledg ment of the Council's letter no reply had been received. Under the Order of tho Day, the Mayor referred to the necessity of appointing valuators. Ho considered the Council could not do better than follow in tho footsteps of the Grafton Council and appoint the Council Clerk as one of the valuators. It was a wise stop to take, because the Council Clerk had a better idea than most others of tho volue of properties, for very often other valuators simply made a copy of previous' assessments. The suggestion was approved of by the aldermen, and eventually Aid. Kearney moved that tho fee for valuation be fixed at £7, and the Council Clerk appoint his own assistant, and remunerate him oat of that amount, the name of the assistant to be approved of. Seconded by Aid, Morrissey and carried. Mr. Sare was uomiuated as assistant and accepted. Aid. Hawthorne moved " That this Connoil accord to Aid. M'Kittriok a hearty .vole of thanks for tho manner in whioh ho had carried out the duties of Mayor during tho past year, and the same bo placed on tho records of the Councjl," Ho had very great pleasure in sub mitting tho motion for tho consideration of tho aldermen, for he felt sure they would endorse it. On behalf of tho Works Committee ho ten dered the' Mnyor their speoial thanks for tho assistance he had given them during tho year. In tho opinion of the ratepayers and the Counoil the Mayor had carried out tho duties to their entire satisfaction. Aid. Morrissey seconded the motion, which was supported by all the aldermen, each testify ing to the ability bIiowu by the Mayor in the conduct of the affairs of the municipality and the uniform courtesy and kiudness with which he had invariably treated Ms colleagues. Iu their opinion a groat deal of tho harmony which had prevailed at Council meetings was duo to the Mayor's taot. Tho Mayor assured tho Counoil that ho had not anticipated any such motion being tabled by Aid. Hawthorne. He tally appreciated it, more espeoially as it was moved by Aid. Hawthorne, whom they knew had represented the South Ward in the Borough of Grafton for many years, besides filling the position of Mayor. So that a motion of tills nature coming from Aid, Hawthorne showed vory clearly that his con duct had met with tho goodwill of his fellow-aldormeu, Tho aldormen had always behaved themselves in a very gentlemanly manner indeed, and had been guided by a desire to serve tho ratepayers to the host of their ability. When he took office I10 know, thero would ho a certain amount of work to do, par ticularly in the first year, when they were an untried lot so far as the general oonduot of matters was oouoerncd. For some time there was more work than he anticipated, but the Couucil Clerk had now become conversant with his duties and took an interest in tho work, and when they had a Council Clerk sneh as Mr Smith the Mayor's duties became very light. They would sec by the Finance Committoe's report that the hank balance now stood at £81 83 2d. -They would have to receive before the end of the Munioipal year £75 from tho Graflon Council, £5 rent of tho Park, Government sub sidy £20, licenses £3 10s, and he anticipated £40 in rateB, making a total income pf £22j up to the end of tho Municipal year. As regards the expenditure the Armidale road contract would absorb £115, Avery's bridge contract £86 2s 6d, salaries &c.; £20, or a total of £221, thus leaving a credit balanoo for their successors. Ho hoped to got an intimation that a special grant had been made to the recreation reserve. They had spent £30 of general ' rates in clearing tho prickly pear, and if the grant were inado this amount would be repaid. Last half-year their balanoe was Gd, and during tho year they had got as low as 3d, but ho was thankful to say thoy had been able to oarry on the works with out getting into debt. Tho income was severely taxed by tho work during tho past year, but iiBXt year with tho oomplotion of tho Armidalo road contract and some street formation, tho Counoil would havo nothing heavy to moot. Ho , hoped, in fact ho felt sure, they would got along swimmingly. He had endeavoured to do his best as Mayor ; he had beon fairly firm, and so far as ho knew had given no offence to anybody. He again thanked thepi for the vote of thanks, The Counoil adjourned uutil February 1, Bush Fires. — As a result of Tnesdny's intense heat a number of bush-fireB were started in many parts of the distriot. At Corinda an extensive fire burned down the residenoe of a miner, together with all Mb possessions. Be yond this and tho destruction of a quantity of grass no damage is reported. A few days ago, during a whirlwind a thistle thorn becama embedded in the eyo of a youiig lad named ICiernan at Cumnock, causing bho I blood to flow freely down his face. The sufferer was couveyed to the Molcng Hospital, where au 15 operation was performed, but it Is thought the ! lad will lose the sight of the iojured eye 1\ Starving Stock in New England. — It is g reported that thousands of starving stock from g the drought-stricken western distriot are moving B t«uuu, cuuuig utuc tiiiu ruauB, reserves as thongh the coantry- E side had been visited by a plague of loousts. E In Bomo instances the stock are simply moving E along, the owners having driven them to these B parts on tho off- ohanoe of procuring grazing land fl for them, but on arrival here found that all the B available land had been taken up, consequently )| they are between two stools, and are threatened ff by the law on the ono hand and by the starva- kl tion of their stock on the other. Many settlers in New England, whose properties are E bounded by Crown lauds, are simply hemmed fl in by tho starving stock, as there is scarcely any E availablo land but what has recently been taken fl np for graving purposess and is beipg put to tho I vory best possible use in that direction. The I effect of suoh an influx of stock to ,the distriot 1 at this critical period cannot but be severely felt' ; during the coming winter, aud we very much . fear that unless an early fall of rain takes place to give the feed. a start before tho frosts set in, large numbers of the sceep and oattle sent hero will be merely sent hero to die of starvation during the winter months. — Armidale Exprits. "At a mcoting of the City Band Committee hold on Tuesday evening, it was deoided to hold the aqnunl mpcting in the Council Chambers, on February st, A man named Druce vas arrested at Wood burn this week on an alleged oharge of. em bezzling a sum of money on a baillee, while at the Bellinger. He was lodged in the Grafton lock- up, waiting transmission to tho Bellinger. The Matron and one of the Nurses of 'the Lismoro hospital has resigned, Mr. T. Mellmish lies been appointpd Vptcr- innry Inspector of Dairies for the Lismore- Tweed district. His head quartets will bo qt Lismore, Tiie Syduey Cricket Association refused all the applications for Metropolitan teams to visit tho country districts at Eastar. | Mr. J. Zietsoh, caretaker of Elizabeth Jsjaqd, reoeivod a sunstroke on Wednesday when I working in the field near the Factory, Dr. I Henry was immediately sent for and applied the | usual remedies, and Mr. Zietsoh is now out of danger. At a meeting of tho Burns' Committee of the Caledonian Society the tender of E. Howard was accepted for catering for the supper on Burns' Night (Wednesday next). Durino tho progress of his sermon in St, L Peter's Cathedral Armidale, last Sunday even- ing, tho Ven. Arohdeecon Rosa had a very narrow escape of being burnt. Owing to an ' escape of gas a flame suddenly burst out olose to tho Archdeacon's shoulder, who promptly left the pulpit, when Mr. Herbert Weaver smother ed the outburst with a cushion, and thus pre- vented further damage. We have been shown the plans for the im provement pf Mr,. Etnert'e ejjop and res|deripp in Prince-strcot. The plane provide for the addition of a second floor, with four large rooms, and a spacious balcony. The Government has appointed Mr. Jacob Garrard, ex-Minister for lSduoatien, to succeed the late Colonel Rowo as president of the Water and Spwerage Board, Tho salary attached to the position is £fi00 a year, . Sensatiox follows upon sensation at Gatton, For the past day or two a man, wearing wild, unkempt long hair, of fierce aspect, ana armed with a long knifo, supposed to bo a lunatio- has. been traversing the distriot threatening. to kill somebody. The tbornomotor at Bishop Doyle's residonoe, Lismore, registered 99 degrees on Tuesday, the rooord for 18 years. Tho Archdcaoon of Grafton laid the founda tion stone of aChurch.at Woolgoolga on Monday. In the oourse of an address fo tho residents of Bellinger Heads last week, .Bishop Green said they had " a terror of a climate." He about hit the nail on tho head. Kempsoy's rainfall last year was 56 inches. 'i Ignorance is bliss." — Last Tuesday forenoon tho weather was warm, even uncomfortably hot) bat it was not uutil after the mid- day moal, - when it bccamo gonerally known that the ther mometer at tho Telegraph office pd registered 109.1' not a few pcoplo discovered it was too hot to work. Gatton is practically alive with visitors. Crowds aro_ still visiting tho scene of' the tragedy. It is estimated that since Boxing- Day over ono thousand havo gone thoro. Many oomo considerable distances to etudy- the I mystery, offering suggestions whioh possibly are of some use to the police. A reoent visitor asked tho Police Commissioner if he thought one man could havo committed tho crime, to whioh tho Commissioner replied, " Yes, I'do."'' Definite news of Burgess's supposed mate wag only received' on Sunday, and naturally every effort is being made to find tho man. The police arc snnguino of- being able to trace bun. Whan his connection witli Burgess has beep cleared up, tho latter will ho, afforded an oppor tunity of nocoii'uting for his movements between Brisbane aqd Darra, . , 