MONDAY'S BUSH FIRE. A MAN BURNED TO DEATH. For several years past an eccentric man med James Connor resided in a bark hut in r Argyle's bush paddock, on the back road Black Hill. That paddock was tbe Ecene a bush fire on Monday last, and since then lonnor had not been seen. Fearing that innor had lost his life in the fire his mate, Barry, on Wednesday evening reported to Sergeant Bed that the man was missing. On "hursday Constables Tennant and Scarce made in unsuccessf ul search through the bush. Yesirday morning Constable Tennant resumed he search, but the discovery anticipated was cciden tally made by Mrf-Mary Qainn, about o'clock in the afternoon, while engaged •illi her son in gathering firewood. Mrs uinn at once recognised the remains as bose of Connor, of whose disappearance she ad heard only half an hour before. She :nt her son into Kyneton with information ir tbe police, and Constables Kelleher and Icarce went out. In the meantime Constable nnant in his search had reached the q>ot here the body lay. The last person who saw Connor alive was >bert Biggs, a woodcarter, who lived in a it about 100 yards from Connor's. About SO on Monday last Higgs found Connor reoving his effects to a gully close .by, and :ing the rapid approach of the fire' invited m toput them into his (Higgs') dray, but jnnor advised him togo and look after his m things. Higgs recommended him to ear out, and then left. Connor was not ifterwards seen alive. The corpse presented a horrible spectacle. Hie whole of the clothing had been consumed cept the shirt and the back portions of the boots. Every hair had been burnt off head, face, body, and legs; the greater portion of both thighs had been consumed; and a large hole was burnt in bis left side, revealing the internal organs. Every opening in the body was filledwith flies and maggots. Constable Scarce knew Connor well, but was not able to identify the remains; but Mrs Quinn was positive that they were those of Connor. The body lay on its back, with tbe arms extended upwards and forwards. It was found within two or three chains of the debris of the fant. A short distance from his feet were found a pairoi spectacles and a pocket knife; about 1ft away on the right four sovereigns were discovered. The coins woe discolored by the heat, hot the {glasses of the spectacles were not cracked. The deceased lived by himself once the death of his brother some months ago. Another brother is believed to be roaming about the colony; a sister is in domestic service with a Mrs Davis, of Bourke street, Melbourne. The remains of the unfortunate man woe coffined by Mr Bromley, undertaker, and re^ moved to the View Point Hotel, where Mr Blencowe, J.P., held a magisterial enquiry last evening. A finding was recorded that, deceased met his death by burning in the bushfire on Monday last. 