Pbopessob Morris was elected president Melbourne Shakespeare Society on Friday In the absence of Dr. J. E. Nield, than wh better or more critical man may ever fill theT1.'1 wiser selection than that of Professor Mnrri. 11 not be made. tla W«H Tattebsall owes much-in fact everythin » - yst has his fealtv^I tendered for years solely to the owners -» . 1 the A ustralian public ; and Through the information supplied by him un'!? cipled owners have been fleecing sweep 'in,B7 shamelessly, until the scandal has become an !!! that the sporting public refuses any longer to^ * * # THE public will learn with undisguised nl«, that Mr. Edgar Waite, Zo&logist; of the Aust,? Museum, Sydney, has identified the sea mon-f found at Suwarrow Island a few days ago. Hn?. identified the stranger as a Zithoid. Pubiio eato ment may be reasonably expected to calm do! now that all uncertainty as to its parenta°e 1 been satisfactorily settled! " 1 THE people of Campbell's Creek, up Gastlemab way, came into a slice of luck a few days t> While the Dredging Company were intent , enriching the shareholders through the mediumoit of the precious metal, they unearthed a block j soap weighing more than a quarter of a ton. Tli lucky find comes, however, at a rather inoppotlj season for local ablutions, as the creeks are genent all dry. BISHOP Stretch has, upon mature deliberation, length decided not to put aside the mitre for all U manifold advantages which the incumbency ol John's Church, Melbourne, bestows. The board nomination, will have to look round once more fa suitable incumbent. It would be expedient to hi the written consent beforehand of any future bist they may be ambitious of nominating. It mi time and disappointment. * AT last Tuesday's meeting of the Wealeyanft ference the Rev. W. T. Stansford notified that I would move the Conference's approval of theCzjf proposals, and further, that the resolulici when carried, be forwarded to His Imperial Majs> of All the Russias. This is a step in tho rightdit tion. And who will deny that the great, unbend ruler-the most despotio monarch known to modi civilation-has not earned, honestly earned, gratifying mark of approval from the Weslej Conference. The success of the Czir'a prop* looks more promising to-day than it did on Monday morning ! . " * MRS Kirk, secretary of the Women's Chri.'l Temperance Union, writes to the Habitual Dm kards' Board recommending that leotures should given to school children illustrating tho tenil havoc of alcohol upon the system. If those lectifi are to bo illustrative Mrs Kirk's suggestion isot half complete. She should produce a aubjnoton platform-" Scotty the Wrinkler," for exampl upon whom the searching light of the X-rays sbo be thrown for the amusement and instruction oftl little ones. Then we might expect an instalment least of the great reformation for which Women's Christian Temperancc Union have km gered so long and fiuitlessly. * * * DISCIPLINE! at the Leongatha Labour Colony» becoming somewhat relaxed. The manage*, * William Squire. haB beon twioe suspended by It honorary superintendent, Colonel Goldstein, promptly reinstated by the board, of trustoes on er. occasion. The institution conducted on auoli pro ciples can possess few of the elements of sfcaM,1 If Colonel Goldstein is not sustained in his a®1 and the manager dismissed, then tho cifloo of intendent should be vacated with as littlo 1"""' possible. No institution can retain its on; usefulness in the absence of all disoiplino * * # i THE balance-sheet which was submitted t® j| ordinary general meeting of shareholders in M' gomerie's Brewery Company Limited, eontaino" . equivooal item which gave ? more aauiaouiont t satisfaction to the meeting. This was fin ASSB .£1438 16s. lid., representing an old well 8i>p ; brewery water. It was described by the ow'' ' with innocent unoonsoiousness, asi a liquw ' "Very liquid, indeed," observed a sorrowing' ' holder. Its true value it was impossible to unlesB the Company weiit into liquidation. Sir. Charles Hoi led Smith, who is awW °M|! weeks' hoUH'iy, bus hr>on rennllod by the ',.®ft?i |j department ia connection with houio uri lorstanding boaring np'n .militn'\V P ^ dmintjhi-i ulisence. This auiiunnry wny" ^ ing his holiday t.y an bio would, no ^ hnve proved vury tinLcyln^ to J**1®. . ^ i military oonfimaudant It not tim ^ fortunately away in an, obaouro cornoi v Zealand, where postal an^ .railway pomu)Un ? -?=- , an that the Ministerial command a sorfi 1 5S'd until two or three -days ajter the canirt be fnlflUe inal leave ! The general born expiration ^ ^ ^ be a nndor saoh a pr p Vicfcor;a in tirae Gf war. If he l0S' rbe' pBrmanent military fixture with us our WSi63 would think twice before declaring war. ."ii_ Vjia brother patriots of the New t Tcriglative Assembly something about South Wal°S L^ieiative icat^d ^ ^ the future ;"a.^sFJdetal Enabling Bill. He hints, enthusiasm i languag^ thab an. overwhelming ,n °° i-t nf them owing to a redaction m numbers ^°'ltl lLes will be necessarily constrained to a < delusion and obscurity of private life,.after seek the sec mpijahe(i. The loss of £300 a year ffsSs matter to the highest type of modern "ft riot and the man to whom it is gi ve a to bear the KStion with equanimity has not yet arisen, to Sad bis Phenomenal lustre over a degenerate age and race. # ? ; fjo W. Maloney, M.P , has abetter opinion of the iriM-mian Parliament in the abstract than of limbers in their individual capacity. This is what Sn told to a mass meeting of the unemployed on Mnndav ." Parliament is a splendid place to enjoy imeself-any amount of luxuries throughout the ,,e33ion, with an ever- increasing pile of bills to nego tiate at the end of it." That ending takes the gilt ftff the ginger-bread! Why should members of Parliament be asked to pay for what they consume iri the refreshment bars P Talking of politicians the representative of West Melbourne advised his audience not to trust politicians-" they speak fair t6 your face and wink at you when your back is 'turned." # # ;The New South Wales banks are becoming u :> * |«rse-proud that they have decided to charge all 'tbeir current account customers a fee of 10a. per annum for taking charge of their spare cash. If i, your account be a thousand or ten thousand pounds .in credit it comes to the same thing-you will have to pay the expenses of accommodating you with a fpsgo in the ledger and cashing your cheques. How timea are changed! It is not so long ago since some "financial institutions were prepared to give you a "consideration" for your floating balance. . As the change is an indication of batter timea in the bank ing world few will be disposed to quarrel with the . circumstances that have brought this new order of things into existence, whatever their feelings towards , tVo ByBtem itself may be. t v,t * * m ?','ATIIB Lenten pastoral letter of Bishop Crane of fiendigo dwells somewhat exhaustively upon the ^education of the youngl' In this connection Bishop Crano iB severe upon those novelists who by their xhbold and novel theories" create the latest sensation iVln many instances," the pastoral proceeds to say, " these works were written by men of ability, -phose one idea was to corrupt the hearts of their S»vteadera, to undermine faith and destroy piety and demotion." If this be a true indictment no language '-'If too severe, no strictures, however strong, unmerited, exP09ure .and condemnation undeserved. What b® more horrible to conceive than that of " men ajM ability" setting themselves to write a book with "wSt S0'6 PurPos®» the " one idea" of corrupting the l^ajearts of their unknown readers 1 It ia hard to |^'90nceive anything so base of even the very vilest of tl>onr owing brothers. S'atrt) <irnYDNEY ^as a^ realized the bard's desire lci see ourselves as ithers see us," and the oity of solid commerce and narrow streets has at last k\,9eoiaea upon dispensing with the old unsightly, I Kfimy> juggernaut tram that puffed and screamed £* 'ii? Wn^ ^.kr°ugh the very heart of the town. The 80rvice *3 to be run by electricity, probably in r<»°nc° the experimental line from Waverley [?'f<W?n i ?n" 1'ho average Sydney dude will hereafter \sin d° P0ao° when he realises that the t' ? "a huge oinder alighting on his immacu completely vanished; and the iP??er"*amiliaB n°t insist on the door j'filimt'(. y shut " as the smoke is so trouble 459T0 to the oyes." ^^Ite, ,W^° has lately identified himself j0ai!? ye(* Movement in Melbourne, is irtorf arS the vaunted advantages of oon ><.. ,. °tiOQ. He g0n<. jn ^is reSignafc(0Tl last week. wvnrtr. «0ai?ne would puzzle a Philadelphia wiJO wiHi °x^ain' _He was just one of a meeting of IfaHnnd "?. ®xoo,*tive authority whatever-this he «d0si"n " more. It pleased him, however, to Swis he ki-n?0! Be j *"s w«tten resignation. In dv^mm of dn. ^e opportunity thus afforded > 'tpe unaoWf^iK V0?f k*9 feelings may bo the key to ?Mould lntJ,?r0b}eva ^"t > resignation-thab he 'j^yiJhia '< -.nrii"Mle£!' "poiaplan of " iudivldual revolt." liafc dot n U' re70lb" ia «ood' Supremely good j and fi10 1Viaa t^roaten any way P Id there a "eK'tnlS. whot""'le ^1 ^ 'J ?ootfcy fcho Wrinlcler," is a hnin" fuhH°,r fftlse -qu^k, He has failed. tfl hia*u rot-In i10 or'«<3inl test, to vindi cWiry Boanina before the Habitual Drunkards y oiwa on last Wednesday week, Hofcoldthem, or rather vaguely conveyed the impression, of won derful and varied experience. Most marvellous of all he could sober up at will without giving notice of motion of his intention. When seized, however, by the Fitzroy police on Saturday night and ignomini >usly "jugged," he was as drunk as an ordinary, vulgar boozer. He had time on the way to the lockup to put his vaunted theory into practice, but he failed egregiously. The extravagant hopes of temperance apostles are tbus dissipated in the initial stage of their iudulgence. The sobering up element was the one hopeful plank to which the re former clung with all the pertinacity of a limpet. That plank has now floated out to sea beyond the reach of the submerged drunkard. * . * AT the last meeting of the Women's Hospital, the real original thing-a post- office order for 13a. was received from the teacher of the Ginnar State School. This of itself possessed no element of the marvellous. . '.-Accompanying the enclosure, how ever, was arlettdr,stating that the money had been collected/"fo^ another, charitable institution" of which ^tije'-writer \could not find the address. History,"is si 1 e.rj't;,,upon .the arduous efforts made by the committee'i;C>;find out that other kindred insti tution, Arid\to rejturn j the money to those legiti mately entitled tcy receivb it. The lex ialionia was scrupulously ^epfoi-cedt on this occasion. And yet only a few days'agdso'me bitter reflections were cast upon the integrity'of the collectors of the other women's hospital for indefiniteness in naming the institution they represented. We never know our weakness until we are tempted-strongly tempted with a post-office order for thirteen shillings. * * * ... ?. . i - - . SIB Robert Bell, a shining light in the scienoe of astronomy, has lately given to the world some in teresting food for reflection. The end of the world, according to this eminent authority, will not come in the shape of a huge bushfire, roaring in its in satiate fury, with noise more appalling than the dread conception of annihilation itself. Ib will ap proach with gentle step, though firm of resolution, in the form of a gigantic rent in the earth's surface at the bottom of the ocean, when the waters will suddenly disappear into the terrible chasm con veniently prepared by considerate Nature for their reception. The mountains will then topple over and all the earth follow in the general engulphment. It is satisfactory to know this beforehand, as it gives us an opportunity of making our little preparations .for the excursion. Sir Robert Boll has forgotten, however, to tell us where the whole of this huge dehris is to find a lodgment. But that is matter of detail into which he probably thinks we have no in terest to make inquiries. And he is right..perhaps, in the main. We have done oar duty, however, in warning the public. PHIL Moubray, who sports a name suggestive of art, may be anything-from a theatrical star to a sporting reporter. He asks to be examined by the Inebriates' Board* and writes to the chairman (Mr. E, L, Zox) suggesting the expediency of having the testimony of an expert-a real downright, hardened, oxperienced boozer. Such an one is he, Phil Moubray, commonly known as " Scotty the Wrinkler." Mr. Moubray is a man to be admired. He has, at least, the courage of his opinions, and does not care a dump who knows it. No reserve here; no false delicacy; no putting-on of appear ances by announcing beforehand that he purposes to travel-incognito. He announces frankly and in ad vance. who and what he is. Suspicion is rife as to the personalty of " Scotty the Wrinkler/' He says ip his letter to Mr. Zox:-" I have had a world-wide experience "-(he means, of course, in boozing)-and adds, "I, possess the knack of sobering at will," This rare and wonderful characteristic of being able to sober up at; will, should surely locate the man, few artists possessing the marvellous characteristic. When Mr, Moubray, Ijowever, hears that there is not a rap at the disposabof the board for the entertain ment of witnesses; "he may elect to withdraw his application, Boysie in the Bush, by 33, Franklin Tregasbis, is a small book o£ purely colonial manufacture which has gone through. the oruoible of a Gippsland laboratory and a Ballarat printing press before reaching us. Though manufactured in Gippsland, Ballarat is "responsible for its nativity, and Ballarat has much to answer for. A poorer flight into the regions of fiction has probably never corns under our notice. The author says that it will be a vain effort of the inquisitive to attempt to identify the. characters appearing in his pages-a delicate hint that they are all living Gippsland realities existing in the flesh. If so, the naturalist has a prolific field of research at home without going far afield. The author may, however, repose in the calm conscious ness that the identification of his characters will have less interest for the reader than even the history of their exploits itself, if such a poverty <->? interest is possible of conception. What the author's idea may have been when he took up his dashing peri it is difficult to conjecture. If he pur posed writing "a bad boy's diary" he leaves the impre3sion from the very outset that he knows .nothing of boyhood in its ideal sense. He assumes that uninteresting and innate vulgarities. will supply the place of humour, and that the most absurd commonplaces and inane utterances of rural ignorant "heroes" may be mistaken for the characteristics of an innocent child-life in the bush. He introduces as many dialects as heroes; and his knowledge of and familiarity with this feature of his theme is strictly in consonance with the stupid ignorance of his belaboured effort. How any one could be found to publish such a production even on the assumption that "no risks" were incurred, seems to us a marvel, and that any one could be found to read it through would be a more mar vellous experience still. If Australian literature is to be built up of such inimitable and -vulgar trash as this then we can only say " God help the future literature of Australia! " If there was one indica tion of ability, one spark of hope for the future, in this production we would offer words of encourage ment to stimulate the writer; but there is none. The greatest kindness that oan therefore be done the author is an advice to refrain from courting a notoriety in the future few weuld be disposed to envy. MRS. Gordon Baillie is at liberty once more and may soon be expected to be on the war path again, dhe retired compulsorily .into private life a dozen years ago, as the outcome of the coolest frauds per petrated upon tradespeople for many previous years. She 1b not wholly unknown in Melbourne, where her futile efforts to secure a settlement of land for the persecuted Sbye Crofters is still vividly remembered. Her real name is Annie Frost, but her aliases were as numerous as Vallambrosa's autumn tributes to dying nature. She has proved herself the most successful, and probably the most accomplished, female Rougemont of modern days. Australia has probably not heard the last of this great and gifted woman! Miss James, whose beautifully furnished bouse, in the Toorak-road, Mrs. Gordon Baillia rented, was left lamenting for her rent and the devastations caused by drunken orgies. Scores of other people were victimised and in many' in stances publicity was suppressed. This was the adventure of one of the smartest auctioneers in Melbourne. The late J. H. Knipe, who had his head full of new ideas for benefiting the public was one of Mrs. Gordon Baillie's suppoiters in her Crofters' scheme, and she oalled at his ofEoe frequently During her visits she noticed that Mr. Knipe had a very large assortment of magnificent jewellery, entrusted to him by clients for sale. Late one afternoon, after all the employes had left the auction rooms, and Mr. Knipe was writing some letters in his office, Mrs. Gordon Baillie drove up in her hired carriage and confided to the auctioneer that she was in a fix. She was invited to Govern ment House for that evening, and-as she had not brought her gala jewels with her to Australia " would Mr. Knipe oblige her with a rig out for the occasion?" Of course she promised to return the precious articles the following day. The auctioneer fell into the trap and decked out the dimpled beauty in magnificent diamonds, worth .£1,000. No sooner had the dark charmer got possession of the valuable haul than Bhe ordered the coachman to drive to " Mine Unole." Knipe never saw his jewels again and. was wise enough not to cause any scandal by giving publicity to his adventure. He bore the loss like a sensible man of the world who. happens to malca the mistake of transacting business with a pretty woman after business hours! 