MELBOURNE LETTER. The annual Retreat for clergv of the Archdiocese, parochial and regular, is being conducted by the Very Rev. J. Hearn, S.J , Superior of the Rich mond Mission, in St. Francis Xavier's College, Itew. The senior priests attended during the first week, and the assistant priests are going through the spiritual exercises this week. The Christmas recess places this fine college at the disposal of the clergy. The splendid new set of Stations of the Cross, which cost £250, are to be solemnly erected in St. Francis' Church on the first Sunday of Lent. As a set-off against the proposed Christian cele bration of the 20th century, a section of the infidel 'school, probably aided and abetted by the Masonic Lodge, intends issuing a parody on the New Testa ment ; for to give the public * garbled translation of the Inspired Writings dressed out in 'news- paper English ' means the issuing of a compilation which can have but one effect, viz., ' to cause angels to weep and devils laugh.' The Akgus in its leading columns strongly condemns the venture. That journal pertinently remarks: — '-Now, if all theology be dismissed, as a mere question of litera ture, and of the sanctities which literature respects, a book of which this can be said ought not to be lightly touched. What the authors of 'The Twentieth Century New Testament' have done — or rather have attempted — is to pull down a cathe dral for the sake of reconstructing it as a shanty. This is surely an abuse of 'the liberty of unlicensed printing' which might well make the bones of Milton turn in their grave !' But, seriously, have not all Christian Governments a plain duty to per form in regard to this threatened literary plague ? Is the liberty of the printing press to be prostituted to this vilest of licences ? We have vetoed Ouida, Zola, and Co., as dangerous to the welfare of the State, and is the threatened attack on the sacred ness of Scripture to be allowed a free hand ? One writer suggests that the whole edition should be suppressed and burnt publicly by the common hangman. The compilation will certainlj be placed on the 'index, and thus warned, uatnoucs and all who value their ' Christian Heritage' will leave the ' Twentieth Century New Testament' to in fidels, Freethinkers, Agnostics, and the like brood, After a long illness, the Rev. John Daly, Rector of St. Brendan's, Flemington, expired in St. Vin cent's Hospital on the 12th instant. The rev. gentleman, who was in his 38th year, was a native of Brosna, county Kerry, Ireland. The remains were removed to St. Patrick's Cathedral, where Office for the Dead and Requiem High Mass were celebrated for the repose of the dead priest's soul. The Very Rev. the Administrator presided, and priests from nearly every part of the diocese were present. The Requiem Mass was sung by Very Rev. Dean Hegarty V.F. ; deacon, Rev. R. S. Benson; sub-deacon, Rev. J. Costello, B.D. ; master of ceremonies, Rev. J. M'Carthy. There was a large congregation, principally from Fleming ton, where the deceased gentleman was held in great affection and esteem. The funeral was a re presentative one, ten mourning coaches containing the clergy, and other vehicles with the members of the H.A.C.B. Society, Catholic Young Men's Society, Sacred Heart, and Children of Mary Societies followed the remains to the Melbourne General Cemetery, where they were laid to rest in the crypt beneath the mortuary chapel'-— .Z2 l.P. The Speaker (Mr. F. C. Mason) has received the following letter from Mr. Carl Pinsehof, Consul for Austria- Hungary : — ' I have the honour to inform you that I have been commanded by his Imperial Majesty the Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria to convey to you his personal thanks for the svrnnnt.W shown to him by you in the terrible calamity which has befa'len him and his Imperial House, and for your official co-operation with me on the occasion of the memorial service for the late Empress at St. Patrick's Cathedral on September 17.' Steps are being taken to perpetuate the memory of the late Dr. S- J. Burke, of North Melbourne, and a meeting of citizens for the purpose, con vened by the Mayor, was recently held at the local Town-hall. Several speakers, including the Mayor, Mr. Watt, M.L.A., Drs. Kenny and Woinarski, Messrs. George Arnold, O'Connell, R G. Hynd man, R. Goodeir, Lyons, J. Langford, and A. Gleeson, testified to the skill and ability and to the many acts of kindness of Mr. Burke, and to the high esteem in which his memory was held, both in the metropolitan district and in the medical profes sion. Mr. Burke's work amongst the poor for the last 20 years was stated to have been unceasing and ungrudging. Numbers of instances were mentioned where it was known only by accident that the doc tor had not only given months of free attendance, but had provided medicine and trained assistance at his own expense It was resolved to establish a memorial fund to perpetuate his memory, and those present formed themselves into a committee, and appointed as an executive the Mayor (Council lor Wadick), Drs. O'Donnell and Woinarski, Mr. Maloney, M.L.A., and Messrs. W. Leeming, R. G. Hyndman, George C. Arnold, M'Connell, B. Allan, G. Gibbons. R. Goodsir, and P. F. Lyons, with Messrs. S, Barker, and Clement Davidson joint hon. secretaries. The hon, treasurer is the Mayor of North Melbourne. The Richmond City Council and the Mayor of Hawthorn officially inspected St. Ignatius' hand some new schools, Richmond, on the 12th instant. They express much satisfaction with the structure, which is built on up-to-date principles, the comfort and health of the children recsiving first attention. Only a part of the original plans has been con structed at a cost of £1700. The competition of the building will require some £10,000. The attendance is 141)0, and includes many non-Catholic children. There can be no doubt that public opinion on the Education Question is in a transition state just at present. So much was apparent from the tone of the speeches at this representive gathering. The longest telephone communication here, Mel bourne to Ballarat, 80 miles, was recently opened with the usual formalities Bushfires have devastated large tract3 of country in the north and north-eastern portions of the colony, and unfortunately our Irish Catholic farmers have been heavy losers by the destruction of crops, grass, and fencing. Last year Gippsland was scourged by the fiery element, but this year that district has been, so far, comparatively free from the visitation. The yield of gold in Victoria for last year was, with one exception, the highest on record for the last 22 years. Since 1894 there has been a steady increase. The yield for 1898, which was 837,258oz, was an increrse of 120,304oz on the output of four years ago. The yield of 1897 was 8l2,766oz, or 24,492oz less than that obtained in the 12 months just closed. The total gold production of Victoria since the first discovery is set down at 62,684,706oz, valued at £250,738,824. The Mayor of Prahan (Councillor Simmons) opened a bazaar at South Yarra last Saturday night in aid of St. Joseph's Church. It is not advisable for Catholic papers to touch on details of ciime of a particular class, but what was known a« the ' Yarra mystery' excited so much public interest that a word on ths revolting theme may be advisable. Briefly stated, the facts are these : — Some boys whilst rowing in the .'S arra found a boot- trunk containing the body of a yaung woman. The full resources of the criminal investigation de partment failed for some weeks to sheet home the crime. At length the Argus advised the Chisf Secretary to increase the reward. This was done. Not many days passed when one of the parties turned Queen's evidence, with the result that cer tain parties are now in prison awaiting their trial. It was the old. old story—-' when lovely woman stoops to folly,' &c.; One result, it is hoped, will come from this evil work —the suppression of «' specialists,' especially in the female line. 