Qiin Jlox rpSaJng.car.ds have this week been sent as Froomi letter., to the following:— May fat vl l Plmplnio; Nellie Shuttlewor h. Baila- i JNOrtn; Gordon 'Esam. Warrnarnhnnl R r. nai rt0nh, ortl,a,nd: Richard Bromley. St. Ar- Eae'viii Vr, Ha'r- Benalla, -Elizabeth Collins, lev \v ' a Scown, Lake Boga; Lily Dunk- RerHA ap8.aratta ;-. Alice Sanger, Fiyerstown, toun 1 Stanley; Eunice Harrop, Hope- The Town Child's Advantages.— Lib erty Hall, Sunebine Ranges.— To the dear Young Folks" of "he Weekly bnveE 'My Dear Young Friends,— I dive6 w'atched with great interest your sir! i. n on Town y. Country. It has. . c me that .the dear bpys . and ali -S0Y .uive in tQwn are not too fully ric.„ i advantages. The- town boy' brncv. i -s hia breakfast ready, boots WnivJ - - school bag. ln tim 'P ement, ;ahd arrives at schdol try 21 r a same -of cricket.- His,coun- 4 and rS1D sleepy eyes bbtweeri fudges > otsi and , . wet grass fojy a mile or' so to get the cows, mllka his .half-dozen, thent feeds a few of the calves, which, like the saucy elephant of the story, often dip their heads to the bottom of the bucket, and with nose and mouth, squirt all they can over the unfortunate feeder. Then be cheerfully disposes of his cold break fast, takes the top dirt off his boots, and Whistles merrily away to his 3 or 4 miles tramp over long wet grass till he reaches school:. The town boy comes home to a nice hot lunch in the middle of the day; :tfie country boy swallows his lunch of bread and jam, washed down with a draught of Adam's ale, and then has his game of cricket. If the morning is wet the town boy takes his train, tram, or bus, while the country boy must wait at -home, or risk a cold by sitting fn wet clothes. After school he must hurry home or he will have to muk in the dark, while his towji cousin can. .indulge in a book. Then, how 'kind LoriiL'BraSgey has been iti providing entertainments tor the town boys. No country boy ever receives any invitation. The town , boy-need fear no " bush fires, no 6tiakes, and no long, tiring 'walks on hot days, or. cold, wet ones. In. competitions, too, -what chance - has ar country boy against a town boy. Nine -times out of 10 the result of a competi- tioii is announced before a country boy knows there is to be one. "Where does 'the merchant select his clerk or annren- tice from? Does he send word to the tea cher of a town school or a country" school? As to the merit certificates they are about useless to a country- child, while it is made a . stepping-stone to something higher for a town child. Then look at the means of self-improvement which a town boy possesses after . .he leaves school, all of which are denied to the country child. I will not dwell upon the various places of amusement, the lovely parks and gardens, and the many recreations which the kind ladies and gentlemen in town get up for the sake of giving pleasure to the children.. These are to the country child what we call x, that i's the unknown quantity. But I must not make my letter too long. Will some boys - find girls in town finish telling" the many, many 'advantages which a town child has over a country one. I hope dear Aunt Connie will 'be' able to find a nook for this effusion, as I watch the "Young Folks" page with great in terest. With love to all the dear boys and girls who write therein, no more this time from one who was Once a Town Girl, and always A Lover of Children. I am very glad you have written, and thank you for your very acceptable and interesting contribution to "Our Page'."— Aunt Connie. From Cousin . Eva Stoddart.— Haw thorn, Oct. 6th, 1899. Dear Aunt Connie, — It is so long since' I last wrote to you that I am afraid you will think I have forgotten you. But I generally read the "Young Folks' " page, although I am very busy with lessons. Since so. many of my country cousins say that they like the country better than the town, I thought I would say a little on behalf of town life. Certainly it js a very good ar gument in favor of the country that the air is so much purer and healthier. But still illness is very common in the country as well as the town, and there is the dis advantage of not being able to get medical advice so readily" Although the lovely wild flowers 'do not grow in town, and though very few people can have nice gar dens in town, still there is no scarcity of flowers, as many beautiful flowers can be bought for a very small price. And to those who cannot afford hothouses and conservatories, and who love rare flowers, there is the freedom to enjoy looking at them in the large windows of the florists' shops. Again, in town, we do not have any unpleasant insects or animals, ex cept mosquitoes: we do not , have scor- pions, centipedes, bears or snakes. Very few tarantulas or spiders are seen, and we can leave our windows open on summer evenings without fear of various kinds of strange insects rushing in to the light. Many: of our cousins seem to think that the country is more beautiful than the town. . It is. indeed, when the weather Is good; but the country is Infinitely mono tonous." and dreary if the weather is bad; often you cannot go .outside for days on account of the mud and fearful condition of the roads. In the town, however, rain does not matter, unless you happen to take cold easily, because with a good um brella and coat you need not fear the rain, and the footpaths and roads are clean ; while you have bright windows in the day and the cheerful gas or electric light at night. Besides, as in the case of our own city, Melbourne, many towns have stately buildings, with magnificent and wonder fully constructed architecture. Some people think that in the town' very little of the sky can be seen; but to man? town folk the sky is. a great. source of pleasure. There are also some very pretty views about Melbourne. From one hill especi ally, which I go over to school every morning, the view of Melbourne is splen did. The city, from there, usually seems of a greyish or bluish color, with its tow ers and spires of all shapes and sizes, and the masts and rigging of ships in the Bay, "standing out against the sky, which is never the same two days together. This view of Melbourne is still more beautifui in the night, when the city is all a-twinkle with spiarks of light. There are many charmiiig views in and about Melbourne, but they are so r-umero.us that T shall not attempt to dosi " any more, but pass to sme other advantages. In town we are able to;purchase any -things of which we are in need just v 1.- ; want them; we do not have to wait uu.il we can send to the township or until the travelling store-, -keeper' comes round. We also have the advantage of public libraries, .lovely plea sure grounds as the tanical Gardens, plenty of amusements, such as concerts, etc. We also have the benefit of trains, trams, cabs, telegraph; t&ephone;, and plenty of water. We never have the terrors of bush-fires for want of water. The fire . brigade service is also good. In the country there is only one station' at each-township, arid as the townships are so far apart, mutual assist- ' anco cannot be given. In town, If a fiVe occurs in one suburb, the other suburbs are each able to send a firecart and some men, because they, are so close together, and consequently there is a greater force of men to cope with a fire. But what I consider the greatest advantage of town over country life is that we live closer to our friends, and have such numerous fa cilities for obtaining frequent intercourse with them. " For those people who like to know what is going on in the world around them, town is the place where they hear the news quickest. The town, also, seems to make people less absorbed in themselves, .and tgives" them more good fellowship "with their : fellow creatures. This stands to reason, because in the coun try each person -is more- -alone;- his own opinions, ..feelings, and thoughts become paramount; while in- the town each person has to allow others to think and act as tliey like, and has to respect their opin ions. Tq sightseers and visitors, I think, the country is the most pleasant. A visi- tor to Melbourne rushes about seeing, all the sights, and spending , his time in the dusty town— for dust is the chief draw- ' back of town— comes home worn out and sleepy, only to be kept awake all night by the strange sounds. No wonder h'e goes home thinking the fresh, beautiful coun try is the pleasantest. But let him stay in Melbourne six months, and I really do not think he would wish to go back to the country, unless, of course, all his relations and home were there, because everybgdy likes the place where their own home is best. A visitor to the country, on ihe con trary, is only freshened and strengthened by the pure air and peaceful quiet. For a few weeks he may be happy and content ed, but he is sure to long for the hurry and bustle' of the town. In Melbourne, too, we are so near to both seaside and coun try.- Less than an hour's travelling will take you to /either. . But this is enough about the 'merits of town and. country. I wonder if any of my cousins came down to the Agricultural Show? As we had a holiday at school. Ruby and I went. But. owing to the dust, crowd and unpleasant weather, we did not enjoy it as much as we expected. Still as we had never been before we found it very interesting. We liked the horses and cows best. I am afraid this letter will be altogether too long, so will now close, with love to all my cousins, not forgetting little Connie and Florrle and yourself, I remain, your lov- ing niece, — Eva Stoddart. (Not a bit too long, dear Eva. We are all delighted to hear from you again. You have given a capital statement of the ad vantages of town life; and your interest ing letter, together with that from "A lover of children" will certainly give our country champions a good deal to think of and to answer.— Aunt Connie.) A Talking Parrot.— Ovens street, Wan- garatta, October. 4th, 1899.— Dear Aunt Connie,— This is the first time I have written to you, but you will remember my sister ' Daisy writing. We have a Private Hospital in Wangaratta. I have been down to Yan Yean for three months, and went, into Melbourne twice. We had snow there one day, and the trees and houses were all white. It was the first time I saw snow. We are getting a nice new house built. It has 12 large rooms in it. We are living in the town, and keep 2 cows, so we are always able to get nice , fresh milk. I have 6 brothers and 2 sis ters. We have 10 little canaries, 2 guinea pigs, and 1 parrot. The parrot can say nearly anything you like. My eldest bro ther passed for a mounted policeman, and ' he was called last Monday. Would you please send me'a" collecting card. I have got one for the Chu-rv -.f England Sun- 1 day School cot. on Sunday, and have got 12s now. . am, your affectio nate niece, Lily Dunkley. | Twelve in the Family— Derrinallum, I October, 1st, 1899.— Dear Aunt Connie,— | This is the first time I have written to you. I am very fond of reading the Children's Column, and I thought I would like to be one of your many nieces. ; I go to school, and I am in the sixth class. Derrinallpm is a small township. There j are a great many stations in the district. ; I have six. brothers and five sisters. My ; brother has a little pony, and I am learn ing, to ride on it. We have some very! nice flowers out in our garden. We had some nice rain yesterday, also a slight fall of snow. My father has his garden planted with vegetables, but the frost camp and spoilt Ell the potatoes. \Vitli love to Cousins Connie and Florrie, Uncle Ben, and yourself, I remain, your new friend, Lily Bain. Aged, 15 years. An Excellent Collection.— Colbrook, Oc tober.— Dear Aunt Connie, 1 am sending back my collecting card "with, the airi- ount of L3 2s, which I hope will be a. help to ihe little sick, children, i hayfe not had my card three weeks yet. I could not make it hold all the names, so I had to pin a slip of paper on the card. It gave me great pleasure to collect. Nearly all I asked gave me something cheerfully. ,1 have written out a list of. the names. Would you please publish them? The weather here has been very cold. We had a very heavy hail storm last week, and a little snow. We have all very bad colds. We often get wet go ing to school. We are preparing for ihe inspector. Our teacher's name is Mr Horsfall. We all like him very much. Miss Burnyside is our sewing mistress. She is very kind. She arranges our sew ing nicely on brown paper for the inspec tor. My sister got 2nd prize for her school sewing at the Ballan show. I have not got many pets. We have a parrot, a cat and a ferret. We only milk two- cows. We -have a lot of fowls and. sorne; chickens. Now I must close my :>letter: with love to Cousins Florrie and Connie,' Uncle Ben and yourself. Mother paid for the postal order notes. I remain, your affectionate niece, '.May' Binlfs. . " Y'ou have done very well, indeed, May, I think you have made quite a record by collecting over three pounds in the; three weeks. I am glad you found people so kind and willing to give.— Aunt Connie. A Snow Fight.— Crossover, 6th October, 1899.— Dear Aunt Connie,— I am writing to thank. you for my two certificates, which arrived safely. .1. think the? are very nice, and I am. pleased with them. Since I last wrote to you we have had some very wintry weather, frost and rain, and actually snow, which is a very rare occurrence in this part of the country, es pecially in September, when we gener ally have warm, sunny weather. We had some fun snowballing, but, oh, it was cold! Our fingers were nearly frozen. We piled up a lot of snow and made a fort, and Ethel and I foughtViv and Harold. But it gives one a very funny sensation if you get a lump of snow down, your back, a3 I found out. The snow looked lovely when it was just freshly fallen, but the rain soon spoilt it, and it was all:gone be fore dinner lime on Sunday. Our garden looks very well now, with all the May flower and creeping roses out in blossom. The spring flowers did not last so long or look so well, as they did last year. Ethel has been bad with an ulcerated throat, but I am glad to say that she is a good deal better to-day. I have left school now, but before I left I won a 'very nice prize, entitled, "Through Pain to Peace." Ethel got a nice book also, the fruit trees look as if they will bear well this year. The apple trees are co vered with blossom, and look very pretty. I think that the country Is better than town, but such a lot have written giving you their reasons for liking it better, that I will not say any more about It. I wish some of our cousins would write and give their ideas as to town life, ana then there would be another argument, like that be tween Will Prince and Dave Russell I "was glad to see that they both got equal honors in It. We are milking six cows and sometimes I milk three of them. The grass is springing nicely now after the rain, the paddocks look so fresh and green. There was going to be a new cchool built, but they have not started it yet Mother is going away for a week soon, taking Ethel and Vlv with her. It will be quiet without them, Vlv Is suc|i a noisy little fellow. Well, dear Aunt Connie, I will say good-bye now, with love to Connie and little Florrie. Uncle Ben and yourself, I remain, your affec tionate niece, Daisy Handiey. 