A Ghat About Wattles. An 01' j ct Lesson Written for New South. \V .l.-s Oaildron by J. H. Maiden. The word w.-iltli! is one which we in Australia have prculiarly adopted as our own, Jind tiiis is hoiv it has t-oine about. It (lnti's from Anglo-Siision tim°s, and aigmfk'n twigs or sapling*, or flexible rods nlnited or interwoven tosrethor. The word. lias- survived (chiefly in pro vincial dialuots), to modern (lays, nnd when the early si'ttlers of this Colony found it convenient to construct tlie framework of walls of their dwellings and. otiter buildings of twigs and split; saplings, the operation was called ' Wat.tlin£f,' and the material used, 'Wattle. ? Nuar Sydney Cove there grew in abundance, overhanging the water- courses, a small tree with thin, flexible stems, which was frequently used for the purpose, and hence was first called- '-Wattle' or 'Black W.-iUIp.' It is known to botanist* as ?' Callicoma,' and has cream-coloured flowers, in globular heads. Subse quently other plants, which we now call ? ' Acacias,' were ust;d for -the purpose, and these are recognised as '? Wattles ' in most parts of this continent, whether their stems and twigs are used tor wattling or not, while tho name, as ap plied to ' Ciillieoma,' has altnoiit fallen into disuse, except among a few old fashioned people, . The term wattle is, however, by no means universally applied to plants of the genus ' Acacia,' particularly in the far western parts of the Colony. Myall, boree, inu!ga, brig'alow, cooba. dead-finish, gidgee, hicltory. miljee, umbrella-bush, wait- a-while, sndyarran amongst others, are all members of the great wattle family. The origion of ihe name ' Acacia,' is not absolutely fieefrom doubt, but the most reasonable derivation indicates that if( comes from the Greek ' akazo,' I sharpen, in allusion to the sharp spines of imuy of the African and Asiatic species, which are, however, not charac teristic of mo.'t of the Australian ones. Acaciai are found in the warmer regions of the earth, particularly, in Australia and Africa. They aggregate nearly 500 species for the whole world, oE which considerably over 300 are found in Australia alone. It will, therefore, be seen that Acacia is mainly Australian. The numb.-r oi species can only be stated approximately, as botan ists continue additional ones. Having spoken^ihus generally, let us c insider details. First let us examine the blossoms. It will be founi that wattles foil into .(freat groups ; those which have their flowers in small round heads or fluffy balls, and those in which the: shape of the flowers may be described as short, blunt rods, or teclimoally speaking, 'spike*.' Now, if we look at tbo blossom with a pocket lens, we shall observe that it consists of a- very large number of tiny flowers, forming, in fact, a colony of little flowerets whoso structure, though min ute, is a«i perfect as that of the large, ^howy 'Hibiscus' bo common in gardens. These minute flowers will be found on eh to contain perfent Repals* (and therefore calyx), petals, (and therefore corolla), a large number of stamens, together with a pistil. The tiny sepals and petals differ amongst themselves in shape, texture, markings, in the presence or absencu of hairs, and as these 'ohara'-ters often determine the species, it follows that it may be necessary for the botanist to examine minutely a plant submitted for his opinion. The colour of wattle-blossoms varies from a pure white to a deep yellow, -.different species showing flowers of -varying shades of cream-colour and pale yellow. .A* a rule, they do not show to advantage as cut flowers, their exquisite .fluffiness departing as soon as they are removud from the plant. Most of \n are aware that the fruit of the wattle is a pod or legume, which, although varying a. good deal in shape in different species, bears a strong family likeness to the homely pea or bean, Hence it is that tho wattle be longs to the natural order 'Legumi nostB.f In smno seasons the conditions for £ ir-ning \wd-t arj unfavourable over large areas, and hence we may look for themin vain, but thoBe of the orna mental wattles are well worthy of collection, as these plants are best pro pagated from seed. And here it may be mentioned that the outer coat of the wattle-seed is very tough and impervious to moisture, so that ? it does not germinate very readily. Accordingly, before sowing, wo soak the seeds-in hot, nearly' boiling water, or partly bake them, an operation: which Nature her self often performs by means of bush fires. Wattle-sved may, in dry grass land, remain in the ground for very many years, but iE a fire passes over the country a crop of young wattles is frequently a result. , ' If I were to say that most wattles have no leaves, iny readers would think I was not speaking seriously. The feathery foliage of the black and silver wattle, finely divided so as to bo almost fern like, consists of trno'.leaves, but most of our wattles have 'loaves,' which struc turally aw only loaf-stalks or petioles flattened out, forming vvliat are known as 'fjhjillodin.'* Miny of those phyllodia look like the leaves of other trees, gum-trees for instance, others are long and narrow like a rape, while' a number are thin and pungent-pointed, like needles. Most are quite green, but others look as if they have b.-en dusted over with Hour. In a word, it may bo; said that the shape, texture, markings, and other characteristics of those pbyllodia, present almost endless diversity of appearance.. Wattles vary much in sizo when fully grown, Soms tiny spacies hardly exceed 3 or 4 inches in height, aud may bo crushed like the t-rass on tho field. Moat of tbpm are shrubs, or trees of mederate size, while at least two Bpecies attain tho stature of large forest trees, joth of them being found to moasuro up to nearly 4 feet diameter, wliilo ono has bofn found to attain a height of over 100 feet, and the othor the extraordinary height of 150 feet As lias, been already hinted, tlto wattle may be reasonably; looked upon as a ^.national Australian plant, and hence it would beli.ivo boys and girls to set about the very pleasant task of studying it. The structure of tho flower* pnds, 'ami phyllodia should be made out from actual examination of a twin; ; this will impress the Ptibject on one's memory better than endless read ing of descriptions. The wattlo is essentially a flower of winter or early spring, and its cultivation is easy. It brightens up our gardens and roadsides at a season when there are few other flowers, nnd no flowers are more effective than yellow ones. When these facts are realised we shall see more wattles adorning the homes of this bright sunny land than we do at present, for they are themselves an emblem of sunshine. 