THORPDALE. \-----*----- "APPLEGROVE FARM." THE LIFE-WORK OF A PIONEER. CR. CRISP AT HOME. One of the best-known farms in the Thorpdale district is Applegrove, the property of Cr. H. W. Crisp, and its orchard has more than a merely local reputation. It is 22 years since Mr. Crisp took up his selection. In those days it required grit and determination to face the difficulties and hardships inseperable from the task of making a homne in the Gippsland forests, and when Mr. Crisp took up his land he had to cut tracks and carry everything he required on pack horses. But he has the satisfaction to-day of being the owner of one of the choicest farms in that part of Gippsland. Applegrove Farm is between three and four miles from Thorpdale station on M'Donald's-track. It consists of 319 acres, nearly the whole of which is cleared. With the exception of nine acres of orchard and a few acres of oats the whole of the land is under grass. And such grass. Nearly 100 head of stock are being depastured on it at piresent, and it could carry double that number for some mouths without unduly taxing it. But it is the orchard with which we intend chiefly to deal. Probably no more ideal spot for an orchard could be found in Gippsland than the one chosen by Mr. Crisp. It is situated on a flat surrounded on all sides by hills, and is thus completely sheltered. On the heights above the orchard are several small lagoons, fed by never- failing springs, by means of which it could be irrigated without any difficulty. The soil is a grey loam with clay subsoil, and is splendidly adapted for fruit-growing, a fact proved by the large size and excellent quality of the fruit produced. A proof of the fertility of the soil is given in a small crop of oats which was sown between the rows of fruit trees and wvhich was recently cut for ensilage, some of the stems reaching the re- markable height of 9ft. On the same land 18 tons of potatoes to the acre have been obtained. Of the nine acres at present com- prising the orchard — 3 acres were destroyed by the bush fires at the be- ginning of the year—8 acres are de- voted to apples, the remainder being chiefly peaches, and there are also a few pears, pluns, etc. The orchard was first planted 14 years ago but, like all orchardists who have to gain their knowledge by experience, Mr. Crisp made mistakes in planting vari- eties unsuited to the climate, the con- sequence being that a considerable number of his first planted fruit- trees had to be either uprooted or re-grafted. Almost the whole of the orchard is in full bearing, and the average yield is about 40 tons of fruit, most of which is disposed of in the Melbourne market, the balance being chiefly sent to Wal- halla, Sale, and Bairnsdale. Top prices are invariably obtained by Mr. Crisp, who always takes great care in grading and packing. Three years ago he tried the experiment of export- ing to England, but although very fair prices were obtained, they were not sufficiently encouraging to induce him to continue to send his fruit out of the colony, especially as he never had any trouble to dispose of his fruit locally at remunerative rates. As much as 16/ per case has been obtained in the Melbourne market for peaches, the variety being Crisp's seedling, a cling stone of large size, attractive appear ance, and good flavor. Unfortunately two acres of young trees of this variety were destroyed by the bush-fires—a heavy loss. The chief varieties of apples grown at Applegrove are Five Crown, Rhymer, Rokewood, Adam's Pearmain and Jonathan, all of which do well. Rhymer and Five Crown's grow to a very large size, some of them occasionally exceeding 1½lb in weight ; while Mr Crisp on one occasion ex- hibited an apple of the Prince Alfred variety, which weighed just on 2lbs. The Five Crowns are the most prolific croppers, as much as 22½ cases having been obtained from a single tree. Altogether, the orchard is in every sense of the word a success, the mone- tary returns being satisfactory in the extreme, and this is another testimony that, properly conducted, fruit-grow- ing in Gippsland, will pay, and pay well; and, when the export trade is properly developed this industry should be one of the mainstays of the province. At present Mr. Crisp is milking about 15 cows, but this number will shortly be largely increased, as the farm is well adapted for dairying, there being abundance of grass and water. Among other experiments Mr. Crisp tried hop- growing some years ago on the site of his orchard, and the quality of the article produced was pronounced by good judges to be equal to anything grown in the colony. About two acres were devoted to hop-growing, but after a few years trial, it was found that the returns were not sufliciently remunerative, and Mr. Crisp aban- doned its cultivation; but not before he had the misfortune to have all one season's crop destroyed by a bush fire after it had been picked, which means a very serious loss. Elizabeth Creek — a fair-sized stream — runs through Applegrove farm, and on the north bank, on Mr. Crisp's property, a brown coal seam has been found, from which about 50 tons was taken some years ago and sent to Melbourne for the purpose of being tested. The seam is 40ft thick, and the soil is somewhat darker than the Morwell brown coal. Mr. Stirling, the Government Geologist, expressed an opinion that the quality would improve as it went down ; but, as it would be expensive and difficult to cart the coal to Thorpdale, the mine has not been further worked. Mr. Crisp is a man of untiring energy, and he is noted for the thoroughness with which he carries out anything he undertakes. He has represented the South Riding in the Shire Council for the past six years, and the ratepayers showed their appre- ciation of his services by returning him by an overwhelming majority at the last election. Tall, straight, and wiry, he is a good sample of an Aus- tralian native, and one can easily understand that a quarter of a century ago Mr. Crisp was one of the champion pedestrians of the colony. Men of his energy and public spirit are an acquisition to any community. 