Our Story. The Kangaroo Flat Revival By Tom Bluegum. Chapter V. I1- The wind bloweth where it listeth.' 'You will come with me to the meeting to-night, Harry ? '* I It was Nellie Nash who -spoke coaxingly, £ as she put a plump arm over her brother's shoulder and looked down into his face. ' 'Why, little Cis, what put that notion into your head ? ' he asked with an amused twinkle in his usually thoughtful eye. 'Well, the moon is not up yet and the ninht is dark. Father had to go early in order to trim me lamps. I ' And my timid little sister is afraid of !v the dark. Some ferocious opossum might | devour her, or Bbe might fall a prey to | Borne prowling wallaby by the way.' The girl pulled his ear until he begged l; for mercy in reply to this speech. She was | one of the most fearless of bush reared girls, | ! and the brother's response was the reductio | ! ad absurdum of her reason for soliciting his escort. R ' But Harry I want you to come, you I' never go to service now.' ^ 'And how long is it since this sad lapse \- from rectitude has become a source of | trouble to my little sister ? ' 1 His tone was playful but she felt an ^ nf an.i*naam i n fVi p annpnVl ^ UUUClUlUi.ouu ~ ? | ; Recent experiences had chastened her soul : and her heart rebuked her that she had ; teen so long indifferent to his drift from [ boly things. Therefore the tone was very i orave and tender in which she spoke again, i, 'You knew our mother, Harry. I never \- did.' He was gazing intently into her [ serious countenance. Something of that i- mother mirrored itself there, and a softened | look stole into hiB thoughtful eyes. ' I \ made up my mind to try and grow like her. She must have been good. She loved the j services. If she knew she would be grieved [ that you keep away, Harry.' S. She had meant to tell him something o | her heart experiences the evening before, but somehow words failed her. i He rose hastily, turning his face away \ from her wistful gaze. That expression (brought out the resemblance to the mother of whom she spoke so vividly that he could not endure it unmoved. ' I cannot go to'night if I would, Cis,' he replied gently. 'That fire we've beeD I watching all day is brightening behind the s mountain. If it crosses the roadway we | shall have a desperate fight to save the j paddockB.' ; There was no mistaking the lurid glow [ ami thickening smoke from behind the | range, and the girl knew too well what it I all meant not to feel that this objection was fatal to her appeal. Even as he spoke her brother's horse appeared, saddled for use. 'Good-night, Cis,' he called back from the doorway. ' You can't be too much like your mother.' Then he was gone. There were very few at the service that r evening. Many stayed at home, wearied I with lighting that fierce bush-fire all day. Others remained for fear of some further I outbreak. Several of those who did come were called away ere the service had begun, ; to insist Harry Nash in hiB desperate battle \ against the furious element. Ou leaving his sister the young man had ; ridden on to the Glen Athos road, and \- theuce round the mountain. A broad glare ? from the advancing fire filled the valley on his right. There was little wind save the eddying currents caused by bursts of flame as they rose and subsided. He hoped that lacking impetus derived from strong winds, the fire would burn itself out along the roadside. Leaving the hired man to watch at the head of the valley, he rode quickly some miles along the road He wished to assure himself that the barrier formed by the much- traversed track had been effectual further on. In a few moments the roar of flames swept up from the dense foliage in the gully on his right. Blinding, stifling smoke rolled round him, and crackling flames crept and leaped menacingly at him from the roadside. Then a blackened, smoking waste, illumiated by burning tree trunks, stretched away into the gloom. The moon showed blood-red low down in the east. Trees crashed amid a shower of sparks and bursting flame. But nowhere had the destroying tide crossed tbe track. On that side at least they were secure. So he turned to gallop back. Converging fronts of flame were rushing fno-AtVior n.fc t.ViA TiAn.fl nf fcha anraa no Via rejoined his assistant. But the roadway checked its flery course etill. Happily, the trees had been felled at the head of the gorge in order to clear a watercourse through the culvert. There was nothing to raise the flame high enough to enable it to leap the road at this point. The peril seemed over, and he turned to enjoy the spectacle. A shout, and he sprang round to Bee sheets of flame flashing up the range towards tbe home paddocks. Creeping through the wooden culvert, stealthy tongues of flame licked hungrily at tbe long mountain grass. Both men attacked fUa fivft mif.li tVia ayiavct\t nf Tfc mocked their efforts. With increasing fury the blinding, broadening glare swept triumphantly up the mountain slope. One resource remained. The young man made a quick gesture. Each sprang to his horse. ' Ride round to the church and bring all the men you can get to follow my trail.' The hired man understood and galloped off on his errand. Young Nash dashed away at a still more reckless pace. : His object was to gain the home side of the mountain. Fire must now fight fire, and human ingenuity conquer all. Arriving at the desired spot he sprang to the ground. Already that ominous glare crowned the summit of the mountain. Half way down the home side of the slope he seized a dead bush, and applying a match, instantly drew o afvnalr nf flam a alnna t.ViA i3riAi3 rrrooc Following its natural bent the flame sprang away up the range in great leaps to meet the descending wave of fire from the summit. The lower edge of flame burned steadily but travelled slowly down wards. He lett that to the care of others, and sped away over gullies and shelving crags with his streak of protecting flame. It was night, and several miles of scrub and gully must be scored with fire ere the run could be saved. It was a fierce, exhausting race, but it ended at last. Hours afterwards he sank breathless beside a pur ling streamlet whioh bounded their pro. perty on the north. He was black and sooty, hiB hands and face torn and bleeding, his clothes tattered and dishevelled ; but the paddocks were saved if those behind did their duty. If — That ' if' stimulated him to renewed exertion. Laving face and throat in the limped moonlit pool, he rose to begin a backward course, carefully extinguishing that lower rim of steady blaze as he passed. He had traversed the greater part of a mile without perceiving any token of the help he had relied upon. The lower edge of the fire was fast dropping down towards the levels with their stretches of long, dead grass. In some places the crackle and hiss gathered volumes as it raised increasing draughts from the still atmosphere. His anxiety increased, and spent as he was with hours of strenuous exertion, he redoubled his efforts. He had just clambered down a steep bank, and was scrambling up the farther side, beating out the crackling flame as he passed. The mass of the mountain threw a deep gloom over the spot, and dense clouds of smoke filled the murky air around him. There was a sudden shower of sparks and coals of fire. He felt himself hurled backwards m the gully. Streaks of fire danced about him, then all grew dark and still. He had lost consciousness. How long he lay thus he could not say. When consciousness returned he found himself in a clump of green bush, round which the fire had crept downwards towards the paddock. He tried to rise, but sank back with a groan, and almost swooned again. Then he felt about him in the dark ness. Hewaslyingin the top of a fallen sap ling in the bed of the gully. He tried to recall what had happened, but a confused buzzing in his ears frustrated every effort to think, j Then he became conscious of an oppressive weight upon bis legs. Rising with an effort that exhausted him, he felt forwards in the darkness. His hands touched the hard exterior of a fallen trunk. Then he began to understand what bad befallen him. Some dead tree, burnt out at the roots, had crushed down upon him in the smoke and gloom. The green leaves which had pro tected him against the passing fire were the foliage of a sapling crushed in its descent. His legs were beneath the trunk. Beyond the sense of fearful pressure there was no pain. As the giddiness in bis head dim inished be thought more clearly. He tried to move first one limb, then the other, but they were held as in a vice. His feet seemed dead, were numbed beyond feeling. He placed his hand again upon the trunk. To his horror it was warm, almost hot. Fire was eating its way up the hollow pipe. Then he realised the full peril of his position. Unless friendly aid arrived he was doomed. He was weak from the recent shock and previous exhaustion. He tried to cooee, but the sound died in a weak cry, and he sank back once more overcome by weakness and pain. ( To be continued). 