BULN BULN SHIRE COUNCIL. AraBrt 2mn. Present-Full Council, CORRESPONDENCE. From G. Fellscher, Neerim, re his claim for payment for clearing on Collins' road -Received. From R. MNlDougald, Neerim, inquiriong if amount for contract obtained by W. Downey for work on Bcenglsson's road was still available, and, if so, why not haven the work done? Also, that hbe un derstood that £40 was voted oat of the Treasury Bonds Grant for the same toad. le asked where it was, and appealed to Cre Ward and Hogan for information in this matter, as Cr Riiddlell was not then in the council. He also comiplained that thu specifications of Fowler's road were sent to him one leaf short-Cr Ward did not know anything about it-Cr Riddell said that if lthere wis £40 allowed last year they should have that too-Cr Ward: Often :ontracts had to lapse for want of tenders. They said nothing about the Ilarge amount of day liabor in the north. Fromnt Railway department, agreeing to council running surface dralinage on the Longwarry railway premises if a drain 15 chains long is cut by the council on the north side of the line-Rlleceived From Acetylene Gas Co., re the gas as a town illuminant-Received Front Public Works department, agree ing to specifications for works under the special grant, except two culverts on Jaekson's-Track, wi-ich are considered maintenance or renewals- Received Froau George Napier, Neerim South, asking peruission to fall a tree on road Granted From Samuel Smethurst, Lang Long Park, re road to Kenny's and Royal Mail lhotel. Hle had instructed Mr Forrest to repair a broken culvert, and asked that a dayman be sent on the road-Dayman to be sent for three days From James Grant, Neerim South, ask ing for an outlet on to Jackeson's Track To be attended to. From Lands department, stating the re eervation of a water reserve of 6 1 14p at Drouin was notified - Received-It was suggested tha:t a smiall sum of money shlould be expended to improve it. Froim Robert Hlenry, East Poowong, re bad state of his road, and offering to repair it if a dlayman could not be sent To be paid for three days' work. Fromo M1. Waller, Rokeby, roe the com plaint that he had thrown logs into the river, and replying-that the council had been misinformed. Whatever work lie undertook would be donein such a way as not to cause any complaitnt-Secretary to write again. From J. lallylnurton, East Poowong, asking for a side-cutting across steep hill on road-Engineer to report. From Dr Cowen, Drouin, asking for cermnission to put a post on~footpath. Grianted From Warragul Shire Council, asking the council to contribute half the cost of clearing tihe old Telegraph road-Or Not man did not know where they got the money from, seeing tthat they could not imtprove tCie road to Rokeby station Secricar ino write for partiellars From Public Works depi rtment, stating that there is no objection to proposed load deviation in parish of Noojee East, pro viding the council undertook not to part with the fee-simiple of old road.-Secre tary said that the council was under an agreement to hand over the old road Secretary to write the ldepartment stating the agreement council was under, and that it was desired to ihave matter settled. Fromi Bank of Ansral:asin, re same Received. From Municipal Association; re the case of Mr Cuninghame, Neerim, who claimed compensation for damage caused by trees falling from road across his fence, the same having been rung by the council, and caught fire during the recent bush fires.-The secretary added that Mesers 'Maddock, Johnboson and Jameson were of opinion that the council is not liable-Re ceived. From Dr Cowen, reporting that hlie had made inquiries into-a complaint that the accommodation for children attending State school No. 2,066 is ineaffcient, and found that the air space was fairly reason able. He lnso added that no drinking water sas bnpplied-Secreitary to write to the Education department asking that a 'tank be supplied for the school. . From A. E. Edney, Tarago, asking that a culvert be put at end of Gupes'forma ion, at foot of Fairy bill-Engineer to attend. Petitions. From William Algie, P. Algie, and S. W'Cullough, asking that a gully on Sawyer's road be iriproved at top of Red Hill.-To lie on table. . " Three Dunl Dogs." Fron M . M'Donald, Noojee, complain ing that the Noojee district did not get its share of the funds of the North Riding. He concluded thus:--"I have no wish to fill up pages with abuse against the coun cil. I know who we ihave to thank for this state of things. No language that I would like to .ake use of would but feebly repreen tthe base conduct of those three greedy dum dogs representimg. the. North Riding. It is a long lane that does not turn."-Letter not received-Ce Wsrml added that the .roads were being repaired where there was the most trcffic. Tenders. The following tenders were dealt with: 31 N.---8t chainsFoerning and Timber Culvert, Fechan's Road, Neeritis East Abandoned - 42 N.-Csttle Creep, at C. M'Doogall's, Noajee Road, Neerim' North.-Bosanko and West. £17 1 C.-Bridge over Labertonche and Wattle Creek, also approalches, etc., Jack. son's Track, Jindirick. - John Alcorn, £58 10s Gd 2 C.-47 chains Grubbing and Clearing between Labertouche and WTattle Creek, Jackson'sTriuck-W. Read, £11 1is 3 S.-2t chains Forming opposite Rob inson's, Drouin Soutlm-W. Thomas, £15 12s 6d -4 C.-873 chuins to Grub and Clear; also 12 chains to Form between WaTtlc Creek and West Jindivick road, Jacknon's Track.-VW. Read, £21 3s ud 5 C.-58) chains to trtib and Clear, also Pipe Culvert and 10 chains to Clear and Form betweon West and North Jindivick roads, Jackson's Track-To be re-advertised 6 C.-Grubbing. Clearing and Forming between Scrivenecr's an Gleison's roads, Jackson's Track-J. B. Ellis, £44 Ss 7 C-S3 clalins Clearing betweeg Tarogo and teamin Ncria road, Jackson's Track Abandoned S C-30l elains Clearing, 11 chains Formuinig, bescween Petscllack's and Scriv cnrv's roads, Jackson's Track. - J. B. Ellis, £31 17s td. :) 0- 23 chinos Clearing a ind Foritming between Gleeson's road and larago River, Ja ckson's Track-Ahbontlonecl l'Coll onuS Suos' Transway, The secretary oait that lie had scritten to Ilessrs 1'Coll nnd Sons, reminding them that the indemnity was not sigeed and thlat the insurance policy had eapired and should be renewed. Cr Worul said the 11rm should he stopped suit brought to book. The council was gisinig the ratepayers' interest its best at teation, and ii the lirg hal desired some concession they might hove got it had they appiroached tIle council. Cr Oidell said tliat i the tramway was taken ui p, caRtilg on the roads is-ould do a lot of harmn. Cr Woril replied that at present tI- coun. cil sresc liable tor damages in cose of acci dent on the road. TCie secretary said that the council hadi indemnity in law from the letters which pasocd.-Mllotion. 