GENERAL NEWS N.S.W.PaTBroTiO FUND.--A meeting to form a branch of the abovo food in Goulbura will h;e held in the Town Hell to-night. Mr. Henry Storrier of Mummel is seriously ill with bronchial pneumonia, and the ser- vices of a trained nurse have had to be secured. The rains of a short time ago have had no efflet ripon Lake George, which is still partly -dry. Bosh Firee. - SBveral bush-fires hare -cooorred In different parts of the colony. People in Gonlburn district will need to be exceptionally careful during this month. In many plaoes the long grass is growing" right up to the edges of crops and should be cleared away at once. Patriotic Fond. - Peblio meetings have beent held at Bourke, Moes Vale, isimore, Raymond Terrace, Singleton and Tomworth -to.form branches of the patrioti foond. Lieutenant F. B. Osborne, -who is now serving with the N.S.W. Lanaere in South Afrias, is a eon of the late Mr. Alice Oaborne of Hamilton. SBweep in Western Aestralia.--Lset week the Legislative Oonneil of Western Australia affirmed that the practice of . promoting lotteries on horse-rooing would become a eodial scandal, and that it.is necesaary in the interestos of poblio morality that the law prohibiting lotteries should be rigorously enforeed.. It was also decided to transmit the motion to the Aesembly. Fire at Newcaetle.-An .outbreak of fire occurred on Friday In the publishing room of Sthe Nowoastle Herald. A quantity of paper and other etores were destroyed by fire and water. Collljion.-Damogetto the extent of £100 was done by a collision at Nowcantlp betwoen the steamer Newoaetle end the oteam.tug Energy. Bobbery at the Tivoli,-On Saturdoy last Mr. itewart obtained from the bank £120 to pay the wages of the men at work on the biuilding. He looked the money in the office for a while and on returning later the door Swan open and the whole of the money had disappeared. Fire,-A deeltruolivo fire has occurred at Nathalia (Vie.) Several business premises were destroyed. The damage is estimated at Sseveral thousan poundo. Collislo. --Tho steamer Fort Baliebury.of the Britih-obolonial line, oame into oullition with an nkonown steamer off tho Nort, and has had to bhe docked at Tilbury for repairs. The death is announced of Mr; F. D. Barnes, managing direotpr of the Peninsular and Oriental Bltooam Navigation Company. 'Death in parlinghrest Jail.-A prisoner teamed Frederick Looter, thirty.five, who had been recently sentenced to five years' imprison moet at the ceontral oriminal court, was found hanging dead in a cell in Darlinghurst jail at an early hour yesterday. The body was sooposded from the neok to on electric light iOg connection by a poir of trouser braces. SThocoroner held an inquest into the coonr ranoe to- day. Tbunoderstorm.-At Inveorll on Thuerdoy the lightning atreok a stable and it weeas burned to too ground. A valuable horse was also struok.. 