The Dispute between; the Government and the Upper House. Fob many years past the sessions of our Parliament Lave been prorogued before Christmas. f T,his session has been an exception. Premier KingT ston in a fit of democratic posing," a phase; rof, public ..life rto which: pur j parish politics 'give'niiich encourage llieutj saw-fit- to throw dustr in~the eyes of the electors in view of the general elections,- by insinuating that it was bis desire, if not to abolish the Upper House, to render it impotent apd mpn- effective as a part of the con stitu4®cfiii:: ;:;Php jpipdris:: operandi he: tookaaf^&jbling;' the electors to bring' their influence to bear to snuff oat the Upper House did not fi'ivpur of the high princfofeij fwljifeb ip%hi ifce! |ei| pected ftofii 'a politician' holding "the responsible position of Premier. He was 4 fofofon<fo;rii: 41 i* HoifeS ®of n.lsemf3y 'electors" as " whether they were in favour of the franchise for the C&alcil; hefipf dn-r£the' same basis as that of the Lower House., —adult suffrage—with the view making the country believe t that the; Council had been defying"md sembly im. av&je;^ng aduit .-imffi-age^as the basic-7 Hnd-7 Cbomril ! f?aP*chise whemposspchs measure was ever before either : bf J'thV houses. In the first place there is no provision in the coii ^ stitution for a referendum.j. secondly, |-adult suffrage'franchise forthe Upper House had never been "before Parlia ment; thirdly, every measure sent from ..the.-^iA^EUplj;;..t.lfo,_.:Uppetv House lo^enug 'the qualification of electors'of the Council has been differ ent; fourthly, there has been no cry from the country;r for .ffowering the qualification of the Upper House; and fifthly, it is only a trick of design ing politicians to throw the country into a ustate of political unrest and bitterness at a time above all others when there should be peace. The general-elections which are imminent will cause enough political turmoil without"' raising a row between the two Hdyses with a Minister object in view. Some politicians and some writers fire endeavoring to throw dust in the j.eyes of the -people by repre senting that it is the Upper House that first commenced the ^quarrel. This is a naked misrepresentation. The Upper House only defended their constitutional rights from being in vaded; and there was no other way of calling attention to thd -position but by delaying the Appropriation Bill, for if they had not done so at once the Government would have flounted them as a seti of nobodies. The quarrel,, it should-fie borne in foind, is not ; one between" tbe two ^Houses. It is a disputfi betweop tbe Government and the Upper House as to the com-; mission" of an unconstitutional act which" affects not only the Upper House, hut the Lower House also. The Government proposed to submit an important matted ; bearing on the constitution to the electors in an, un constitutional manner. '; ; Tbe'foregoing aro the reasons for. adjourning the session'over Christmas and resuming this week. It is to be hoped for the good of the country at large some solution of the difficulty will be found. It is a dispute which is to be avoided;. and- we would rather see it settled, .by., a compromise than that the country should' become an : unwilling partner; in a dispute; be' tween the Government and the Upper House;: It; is current^ in political circles that some compromise will be arrived at to end the dispute; ac whilst having the opinion that tl Council had every: reason to resent tl action of the Government we woul like to see it settled in:a manner whic would not compromise the dignity < the Upper House rather than thei should be a fight to the bitter end. The policy of the. Government, i regard to the lowering of the franchu [gof the Council has been characterise rby a pusillanimity which is extraordir ary to say the least of it. They d not seem td^uoxVHieir "pwn minds o the sabject-^at PaTl'; anci during" ti session they : h.ave:. floundered abot with the £15 franchise, the house held franchise; aud the adult siiffrag franchise j ust as the politicaL temper < the Lower House guided them. Hov then, when they do not know thei minds on the subject five minutes at time, cau they blame the Upper Hous for declining to come to a decision o se important a matter ? The attitud of the Government on this questio iijis been a veritable Chinese puzzle. • In a recent contribution to th Register the Hon J. L. Parsons puts th position forcibly and clearly thus; " There now exists in South Australia a plaii a facile, a epeedy conatitutioual means of ee tling any irreoonoilable difference between tt two Houses of Parliament. Any one of th Bills rejected by the Legislative Council du ing the present session oan be reintroduce into tbe Assembly in substantially the a an: form after the neks general elections, and .there be an absolute majority in its favor: oan be again aent to the Legialative Oounci If ;the Council again rejects the Bill the Goi ernment have it in their power to advise th Governor to dissolve both the Counoil and th Assembly, or to cause tbe eleotion of eight ac ditfonal members of the Council* If as th ieault of either mode of procedure the Oouno As tre-eleoted or1 reconstructed again rejeots th Bill, it will be self-evident that the constiti enoiea of the Legislative Council are oppose to the measure, and constitutionally it ougb not to be enacted. It may, I think, be assum ed that tbe Premier is convinced that in the matter of lowering the fraoohise for the Legislative Oonnoil he haB no hope of secur ing the assent of the majority of the exist ing voters. Be that as it may, I venture to affirm that it was and is his duty as; a member of Her.-Majesty's Privy Council,' as a oonBtitutional statesman, and as Premier of South Australia to exhaust every existing constitutional means to carry out his polioy before he either threatens to resort to an un constitutional method, and before be uses the covenient instruments' which a pliant; majority- in tbe Assembly have placed iu bis bands. Tbe Constitution Act provides for the Government of South Australia by two Chambers, and it is first and above all things incumbent on the Government-in power by courtesy and taot to maintain and promote amity and cordial ■ co-operation between the two branches of the Legislature and their constituencies. It is to the last degree un patriotic to provoke both Houses m- "either House to strife, and it is hard.to find any ade-: quale word to describe the conduot of any one who would set the whole constitutional con stituency of the Assembly against' that of the Legislative Council.-' . New Rules fob the Institute.—The Com mittee of the Kincrpig. Institute have been en gaged for some time" in considering a new code of ruleB for the management of the Institute drafted by a sub-oommittee ap pointed for the purpose. The Commitee have given the rules painstaking attention, .and at the monthly meeting held on Tuesday last their consideration was completed. A revised proof of them will, however, be submitted to a .speoial meeting of the Committee to be held on Tuesday, January 17, ■' and then they .will-be finally.passed.sb far as' the Committee is concerned to be sent on for the consideration of.the., subscribers, who .will amend them as. -thiey- see fit. andafterwards forwarded to--the < Board of Governors of the Publio Library, Art ■Gallery, and Museum for approval.'' Though"; the Committee in giving most careful con sideration to the proposed new ruleB have differed on some material points in respeot to management, taking them as a whole they are an undoubted improvement on the old code. The new code is based on the model., rules recommended by the Board of Go vernors but .there have been ; some departures, which; &he; Committee-think will L.;be :';improveineuts£ Under the old rules the Institute has pros pered, and only such changes in the..o.ld .rules 'have been made as epcperiehoe has ; proyed to bh IpSaessaty Jand Wise. -: The jiielvijqles'tpro ybn&io; radish changes; Ji&.tfa>MB<mikifeation and management of the Institute ; but they oontain a number of praotioal and useful points .-of improvemeiit.They wilbbeplpoed 5 meetuqj^° held' on Prlda^,'^January 27," and the Committee has decided that a .priuted pEOof oopy wiU be-posted to eaoh sub " edlriber~ with* ffie annual "report, which is jciroulated yearly prior to the annual meetiiig,-_ (ap\j|bhkjfeaoh subsoriber will be p]$b.e3yii position to give them oareful consideration ^ and come jdksouss The -TBioiCLEr Mail— "When we received notice friin thh-EoatalTlepartment that in fut ure the trioyole mail would be unable to oarry newspapers jute at onoe communicated with the mdmbeis' for the District, pointing out the great incouvenienoe that would be caused to the people of Luoindale, Kingston, and Robe if this, decision were oarried out; and. asked. them to do their best to have- it remedied'.' We are in receipt of communications from both Meaars-Handsyide and Peake,..showing, .that they at onoe set to work by oommunioating with the Po^talsmd Railway^Dspartnmnts^tgj gbt tlieprievahQ^ remedied. Mr. "Peske re-: ceived the following letter from the Post master-General:—"Dear Sir,—I have received your letter .covering one from Mr. Caldwell respecting; Jfehe carriage of tricycle mails to .Kingston, iLuoindale, and Robe,.; - When the. tricyole mails were first started it was agreed that the mails were not to e.v-. d J. > 'in. The weight has, however, increased to 60 lbs. I will, however, eiee -the 1 Railway' authorities and endeavour to arrange for a heavier weight being sent." We are pleased to know that a satisfactory arrangement has been arrived at between the two Departments which will en able newspapers to beloarried by the trioycle mail. Cricket.—Town v. Countbt.—The return crioket match between the town and country players will take place on the local oval to-morrow- -afternoon. The -game will 00m menob at 1.30 o'clook sharp, and; players are requested to be punctual as the previous inatch lasted till nearly seven o'clock in the evening. The teams will be pioked from the following piayera:—Country—R. Lawson, A. R. Hutchi son, E. Greeves, W. Robertson, W. Smith, sen,, W. Smith, jr., N. Smith, J. Munro, H. Munro, R. Magarey, S. Kidman, C. Kidman, and D. Molvor.. Town—A. H. Nioholls, A. Brownlees, R. Loutit, \V. Lob ban, D. James, T. Chaplin, L. Symes, C. Cock, S. Quintrell, G, Mehaffey, W. . Anson, Dr. Macmillan, W. Tonkin, and G, Brownless. Mb. J. Moyes's School.—The new school in AVellington-road, Adelaide, to which Mr. J. Moyes has beon appointed as head teacher is not nearly tinished_ yet. It contains six rooms, three of them being abont 40ft. by 20ft., one 32ft. by 20ft., and two class-rooms about 20ft. by 20ft. There is a teacher's residence to the school, and it is a larger building than the ■Narraooorte house. Mr. Moyes informs us that the position is well ohoaen, and the place a desirable one to live in. Mr. Moyes will be engaged at other work till the buildings are ready, The Nabbacoobtb School.—We mentioned in a previous issue that Mr. A. H. Peake, M.P., had, at the request of a number of parents-, who have children, attending., the Narraooorte school, "communicated with the Education Department with a view of obtain ing a suitable successor to Mr. Moyes.': .Mr. Peake has reoeived the following reply "from the Department:—"Your letter dated'6th has reached me. The Board is well aware of the sucoesses attending Mr. Moy6s' management, and has already done its best to send you a specially good teacher to succeed him, and we hope".that the Narraeoorte school-will beak flourishing in the future as it has been in the past.-^-Youra obediently, -L.-.W., Stanton, Chairman Board of Inspectors." The sohool re-opened under the management of Mr. Roaob, who;bee been transfered fromiOrdQroo in the North, on Monday, having Mr. Wittber as an additional assistant, ■ . i Harvesting.—Owing to the mora than ordir; narily cool, damp, and windy weather, which has prevailed sinoe.the:heginning of the year harvesting operations have been considerably delayed; but the hot weather during the latter end of last week enabled progress to be made There are two steam threshers in- the district busy at work—one from acrosB the Border and the other from the -vioinityof Millioent. Weather.—We had a spell of severe hot • weather on Saturday ' and Sunday, "ther mometers ranging from 96 to 100. degrees in the shade, A 000I change from the south west set in about 10 o'clook on Sunday even : ing, which was greatly appreciated. Yesterday was cool with a strong wind from the south west. . ! The Agricultural School.—An . agri- j cultural olass iu connection with the.Narra ooorte'sohool was opened on Monday morning, when eight soholars were enrolled. Mr." Wittber is, we understand, in charge of tK olass, and.has speoial qualifications and -tra ing as an. instructor in agriculture. We ! lieve^the olaes is only a commencement, anc sufficient induoement offers no doubt 1 sohool will be established in due course.' A Large Bush Fire.—So far this sumn tbe district has not been troubled with ma bush-fires ; but on Sunday night the refleoti of an extensive bush-fire could be seen Narraooorte in the direction of Moraml along the Border Town road range. On mi ing enquiries we learned that it was the mains of a fire whioh swept over a large u tion of'the grass land of Padthaway. T fire started somewhere in the vicinity of t Padthaway home-station early on Sund morning, and the day being intensely 1 with a north .wind behind it it travelled a great rate in the direction of Narraooor Between 6 and 7 o'olook in the evening it h reached within a short distanoe of the Oocl too Lake, having traversed a distance about ten miles. It just entered the Mora bro Estate when a party of station hands a: others Bet to work topre ventitB further progre Happily the wind just changed to the nor< west, whioh assisted them to divert its coui eastwards towards the scrub oountry on t range. The fire beaters were kept hard work till far into the night, when a stro south-westerly wind sprung up whioh furth aided their efforts to prevent it from spreadi to the grass land and the orops near at han We are informed that if it had not been i the timely efforts of the Morambro part reinforced by a large number of farmers in t district, 'thefire would have found its way in the orops in and around Morambro wi disastrous results. The fire must ha destroyed a large quantity of grass on Padtb way. Nareacoobte Institcte. — The ninthly meeting of the Committee of the "Narr'abborte Institute/was held on Tuesday evening, Janu 1 PrfifiBUt—Messrs. Magarey Mr0a' iT*Kv' (Tre^nror), Dr. MaomiHan (Secretary),'J.. JfoSilohcifet,, A.. Wallace, ted A; ^d«ens>li?heiS{nanoiafi • statement for December was read as ;ifol lows: —wan loau i.'>llOWB: —Building Fund—Reoeipta. £3 7s fid ; ex penditure, nil; overdraft at Bank, £9117a 6d General Fund—Receipts, £213a 6d ; expendi ture, £11 6s 2d; credit balance, £41 Is 2d. llie Seorefcary reported having received a letter requeuing that a delate be apboiuted to represent the Institute at the first Meeting of the Country Institutes'Association.—Mr. W allaoe proposed that Mr. A; H; Teike be' appointed delegate.—Seconded by Mr Mo i u6 and °,arried- It- was resolved to' hold the annual meeting of subscribers on January 27 ; that nominations be reoeived for ^?d committeemen on January 17; that the President, Vioe-PreBident' Secretary. and Treasurer be a sub committee to prepare theannual report; that the report belaid before a speoial meeting of the Committee on' Janu-' ary 17; that it be forwarded to all subscribers along with the audited balance-sheet, and that the election take place on January -27 —Mr - Moyes intimated that, he . would, tender his? resignation at the conclusion of the meet ing on aocount of leaving" district. —The Presideut said he had heard general regret expressed at Mr: Moves' departure, and he regretted his departure' very .much for m® 'Str'Ti U would be to the town.- j Mr. Wallace and others joined in expressing regret at his departure, and they knew "this regret was shared in by the whole community.; xhey also spoke of the services he had ren 55 , the Institute, and his punctual attendance - asa ■ Committeeman.- - It was resolved to recognise the services Mr. Moyes had rendered.: .to the Institute by reonrding m the -minutes the Committee's regret.-jMy.; d^vesVrotnnied thanks for the kind things Said abouttiim. He did ta"ke a \- nrj^rest 'n t'ie Institute, ;-ind though he nad aifierenoeSj-of .opinion wiitlinembers on many- matters still hoj iU- feelingjhad been en gendered. -trusted tbe Institute' would prosper, - 'A nam bar of-accounts jeers'" passed tor payment. p:T.h,eoongideratidn- ofthe new codeof ,;r^iles bifi-theiliistitute Was resumed. -.a,H..S.*0,'4. -dfiil of>time spent? in aieiidihg Jn&t; Anally, adopted. It was resolved tthatarevised proof', of the ruleaAeetrbmittedltp' ^e;£peeial. meet '"8 Oommiuee,e,^of;be"ield;?6h'^ January ™"a'eSWr Beset^tonabh.subsdiribefi,, with the annualfjBpSft with Xtheif benig snbnii ttefr'to the annuaf4heetsngbf sHb- < sorlbers. .■■■ &dNto-op;"M^iciPALij|®k;iN Some Pabtb.—r-At the Goplwa Police Chorion -'thn 10th lnst. F. A. ' D3feland; ithe "Mayor of 'r?. ,^a> .°h«ge<I: Stephen;" Cole,- ^e TowhY Clerk, with assaulting hini hiT.tlle- previous ■ Sunday evening; It appeirfed -tihstc .the Clerk : went to spend bis SjBfldayv.q raping in... lonely., quietude, and the. ileyiir disturbed his serenity by knocking at ad mittance. T.he Clerk .came to'the"floor and. threw hiin off the sbeps; air he 'thought he-had been imbibing too freely,.- The;Mayor saiddn*; was sober. - The Glerk declined "tOnpologise. and he was fined 10s." L^OTOO TJNDEB -A r MISAPPREHENSION. —-■ Mr. Seddop, -the burley Premier Of- dtfew: Zet land, has been ontioising the aotion of the South Australian Le^BlatrYe'.qounoil m as flerting their rights and privileges against an autooratio Government ; lint Mr. Seddon is : labouring -under a halluoination in thinking that the South Australian Oounoil is . invading the rights of the Lower House. The quarrel -has been brought about-by the "Government invading the constitutional rights and privi man who "attehds to fifs own ousiiilss. ' The South Australian Railway revenuefpr firsD.wcpk oLthe.new year- ahpwe an increase ■ JoiVWnw . j-oai «"cweau increase ot&2,?jj oil the "oorresponding week of fist year. 5. ; o? $. u s . The Health Act,—A new Health ape passed by the South Australian Parliament recently has been assented to and came into operation on Friday last. It oontains a num ber of drastic provisions for the preservation of the health of the people of the oolony, afid founded on reoent scientific discoveries;" , 5t BOme interest to the people of Narraooorte, as the local District Comma' have been engaged for some months pastrfn the preparation of by-laws and regulations fbiF the preservation of the health of the town The enforcement of the provisions of the Awt will be under the.direotion of a Central Board, of. Health in Adelaide, wbioh will oonsist^ fave members, three ::being appointed by the Government and two by the local Boards^ Health, one by the city and suburban Boards and the other by the local Boards throughout the oMony. dominations require to be made before the lat day of February, and the tion has to be consummated before the 1st of March.- The members-*q.elected will holdi omoe for two years. ^ The A.N:A, Fete and Ast Union.—Tiiw charities of South Australia^ill again reoeiyg the prooeeds :;firc^^ths^ale of Australia^5 datives^ Art Unitrt^'tiokets in this oolony. ouch a faot no doubt induoes many people to-^ subscribe to the undertaking. Last year, over £220 were distributed among the hospitals and public charities of this odlbny alone, th'e good objeot in view being fully appreciated'^ The managing 'ipomjguttjSeVi-ia particularly' anxious to seoure even a larger share of public? patronage than heretoft»re,:sa ,that a substan tial amount may be handed over to Che? hospitals on this occasion. The- induoement offered to thei publio to buy S^okefis is a gobdii one. The tickets" are only "one' shilling each, and they give every purchaser a obanoe to win| £1,000, or twelve months': trip round the world first class, all expenses paid, and £600 in otftto for incidentals, and there are leather prizes; ranging in value from £1 to £150.'" They may?, be obtained, from the local, agent, or froiii* Theo.: W. HHd«j: seoretary;?^' 'Gofline-stre^fe Melbaurne. The 26ch January is announced as the last day forithe'iile'ief them. Tfe undertaking is under the patronage of thf Governor, Lord Braseey, and it is the tei^h; one that is being; oarried out. A C^si.SooT,--;The;i=iHi^i,iitpa.^^cS^»- bf# Thursdayllastrrelates the fibllowingThoident:— " On Tuesday afternoon two old friends faail -ing " from -ehe -land "of—the— heather—met—i'tT Hamilton, and over a few glasses of mountain dew conversed :ih- Cljielib abofit = old r times ' Both their names hid the usuabprofix bf Mac ?' though the rest was different. One of them whs satisfied with a friendly glass, after W.hioh he went his way,, while-the other kept on imbibing till he found himself in a pretty helpless condition on the platform of the local railway station,-where a kifid friend" in'blue received him with open arms, and took him in a cab to a'seclufied place, where he oould spend the night free from further temptation Yesterday morning he had an interview with a magistrate, who gave him some good advioe and let him go.: On meeting his friend of the previous day he-related-to him his adventure winding .up his tale, with a pool remark, "As I did not wish my friends to hear of this affair I borrowed yqur name." His friend's name will be kept in the reoords of the police court; , r Auctmn Sales. - -The Mount Soott Station will be offered by publio auction by Mr L DeGaris at his auction mart to morrow, and at the same time and plaoe a shop and dwelling at Kingston will, be offered. On Friday Mr! L. DeGaris will hold his Narraooorte market sale, for whioh 4,350sheep have been catalogued up to date. B Nakbacooete Hospital.—A meeting of the contributors to the Narraooorte Hospital will . held ac the Xnscitute on Wednesday even ing, ithe business being to oonsider tbealtera | tion of the rules with a view, of reducing the | qualification of members of the Board and of the voters. Monev Makes the Mare to go.—During the year 1898 the total amount of £26S 156 15s passed through the totalizator at the various race meetings held in South Australia. Of this amount £221,640.10s was invested on the poutees, and the balance of £4b,516 5s was lnvestedin totea at countryyaoe SMP* being credited With £21,43a of the total. The various'"?olubB oollectively benefited to ihe extent of £20 ill Iob from the machine, and charities must also have benefited considerably. A Record not Yet Ponctobed.—A num ber of people in the South-East have .been wondering what beoameof Oonder, a Victorian oyolist, who star led during the holidays to break Kuxs record overland between Ade laide and Melbourne Information has come to hand that he stopped at Meningie. We have not heard what " bike" he was riding. Tm: Fedebal Conference—The Premier on Wedneeday evening forwarded a telegram to the Hon.G. H. Reid, Premier of New South Wales, assenting to the holding of a conference of the Premiers of toe Australian colonies for the purpose of considering the alterations in the Commonwealth Bill suggested bv the New South Wales Parliament, and agreeing to the plase and date suggested. The tele i1 ^fr to the suggestion that ss*M,dh.'&sre;^ri'ed k b« tJSfHp S'jBodts-Easthen Drainage Com Miss ION. r-rQ.'i, W ed n ead ay last the members 8f. theS.K.Mai8.ge Commission visited .Milli-' cent,: andwere; on arrival met by repre ientati^aa pf the Distriot Councils of Moimt Muirlmaidj. May urra, and Beachport. The 10buriimiSoittL. spent Wednesday inspecting ;the distribt ^with the view of seeing what efffict draining the land has had, and if the resuitferof^thb drainage justified the expen diture of more money on further drainage. The Milhoent correspondent to the Border Watch thus desoribas the day's trip:—"The bourse taken was over the bridge on the'piain Jdtaid, andalong the Penola road td Mardske'-s, bridge, drain 29. The bridge was crossed, and the" old"Tele'graph roadT61lowed'""fo-ctraih'391 En route some splendid wheat crops were seen,, and grass inabundanoe. Leaving ■ the Tele-, graph road,-drain 39 was followed and crossed' at its junction with drain '64, by Holzgrefe'e,: where a stop-was made. -■.■ Gommg down thd., drain'sptedddl grass paddocks-were-seen oir^ both' sides, and it was pointed .out-.to.the members that that land as.far. as rtey isjijld see was absolutely useless before being drained, being under water nearly -all the jear. , An in apection - was. made of Mri Holzgrefe's farm, and the visitors were loud in their praise of What they saw. The farmia,: Without" ooubty well worth a visit, if only-.to-show-what-one. ■ban can do by energy and thrift... Byery.con venience is on the farm,' :a.nd the 'hdnie8tead-| and outbuildings are models of neatness and comfort. A resumption of the jourhby being made, drain. 64 was followed to the Old - Tele-. graph road, along which theCoursewas steered; to drain 42, Varebe's corner. Here.luncheon;, i tor which the keen morning had "m'ade isS! *j ready, was enjoyed. . On resuming, the -in- J spection, draih/42 wis followed fom'ain diain^ 36, which was crossed at Grafter's- bridge,-and the course shaped thence for Murrjunbum. The cheesej^-facitpiy was inspected^ ancU bheese sampled, iwfaich: Was -prenonnfeeds. first-class. The process of oheese-making was watched with much interest. iSrhifc factory wasjreferred to.as.09e of thejeaulta^t the drainagebf (Vb taud.' r The SnUgghiaMandf. were then inspeot'edyand draih 56 tvafffolloWed down to drain 47 exteasionT^ftud'Tr'cdOTSF" 5ollpwed:4kmg-tfais dratn aoros's the Hbneyyr: suckle Flat to. the. Range toad. ,. AJLopg j this , road some Bple'ndid grizing'paddbeke were seen bad admired. Thepartydroyg^thenoe along the RfiugefSadTiy GomSih to Glen's bridge, and then home along drain 36. Driving along the RangerOad-a splendid view- was obtaitiedj of tkeWyne.f Eompobhya'nd Mayurra drained; swamps. ^Atden's bridge "'the effect of wind on the adjacent peat lands was apparent, though nothing like it was last year. it-war pointed out that to remove the drifted peat from the drain at dam and drain :47- bosti the. Mayurra Council £150 (if not more) last year. The route taken enabled the members of^ the Commission trfMully realize the ""Immense benefit that has followed "the drainage of the lands, and they weire unanimously of opinion that the expenditure was "fully justified. Those of the Commission who had never before seen the country were astounded at what" they,: saw, and were loud in their praise of the signs' of prosperity everywhere visible." At Milli cent on Thursday the Commission - sat; in the Courthouse, and took evidenoe with regard to the Mount Hope soheme and further drainage of the diatriot. : The proceedihgs.Were open to the public. . The evidence was; principally 4n favor of the Mount Hope scheme, though there was some opposition. Alesars. Geoghegan, Malone, Bellinger, Manhood, Mullins, T, Crowe, J. Peck, J.; J-.-Osman; R.-MpDerurid, W. Varooejiatid" Ti MbOourt:- gavClevielebce, and the Commission sat hearing the evidenoe all day. On Friday the Commission inspected - the Mount Hope lauds and site of proposed drainage, and on the. way.-they, eawi .Bpme splendid crops. On Saturday morning the Commission drove to Kalangadoo and o&ught; the tram there and proceeded as far as Penolay where they remained over Sunday, returning to Adelaide by yesterday's train. The* Com missioner of Publio Works and Mr. McDonald; spent Sunday in. Mount Gambier, jand ithp Hon. J. L. LewiB and the Seoretary (Mr. Bailey) returned to Adelaide by Saturday's train. Mr. Peake also returned to Narracoorte on Saturday. In about three weeks1 time -the Commission will make another visit to the South-Bast, and inspect -the Penola-country; the Bool Lagoon, Lake Cadnite, and other places that requests have been made to have drained. They will not draw up their report till after September, when they will make a visit to Bee the country in its flooded' con dition. . .- - The Labour: Party and She Elections.— The Adelaide Labour Party are busy-organ izing their forces to capture seme country con stituencies. They have just taken a ballot for nine additional candidates to •ailot.tji various: districts, and the ohoice has fallen upon A ."A. Kirkpatrick, printer; D. H. Griffin, railway employee; J. Z. Seller, grooer, Adelaide; F. S. Wallis, compositor ; G. Bastard,rr bath manager Adelaide; C. B. Bran, Bootiriaker, Adelaide; G. Dankel, butcher, Kensington; J. Healey, salesman, Adelaide; J.. Hoskimt,. draper," Norwood. The only one who has a national fame is Mr. Kirkpatrick; but there may be the makings of sbme statesman lb' the Others.; There are already what are termed nine Labour members in the Assembly, and there fire a number of hapgers-on. ,If theJLS find seats in the next - Parliament thdif We'cair look forward to South Australia reaching the. millennium sooner than was thought, ancl then we will be as happy as happy can be with our Mollies and babies. The Labour Couuoil will allot the men chosen -to., the district's,idue're gard being paid if possible.to the requests of. the Committees- The Party has' also' cfeoid ed by a large majority that in future the Bitting members' names will be submitted to the ple bisoite'along with , the new. names. .This .will prevent a monopoly; pf Barliampbtaryjhobof' by a number of the party who have enjoyed it for Jmany_.yeara, -It-will—fee-interesting to know what districts the candidates will be allotted.to.. _ . . . „ ; Meeting op Parliament.—It was confi dently expected that the last, session..of . the present Parliament wouldbe prdtegtie&ijiffdre;* Christmas as usual; but what is termed a political crisis intervened to prevent the necessary business being got through to enable the session to be closed. Adjournments of both houses were therefore necessary. The cause of the crisis was a dispute between jhe, Government and the Legislatiye Counoil in I' reference to a referendum the Go veijmijen£prp-: 1 posed to take of all the electors of tfie pfoyinpe in respect to the basis of thefrau'oinse' of "the': Council without consulting Parliament.- ; Tbe LegislativeCounoil will meet-to-day(Tuesday )r: and the House of Assembly will me£tpn: Wednesday. It is generally expeefed;(writes: the Register) that the Ap|jropriatieii;>BiR wiU be passed without very much; difloussioh; and returued to the Aasembly,- and thatpiB LojHK, House will then" be in: the. < mciodJjat^Sd jou^^ ing. The report is ourrerit thkt^ithe^feov^i ment will aBk both Houses „to. ad jburn about a month, so that aD opportUhitj^n^y4)e.0 afforded Parliament to diacuss itS^ie-~:-'tl^ the forthcoming: Premiers'.-^onfere federation. In that case the neoessity summoning a'speoial session-to discuss, the., federal question would bfe . dqiwrfljwayj.^iHii'j and Parliament-would not be pDarbgUe^vpntuf after the February _meetihg;1 feRichlJ^iulfili practically be a continuation.jQf-the present J session. " A Terrible Cyclone.—A telegram from Gayundah (Queensland) states that., Keenan has passed, through ffG$n|St. with 1,100 builooks for Widgen Station. Keenan reports that between HawkejW'cipih&JhH;'i Dykehead his oamp was struck' bjl aMsi cyclone. Three of his horses were swept ovm: ■aieteep bank and killed. ' • Tfee vnml tr'avelleS-' at the rate of fully 100 miles an hour, and passed over in leBB than1 bile mitrifth?-' Mr/ Keenan's report goes on—"Then'« eldud^ex-! ploded, and over 5 inobes of rain, aooompanied by hailstones large enough to .kill a horse, fell, within 20 minutes. 1 attentats found everyj tree for twenty miles by three miles wide destitute of all their leavie; ^nd -sfftall limbii j Kangaroo rats, birds, and other animals wot killed, and dead possums -were: seen noi ml) . directions next morning.:...Magpies, jackasses,i| and other birds were also seen dead every; where ; in fact nothing in its course escaped either being killed or more or less hurt.' T'was knocked off my horse aCvetuV times, aifd'obly1 for getting in the shelter of a large tree, and wrapping my waterproof zoat round fog head,, t I ;must surely have been killed on the epo6.° f Twenty-four hours after the storm jt -was-l possible to gallop a horse over the hailstones without touohing the earth, and I venture to { say such a storm a white man never before • witnessed in this colony. " My 1,100 bullcioks . were swept:in all dire^tip^nsrjSomaiwere-dteJ.I oovered iive miles away. - It took eight- httfid^i three days to put them together again." Keenan's oook, named WilBon, sayB the des cription of the storm given by Keenan. is -trus in every partiouiar, except that it is rather mildly drawn, as there was considerably: more than five inohes of rain.- Wilson mrt with an' accident: during the storm, his horse falling:. with him. Keenan was badly knocked about, :| but was able to go. on .with the cattle, whose eecape from loss of iife was remarkable. Standard1 Weight of Wheat.—The Ade laide Chamber of Commerce has fixed the standard weight of the seatou'a wheat at 63 lbs. 