[?] ? 0 ? THE OLD CELEBRATIONS IN SYDNEY AND THE NEW. THE FESTIVALS OF FIFTY YEARS. RECOLLECTIONS OF PLUNKETT, DALLEY ^AND DENIEHY. A ROLL-CALL OF 'THE OLD GUARD.' HOW THE PUBLIC HOLIDAY WAS KEPT UP IN 1867, THE SHOOTING OF THE PRINCE AND THE MANUFACTURED '-FENIAN CON SPIRACY. During the first half of ' this so-called nineteenth century,' the Drowning of the Shamrock had no place in the public celebration of St. Patrick's Day. I am speaking, of course, of Sydney. Even up to 1850 the banquet era had not set in — nobody bothered to get up picnics and sports on a large Bcale, nor had the idea of holding what we call a 'monster demonstration' entered into the mind of the most advanced thinker. There were plenty of good sterling Irishmen in those days, men who were as sound in their patriotism as they were fervent in their faith as Catholics. But instead of making a noise and throwing themselves into wild excitements on the Seventeenth of March, they ?were content to go to Mass, say their prayers, and have their orderly little festivities under their own roof- trees. So things went on for several succeed ing years. O 0 O Here is a faithful chronicle of St. Patrick's Day as it was ' kept up' in 1851 : — 'The congregations at the early Masses in the ? churches were numerous, but St. Patrick's was full to overflowing at the Pontifical High Macs cele brated by Archbishop Polding, who was attended by Archdeacon M'Encroe and the clergy of the city. The excellent choir of St. Mary's Cathedral officiated (sic) and seemed to excel their own well known musical reputation, and the organ was played to great advantage. The discourse was de livered by the Rev. Mr. Brennan. The chaplain of the Spanish man-o'-war, who assisted at the ceremonies, seemed surprised at the exquisite ?workmanship and decorations of St. Patrick's, and larity and precision with which all the ceremonies of the Feast were performed. In the evening, the Disciples of Total Abstinence assembled in very strong muster to. spend a Festive Evening in St. Patrick's Hall. The President, Archdeacon M'Encroe, made some short and impressive remarks on the social and moral blessings of Perfect Abstin ence from all intoxicating liquors. Many then took the pledge. The band performed several pieces of music in good style. A few songs werp sung. The Archbishop addressed the large as sembly on the advantages of Total Abstinence. Thus ended St. Patrick's Day in Sydney in 1851, and may all who passed this happy day in such an edifying and innocent manner live to spend many such days amongst us.' i The Archdeacon was a tremendous Temperance enthusiast, and his influence must have been truly great when he could get a big crowd of Irishmen together in the stuffy hall under St. Patrick's Church to listen to Total Abstinence lectures and Total Abstinence band tunes — his own brass band, by the way — on St. Patrick's Night. Father Mathew never had a bigger triumph, o o o The annual banquet commenced to put in its fine work in 1854. The dinner, as they called it in those days of simple phrases, was held in a new hotel just.erected at the corner of George and Margaret street?. The house was kept by a big American coloured party by the name of Johnson. It was quite a gtyhsh affair, and Sir Roger Therry (then Mr. Justice Therry) was chairman. There is no re cord that I can put my hand on of a dinner in '55. But in '56 Sir Charles Gavan Duffy arrived, and local Irishmen were put upon their mettle. This time there was a 'grand bano'i^t' in the Old Prince of Wales Theatre. Will'- -u Bede Dalley on the occasion made his first big pi- ; eh. The follow ing year the Irish citizens n-t free the genial currents of the soul in a banquet at John Clark's Assembly Rooms, in Elizabeth-street— now _ the headquarters of the Royal and the Linnean Society. There was some hitch about the chairman, and John Davis, nephew of old 'Billy' Davis the '98 man, at the unanimous request of the committee — of which he was a hardworking member— -presided. Sir William Denison arrived about this time as Governor. Sir William, while in Tasmania, had in 1851 made things very disagreeable for John Mitchel, Thomas Francis Meagher, Smith O'Brien, and the other Irish exiles. Three of the '48 patriots, M'Manus, Dr. O'Doherty, anclO'Donohue, were, presumably under Denison's orders, im prisoned for going outside of a prescribed district. The Jiirip-pB iii Hnhnrt nrnnnunrad the detention of these gentlemen illegal. To mark their sense of indignation, the Irish banqueters in Sydnev deli berately struck out the customary toast of 'The Governor.' When Sir John Young, a large hearted and liberal-minded Irishman, came on the scene later as Governor, the toast was restored to the list. o o o Permit me now to introduce to the 1899 Irish Australian some of the men who figured in the St, Patrick's Day celebrations in the fifties and the sixties. First and foremost we have the Hon. John Hubert Plunkett, the ablest and most courageous of our Attorney-Generals. After him Daniel Henry Deniehy, William Bede Dalley, Peter Fau cett (afterwards senior Judge of the Supreme Court), and Sir Terence Aubrey Murray, Speaker of the Legislative Council, and father of Major Murray, now at the head of our Irish Rifles ; then Denis Kearney ( »vho kept the Brougham Tavern in Pitt-street, at which the meetings for Irish purposes were held) : Lawrence Corcoran, shipbuilder and owner (he had a vessel called the ' Wild Irish Girl' ; I think some of the patriots of '48 got away to California in her); Jeremiah Moore, bookseller, James Butler, Dan Robinson, Mat Lacey, Michael Guilfoyle, Willinm Curtayne. Thomas and Morgan O'Neill, James L. Clinton, Patrick MacMahon (of the Bond), Mat Molony, Joe Carroll (the solicitor), Owen Joseph Caraher, Denis (better known as ' Dan') Donovan, Tiiehard Oleary, Patrick Free hill, Bernard Gaffney, Henry Cummins, P. O'Doud, James Madden, Thomas M'Caffrey, Farrelly (of the wharf). M. Macnamara (merchant and shipowner), Edward M'Encroe, James Hart. M. P., Eyre Ellis (solicitor), Patrick Hogan, John Hourigan, John and William M. Davis (nephews of William Davis of '98 celebrity), Dick Cooke, Richard Creagh, Captain M'Dermott (father of the M'Dermotts of Orange), Patrick O'Connor, Robert Forster, M.P. (solicitor), John V. Gorman (of Mort and Co.), Michael MacDermott (of the Customs), M. Fay, P. O'D. Molony, John Woods (Manly Beach), M. Casey (Mathematical Master at old St. Mary's School), J. F. Dwyer (Model School, St. Benedict's), R. R. Bailey, J. O'Callaghan, William Dolman (for many years secretary io me Danquet committee;, vjeorge Hurley, J. G. O'Connor, John Armstrong, John D. Garvan, J. J. Curran, P. J. Grogan, Richard Mooney, Michael Riley, James Coleraan, Lawrence Moran, J. V. Macdermott, Richard O'Sulliyan (of the Freeman, and brother of A. M, and T. D, Sullivan), E. J. Rubie, Thomas O'Neill, Andrew Lenehan, J. Sheridan Moore, M. Shalvey, P. Mulcahy, E. F. Flanagan, John Barlow. Dr. Gil hooley, J. J. Spruson, P. Mulroney, Mr. Darcy (one of the founders of the Freeman), James Mullins, Timothy Maher, the Very Rev. Dr. Forrest (Rector of St. John's College), William Augustine Duncan (Collector of Customs), and Sir John Robertson. ooo Nearly all these gentlemen (including Sir John Robertson) were members of the ' Celtic Associa tion' (afterwards the Irish National League), a branch of which had been established here by the late Michael O'Grady, of Melbourne, who came over to Sydney to meet Charles Gavan Duffy. The Celtic Association had rooms in King-street, next the present Star and Garter Hotel. About this time John Hubert Plunkett, Archdeacon M'Encroe, Daniel Henry Deniehy, and others lectured before the Association. Deniehy's principal lecture was on the ' Life and Genius of Thomas Davis.' v^ \j vj But we are getting off the track of the St, Patrick's Day ce?ebrations. In 1858 and '59 the banquets had become popular, and were held in Clark's room3 — most of the already-named gentle men forming the committee- In I860 the celebra tion was in the ' Exchange,' and was a great affair. It was at this banquet — John Hubert Plunkett in the chair — that Deniehy made one of the moat brilliant speeches ever delivered in Australia. When he recited ' Who Fears To Speak Of '98 r' visitors in the hotel next door thought there was an earthquake, the applause was so terrific. The whole company rose and cheered again and again, the ladies in Mie gallery waving their handkerchiefs and applaud iiig to no end. poo Mrs. Deniehy attended that banquet — as a opec tator. Mr. J. G. O'Connor, speaking of the occa sion come years ago, told me that he was 'steward' for the ladies. ' J. G.' at that time waa a sprightly young party. He had the honour of see ing Mrs. Deniehy home. Brilliant ' little Dan,' unable to free himself from his crowd of ad mirers, stayed behind ' to have another Cruisknen Lawn.' The wine bill thot night came to £90. How Archdeacon M'Encroe must have lifted his eyebrows when he heard it. At the '58 banquet John Hubert Plunkett presided. The Attorney General arrived with a black-cloth 'dress' hat, one of the sort to fold up flat when not in use. Plunkett pressed the hat and put it under his arm. A gentleman from the country saw this perform ance, and not to be out uf the fashion — as he thought — squeezed and crushed his own new tall silk hat, thus destroying its beauty and utility for ever. ooo The '61 banquet was again at Clark's (if I am wrong, J. G. O'Connor will surely correct me), and the '62 one at Manly. The late Hon. John Suther land, in responding to the toast at Manly, launched out on the greatness of the character of St. Patrick. He said that 'the Apostle had not only looked after his people and Ireland, but followed them out to America.' Richard Creagh promptly rose and said the burly Scotsman was bringing St. Patrick into contempt. It was only after Sutherland clumsily explaining that he was thinking of Father Mathew, the Apostle of Temperance, that peace was restored. But John Sutherland could never be in duced to speak to an Irish toast again at the ban quets, though he attended many after. The next banquet, a most successful one, was held at Houri gan's Sir John Young Hotel, in William-street, Mr. Justice Faucett in the chair. On account of a ' split,' a second Irish banquet was held that j'ear at Fox's Hotel at the corner of King and Castle reagh streets. In the following years the St. Pat rick's Day regatta was held, with dinner and speeches on board the flagship. An ' Irish' trip to Parramatta and back — two hours each way — was also indulged in as a mild sort of dissipation. Occasionally a picnic was held down the harbour. 0 0 0 In '67 St. Patrick's Day was proclaimed by the Government a Public Holiday. The religious celebration was on Saturday (March 17), and the secular outing on the following Monday — the holi day. The general public responded to the official invitation, and banks, mercantile houses, and most of the retail shops were closed. With exquisite taste the Government had Scott the murderer executed that day, and the nomination of a repre sentative for East Sydney also took place. The regatta (which for some few years back had taken the place of the annual banquet) was well attended. Mr. Westgarth, manager of the Queensland Steam Navigation Company, and a member of the cele bration committee, obtained the use of the A.S.N. Company's City of Adelaide as the flagship. Herr Appel's German band supplied Irish music. In the regatta Richard Driver and Mr, Lamb acted respectively as starter and umpire. The firing of the signal gun was entrusted to the Naval Brigade. Among the visitors on board were Sir Terence Aubrey Murray, the Mayor of Sydney, W. B. Dalley, Alderman James Butler, James Hart, M.P., Sir William Maeleay, Mr. G. B. i Barton, Mr. Patrick Freehill, Alderman Owen i Caraher, Mr. John Hughes, Mr. James Mullins, Mr. R. O'Sullivan (Editor of the Freeman), Mr. Wil liam Dolman, Mr. Joseph Carroll, Mr. John Houri Pfftn: D ? ? 0 O O Sir T. A. Murray presided at the luncheon, and Mr. Dalley spoke to the toast, 'The Memory of 8t. Patrick— the Day We Celebrate.' Mr. G. B. Barton, speaking as an Australian, alluded to Daniel Deniehy, ' who was without doubt the first in intellect of all the native-born of Australia. Like the Roman Senator who every year brought forward his motion for the destruction of Carthage, and like the legislator who year after year brought forward his annual motion in favour of the ballot, he (Mr. Barton) trusted that on every St. Patrick's festival the name of Mr. Deniehy would ba brought forward, that his intellect and his talents might never be forgotten in New South Wales.' ooo Mr. G. B. Barton, as a member of the Bar and as a literary man, knew what he was saying when he used, in 1867, the words just quoted. Singularly enough, on the eve of St. Patrick's Day celebration in 1899, we have Mr. Barton giving us, at the close of a set of articles on the life and times o Went ! worth (published in an evening contemporary), this admirable little picture of Deniehy as an orator. I cannot resist the temptation to reproduce it :— ' Wentworth, in the early fifties, had locally car ried his Bill giving us Responsible Government and our Parliamentary Constitution. In order to strike while the iron was hot, a meeting was held by the Radicals three days after the vote was taken. It took place on open ground near the Circular Quay, on the 5th September, and attracted an audience of some 4000 or 5000. The early speakers were quite eclipsed, in point of oratorical power, by a new figure on the political stage — Daniel Henry Deniehy, a young man of 24, and a son of the soil, already distinguished by his literary attainments. He appeared to second a resolution pledging the meeting to resist the formation of any second Chamber not based on popular suffrage. His argu ment consisted chiefly of satirical allusions to the hereditary title clauses; but his command of lan guage was still more noticeable than his satire, and gave him at once a high reputation for eloquence with the promise of a very brilliant career in public life. The effect produced on the audience was shown in the fact that, although the shades of evening had begun to fall soon after he had opened out his subject, the crowd insisted on his continu ing ; and even when they were shrouded in dark ness, loud bursts of applause encouraged him to go on. His line of. argument was novel and original, and was richly illustrated with allusions to famous passages in English history. The eloquence of the speech was too dazzling for critical interjections.' ooo Now we come to 186S, the year of the at tempted assassination of the Duke of Edinburgh. Although the Government, .which included Sir James Martin, an Irish-Australian, and Sir Henry Par kes, refused to proclaim the 17th of March a. public holiday, the Irish citizens decided to hold the regatta, and a ball and supper in the evening. These details were arranged at meetings held in Punch and M'Grath's hotel, and at Michael Shal vey's old hotel in Market-street, near Hyde Park. Thomas O'Neill was chairman; the Governor, Lord Belmore, had given his patronage, and the flagship was engaged. A deputation of Irish citizens had', waited on John Hubert Plunkett, to ask him to take the chair at the supper. He had to decline, as he was about starting for Melbourne ; but he said — ' Why don't you go in and ask Sir Terence Murray (this was at the Legislative Council Chambers)? he is un questionably a good Irishman,' Sir Terence at once consented, but ' the shooting ' stopped all. On the 12th of March the wretched lunatic O'Far rell shot the Prince at Clontarf. At once the regatta and ball were put off. There was no Irish, celebration. The Fenian Conspiracy cry was raised by Parkea and Martin, and something like a 'reign of terror' lasted for orer a year. The passing mad ness found form and expression in the Treason Felony Act — a piece of infamous legislation framed by Parkes' and Martin with the undisguised object of discrediting the Irish Catholics of the colony. Orangeisrn got its first start in Australia during those bitter days. Any Irishman or Catholic who refused to drink to the health of the Queen at a dinner party or in a public -house bar was branded as a rebel, and liable to prosecution for treason. To whistle 'The Wearing of the Green' in public was accounted sedition in the third degree. 0 0 0 Here let m ' drink the memory ' of Sir 'William. Macleay, William .Forster, Sir John Robertson, Sir John Hay, and the few other Protestants who stood by us, in Parliament and out of it— guarding our liberties, defending our rights, and saving the fair name of the colony from unspeakable dis honour. And lest we forget. Let us recall with reverence and gratitude the name of Father John Dwyer (the grandson of Michael Dwyer, the Rebel Chieftain of Wieklow), who completely outwitted Parkes in the 'Kiama Ghost ' plot. Parkes pub licly declared that O'Farrell had confessed to the existence of a widespread Fenian organization in New South WaleB, with which many well-known Irishmen were connected. He boasted that he held a sensational confession to that effect, but which 'for grave reasons' could not be made public. Father John, as gaol chnplain, copied the condemned man's confession (the one held by Parkes) when it was made in Darlinghurst. In this confession O'Farrell solemnly declared that there was no such organiza tion, and that he stood alone in his rash and sense less act. The confession was handed to Sir William Macleay, who, when- Parkes refused to make the contents known, dramatically read his own copy in Parliament. The exposure was complete. That night every Irishman and every Catholic in Sydney said ' God bless Macleay and Father John.' o o o At Clontarf the anti-Irish feeling had its origin 31 years ago. Last year our Ninety-Eight Com - memoration Committee, headed by Dr. C. W. MacCarthy, entertained the Melbourne and Queens land delegates at a picnic on those ' historic ' grounds. The visitors from the other colonies asked to be shown ' the spot where the Prince was shot.' There was no difficulty in finding the tree, which had been planted by some sweetlysenti mental loyalist whilst the cry in Sydney was 'Down with the Fenians !' The tree, a rather miserable looking pine, is near the beach, and is 'protected ' by a badly-broken fence, which could not have cost less than 10 6d to put up. Perhaps, after all, there ?was a fitness in the 1898 Irish invasion at Olontarf. The gathering marked the complete passing away of the brutal and unreasoning prejudice which 30 years ago spread like a bushfire from Clontarf. Well, it may or may not have been poetic justice, but it was, at least, a circumstance full of happy signi ficance that the Ninety-Eighters, men and women, made the place echo and re-echo with ' God Save Ireland,' ' The Wearing of the Green, and ' Who Fears to Speak of Ninety-Eight ?' o o o A picnic and luncheon on St. Patrick's Day was the form of celebration after the ill-fated year of 1868\. The chief feature' recorded was the wet ?weather. At the last of these St. Patrick's Day celebrations down the harbour, if my memory serves me rightly,' the rain poured down all the bleesed day. The luncheon or banquet was held in a big tent, which was so admirably constructed as to necessitate the use of umbrellas when the company sat down. Sir Terence Aubrey Murray occupied the chair. The ducks and other poultry swam on the tables, and the pastry went through a pro gramme of aquatic events worthy of the Anniver sary Day regatta. It was at one of these luncheons that ?' Jim' G-arvan made the stirring speech on 'The Day We Celebrate,' which led to his 'retirement' from the Town Hall, in which he held a good position. o oo In the seventies the Hibernian Society took the National celebration into their hands. On two or three occasions the A.H.C. Guild assisted. These '? demonstrations ' usually wound up with a theatrical performance at the old Victoria Theatre in Pitt-street. On one memorable St. Patrick's Night, Augusta Dargon recited ' Fontenoy' as it has never since been given in Sydney. The Hiber nian celebration generally took the form of a pro cession through the streets, and a gathering-of-the clans picnic at Chowder Bay, and year after year Mr. Daniel O'Connor revived 'the glories of Erin' in stirring eloquence under that big fig-tree near the beach at' Chowder. In 1881 more than 3000 people assembled at Chowder Bay fete and sports. Mr, J. W. Walshe was present as the representative of the Irish National Land League. In the evening there was a Ladies' Land League ball and concert. The last Hibernian fete was at Chowder in 18.84. Mr. John Desmond Fitzgerald was the orator. In the morning, at St. Mary's Cathedral, the statue of St. Patrick, presented by the Hibernians, was pub licly unveiled, the late Dean Mahony delivering an address. ooo Of course, everyone knows all about the immense St. Patrick's Day demonstration at Botany in 1883. It was 'the Redmond year.' Feeling ran high then. All the daily papers were down on the ited monds — it was Boon after James Carey's infamous Phoenix Park 'revelations' implicating Parnell and the Irish National Party. J. G. O'Connor had taken the chair at the first .Redmond meeting in Sydney — when a riot was expected and even pub licly predicted — and it was announced that ' J. G.' would preside at Botany. The Ministry, including Dalley and Sir Patrick Jennings, was ' friendly' and anxious to prevent ' bloodshed.' Sir Alexan der Stuart (Premier) sent for Mr. O'Connor a few evenings before the celebration. At the House Sir Alexander asked, ' What force of police should we Bend?' Mr. O'Connor said, 'Don't send a single extra man' — pledging his honour that everything would go ?well. Henry Copeland, Minister for Works, who was present in the Ministers' room, said, 'You can take O'Connor's word for it; he knows what he is talking about.' And wasn't it ' a great day for Ireland '? Beauti ful weather, 10,000 people, any amount of fun, not a single case of drunkenness — not enough disorder to take the down off a butterfly's wing. In the pavilion rattling speeches were made by John and William Redmond, and Irish songs were sung by Marie St. Clair, 'Daddy' Hallewell, and poor Pietro Paladini, who gave 'The Last Rose of Summer' in Italian. There was a banquet in the evening in Needs's Room, Liverpool- street, at which. Mr. J. P. Garvan, M.P., presided, and the speeches were made by Sir Patrick Jennings (Yice President of the Executive Council), Mr. John Redmond, M.P., Mr. Henry Copeland, M.P., the Hon. R. B. O'Connor, Sir John Robertson, Dr. Goode, Mr. Daniel O'Connor, M.P., Mr. W. T. . Coonan, M.P.; Mr. James Toohey, M.P., Mr. J. G. O'Ryan, and Dr. Power. ooo The year 1885 saw the establishment of the 'United Irish Societies' Demonstration (including the Hibernians) at Botany, under Mr. F. B. Free hill's direction. Many hundreds of pounds were ' raised for ' the cause ' in the old land. This cele bration, in aid of the Irish Evicted Tenants' Fund and the Irish Parliamentary Fund, was continued annually, and carried out enthusiastically, with the time-honoured procession from St. Benedict's, till 1895\. It was then announced that the Cardinal Archbishop would personally place himself at the head of the 1896 celebration. ooo This is becoming rather dry. We must get back to our banquets. After the Parkes-O'Farrell trouble, the banquet was 'dropped.' When the manu factured Fenian Conspiracy storm blew over, the banquets were resumed. I believe I am correct in saying that a feast of reason and a flow of soul was held (with the seemingly indespensible ' J.G.') early in the seventies at the old place, Clark's rooms, and another at Sandringham, George's River, in 1876. There was a banquet at the Masonic Hall in 1881, with Mr. Daniel O'Connor, M.P., in the chair. The chairman, who had already spoken at the Hibernian celebration at Chowder in the afternoon, was privately requested to steer clear of ' Home ' politics at the banquet. He kept his promise till very near the end of his speech. Then he threw off all restraint, and cast a bombshell amongst the timid ones. ' Gentlemen,' he said, ' with regard to the present agitation, I must say I believe the efiortB now being made in Ireland by Charlea Stewart Parnell in every way challenge the respect and admiration of every mem ber of her Majesty's dominions, whether they be English, Irish, or Scotch. His efforts in rousing England to the danger that threatened her are as noble as the action taken by John Hampden to wards King Charles. One of the greatest measures of justice and relief that the English nation can give to Ireland is Home Rule.' ooo Sir John Robertson, who believed in Home Rule but could not swallow Parneil, protested at the banquet against the praise of Parnell, ?who was then making things very lively in the Imperial Par liament. Sir John spoke of 'the wild, unthinking party.' He did not agree with Parnell's violent conduct, ' which did no good for the people of Ire land, the British nation, or the Irish leader's own repute as a statesman.' However, 'Dan' had had his say, and, as it subsequently proved, he judged Parnell a great deal better than Sir John, ooo The big banquet ' revival' was in 1882. In this revival the leading spirits were : — Sir Patrick Jennings, Mr. R. E. O'Connor, Q.C. (now Judge), the Hon. J. T. Toohey, M.L.C., the Hon. T. Dalton, Sir W. P. Manning, Mr. Daniel O'Connor, Mr. Philip Sheridan, Mr. John Hughes, Mr. John Baxter, Mr. T. M. Slattery, Mr. James Toohey, M.P., Mr. William Ellard (' Timothy Fogarty'), Mr. Thomas Curran (now member of the House of Commons), Mr. J. G. O'Ryan, Mr. William Hughes, Mr, Robert Sheridan, Mr. P. Stanley, Mr. R,. Prendergast, Dr. Power, Mr. John Bridge, Mi. W. J. Hickey, Mr. Frank Punch, Mr. John M'Evoy, Dr. M. J. Clune, Dr. Joseph Beattie, Captain Mat Byrne, Mr. E. O'Farrell, Dr. M'Donagh, Mr. Mar tin Cherry, Mr. J. F. Hennessy, Mr. Frank M'Carthy, Mr. M. Hogan (John Dynon and Sons), Mr. P. R. Larkin, Mr. John Desmond Fitzgerald, Mr. P. J. Healey (Crown Prosacutor), Mr.'j. P. Gnrvan, Dr. W. E. Warren, Dr. Goode, Mr. T. C. O'Mara, M.P., Mr. Thomas Butler, Mr. F. B. Freehill, Mr. Christopher Moore, Mr. J. Gr. O'Con nor, Mr. M. M. M'Girr, Mr. W. J Ferris, M.P., Mr. W. T. Coonan, M.P., Mr. M. P. Meagher, Mr. R. J. Dunford, Mr. P. T. Riley, Mr. Valentine Heaton, Mr. C. G. Heydon, Q.C, and the Hon, L. F. Heydon.M.L.C. 0,0 O Mr. Macdermott, of Botany, writing to the Freb man on March 12, 1882, said : — ' I am glad indeed to notice that the old system of celebrating St. Patrick's Day is revived in the colony. This is exactly what it used to be a quarter of a century ago, in the days of Deniehy and Plunkett, and at the dawning of the intellectual powers of our present Demosthenes Dalley.' o o o The Right Hon. W. B. Dalley, P.O., Q.C, was the chairman of the banquet held in the Town Hall in 1882. The religious celebration was on Friday (17th March), the eating and drinking on Monday, 20th. Sir John Robertson, then Acting Premier, was there ; and, among many others, Mr, T. M. Slattery, M.P. ; Mr. L. F. Hevdon, M.P. ; Mr. D. O'Connor, M.P. ; Judge Faucett, the Hon. J. T. Toohey, Mr. J. M'Laughlin, M.P. ; Mr. H. Levien, M.P, ; the Hon. R. E. O'Connor, the Hon. C. G. Heydon, Dr. W, E. Warren, Mr. J. D. Fitzgerald, James Toohey, M.P.; Dr. Goode. Messrs. J. G. O'Ryan and C Moore were the hon. secretaries. The gorgeous banner of the Hibernian Society was hung over the chairman's place. While the knives and forks were playing havoc with the ' spread,' little Chrisy Moore shook up the hired musicians, all foreigners, for not playing lively music. The leader of the band, quite taken-a-back, re plied in an injured sort of tone, ' What you want, Mr. Moore? We play your own Melodies, and you no satisfied,' Moore retired hopelessly beaten. ooo Dalley made a great speech that night, proposing 'The Day We Celebrate.' His introduction of Deniehy's name was at once pathetic and stirring. The effect on the company, many of whom remem bered ' brilliant Little Dan,' was electrical. All rose and cheered. Here are Dalley's words : — ' And before I close the few remarks which I have been glad to make to you, let me ask you on this festival of memories jjof genius and tenderness to fondly and sadly remember the name and recall the pale image of one who, though born on this soil of ours, was surpassed by no man amongst you in his love for Ireland, and I think I may say, without being suspected of extravagance, at least by those who knew him, of one who might have easily occupied the highest places amongst the most gifted and honoured of Irishmen. It was my inestimable privilege to enjoy for years his most intimate friendship — to hang for hours upon the music of a speech which, to my ears at all events, has never fallen from the lips of any other man ; and I have heard the best and greatest of those whose grace and power, whose meditated and whose improvized eloquence, whose epigrammatic brilliancy, and whose sustained 'grandeur have most impressed, aston ished, and delighted mankind, I ask you to remember one whose loss was a misfortune to us and a calamity to literature — of one whose genius ?was unhappily limited by the poverty of the for tunes to a stage altogether unworthy of the power, and who passed away from us, lsaving no one behind him who could presume even to measure the proportions of his intellect. I ask Irishmen, from a sense of gratitude for his tenderness to their country, and Australians from a proud remembrance that he was their countryman, to cherish the memory to-day and for ever of incomparably the most gifted Irish- Australian of our history — Daniel Henry Deniehy. If on such occasions as this you honour and cherish such noble memories, you build up by your tenderness the most enduring monuments — you preserve fresh for your children the finest examples of culture and devotion — you soften the asperities of life — you dis courage imposture in the corrupted currents of this world, and you do your best to refine, to elevate, and to purify society.' ooo Deniehy, the wayward darling of the Muses, and an orator by the grace of God, for a time edited the Frekman's Journal, and enriched the pages of the old paper with some of his finest literary work, After living for some time in Goulburn he went to Melbourne in the early sixties to edit The Vic torian. He returned to Sydney in '64, and died a sad and lonely death in Bathurst in 1865. And he was only in his 37th year. His re mains, covered by a handsome monument — the credit of erecting which belongs to Mr. Daniel O'Connor— now repose in the Catholic cemetery at Waverley — ' In deop and liquid rosfc, Forgetful of all ill.' ooo At the 1882 banquet Sir' John Robertson, whose patristic profundity and knowledge of Hagiology had been unsuspected, stoutly claimed St. Patrick as a Scotsman. Judge Faucett took Sir John to j task, and remarked among other things that ' the i greatest of otir Irish Bishops was, above all things in the world, a Frenchman.' ooo Out came William Augustine Duncan in the ' Freeman with a withering letter. A Scotsman' himself, and beyond all question the best read man in the colony — especially in Church historv and ! national literature — Mr. Duncan backed up Sir ' John Robertson. ' St. Patrick,' he said, 'accord- ing to every ancient authority, and also according to the latest and best modern authorities was un doubtedly a Scotsman. All the ancient authori- , ties, without any exception worth notice, make St. i Patrick a native of Kilpatrick, near Dunbarton, ! which was at that time a portion of the British Roman province in which his father held '?? office.' Mr. Duncan thus concluded : ' The modern j literature on this subject goes to prove that St. ' Patrick wa3 a native of a Roman province ; which is now a part of Scotland. At the head of the authorities we must place the Right Rev. Dr. j Moran, Bishop of Ospory, whose essay in the i Dublin Review of April, 1880, leaves nothing to be '- desired on this interesting subject. Then we have ' the great Irish scholars, Petrie, O'Donovan, ? O'Curry, Skene— all 'modern' writers, and as j Judge Faucett will admit, unrivalled experts in ! Irish literature— and all support Sir John Robert- ' son's statement lhat St. Patrick was a Scotsman and not a Frenchman.' ooo i ' The Right Rev. Dr. Moran,' triumphantly quoted bv Mr. Duncan as ' the head of the autho rities' on Irish subjects, is now Cardinal- Archbishop of Sydney. ooo , ' There haa not been a banquet since '94, nor will there be one this year. Opportunity for speech making will, however, present itself at the luncheon on the Agricultural Society's Ground, with the Cardinal presiding. ooo St. Patrick's Night Irioh National concerts in connection with the United Irish demonstration at Botany were succeosfully held in the Guild Hall and the New Masonic Hall from 1883 till 1895. Under the new plan these concerts were abandoned. Their place has been taken by the ' official' con cert at the Town Hall. And the fact is worth noting that most of the singers and instrumentalifits who did good St. Patrick's Night service year after year — several generously giving their services — are | gracelessly ignored by the gentlemen who have j undertaken the management of the more fashionable ' and less interesting entertainments. | ooo | It ia a happy memory that the fir3t authentic announcement of the appointment of an Irish pre late to the See of Sydney was despatched from Rome on St. Patrick's Day, 1884. Bishop Murray, who received the 'wire' next day, sent the good, news at once all over Australia. In 1885 his Eminence ordered that St. Patrick's Day should be kept as a festival in the Cathedral, and from that time to the present year we have had the High Mass and the Panegyric. On St. Patrick's Day, 1896, the Cardi nal unveiled in the Cathedral the magnificent win dow of the Irish Saints, now the chief glory of the eastern transept. As for dear old St. Patrick's Church, what need is there to say more than that the Feast of the Apostle is kept there as it was 50 years ago? Archdeacon M'Jflncroe handed on the traditions to the devoted Marist Fathers, who are ' more Irish than the Irish themselves. ' ooo In January, 1896, the Cardinal- Archbishop held a meeting ' to take the necessary steps for the befitting celebration of the Nationa'l Festival.' A strong and influential lay and clerical committee was formed. At the same meeting the establish ofthe now flourishing Irish Rifle Corps was advo cated. Ln 1*96, '97, and '98 St. Patrick's Day has been celebrated by sports, a luncheon, and a National concert at the Town Hall in the evening. Under practically the same committee, with the Cardinal at its head, we. are, this year, uO h;ive the religious celebration and concert on the 17t.h and the imports on the 18th. D. Mr. Frank Connor, M.P. for Kimberley East, W.A., who has been on a visit t,o N.S.W., left for Melbourne on Monday last. 