MULTUM IN PARVO. NEWS AT HOME AND ABROAD. At the Kent Collieries Corporation coal field (England) there issues at the experi mental bore-hole water at the rate of 1 25,000 gallons per hour. The tempera- ture of the witter is 75 Far., and is highly saline. The bore is 2220ft. deep.— Notes from Dover,. England, from the mining engineer of the company, Alexander Reid, A.M.I. O.E., M.E., F.G.S. The net proceeds of the Albury Drum and Fife Band concert totalled . £8 6s. This is a most creditable result. The band has received a quantity of new music from England. The death is reported of Mrs. Wilson, wife of Mr. Sydney Wilson, of Walwa, who died on Wednesday. The cause of death was some affection incidental to child-birth. Much sympathy is felt for the bereaved family, Mr. Wilson being left with several young children, the youngest being only a few days old. A bush-fire broke out at Bullioh on Thursday, and before it was mastered Mr. T. Carr had lost 150 acres of grass and some fencing, while Mr. Hawley suffered to the extent of 100 acres of grass. Sydney lady sued for £1200 and ob tained £500 damages for breach" of pro mise. The fickle swain's declaration that "he kissed tlie girl only to soothe her when she was hysterical " did not 44 go down " with the jury. The Civil servants were paid their monthly salaries on Thursday. No doubt the Treasurer is hopeful of getting back I some of the money so distributed through the railways before the officers return to I duty. Rats attacked a sleeping baby last Friday at Richmond, and it died on the Monday from influenza, accelerated -by the loss of blood from tlie wounds iu- flicted by the rodents. Inquest held at the Morgue, and reported in another column. Last act in the. Yarra tragedy. Early Jon Thursday morning the head of the central figure, Mabel Ambrose, was buried I in the Melbourne Cemetery, in the grave where her body lies. The prospects in Kelly's Freehold, Rutherslen. aDDear to be improving. 16 oz. 7£ dwt. having been obtained from Saturday's and Monday's washings. Prior to this the total output from the mine was 164J oz. from 12 fathoms. In the Great Southern, Rutherglen, the drives continue to disgorge good prospects. A shoot is beiug put up in the old shaft I so as to shorten the distance for trucking washdirt. Dr.. Violet May Plmnmer, who has been I resident surgeon of the Melbourne Hos- | pital for some months, was on Thursday I appointed as resident medical officer of the infirmary department of the Women's | Hospital. Miss Plummer was unani- mously elected. Joseph Flanagan, formerly accountant to Mr. Andrew Rowan, of Melbourne, was committed for trial ou Thursday on three charges of embezzlement of money belong ing to Mr. Rowan as far back as 1891. It is alleged that he paid three cheques into his own account. The Public Service Board will on. Wed nesday continue its inquiry at Yarra Bend Asylum into the charges of assault and want of tact and temper preferred by the matron of that institution, Mrs. Irwin, against the medical superintendent, Dr. Watkins. The Rev, Thomas De Witt Talmage,- D.D., who since 1869 has been pastor of the Central Presbyterian Church at Brooklyn, New York, known, as the Tabernacle,-, is stated by cable to have resigned his position. Dr. Talmage visited Australia a few years ago as a pub lic lecturer under the management of Air. £. S. Smythe. ' General Ricciotti Garibaldi, son of . ; the famo'u's Italian, is married to an English lady, and speaks our language fluently. He is still full of the enthusiasm for free- ! doni that led him to take part in the war I between Turkey and Greece. v He Jives in a wind swept castle at the top of one of. the Appenines. He takes pride in the fact that he is the son of a man who be came a citizen of Loudon. Mr. George Mackiiy, editor and ' part proprietor ©E the " Bendigo Advertiser," who is leaving next week on a holiday trip to Europe, was tendered a complimentary 4 4 social" at the Beehive Cafe Bendigo, on Wednesday. There was a large and re presentative. gathering, and eulogistic re ferences were made to Mr. Mackay's con nection with the long and honorable career of the 44 Advertiser," Handsome travel- lirigxbags were presented to Mr. and Mrs. Mackay. / \- ; An awful tragedy was perpetrated near Adelaide on : Wednesday morning. A master baker, said to be in comfortable uucuuiout'ivo?) w iiu natiioa VII Iiuguinoa York, one of the suburbs, appears to have been seized with a murderous frenzy. He borrowed a chopper and smashed in the heads of his - wife and two children. He then cut his own throat. The un fortunate man,, who lies in a critical con dition, is said to havfl' been strange in his manner of late, and there' is little reason to doubt that the fearful act is that of a madman. V,H1, - D a a i_ r» /r o a i Alio l ami \j, vuiupiiiy a tv.ui.o. aus- tralia, carrying the English Mails to March 3, should reach the Largs Bay anchorage during the afternoon of Saturday. If she makes a fast run from Albany, her mails | for the eastern colonies may catch the ex- I press for Melbourne that afternoon. If I not, they will probably ,be sent by a I special train, and, in any case, should be I available for distribution in Melbourne on I Monday morning. 