MOUNT LYELL MINES. [FItOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Mount Lyell.-At the mino the usual work of breaking down and despatching oro goes on incessantly. The work of stripping off the overburden is causing the top of the blow to disappear very fast. The reservoir above the mine has been com- pleted, and the water laid on to same by n ?lin. mnln ; connections also boing com- pleted with the mine. The company now have a splendid supply of good water, and need never fear dry weather. The work in connection with the aerial ropeway is being pushed on fnst. The terminal station at No. 1 plant is fast approaching comple- tion, a start having been made with the ironwork. Five smelters are running full time, tthrce at No. 1 and two at No. 2 Slant. Tlie bush fires did considerable am age to tho top end of the 2ft. gauge train wayup conglomerate creek, part being completely destroyed. At the smelters last Tuesday n very nasty accident oc cuircdtoa man named Fleminp; tluough an explosion of matte; a piece stiuck Fleming on the head, causing concussion of the brain. The suilercr vv as taken to the hospital. Lyell Thai sis.-The legal manager, Mr. Potts, was over on a visit fiom Melbourne last week, but spent most of his time helping to fight the bush fires raging along the tramway route. The only woik under- ground is the extension of N. drive of the centre tunnel, which is now in 31ft., with good oro all the way. On the surface, the framework of the terminal station of aerial ropeway is in course of erection. The ore bins at the lower station are nearly completed, and the remaining up- rights of the terminal station arc being E laced in position. The termini have een connected by telephone. Mr. Sea bright, from Now Zealand, hus arrived, and will splice the cable, at which work lie Is an expert. Progress on .surface greatly retarded bj the wet weather. North Crown Lyell.-Tunnel extended 3ft.; total 276ft. Country micaceous schist, showing copper pyrites. Men have been put on to costeen n large outcrop on the t)-ncre section 405-93m. The costeen shows copper freely, and the manager has every hope of it proving well. The show is known as Galpin and Failing's. Mr. Albert Lawson has been appointed manager of this mine, and also of the Queen Lyell. North Mount Lyell.-Work on this mine underground (with exception of 020ft, level) will not bo resumed for a week yet. At the 320ft. level a drive is being put In round the ore body. At No. 3 tunnel very rich oro is being broken down, bagged, and despatched : 8,731 bags of ore con- signed to date. At No. 1 bench good pro- gress is being made, the overburden fast disappearing. No. 2 bench will be started in a week's time, preparations for which are now being made. At the air com- pressor plant the boilers and furnaces aro bricked in, and other detail work finished. Site for assay offices nearly finished, and tlmbei for same being prepared, Glen Lyell.-C. Tunnel, 80ft. Lovel-E. section|in 10ft.;country very hard schistand quartzite, carrylngcopper and iron pyrites, No. 2 Tunnel-N.B. xcut, which has been following the hanging-wall, has resulted In a new development, a body of rich sul- phide ore coming in, assays from which return 15*4 per cent, copper, 2oz. lldwt. silver, ll*3gr. gold. The directors are ex- pected on a visit to the mine next week. Crown Lyell.- Main Tunnel, S.D. Winze sunk 5ft., total 14ft.; no change. North drive extended 10ft., total 49ft.; face in oxidised schist, carrying copper pyrites and specular. Iron. A bore hole was put in from hanging-wall side of formation, the borings showing copper pyrites and native copper: Main Shaft, N.D.-9f)ft. level extended 7ft., total 63ft.; face In very hard quartzite showing a little copper. The present course will be divergea from so as to avoid the hard formation, and enable the work of getting under the open cut to be pushed on more rapidly. S.D.-96ft. level extended 5ft., total 24ft.; face in chlorltie schist, showing copper and iron pyrites. The ground is rery hard, and progress slow. It will re- quire 150ft. more driving to get under ore body at boundary, and which is considered to be identical with the body, in tbe W. drive, No. 3 tunnel, of the North Lyell. The shaft has been centred to bottom, and sinking will be immediately resumed by contract. Mi-. S. Renfrey lias resigned from the position of manager, and Mr. Albert Lawson takes charge for the present. South Mount Lyell.-Shaft sunk a total of 300ft., and timbering has been coni filetcd to 365ft. Have passscd through lody of ore met with last week. Country now mineralised schist. Excavating and making preparations for erection of air compressor plant, whioh will be used for driving rock drills below. Central Lyell.-Men have been engaged trenching, but with no great success so far. They are'now following in on a seam of hematite iron showing specular iron. Work will be resumed in about a fortnight In the tunnel, which will be let by con- tract. Work, has been resumed at the Prince Lyell and Queen Lyell mines. 