Our Grafton Letter. The Courts.— Ou Monday, beforo tho P.M., Brown nud Shea obtained a vordict against William Bishofi for £2 17s -lid for goods sold. Mr. Lobbau for plaintiff. — Charles Pullen sued (xeorgo Banner for £1G 9s 2d for droghing stone fordofendant, who had the contract for improving Prince-snoot. Mr. A, 1 .iVhVmn inv nlninfifP. iind TVTr. 'IVTi-fTiirnt, fm. r1.ifm*_ dant. Defendant paid £3 10s 'Jd into Court, and disputed tho balance, on tho ground that according to the measurements of the supervisor this amount was all that was due. A groat deal of evidence of a contradictory nature was taken. Plaintiff was non suited. — J. Walters v. T. Ureon, claim of £2 19s, cash paid aud money duo. Messrs, Lobban and Lobbau for pIaiutiiE,Mr. Kvoriugham for dofondant. This caso had been previously non -suited, and the plaintiff brought it on again. Aftor contradictory evidence, a verdict was given for plaintiff for Its.— . C. Duggan obtained a vordict against T. Nealo foe £5 0s 3d for good sold, with os costs. AnoniaiN-ES' Home. — The annual report of tho mana ger (Mr. F. C. Currey) of the Aborigines' Homo shows that tho number of aborigines at tho Homo on December 31 was G7 ; the daily average number for the year boing 4G.3. 13 children wore attending school. Tho return from tho farm for the year was £92 4s Id, and tho wages paid to aborigines amounted to £@8 8s 3d. Road Contracts.— Tho following aro tho lowest ton dors for road contracts opened at Grafton on Tues day :— No 4;-, Pearee'sto Eatonswill,A. G. Camoron, £11 2s; 4G, Whitman Creamery to Whitoman Bridge, Jas. Roache, £IG ; 17, Caramana-Seelands. John Stewart, £27 3s lOd ; 'IS.Waterviow-Ramornio, Patrick Geraghty, £5G 7s; 40, McCuo's farm to Whiteman Wharf , D. Beahsin, £3G ; 50, Eatonswill Ferry approaches, John Bronnan, £81 ISs ; 51, Cowan's Creek to Waterview, John Stewart, £10 12s 7d ; 52, Caramana to Eatonswill, John Stewart, £32 4s Gd. Tendors opened lGth January, for ferry wharf, Sco, South Graftou— Lowest, Jas Tully, £109 The Heat — Tuesday last was ono of tho hottest days ever experienced in the history of Graftou. The hoat beat down with frightful intensity all day long and early iu the afternoon a scorching hot wes terly wind camo up that lasted till sundown. Out of doors it was simply unbearable and noedloss to say, business was almost at a completo stand still throughout the whole day. Tho glass at the Tele graph Office showed a maximum hoat of 100 degrees but iu other parts of tho town tho rcgis'.or was several points higher. As showing the fierceness of tho heat for tho day, tho minimum for tha 21 hours was over 72 degrees. Bush Fires. — Bush fires are a natural sequence of the great heat wave, therefore the outbreak that occurred at Corinda and Woolgoolga way this week was not entirely unexpected. For miles the country has been devastated by the fire fiend and considerable damage to property is reported. Pas- ture lands have been laid bare, fencing destroyed, and a house, the property of Mr. Small, of Ulmarra, entirely demolished by the flames. Notwithstanding tho heavy rain that foil early last week moro is want ed to quench these fires and givo an impotus to the growth of a, fresh crop of herbage. Phoposed Amalgamation — Rumours .are rife in town in respect to tho aina'gamation, which is on the taws, of two of the oldest legal iirms in tho district. Should tho amalgamation tako place, and I have every reason to believe that it will— and in a very short time too—the oft'ect will bo that the services of ona of our best and ablest public men will bo lost to tho Borough Council. C.R. GAXEnoxiAiJ Society. — Tho half-yearly meet* ing of the committee was held lust Tuesday evening. Mr. McPhevsou, V.P., in tho chair. The balance sheet showed a credit balanco of £100. It was deci ded to place £50 to tho fixed doposit fund, £5 to the hospital and £3 to the Benevolent Asylum. The date of tho aunual meeting was altered to July next, and tho aunual subscription was increased to 5s. It was decided to hold tho usual Burns celebration on Wednesday evening next. It was decided to open negotiations with kindred societies in the North Coast with a view to tho establishment of an Uni versity bursary. The secretary was awarded an honorarium of £15 and the treasurer one of £5, Sunstroke.— Whilo working at Chapman's sawmill on Wednesday last, a man named J, Ziotsch recoivod a suntsroko. He fell unconscious and recoivod a nasty skull wound which necessitated tho placing of several stitches. Zietscb. lay for some time bofore he was discovered, but medical assistance was called in as soon as his condition was ascertained and he was making good headway towards recovery at the timo of writing. Municipal Matters. —Talking of the Borough Council reminds me of the fact that considerable In. torest is boing manifested in the forthcoming oleo. tions, both at Grafton and South Graftou. I under stand a couple of seats will probably bo londered vacant shortly, viz, those filled by Aid. Wilcox and Crispin. If this bo tho ease tho withdrawal of such men from the council will bo a distinct loss to tho Borough. Messrs Hockey and Beatson will, how ever, find seats and prove an acquisition to the con stitution of tho presont council Over at the South side cmquiusm is rampant and it will bo very difli. cult to say who will bo tho two successful candidates out of Messrs. MoKHtriek.Momssoy and McDermid. The occupancy of the Mayoral chair will bo tho next thing that will disturb the minds of aldorraeu on either side of tho river, and judging from presont indications I should say that Aid. Jordan will occupy this high and hunorablo position in Grafton and Aid. Hawthorne iu South Graftou. Thoro avo certain to be other candidates seeking the honor ? and of these moro anon. A cablo mossago for a London firm was han dod in to Grafton oflico at 3.30 p.m. on Wednes day weok.and tho roply from London was received at Grafton at 12.30 p.m, on tho following day.the timo occupied boing 21 hours. It is reported iu official circles that Mr. Charaberlaiu.Secrotary of State for tho Colonies, has disallowed tho ooncession of 250,000 acres to tho Now Guinea Land Syndicate, of which Mr. J. Lowles, M.P., and Sir Somers Vine are mem bers. Somo time ago Ohalmor's Ohurch, Melbourne passed out of. the hands of tho Presbytorians ow ing to financial difficulties. Tho building was ro contly purchased by the Sisters of Charity, who graciously presented tho handsome and costly pulpit of the church to tho Presbyterian body. Brisbane is parting its hair in tho middle and pointing and cosmefciquing its .mouatachioa through pndo and its second series of success ful wool sales. Brisbane has dreams of becom ing tho Chicago of Australia.— Figako. SIGNET TOBACCO. Pipo smokers are reminded there is a brand of tobaooo known as 'Signet.' It is of very sup. erior manufacture, mild, fragrant and. avom^ 