1898. _ A Summary of the Principal Events JANUARY. ,;r Terrible bush-fires reported from Tasmania. 10— Floods reported from QueBnslaod 12 — Brisbane flooded to a depth of four feet. Report' .7 , of Clarence batter export scheme submitted by I Mr. Pateson, ehowtug production during cur- t roney of scheme to he 370,11911)8 of butter; quantity oxportcd 119 tons; balance to sup- ( pliers uuder scheme, £1610. 14— Summary of trade with New England, 1897, published : carriage to New England 2241 tons ; to Grafton 3141 bales wool, 535 hides, 163 bales skins- 16 feh fires reported from New Zealand. Zola nlshed his famous article denouncing the Freucli army officials for withholding informa- | tio'n. concerning Dreyfus' inuoccnce. Third test I match — England v. Australia — Australia win- I ing by an innings and 13 runs. Bibles prisent- r>-ed by Clarcnco Auxiliary British and Foreign JvlBfble Society to Sunday school children distri- : ;';biltud. 2S — Stock returns published : horses 1>.T3,7S2, cattle 7S. 140. acreago 1,072.420 acres, owners 2.320. Engineers strike in England 'J jl settled. Fourth tust match ,vou by Australia Si; by eight wickets. Population retnrns : Grafton ; : 6388. $?: FEBRUARY. ; Tcrriblo bnsh-fires in Tasmania. The situation jain China is causing great excitement. England despatches several war vessels tb augment her HSfleet in Chinese waters, and Woolwich arsenal iW/lnoreases its output. 14— Floods reported in feJfTiiany parts of the colony, 21 inches of rain fall- j£ii ing at Bega. Several vessels were wrecked. News received of the foundering of the barqne i' J, Atacama. The American cruiser Maine blown o- npin Havanna Harbour; 200 men drowned .20— The Richmond River Hooded, , MARCH Australia won the fifth test match by six rickets. -Tho position between Spain and regarding Cuba becoming critical. 6— geuth of Mr. H. F. Sault. 8— Naval estimates totalling £23.78S,000 submitted to the House t of Commons, the situation with Russia con- 1 cerniag China being regarded as critical. Graf- toa Council occupied new Council Chambers. 12— Tragedy at Rookwood, Cusack shooting his ivifo and a man named King and then commit- ing suicide. Grafton City Band gave their first public performance, 17— Patrick Mauning, an , employes of tho N. C.S.N. Co. drowned at Harwood. 19—1343 entries made for 'the ' Annual Show. 22— Mr. John Seo addressed a . , meeting of 800 electors in the Theatre Royal. Tire- damp explosion at tho Dudley mine, 14 111311 being killed. 23— War feeling in Washing ton vory pronounced. Assessors handed in tiieir assessment of thu borough ; total rates. £1532. Steamer China aslioro at tho entrance to the 1 Red Sea. Riots in Coolgardio, tho Premier of West Australia being assaulted." China coil- jcedes to Russia a 25 years' lease, of Port Arthur , thereby profoundly afieeting British interests. 30— Mr. Stevonsou's studio opened. Annual Lvshow opened by Mr. John See; attendance 4431 L Mr. Kennedy completes the survey from Glen F'-Elgiu to Cangai, thereby greatly reducing the cost oj tho lino. Deaths announced of Mrs. A. ft; iTeylor, Mr. Jas. Fry anil Dr. J. E. 0. Henry. Mljg.Keid makes a remarkable speech in which HWtleoIarcs that while ho is opposed to tho Fed- Rural Bill ha wiU rota for it. T\' APRIL, |jS'. I I — Mr. John Seo concludes a successful tour ft, .of tho electorate. The Mayor and Muyorcss of f, Grafton hold a brilliant "at homo " at Telarali. K/5-Tho hnti- Federal Bill Ltngue formed. 12— r;ftPresideUt M'Kiuloy urges that force bo used to |>;i terminate"- hostilities in Cuba. 14— Sydney Ir-r.'teainof crioketors visit the district. Harvest fr ' thanksgiving at tlio Wesloyan Church. 17 — I.. Tho Aipericuu House of Representatives adopt- t&.cd President M'Kinlcy's message omid scenes of |-i .tirent excitement. War with Spaiu regarded as f;l certain. The Clarence cricketers defeat she metropolitan criekotors by an innings and 181 fe-ruiis. Federation mooting hel l in Grafton. 20 life — Amofica declares war against Spain. Libel r aotiou— Dowling nnd Clarke v. Burt— initiated ; iff By--';-. verdict for plaiotiffs with £5 damages. — 21 — Disoovery of human remains made inbaok yard of a residence in Grafton. 23— Hostilities commenced between Spain end America. 25 — Mrs Starkey charged with the allogcd murder of an infant at her residence. 26 — Explosion of dynamito at the Mann Rivor, destroying a quantity of property. 27 — Federation meeting at South Grafton. 28— Chrysanthemum Show at Grafton. New charges for treatment of cream adopted by the Dairymen's Association. Havana bombarded by the Amorican navy. 30 — The American troops effect a landing at Manzanillo. MAY. 2 — Naval engagement at Manilla, tho Ameri can fleet forcing their way into the port of Manilla, and completely destroying the Spanish squadron. 6 — Mr. Reid answers a deputation that the sugar duty of £3 per ton will be re tained. 7 — Terrific gale on tbo coast, the steamci-b Maitland and Merksworth being wrecked, with great loss of life, in addition too number of smaller eraft. Death announced of Mr. John M'EIhoae, M.L.A. 10 — Information published showing that the Grafton-GIcn Innes lino could be constructed at a cost of about £540,0000 as compared with the original esti mate of £2,660,668. 14 — News received of the dccisivo victory of Atbara in the Soudan. Mr. Chamberlain delivors a warlike spccoh at Bir mingham. Tho American navy bombard San Jnan, capital of Puerto Rico. Mr. J. Want delivered an eloquent speech in opposition to the Federal Bill at Grafton. 19 — The Finance Committee's report on tho Federal Bill shows its primary cost to N.S W. would be £232,000 and secondary cost £1,260,000. Death announ ced of Right Hou. W. E. Gladstone. JUNE. Efforts inado to promote trade between Graf ton and Newcastle. 3— Federal voting: For the bill, 70,792 ; against, 65,499. The ayes not totalling 80,000, as required bylaw, the mea sure wus therefore rejected by the people of this colony. Santiago bombarded by the Aniericau squadron. Lieutenant Hobson performed a heroic feat by running the collier Merriinac into the channel leading to the harbour and there blowing her up, blocking the channel nnd pre venting the Spanish fleet from escaping. 7 — Child named Dora Brown accidentally shot at Lriiunorton. mr. su l. nuutvy, uu millionaire, filed a petition in bankruptcy. 10— The steamer South Australian arrived in Graf ton to open a new line of steamers trom Sydney to the Clarence. 21 — Terrible loss of life at the launching of tho battleship Albion at the Thames ironworks. 23— Heavy rains on the Bellinger and at Woolgoolga, 1 1 inches falling in 24 hours at the former place and 14 at the latter. The Americans land on Cuba withont opposition, and n severe battle, resulting in the defeat of the Spaniards, takes place at Santiago. 24— Death announced of Mrs. J. Page, sen, 26 — Rev. A. Barron terminated his connection as minister of St. Andre.v's Church. Population of colony on June 30, 1,335,800. JULY. 4\. — N.C.S.N. Co. announce they intend build ing a new steamer for the Clarence trade. Six stcamcre arrived in the river during one week. Ramornie meat works p lid off on account of scarcity of fat cattle owing to the tick pest in Queensland. Big battle fought between the Americans and Spaniards at Santiago, the for mer being victorious, with great loss of life to the Spaniards. 5. Admiral Cerveras' fleet (Spanish) totally destroyed by the American squadron under Admiral Sampson, only one American being killed and no ships injured, 7\. Collision in mid-Atlantic between La Bour- gngnc nnd tlieCromartyshire, the former sinking with 500 persons. 11. Mr Frederick M'Gurcn announces his candidature for the - Grafton elec torate. 13. Mr See addresses the electors. 16. Clarence defeated the Richmond at football liy 11 to nil. IS. Death of Mr F. Venatnr an nounced. 19 and 20. C.R.J C. Annual Races, Truant winning both handicaps. 27, Polliug for the general election, Mr. Reid being re turned with a small majority. Mr. See elected for Grafton, polling 893, Mr. M'Guren 539. 31. Death announced of Prince Bismarck. AUGUST. Arrangements for peace between America and Spain being carried on. 3. Death announced of Mrs M'Lennan, relict of the late Alexander M'Leunan. 6. Grafton Football Club won the final of the Cup, defeating Southgate by 6 to nil. 7. Situation between England and Russia reported as critical in connection with China. 8\. Death announced of Mr. Justice Manning. Coach billed up nt Bungendore. 13. Football match — Sydney v Clarence — the former winning by 15 to 8. 17-. Parliament opened. Peace virtually established between Spain and America 14\. Mr. J. J. Kemp lost at sea. 16. Proposal to form a separate Oddtellows' District warmly taken up by various lodges. 20. Syduey foot ball team again defeated Clarence by 14 to 6. The terms 'of the uapitulation of the Philippine Islands to America signed by the Spanish Governor. 24. First Philharmonic concert in. Grafton. Borough Council refuse to accept inctnl on Prince-street contract. 30. Terrible tragedy in Sydney. A storekeeper named Lisaon killed his sister-in-law and attempted to murder his wife and two children. The Czar of< Russia proposes that the nations should agree to disarm. SEPTEMBER. 1\. Trial Bay escapee reported to be hidden in South Grafton. 4. Battle of Omdurum (Soudan) fought, Dervishes sustaining a defeat.- 6. Butter export schemo decided upon by Dairymon's Association. 7. Mr Lyne tables a motion of censure. General Kitchener enters Khartoum. 7\. Mr. H. Clarko resigned his sent for the Hastings in favor of Mr Barton. 10. Mr S. Smith decides to oppose 'Mr B-irtou for the Hastings. Riots iu Canada, 600 persons being killed. Opening of Snntligate Dairy Co's. works. 14. Hon. J. H. Young visits the Mnc- leay in support of Mr. Smith's candidntnre. His action regarded as a grave scandal. Oddfellows' Lodge formed at Ulinarra. 18. Death nnnounced of Sir George Grey. 21. Mr. Meagher nssanlts Mr. Norton in King- strcot, Sydney, and Norton retorts by shooting at his assailant. OCTOBER. 5— Mr Lyne moves a vote of censure in con sequence of Mr Young's action. The vote was dufeated by 6 votes. 6 — Scene in the Queens land Asseinldy ; members defy the chair. 8 — Great fire at Redfero. 11 — Foundation stone of Brushgrovh Charch of E;A. laid by Rev. J. S, M'Pherson. 18— Circuit Court, Grafton. 23 — Hospital Sunday iu Grafton. 25— Dr Bruce visits Grafton. 26— Death of Mr Jns Cuinming, 27 — Deatli announced of Mre \V. James. 29— V.R.C. Derby won by Cocos, Bobadil second. Fire at South Grafton, Mr Zietsch's premises being burut to the ground. NOVEMBER. 2— Mr Reid delivers his Financial Statement anticipating a deficit of £170,000, and proposes indirect taxation. 7 — Grafton Building, Land, and Investment Sooiety equity suit commenced in Sydney. 12 — Messrs J. See and Co. ap pointed salesman to the Farmer's Union. Mr W. M'Gowau killed by a fall from a horse at Copmanhurst. 15 — Mr Barton moved a vote of censure on the Government for their proposed policy, which was defeated by 23 votes. Pota toes realisiug\£10 per ton in Syduey. DECEMBER. Sevcro drought experienced in many parts of the colony. 5 — Death announced of Mr Jas Tyson, tho millionaire. 14— Terrible tragedy at Petersham ; a young man shoots his sweet heart and her grandmother. The report of the Youug Commission finding Mr Young guilty of " grave indiscretions " laid on the table of tho House. Doath announced of Miss M'Cormack. 