THE SETTLER. \-------------------------- SAVING THE STARVING STOCK. \-------------------------- HALF RAILWAY RATES TO NORTHERN DISTRICTS ASKED FOR. \--------------------------- The following letter, addressed to Mr. E. W. O' Sullivan, M.P., by Mr. Edward Graham, J.P., of Montrose, Currawang, refers to a matter of great importance to the owners of starving stock in dairying districts :— ' Dear Sir,— The continued dry weather and the close advance of winter has convinced we dairy farmers of Currawang, Spring Valley, and Collector that if we are to save any of our stock we must move them without delay to where some grass can be got for them. Until just now, we thought, as a last resource, we could send them to the mountains, where we had some last winter. I have just heard from the person who took charge of our cattle other years that, owing to the bush-fires on the moun tains, no cattle feed is to be got, and there seems to be no alternative now but to let them die at home or send them to the North Coast districts, the Clarence or Richmond Rivers. To get them there we would have to truck them from Goulburn to Glen Innes or Tenterfield, and pay from £14 to £15 per truck for that, which we could do- could not raise the cash, if willing. We have come to the conclusion to offer the Commissioners £7 or £8 per cattle truck from Goulburn to Tenter field, and have written to them to that effect. If you at your convenience would kindly call at the Commissioners' Office, Sydney, we think you could help us much in the matter. We could not avail ourselves of the help the Commissioners profess to give owners of starving stock, as they demand full pay when cattle are sent away, and return part of the money when the cattle are returned. We do not expect our cattle returned. It is too far away, would be too expensive, and when in condition we would expect to sell the cattle where they were. But the Commissioners have notified that they will carry live stock in trucks from Flemington to any stations where empty trucks are required, at half stock rates. Empty trucks are in request at Glen Innes and Tenterfield to fetch back fat stock, and our offer is more than half- price. If you will kindly interest yourself in this matter for us we will feel for ever obliged. I send the letter to the Commis sioners through you, as we think the reply will come sooner, and time cannot be wasted now, as some people have neither grass nor water.' The member referred to has attended to the re quest. The cattle will be conveyed from Goulburn to Tenterfield at £5 per truck. 