THE GENII of the VANGUARD. BY F. E. LOCKWOOD. [AIl Rights Rewerved.] CHAPTER XI. DR. DRUMMOND RETURNS. "Hurrah for the return company ! Five more men, masons and car- penters; drays, carts, sheep, cattle, and provisions behind." "Our position is strong now," said the doctor to his partner. "I am very glad to see you back, doctor. We have had some fighting with the natives here of late. Poor Tom, the bull-puncher, has been speared to death, and he's in his grave over there. I suppose his wife knows of it by now, for I sent her his cheque and £20 besides, I also promised to send more if she remains single." "That's right, Attenborough; we don't know what sort of a woman she is." "Poor Tom was wonderfully un- fortunate. The brutes would have killed us all if we had not beat them off in time. They'll come back though when we least expect them—that's their game, as all the earlier pioneers can testify. The settlers took the law into their own hands though, much in the same way as a great English- man once did in another and older country. He put the question of mastery at rest at once and for over. I propose to do the same with the natives here. I will never put poisoned flour in lonely empty huts that hungry creatures may take and eat. Oh no, with your good ride and mine, we will avenge Tom a thousand-fold. Let us be more sure though that we get hold of the right tribe. I think I remem- ber some of their horrible faces." "During your absence, Drummond, I went to look for gold. We lost two horses, and I barely got off with my life." "I went to see your wife and family and managed to stay a few days with them. Money does make a difference in people who know how to use it. They are all anxious to come to you; but we dare not bring women and children here after what has happened; and there is far too much work to allow of keeping a guard for their protection. They must stay where they are for the present. I told Mrs. Attenborough all about Bottlebrush, and she kindly offered to take the child under her care. The next time the drays go I will send him, for perhaps his presence here was the cause of this outbreak. I am sure, in his case some tribal law has been broken. I can't understand their law; and as I saved the child's life, he belongs to me, and I don't intend to hand him back to them for slaughter." "I should think not, indeed. Give in to none of their savage ways, doctor. The Chinese cook tells me the child's native name is Pulee; now Pulee means a star. However he answered when he was so called, and so l suppose it is his milk-name, given to the infant by his mother, to last until, should he live, he becomes Pardnappa. Then their ordeal of making a man of him would begin." Building, fencing, and ploughing now began, and marvellous changes soon showed themselves. A good lambing; plenty of rain, and there- fore plenty of grass. Bush-fires had been frequent earlier, so that now a bright green carpet of fine soft feed spread itself around, more like an English meadow than an Australian paddock. From the deposits of the cattle, many English fodder-plants began to spring into life. The cook milked the cows and made butter. Potatoes and other vegetables were now grown. Tame kangaroos and emus ran about the place; and geese and ducks, formerly wild, swam about the small lakes at night, and came to be fed in the morning. Doctor Drummond's love for nature showed itself on every side. His apartment was a museum. The birds and beasts came at his call, and fed from his hands. Amongst his pets Bottlebrush took a foremost place. Clothed in red flannel shirt and slippers, brought for him by his owner from Adelaide, and with a clean face and combed hair, he made quite a pleasant feature in the landscape. Then came the talking birds; the cock- atoos laughing, talking, and call- ing everybody by name; the mis- chievous magpie was a queen amongst the lot, driving in a flock before her an assembly of all the feathered race great and small, saying, "Go away now, go on all of you, go on." Then taking a seat on the highest branch of a gum-tree, she gave forth the sweet notes of her native wood song, in which she was joined in chorus by a party of unreclaimed ones of her race. A hawk carried her away once, but high up in the air she screamed a loud cooee, and was dropped panting at the doctor's feet. She recovered in a few minutes and called out, "Get the gun, get the gun !" and ever after when she saw a hawk about, she cried "Get the gun !" "I am sure Mag knows more than we think she does," said one of the men. Two tame emus were a great pest to the Chinaman, so one day he made a nail red hot, and with a pair of tongs dropped it down the throat of one of them. Of course it died; and he settled the other with a dose of hot fat. There were many more pets put to cruel deaths by him, and they were not found out until long after- wards. His nation are all smooth, industrious, and polite; but sly, re- vengeful, unfeeling, and too greedy to be honest; robbing you while you gave them something as a reward. Such a race ought only to exist as hewers of wood and drawers of water to the rest of the world's inhabitants. A wet afternoon brought the station hands early to the kitchen for shelter. Some sat inside mending harness, another read from a piece of an old newspaper, a few were playing cards, when two natives wrapped in wallaby. skins stood in the kitchen doorway. The dogs rushed at them, but soon retired at the command of the white men and the natives then made them understand that something they had tied up in the corner of a rug was for the master. The parcel proved to be a letter addressed to Messrs. Atten- borough and Drummond. Mr. Atten- borough opened and read the letter, and then took it to the doctor. "Here's a fine thing," he said. "The police when they went back after finding me, gave such a flourish- ing account of the country we hold, that two gentlemen must needs start driving a four-in-hand to look out for a run near to us. They came to Mount Yatna, and Winstanley saw them well on the way here. Since then they have gone astray, but find- ing my old friend Utalta with the label on him, they wrote this letter and got these two to bring it. They want us to go to them; their horses have gone astray, and they are out of provisions. They could not persuade the natives to bring them to us; and are even doubtful whether we shall get this letter or not. What shall we do? Put some horses into a trap, and go to them, I suppose." "Who are they?" queried the doctor. "A Mr. Stevenson and his son. The natives can ride behind; we shall need them as guides. Shall we go tonight ? There are yet four hours of daylight; but the natives refuse to go, shaking their heads, and pointing over the plain." "Will they not show us the way there? What do they mean by point- ing to the road and then to them- selves?" "I think they intend that we should ride while they walk." This surmise proved to be correct, and the doctor and Mr. Attenborough started out in the buggy, with the blacks on foot. For some time they proceeded slowly, and then the older native pointed for them to go across the plain, whilst he and his fellow plumped into the timber. Presently as they drove on alone the doctor said: "I see a fire; look, someone is putting dry boughs on it." About half-an-hour brought them to the place, and somewhat to their surprise they found it was their guides, who had crossed over by a short cut. The sight dispelled some suspicions that had arisen in the doctor's mind as to whether the blacks had deserted him or not. "I did not like the job from the first," said Mr. Attenborough; "but then I thought of the time when I was lost myself, and a feeling of pity took possession of me." After supper, as the natives still pointed onwards, they lay down in the buggy wrapped in their rugs; the horses being tethered near. When they started again the bare- footed warriors still insisted on walking ahead, first pointing out the direction to be taken, and not until night were they again met, and then a fire appeared as before. "I wonder," said the doctor, "how long this is going to last. It must be a week since those fellows left the camp with a letter. Whatever could Winstanley have been doing to let two towneys like these men, unused to bush life attempt to find the way by themselves. He should have brought them over to us at once. It is very unlike him not to have done so." The natives now made signs that they were near those who were being sought for; and by and by calls and cooees were heard in answer to their own. They now drew near to the lost party and found several natives with it. Utalta marched up to Mr. Attenborough smiling; took him by the hand and patted his shoulder. "Thank God! I you have come," said Mr. Stevenson. "I don't know where the horses have gone; however they can find plenty to eat and we cannot. We have not been able to see them anywhere, even with our field glasses." "Most likely they will come up to ours during the night" said Mr. Attenborough. "Did you tether them?" "No, they are hobbled." "Oh well, the natives will easily track them if that be the case." This was soon proved to be correct ; for the blacks were taken to the point from which the animals had wandered; and next day they brought them to the camp fresh and full. They had been in good pastures which was some- thing more than could be said for the owners. "Now that things are all right again," said Mr. Attenborough, "tell me, Mr. Stevenson, what did you come here for?" "I came to look for a suitable sheep run for a son of mine. I have given him all the education money could procure, and he has been in society for a time. I don't want him too near a settlement at present; he might make a mesalliance with some bush girl if she happened to be good-look- ing. Neither do I wish to encroach upon anyone's leasehold. I think it would be an advantage if the head- stations were about a day's journey apart. I myself would never dream of living up here. I am a large holder in Broken Hill shares, have consider- able property in Rundle- street, and also shares in several banks. One of my sons is a clergyman of the Anglican church, one is a lawyer whom I hope someday to see in parliament; and I have several daughters at home with me at my residence in the hill suburbs, near the city. This youngest son I intend to make his fortune out of sheep as many others have done before him. There was a time in South Australia, when tailors, shoemenders and saddlers could earn money enough for a knight- hood; but the days of those trade kings are past. If I can select a suit- able place, I will build my son a house, send him stock and an experi- enced manager and a middle-aged housekeeper. He must live on the place, for I will not have him in town spending money—a fortune goes in no time." These practical men of the world looked on the young dude with much contempt. "I would like," said Mr. Atten- borough to the doctor, "to put him on bread and meat, and not too much of that, for a few years. The father is a fool for his pains, but he seems better than the son. I wonder how he made his money. I daresay we shall hear that from Mr. Winstanley. He has been so long in the colony that he knows the history of all our rich men. I suppose this man is somebody though, or he would not talk of a 'misalliance.' " "We will return now," said Mr. Attenborough to Mr. Stevenson, "we want to get home, there is much to do. Come back and keep us company for a while. You will be able to note the country as you pass through, and if you find it suitable, when you go back to Adelaide you can take it up." The return was made in less time than the original journey had occupied, and Mr. Attenborough and the doctor experienced no little pride at seeing the surprise expressed on Mr. Steven- son's face at the completeness of the station arrangements at Tintora. The first to meet them was Brushee, or Pule as he was indifferently called. He held in his hand a little bag of iguana eggs. There were thirteen or fourteen of them, long in shape, and with dirty brown shells. They had been dug out of the termites' nest, where the reptile leaves them so that the young ones may feed on the larva of the ants. The doctor took them, dropped them into a woollen wall bag in his apartment, and then went out to meet his guests in the dining room. The visitors had clothes in their portmanteaux, and all were dressed for dinner, and the gentlemanly ap- pearance of all was something to be surprised at in so wild a place. The cook surpassed himself that day, and a wonderful meal was produced of roast and boiled entries, game, cur- ries, and some nameless puddings. Young Stevenson remarked that the dinner was equal to anything which could be obtained at Shore's famous restaurant; but he said that he rather missed being waited on by ladies. "Yes," said the father, "and some of them are ladies in the truest sense of the word; the want of means only has placed them out of their own sphere. This is a topsy-turvy land, Mr. Attenborough; money means all that is good, the want of it all that is bad." "Yet," said the son, with a sneer, "some of those ladies at Shore's be- long to the Christian Endeavour." Neither of the Tintora people understood the drift of this conversa- tion. Their bush life had not allowed them to make acquaintance with this noted restaurant. The guests were just beginning to take some of Mount Yatna's wine, when in rushed Bottlebrush and stood straight behind the doctor's chair. "There are natives about for cer- tain," said Mr. Attenborough. Just then the smiling face of Utalta appeared, spears in his hand, wide white streaks across his forehead and breast. Then his eye fell on Bottlebrush, and his look was that of a demon. "What name?" said he. "Pulee," replied the doctor; "he is mine." Then taking hold of the child he gave the native, by signs, to under- stand that the boy belonged to him. There were some more natives out- side, and when Utalta went out to them there was a lengthy conversation of which no white man there understood even a part. "I will learn their language," said Dr. Drummond, "I will pay one of those fellows to stay here and teach me. I ought to learn enough of it in a month to unravel a lot of their manners and ways of dealing with each other. It is an advantage Mr. Stevenson, to keep up friendly rela- tions with them. They are of great use as trackers, and their knowledge of the places where water is to be found is very valuable. I always keep my word to them, whether I promise reward or punishment." "I think," said Mr. Stevenson, "you are more than a match for a company of naked savages." The dude here remarked, "I don't like the smell of them. I shall want some boxes of cherry blossom powder and a lot of jockey club if I stay." "Oh," said the doctor, "you can extract plenty of scent from the wattle blossom here." Just then Milmilty arrived; Mr. Winstanley having sent him over to see whether the travellers had reached Tintora in safety. "Come with me, Milmilty over to the native camp," said the doctor, "I want you to talk to them for me. I will give you whatever you ask for doing it. I would like to learn to talk to them myself, will you teach me?" "Mucka me youree that one talk," said Milmilty. "Nonsense, there must be some words alike. What do they call the sun?" "Tindo." "Well, so do you," said the doctor. "You see," said Milmilty, "him got another name, too. What do you want me to talk to them about?" "First, where is their country; all about here?" "No, only this way." "Where is the tribe which speared poor Tom?" "They don't know a thing about it. They haven't killed a white man. There was a bad tribe called Kul- cuther away north, a big tribe with many fighting men and wicked women. They come here sometimes and steal wives and take away young men. They are far away now at a big fight." "Well," said the doctor, "I'm going to shoot the one who speared my man, Tom, if I can get him; and if they don't bring me that man to hang up over Tom's grave, I shall kill them all when I catch them." "Yes, Mr. Doctor," said Milmilty, "you do. They bad men. Doctors all same you plenty make mingee, plenty make all right; bring fire, burn up overything. Kill them all. They are sorcerers; have witch-sticks, they carry the Nilajerrie poison-stick and touch with it in the dark." "Now, Milmilty," said the doctor, "you tell Utalta's tribe we are friends ; tell them to come to us if they want anything, or are sick or hungry, or want our help; and if they come across any lost white people, they are to bring them here. If the bad tribes come about they are to send us word somehow. Now, you have done well; here is some money for you." "Me no want him money; you give me white shirt and puggarie." "Why, how will you wash and iron a white shirt ?" "Oh, me got white girl Mount Yatna; plenty wash shirt all right." "Very well, I will give you the shirt and puggaree. Now bring me Bottle- brush. If he will not come, take him up in your arms and bring him." Milmilty did not move. "Why don't you like the child?" said the doctor. "That one's mother devil; she plenty look out that boy. Nobody been eat thatwoman; nobody put her head along white sand. Winko plenty walk about look out boy. Wild dog and crow eat him that woman in scrub. No good ones get Plonge from that one. Kill plenty my people. He been kill nice girl blackfellow give me for lubra. Mother stop her along her boy. That boy got no father." "Milmilty, this is all folly; spirits if even they are here cannot hurt either you or me. Do not believe such stuff. Bring the boy to me. Does he belong to these natives here? That is was his mother, one of them?" "No, she ran away with a Koul- kather man, and when he was very young they caught her and nearly killed her. She got into the thick scrub and tumbled down there, and you found the boy. If that woman strong she kill the boy herself before she die —she can't—so you got him. He all right now, but these fellows catch him very soon. Pulee plenty know, so plenty frightened. He want stop with you; no want to go along mother." "But his mother is dead?" "You plenty stupid. Toora mucka walk about, want boy, then she all right." The case was clear to the doctor's mind now. The child must die; his mother in the spirit world wanted him, and would not be content. The customs of her race had not been complied with; and she would haunt and injure them if things remained in this state. "I will send the child away to be brought up by white people," he said, "and then the natives cannot touoh him." The doctor was pleased that he was beginning to understand some of the laws and ways of these wild children of the land. He set to work in earnest to Iearn their speech and modes of thought; and made very rapid progress therein. He could soon talk and reason with them; and found them intelligent and clever, quick at coining new words. Their language full of soft vowel sounds, was often poetic and his interest in it and the people increased day by day. He was learning from them, and they from him. The elder Mr. Stevenson returned to town leaving his son the guest of Mr. Attenborough, that he might be initiated into the ways of a bushman's life. He was supposed to lend a helping hand on the station, but spent his time chiefly in lounging about or teasing the native girls at the camp; in fact, Dr. Drmmond came to the conclusion that he was anything but a desirable comrade. To their great annoyance he got a blackboy to show him the way to Mount Yatna. He had his own horses at Tintora, and he and the black-boy, well mounted went there one day but did not return. The doctor, although much older than Miss Winstanley, was much attached to her; and no wonder, for she was a fine girl, entirely without that affectation which makes some women hateful to sensible men; not made up nor spoiled by fashion ; not a Girton girl, but well enough educated for all the purposes of a good woman's life; and loving her parents and brothers and sister with a deep and genuine affection. The natives would do anything she wished without a dissenting word the half-castes were proud of her, because some white blood ran in their own veins; all but Karobie, who was a beauty too, but of another sort, and very jealous she was of Elsie's golden hair and pure white skin. Hitherto Elsie had blushed unseen, and lent her sweetness to the desert air ; but now the time had come when she was no longer to play that part. The coming of the Attenboroughs and the Stevensons and others who were beginning to occupy the surrounding country was about to give her the opportunity of mixing with society. Will she retain her innocence and beauty amongst them? I think so, for she is pure-minded. Her birds and flowers and domestic occupations she will value as much as ever. Should she come to know love, it will never make her swerve from duty. She will be true to her pure instincts without doubt." And now young Stevenson is at Mount Yatna, striving his best to please Elsie aud amuse himself. Had old Mr. Winstanley known the character of the youth he would have turned him off his premises the first day he came there. As it was, he rode out with the young men of the family, helped to muster the sheep, played draughts and cards at night over which he told of crack racehorses and his winnings on the turf; and in short his companions thought him the best visitor they had ever seen at Mount Yatna. To Elsie he talked of his mother and sisters, of their dresses, of government house parties. All the while he flattered the girl in a way which gradually drew her on to admire him more and more. When he chose to exert him- self in that direction, he had all the gifts of a polished gentleman; and this innocent maiden never dreamt that beneath there was a darker and more loathsome nature. The halfe-castes who worked Win- stanley's station were well provided for; and were of material assistance in carrying on the place. Many other stations in Australia are worked in this manner. It indeed is the only way in which the aboriginal strain of blood will live on, through the women. In the pure state it quickly dies out before civilization. We may not believe in the descent of races from some of the planets, driving out all else before them; but the fact was believed in ages past. We do not know what became of the luckless children of Ham; well, there are some things of which we know nothing. Work went on heartily at Tintora. Every day saw some improvement; and Mr. Attenborough decided to send for his family in the near future. A large house with a deep verandah all round it, now stood in a closely fended paddock. The house itself was con- structed of solid stone and was roofed with galvanised iron. Then there were stables and a blacksmith's shop, several cottages for the married men, two or three out-stations, stockyards, drafting yards and sheds. Still there was plenty yet to do and fortunately many hands to do it. One day Pulee came rushing in calling out, "Black-fellow"; but not one could be seen about. The next day, however, little Bottle-brush was gone; not a trace of him was to be found. The doctor and station-hands rode about in every direction in search of blaoks, but not one could they find, nor the tracks of any. A small red shirt was found thrown down close to the house; but the mystery of the child's own disappearance was not to be solved for many a year afterwards. "I shall go to Mount Yatna," said the doctor, "and look up Milmilty. I believe he had a hand in this. He al- ways hated the child so much. If he did this piece of work, he shall not escape me." (To be continued.) 