Answers to Corres pondents. {By ' Mkbbigawg.'] 686\. — You're an honest man, and, as the honest man generally does, you'll pay Any way, We'll send the account to yon in futnre We «re 'glad to welcome yon as a new Mend. We not* your remarks. If we can ?erve yon in any way just sing oat and yon will find us alert. Ta-ta. 684.' Thanks for the oash for telegram ; and I'm sorry that you couldn't get that ?ample of water analysed. It dot* seem strange that they fonnd the quantity in sufficient, but I suppose there are certain teats* that require quantity to determine the proportion of different properties. I don't M that I am entitled to your thanks, because there was no result ; bnt I hope you'll let me do something else for you in town. Don't forget to use me. 686.— Glad to know that the maps will do. The amount yon sent was quite sufficient,' thanks — in fact, exactly the correot thing. Sorry that you have had suoh hard times, bnt I guess you'll pull through with a good season or two to help you. 683.— Thanks for the £1 6s lOd. We've sent you a T.S.R. map (2s fid), and pat the balanco to your subscription account, as directed. Glad that onr barracking satis fies yon, and the bit of encouragement yon give will certainly help to get np a fresh head of steam. Drop us a Tine when you want us to sing ont or get yon anything in the city. 682\. — Thanks for oheque, whioh has been out np as direoted — Exohange 6d, subscription 8s 6d, T.S.R. map 2a 6d, receipt forms 3s 2d, Souvenir Press Bazaar and postage 3s 8d, Sydney Adams Fund Is 8d. Thanks ior remembering ' Gossip's ' protege. May you have many good seasons. Subscriber. — We can send your South Australian friend a copy of the ' Queensland Land Laws ' for Is, post free. If you'd sent his address we'd have posted it to him at once ; but, anyway, you can let as know by return post. It was real good of yon to send along the items of news. They're very valuable to us. Can't you 'write very often? We wish yon wonld. Ton have had a rough time of it since you came to New South Wales, but yon eeem to be determined to battle until things pan out right. Five years' hardship hasn't made you throw up the sponge. It is to such men as you that suocess must come in time. The grasshoppers are a terrible curse. There are caterpillars, too, and droughts, and storms, and bush-fires, and noxious animals, and goodness knows what else for the Inlander to think about ?nd battle agaioat. Frosts are the latest knock to the farmers. Thanks for your kind wishes ; and I hope that you'll find yonr orop pan out better than you expect P.M.B. — You can let me know what you intend to do later on, and mention the price and so on. That sort of horse ought to be in good demand. I hope you'll do well. Kind regards. 681\. — We've handed over 10a to the Sbookowners' Association from your oheque, put 8s 6d to your subscription account, and we've stnt you the ' Law of Impounding.' There's no drovers' guide for this colony, but there iB a T.S. B. map, and the various Aces that deal with questions with which the drover ought to be familiar. Can we do anything for you in that way ? 687\. — Our bookman has attended to your order and I suppose you will have received the bookB ere this. Glad to hear that you got some good rain. Yes, I thoroughly enjoy a heavy thunderstorm. I suppose it is because they generally give us the first raiu after a dry time. You have had bad luck in losiog nearly all your stock ; and it makes my heart glad to hear you say ' We'll soon catoh it up again with a good seaBOQ.' There's something cheerful about that. May you have a run of good seasons. The office will send you a statement — that's all right, thanks. JBktii. — Do you know, I think we should be such great pals. Your ideas and mine don't run very wide apart. There's piib thing you mustn't do — you mustu'o uiaku up your mind about what your future is to be, because, it's bo seldom that we can guess how things will turn out. You're young enough— and I think sensible enough— to change your mind on that matter yet. You might drop me a line again wheu you have time, and if there is any information that I can obtain for your mates or your self you may be sure that it will be u pleasure to me. Your little inessij:e in ihe lower corner of the page was appreciated . Same to you, aud may you have good luck. I delivered your message to ' Folio.' Javelin. — Your sending tbat important bit of information told me a lot more than you expected, for now I know that you are oue of our best pals. It tells us thut you are game to go ouo of your way to help the 'Jourual' along; and you can bet your life that the ' Journal '' is ready t- return the compliment. You had bad luck. When iB the Inlander going to get a fair show ? I tuppose it'll oome in time, but it's wearying to have so long to wait, isn't it ? Drop me a line whenever you feel good- hearted enongh. Good luck to you. 333.— Glad you liked the whistle we had sont to yon. The items of nem you supplied more than pay for any trouble that I took for you. They're first-rate. Don't worry yourself about composition— good, plain, sensible talk always takes a top seat. I'm handing yonr query over to 'Medico.' I can quite understand how distressing it is to hear your little boy coughing so much at night. There's nothing worries me more than to hear a youngster with a hacking oough. It seems so cruel for the little 'uns to have to suffer, doesn't it? From yonr your wee lad, but the cough's better shifted. 'Medico 'will tell us what to do. Kind regards. Don't forget that 111 always be very glad to hear from you. 688\. — Your growing good, friend ; that s all that is the matter. There is a lot more discrimination in yonr make-up now than when yon were a kiddy, remember. Yon are right, when I have to answer some of the heart-breaking letters I get there is a sorrowful man guiding my pen, I assure yon. Yon wish yon were a millionaire, yon toll me, so that yon oould help some of the battlers on the land. I realise that there's not much to be gained by wishing, so I just sit and ' chew my cad,' and fancy that I am taking a hand in carrying the load of our distresied friends. It is the only way I osn get any consolation. Perhaps if I had to face the real troubles of those who are struggling on the land I would oave in. I do not think that I will ever be a really happy man, beoanse wherever I go I heir and see so much of the troubles of those who have a bitter struggle to live. I don't pity men so much, because I know how muoh a man can be»r ; bnt when I see women and children in trouble I'm terribly weak. Yon and I must be a great deal alike; bnt let's talk about brighter thugs. I was glad to hear that 'the infant' had saoh good luck, and sorry that ha didn't get the full measure. Thanks for the items. You're a ohampion at the business. Mind, I don't flatter any man, except, maybe, when I tell a fellow biped that he's a fool when he's really something worse. Yes, you can depend on Brash's stook saddles every time. I'll get the firm to send you a catalogue. Don't yon worry yourself about other people— you've done yonr ahare in giving assistance. Hope your clip will tarn out O.K. 72\. — Your letter came juBt in time to be answered in this iBBue. The friend yon name has not communioated with us yet ; but there's no need lor haste, mind. Thank you for yonr interest in the matter. We're hunting up the back copy pf the ' Journal' for you, and will send it along. Yon see, we have no idea of the date ; but I suppose we'll stumble across the paragraph yon refer to. Kind regards. Mao. — I'm jnBt delighted to bear from you, beoanse your letter tells me that you are with as to stay. Thanks for your approving remarks. The man that sent your subscription along is white clean through. I suppose you know that your self. He's been a great barracker for the 'Journal 'and he never seems to tire of shouting for us. We'll Bend you a colored map publuhed by the N.S.W. Bookstall Co. It's the best thing out for showing the country which is likely to be traversed by the troops during the war. Is Id post free. Glad to hear you rpeak so cheerfully of things in general. Our dispatch clerk Bays that he sent the back numbers along to you ; but, all the same, I'm having another batoh posted. It's all very well for you to be good- hearted, but we doo't want you to pay for what yon don't get. Thanks for yonr promise to send me some scraps of news later on. I'll always be glad to hear from you, and also to attend to any commands whioh you may lay upon me. 