Topics of tihe Tines. "Olh, doctor, one minute. I feel a bit off after the New Year celebrations. I feel a heavy dreary langour over me. I eat like a horse, I drink like a fish, I sweat like a bull, I sleep like a pig, I am as week as a cat, a and I feel as tired as a dog." "Quite beyond a me, my dear boy, you had better consult a veterinary surgeon." Tile Deacon's Prayer.-A white minister, I after conducting services at a coloured i church in North Carolina, asked an old t deacon to lead in prayer. The brother in black offered a fervent appeal for the white brother and said : "0 Lord, gib him de eye ob de eagle dat he spy out sin afar off. \Wav' his hands to do Gospel plough. Tic his tongue to de line ob truth. Nail his ear to de Gospel pole. Bow his head way down in some lonesomne, dark, and narrer valley, where prayer is much wanted to be made. 'Noiat him wid de kerosene ile of salvashon and sot him on the fire." Nearly £250 was realised on Tuesday by the sale of dress- circle seats for a matinee performance in aid of dramatic charities. During the past twelvemonth 12,000 children in the State Schools in N.S.W. underwent religious instruction, and sub mitted themselves for the preliminary examination in religious subjects. Urano, a town in Now South Wales, is threatened with a water famine, owing to the damn only containing a few weeks' supply. This is the only water in the neighborhood, and if it fails the residents will be compelled to leave the town. At the present rate of combustion it is thought. ilhe sun will last from 7,000,000 to 15,000,000 years before burning itself I out. Heard in a London Board School. Examiner :- What part of speech is the word "an ?" Smart Cockney Youth : What, the "''am" what you eat, sir, or the "'anm" what you is ? Despite the proposal published by the Czar for the disarmament of the nations, Ruseia is determined to keep her forces in a state of preparedness, should war break out. Her war estimates for the current year have been increased by 35,000,000 roubles (about £3,500,000), as compared with the amount which she ex pended for the same purposes last year. In 1898 the estimate was 288,80S,064 roubles, and in 1897, 284,379,994 roubles. The codlin moth is causing great destruc tion in the orchards around Mrt. Gambier. After Omdurman comes the company prosmo:er. The Sirdar's victory was no sooner proclaimed than the ubiquitous pro- I motor followed him to the Soudan. As a consequence, we already have the Sirdar Steamship Company, the Sirdar Rubber Company, the Soudan Exploration, and the Nile Valley and Soudan Syndicate in course of gestation. The remains of Columbus have been re interred at Seville. The latest information to hand from Johaunesberg state the position is consider ably quieter. A recent bush-fire at Tarentla,near W'agga, destroyed 12,000 acres of grass. A splended flow of artesian water has been struck near W'inton, Queensland, at a depth of 3,100 feet. It is estimated to discharge one-and-a-quarter million gallons a day. The "meat-tea," or "high-tea," as it is called in England, so popular, moreover, in the colonies, is being warred against by several eminent doctors, who have nothing good to say about the sense of people who take tea wiit a meat meal. A cnrious coincidence is reported from Burnley. A boy named Ladd fell into a quarry holeanod was drowned, tile occurrence being witnessed by another lad named Logan, who reported it to the police. This is the same, Logan who discovered the boot trunk in the Yarra. News from Sierra Leone states that of the 151 natives arrested and sentenced to death in connection with the Hut-tax rebellion, 81 have been executed. The sailing ship, South Esk, 1080 tons, owned in Glasgow, has been wrecked on the WV~t cos.. of lrcllln,. Iat Ualtway. A French statistician has calculated'that the human eye travels over 2000 yards in reading an ordinary sized novel. The aver age human being is supposed to get through 2,500 miles of reading in a life time. t 