BTJSS FIBES IN VXCTOHIA. . THREE DESTROYED. (By Telegraph.) ilETJiOURKE. December 26 Bushfires in the Beech worth district assumed large and disastrous proportions On Saturday. A terrific North wind drove the flames onward at great speed, and despite the fact that hundreds of men did their utmost to combat the flames, some thirty homes were destroy ed, and three lives were lost, while sev eral persons had narrow escapes. A lad named Wm. Elliott was the first victim. He went out to a paddock two or three miles from home at Wooragee to let cat tle out, and nothing further was seen of him till Sunday morning, when his char red body was found alongside the charred remains of a bullock. Two homestead leases, these of John Brewer and David Murray, have been totally destroyed, and the loss in grass, cattle and sheep has been very great. In the afternoon the gale veered round to the West, bringing with it flames from the direction of Everton , and travelling at the rate of 15 miles an hour. The flames swept over the properties of Garbellini, Londrigan, Price Senr., Powell. Kennedy,. Molloy and others, reducing the houses to ashes. The newly erected state sohool was also burnt down. The fire quickly arrival at the rear of -Jfewtown, where Gunning ham's house with its contents was total ly destroyed. S. «T. Black well's slaugh terhouse with stores of hides and tallow, was also destroyed, and here another fa-, tality occurred to an aged couple named Ramsden. the man being employed as an odd hand by Mr Blaekwell. The couple were living in one of the outbuildings, which was consumed, and the charred bodies of both were found in the after noon not far from the hat. A man nam ed White, living near the tannery, was seriously burnt while endeavoring to res cue his deeds and other property, and an other man named Thompson at Blair Springs was also seriously burned. The town of Newtown was considered in such Imminent danger that several residents made hurried removals of their goods.. At Bowman's Forest thousands of. acre* of grass and miles of fencing were destr y ed ; in addition, to severe losses in cattle and gfrpfp, culverts and bridges have been burnt, awti miles of fences on each sidejsf the railway line and the telegraph pales were destroyed^ As far as can be as certained between 20 and 30 houses have been destroyed. 