TALES AND SKETCHES. A TALE OF BLACK THURSDAY. Br Gerald Cordon. Chatter L They woro seven men "all told," the soven Including two raw lads, who, Australian like, though not Australians, claimed all the privileges of a more advanced manhood, and who, as most probably likely to take umbrage if cluaed as mere boys,, aro here thrown iu at n venture. The leader or prime mover was a duly certifi cated surveyor, Frank Pollock by name, of the pstied, liroml in the possession of a fair salary and allowances, besides a complete field tquipsge of three tcnte, a dray and six good bullocks, provisions and utensils, together of course, with "tho tools of tlie trade," tlie ciroumferentor," tho chains and arrows, dags I'm lag polos and some big broad axes. The labor element was represented by two. stout Irish phninmeh, one cook (an English mio), ono bullock drivor (a Scot), and our two probationer lads fresh from school vid the sons niinoriroi. i 5?T'nB "'3 thus muob, bohold the "party." no 00ma ,oroM them first " in oamp," in tho Survey Paddock, » on the right bank of the Yatra j the surveyor's tent pitched in the post ol honor on the oxtremo. right, that of the oook anit bullock driver on' the left, while the third and and last, belonging to the probationers," took poBt in theeentre, showing whltoa«" a virgin shield" between two "sup porters," r w'"1 the instrumental paraphernalia, , vlvres, the chains and flog polos, he., was propped up on the left of the men's tent and of the ent re encampment, while the bullooke, to "ni t-aptaln," "Strawberry," "Jnok," an< "Rodney," wandered ooutin ollnking hobbles and at their own sweet paddook. Enorlei1 Bna G&nt gums in the ml',1."/!' jV" ',0't«t.ifwl past there was more of Hum i m'n ! 'n that eylvan demesne than yon will find to-dsy. . ehii! ?' # o'our potable stream, flowed ami a,. , aiil'y Along benoath its broad flow»ruIyi -of aromatic underwood and blnnn, 1.5 plants, and the donse masses of golden distinln'ioi 8u.nrt' ,tcat'iory foliage that alwaya nguish the mimosas of the river bank. waih.ni!!! ,no nu,ty filuo faotories nor wool mainiW nor tannoricB, nor oandle works, nor ! " ' sewers to pollute the aboriginal purity of the ourrcnt. habib ''I'll111?; creature of eminently oleanly about 'mLi'r ..V" I" aaon hore, tumbling kincfislu.l>n ,'j1® R miniature sonl ; and tbo SS't' (generally by pairs) fleshed and a elorv nf <? ?'£ I'''8 'iv'nS meteors in ?ntl "teely blue, while their »a tho laughing jaokaosos, perched withered ciTm 'tenoa 1 roughs of some nakod and . from tlmin !!?' Wght tho river, nymphs and ohueliibi ietary with all 'manner of weird wa» mortW wri'lunations, but if the jaokaoa the olear ZwTj !! ce at at'na and ovenaong, "ilvo,f,y "I"8 of the bell bird the day. through the severest heat of bihsio oould nn«i? 1 "iB bcl1 blr r'Tor 'Id® Th« n... P"llTly ho more enthralling? Parakeets tha?flV'1|,rlw'S ,''1'Bllo o£ 5 I®"!1 o£ 'I'uminatod trai?n'i throl,Bl1 tboair M'® «>® addon hut , 8 oomot, Ib as inspiriting as 8 ca,ra dolicht tlwV r!,lurn' fkis with ""rda," whlni n- 'lie gilyery "song without Thcro T,i l.n.tvcr.l,Mla. uP,on tho car. i all imiui. n'-, ? ®"8 and. light " and musio s" that notb'inw A! mit.m?re you ? But for a olmMn M . "r boy» m«. I"> the " ' to be sent oooaoionolly on en orrand to town, whether to tlie "oflloo " or to some trndosman who supplied little "extras" to tho party at a recognised tariff. Then there were partios and danoes which claimed their attention, and as the moon lasted during their briof stay In the paddook depot all this was re- markably pleasant. Tlie daily detail of duty waB as delightful as novel, and though the surveyor was a bit of a martinet, tho boys lmd contrived so far to keen in nis good graooo, JTho first event in the day (6 e.m.) took tho shape of a plunge in the Yarra, with a swimming contest thrown in. I wonder where is the man or boy of to-day who would venture to expose, whether his hide or bis nose, to the ordeal of a plunge in the same (stream and in the same locality. Temnora mitiantur el nos mutamur in illis / Ta» Bt0flnd eyent came in making and rolling up tho beds and clearing up tlie touts ready for inspection. Tho third, tho very, important and always very acceptable funetion of breakfast, though limited in point of time, was none tho less satisfactory and enjoyable. Tea in tin pannildus without milk, but with plenty of brown sugar, a small dish of curry and nee, good snlt beef and potatoes, and a fair allowance of broad. Tho platos, in foot all the plato, being tin. After breakfast came chain praotioe, witii occasional lessons on tho "instru ment," which kept them pretty fully employed up to tho hour of the early dinner, after which (of course with a proper interval for rest and digostivo meditation) an excroiso in striking and pitching, also packing tents, digging trenohes and siaoking out tent cords in onso of rain. Supper at 6 and yarns. They had not so far mado any acquaintance with pipes and tobacco, but for all- that enjoyed what Murons Olarko onoe dabbed " a vioarious smoke, " when the wind sot . from the direction of tlie men's tent oh the left.1 Now to the fresh and uiide- proved palate of yonth this " vioarious emoko " is" actually .moro agreeable than is the exact reality, to that of the case hardoned old tobacchanalion, - They were liappy timos those, Olim Consult Za. Trobe. The moonlight flooding the open doorway of the tent with silver. Tho bugle in the police depot further down the Yarra Bound ing the retreat in right military fashion. The voices of the night birds trembling in the' air, and tho gentle murmur of the Yarra, eoothing, and suggestive of sweet nature's kind restorer, balmy sleep. Those were tho nights that the boys loved afterwards to remember. One fine Bnmmer morning, and they got what tlie Irish soldier calls the " rowt." Tents struok and pneked and placed in position on tho dray; also tho ontire batlerie de cuisine, and the immortnl instrument which the men re garded somewhat in tlie light of a fetiche. The order of march was as follows ' The bullock dray, containing (to put it briefly) every thing. Two ohainmen abreast iu blue shirts and moleskins. The oook in moleskins and a red shirt. The two probationers. Pollock on horsebaok putting on plenty of "side," and bringing up the rear colonoiwiso as on the march. And lastly; the dog of tho oamp, witii tail cooked, and head knowingly on one side, elose on the heois of tho surveyor's cob — Voila tout / Charter II. There was a sweet fresh smell in the air, tho dew lay on the grass, and brushed from tho ovorhanging branches as the men passed. For some miles great trees overarabed the road, affording n grateful shade. Then there were miles of open, sunbaked country, where the long, palo grass looked golden as the sun touched it, and whsro log fences choked with bracken offsrod a haven for great black or brown snakes ; and showed every hereand thereon blackened logs bright eyed, startled lizards, : There wore inches deep of soft, .grey dust, which. in winter would be ohurnedto mud, rendering tbo road almost impassable. A few nights after, supper was eaten in the Mncedon district, the oamp being pitched - on tiio banks of a creek, and the two boys,, being, thoroughly wearied out by tho long tramp, went to bed direotly after. It was por- footly still, the moon Bbowed behind tho foliage of a couple of splondid white gums, turning thoir smooth boles into silver, and reflecting itself in shattered outline in the running waters of the little crook. Tho men produced an old conoer- tina, and Smith, tho cook, proocoded to grind ont Annio Lanrie, while the others listened . appreoiativcly. Pollock strolled away some little distance, to wbero his horso wns grazing. The animal lifted its head as he approeohed, and gavo a littio whinny of recognition, and as be ran bis hand along under tho thick, dark mano, it nuzzled against him in expeotanoy of the bisouit he oftentimes j oarriod in his pocket. Ha was a somewhat slightly built roan, but carried himself well, and his shoulders wera broad, and his limbs muscular. He was well liked, and by the men perhaps a littio feared. He was fond of his work, and had on rnrious occasions been compli mented on it at the bead ofiioo. He wai anxious now for. the morning to see the lay of tho country, and as ho looked about him be drow a long breath of satisfaction. He was pleased with his prospcots and with his party of men ; they were all excellent workero, and evon the twoprofaationors, whose hands wore soft, and had not yot ovoreomo tho exuberance of misohiovous spirits natural to sohoolboyt, gave him, so far, no oauso for complaint. But there was some thing ho Bteadily tried to avoid thinking of ;: something which for months had affcoteil him deeply, and now without apparent reason had invaded hiB thoughts. Possibly it was tho scent of musk u large dark leaved ties near him threw on the night air. Thoro had been a tree like it in. the old wild garden some miles from Molbourue, shading a rustic scat. Possibly it was tho quiat, .calm, starlit night; or both of them together ; ha did not know, but it was vain to esoape the thoughts and momories which had taken possession of liis bmin. For some timo ho stood there rubbing a hand slowly and meohnnically along his horse's neck, but the animal movsd away presontly, and then he walked slowly down to the bank of the creek. How long ho stood there lie did not know ; ho wont over the whole matter again in his mind, giving many memories, long storniy repressed, a hearing, aud (j ting to himself soraps aud Bantonoes from old letters. At last the horse's soft nose against his shoulder rebelled him to himself, and with a little laugh wbioh was half a sigh ho retired to his tent. Days followed ono anothor, work progressed, and overyonc onjoyed the oool evenings succeed ing the heat of noon, and as tho survey party sat on the banks of tho oreok, talking or sing ing and disoussing the affairs of tho day, it was deoided that n surveyor's life,'' though not all roses, yet held many plensurss and inducements that a olty bred man could never wot of. I And then one Sunday afternoon Pollook started off by liimielf for a walk; He foliowod the crock for nome littio way, and then struok in aoross country to a forn gully. It was very bright and warm, tho sun found all tbo brigh test tints In -the. native grass and in tho few late wild flowers. There was p faint breeze stirring in tlie trocs overhead. And as ho dosoended tlie hill wliioh led to tho oool fern shaded gnlly, it hore towards him mingled odors of wild shrubs and flowers. Wire grass wioatlied itself over great fallen logs, and about braoken and sword grass. . The desoent was vpry stcop, and presently tbo straight mottled hazel forming a fringe, gave plaee to splendid tree ferns, .thoir trunks wreathed with hart's tongue ami delicate moss, - Ho made his way along for some distance, and then, passing round tlie hole of an enormous white gum whoso crown of IcaveB was somo ISO feet from tlio ground, ho onmo to n tiny creek, fern shaded, graEs bnnltoil ; with one Jato wattlo Bhowing great olusters of golden bloom, nnd under it, her faco turned from him, a young girl. He recognised her in an instant, however ; evory lino and onrvc of her flguro was indelibly im pressed on his momory, tho set of her head, the very attitudo, all were eomplctcly familiar ; but bis lionrt was beating like a slodgo Iiammor, tho meeting wns so totally unexpected, and, he know to his oost, so entirely welcome. A branoh under his foot snapped, and tho girl turned towards him. He saw tho oolor rush to her face, a Buddcn light appear in her eyes, nnd hor hands, lying in her lap, tightened on each other. For fully a minute they gazed at one another with out speaking, and then the girl roso to her feet and oame slpwly towards liim. "How do you do?" alio said gravely, aud hold ont her hand. He returned her greeting, and looked curiously into her face, attempting to gather something of her feelings nnd the mood slio was in. "Are you glad to see mo?" eho asked, abruptly. "YeB,"he said simply. "Yow know I am." Ho looked at her bine eyos, lior bright hair, and then her lis parted in a friendly smile, and a dear little dimple grew in her chin. Overhead, in the long, graceful fronds of the troo ferns, tiny birds skimmed to and fro, and a wookpeaker made a faint tapping with his beak in a-distnnt tree. Tbo sun's rays penotratod here and thore, touching tho water in the little oreek and turning the shining specks of mica in its sandy .bottom to glittering gold. The girl was slight, but tail, hot face was oval and rather pale, but her dark eyes and oyeloshcB made a charming contrast to her fair hair. Pollook looked at her. as long ha he dared. Then ho said, drawing a long breath, "I am glad to tea yon, but I nm alao sorry." "Why?" Her glauoe was inquiring and in nocent. "Because I was learning to forgetyon." She drow herself up rather haughtily, and her eyolids drooped over her. oyes. "A pity that I should hare interfered with your peace of mind." Then sho laughed. It was impossible for hor to pretend to be dignified and angry. "Don't look so severe," she said. "Wo liavon't seen one another for more than a year, nnd now you nrs going to spoil this nioo little meeting. Whero have you come from ? " Pollock oxplaincd briefly. "Hive hore, " she returned. V Tills gully is on our land. I get so lonely, I am glad to meet you. Won't yon sit down ?" And as sho sig nified an old mossy log as a soat sho might havo besu in a drnwingroom, so gracious was hor manner. Pollook smiled. "Do you mean that you live in the gully? " he asked. ' She pouted. " Of course, you aro going to begin finding fault with the way I put my sen tences together ; you always used to. Our house is about a mile away. A big wooden building, with a verandah ail round and pines up the drive. You must have seen it if you havo boon surveying near here." A bright eyed lizard crept out of a log and surveyed them curiously; opposite, n mnnll branch, caught firmly in tho sand, bobbed slowly up and down in the current of the creok; a hanging strip of bark on the trunk of the big whito gum rattled in the breeze ; and in tho dis tance there was tlie loud, derisive caohinnntion of laughing jookosses. For somo half an hour the young people sat together, talking earnestly. Thore was so muoh to be. said, . so muoh to bo explained, they scarcely noticed tlio beauty of tlie saene about them, the shifting lights and shadows, the sweet socnts, but it affected them for nil , that, and when presoutly tlio girl rose, she said softly, " I am glad I mot you horo, Frank, vory glad, but wo mustn't sco caoh other again ; for a time at least," she added, as he began to protest. "But you'll believe in me this time, dear, wou't you ?" . He bent his liead gravely. "Forgive me for having doubted you, dnrling." Hor eyes woro very bright, a smile grew on her lips to hido their quivoring. Sho was very gciierone. " How could yon help it when you got in answer to that latter of yours , my horrid little note, bat I had to write it, though I tried my be3t to lot you see between the lines, as it were, that I was made write it." "And I was too blind, I only - saw tlie bare words, and imagined you a heartless littio girl, and over Binoe havo striven to forget you; but," looking at her with earnest eyes, "it was quite impos sible." " I am glad it was," she said simply, "for I had not forgotten you, but I must not meet you again dear, norwritetoyou." HerlipBqnivercd in real earnest this timo, and Pollock would have taken berin his arms, but sho moved away. " No," sho said ; "no"; then tears streamed down her cheek. " I try not to bo miserabio at home, but it is bo hard. I bare no companions, no ono to spoait to scaroelv but old Miss Bates ; you remember Miss Bates? A smile gleamed through the tears. " But I promised father I'd neither write to you nor hold any oommunioation with you ; I havo broken mv promise, and will tell him about it to-night. '' There was more pluck in her truth fulness than even Pollook could give ber credit for. Being a man, ha could not realise how com pletely she was in awe of and feared hor father, nor bow the eonfession would be undertaken in foar and trembling, her nervous foot lingering outside the study door, her unsteady fingors touching tlio door knob at least a dozen times boforo daring to turn it; . He drew aloser to her, ha longed to' take her in his arms, but she shook herlioad. "No, Frank;" She bold out hor hand, and as he took it and covered it with boLli his, ho looked down eagerly into her faoe. "Good-bye," sho said; but ho made no response, only tightened his grasp, and she heard his breath ooming quickly. "I must go, say good-byo to me, Frank." " Good-byo, darling!" nis voice was husky. " It is cruel to have met you likd this, and to have to part, not knowing wkou we'll see each otiier again, but I have your promise, and I'll win yon." She smiled up at him, and thon he bent nnd kissed ber lightly on the forohead. Sho Hushed, and then drawing hor hand away said: "I'll wait for you, dear." The setting sun sent a few bright rays be tween tho botes of tho trees, and touohed tho girl's fair hair, turning it to gold. She moved away n few stops, still looking back, and then Baid smiling, " Good-bye ; when wb meet again tbings will lie changed good-byo dear." And as sho mounted tho hill, be stood watching her till the last gleam' of lior white dress had dls- appsared, and turning ho found the gully ail In shadow, and no brightness left anywhere. Chapter III. For some days work had been entirely sus pended. All the country was on flrb for miles round, and a obnnge of wind was feared whioli would in all probability oarry the fire bofore it towards tho oamp, In that oaso it would be necessary to throw everything that would be inflammable into the series of little ponds still dignified by the name of the creek. Evory night the sun sank a dull crimson ball. tho very edgos blurred by tbo smoke. Every I morning Pollock 'and the others rose- hoping! against bops for rain, only to find the hard, dry I earth a little more pnrohed than it had been I before, lying hard and bnro under a sky whose olouds, heavy though thoy wore, . wero only I smoke. Ail oolor seemed burnt from the vege tation ; grass there was none to speak of,'!' At night thero- was a dull, lurid gtaro against the northern sky, and in pntclies bright gleam ing fires, obscured by day by tho' heavy.' smoke whioli rolled down before )the wind and pro claimed them to be still burning. And thon one morning, as Orowle, tho eldest of the two probationers, emerged from his tent, lie saw at onoe that something unusual was on hand, and hurried qver to where Smith, the cook, was rapidly serving out tho breakfast, not troubling this particular morning to lay the rongh wooden table, but banding to caoh one of tlio party bread, meat and a pannikin of tea. It wns very dark — almost as if a violent thun derstorm was impending — tho sky was all one dull dome of lead, deepening near the horizon to elaty purple. "What had beon dreaded for days had oome to pass ; tho wind had changed and was sweeping down towards the little camp a vast wave of fire, threatening to destroy, it. Pollock was clear headed and thoroughly prac tical, and in a few moments had sot ovoryone to work, nnd nlthougli he did more than his own fair share, ho had an eye to enoh ono of tho others, keeping Smith woll at it, he being the first one to Bhow eigns of flagging. Crowle was on the ontside edge, nearest tho creek. Such hard work had never -fallen to him before, bnt lie battled away manfully, till bis arms aohod witii wielding tlie heavy branoh ; and tho smoko made eyes and nostrils smart almost unbear ably. And even as he seemed to mako somo littio progress against the fire, it would Bpring up oioso to bis feet, having run along tbo ground in n tiny tongue almost liko water, catching at singlo dry twigs or blades of grass. Now. and again Pollock's voice oried oat cheerily, though somewhat hoarsely, "Keep at it, boys I" or "IV'o'rs making headway," But for the most part everyone worked Bitently, for tongues and throats were dry, and thoy saved thoir bieath ; and then again they had to shout to bo heard at all, for there wae tho eraoklo of the burning twigs and leaves, tho crash and swish of tho brandies, and above all, liko a deep bass, continuous, unceasing, the dull, hungry roar of tho approaching fire. At times Orowlo could not bco at all, and with one arm across his faco, ooyering his eyes, ran back before tho heavy burning smoke, which would beioh ont suddenly through some ehannol in tho undergrowth, atad be followed by sharp .tongues of fire. It would havo needed an army to havo done any real work against snoli n fire as that, and evon thon it is doubtful if itoould have been stommed for any length of time ; to stop it would bavo beon impossible. All Orowle's cnorgies wore directed now on a fiatoh of. blazing braoken and sword grass, which ay in tho open surrounded by belts of saplings and occasional full grown trees. His arms aobod, bis palms woro blistered, liis tongue was so dry that ho folt ohokod. In the taller trees tho flro was spreading, tho braoken was charred and ground to groy powder under his feet. His branch caught fire, the leayeB blazed up, closo at hand there was nothing from whioh to drag a now ono, and what he had in his hands was now a usoIcbs polo ; the fire was gaining on him fast, there was nothing for it now bnt to throw him self on the ground where sword grass and bracken had blazed itself out, and let the fire pass round him. He lay as flat as possible, feeling how hob the earth was, his head buried in his arms. It grew hotter and hotter; the roar of the fire seemed louder ; for a few moments all air seemed exhausted, and lie gaspeil for breath, raising liis hand, and seeing with dim, smoko blinded oyes, a towering fire, holding in its embrace skeleton trees otrippod of every loaf and tiny twig. Thanks to the wind it passed quiokly, and ho roso a few minntos later, gasping, choking, but unhurt, save for a singe ing, part of whioh inoluded his eyelashes and eyebrows. Tlio samo wave of firo rolled along until nearly up to tho camp, bnt Pollook was all at tention, nnd called everyone from tlie boating ont ; and tents were struck in loss time than they had ever been before, and were pitehed, with everything the men oould lay their hands on into the creek. Bessemer called after his mato, however, as he with the othora was retreating towards the water. , " I say, Orowle, just a second like a good fellow ; give us a hand with my box." Crowlo wbb not particularly willing. " Let it stay," lie said. " See the fire has passed right under the dray, nnd dono it no harm." " Oli, nevor mind the dray. Take hold of the handle, oome along, and let's run for it." And run they did, as well as two youngsters might, with so weighty a piooe of furniture ; nnd when thoy got oiose to the bank, pursued by tbo flames as tliey ran, they gave it a "one, two, threo !" and slung it into the oreek, followiug it themselves, and not a moment too booh, for tho walls of donse sorub, on either side of the water,- absolutely parched and withered with continuous heat, now took fire, aud roared and ornoklcd tremendously. Tho boys joined the rest of the party in sitting astrido a hugo log that had fallen into the oreek, and laughed heartily as Smith enmo panting down the bank, tho fryingpan over liis' shoulder. Why ho brought it it would bo diffi cult to say, probably foroa of babit ; but Pol-, look, making room for biin behind him on the log, at once put it to praotioal use, for no sooner wns Smith astride than he roocived liis orders. . "Fill your fryingpan and shower mo with water," and 'this1 was -dono repeatedly, Smith' pnfiing like a grampus as. ho .bent over to fill .the pan. Occasionally, tho others got a .four drops, bat only onough to be tantalising, for although from their feet to their knees tliey were in the water tho rest of their poor worn, out bodies seemed roasting as they sat between the two walls of burning scrub. Their turn camo lator, howovor, anil tho fryingpan was passed along from hand to baud. There was a continnat hissing sound as blaring leaves and twigs fell into the wator. The fierco light dazzled thoir oyes, and now and again little hot puffs of air mado then cough, and with ono ncoard they rubbed grimy'blnokened faces with grimier, biaokor hands. The drops of water had made little .clean streaks horo nnd there; and trioklcd from felt lmts on to dark boards and moustaobes. Tiio firo passed at length, nnd thoy got off the log to examine. tho site of thoir late camp. All tho evening was dovotod to hauling tents, eordsgcj &c,, out of the bed of the oreek, Tlie boys' tont was pitched with great difficulty, it was so heavy with water and mnd, so awkward to handle ; but it was fixed at length, pegs were hammered in, oorda tightened; and tliey set to work to scrub it down with brushes; The men did withont thoir tent, and Pollook betook him self to n neighboring homestead for tbs night. . Bessomer was very anxious about tho " instru ment". whioh ho had loft for safety at a squatter's homestead, for no plaoo seemed safe that uigbt. Tho tent was as wet as wet oould bo, but it was cool, and as evaporation sot in, all tho eoolor, The boys lay dawn an the dust nnd ashes inside, and did not mind too muoh the oonstant drip, drip from the ridgo pole. Thoy wore - young, aha knew rheumatism only by report; young as they were, however, and tired ont ae they were, they oonld-not sleop. I Smith gave them a pannikin of tea apiece at tho 1 tail of tho blaokened.dray,.and then they crept iuto-the tent again. Ail that night trees were falling with the orasli of thunder, and tlie stars overhead were binrrcd by drifting olouds of smoke. Thore was tho fonr of a giant trco standing out- sido falling on tho tent. Bessemer wished to shift again, bat Crowlo flatly refused, and langhod at bim as he rose nt least a dozen timos, "to see, "-as ho phrased it, "if the beastly thing was all right." .It was safe enough ;it .took fully two days' to bum right through,- and then foil with a mighty crash. - "Hy the way, what treasures had yon in your box ? asked Orowle as morning dawned, and thoy made their way to tho oreek for n wash. ' ' Some handkerchiefs a girl in England marked for me," replied Bessemer despon dently. " Handkorohiefs !" "Crowlo laughed. ""Was that all. They' were pretty heavy ones." V Ob, there was gunpowder there too ; thai weighed it down a hit." ' Crowlo' didn't laugh this time, bnt he gave his friend a piece of his .mind, and commented pretty strongly on tlie folly of carrying a box of gunpowdor through a fire. That morning after breakfast lie and Bessemer mado a rcconnoissance, and viewed the ruined country at their leisure. It was like tho day after a battle. Tho face ol tho country was completely changed ; for milos tho heavy sorub was entirely destroyed. Gannt trees still smouldered, and piles of logs, stripped of all branohes, . blazed steadily. ' The number of roasted and half roasted kangaroo and wallaby was extraordinary. Birds, too, and opossums without end. Tho fire atill burned hoavily in the ranges, and the heat wasswoltef- ing, : Clouds of white smoko swept down on the boyB as they trudged along over the blackened, burnt, brittle stubble. IVhoIe flocks of parra- qucts and parrots fell dead. or dying, each with a heavy thump. Tho only birds that sailed apparently uninjured through tho dense olouds of smoko were the eagle hawk, tho orow and tho magpie, and for the two former it was feast day, as they swooped and plunged on tho dead and dying below them. The settlers bad had heavy losses. Twenty- five thousand sheep were turned into roast mutton not - far away, fivo poor horses so terribly burnt that they had to be shot ; and, worso than all, somo people woro drowned in a water holo while trying to get a drink and oool themselvea First a little hoy fell in, then another, and the father, jumping in after them, ' succeeded in saving neither, and was drowned himsolf before the eyes of his agonisod wifo. Chapter IV. Late tlie evening after the fire, Pollook, aftei having awash and tidying himself as best ho could, wont off in tho direotion of tho gully. Tho fire lmd swept through it and down the approaehing bills. There was still a hot, almost suffocating, feeling in the air, and the hanging clouds of smoko stung in his nostrils as ho breathed. Tbo burnt twigs and grass crackled undor his feet as ho walked ; and tilt whole faoe of the country was bo ohanged thai be paused at timos to assure himself that hi was taking the right direotion up towards tho big wooden house, with its long rows of pines. Never beforo lmd he been inside tlio boundary feiioc, and as be arossed it now it was with con siderable ouriosity and excitement. Tlio home stead was safe enongb, and all the outbildings ; that was easily scon. The fire had swept by in the gully and aoross the hills. But some hundred feet away, near the stock yards, where the ground sloped sharply downward, be saw eome thin columns of emoko rising, and saw hero and there bright tongues of fire. Ho hurried forward, knowing that every extra hand was of tho greatost value, and as ho approaohod lie hoard a slirill voice cry, " Quiokly ; to the right, or we'll loso tho stables." In a moment, armed with a branch, lie wns again at work, and with three other mon who had barely given time to ncknowledgo bis approach, was fighting' the fire' as it crept insidiously along. in tho pale sun- dried grass, and blazed up iu patohes of braoken and rushes. Tbosun was setting, and as its lightgrewfainter tlie fire seemed momentarily to grow brighter and brighter. Pollock worked away heartily, and found scarcely time to tbink of the proximity of his beloved one. That ho was working for her, and her home, however, gavo fresh impulso to tired muscles and aching limbs, and be mado steady headway against tho fire, whiuh again and again stretched out beforo him, as if endeavoring to reaoh that braoken choked log fence to tho right. Suddenly thero was a loud cry- from tho fur ther onil of the paddook. " Tlio stables ; my God, the horses ! " The man nearest Pollook glanoed round, and then, in an instant was off in tlio direotion of the homestead, only pausing to cry out, "There's a racehorse in there the boss gave £600 for last week." Pollock was after him direotly, only assuring himself tliat what fire remainod behind could do but little damage, find that the ground it muBt travel oyer to reach the fence was olcor and bare. Bofore bim a dull light glared from a small shed ; a flying spark had ignited it probably, and already from between the palings that composed the walls little jotB of flamo issued. It was rapidly growing dark, and as lie reached the sheds he found it diffioult to distinguish tho different buildings. Two men were engaged in Eulling down the shed ; two more were bringing uckcts of water from a woll ; and ouperintond- ing, shouting directions, and working like a young and musaular man, was the master of the property. Pollook recognised him in an instant, though he had only seen him onco bofore, ami that in immaculate evening dress, but it would have boon diffioult to forget the spare, bony frame, tho straight stern features, and white beard and whiskers. Now, however, ho joined the men who woro' carrying water, and waited for a more suitubio occasion to introduoo him self. Tho red flames leapt out at crevices, blazed in tlie shingle roof, and hissed, splut- tored, and wont blue as the water descended upon thorn. Noxt to tho burning alied was a barn full of bay, and beyond that again the BtableB. Presently the danger seemed to have passed, the burning joists, posts and boards lay on the ground, blaokened for tbo most part, and only feebly blazing here and there. The men relaxed their efforts, and paused to wipe their streaming faces, and to take long draughts of water from the buokets. And then, even as they oongratulated enoh other on their good luok, a ficroo tight -buret out direotly above them, and the great barn was in flames. There was no hope of saving that. Even in that first glance it was only tooevident tliatthe whole barn, with tlie golden produos of the many wide acres, was entirely in the possession of the fire. " Get tho horses out of tho stable," was the lond ory, and in a moment the doors wore flung wide, and the mon untied tlie half dozen animals in the stable, and began to lead them ' out. But a ' great black horse, with dilated nostrils, quivering oars and wild oyes seemod turned to stone, and was aa immovable as the great rodgnm block to whioh he had been tied. In vain tho groom and another man ooaxed and pulled at the halter ; in vain his master'ondeavored to soothe and quieten him, he gazed through tho bars at the firo, and ever as it grew brigtor ho gavo a littio shiver, , and aeemod to set liia hoofs more firmly on the - ground. , The othor horses had all been led away, and . tied up on tho further sido of tho bouse, and Pollook watching at tho door felt something of ' tho excitement, anger and anxiety winch was causing the blaok horae'a master to alternately gwear and cajolo, one momont to drag at the rein, another to run a caressing hand along tho shining black neok, ondeavoring to soothe a fear whioh allowed neither instinct nor command to ovor. como it. The fire roared in tho big barn, tho whole yard was now as light as day, and the men's faces showed white and anxious as they did all in their power to minimiso the danger and pre- vont any further spreading of the firo. Tho hay was now one glowing quivering mass, dazzling, radiating a ficrco heat, and making a centre from whence great sheets of flame burst out at wails and roof. The blaok horso had not moved, his head was a little lower, his eyes were fixed on tho brilliant light wliioli showed through the bars, and ho paid absolutely no attention to tho men around him, pull ing, ' dragging, coaxing, and at last beatinghim. Already the heat in the stable was intense, iron rings and cliainB shone in tho brightlight, and the horse's glossy skin refleoted the red glow. The men were swearing now, and goaded to unreasoning anger by his obstinacy, kicked and beat him, but he appeared never to notice them, though now he . began to tremble violontly, and to snort and whinny. A great tougiio of flame hurst through tho wall to the right, and the whole stable filled with smoke. It would bo impossible to stay tliero' many minutes longer ; tho terrified animal would liavo to be left to his fate. One man ran out gasping and choking, another' shouted hoarsely for water. Still tho horse remained immovable, but for tho thin nervous ears whioh twitched, and for tho quivering noatril. Tho men could do no more ; one last drag at the rein, one long endeavor with voice and wrist to coax him, and even bis master ' had to givo in. Flames were creeping along the stalls now, blazing up on the floor in the bracken bedding, and among tho hay in the focd boxes. And then Pollock went for ward. He knew something of horses, and yet lie could scarcely flatter hiinsolf that whero the others had failed ho might succeed. In any case ha had but a few moments. Ho pioked up a heavy rug and throw it around the animal's head, ho dipped a rag in a buokot of water at the dnor, and placed it against the soft mouth. Tho roar of the firo was deadened in the nervous ears, the air seemed cooler to his breath. Ho wes all in darkness too, and though for a moment he shivered, and then plunged violently, the next lie answered to tho rein, and allowed Pollock to lead him" out 'to .a plaoo of safety. Thero was a qbcer a moment" after, and then the master came forward, and, holding "out - his hand, said, " You've saved me £600 to-night, young man, and as my name is Alco. WarnleTgb, I'll not forgot it." " Thero was much linrd work to bs done yet, however, and Pollock took his eharb with tho rest, and thus it was long past midnight when ho ontercd tho library witli ' old Aleo. Wnrn- loigh, to liave some refreshment beforo turning in for tho night. "Your face is familiar to me," said his host, "Hove I ever seen you before?" " My name is Pollock," was the answsr. "You have seen me before." Alec. Warnleigh leaned forward, his palms resting on the table, and stared for some moments at his guest, hut ho said nothing, though there was inquiry, astonishment and tome degree of humor in his keen, grey eyes. Pollock returned liia gaze. That they were botli in their shirt sleovcs, both bare armod, bare nocked, covered with amcars and stains, and that Pollock had a 'great scared burn running all along his hand and wrist, were matters of little interest just then. " You met mv'daughtor about a month ago ?" said tho old man, at iBst. : - " I "did," answered Pollook, hriofly. "I forbade her to have anythiug to do with you." "So I understood." Tho younger man's gazo was undaunted, tho older one's keen and in quiring. ' Again there was silcnao for some moments, then Aleo "Warnleigh turned and produced from a sideboard bottles and glasses. " I suppose," ho said, alowly, " it is possible that I have made a mistake in my opinion of you. When I met you in town I imagined you a feablo whipper-snapper; to-night you havo proved yourself a man. "Will you forgive an old man a too hasty judgmont, and stay over the morning and havo a yarn with Kitty ?" and lor tho second time that evening bo held out bis band. In tho garden, where a big iaurustinuo bush Bhaded a rustio seat, and whero a late pink'roso bad shed its petals on tho ground, sat Kitty, and her two hands were clasped tightly In her lover's, and she looked sliily up'into his eyes. "My darling: girl," ho said,- "to think" that my saving the horse was tho means of winning your father's favor." i She drew a littlo .closer to him, andho put his arms about her, and with her head on his shoulder she. whispered, "It. is so dreadful to think of all the misery the fire has caused, aud yot it lino brought us our great happiness,"