7950_3_11_1894_6_II__72422663.txtCHAPTER III. THE FIRST KISS. 

  

 Before leaving home on his trip to Melbourne with the stock for market, Arthur Landon had been commissioned by his father and Haley to engage a tutor for the children of both families. This needful person he found in a young man whose age could not exeeed twenty, and who had been one of Jack Tantrum's drivers. How Jack fell in with 

 this person was a mystery to Arthur, for he 

 appeared far superior to either Jack, himself, or his other men, who were of the usual rough type of Australian stockman. The young fellow, whose name was Frank Anstey, 

 seemed to have seen better days both by appearanee, conversation and manners. The other drivers took every opportunity of 

 insulting and keeping him under, calling him by several nicknames such as "Gentleman 

 stockrider," "Swell stockman," and other epithets. Frank Anstey bore all these insulting 

 inuendoes with meekness, until they disposed of the stock. Then, on hearing Arthur - who became a great favourite of his - mention about finding a teacher, he profferred his services. On finding out that Jack Tantrum had no binding agreement with Anstey, Arthur engaged him at once. But when Jack heard of the engagement he became greatly enraged. This conduct on the part of Tantrum surprised Arthur, as Jack's conduct towards Anstey had always been tyrannical, and as evidencing carelessness about his services. Our hero consequently guessed there must be some mystery connected with the terms between the parties, as Jack held several private consultations with the young man, pressing on him, apparently, to renew his engagement with himself, But this 

 Anstey stubbornly refused ; and, seeing him determined, the former exclaimed with a terrible oath : - 

 

 " Never mind my young buck, I shall be upsides with you one of these days." 

 Anstey appeared a little alarmed at the threat. However, he seemed resolved on getting clear of the bold dealer's toils. 

 Arthur questioned the young man several times as to his engagements with his former employer, and where Jack's station - the " Horseshoe " was situated - a mystery which no person in Maneroo could solve - neither of which questions would Anstey answer, which left Arthur still more surprised. 

 We will now give the reader all the infor- mation in our power regarding Jack Tantrum up to this time. He was one of those sharp bushmen who raise themselves from stockmen to dealers in cattle and horses. Jack was first suspected of earning the greater part of his income by hiding or "planting" stock in those wild and unfrequented gullies among the Alps, and whenever rewards were offered for those "strayed" " lost " cattle, he was sure to bring them to " light," and, as a matter of course, claim the reward. Several suspected persons had been found out and convicted for their offences, but Tantrum was too "knowing,'* and "wide-a-wake" to be caught, besides being the most experienced rider and bushman in the colonies. He was also suspected of "duffing" or changing brands, but even that charge was never proved against him. If he had done so, the knowing ones declared, it must have been done so " neatly," that he 

 could never be " balled out." There was one suspicious characteristic about his stock that they were all branded afresh with a horseshoe, from under which some sharp-eyed people could discern obliterations of original brands. Notwithstanding all these declarations, Jack sailed as yet clear of the law, and carried on his profitable speculations without interruption. 

 In looks and person he was a very smart and attractive young fellow, with all the accomplishments of a real bushman. His language included all the Australian bush slang, but he was nevertheless, a witty and an aggreeable oompanion. 

 His beat, or those parts in which be carried on his trade, ranged through Maneroo, Two FoId Bay, Gippsland, Melbourne and Adelaide, following down the Murray through the Darling country. Sometimes he would take a trip to Queensland, and, occasionally, to Sydney, so that he had travelled all over the colonies in his time. When asked where his "bit of a run" (as he termed it), the "Horseshoe," was situated, the answer waa always : 

 " Oh, it is only a bit of scrubby country among the mountains." It seemed evident, however - although no person knew of its whereabouts - that it could not be far distant from Landon and Haley's runs, for Jack and his drivers invariably passed through these on his way to and from Melbourne and Gippsland. Another peculiarity about his affairs was that he always had the same men, who seemed to have an interest or share in the transactions carried on by him, and, by all appearance, they lived in perfect harmony and understanding with one another. 

 Arthur Landon and they did not seem to pull together very well during their late trip, and the engaging of Anstey widened the breach between himself and Tantrum still 

 more, which the former had no objection to, never liking the forward and suspicious dealer's mode of carrying on business. He, therefore, resolved to drive his own stock to market for the future. 

 On arriving at home, the family greeted him with joy after so long an absence, and the small presents he brought from Melbourne for each member were gratefully received. 

 

 Next morning, according to custom, he rode over to Haley's with Kathleen's gift of books and other littie articles, which were this time more valuable than usual, coming from the grand city of Melbourne, and on arriving, he waa surprised to hear that Jack Tantrum had been there the previous night, and had only left a few minutes before. This news puzzled him the more, as he understood before he left Melbourne, that the horse-dealer 

 intended starting by the Sydney-road round the Murray, but now he must have followed closely on the heels of Anstey and himself. 

 Kathleen was in ecstacies on the receipt of her valuable presents, and also the arrival of the donor. Arthur proposed to take the customary ride through the run to see the stock which had been neglected since he left, to which suggestion Kathleen agreeably consented, and, accordingly," Kate Karney," her favorite steed was instantly saddled and bridled. 

 It was a pretty eight to see the youthful pair setting out on this pleasant ride, " Kate Karney" prancing and rearing with impatience, while her beautiful rider gracefully moved with each bound, and gently curbed her mettled steed, while Arthur cracked his long whip as he cantered by her aide to gather his cattle - his kangaroo dogs round them. Kathleen's silvery and merry laugh at the pleasant prospect of a long ride could be heard ringing on the morning breeze, while her cheeks glowed and ber brilliant eyes sparkled, illuminating her lovely face. Arthur could not take his eyes off her, and wondered at his own stupidity that he had never before observed her many charms, which so completely eclipsed all the Melbourne 

 beauties he had seen. Kathleen detected 

 him so often looking at her, and not interpreting the reason, her cheeks became more deeply coloured, when she observed : 

 " Why do you look at me so hard, Arthur ? I suppose you see me so coarse and ugly after the fine Melbourne ladies ?" 

 " You are neither coarse nor ugly, Kathleen, but I cannot help seeing the great change in you since I left. You are really a grown up woman." 

 " Well, well. Arthur ! that is really rich ! a grown np woman ? How could I grow up a woman in two months since you left ? It is only an excuse of yours to say that you don't like to tell me that I am vulgar looking after the fashionable town ladies." 

 " You am perfectly mistaken, Kathleen. You are far more natural, and natural looking in my eyes, than the artificial, starched and laced up town ladies I saw." 

 " Is not your Lizzy far nicer and genteeler looking than I?" 

 " She is very pretty, I think ; but a brother is no judge, she is not so tall or good-looking to my fancy aa you are, Kathleen." 

 " Now, now, Arthur, that is too much, I 

 

 shall think you are flattering like Jack Tantram 

 was last night." 

 " I never flatter, Kathleen, I am telling my 

 mind only." 

 " Yes, I suppose so. How nicely I would look this moment if I was galloping through Melbourne streets and cracking my whip. They would soon put me in the madhouse." 

 This ridioulous idea and remark of the lovely Kathleen made tha pair laugh so heartily that the sound of their merriment rang through the gully and ranges around. 

 After a while Arthur remarked with more anxiety than usual, " What was that you said about Jack Tantrum flattering you ?" 

 " So he was, the nasty fellow. I hate that man. What do you think of his impudence - offering me a lot of presents he brought from Melbourne ? The same as if I would take his trash." 

 " What did you say to him, Kathleen ?" 

 " I told him that I did not want his presents, and that you were bringing everything I wanted. But just fancy what be said ? " Oh !" says be. I can afford better than Arthur Landon to give presents ;" but I made him wild when I answered that they were more acceptable from you." 

 " I am very glad you said so, and also that you refused his presents, for I do not think he is a proper person. I'll never again travel with him : something tells me that he is not honest 

 in his dealings." 

 " I felt the same suspicion towards him, and, although he seems to be a pleasant person in company, I feel myself tremble every time he speaks to or looks at me. I cannot make out the reason, but somehow I 

 feel afraid of his looks." 

 " Well, Kathleen, he ia a good looking fellow you must admit, far better looking and 

 nicer than I am." 

 " Not to my fancy, Arthur ; other people might think so." 

 Thus the pair chatted away while they walked their horses down a long valley towards some waterholes where they intended to give their horses a drink and some rest during the heat of the day. They now changed the subject of their conversation, and Arthur gave his eager listener a detail of all his adventures since he left. The incident of Black Thursday interested his fair companion very much ; and above all, the novelties and plays he attended and witnessed in Melbourne. 

 On arriving at the water holes they turned their horses loose, and sat down themselves under the shade of a cherry tree, when Arthur renewed the interesting subject of play acting, and rehearsed several parts and passages which his well stored memory supplied him with. Both were so much taken up with the subject that Kathleen begged Arthur to act a small part in order to 

 give her an idea how it was performed. 

 Arthur, eager to comply with her request, proposed to introduce a small part of his favorite play, " Romeo and Juliet," and, as he remembered several passages in that piece, he of course acted Romeo while Kathleen 

 decked her hair with wild flowers to represent the Juliet, and we question whether the original character could surpass the beautiful bush girl in loveliness or looks. 

 The part which Arthur undertook was that portion of Act 1 in some fifth, when Borneo and Juliet first met in her father's house. Arthur succeeded well with his rehearsal, putting Kathleen through her part also, until he came to those words : 

 Romeo. - " Then move not ; while my 

 prayers' effect I take. 

 Then from my lips, by thine, my sin is purged." ( Kissing her.) 

 Arthur in the excitement ot the moment 

 considering it his bounden duty to go through the performance, kissed Kathleen's lips before she had time to consider the act, and when they felt the warm pressure, both blushed with confusion, which, as may be supposed, brought the play to a sudden termination, as this was the first time that their had lips met. 

 Kathleen was the first to speak after this awkward interruption, saying : 

 " Oh why did you do that ? I had no idea that was a part ot it." 

 " I forgot myself at the moment with the excitement and imitating the actors in Melbourne," replied Arthur with some confusion. 

 

 " Surely the women on the stage would not act that part before the public ?" 

 " Of oourse they do, because it is part of the play, Kathleen." 

 At this moment the dogs began to bark, which interrupted the would-be actors, and, 

 on their looking in the direction which the dogs took, they beheld to their mortification Jack Trantrum riding slowly on the opposite side of the waterhole, being, no doubt, a spectator of their ridiculous performance in 

 the wild forest. 

 "Oh my gracious, what a shame !" burst from poor Kathleen, nearly dropping with 

 confusion. 

 " Bother, it is rather awkward. That fellow will be everywhere where not wanted," added Arthur, quite annoyed at his own impropriety. 

 " He'll tell it all over the country ! I wish I had not left home," exclaimed Kathleen in great trouble. 

 " I'll never ask you to ride with me again Kathleen, if you are so very much annoyed at my kissing you. We are not the first that have done so," remarked Arthur, with some disappointment and bitterness in his voice ; for something like jealousy seized him at that moment, seeing Kathleen so much vexed at Trantum catching her in the act. Poor Kathleen hang down her head, and her eyes could not meet those of her companion for the first time in her life. Arthur, seeing her confusion, his noble heart melted at once, and he softly added : 

 " You are not angry, Kathleen, at my kissing you ?" 

 "No, Arthur, it was only for that fellow seeing us. He may think we are always going so." 

 

 " Never mind, Kathleen, we'll never give him the chance again. We will start for 

 home at once." 

 With that Arthur caught the horses, helped Kathleen into the saddle, and, while placing her habit properly round her, he beheld her cheeks still mounted with crimson, while her looks evaded his gaze. He wondered that she still felt annoyed at him, as he thought, nor could she reply to bis conversation without a tremor in her voice, so that very little talk passed between them on their homeward 

 ride. 

 On arriving at her father's house, and when helping her out ot the saddle he felt her tremble in his arms, and lean heavier than usual upon him, while a sigh escaped her, not as in former days when she invariably sprang to the ground without his assistance. In placing her on the ground this day he whispered in her ears lest any of the family should overhear them, and thinking she was still annoyed at his mistake. 

 " Tell me, Kathleen, are you still angry with me ?" 

 " No, no, Arthur ! but I feel so strange now when you touch me," she replied, in a low key. 

 Poor innocent children ! Little did they imagine the effects of that first unpremeditated kiss. It was on his way home to his father's house, that Arthur became aware of the sudden transformation in his feeling towards Kathleen. Her unrivalled beauty became more apparent aa he dwelt upon her image. That soft and musical whisper she spoke in his ear when his arms was sweeter than all the music he ever heard. The delightful thrill which the pressure of her pouting her lips sent through his heart still vibrated in his veins, The joyful girl of the morning changed in one instant into a loving and 

 beautiful woman. But what were Kathleen's feelings during this time ? Her mother wondered at the daughter's apparent lethargy and quietness. Kathleen, without changing her habit as usual, sat in her room with the door closed. Her eyes gazed forth into vacancy .and a stifled sigh would escape her now and then. What strange sensations passed through her heart since that moment when Arthur's lips touched hers ? Was there witchcraft in the kiss which caused such unaccountable feelings ; or was it a mesmeric influence that was in Arthur's touch ? She had read, and heard Arthur describe that morning, the extraordinary powers of the professor of electrobiology who he saw performing in Melbourne. Could Arthur have that gift which made her 

 so passive in his arms, when he assisted her 

 off the horse, and, above all, that kiss which she still felt on her lips ? She could not comprehend the reason that made her now so shy to look into his face. 

 Thus she communed with her own thoughts, when her mother called from the next room : 

 

 " Kathleen, my honey, are you ill ? What is the matter ? I hope you had no fall ?" 

 " Oh not all, my dear mother ; I only feel a little tired," replied Kathleen, evasively, with a slight tremor in her soft voice. 

 " I'm sure there is something the matter with you, my child, I know by your voice. 

 You should not ride on these hot days, for fear of getting sunstroke," added the 

 anxious parent ; but her daughter made some excuse which quietened her mother's apprehensions. If that lady but knew that the real cause of her daughters ailment was 

 Arthur's kiss she would have indulged in a 

 hearty laugh ; for many a time as a girl, she had 

 been treated in the same manner herself by the " boys " in her native land, and 

 never thought of it the next moment. It was the custom there, but not so in the bush of Australia. Kathleen had never been treated 

 with such familiarity before, and the effect of it caused a strange revolution in her feelings, which no one but those who have experienced sensations produced by a virgin embrace 

 could understand. 

 Instead of being annoyed at it, as poor Arthur had imagined by Kathleen's singular 

 conduct and quietness, the more she thought on the action, the more sacred and delightful it seemed to her mind. She could still 

 feel the sweet touch on her lips and tingling through her nerves, and came to the resolution not to taste food or drink for some time , lest the charming sensation should be obliterated from her lips. 

 These innocent ideas may seem ridiculous and childish to the worldly fair, ignorant of the veneration held by the innocent child of nature towards the first kiss of love. 

 To Be Continued.