ARTHUR LANDON, THE -U:.a STRALI'N BUSHM . By ANGUS MACLEAN (Co ntinued from our loast. OHAPTBB IIL Before leaving home on his trip to Mel. bourne with the stock for market, Arthur Landon had been commissioned by his father and Haley to engage a tutor for the children of both families. This needful person he found in a young man whose age could not exceed twenty, and who had been one of Jack Tantrum'e drivers.Ho w Jack fell in with tt , Ieseon n was a mystery , Areraur, Tr he appeared far superior to either Jack, himself, or his other men, who were of the usual rough type of Australian stookmen. The young fellow, whose namewae FrankAnstey, seemed to have seen better days both by ap pearance, conversation and manners. The other drivers took every opportunity of in rmaing and keeping him under, calling him byseveral nicknames such as "Gentleman steckrider," "Swell stockman," and other epithets. rank Anustey bore all these in solting innendoes with meekness, until they disposed of the stock. Then, on hearing Arhur--who-w b?me a great fivorite of his mention about finding a teachber,he profferred his services. On finding out that Jack Tan trum had no binding agreement with Anstey, Arthur engaged him at once. But when Jack heard of the engagement he became greatly enraged. This conduct on the part of Tantrum surprised Arthur, as Jack's con. duct towardsAnsteyhadalways been tyranni eal, and as evidencing carelessness about his ewirees. Oar hero consequently guessed there moust be some mystery connected with the terms between the parties, as Jack held several private consultations with ths young man, presesing on him, apparently, to renew his engagement with himsell, But this Anseey refused stubbornly, when the former exclaimed with a terrible oath-seeing him determined : "Hever mind myyoung hunk, I shall he ojpsidee with you one o! these days." Anstey appeared a little alarmed at the threat However, he seemed resolved on getting clear of the bold dealera's toils. Arthur questioned the young man several times as to his engagements with his former employer, and where Jaek's etationo-the "Horreshoe" was situated-a mystery which no person in Maneroo could solve-neither of which questions would Anstoy answer, whish left Arthur stsilmore surprised. We will now give the reader all the infer. mation in our power regarding Jack Tan. trnm up tothis time. He was ne of those sharp bushmen who mraise themselves from stockmen to dealers in cattle and hormes. Jack was first anspeated of earning the greater part of his income by hiding or tplanting" stockin those wild and unfre quented gullies among the Alps, and when ever rewards were offered for those "strayed" "lost" cattle, he was sure to bring them to "light," and, as a matter of course, claim the reward. Several esuspected persons bad been found out and convicted for these offences, but Tantrum was too "knowing," and "wide-a-wake" to be caught, besides being the most experieneed rider and bush man in the colonies. He was ale suospected of" doffing" or changing brands, but even that charge was never proved against him. yf hbe had done so, the knowing ones declared It must have been done so" neatly," that he could never b balled out. There wasone suspicious characteristic about his stock that they were all branded afresh with a horse shoe. from nnder which some sharp.eyed people could discern obliterations of original brands. Notwithstanding all these delars tions, Jack asiled as yet clear of the law, and carried on his profitable speculations without interruption. In looks and person hoe was a very smart and attractive yoong fellow, with all the ano complshmnents of a real bushman. His language incolded all the Australian bouh slang,bnt he was nevertheless, awitty and an aggereeable companion. Hie beat, or those parts in which he ear ried on his trade, ranged through Maneroo, Twofold Bay, Gippaland, Melbourne, and Adelaide, following down the Murray through the Darling country. Sometimes he would take a trip to Qoeensland, and, occasionally, to Sydney, ro that he had travelled all over the colonies in his time. When ask?l where his"bit of a run" (as be termed it), the 'Horseshoe," was eituated, the answer was " Obh it is only a bit of ecruoby country 4 asi a themoountains. ; It seemed evident, -'hdowsever d thohgh no person knew of its .wareabonots-that It could not be far distant from Landon aud Haley'r runs, for Jack and hidpivers invariably passed through there .mn.'hisway to and from Melhourea and Gdippsland.h Another peuliarity about his irahs was that he alway; had the same men, who seemed to have an interest or share in the transactions carried on by him, and, by al appearance, they livod in perfect har mony and understanding with one another. Arthur Landon and they did not seem to pull together very welt during their late trip, and the engaging of Anetey widened the boreanch between himerlf and Tantrum still more, which thi farmer had no objection toi, never liking the forward and suspicious dealer's mode of earrying on business, He, therefore, resolved to drive his own stock to market for the fluture. On arriving at home, the family greeted him with joy after so long an abeenee, and the small preeente he brought from Mel bourne for each member were gratefully re. "seived. Next morning, according to custom, he rode over to Haley's with Kathleen's gift of books and other little artieles, which were this time more valuable than usual, coming Wman. Sasis.--u CEy retoro to o dolrtolelmr An elegant drong, rltoften.s, and ber?uflOf. No0on amrgmase.. A tolne restoralive. atopf karcomlng o s?r?ngrthbens, lesnes, heals sealps.--Aov Tne Berfle?r rlorer Iarise?oe.--noas'. CnaOis Risses ae mnfidently Ieommutded as a Omple Remedy fer tndlemtlon, whih Is the ?m?e of nearly all the dieesto which we are sollect, l2onre's Petoe, with jlustice aled the 'Natural Streonthenrr of the limaon stomach," atosa power rti toni lond gentls apetlmt, ar mild in lheia opern tian and sae mndm any temametaseo. 

 from thegrand city of Melbourne, and. on arriving, he was surprised to hear that Jack Tantrum had been there the night previous, and onlysleft a few minutes before. Thisnews puzzled him the more, as he understood be. fore he left Melbourne. that the horse-dealer intended starting by the Sydney-road round the Morray. but now he most have followed himself and Anstey closely on their heels. Kathleen was in eetaciae on the receipt of her valuable presents, and also the arrival of the doner. Arthur proposed to take the customary ride through the run to ree the atock,whish had been neglected sinte be left, to which suggestion Kathleen agreeably con sented, and, accordingly," Kate Karney," her favorite steed was instantly saddled and bridled. It was a pretty eight to see the yuothflo pair setting oat on this pleasant ride, "Kite arney" pra?cingand rearing with imps. tience, while her beautiful rider gracefully moved with each bound, and gently curbed her mettled steed, while Arthur cracked his long whip as he cantered by her side to gather his cattle--hbi kangaroo dogs round them. Kathleen'e silvery and merry bouch 'at the pleasant prospect of a long ride could 'be heard ringing on the morning brerze, while her cheeks glowed and her brilliant eyes sparkled, illuminating her lovely face. Arthur could not take his eyes off her, and wondered at his own stupidity that hae never before now observed her many charms, which so completely eclipsed all the Melb srne beaoties he had seen. Kathlecn deested him so often looking at her, and not inter. preting the reason, her cheeks became more deeply coleored, when she observed: " Why do you look at me so hard Arthur ? I suppose you see me so coarseand glyafter Sth fnes Mlbonrne dldies ?" "Yn are neither coarse nor ugly, Kath. een; but I cannot help seeing the great 'change in you since I left. You are really a grown up woman." - Well, well. Arthr t that is really rich Ia grown up woman ? How could I grow up a woman in two months since you left 7 It is only an excuse of yours to say that yon don't like to tell me that I am vuluar looking alter the fashionable town ladies." "You are perfectly mistaken, Kathleen. You are far more natural, and n ooking in my eyes than the artificial, starched and laced up town ladies I saw." "Is not your Lizzy far nior and ganteeler. 'looking than I " "She is very pretty, I think; hbut a brother is no judge, she is not so tall or good-looking 'to my fancy as you are, Kathleen." SNoew, now, Arthur, that is too much. I shall think youn are flattering like Jack Tan. 'trm lot night." " I never flatter, Kathleen, I am telling my mind only." "Yea, I seppoeeso. How nicely I would look this moment if I were galloping through Mel. bonurne streets and cracking my whip. They would soon pot me in the madhouse." This ridiulonos idea and remark of the ively Kathleen made the pair laugh so heartily that the sound of their merriment rang through the gully and ranges around. Aftera while Arthur remarked with more anxiety than usual, " What was that yon said aboot Jack Tantrum flattering you '" "So be was, the nasty fellow. I hate that man. What do you think of his impudence offering me a lot of presents he brought from Melbourne? The same as if I would take his trash." '"What did yon say to him, Kathleen?" "I told him that I did not want his pre sents, and that yon were bringino everything I wanted. But just fancy what he said? ' Oh ' says he, I can afford better than !Arthur Landon to give presents;" but Imade him wild when I answered that they were more acceptable from you." "I am very glad you said so, and also that you refused his presentes,forI do not think heis a proper person. I'll never again travel with chim; something 'tele me that he is nothonest in his dealings." "I felt the same suspicion towards him, and, although he seems to be a pleasant person in company. I feel myself tremble every time he epeaks to or looks at me. I ' annot make out the reason, but somehow I feel afraid of his looks." " Well, Kathleen, he is a good looking fellowyon moust admit, far better looking and nicer than I am." "Not to my fancy, Arthur; other people might think so." Thus the pair chatted away while they walked their horses down a long valley to wwards some waterholes where they intended to gives their horses a drink and some rest during the heat of the day. They now changed the subject of their conversation, and Arthur gave his eager listener a detail of all his adventures since he left. The incident of Black Thursday interested his fair companion very much: and above all, the novelties and plays he attended and witnessed in Melbourne. ,cn ,.,rvoIg at t0he water holes they turned their bhres loosee, and eat down themselves _Lder the shade of a cherry tree, when Arthur renewed thc minresting subject of play acting, and rehearsed several parts and passages whish his well stored memor supplied him with. Both were so much taken up with the nobject that Kathleen begged Arthur to act a small part in order to give her an idea bow it was performed. Arthur, eager to comply with her reqaest, proposed to introduce a small part of his favorite play, " Romeo and Joliet," and, as he rememberd several passages in that piece, he of course acted Romeo while Kathleen decked her hair withwild flowers to represent the Juliet, and we question whether the original character could surpass the beauti fnl baush girl in loveliness or looks. The part which Arthur undertook was that portion of Act 1 in scene filth, when Romeo and Juliet first met in her father's house. Arthur succeeded well with his rehearsal, putting Kathleen through herpart also, until he came to those words: Bomeo. -- "Then move not; while my prayera' effect I take, Thus from my lips, by thine, my sin is purged." [Kissingher.j Arthur in the exeitement cf the moment considering it his boondon doty to go through the performance, kissed IKathleren's lips before abhe had time to consider the act, and when they felt the warm pressure, both blushed with confusion, which, as may be supposed, broughc the play to a sudden termination, an thin was,.the first timeJphal their hid lips met. . t.hs Kathleen was the flnistto sp eak:after this awkward interruption, saying:" ' " Oh why did you do that ?' I hiad n idea that was a part of it. . "I forgot mysel at the moment with the excitement and imitating the antors in Mel. bourne," replied Arthur with some con. fusoeion. "S nly the women on the stage would not act that part before the public ?" " O1 conrse they do, because it is part of the play. Kathleen." At this moment the dogs began to bark, which interrupted the would-be actors, and, on their looking in the direction which the dogs lem, they beheld to their mortioEation Jack Trautrum riding clowly on the opposite side of the waterbole, being, no doubt, a spectator of their ridieolons performance in the wild forest. "Oh my racious what a shame I" burst from poor Kathleen, nearly dropping with "Bo er, it is rather awkward. That fellow will be everywhere wher not wanted," added Arthur, quite annoyed at his own im propriety. "He'll taoUt| ll sverthn'cuncryl I Wish