ARTHUR LANDON, THE AUSTRALIAN BUSHMAN. -o BY ANCUS MACLEAN. A nIIOn orF "HAnnt BLOOIFEILD," oC. CHAPTER VII -(ComrTScus ) "I am ashamed,for I am too old to do that now." " You have the wish though, haven't you, Nin ?" added Mrs. Whitford, stroking the girl's pretty looks, and smiling at Arthur. "I have," whispered Nina, softly, without raising her face. " Tnat is snflicient now for M-. Landon, I suppose, 'the wish is as good as the act,' the old proverb says. Now, since you are ashamed to give Mr. Landon a kiss, you will no: rbjsct to play and sing for him," added Mrs. Whitford. " Oh, I'll do that with pleasure," replied Nins, flying to the piano with a happy coun. tenance. Arthur took a seat at one end of the in. etrument, in full view of the player's coan. tenance and the rapid movement of her fingers. We must mention here that Arthur was a ehreeolocist as well as a ohisiognomist, on a ones ecrne, naveng suaolea works u.uu, Ue branooches of science. The first feature in Nins's brow which struck him, was the visible development of the organ of music, which gave her expression an old fashioned cast for a girl ot her age. But, in order to give the reader a fuller and plainer picture of the interesting creature we shall place ourselves in Arthur's sent. The next feature which attracted the attention was the pro minence of the nose. The month was rather large, but beautifully shaped, exhibiting a pretty set of teeth. The forehead was large and white as marble: but the eyes were far the most remarkable and pleasant feature in her countenance. Their color was dark blue. They were large and most expressive, giving a kind of splendour and intellectual light to her whole countenance. And when pleased or excited, a brilliant halo animated her face which caused the utmost admiration in the mind of the beholder, as if he gazed upon some bright picture of celestial being. Nina, on this occasion, with her generous and affectionate feelings gushing from her young heart, in order to please her former protector, excelled herself in playing and singing. It almost electrified Arthur to hear such enchanting strains issuing from the lips and moved by the pliant fingers of so young a creature. He almost fancied he was listening to one of those hymns said to pro. oed from the regions of bliss, and Nina, whese delighted glance viewed with heartfelt gladness the pleasant inspirations which her music so evidently infused in the heart of 'rer captivated auditor, played and sang her most charming pieces without interruption or seeming fatigue. CHAPTER VIII lIoA PRESENTS HEB TOBHR?NTRB. While Arthur sat thus enraptured by Nina's thrilling harmony, the door of the room opened noiselessly, and a pair of mis. chievous eyes peeped in, the owner of which, on perceiving a stranger before him, ad vanced boldly. On hearing him the young player sprang to her feet, exclaiming defi sntly: "Abs, my bold Mr. Impudence I You did not catch me this time,I have now a guardian who will keep you off." The person to whom this caution was ad dressed was a handsome young man about twenty, and whose provoking smile at the excited Nina revealed his teasing proclivities. ?Rh accuser went on: "Now, Mr. Tormentor, if you behave Souelf, I will introduce you to my guardian. Mr. Landon, I beg to present Mr. Pembroke or Mr. Tease-as I call him sometimes chief clerk of one of our banks. But before I it down to play, while he is in the room, YnU must promise me faithfully, if you wish to hear music or singing from me, to guard me from him. He steals behind my seat, and, like a thief, twists my head and ceck- ', t "'And kisses met' Whyldon't you finish ?mbr oentence?" laughed the misohievous Arthur understood at once the state of affairs, and the little quarrel which existed .etween the parties, and, not wishing to a?Ee interruptions to the music, he gave 'ina the eatiefactory proofs that he would protect her in future. Now, Miss Nina, you have introduced Mr. Landon, but never told me why you lahim him as a protector," inquired Pem "Because, Mr. Tease, he gallantly saved y life on Black Thursday at the peril of i-r, wn, when I was surrounded by bush "Ohl is this the gentleman himself ? I aou often heard you speak of him, and was out ow see hm. I suppose he'll cut me M?Mlost cndoubtedly, sir; but Mr. Landon oe not wish to tease litttle girls like eThs the pair went on, to he amusement ogure, Weho had to comply with his en - ent to Protelt lna Whilephs perfiormed tro t Piano, 

 A sudden friendship and confidence sprang up between them, and, whenever the hand. eome. but mishieevous clerk attempted to steal or snatch a kiss surrepticiously, she would fly to Arthur for protection, springing up on his knee, winding her arms round his neck, and burying her "face in. his bosom, crying out at the same time: "Save me, save me, Arthur I Send away the nasty fellow I" Arthur could not. account to himself for the strange interest he took in the sprightly little girl. He felt some unaccountable and irresistable regard towards her. Notwithstand. ing the great confidence and regard Nina placed in Arthur, and the partiality he mani fested towards her, a slight disagreement would take place between them at times, the cause of which resulted from a little selfish. ness on the part of the young lady, who wished to engross all Arthur's time to her self. On one of these occasions, our hero who was a great reader of novels, purchased Bulwer's "Alice, or the Mysteries," which he began to read with great zest. Nina. and Mrs. Whitford's eldest daughter-who was about Nina's age-after coming from school one evening went up stairs to the dining room as usual, where they found Arthur alone, eagerly devouring the contents of the above-mentioned novel. They endeavored to draw him from his book to join them in some play or romp, but without avail. Arthur pushed them off with one hand while he held the book in the other, still read. ing. " Never mind him, I know a plan to annoy him," exclaimed Nina, poutingly, and,suniting the action to the word, she sprang up on the long dining table which stood in the middle of the room,inviting her companion to follow her example. Then they danced from one end to the other with perfeot skill and grace, many difficult sets. Arthur could not but watch their movements at times despite his annoyance at the interruption of his novel reading, and the pair appeared to go through their waltzes, sohotishes, and polkas,as easily and elegantly as any ladies of fashion. After having worn out his patience with the noise of their small feet, Arthur chased them from one end of the table to the other, threatening to pull them off, but they were too nimble for him, and he gave it up in despair and re turned to his book. The girls seeing that plan failed, Nina proposed another, which she well knew Arthur could not resist. This was to approach the piano and play one of our hero's favorite airs. The plan succeeded admirably, for the book was laid aside, and Arthur drew his chair towards one corner of the instrument, when Nina said poou ingly : "in have a great mind never to play you a tune any more, you sulky fellow." "I don't want you to," replied Arthur provokingly. PYou don't?" exclaimed Nina, in a pet, slamming down the lid and pretending to re tire. " Well, if you won't, I must only go to some other lodgings," replied Arthur, pick. ing up his hat with assumed annoyance Nina watched him easerly until she saw that he was resolved, when two large tears gathered in her eyes, and, rushing towards him, she exclaimed imploringly: " Oh, Arthur I would you leave your poor Nina? I did not mean what I said." The rest of the passionate protest was lost in sobs. Arthur, who was touched greatly, con sidered that he had gone too far, and, with hearfelt pity, took the girl on his knee, and kissed awoy.her tears saving : -...Z wo!t e very sorry - I was also in fun, and wanted to see how you would act. I'll never tease you again I" , I won't tease you either, Arthur. It would be very naughty of me after all your kindness." This was the last quarrel they had, and their friendship became stronger than ever. On another occasion, as Arthur had been as usual standing behind her seat while she played, in order to keep " Mr. Tormentor" at a distance, our hero, who was getting tired of the imposed services laid upon him as sentry for the young lady, pleaded (after driv ing away Pembroke) "� etly, Nina, I am getting tired of this constant watching, I must charge you, or demand some wages for this unpleasant billet. I cannot lose time for nothing, standing behind a young lady like a ser ?vnt." "But you must understand, Arthur, that I have nothing to give you. I. am too poor." " Well,I must only charge you a kiss every time I stand watch after this." "A kiss from a little thing like me? You don't care about kissing little girls. If I were a big lady it would be some thing." "Certainly, that'would be more acceptable. Still, I make this bargain with you. I shall mark down in my note book every time I watch over you in future, and you must pay me in kisses when you grow up." 

 r l?am agreeable; but that will be a long tipne." "Not so long, Ninae. But I fear when y6u grow up a fine lady, I shall have but little chance of being paid. You will have a lot of handsomer admirers, and, as for kiss. ing me, you would be quite offended if I at. tempted such freedom." "Offended to kiss you, Arthur I Never I Do you suppose that I could be offended at you?" "Buot supposing I was not to see you for a long time, and to meet you among company a fine grown up lady, wouldn't you refuse to kiss me ?" "That would be rather fanny too, but I promise you that I will pay you wherever I meet you, ' on demand,' as Mr. Tormentor would say," replied Nina, laughing heartily at the idea. About this time the playgoing people of Victoria were greatly impressed by the per. formances of those celebrated stars, the sisters Gogenheim, who had recentlyl ar rived in the colony, and created immense sensation. It was a point of dispute among those who witnessed their performances, whether the graceful and stylish appearance of the charming Adelaide, or the arch and betwitching expression of the winning Joey claimed the greatest admiration and atten tion. Arthur Landon, attthe earnest en treaty of Pembroke-who had seen the new stars.-consented to visit the theatre one evening, and pressed Mrs. Whitford with her little girls to accompany them. Nina, who had never before witnessed such a treat, wes in eastacies at the pleasant prospect. Securing a box in good time, our paory took early possession of it. Arthur sat by Nina's side during the interesting and novel performance. Notwithstanding the attractions of the play, Arthur's eyes were often fixed with ad. miration mixed with apprehension on the countenance of the excited Nina, whose whole soul appeared to be concentrated on the performance. He never beheld her features animated with such animation and such changing lights before, nor could any noise or disturbance among the crowded fspectators attract, for an instant, her gaze rom the stage. Not a word escaped her lips, save now and then a few broken exclame tions, such as: "Oh, Arthur, how splendid I Isn't it grand? Did you ever see the like?" and such bursts of delight. Arthur, whose elbow lent on the side of the box with his hand supporting his head, gazed on the lovely creature with some wonder and eorrow. 52 

 After leaving the theatre, and walking Dy Mrs. Whitford's aide, he remarked: " Did you notice the excited effect which the performance had on Nina, Mrs. Whit. ford?" "I'did not notice. Poor child it was the time for her. Children always take delight in I those scenes." " But it you had seen her expression, Mrs. Whitford. It may be a foolish idea of mine, but I cannot get rid of it. I fear Nina will some day appear herself on a stage." " Such nonsense, Mr. Landon I Never, I hope, while she is in my charge, and as long as I am able to maintain her," replied Mrs. Whitford,with a little haughtiness and anger in her voice. "I beg pardon, Mrs. Whitford. I am aware of your good wishes towards the poor orphan, and that she will never come so low while under you care. But her manners this evening has filled me with alarm." After a few more observations on the subject, the conversation dropped. Next morning Arthur, whose business in Melbourne had been all settled, prepared to take his departure. On seeing this, Nina was siezed with grief and cried immoderately,sob bing between her tears: " Oh, Arthur, who will protect me now, that tormentor will tease me to death. I shan't play another tune till you come back again." Our hero felt a little choking sensation while taking leave of the affectionate and in tereeting creature. She had made a straong impression upon him, and her winsome face and sprightly ways occupied his thoughts many a day and year afterwards. CHAPTER IX. ARTUIIn'S LETTER TO LIZZY. It may seem amusing and even ridiculous to some of our gentlemen bushmen of the present day, when they come to know all the little commissions that were entrusted to and executed by our hero on his annual trips to Melbourne. But when they consider the outlandish situation of the families in Maneroo, and that none of the female por. tion of them could conveniently visit towns to observe the fashions, they will cease to wonder that Arthur, a good-natured fellow and a dutiful son, took upon himself to supply his sister Lizzy and Kathleen with all articles of female dress they required. So far as he was able to observe while in town, he carried back the fashions of the times that they might imitate them in the bhush. This part of his commission our hero found rather difficult and even delicate to perform, as will be seen in his letter to his sister,which we take the liberty of inserting in order to give the reader a better idea of the writer's task. It must also be observed that he had to purchase all the necessary supplies and fit out for both families, sufficient to last during the following twelve months, which he had to ship by vessels calling at Twofold Bay on their passage to Sydney. On this occasion, he stayed in Melbourne longer than usual, being delayed by driving his horses to some of the goldfields in order to get a better sale for them. The pleasure he enjoyed at Mrs.Whitford'e with Nina's charming company and music was another attraction to delay him on this occasion. The little girl coaxed him from day to day to deter his departure. He, how. ever, dispatched his drivers home to the station whenever the stock had been dis -j.sr.~.e, su5uug.555uO 5.u.,� .,5ulua5u5a epistle to his sister, which ran as fol Iowa: " MY DEaS LozzY, 

 "I suppose you thought me lost, having been from home so long this trip, but the men-by whom I forward this-will tell you the cause of my delay. I may be detained for a short time in Melbourne yet getting supplies and shipping them to Two fold Bay. You cannot guess whom I met in town, and who liver in the same house with me now? You remember the little girl whom Isaved on Black Thursday. Imagine,then,my surprise on meeting her here, and grown up a fine little lady, quite accomplished, and, above all, the most charming singer and player on the piano that ever I heard. You would not believe how fond she is of me, and I must say that I am the same towards her. I cannot make out the interest I have taken in her, as if she were related to me. I wish you had seen her, I am sure you would be the same. You know already how passionately fond of music I am. Nina, knowing the same, plays and sings to me like a nightingale to my heart's content. I oellten play my flute (a nice pocket one I bought this time) which pleases her very much. She says that I play the notes to perfection. She is a wonderful judge of music for her age, which is between twelve and thirteen. She is so sharp and old fashioned also, although, of course, she com. mite some childish mistakes at times. You would laugh,I know,to see her at times when teased by a young gentleman that lodges here, and who tries to kiss her at every op. portunity, and, in order to escape him, she flies to me for protection, springs on my knee, throws her arms round my neck, and buries her face in my bosom, begging me to protect her. "An idea has come into my head which I think would be an excellent plan, and which is this: If I could coax Mrs. Whitford-with' whom Nina lives-to allow the little lady to come over to our station to teach you young girls to play the piano. I have bought a nice instrument which I send with the other things, for it is a great pity that you never had an opportunity of learning such a necessary accomplishment. Our mother has been a fine player, I believe, but I fear she has forgotten the art. Anotey also plays remarkably well-for I heard him when Ien. gaged him in Melbourne-and might give you lessons; but if Nina could be prevailed upon it would be far better. I have spoken to Mrs. Whitford on the subject, but she thinks it a pity to deprive Nina of her schooling, to which she attends every day, along with her own daughters. But in a year or two she would not object. We will consider the matter when I go home. "I bought a whole 'swag' of thingse dresses, riding.habits, saddles, bridles, and other' thing-a-majigs' for you and Kathleen. I had a fine judge this trip in Mrs. Whitford, who kindly volunteered to pick all these articles according to the present fashion, but I was too shy to ask about the make,and how things were worn-as you wished me to as certain-for I was afraid she would make fun of a man making such enquiries. I had therefore to take a note as usual, myself, when walking in the town, by looking at the fashionable ladies' dresses; but, unfortu nately, I fell into a scrape or mistake through my inspection, and never shall attempt it again. " I told Mrs. Whitford of the circumstance, and she laughed heartily, saying that the ladies in question were not 'proper char acters.' So you see a bushman is ignorant of many customs in town, and must mind what he is about. "Another time, I fell into a mistake when accompanying Mrs. Whitford, while pur. chasing things for you in one of the grand haberdasber's shops. It was in.the evening, and while Mrs. Whitford was inspecting and pricing some dresses at one of the long counters which stand on each side the whole length of the shop, I noticed several ladies sitting in chairs, bargaining also; but there were three or four ladies with their backs turned towards me, and standing in the same position motionless. Although the other customers were going and coming, I 

 noticed that these ladies never moved, and thought to myself that they were stationed there as watch on the customers. Perceiving that they were very neat about the waist and nicely dressed, I resolved to have a peep at their faces, and, accordingly, stepped across to the counter and purchased a pocket-hand kerchief as an excuse. While the shop-man was spreading before me some samples, I turned round in order to have a view of the stiff lady near me, when to my utmost sur prise and annoyance I could not see a face at all. The shopman suspected my mistake and laughed heartily, telling me these were only figures to set off the dresses for an example. But the greatest blunder of all was made by me at the Wax-works, which also took place in the night time. I had often heard about this exhibition of art, but never visited it until this time. On being directed to the place, and paying my en trance fee, I was shown into a large hall where a number of spectators were inspecting a whole host of wax.figures, ranged on each side, with tickets on them specifying their names. I got a catalogue also, in which the figures were described, and which told the names of each. Among the spectators, I be held a man dressed'in a kold;digger's clothes with blue serge shirt, glazed belt, felt hat,and cord breeches, with a catalogue in his hand, and his gaze fixed on one of the figures before him. "I could not find the figure in my sats logue, nor could I see a ticket on the wax. figure to describe it. I therefore asked the gold.digger whether he knew whom the figure represented. Not replying to my question, and thinking he must be hard of hearing, I repeated my inquiry in a louder tone, but the digger never moved or replied, and, to my annoyance, I heard several young lady spectators giggling beside me. I at once found out my mistake, and that the would be digger was but a wax-figure itself. I now strolled towards the other end of the hall, determined not to be taken in again. " After examining many life-like figures of notable characters, I beheld one sitting in a chair on the floor of the hall, which I thought quite as life-like as the digger, I could see no ticket on this one either, and inspseting it closely with my eyes, and look. ing attentively on both sides of its face to see more minutely the well executed figure, to my surprise it turned towards me at once exclaiming: "'Don't bite a fellow.' "I sprang back immediately, when my would be wax-figure walked away. He ap peared to be one of the keepers or watchers who look to it that none of the spectators touch any of the figures in the exhibi. tion. "Another novelty which attracts great at tention on Saturday nights in Melbourne is the Eastern Market, which I visited, and where I committed another blunder, owing to my ignorance of town scenes. On ap proaching the place, my ears were stunned by all sorts of cries and voices, as if issuing from Bedlam. " Innumerable stalls or tables covered with all the goods ever manufactured in creation, and whose vendors appeared to be siezed with a sudden fit of insanity, each screeching out the name of his cheap ware, and as if to drown his neighbor's voice, while hibiting some article to all the passers-by. This, with the qoacking of ducks, gobbling of geese, and cackling of fowls, created such an infernal noise as made my head dizzy. I was really unable to collect my senses properly, while I rambled stupidly through t.:s.. . .t c sesuse.., etumisnu5 every siep against a stand, or some other wandering spectator like myself. The strange reflec tions cast by the torches or other lights which illuminated this nocturnal fair, made the scene more singular to the beholder. Through my perambulating inspection, I was attracted by some ingenious specimens of sweets or lollies formed into large shapes of walking sticks, animals, and calves beads, &o. By the side of these, I beheld one of an old woman dressed up (as I thought) sitting on a bench beside the others. The strange glare of light reflected on the pale visage and I closed, sunken eyes with singular effect. This masterly piece of lolly-making filled me with wonder, and in my excited state I caught the would be figure's sharp and prominent nose, in order to break it off and keep it as a spec. men, when to my horror the figure roared out ' murder.' "I bounded through the crowd in terror, knocking down several in my headlong way, until I gained the middle of the street, and rapidly steered my way to my lodgings. It appears:that my supposed figure or 'lolly' was the vendor of the other sweets, exhibited on the stall before her, and that the poor old creature had fallen off to sleep, may be worn out with watching and fatigue. "I have drawn out this letter longer than I anticipated, and shall therefore bring it to a close, and give you all a more elaboratede tail of the wonders of Melbourne when I get home. Tell father to start the dray at once on receipt of this for Twofold Bay for the loading, and let the bullook.driver be very careful of the piano case and other articles I while loading and unloading, "With kind love to all the family and Haley's people (not forgetting Kathleen), "I remain, " Your affectionate brother, " AnTnon. CHAPTER X. EATHLEEN LETS THE CAT OUT OF THE BAG. Our hero's epistolary account of his ad ventures in the capital of Victoria may seem ridiculous to some of our more experienced readers, nevertheless it will show the sim plicity and harmless character of those in habiting and passing a life of quietness and unobtrusiveness among the more sequestered parts of our extensive continent. The con tents of the letter, though simple in them selves, were eagerly perused and appreciated by those whom the writer intended to amuna and please, save one, and that one was the last he would wish to annoy. Kathleen Haley, whom Lizzy visited im mediately on receipt of the letter (for then were now too old to attend school) perneed the welcome news, but, to Lizzy's disappoint mcnt and surprise, her fair neighbor mauni. fested no pleasure, nor did she share in the general delight which the other members of both families expressed at the advent of the epistle or the expected arrival of the writer. Lizzy did not stay long on perceiving the dejected looks of Kathlcen, and returned home forwith; but as soon as the sound of her horse's steps died away on the breeze, Kathleen rueshed to her room,where she gave vent to her sobs and a flood of tears. Her kind mother, perceiving the movement and hearing her daughteo's weeping, became both surprised and alarmed, and flew to her, exclaiming: "KIllthleen,mavourneen, what in the name of goodness ails you ?" "Oh, mother dear. I cannot hide it any longer I It is about Arthur." " Arthur, my honey I what of him? Isn't he right well? Didn't you see by his letter, child, that he bought all the things and is coming soon ?" "I don't care for the things, mother. It's himself." " My gracious, ahild I what do you mean? Keop quiet a moment. There now-dry your tears and lean on my shoulder. \\Vouldn't you tell your own darling mother what is the matter)" 

 "Uh, mother dear, you won't be angry with me ?" "Angry atyou,mavourneen? Why should I be angry at you child, that never did any harm in yourlife?" "Is it harm to love another more than you and my lather, and not telling it for six years?" "My poor innocent child, is that the cause of your grief? I understand now, my honey. You love Arthur then? The thing never struck me to this moment. Don's fret your self any more. That's but a fault which every boy and girl commits in their time, and which your poor mother com mitted before you." "And you forgive me, mother dear ?" "Forgive you, honey? There's nothing to forgive. Don't you know it's natural for boys and girls to love one another, other. wise there would be no marriages? And you say that you have loved Arthur for six years? Do you think he loves you in re turn?" He told me so once, but you see by his letter that he loves that little girl in Mel bourne, whom he calls Nina, and whom he saved on Black Thursday when she was a child, if yon remember." "fHoo I mile murder, the cat is out of the bag at last I Why, you little goose, she is only a child still. The boy is only treating her as a plaything. You need not be in the ldkst alarmed, my child. That little girl, you hear, is hardly thirteen yet." "I was only thirteen myself, when I first came to know that I loved him, and when he-" " When he what, my honey? What did he do?" "He kissed me I Was there harm in it ?" whispered Kathleen,in great confusion,mixed with fear. "God bless the innocent child I meiny- a kiss the boys stole from me before I was married to your father, and thought nothing of it a moment after. It was the fashion in our place." "Dear me I Do you say so motherl I never was kissed but that time, and then Arthur did not do it intentionally, he was only acting what he saw in the theatre in Melbourne. But is it not strange that I should never forget it, and from that same moment I loved him?" "Now tell me this, mavourneen: when did he say that he loved you, or how did it come about 2" " Oh it was one day we were out hunting kangaroos with Lizzy and Anstey, who could not keep up with Arthur and me. I think Arthur was teasing me about Anatey, and angry that I did not go out with him at usual to ride. We then made an agreement to answer all the questions which the othes pot, and when I asked him whether he was in love, and the description of his sweetheart which exactly corresponded with my own image. and at last I asked her name,when he gave my own." " Well, that was a funny way too. Troth, tLat's not the way they courted me in Ireland. They would tell me plump and p'ain that they were dying for me, and praise my beauty up to the skies. But I suppose they do it difflerently in Australia. Did he say anything about marriage to you after that?" " Never, we are both too shy .to mention anything that way." SWell, my love. I don't know what txactly to say. That Jack Tantrum is hothering your father and me about you. Be is constantly asking us for to give you in is very rich and clever and all these things ; still, we dent like him for a husband for you, my dear. If we thought that Arthur meant to ask you some time, he would be far more preferable. Still, he may not think of marriage at all, and it would be a pity to lose a good offer like Jack." "Oh, mother, I would never consent to marry Tack Tantrum-I hate him. But if I see Arthur is in love with that little Nins, and if he means to take her here to teach us music, as he proposes, sooner than see her his wife, I would accept Tantrum." " I don't believe Arthur loves the girl in that way; however, we'll wait and see. You are young enough yet to speak of these things." Our hero little suspected the mischief his unconscious praise of Nina had created in the pure heart of his adorable Kathleen, whom he intended to benefit by Ninae's in structions in music, as well as his own sisters. On his arrival at home, he was rather dis appointed at Kathleen's cool reception of him, although all the others seemed to hail his return with more joy than formerly, owing to the his long absence. And even when the many gifts and costly female gar. ments arived by the dray from TwofoldBay, with the piano included, her distance and apparent indifference to his company re ceived no change. He could not comprehend the reason,althongh he continually taxed his mind to discover the cause, and, at length came to the conclusion that either Anetey or Jack Tantrum must be at the bottom of it, for he knew no other likely rival who could "out him out,". T? piano and music were put into re. qui . ; sa in due time, whentheyoungladies, and. r the tuition of Anstey-who was an ex cellels player-and Mre. Landon-who soon revivrd her proficiency in that accomplish. ment-soon became passable players, while the younger members of both families prao tised regularly also. The time passed thus pleasantly along,until Arthur's next trip to make with his stook drew nigh, when Kathleen became every day more low-spirited and distant towards him. Brill, he could not imagine the cause of this singu lar estrangement. The day before his de. parture, when taking leave of Haley's family, he obtained an opportunity to saw a few words to her privately, when the following conversation took place: "I am glad to have this opportunity to talk to you alone, Kathleen, before I leave. Your late coolness towards me has been a cause of great anxiety and surprise to me." "I suppose that you don't care much, now that you are to visit Melbourne and see your friends there who are nicer and more ac complished than we poor bush girls." "I don't understand what you mean by my ' Melbourne friends,' Kathleen, for Ihave very few there. But I amsorry that I have lost your favor eo much lately. If I have done anything that has displeased you, it most have been done unintentionally, and would like that you should let me know of it." Kathleen had a good share of spirit in her. She would sooner suffer the most acute pain and disappointment than let Arthur perceive that she was jealous of the asocom plished and favorite Ninea-as she thought and she therefore replied and behaved with more indifference than her heart dictated. She also knew by his words and looks that he entertained some suspicions that some other rival had stepped in when he was away so long on the former trip. Not wishing to convince him of the contrary, and as a set off to his own faithlessness, she said: "People change their minds at times, it seems." Whatever else she intended to say could not find utteranoe, for a choking sensation seized her at the moment, when Arthur with a melancholy look and expression re plied: "Oh, if that is the ease it explainsthe matter. But I didn't think that you were one of those people, Kathleen," and, without waiting for an answer, he spurred his horse--upon which he had 'been sitting during the conversation - and galloped away in a state of mind not to be envied. 

 Poor Kathleen stood transfixed on the spot, gasping for breath, and staring after him antit he had passed from her sight. Her conscience smote her for the unfor lunate expression which hoe had made, and which had a contrary effect on tier lover to that intended. On re-enterintg the house she took refuge in her room, in order to evade the looks of the family, and give vent to her struggling tears. The sharp and anxious gaze of her affection?te mother detected her grief. She soon followed her to console as usual, enquiring in persuasive and kind ac cents. "What has disturbed my darling Kath leen ? Another love quarrel, I suppose. Open your heart, mavourneen, to your own mother." " Oh, mother dear, he left me in anger I It is all over now and for ever," exclaimed the disconsolate Kathleen, in great grief. "Have courage, my honey. You may be mistaken. Whose fault was it, my child ?" " Oh, that is the worst part of itt It was all my own, and I drove him away under the impression that I had changed my mind." "How did you do that, Kathleen? Let me hear it." "You sae, g.ther, I have been cooler to him since he came back from Melbourne last trip, through being annoyed about that Nina he thinks so much of. I understood by his words to-day that he imagined I liked some other person better than himself, and, just through a foolish spite, I did not undeceive him. And so he has gone off in a huff, under that impression. I would give the world, if I had it, to recall my words now, but it is too late; he'll meet that girl again who is now grown up and is so accomplished,I sup. pose." " Make yourself easy my child. If Provi-. dence sees it is proper that you should be man and wife, He'll bring it round in time." After these pious and maternal oonsolations, Kathleen became more reconciled to her fate, and, by degrees, gained her equanimity. Not so her dejected lover. He had no one to console him on his journey to the distant market, or to cheer his disconsolate thoughts during his long night watches while camping with his stock. Many a weary hour he passed in no better company than hisown sad thoughts and regretful memory. Some times he would come to the resolution to drive her from his memory altogether, and turn his thoughts to the sprightly Nina, who must be now grown up a little, and as old as Kathleen was when he first became enamored with her. These hopeful consolations were occasionally applied to his disappointed mind as a balm to his wounded feelings; but, alas, they were soon dispelled, as will be seen in the next chapter. CHAPTER XI. We left our hero busily engaged, recon. structing his airy castles on the ruins of Kathleen's supposed inconstancy while on his way to Melbourne, in the prospect of meeting and renewing his close friendship with the charming Nina, whose love would replace that terrible wound in his heart. Kathleen's inconstancy became every day more galling to his wounded feelings, andthe prospect of a fond and loving reception from i?rtuna grew more p'eaeing io nie iU6tu..a-al? as he neared town. "I wonder if she will be very glad to see me? Has she grown up much? I shall take her by surprise, and steal behind her when playing, as Pembroke used to do," were his thoughts, when approaching Mrs. Whitford's lodgings. He delayed on the way so as to ar rive at the house about the time when Nina practised. On entering the house unobserved and gaining his usual bedroom, he made his toilette slowly; but no sound came from the instrument in the next room. At last, he heard a pattering of steps coming up stairs, when his heart beat violently,and he listened attentively, on hearing the keys of the piano touched. But,alas, he heard not the familiar, bold and harmonious notes. He waited for a few minutes until his ears were convinced, then he stepped across to the dining-room to see who the player was. In place of his favorite musician, he beheld Mrs. Wnitford's eldest daughter, who had grown up a nice young lady, and a good player also. On hearing him enter, she turned round and welcomed him with becoming grace. After a few observations and enquiries of how all the family were, particularly Nina, the young lady replied with sur prise: " Oh, Mr. Landon, is it possible you have not heard that Nina left the colony with her father, who came for her ? We have been all so sorry. We miss her very much. Poor girl, she was in a terrible state when parting with us-crying almost to break her heart. I remember now that she was in a sad way in not seeing you before she left,for she never left off speaking of you after you left town last, and would not play for ever so long, for Pembroke or any of usne." Our hero listened to this recital with feel ings of great disappointment and sorrow. Here was another calamity which deprived him of succour to his lacerated feelings, and revive the pleasures which he had ex perienced on his former visit to town. The chatty Miss Whitford was unable to turn his thoughts to any other channel. Her remarks on town news, and the counts glowing prospects in Italy for his daughter, were interrupted by the entrance of Pem broke the head bank clerk, who shook our hero's hand with a warm welcome, say. ing: 'Hallo, old fellow I Glad to see you dear boy I What news from the bush ?" Arthur acknowledged the salutation cordi ally, when Pembroke, perceiving Miss Whit ford retiring, went on: " By Jingo, you bushmen are sly fellows I I see you have been flirting alreedy with Miss IVhitford here. We town folk have no chance with you squatters. You mustn't listen to him, he is a dangerous fellow. You remember how our poor lost Nina was when he left us." "You are all alike, gentlemen," replied the little lady, giving them a sly look and be. witching smile. Then, with a bow and 0oquettish] gesture, the maiden left the room. "She'll do," resumed Pembroke, with a knowing wink at Arthur, who was quite amused at the boldness of town bred girls. "But, by-the-by, Landon," he went on, "you have heard the lose we sustained by the departure of our 'favorite Nine. Upon my word, I often wish that they had kept that old count in prison all his life, rather than deprive us of the little girl. You may smile, old fellow, but to confess the truth, I never knew that I liked her so well until I saw her going, and I really do believe that I am spoony on the charming creature. She was in a terrible way when leaving, especi. ally without seeing you, and she tried all means to detain her father until she had written to you and received an answer; but the old buffer was inexorable, and stuffed her head with pride and nonsense about the grand prospects which awaited her in It"And what sort of a looking person was he; and what had detained him so long ?" "To your first question I reply, that his looks are well enough. He seemed younger than II expected, although rather thin I suppose from long confinement (for you must know he had been in prison, poor 

 devil, ever since he went over, and, goodness forgive me, I wish they had held him tighter). He was like the generality of these Italians -pale of visage, black hair, beard and eyes, &c. He was full of that confounded pom posity peculiar to these foreign refugees. I should not wonder if the fool should get him self into another political scrape, and lose his head one of thesedays. But I believe the disturbances in that kingdom have abated and taken a turn in his favor, for he is promised possession of his former property. I am glad of it, for Nina's sake, and, it I could nmnage to scrape together enough 'tin' by Jingo II would ship myself off one of these days to put in a claim for her hand. It would be the greatest pity in the world if such a jewel should becomrn the wife of a foreigner," " I really believe you are spoony about her, Pembroke. I thought you were not hit at all." "Oh no, when you were in the way. But on leaving, the dear child seemed more favor. ably disposed towards me. I remember when bidding her good-by," we were together in this room before I went to the bank in the morning, and, knowing I could not see her on board, I asked her if she would give me a parting kiss. She answered mournfully, hold. ing up her pretty face: "'I will, Pembroke, although you often teased me too much.' "But what do you think of the little imp? After giving me a kiss, she said, mischiev. ously: us'Now that was on condition that you give it to Arthur the first time you see him.' "Do you believe me that I became con foundedly jealous on hearing this. I re marked to her, that there wereno conditions, and if she wished you to get one it would be better to trust me with another, when she re. plied roguishly : "' I won't trust you, you'll keep both.' "But, on passing from the hall, I noticed she was wiping away tears." "Poor child, I wish I had seen her," re. marked Arthur, mournfully. "It would only make you more sorry, Arthur. I was greatly amused at her one day, when her father was blowing away to her, about their fine house, and the style they would keep in Italy, with other such nonsense, and the great gentlemen that would pay their addressesto her. She cut him short by saying: "'Bother the fine gentlemen. I would sooner live with Arthur, in the bush than share all their grandeur,' When at home on furlough from India, a short time ago, I was much amused at finding a very general impression among my friends that to come across a cobra is an every day kind of occurrence in India. IIow erroneous this idea is, may be gathered from the fact that not many days ago a brother ollicer told me that although he had been about ten years in India, he had never yet seen a cobra in a wild state. He is, it is true, probably an exceptional case; but still it shows that an Englishman may pass a considerable time in India without coming across one of these venomots reptiles. Cobras, however, are met with quite often enough, and sometimes in very curious and uncomfortable quarters. For instance, a young lady who had just re turned from a ball in a small station in Southern India noticed as she was on the puts, or gesttlng into bed tnat the pillow looked disarranged, and upon taking it up to smooth it out she discovered a cobra coiled up underneath it. She called out for assist ance and her father coming to the rescue, speedily deepatched the obnoxious intruder with a stick. I happened to mention this circumstraneo to an oelicer one day, and he informed me that the very same thing had happened to himself soon after his first arrival in this country, and that in conse quence he never got into bed until he had examined the pillows. In the year 1873, while quarterct at Beliary, on going into the drawins.-roan: of the bungalow, I discovered a slira c il.d up on the sofa cushion. I basteneI out of the room to fetch a stick; but in doing so, I must, I suppose, have made some noise, as on returing the snake had dis appeared. A few evenings later, however, just as a friend was leaving the house, he called out to me that there was a snake crawl tug up the steps of the verandah in front of the drawing-room. I ran out with a stick and killed the unwelcoma visitor. It turned out to he a fairly large cobra, and was in all probability the one which I had seen a few days previously on the sofa. An ollicer of the .Madras cavalry, since deceased told me that whEn quartered at Arcot he one day observed in his bath-room, in an Indian bungalow, emerging from the waste water pipe, the head of a cobra which was holding in its month a large frog. The pipe was al together too narrow to admit of the snake withdrawing his head unless he should re lease his struggling victim. This. however, from unwillingness to forego his rare repast, hewotuld not do, and in consequence paid the penalty for his gluttony with his life. Character.-A perfectly balanced charac ter is seldom found. Each virtue seems to have its off-settling foible. Amiability is apt to he allied with weakness ; a vigorous, push ing character is often impulsive, harsh and unjust. A reflective mind is slow to act; a prompt mind is often wrong. So through all the elements of character. All the qualities that go to make up a perfect moral nature rarely appear in one person. The physical and intellectual do not precicely conform; the mental and moral are not evenly balanced. There are those possessed of stronger moral than mental natures. They constitute the spasmodic, impulsive element in society. There are others whose intellects so abso lutely control their moral natures, that noth. ing is admitted that cannot bo reasoned out satisfactorily. There are persons whose strong animalnatures dominate all else, and both mind and spirit are subservient. To regulate all these parts so as to attain a fair degree of equality is the right step toward securing what may be called balance in character. 

 Home is the one plece in all this world where hearts are sure of each other. It is the place of confidence: it is the place where we tear off that mask of guarded end sus. picious coldness which thi., world forces us to wear in self-defence, ano where we ponr out the unreserved communications of full and confiding hearts. It is the spot where expressions of tenderness gush ont without any sensation of awkardness, and without any dread of ridicule. To avenge one's self is to confess that one has been wounded, but it is not the part of a noble mind to be wounded by an injury; a great mind, and one that is conscious of its own true worth, does not avenge an in. jury, because it does not feel it. a~Hfua.--" Oh you rude boy, to rub off the nice kiss the pretty little girl gave you." CnnsaR .-" Rub ofi be blowed. I ain't rubbing it off, I'm rubbing it in, my word. N'yum I N'yum l" It is a good thing to laugh, at any rate; and it a straw can tickle a man, it is an instrument of happiness. B3easts can weep when they suffer, but they cannot laugh. A weak, unequal faction may animate a government; hut when it grows equal in etrength and irreconcilable by ani:nosity, it cannot end without some crisis.