-lIRovelist. ARTHUR LA.N DON THE AUSTRALIAN BUSHMAN. BY ANQUS MA'ILEAN. Adnson or "y?Heay ELOoqriF?s, CHAPTER XV. .28 CLOUDs AE TrICKcENING. The horror and sensation created over all the Australian colonies on the spread of the news of the shocking tragedy which it was stated had taken place in Maneroo, never before had been equalled in colonial history. A beautiful young girl barbarously murdered by her lover was in itself an incident of more than ordinary sensation. The mystery which surrounded the case and the non-discovery of the body whetted the public curiosity to an unusual degree. The murderer had evi. proofs against himself. Where could he have hidden his victim ?-this was a mystery which no one could explain. More proofs, however, came to light which promised to bring the charge home to the aoused; but, as yet, the main evidence was wanting, and the links of the chain were incomplete. We left our hero locked up for the first time in the Melbourne watch-house. The anxiety which he jsouffred may be im agined; hut lihe had no fear for himself. His. whole thought was given up to the terrible possibility that his dear sweetheerF was dead. The brutal emissaries of the law would not give him any satisfaction as to the fate of. his lost Kathleen or the proofs of her being murdered., When he ventured a question re. garding the matter, the only answer he re ceived was: " Oh, my fine buck, you know all about it yourself ; but if you wish to confess where you hid the body it will save a deal of trouble. At the rame time you are warned that any. words you say on the matter will be brought in evidence against you." Next morning.on being brought before the magistrates his case lasted but a few minutes. He was simply remanded to Maneroo, where the warrant was issued from. The troopers applied for an earch warrant in order to secure all his clothes and effects at his lodgings in order to r : imino them. This application was of course complied with, when Mrs. Whitford's dwelling was carefully searched, and Arthur's bush clothes and riding boots were taken possession of. It would be superfluous to describe the jour ney overland to Maneroo and the mortifi eations and humiliations our hero had to suffer when passing through Gippsland and other places on the road where he vies so well known and respected. On his arrival in Maneroo, he was secured in the nearest lock-up. A great number of people gathered to the place of examination on his being brought up. All the evidence which could be obtained to throw light on the subject, was brought forword; but the principal link-the discovery of the body was stillwanting. But, alas 1 for the missing girl's friends and our hero in particular, tor. rible proofs of the horrifying tragedy were brought forward. After the troopers had left for the purpose ol arresting the accused, Haley and his son, who still indefatigebly searched for their darling Kathleen, procured the assistance of a well-known and exlre:e blacktracker named Bulgar Jack (or Mountain Jack) with whom they continued the tusk. Johnnie Haley ex= tanded his search further than usual, and be.. thought himself that lihe might have a look about a remarkable waterfall situated at the foot of the Alps about two miles from the Kangaroo Pass. This waterfall or mountain torrent had buon a place of resort at times by Arthur, Kathleu, Lzzy and Johnnie, ac companied slo bjy A??tey and some of the stronger children of both families, for the purpose of viewing the gra'nd and picturerqude scenery, Its height was several hundred feet, with precipitous rocks on both sides,whichl formed a large fiesuram or gorge in the brow. of the steep hill. Tnere was, however, a level spot of about four acres on one side, where the be. holder could obtain a nerfect view of the grand cataract. Oa . visiting this spot, Johnnie Haley an this occasion found, to hisborror, undoubted proofs of the fate of his sister. Lsiua ,,bout in different spots, he picked up torn strips of her riding-skirt, aleo both her small Ahaas and gauntlets, with her- well-known rijdiog whip, all in a line efrm the edge of the precipice foi a distance of t*enty yards. Tua ground also l-sented evidence.of a body being dragged over it; forninig a trail on which these articles were scattered. 'The poor boy was at first afraid to look over the precipica into the awful gulf below; iii dread of beholding the mangled body of his lost sister; . but, at last, on gaiinig courage he peered over,but could not see any sighs. Indeed, it would be almost imipossible todiscover a body in 'ti foaining citaract beldiv"ddashing and boiling amidst giga?tio piles of fallen rocks, unapproachable by In aal mgno e cooed and cracked his stock-whip as t ignal in order to attract his father and rlgrt J?lck, who came in 5 ehort time, A 

 more diligent search was now instituted; but to approach the gull below was a feat which even the black would not attempt. hMoreover, it was plain that the discovery of a body among such volumes of seething waters, and masses of rocks, could never be accom plished. The black, however, commenced a sernti nizing inspection on the ground about, par. ticularly on the drag where the articles lay. It was wonderful to behold his expertness and the powers of vision be exhibited on the occasion. Those articles which Johnnie had picked off the ground, Bulgar made him place as they lay before, to the best of hisre collection. Then, commanding the Haleys to stand still on one side clear of the trail,ho himself set to work on his inspection, peer ing at each blade of grass or stone on his bended knees and sometimes blowing the grass in parts so as to distinguish more ao curately the tracks on the hard ground which no white man could perceive. After follow ing the drag from its commencement, andin specting each article belonging to-the lost girl on his crawling away until he ranit out on the edge of the precipice, he examined more minutely the gauntlets and shoes. The latter he turned steadily over and over in his hands without ever making a remark. The Haleys all this time awaited with impatience the conclusion of this strange inspection; but they knew well it was useless to put any questions until it was ended, for a black ,tracker never answers while engaged in his difficult occupation. When he satisfied him. .self in his own mind with regard to the trail ,and articles, he made a wider circuit or in spection.of the surrounding ground, which lasted a considerable time, and at the con elusion of which Haley at length ventured a question. " Well, Bulgar, my boy, what think you now, is the body of my poor daughter down there?" " Baal me know, Aley, I believe cobberra belong to meself too much stupid." "Can't you easily see that her body most be there after all the marks here. See how she was dragged all the way, and pitched by the villain." " Oh, look here, father, here is another sign 1" exclaimed Johnnie, holding between his fingers a look of long yellow hair, which, on seeing, the father could not hold his tears, and gave vent to his despair. This wascon. elnsive;evidence which Bulgar did not wish to contradict if he had any doubts before; for :the hai' was plainly the lost Kath. leen's. Another daring search was made after this by Bulgar and a.few other courageous olacks, by scrambling through the bed of the torrent, below the fall. But nothing further resulted. They were therefore compelled to give up the fruitless attempt. All these fresh and accumulating evidences were now brought forward, in order to estab lish a case against Arthur on his first appear. ance before the bench in Haneroo. When he beheld the golden look of hair, which no person that ever saw Kathleen's hair could mistake, his agitation became uncontrollable. The whip and other articles were also unmis. takable proofs of her sad fate in his eyee. Every person in court, even the.sedate justices, were moved, and expected to hear the accused plead guilty at once. Bulgar Jack-although his oath could not be taken - was also examined. When Arthur's boots were produced, he was asked whether the tracks he observed on the scene near the fall corresponded with them. He "Biall That one too much narrang," (email) for it must be observed hero that our hero bad remarkably small feet. . His.sister Lizzy and his men proved that these were Arthur's riding-boots on the oc casion. This remark of the tracker threw some doubts on the subject, and, until the body could be found, the magistrates could only remand the case, to give more time for another search and proofs, as they dared not commit the accused on such evidence. Thus our unlucky hero had been from time to time remanded. - He suffered the most ex. crutiating torments. His desire to get liber ated in order to find a clue to the real mur. derer of his lamented affianced was in. tense. At last, when no hopes of discovering Kathleen's remains or producing fresh proofs of Arthtur's guilt became apparent, he was -liberated, on finding heavy sureties for his appearance whenever called upon. His first act was to engag, Bulgar Jack in his service, and, being well conversant in the aboriginal language and proper mode" of treating the natives, he immediately went about a fresh search for traces which might lead him to the track of the actual murderer, and discovery of the body. He therefore started one day accompanied by the black, who first brought our hero to the spot where Johnnie Haley found Kate Kearney fastened to the branches before mentioned. The tracks, of course, were now too obliterated by the rainse, yet, being a thorough bushman, he took his bearings from this spot, and cal. culated in his own mind the direction from which the mare had been first lt Iroose. He had no doubt by what he heard that the anti mal must have graztd along leisurely and became entangled. On the other hand, he know the position or bearing of.tho waterfall, and at once came to the conclusion that Kate Kearney had not been turned adrift there'; for on her way home, even feeding, she could not have come within a mi!e of thei Fpot where she was found. .All these ca!cilations involved him in a still darker mystery, for according to these evidences, Kathleen could not have ridden to the falls, and, even if she were compelled by force to do so, Kate Kearney must have been led back some distance out of the course before she was turned adrift. This was not a very probable thing for a murderer to wait for immediately alter com. mitting such a foul dead. These conclusions were beyond the judgment of the black, al though he could track better than our hero. But the latter's bush experience and know. ledge of men and horses excelled that of his expertand swarthy companion. Whatever experience the one was deficient of in bush tacties, the other possessed it. Indeed the pair could nbt be surpassed in such a relation in tlhe.wlole continent of Australia. On arriving at the falls, and after a long and mournful look at the dismal ravine wherethe remains of his beloved were pos sibly entombed,among tboeyawniog crevices and wild fissurcs,. hile the moaning cataract sounded mournfully like a funeral dirge in his eare, they searched iu vain. Arthur's brain became dizzy; he heart was rent with an guiheb, and, as be stood like a statue contem .pllating hismisery, he was seized with a frenczied impulse to hurl himself in the yawn ing abyss. The black caught his sleeve ex. claiming : " What for look like a that? Directly stupid! and tumble down." This a.dmonition saved him, otherwise his self-murder weould have been accomplished i for oeven the ignorant black could read in his pale couotenance and wild looks the stop whichl had suggested itself to his disordered mind. A cold shiver came over his frame; he placed his hands tightly against his eyes, and eat down on the rooks in order to oolleot his sensoes. After a while he remarked to Bulgar: "Now, Bulgar, you tell me all about these trucka you saw hero whenHaley andJohnnie were wilh you. Do you think you would know thcn again?" " I b'lieve uo, when mako a light.' .' Do you think you would know the yarre. man (hol e) tracks, toog' "I believe eo; but me think it then white gin bal sit down here ?" 

 "That is all nonsense, Bulgar. Didn't you see the shoes, gloves, whip, bits of drels and hair belonging to poor Kathleen, and how could you think that she was not thrown down there ?" "You see, mitter Artha, Bulgar Jack budgery trackim aloes. First time me make a light drag, ins think it log, baal gin. Then, you see, that one boot very clean along a 'side, not dirty like it drag him. Then bits of dress ,',t Ltar him off along a ground, only like tear him along a hand and then throw him down on track. Then, glove not drag him off either." SBut then the hair, Bulgar,that in itself is sufficient.!' . y'Mo see him hair too, and that one like it out him alon; scissors notlpull him along a hand lile drag him : You see, when black drag him gi', blal that one hair comes close like it cut him, but come all about." Thistpartol Bulgar's explanation may be unintelligible tuo some of our eaders, especi. ally th`t portion of it which refers to blacks draoging their gins or women. We tihere. fore hope to'be excused for digressing a little- in- order to explain the subject more fully. it has been the custom among some of the -New South Wales tribes when: any 'of the marriageable young men intended to take to hun-elf a wile, that he should carry away his bride by force from another tribe. As this, was often against her own will, the manner of compelling her company was to drag her by the hair of her head, and, in order to silence her wailing, to give her a sound cudgelling. This rough court. tung would often deprive the bride of a fair portion of hair, and Bulgar having most likely put his better half through the same ordeal, was consequently a judge of hair when pulled out as distinguished from hair which had been cut off. Nevertheless all his arguments were rather vague and impro. bable. Arthur enquired also about the horse tracks which he had seen and whether Kate Kearney's were of them, when Bulgar re plied:- "Baal (no) Kate Kearney; only one fellow track belong to yarraman." This fact corresponded with Arthur's own supposition; but how could Kathleen come to the spot unless carried by the murderer before him on the saddle. These revelations, if correct, left him in a state of doubt and bewilderment for a time,- but did not bring any hopes that Kathleen was still alive. The proofs of her murder and the spot where she lay were too apparent to be doubted for a moment, and all that remained now to do, was to trace the murderer, and bring him to justice. CHAPTER XVI. A DA?BINoADVENTURi AND ITS CONrBE co ENCE. We left Arthur Landon eitting upon that precipice which overhung the yawning gulf, 'in whih, as he.dreaded, his adorable Kath leen had been Eo ruthlessly hurled. But how to trace the'author of such a diabolical act was the question now to be solved, and even, it his suspicious led to the guilty party, how was he to be punished without finding the remains of his victim ? . The only person .his eupicions rested upon was Jack Tantrum, whom he knew to belP , ferencc. And now he remembered her des cription of Jack's disappointment when he pressed his suit after her parents consent, and her refussl of him. He recalled that Tantrum's parting words to her were: "Never mind, my lady. You'll never see yourself the wife of Arthur Landon. The day will come when you'll repent of your re fosal." This was told to him on that last occasion when he and Kathleen had exchanged their vows at. the Kangaroo Pass, -and moreover she told him that Jack's diabolical looks on the occasion filled her with apprehension that he might do her some injury. Another circumstance which drew his sus picions towards him was that he had never come the way since, or called as usual at Haley's since theirgreat misfortuno,although Jack pretended great regard and friendship towards them. After these painful contemplations he roused himself to naction, solemnly resolving in his own mind not to give up the pursuit until he had revenged Kathleen's death and if possible discovered her remains. Addressing his swarthy companion, he said : "Well, Bulgar, I think we'll try and search the bed of the stream below the fall. We might find some more traces of poor Kathleen's body." The black shook his head without making a reply; but not wishing to disappoint his employer he mounted his horse and followed Arthur in silence. They now descended the steep hill and se oured their horses at the nearest approach to the bed of the ravine. This they entered, searching every 0ook and crevice; sometimes wading up to their armpits in boiling whirl. pools, and at other times ecrambling like cats over immense fragments of rocks torn from the cliffs in former ages by the convul sions of nature. Thus they crawled and "waded slowly on their difficult expedition, every moment encountering more frightful and unsurmountable obstacles, until they ar rived within a few yards of the seething cataract, where it dashed with tremendous violence against the huge masses below, sending columns of spray in the air, which filled the gorge, and drenched them like a shower bath, almost stopping their breath. The roaring of the cataract deafened their hearing, which obliged them to converse by signs The black became confused and disheart ened at the awful situation; but our hero, being possessed of great courage and impelled by undaunted resolve to leave no crevice un searched, still prosecuted the perilous ex ploration. About twenty feet above their heads, a sort of shelf or ledge in the rock ob structed the fall of water, which rebounded off it to pour into the basin below. Arthur became seized with a resolve to examine, if at all possible, this obstruction, which was a most lihely place to intercept any body coming from nbove. HIe made several signs to Bulgar for the purpose of encouraging him to rmakie the dflicult attempt, but the black, by many gestures and mute demonstrations, refused the daring experiment, warning him by signs of the inevitable consequence. At this, Arthur himself bhegan the awful ascent. A few twigs and plants wh ch sprouted out of crevices in the rock assisted him in his wild adventure, and thus climbieg up, by degrees he came within a level of the ledge; but after gaining the wished-for height, the diffi culty now was to examine the ledge where the water had apparently worn a hollow which might possibly contain the body he was in search of. STo examine this, however, was a far more dangerous task than any he had attempted yet, for, should the force of the falling stream strike him, no exertion on his part could save him from being hurled to the bottom. His sight could not penetrate through the uoiling and soeething water in order to see whether any thing was embedded in the tollow of the rock. lie therefore held a twig which was growing out of the face of the cliff (n one hand in order to steady him relf, when he stretched forth one foot for the purpose of feeling his way and sounding the depth of the water in the ledge. His situation at this moment became perilort in the extreme, and frightful to behold. Even the nimble black, who had been acoustomed 

 from his youth to climbing trees, and pre cipitous heights, stood awestruck below' with open mouth and staring eyes, expecting every moment to see the bravo and undaunted "whitefolles " tumbling down in the abyss beneath. `Our hero himself became be wildered by the noise of the cataract, and beaumbed in his limbs by the spray and soaking he had gone through. At this ter rible moment the treacherous branch gave way. He went headlong into the raging cataract which dashed him furiously against 'bo shelf, and swept him in his downward impetuosity into the frightful caldron be. low. The territicd but faithful black gave an agonising yell at the awful catastrophe, and with strained eyes watched the boiling ele meet which tossed the hapless viciim in its hungry vortex. At last seeing a tossed arm among the bubbling spray, he sprang at it like a Newfoundland dog diving foris game, and in a few seconds brought to solid footing his stunned and half drowned young master. He held him in his arms for a while before animation was restored, and alter some rub. bhng and wrenching in the aboriginal method, the black brosight some circulation into our hero's veins. Arthur stared wildly about him, and presently by great exertions and dragging along they gained their horses. But Bulgar could not get any sensible expres Ion from the other during their homeward tide. On arriving at the station all the family became alarmed at the state poor Arthur ap peared in, and, af er ascertaining from the black a vague account of the accident in his: own short and broken dialect, they immedi ately put our hero to bed, where he lay for weeks in a raging fever. Arthur hovered for some time on the brink of the grave, and only for a robust constitu tion, medical skill, and above all the fond watchfulness of an affectionate mother and sister, his life would not have been preserved. Often in his delirium, the following expres sions would be heard from him:- - "I see her, Bulgar II knew she was here Ah, they thought I killed.her I But they were wrong Hold, you villain, Jack Tan trum I Don't hurl my Kathleen down there I You know she is my aflianced I Me guilty? No, no, your worships I Do you think I would murder my intended bride? See now, Bulgar, you were mistaken after all I Y You said her body was not on this ledge I No fear of me falling I" These and such expressions often drove the mother and daughter in tears from the invalid's conab, until the crisis was past and Arthur was out of danger. His convalescence was, however, slow and, before he had re. gained his former strength, some time had elapsed. About this time,.a long and interesting communication arrived from Frank Anstoy to Lizzy, giving a full account of his asriv.l and his reception in England, with fervent declarations of his constancy. Many difti culties were however, apparently to be re moved before his claim to his father's estate and title could be entertained or proved, as he could not satisfactorily offer eufficient evidence as to his identity without the private papers which were still in the possession of Jack Tantrum. These documents he wished Arthur Landon to recover by some means from their unscru pulous and designing holder, even by offer ing a good round sum of money, should any otherinducement fail. The writer also stated that the friends of Wpthnsent heir--lis baby claims and declared him an imposter, in con sequence of which, an action at law had been entered into by him to prove his rights. His mother was still living, but very old and im becile, and although she acknowledged him as her youngest and long lost son, the oppo site party protested that her mind was weak and susceptible to he imposed upon. Arthur, in complianes to these instructions, on regaining his former strength, resolved to seek out his enemy Jack Tantrum in order to recover his friend's documents, and more over to satisfy his own mind if possible as to vaguesuspicions he had of late entertained that the daring horse-dealer must have had some hand in the murder of Kathleen Haley, Through some inquiries, he found out that Jack Tantrum had gone to Twofold Bay on some business, Arthur accordingly set out tos to that port with Bulgar Jack as an atten. dant in order to encounter the horse-dealer. As they were nearing that town Arthur ob served Bulgar several times dismounting and ecrutinizing some tracks on the road At last he inquired: ""IVhat are you looking for Bulgar?" "Me look out yarraman drack, Massa Artha." "There are plenty tracks here, Bulgar, to look at which would be hard to dies tinguish. Can you make out any of them?" " Baal me know, but me think it one fellow drack like it that one me make a light along Marloo." Marloo was toe aoorrgmatnal name rot en high cliff overhanging the waterfall where it wes believed Kathleen had been thrown over; but that Bulgar could recognize it now, Arthur thought it altogether impro bable, and simply remarked: "I fear you are mistaken, Bulgar. It would be impossible to make it out among all these tracks so long;after; besides, the ground about Marloo is too hard to make out tracks clearly." " P'raps coberra belong to me too much stupid. )Ie only think it." The reader must observe that although the aborigines may be pretty positive in their own minds regarding any remarks they make, they never demonstrate their skill in discoveries they may make nor come to any sudden conclusions until they are uorfectly satisfied that they are correct. And even then they give but an abrupt explanation in their broken tongue or idiom, which, if doubted, will cause them annoyance, and they will never repeat it again, let the dis covery be ever so important. Arthur knew, by long experience and intercourse with them, of all their habits and characteristics, and so refrained from pushing his inquiries on this occasion lest his follower should be. come sulky. The pair therefore proceeded on their journey and soon arrived in Eden town. 0HAPTER XVII. ABTTlUR OUTWITrr D. Arthur Landauon had not been long in the small marine townebship when he encountered the horse-dealer, who exulaimed in his usual forward and breusque style: "Hallo Landon I Bisen from the grave? I heard you were cooked." " Not yet, Jack, I am not so easily floored as that."' 'You are pretty tough it appears. But that was a mad attempt of yours. Why a 'possum could not face such a height as that ?" "You know the place then, Jack?" added Arthur, giving the other aside look in order to watch the offect of this remark. He per ceived that Jack winced a little; but the bold horseodealer was not so easily entrapped, and Arthur, considering caution the prudent course to take, did not follow up his interro gations. Jack replied with assumed careless nesr:- "WVell, I have seen the place some years ago. But, by-the-by, wasn't that a sheocking affair about poor Kathleen? 1 suppose you have heard that the old couple promised her to me? I cannot bear to go near the old souls, for it would only add to their grief to 

 see me. I felt very much myself on hearing of her death, but it can't be helped now, I suppose. I believe you were a little struck there yourself, Landon?" Arthur listened with disgust to these un. feeling remarks, and wondered that any person could manifest such callousness when touching upon ioch a mournful topic. He could hardly. harbor the belief that Jack although remorceless) was guilty of such an atrocious deed by the careless manner he spoke. In coming to this conclusion he re plied: "I should think, Jack, that would be the wrong way to show your sympathy with Ktthleen's parents. You ought to visit and console them after promising you their daughter." "That might be the right way, Landon, but I can't bear to see people crying and mourning. Youhad a narrow escape from swinging for that affair, Arthur. By Georgel it would be rather awkward to get strung up for a sweatheart, wouldn't it ?" '?It would when a parson' was :innocent. Jack." " But what a flat you were to search-for her body just to shove your own head in the noose." "How could that be ? I should think that would prove my innocence more?" "Just this way, Arthur. Nothing could save you from the gallows if the body was dis-. covered, for it appears you were the last per. son in her company." "I would chance the gallows, Jack, on con. dition of finding her, and besides that, the tracks seen about the fall did not correspond with mine." "Were the tracks seen then? I didn'thear of that," replied Jack, with some uneasiness, when Arthur added:- "Certainly, Bulgar there, saw them it seems.' During this conversation -which took place outside, and some distance from any thoroughfare-the blaclfellow, who was first behind Arthur, walked carelessly round until he came behind Jack Tantrum, and was at this moment bent toward the ground, as if examining, or looking for something. Neither of the speakers noticed his position until Arthur mentioned his name, when Jack turned suddenly round, and beheld Bulgar scrutinizing the ground behind him, then he cried out, with apparent annoyance: "What the devil are you lookingfor there, darkie ?" Bulgar being thus caught in his occupa. tion gave a start; but instantly, with that coolness and ready answer peculiar to his race, replied carelessly : "I believe meself look out a bit o 'bacsa; tumble down a long a grass." Arthur could plainly perceive that Tantrum felt uneasy after this, and, wishing to broach the subject concerning Frank' Anstey's papers, he propes-d retiring to a public house in order to have a better opportunity of conversing more at ease. Just as they were nearing the hotel Jack exclaimed, as it be thinking himself:- "Will you just step in while I go over to that store, and I eha'l be back in a few minutes. I have a pair of tight boots on, which I got from a fellow the other day with whom I swopped mine, and tho-confounded things are pinching me. I must get a new pair at once." With that he vanished, while Arthur entered the room followed by Bulgar. In_.e;nhu'r dted�lnm.renea whera thev were "What were you looking for behind Tan trum a while ago?" " Me look out drack along o' that fellow," replied the black, in a whisper. "And did you see it any time before, Bulgar? " "I believe so. be see it a long a Marlon." "Indeed, Bulgar ? You are sure it is the game?" "I believe so," was the black's curt reply, which was as well as if he had been sworn, as Arthur knew well. There were no doubts now in his mind about the murderer, but what could he do ? Tantrum had evidently taken alarm and had changed his boots. But even if he had not, the blackfellow's evidence or statement could only be taken in corroboration of other evi dence.Besides(asin his own case),the body was not found. There were also thehorse-tracks, which Arthur wished to be more positive about, and accordingly put the following questions to Bulgar: " How did you know the yarraman track, Bulgar?" " You see narrang bit broke one shoe." On hearing this Arthur was determined to have a look at the horse's hoofs if he could get an opportunity to examine them without Jack's. knowledge. That individual now made his appearance in new riding boots. " Well, Landon, I hope I didn't keep you too long. I was at the blacksmith's getting my horse shod since. By-the-by, you told me that you.had.some private business with Sme." "I have, Jack. I received a letter lately from Frank Anstey in England, stating that he left some private papers at your station, when there, and wishes me to get them from yoC." "I told him already that he'll never put a finger on them until he forks out pretty handsomely," replied Jack. " Toat is very hard on the poor fellow, especially before he comes into possession; but how much would satisfy you, Jack ?" "I want a couple of thousand, down on the nail, before I part with them, and so you can tell him. If he gets the property that sum would only be a drop in a bucket out ol it." "I didn't think-you were so cruel, Jack. That is a sum which he cannot raise while he has to carry on a law-suit." "Ican't help that, Arthur. He used me scurvily when he left and hired with you in Melbourne, so you see it's my turn now.,' "If that is the way Jack,I'll have no more to say to you." With that Arthur left him in more disgust than ever, and resolved to put into execution a plan which might involve the horse-dealer in suspicion, of the crime, although he could not prove against him. This forlorn hope was to get the old shoes of the horse, and Jack's old boots, if possible; but the reader will see how the experienced and wily Tan trum frustrated our hero's designs and se cured himself from arrest. After Jack Tantrum leaving the town, Arthur visited the store where the former had changedhis.boots, and, asking the storeman what had been done with the old boots, that individual informed him, to his disappoint ment, that Jack had carried them away. He had nothiqg now left but to call on the black smith, inqliring for second hand horse shoes and that the pair lwhich was taken ofi Tan trum's horse woulddo. Here he was also ball:d, for the son of Vulcan told him that Jack darried them off himself. Our hiro, being checkmated on all sides, gave up the case as hopeless, seeing not the shadow of a pull at the horse-dealer, who was too "old in the horn" for him, and who thus so effeolually removed the only clue which might lead to his apprehension. This precaution on the part of Jack Tan trum leIt no doubt on Arthur's mind as to the guilty person; and the reader need not be surprised at the promptitude which the hlorse.dealer exercised when perceiving the blecklellow.liko a bloodhound at his heels. This was not the firet time he hadbaflledthe "black varmint " (as he called them), and thrown them off his scent. They wore thu moet dangerous opponents he had in the colonies, and he was the only whitefellow who so effectually defied their instinctive powers of tracing out his place of refuge 

 t;. I.,l- o ?a:t?.n-s-l.tch oae a' ye: en. known to them. CHAPTER XVIII. THE OPEBf. STA3. It will be seen by the incidents in the pre ceding chapter that our hero had been baffled by the wily Jack Tantrum in the two material objects which had occupied all his mind of late. These were the recovery of Frank Anetey's private documents and ohb taining Jack's old boots and the horse's shoes. However, Arthur gained more evi dence, and added another link to the proofs and suspicions already created in his own mind against the daring horse-dealer, and his evident guilt in making away with the lovely Kathleen. His only course now was to persevere in his search for the body, or some traces of it; but,. alas, notwithstanding his own and Bulgar Jack's assiduity, not another addi tional vestige or trace could they find. These constant searches convinced our heromore and more, together 'with Bulgar Jack's first opinion, and also the off-hand and indifferent manner with which Jack Tan trum treated the matter, that the latter, al though a bold and cunning chiaracter, was not actually guilty of murdering the inno. cent girl, but had most likely carried her off to the mountains where his esupposedHorse shoe Station was. And, in that case, he had most likely compelled her by threats to be come his wife. These thoughts, although galling to his own honorable and constant mind, were nevertheless Assoelated With vague hopes which partially relieved the dreadful apprehensions which weighed him down, under the impression that his ador able Kathleen had been barbarously mur dered. Under these conflicting suspicions, he thought of oner more rousing himself to action and, by attending to his former call ing, to drive away the melancholy which weighed upon his mind, as his lamented affianced was apparently lost to him for ever. He had given up dealing and attend ing the Victorian markets ever since the fatal trip on which he was brought back a pri soner on a charge of murder, and was becom ing every day more anxious to leave that part of the country which constantly brought to his sorrowful mind the recollections of happier days, and the scenes of his happy boyhood in the company of the sweet girl who was now lost to him for ever. He ac cordingly,with the consentof his parents,tookr another trip to Melbourne for the purpose of looking out for a larger and more convenient station in Victoria, as their capital now amounted to a considerable sum through Arthur's successful dealings in stock for some years. On this occasion he brought to market a larger herd both of cattle and horses, as he determined it to be the last speo or transaction in that trade. Arriving at his destination safely, and die. posing of all his stock to advantage,he visited the bank in which his capital had been de posited, and to have a chat with his old friend Pembroke, whom he had not seen for the last three years. On the manager seeing our hero, he called him to his private office, and there related to him some news which filled him with surprise and disappoint. ment. This was noless than that his supposedfriend iy absconded, anPcarrnre1 away a oionsihr able sum of money belonging to the bank, and also some of Arthur's own funds. The manager,also, in answer to our hero's inquiries,said that he had himself entertained everyl confidence until now in the honesty and trustworthiness of the defaulter, and the only reason he could assign for Pembroke's delinquencies was that the unfortunate young man had become of late enamoured of and according to :report-entangled with a new star and a famous vocalist belonging to an Italian opera company lately arrived in Mel bourne. These were the sad tidings which awaited Arthur on his coming to town, tidings which would now disarrange his plans, as this loss would prevent him from entering on his in tended transactions in purchasing another station. This was the first pecuniary lore he had met with, and which, added to his other great loss, instigated him to imbibe for the first time somewhat freely in wine in order to drown his melancholly. Finding himself in better spirits through these false stimulants in company with other young squatters of his acquaintance, he so companied them, as a matter of coarse, to opera, in in order to hear and see the cele. brated star and beauty, who was the theme of universal conversation. Having taken a convenient seat near the stage, with a few of his companions in the same box, they awaited the appearance of the young lady. The box in which Arthur was seated was situated on one side of the stage, so that al though near, he could only see the fair singer's profile. There was something in the voiceof thecantatrice,however,andsome ofher features which brought to his mind remem brance of some like sound and looks, but it was not until she faced round towards the side he occupied and her brilliant eyes were for a moment fixed upon him that his sue. picions were verified. There indeed stood before him, in her gorgeous attire, bespangled with brilliant stars and valuable jewels settting forth her queenly beauty, the little Nina he had saved from the flames on Black Thursday, now de. veloped into a lovely woman. Twice she turned her gaze on him, and each time her voice seemed to acquire a mournful cadence not in accordance with the part intended, but as if inspired by some extraneous feelings. The audience seemed both charmed and puzzled; but more so when she turned her face and eyes toward the other side of the stage, fixing them on one of the stage boxes in which sat a matronly female. In an in stant she moved her looks gently round again to Arthur, which look broke down her last powers of restraint, and her mellow voice was choked by broken sobs. The manager flew to her assistance and led her from the stage, while she held her handkerchief convulsively to her eyes, both disappearing behind the scenes. There was a visible stillness among the audience. save stifling sobs among the females, whose feel ings the interesting and melodious singer had visibly carried away. The manager soon'made his re-appearance, apologizing for the break down of the favorite vocalist,and pleading an excuse that she was indisposed that night, but was ore to appear every other evening. Arthur Landon, who had unronsciously been the object of universal scrutiny-as many eyes and glasses were levelled at him -was in a state of bewilderment as if mest merised. He instinctively followed Nina'a eyes to the other box on the opposite side of the stage, where he beheld Mrs. Whitford Nina's old guardian-who on seeing her former charge retiring from the stage over come with her feelings, herself withdrew hurriedly This convinced Arthur that Nina most likely stayed with her former friend. He therefore resolved on repairing to his old quarters, as he had not called as yet there, having been staytng at one of the leading hotels along with other squatters. He had, however, some difficulty in ridding himself of his companions, as they teased him unmerci. fully for the marked notice the fair Nina had taken of him, and also pressed him with questions whether they had met before, and under what circumstances, as they were under the impression that this was her firct appearane in Abautrallie, (To be continuaed,) 

 Effects of Inebriety.-We seo many in. stances of the remarkab:e brevity of a man's respectability when he is once fairly launched on the sea of iucbriety. His course to the lowest depths of degladetien is by ewifli and sure decrees. lie commences imbibing a little whene egsged in a poaition of trust "t. profit. His superiors notice it, and he e irfrt ' manded for it. Soon he lays ff hom fr:e not being in a fit state to attend, ar:d thfla occurs so Often that at last he is discharged. He then gives way entirely to the appetite and spends every cent in liquor. Ile becomes ashamed to look for employment, at,d pawns his watch; ring, and whatevecr other articles he niay possess, the proceeds of these joining the rest. iHe next visits a second hand rhop and exchanges his good clothes for poor ones and a little money. This money gone he visits another second hand establishment and again trades for worse clothes and some " boot." He keeps on at this until finally he is clothed in such rags that be can trade no more. He is then a total wreak, and would never be re cognized as the gay, refined, and highly re spectable young man of the few months before. I have known several cases eimiliar to that, andalmost all of them have commenced merely thiough i'desire to be sociable. Homing Pigeons-An enormous flight of pigeons, constating.of some seven hhndred or eight hundred birds, took'place at Dover, England, on the morning of August 30, for a race from that place to Brussels. The birds were brought over in baskets, which formed part of the deck cargo of the Ostend mail packet. The pigeons belong to different Bel. gian societies, and were flown in connection with the Society of Sans Peur, of Lseken, near Brussels. The start was a very interest ing sight. The channel being fairly clear, the baskets were placed in tiers on the quay, the flaps on a given signal were let down, and simultaneously the birds rose like a cloud, and after circling in the air for a moment, headed southward and made off in the direc tion of Calais, all being well away within the space of two minutes. A similar race is be ing arranged from London to lrussels. Some five hundred birds, trained to act as moe. sengers in case of war, and belonging to dif. ferent societies in and around Paris. were also recently flown from Dover to Paris. As our readers probably know, the training and fly. ing of pigeons has bosome the national sport in Belgium. Almost every family has a pigeon chamber in the upper part of the house. Foot. ball in Australia is nothing as compared with the homing pigeon sport in Belgium. The Books Balanced Perfectly.-The cashier of a business place bad occasion to leave his desk one day, and he called the son of the proprietor, who was at work in another department, to take his place for an. hour or two, and instructed him about how to make entries in the cash book, in cascany money came in, the receipts on one side and the disbursements on the other. The boy's father wanted ten shillings which the son gave him, and when the cashier came back he found an entry in the cash book. On one side was this: " Took in ten shillings from a granger with his pants tucked under his boots." The cashier looked at the scrawl in the book and then at the cash drawer, and said, " Well, where's the ten shillings 1" The boy thought a minute, took a pencil and wrote on one side of the book, "Well, it balances, does'n it. What more do you wantl" Presence of Mind.-On a river boat the passengers had crowded all on one side, so much so that progress was impeded. It was almost impossible to move them, they were so numerous, so the captain sung out. "Collins, you must get the crowd on the other side I" ".Ay, ay, sir I" and immediately on that side was heard the dry: "Man over board I" The crowd rushed over to see, the boat righted, and the captain, with a laugh, said. "Well done,. Collinsl" Plowers aePunerals.-He bad been in only tolerable'oircumbtances-dependent on his weekly salary. Yet at his funeral the "Gates Ajar," the "Broken Pillar," tihe " Cross and Crown," the " Sheaf of Wheat" and .another invention of the florist, the "Vacant Chair,"' were all there. Enough money had beeh spent in the useless and ostentatious things to keep the dead man's family for several months. His coffin was piled high with " floral emblems, ' and twenty five carriages waited around the corner to join the regulated six that were permitted to stand before the church door. This was a pleasing way of" getting ahead of the priest," who had wisely forbidden that more carriages than the half dozen should attend any of his parishoners' funerals. The next week the friends of the deseased were engaged in arranging a collection for the procuring of a sewing-machine for-so the printed card of appeal said-" a starving family." Betrothal Customs in Russia.-When a couple are engaged in Russia a betrothal feast is held and the bride-elect has a look of hair out off in the presence of witnesses. This is given to the bridegroom, who in return presents a silver ring with a tur quoise, an almond cake, and a gift of bread and salt. From this moment the two are plighted, nor can the relatives break off the match except with the consent of the be trothed pair, which is signified by the return of the look of hair and ring. So much im portance is attached to the ring-at least in the north of uassia-that, among poor people who cannot afford silver and turquoise, tin and a bit of blue stone are substituted. These betrothal rings are kept as heirlooms, and most not serve twice. The Deceased Kings of Ceyloi.--ln Ceylon, formerly, after burning the bodies of the deceased kings of Kandy, their ashes were carried by a man in a black mask to the Mahawelli Gangs, where he embarked in a nanoe. At the deepest part of the river he olove the vase with a sword, scattered the ashes on the stream, and, plunging headlong after them, dived, arose near the opposite bank, whence he fled into the forest, and was presumed to be never more seen. The canoe was allowed to drift away, the horse and ele phants that accompanied the procession were set at liberty in the woods, and the women, who had strewed rice over the remains, were transported across the river and forbidden to return. Buy Pictures.-Get pictures if you can. Nothing is more melancholy, particularly to a person who has to pass much time in his room, than blank walls and nothing on them, for pictures are loopholes of escape for the soul, leading it to other cesncos and other spheres. It is such an inexpressible relief to some persons engaged in writing, or oven reading, on looking up not to have his line of vision stopped bshort by an odious bare wall, but to find his ocul cesaping, as it were, through the frame of an exquisite piuture to other beautiful and, perhaps, Idyllic scenes, where the fancy of a moment may revel, re freshed and delighted. Artificial Eyes.-It is stated that French surgeons have succeded in replaciog glass' eyes with thofrontpartsofrabbit'seyes. The coat is stitched fast to the ball of a sightless human eye, and made to adhere, so that it causes no further trouble and looks as well as the natural eye. It is, o! course, sight. less, but it is far less bother than a glass 54