1Rovelit., ARTHU:R LANDON, THE AUSTRALIAN BUSHMAN. - BY ANCUS MACLEAN. AUTnOR OF " HARRY BLOOItaiE.LD, &C.. CHAPTER XVIII.-(COxorrrED ) To these importunities he gave evasive answers, and rid himself of their company by some excuse. Then he bent his steps to wards Mrs. Whitford's lodgings. CHAPTER XIX. - TH1 NiEWLY-DISCOYERED RELATIO\\N-, We left Arthur Landoh on his way to the lodgings where he thought it moseet likely Nina had taken up her abode in Melbourne, and where he himself had spent many a pleasant hour in her charming company when she was but a little girl. We have al ready mentioned that for the first time he had been tempted, through reverses, to join his squatting companions in tasting wine, which indulgence, although not to excess, caused some difference'in his usual quiet and unobtrusive manner. It also enkindled in his heart an amount of warm feeling- to wards the charming Nina. The manifesf impression his recognition had made upon her, and her notice of him among so many people moved him strangely. We therefore doubt whether his heart felt the same pleasure before even in the charm ing company of his lost Kathleen,or whether the latter even hold a corner in his affections at the present moment, when anticipating in his mind the happy and joyful meeting which would presently take place between himself and the lovely being who had en grossed his thoughts so completely. His mind reverted to the old bargain between them that he would embrace her wherever he met her for the first time when grown up-to be a woman. He thought the present occa. sion would be a cood opportunity to put it into execution. Many other such airy castles besides were erected and pulled down in his mind during his short and smart walk from the opera to Mrs. Whitford's house. On ap. proaching he beheld a close cab leaving after delivering the precious burden it carried i few minutes ago. He soon gained the well known drawing. room, and entered unannounced, where he beheld the lovely Nina relieving herself 6f a large cloak which she wore over her splendid dress, and there she stood before him" in all her glory " like an empress. An exclamation of delight escaped her, and the name "Arthur!" sounded so joyously from her lips, as with outstretched arms she received him. "My darling Nina I"exclaimed Arthur, in the same breath, and clasping the young maid in his strong embrace, he kissed her lips. To his surprisae and disappointment she disengaged herself instantly, exclaim. ccg: "For shame, Arthur-kissing a married woman 1" He stood aghast, transfixed to the spot,not knowing how to express himself, and perceiv. ing, for the first time, Mrs. Whitford, who alsoe seemed displeased which added more to his confusion. At last he found utter ance: "Yon are not married surely, Nina ? You only joke," he cried. "There is no joke about it, Arthur, lMrs. Whitford will tell you," replied Nina, with n trembling voice. Mrs. Whitford confirmed the statement, and Arthur by degrees gained his equani mity. We will give Nina's history in our own words, but, at the same time curtail it, as some of the details would be superfluous and uninteresting to the reader. We have seen already that the count-her teather-had been liberated in his native country, where he had been imprisoned some years for political offences. lie had been led to believe that his property-which had been confiscated--would be restored to him; but, unfortunately, while away in Australia for his daughter Nina, another political dis. turbance took place before he returned, which prevented his laying claim to the property, so that he was obliged to wait his time until a more favorable occasion presented itself. All his resources were exhausted, and, not being able to earn a living for himself and daughter, he at length came to the resolution of taking advantage of Nina's natural gifts by instructing her (through the interest of some of his friends) in singing. She was accordingly sent to the best and most cele brated school in Italy. Nina's natural gifts and abilities soon enabled her to rank amongst the most talented vocalists in Italy, and being possessed of rare personal attractions combined with the other qualifi cations, her future success upon the stage was considered a certainty. But her poor father did not live long to enjoy his daughtcr's triumphs, for his long imprisonment and re verses had undermined a constitution which had never been robust. On his death he left 'ina some documents which contained his wn history and that of her mother, so far as e knew. As to his own history, it was only a repe tition of the life and adventures of many other refugees from his country, and there. fore not worth recording here. But his late wife's, although short, will be more useful to our tale. She had been an only daughter 

 of a younger scion of an aristocratic family in England, who had married a beautiful girl of humbler class iq society. Conse. quently his relations would not recognize him. But at his death (after his wife had given birth to a daughter, the subject of this memoir) the great family adopted the child, who if she lived would some day become a great h.iress. The child became a great favorite,as there were no other young shoots among the.branches of the family, and as may be supposed she had a good deal of her own way. Among all the other branches of education and accomplishments she had been taught, it had been .arranged that shq should enjoy the benefit of a first class Italian tutor, to teach her music. The refugee Count-who was one of the talented teachers to be found inEogland-was engaged for that service. The consequence may be goessed. The young pupil fell in love with the hand some Italian, who returned. her affection, and the misguided pair eloped and came to Melbourne, where-as we have heard before -they had to depend for living on the Count's musical talents. "But do you know your mother's maiden name, or is her mother (your grandmother) living?" asked our hero, excitedly inter. rapting Nina in the midst of her his tory. "Indeed, I forget the name just now, but I shall see by the papers when I look through them. They are somewhere in one of my trunks. But as for your other question "what became of my grandmother?' the papers record that she married a former lover of her's and came to Australia." This addition made Arthur manifest more interest still in the narrative, but he allowed Nina to .finish her own history ,which she seemed to approach with more timidity and feeling, and which was to the following ef feet : Although she could easily find abundant engagements upder celebrated managers to join theatrical or opera companies in Europe after her father's death, she preferred coming to Australia. She therefore joined the com. pany she was then with on their taking on. gagements for a tour in the colonies. On her first appearance in Melbourne, Pembroke recognized and fell desperately in love with her after their old acquaintanceship, and being a handsome young gentleman and re puted a clever and well to do person, she re. aeived his addresses, but never yielded to his earnest proffers of marriage until he told her that Arthur Landeod-whom she eagerly wished to see-had lain for some time under a terrible charge of murdering a beautiful girl whom he loved in a fit of jealousy. Mrs. Wbi'ford had corroborated this statement by telling her how Arthur had been arrested at her house on the above charge. Under these circumstances, and on the morning of that same day, Pembroke sue ceeded in prevailing upon her to become his w.fe, and the marriage was celebrated pri. vately at-Mrs. Whitford's But, alas I the most distressing part of the history was to follow. The young gentleman who acted as best man, and who was one of theclerks belong ing to the bank in which the bridegroom was employed, returned in- a few hours with the dreadful intelligence that there had been an examination made of Pembroke's books and that defalcations to a considerable amount had been discovered. The conse. quenues was that a warrant was issued by the bank directors against him. He thought in the first instance to give himself up, but the clerk advised him strongly to ship himself off to South America, which last advice he followed. In bidding farewell to his unfortunate bride, he begged of her to keep the marriage a secret, and urged the other parties that were witnesses to the same effect, which they all promised. He also left a good sum of money with Nine, and told her o make a trip to California that he might oin her there. She now, with streaming tears,laidher sad tale before our hero, whom she considered as her truest and beat friend on earth. She told him, also, with ardent resolution that she would hand over every farthing her mis. guided husband left her, and that she would moreover follow out her profession with all her zeal in order to save out of her earnings anfodoient to liquidate his defalcations by yearly instalments. Never before did the noble-minded girl stand so high in the estimation of our hero as on the present occasion, when thus offer. ing to make such a sacrifice. He never told her that he was himself a sufferer by her hus. band's frauds, lest the knowledge should in. oreeas her distress. Hoe did not wonder at her break down while singing that evening, and rather mar. velled that she had held out so long. Her case he considered harder than his own, every syllable of which he related to the weeping Nina, who sympathised with him in fill pity. She now lamented the more that Arthur had not arrived a day sooner,de claring that she never would have become Penbroke's wife-even if he were innocent had our hero made an offer for her hand, But, alas I these declarations were now too late, and lamentations were all unavail. ing. Arthur was the first to rouse himself from these desponding thoughts. by asking Nina to look at the documents in which the maiden name of her late mother was mentioned, as the subject seemed to take some special hold of his thoughts. Nina excused herself for for. getting a subject eo closely connected with her own parentage, by remarking that she never heard her father mention the name, and she was too young when her- mother died to put the question, and although she read the name once, it :had escaped her memory, having never heard the same be. fore. She now searched diligently for her paoents' marriage certificate, and read out in clear accents-which thrilled every vein in Arthur Landon's heart - the following words:- "The only daughter of the late Hon, Charles James Cranstone." "Good Heavens-I thought so I" exclaimed Arthur, springing up to his feet, and en. circling Nina in his arms for the second time that evening. "My darling Neice! You are not offended with your uncle, Nina. The HIon. Charles Cranstone was my mother's first husband, and they had but one child, your mother. I now remember her voice on Black Thursday; [how very like my mother's I" We shall leave the reader to guess the ex. planationsl which followed upon this oul. mination of curious and interesting events, CHAPTERI XX. THE NEW CHUMSc. When Arthur and his newly discovered niece became calm Enough to discuss the pos?ition, they entered into a compact that they would strenuously endeavor to pay off Pembroke's liabilities, and so secure his soafelty. Arthur. in conformity with these resolu tions, waited upon the manager of the bank and urged him not to prosecute, or to send the detectives after the absconder, agreeing that he himself would go security for the debt. The sum of money left with Nina was also given up to the banker, and that func tionary knowing Arthur's oWn share in the losses, admired his conduct, and at last agreed to the desired arrangement. Arthur also took chalrge of all documents, which Ninn held in case some of them might become valuable hereafter, and after arrang ing all other traissactions in Melbourne he teook an affectionate leave of his niece with whom he promised to correspond regu. larly. 

 Arthur had started his stock drivers tac? to Msneroo immediately after the sale, and only re:ained the faithful black (Bulgar Jack) in town, in order to accompany him self on his journey home after settling catters in town. He also engaged two new hands (fresh arrivals from home),uot for their equestrian powers-for they had enjoyed very little experience in that capacity in their own countries-but rather fur hard manual work about the station, and also on the road with stock, such as falling timber, making temporary stock yards, and such like lator. They were two stalwart and powerful hands, accustomed to hard work, very faithful and honest, but at the same time very original in tiheir character. The one was an Irishman from the wildest part of Kerry, named Barney Kelly, whose native tongue (Irish) was far more fluent than his broken English. The other was a strong brawny Highland. man who hailed from Dobchnasaich-in the Braes of Lochaber-named Sandy Campbell. He was a worse " fist " at the English lan guage than his Irish mate. Both were en thusiastie upholders of their respective countrymen's prowess and excellence over all other countries and nations, and had they possessed the gift of expressing their feelings intelligibly to one another while debating and upholding these opinions, we fear that their heads would have often received un pleasant cracks from the sticks which each of them had loyally brought from their own country, and which had been put in use at fairs and other gatherings by them. Both were adepts with the national and for. midable weapon. Barney carried his neat blackthorn shilela and Sandy his faithful batadarraich (oaken stick). Nor did Bulgar Jack's broken idiom or dialect help to ex plain matters between the hot disputants when the arguments at issuebecamo compli cated. Their present employer, Arthur Landon, enjoyed the singular and novel con troversy, which often took place between his stalwart " new-chum " servants. One particular adventure which took place on their journey homewards we must mention for the edification of the reader. Although ridiculous in the eyes of an Auns tralian bushman, yet it caused great amuse ment to Arthur, who overheard and wit. nessed the singular spectacle. On travelling as far as Shady Creek on the old Gippsland line of road-which was then in its rough and primitive state-the party camped for the night. The horses were turned out and hobbled, each of the party taking their turn at watching them lest they should stray too far into the then thick and -almost impene trable forest. Bulgar Jack was the only p-r. son of the three servants upon whom Arthur could depend to find them, as the rev arrivals could rot track or trust themselves in the'forest. What between wild blacks, snakes, and other Australian monsters, their minds were kept-in perpetnual terror. After completing their bush meal, Arthur rolled himself in his 'possum rug, a little distance from the blazing fire, which sent its glare over the deep shady dell, illuminating the gigantic trees standing around them like so many stalwart sentinels, casting their wierd like shadows over the gloomy' landscape. The new arrivals looked around at the novel scene with awe-their thoughts influenced by their home superstitions-and imagined every tree and shadow was some terrible goblin or unearthly phantom. The noise of opposums and squirrels climbing and screeching kept them awake, and they were continually asking Bulgar what Creatures were disturbing their rest, which made the black so sulky at last, that he abused them in his cart adjectives, which, if they had understood, would have brought their- sticks down on his hard cranium. At last they became exhausted and dosy after their long journey, when an unearthly soream came from one of the nearest trees, reverberating through the thick forest and causing the new chums to spring up in real terror, Barney exclaiming in Irish: " Mile murder I The Lord ha' mercy on us, Sandy, did ye hear that?" Another and more terribly shocking scream was heard from the tree, which want piercing through the dell, and made the hair on the heads of the terror stricken watchmen stand on end. Sandy exclaiming in his native dialect : " Dios criest / Parney, we be killed di rectly t" The Irishman, who now caught eight of the author of this nocturnal and awful noise exclaimed in return: " Be the holy St. Pathrick, d'ye see the monster ? Shure it is the ould fellow him. self I" Sandy followed his companion's eyes, and with consternation imprinted on his counten ance, beheld the dreaded object, at the same time drawing his favorite dirk or skian dhu -which he always carried about him-from its sheath and making a circle in the earth round himself-a Highland custom to pre. vent any evil spirit from injuring the person. Imagining himself secure from the influence of the night intruder, he added: " She be a bedach glas.' You be a bad man in Ireland, Parney, she be going to take you." "Enoughis as good as a feast." Morally interpreted, it belongs to a class of proverbs that have a tendency to make us undervalue money. Of this cast are those notable obser vations, that money is not health; riches cannot purchase anything; the metaphor which makes gold to he mere muck, with the morality which traces fine clothing to the sheep's back and denounces pearl as the un handsome excretion of an oyster. Hence, too, the phrase which imputes dirt to acres-a sophistry so bare-faced that even the literal sense of it is true only in a wet season. This, and abundance of similar sage saws assuming to inculcate content, we verily believe to have been the inventian of some borrower whohad designs upon the puree of his wealthier neigh. bour, which he could only hope to carry off byforce of these verbal jugglings. Translate any one of these sayings out of the artful metonymy which envelopes it, and the trick is apparent. Goodlyllege and shoulders of mutton, exhilaratingcordials, books, pictures, the opportunities of seeing foreign countries, independence, heart'eease, a man's own time to himself, are not muck, however we may be pleased to scandalize with that appellation the faithful metal that provides them for us. Artificial Flowers.-A merchant who deals in artificial flowers and foliage says that a great many poor people hire potted flowers and tropical plants for funerals. "We charge ten per cent. for their use, and in plenty of instances the flowers might better have been bought out and out. Take our foliage bouquets, composed of dracienas, begonias, coleus, geranium and ivy-they come cheap and it is poor economy to hire them. But people of small means like the immediate saving, and the ' long run' is not taken into account. For funerals that take place in church we sell quantities of ehrsyan themums, roses, tiger and calla lilies, hya cinths, etc. Natural flowers are sometimes represented 0n the same altar, and it is im poessilbo to tell which is which. The imita tion of common flowers has been reduced to a fine art. One can hardly believe how ra. pidly artificial flowers have sprung into favor, even among the rich. They are used in ballrooms, theatres, restaurant windows, stores, and most everywhere. We hnavesome welli-known varieties so adroitly made that they would deceive the most learned botanist at a little distance. A wise man's heart is like a broad hearth that keeps the coals (hie passions) from burning the house. Good deeds in his life are coala raked up in embers, to make a fire next day. (T, be codbinsied.)