I ft] ! J !/— >v > nAM/V^ c£b dSij © Written specially for the H.B.W. COUNTRY PRESS ASSOCIATION. By E. DOIDQE, Monitor of tho London Socioiy ol Authors, and author of - Marion Gorrisby, Mysteriosjs Mrs. Brown, The Daughter of Eve, Was She a Y/icIced WoEaan? Little Maori Waif, Father and Son. So., fie. CHAPTER VII .—(Continued.) Boresford on the Bollerophin provid ed 0110 of tho notable features of tlio great fight. Ho had been re-called from retirement and from tho floor of tho .House to tho deck of this great warship, 0110 of the. finest of tho dreadnoughts. And finely ho upheld tho traditions of tho British bull-clop;. It was a splendid finish to a career and a character that had but 0110 temporary eclipse. The Bollerophin had been set upon by two of tho onomy's ships, one a mecSSm cruiser and the othei of not much inferior calibre to Lord Boresford's boat.teTho contest was thus unequal; and aftor three to four hours' furious fighting tho Bellcrophin—a namo far-famed in England's naval annals—bo camo a badly used boat. Caught between two firo3 she fought right and loft, pour ing out a torrent of shot and sholl; so, as tlio evening shadows fell, she had not a flag left to fly; her masts wero blown away; only ono funnel remained ; her docks wero strown with doad and dying and slippery with blood; moro than a third of her 900 fighting mpn wore killed, and two-thirds of her guns wero silenced. Suaiitg that this was tho case, tho com mander of the larger vessel, which, it transpired, bore the flag and tho presence of tho second in command of tho German Fleet, Princo Henry (brother of tho Kaisor), signalled instructions to tho com mander of the other vessel which had playod upon tho Belleropliin to leave tho conclusion of the matter to him, so sure was he that he had tho prizo at his mercy. But the sequence proved ho counted with out liis host—sans Boresford and tho British bull-dogs of the still unconquored Bollorophin. . . . From tho cockpit camo tlio word—"Not more than 40 big canon shot left in tho lockers 1" "Enough and to spare!" cried tho "never-say-dio" commander. "At least our engines aro left to us! Put lior straight on to the enemy, and fire only from tho foremost 12-incli"—ono of tho pair had been put out of action. The distance of tho vessels when this order was given was not moro than three miles, and as tho Belleropliin bore down upon tlio 13,000 ton Schloisen, broadsides were poured out upon her, but straight on sho steamed ; on as if courting cortain death, for her fire was as the last dying spurting of a monster whoso strength was spent. . . What would Boresford do ? If ho wont down, ho would not go alone 1 If his ship and guns were disabled, ho and his men that wero loft alivo were yet full of fight; and ho would put Princo Henry and his men to tho su premo test. Tho Princo stood his ground. Ho injist have perceived the daring at tempt, and been amazed; but ho did not run. Ono thing ho did not know that Beresford purposed doing—if t]io possibil ity offered. On oamo the externally broken and disfigured Belleropliin. Flash lights from tho Schleisen flamed over the path of tho British .vessel as darkness fell; a. mile—a half-mile—of choppy sea alone divided them; tho 12-poundcr stoadily replied still to tho belching of tho Gorman j^uns, and the water about tho Bollerophin showed like a molten inforno, ploughed up and splashed by tor pedo explosions and shot and shell. Still on camo tho Bollerophin, till tho yolls of tho rival crews wero heard midst tho yoll of tho big puns. . . . Ah, then! Tho daring of it 1 Full-speed ahead! . . . It was tho psychological moment—tho su premo dash and nerve that did it; with tlio nicest calculation and finest seaman ship and cunning, under cover of tho darkness, 'tween tlio intermittent flashes, tho Belleropliin had rammed tho Schloi EOn—rammed her amidships—and with such impact that tho two vessels for quito tho spaco of 15 minutes hung together. , . . . Fifteen fatal minutes for tho Schleisen! For tho sequel was thufe written:—"In twonty minutes after tho crash, tho flag of Hoar-Admiral Princo Henry of Prussia was razed, and tho proud Schleisen was a captive to the prodigious valor of a Brit ish commander who had made tho despor nto onslaught, when every indication was that he was beaton out of all hope of re covery!" Tho cry of "a Beresford—a Beresford!" rang through tho lines, and to Iiondon, ore tho broken Bollerophin could tow her prizo to port. But what of tlio fight all along tho line? It was not until Sunday morning that decisivo news camo to hand. Tho posters wero headed in mnssivo type, "Victory, Victory, for tho British Navy 1" It was a* glorious victory, truly,.but hard ly won. Not absolutely decisive, for a slight; majority of vessels of the enemy had escaped, and bore away with them 13 of tho British ships; but they had cleared with tlieso while jet thoUritish wero un-' certain of victory; they had run away, perchanco, for fear they might loso all. Sooner than expeefbd tlioy must have re alised defeat was facing them. Far into tho nighfc the struggle ragod; but about mid-night tho British ships ranged to gether and awaited tho dawn of tho next morning. Then it was found that no less than 43 of tlio 79 British vessels had dis appeared. Tlieso comprised fivo of tho great Dreadnoughts; seven armored crui sors out of 20; 13 out of 33 torpedo boats and half of tho submarines (7) had sunk never to riso again. Surely it was victory at a terriblo cost? But tlieso figures included tho prize3, of which, in big and little, it was reported tlioro woro supposed to bo 19. Tlio Gorman losses wero believed to bo a total of 4G. Six out of 14 Dreadnoughts, oi"ht out- of 18 cruisers, 20 out of 40 tor pedo boats, 12 of tho 22 submarines (which wero responsible for many of tho greatest fatalities of tho battle). As against 11 ships taken a3 prizes by tho enemy, the British had secured 15. Anil of tho 6lain? Tho moro statement of tho killed and wounded told of tho desperate sovcrity of tho North' Sea fight. No less than 4100 British seamen and officers failed to bo ac counted for when tho rolls woro called. AVholo ships and their crows had simply disappeared. But, bccauso of tho cap tures effected by tho Germans, tho total slain could not then bo stated. Tho Qormans woro reported to have to talled between 5000 and G000 men lost. So much for tho immediate rosults of tho great North Sea fight. What of tho hostilities which wero rag ing down the Channel, and nearor tho heart of tho Empire? What followed "Black Thursday P" What of tho host from KindenP Havo patience, reader, for yet a littlo breathing space.