THE. FAR- OFF HAS- BEEN BY ISAAC BAlVTEY. CIIAPT'lER IX. Frl011) AND ToltitlD. (Contird). IHowever, there was a tsob that came to Page's fromt a greater distnnce, per haps ronm .Wyndham or even farther south, marked exactly the sante as those I, longing to Glencoe. Th.esqe strangers, owing ti the nature of their folding groundl, carried a red tinge, whereas lPage's showed a brownish blue tint. and Mr latey expressed the opinion that in drafting by culor the two men got their own sheep. In 1850 we had one HIolmes, who was on as a casual with (Judmore's flock dn ring the two days that individual was in Melbourne for taking it out of .Jimmy Winne. I well recollect that this man could not speak aboi\\' a hoarse whisper, but meeting him in 1869, he informed me that he had completely lost his voice shouting at sheep on that memnorable 27th of November, We may infer from this that all hands belonging to the various stations went in pursuit, most assuredly on horseback in mtost cases. From my in formant it was learnt that the stamped tl. a,..;.mJ. could be tracked by the dead earcases on the lines of flight. 'lhese had run until they fell frout sheer exhaust ion, and as a natural sequence the chill that enatted from overheating with a long mad gal'op finlished them. The drafting of Page's took about a week to get through, because in those years the swing-gate race was not in use, therefore every sheep had to be pulled out by hand. Now as regards weather, perhaps it was in the winter of 1848 that Itlmbs 6 weeks old perished from cold, while in Ocrtoe or of the sance year, the weather being too wet to go on with sheepwash ing, we Iead an earthquake. Whether it had anything to do with it or not, it was immediately followed with a drenchitng shower of rain. Our next flood was in the winter, l think, of 1851, but it was a small one compared with that of 1849. Donaldson of Koilor, who was lMitch ell's partner iii The Old England Hotel, was drowned in the later inundation, atnd it was a long tinme before his body was recovered. In Marclh, 1851, we hitl a continu ance of squally weather, and two of my brothers who wvere mninding a flock of sheep, in later years said it was wet every day for six weeks, This was the year that such great swarmtis of dt,ks, principally teal, were to be fotuntl. nut only on the creek, but also wherevrr there was a collectioti of crabhohes on the oipen grattnds or even amlong timber. This invasion of waterfowl was duo to the stormy weather, and it hag never happened sintce in this immediate vicin ity. Of course, when the occasional. very heavy rains fill upi Mt. Misery, the Rockbank and Melton swamps ducks are bound to comie. About the first week of .fsJanry, 1860, we had anotther watery visitation, Which lasted two or.three days, and caused anlother mighty flood. " This rainsquall came from the southward, and on one part of this property where the swallows took shelter we found scrue of' those birds with wings broken throughi being hit with hailstones. This deluge brought at first tin extraordinary swarm of soa gulle to the Melton swamps, followed in due course by clouds of ducks. This borst appears to have been' universal, because my late camp-mate, Arthur Watkins Burrow, told me it filled up thie natural water storages on the BIlla bong to overflowing. That country in first-class seasons is the breeding place for ducks of many sorts, and the rain comring so early the young birds were hatched in April and May. ilitherto in my account of the pheno menal rainstorm of the 27th November, 1849, I have. not-indicated the direction front which it . came. To ensure abso lute 'accracy on this point, Mr.'A. F. Daniel, our respected shire engineer,' was consulted; and' his opinion is that the wind was due south.' At what particu lar hoar of the night the watery blizzard commuenced no information can be given. As elsewhere stated in these nemoirs, th, pherds were bound by their agree nients not to.yard the sheep till sunset, and supposing the gale, say unaccotm panibd. with rain, had set;in, then Mr. Batey, feeling assured that there was going to be a very rough time, would havIvbestirred hitnself at tite first peep of dawn. As else?vbere stated, Mr Page hatd got to tlhe fag end of his flocks, hencethe probabilities are that his. men, to get through, would work as long as they could see. On one occasion lhere, John Hogben, with John Farrington, in shearing the lambs, stuck to the work late:.on Satttr day eveuing.-.bt .not getting,finished,. thiey 'fell to on Sunday morning in order '_nt0S 1 hulbs. Ml y fat her would go to bed between 9 and 10 o'eiock, but thenL the ?toirl coutild i:I Ild not have ?et in, lateuas. lhe would he aware of it.. T'. me it appln.ars ra lial to nassumoln that it com nlnceld at midnight, and spplosing it lid, the sheep that rai frota the W\\rrriee had ample tinos to reach Glencoe early next morning. - Tl,''ire have ben greater downpours sine", yet I imagine I am safe. in asaying that since that storm we hIave not had suchl an intmenso fall of rain in s tch a brief spice of time. liHre we will begin with Torri;d, pro faciag this part of our subject with the remark that we have had its bad or worse days than that of the memonrable 6:h of February, 1851. What nmakels it such a fixture in tmemnory is due to the fact that our old piooels had struck upon an experience both new and startling. With reference to thist day ' Th Aus tral Light,' a religions tmagazine with writers possessed of solid literary ablility, yet one of them fell into a great mistake in speaking of ' Black 'Thulrsday.' IHe avers, as if lie had ,been up it a balluoon, and had seen it all, that 'the whole country, front the MuIrray to the sea, was swept with bush fires.' Fiont what 1 klow of blush fires, al though in slrae clss thoey iay Conlallme mllanty tlhousands of acres of grass, never theless they partake more of the local than they do of thl, universal character. Had the writer sal I there were nnimer onas ulsh fires oil that day, he would be qnite correct. But we must halt here to tell those of the present geteiral it, what a Welsh. lman the Australian climate i4. An ancient writer, Geralldns C mltritensis. I tlhink, speaks of the WVelsh as vry de ceitful peiple, atd if they rea ly are so, oaur climate is precious like them. Here, for exsnmple, ont the P.7th of Nvenmber, 1849, we have an marrow frevzing gale of winmi; with dellugitg tor retls of rain, sheep perished with cold, or ,drowned perhaps itn thoinads ; arn I in the season of 1850 very little ruin In fiect what did conme was no donhtl scanty, because outr shctop began to lie of slheer hunger about the mnonthou ,'oirltn ary, 1851. The Messrs. Page at that ttlu, owing to the drouglht or Mr \\V J. '.,('larkle sweeping oat squatters whit the ' Special Servey,' along willth the enormous grass right lie aeitireid, sold all their sheep. W\\V ere ere.'tainly orer stocked, andi by wvay of relief a thousand good cwes were soli at 5/ per he.ad to MIr., afterwards Sir' William IHenry ul'ancourt Mitchell, later ont presilent of the Legislative Council. This gentletman, owned Ilnrfold Station on the COinpasp below Kyaetonu, andi I imagine tihait hi sqatattage ran out into the Rodesdale conntry. The pasture got that hall that anotlher thousand were sold at 3/3 an I 2"9 each. Thi;s proved that tie '51 Idrought was not universal, for if it Iad beent squatters would nut have bought stock to take inlhtl. Be.ing in my twlfthl yeatr itn 1850, 1 had to shephteld the strong mob of ltambs on thie Emu Creek for probably 6 wecks in the winter, during which period I ?have no recollection of wet or storimy weather. Ill the slnttloer. being senton to Page's sheepless run I mind the grass was as bare ass it was on our silo. I coenlude from what was seen iin this neighbourhood, all the country to'tlle west as far as the You Yangs wouItI lie as bare as a mnan's hand. On that large area 1no giass fire wonltl run, except it might he in add spots where it makes headway in narrow snaky strips that soon burn themselves out. However, on the mornirng of the 6th, our well-approved neighbour, Mr. Ed ward Page, came down to tell my father that hi thought a bush fire was making. this way. The pair of themn set forth, and the writer ind his brthlar .hln want wlsh them. On gaining Ithi upland, I well renimember thid terrific force If thi scoreth irig northli~ind, bloi?ing in gusts and hurling dried exereta of horses and cattle up aloft just like feathers. 'rite air was pretty. thick with dn.t and smoke principally dust, but not half to bad as the visitation we had last summer. We pnrshel out to shnllt the Bulls road, when the two man coming to the. con clusion that the fire was more titan 201) miles away, we all went home. I hardly think Mount Macedon was touched by fire -that. day, becanse had that, been the case we shluhld have been wrapped in a solid blue smoke blanket down here. Anyway, there was enough smoke up aloft to malte thi sun look like a great bliod-red shiid--an nweo somanne sight to those who hald not wit nossed sunch a phtentmtenn bh.fore. Fromn whlt is remembered of this day the.san heait was not out of theway great here, for what between dust ani smoke, there was a regular cloul blaiket, which loss cined the effect of the sub's rays. Vhat the 'shade temnipratura was I know no tlhing save that. Mi. Page inaidi ihat at 10 in the mnirniuig tie thernlometer in his ihouse registered bilod hieat, or 98.5 .l;-recs. t By s neu, au:1rithrties it is stated there i was ra .n: in the'eelenig, but. I have not I the slightest recolectiou of any falling in ior iieighbonh,ll, d. c •VWhen olr weekly paper ciine to handl -delivered, I: opine, h- th[i ' Arguis' proprietors allidg-lhn Butla road-there was a tale of destruction and loss of life, which latter ocitured somowh'fre in* thll River Plenty district. The whole farmily with the exception of the father, ~ he- . lieve, met th'ir deaths, and the sutirvivor c was so badly burnt in endeav.muring to I rescue those dear to him that helhad to ,be sent to thie' hspital. Now when I I comle to think, I have a hazy idea that this man, MeL.llan or .elceolland, did save some of the, children in 'pla:iug thewt in a waterholo. His home was in I scru'!by or heavily timbered country, and one of mly late brothers said a: grass fire Ilhen on our op',n lands is a nmero ,otlling coumpared with conflagrations where the forestry is dense. By MAr. Wni. Westgarth's account, there must have been a great loss of grain abshout Geolong, because heo says the late D)r. James Thompnson rode straight to Melbourne to advise the millers to bay up wheat before it began to rise. This destruction of wheat, threshed or unthreshed, wotild be on the farmteoads beyond Geelong.' How it fared with other agricultural centres I have no recollcrtion, but at that period, on the other side of the You Yangs, with perhaps the exception of Kilmoro, all farmnning operations would be conducted within easy access of e10l Ilrl ruie. Those days, to my knowledge, tile R;ver Plenty, the Mnonee Ponds right up to Broadmeadows, liei lelberg, Keilor. was an agricultural region, and my con clisions are the bush fires toulchled none of these places. If the dronuht was as had on the localities named as it was on this line, there would be no grass to burn, but we must not forget that the abovet-mentioned areas lie. within a tar totter rain belt than our district. We alwayr grow a little hay, and when the CaOaphellfield Flotr Mill was erect'd,. took to growing wheat on a four-acre plot. This in Black 'Th:ursday year yielded 15 bushels, or just :ta bushels to the acre, whnreud fiii the previous :season the same ground gave a return of 140 bushels. With respect to this 6th of February 1851, being the worst day our pioneers tp to tllat tilne hail experienced, I fancy imagination led theta to believe that tile extremes for which our country is noted could gb no further. Since that melmorable visitation the writer call count 52 years, and if the day in ques tion was bad, his candid opinion is that for heat we have had many days since far worse than it was. On the 20th of February, 1865, on tihe Murrambidgee, we had a frightful scorcher, and coming home in '66, my brother said it was dreadfullyv lot dowrn ihe-e. As recently as 1901, on Thurs day, iebrusry 7thl, we had a far worse visitation than than which occurred on the 6th of the same month in 1851; for in our modern era settlement Ihas be come dense, an lIas a sequtenee the bush fires in some places caused greater des trnction of property, with a heavier sene rifi,-e of human and animnal life. From my notes I fiud the two visita tions were mutch alike in character, with tile reservation that in 1851 thel northler blow its worst in the foreo an, whereas in 1901, at about six o'clock inl the eveni ltg it rivalled the force of the gale that I .had breasted 50 years before. ThIt heat was greater, for according to Mr. Baracchi the maximum shade tempera ttre was 109.5, that of the sun 158deg. I like to plunge into the conjectural, so I will assume that there was a ' Black Thursday' in 1801, and if those in 1851 and 1901 are true cyclic indicators, we are. ouand to have a repetition of th. same day if Februiary, 1951. One marked pitbhliarity in the summer of 1851 in this hdistrict was th, prevali ence of what we may teram dry lightning. a most unusual` eircumstance, seeinll that when we haive electrical dlisturbance? we mnayexpect'raini. The grass, except in. odd spots, was eaten to the roots. During one night the lightning fired the scanty lherlbage in two spots among stones, cote on the btsaltic soil north of the quartz reef, and the other on the eastern slope of the Asyluhm hill. These fired patches had burnt themselves otut, ant were of small extent, but Mr. Batey. knowing that the hand or man had no thing to do with thb-m, went, to have a look at the one on oar ground. Making a very careful exainination, hIe found a hard piece of rock-with a chip or splin ter kllocked off, and the ground along side eslghtly disturbed, thereby provig that tile electric siark, or whatever the .ciientists elect to call it, had struck thoroe. This was- the first drotghtt 1 Itave-any knowledge of. SMr. Edward--Page, speaking of his past iral fi*beeriiees said thitr one season he:ll tried 9000 sllel~ on 7000 acre;, but. finding that nutnbar far too matly; hi' reduced Ils stock to a slleep to thie acre. If tilers had been i real drought previous to 1851, I should'sany the Page brothers would hIave nmentioni-d it. However, it must be borne in mind that our pioneers lhad to breed uip from very small flocks, and had plenty of~room, so'that, he tie soeason what it tlight., their sheep would not starve. Tile proof is clear thllat tile winter and spring of 1851 had a fair share of rain, becimseo my tather, on returning fromn Iis, first turn at the diggings, bought 1100 sheep from a namesake of the present.lessee of thie Red Stone .;ll. There was an immense fall of rain in May, 1852, and during that winter, for the; first time, I saw a slight fall of sledty snow; but, by what has b:en read, snow fell in Melbourne sometimne in thel forties. - It is-rememhe?bd: that when we went west, towards easter, 1845, Mr. Adam Beale, who was helping my father's partnter to drive the cattle, turnetd uip at onur camp with nose and face coloured blue-with cold. This, thouglhi ai trivial item, is a flat contradictino of th,, asser dion that our climate is lowering in i niporattire; fur it proves that as far as nlensity of cold is concerned, what pre vailed 58 years ao still. prevails, an' will continui to do"so;' '"I-. WTIIhn i r. lanydion's chill was lst in the Iitnvernless lbox forest in 1848 f,,r two days and one night, or two niglhts aniid one day, my folks were surprised that the little toddler was found alive. At the ourset of this paper I called our country '.de land of the unexpected,' unid what follows goes to prove it. -.In 1868-9 we had such an awful drought that numibers of live stock lind to-be sent towards Gippsland. The gruhtest dust stormt ever kunwn here came up with i strong gale from the south in the summer of '69, and the darkness that ensued was so dense that lamps had to be lit. That seasonl a number of the Rock bank sheep had to he destroyed, and Brodie nmadejt presient of his (lock to the late William Pender. IIn 't9;!, during the winter, there was every proslect of having another bad season, but late in the spring copious rain fell, followed by probably three weeks of dull, cloudy, calm weather, and that gave us plenty iof grass. As an instanlce of the vagaries of our climate, we will take 1870, when rain set in on the 15th of April and kept on pretty well tup to the end of December,: if I mistake niot. For six weeks at one. solid stretch Jackson's Creek was not fordable on horseback, and the D)iugors' Rest station being the one we patronised,: we ihad to build a boat. If it did-not rain during the day it w.,s hound to :do so at night. Again, we had a heavy fall of snow down here at a time of the, year when such a visitation is quite a surprise to us. By the courtesy of Mrs. John Carlson, of the Emu Creek, I ant enabled to give the exact date of this occurrence. It happened on Thurs. tindy, Septemboe 4th, 1878, as my, in formant had giaud cause to remember, for on that day, as Miss O'Donnell, she went in a buggy to Keilor with Mr. Carlson, to be married, (T'o be contiued.)