MAGISTRATE'S COURT, PERTH. Before W. H. Mackie, Esq, and the Rev. J. B. Wittenoom. William Ellis v. George Williams.—Complaint for wages. William Ellis stated—About two years ago I was engaged by Mr. George Williams, of Red Cliff, to thatch his dwelling-house and shed. I have been settled with for the thatching of the dwelling house. I thatched one end and one side of the shed, and then left the work, because I had to cut some wheat on my grant, opposite Perth. I told him I should be back in a week. But during that week I received information that Mr. Williams' premises had been burned down, and that the thatching which was lying ready for finishing the shed was also burned. One of my own ladders was burned, and my second ladder much injured, On applying to Mr. Williams for payment of the work I had done in partly thatching the shed, he at first promised to pay me in produce, but he was not able to give me the stock I wanted, and I suf- fered the claim to lie over. But of late he has refused to pay me at all. I do not know how long it was before Christmas that I left off thatching. Mr. George Williams—I refuse to pay the claimant, because it was through his neglect my premises were burned down. A small bush-fire caught the rushes, which were lying under the shed which he had partly thatched. If he had completed his work as he ought to have done, that fire would not have taken place. He left the work against my consent, and in breach of his contract. All the rushes necessary to finish the shed were lying there when he left. I am positive the bush-fire could not have burnt the house if such a mass of rushes had not been lying there. I never intended to pay the complainant ; I told him he ought to pay me. James Lawrence, servant to defendant, stated— I was employed by the defendant to cut rushes for thatching his house and stock-shed. Ellis used part of them in thatching the shed ; the remainder lay in the yard, in bundles, close to the shed. Ellis left off work ; I believe he was absent for ten days before the fire. I do not know whether he left with Mr. Williams' consent. I heard Mrs. Williams' complain of Ellis being away, as she was anxious to have the shed finished. The fire happened on the day before Christmas day. I do not know how the fire arose. I was called in to help to put the fire out. We saved the dwelling- house, but the thatching of the shed was destroyed, and a good deal of fencing. Complaint compromised, complainant agreeing to receive, and defendant to pay, half the amount claimed. Harriet Stanton was charged by Mrs. Mason with beating her (Mrs. M.'s) child. Charge dis- missed. Harriet Stanton was also charged by Mr. Mason with being drunk, and using very abusive language to his wife and himself. The statement of the com- plainant being confirmed by the evidence of Thomas Bailey and Michael O'Brien, the defendant was fined 5s., and 5s. constable's expenses. Joseph Vickery was brought before the sitting Magistrate by Constable Oxley, who stated that he was called upon by Mr. James Dobbins to take the defendant into custody on a charge of drunken- ness (and also on complaint of his having had re- freshments, and refused to pay for them.) The defendant denied that he was drunk, and would leave it to the Magistrate to decide whether he was drunk or not. Fined 5s., and 2s. 6d. expenses. William Morrison was charged by Mr. H E. Hall with drunkenness, and using abusive language to Mrs. Hall. It appeared that about ten o'clock at night the defendant was taken in charge by Con- stable Oxley, at the reqpest of Mr. Hall. The de- fendant was in the yard at the back of Mr. Hall's house, and refused to leave the premises. In an- swer to the aforesaid charge, the defendant said that Mr. Hall had considerable property of his in his possession. He had at least 4,000 dried speci- mens of plants, and a quantity of seeds. He gave them to him (Mr. Hall) for the purpose of taking them to England. He could not get an account of them, neither could he come to division—that was the reason why he got into an excited state. The constable deposed {hat the defendant was intoxicat- ed. Convicted of drunkenness, and fined 5s., with 10s. expenses. 