LOCAL INTELLIGENCE THE WEATHER.—There appears, at last to be some chance of a change in the weather. There have been several flying showers about this afternoon (Saturday.) The country around Geelong does not appear to have suffered much as yet from the long continued drought. It is still covered with vege- tation which may be looked for in vain in the other parts of New South Wales. On mentioning this circumstance to a settler who had just returned from his station, he replied, "That the interior was like spring, and around the town like midsummer." The crops are still looking well; but should the same weather continue long, they may suffer serious injury. LAND SALE.—A large sale of town allotments was to have been held at South Geelong, by Mr. Forster, on Thursday last. There was a numerous and respectable assembly of intending purchasers, at the proper time and place, but owing to an unfortunate mis- understanding the sale did not come off. When we explain the circum- stances which led to the disappointment we are sure the public will receive it as an ample apology. Mr. Forster forwarded to us by the Dconshire, which arrived on Saturday last, an order to insert an advertisement, and to print and post placards announcing the sale. Had the parcel been deli- vered to us on that day, the advertise- ment would have appeared and due notice of the sale would have been for- warded to every part of the district; it was not delivered to us however un- til the following Tuesday at 12 o'clock when we last no time in fulfilling the order, as far as laid in our power. No doubt Mr. Forster imagined, since the notice did not appear in the Advertiser, that the sale would not be announced at all; while we on the other hand considered that it was our duty to give it publicity by all the means remain- ing in our power. Hence, we are sorry to say, the auctioneer lost the highly respectable audience of Thursday last, and hence the public have been unin- tentionally put to considerable incon- venience. Since writing the above, we are happy to inform the public of Geelong that we have received instructions to announce the sale for Thursday next the 3rd of December, when it will positively take place. BUSH FIRES.—For several nights the bush around Station Peak has been continually on fire in several places. From the distance and distinctness the fires must be very extensive. By day the sides of the mountains are en- veloped in smoke. SUBURBAN ALLOTMENTS.—An excel- lent opportunity at present occurs for parties who wish to secure eligible properties in the suburbs, P. W. Welsh & Co., are disposing of several choice spots, from an acre upwards. The terms we believe are very accommo- dating. HUMAN SKULLS.—A considerable sensation has been caused this week, by the arrival of some men from the interior, who imagine that they have found the remains of the unfortunate Gellibrand and Hesse, who parted from their guide, in the bush three years ago, and have not since been heard of. They bring with them a skull or two in support of their tes- timony. We believe however that there is no reason to suppose that they are white men's skulls, much less those of the unfortunate gentlemen above named. The men are on their way to Hobart Town, and will take the skulls with them. LABOUR.—Two interesting events occurred here this week. Twenty men arrived in an open boat from the Majestic at William's Town; having been hired in Van Diemen's Land. On the same day, several mechanics sailed for Melbourne, in order to bring down their families and make other arrangements for permamently settling here. NEW METAL.—Our readers in the interior may not yet have heard that a new meal was discovered a month or two ago, in a mountain fissure about twenty miles from Melbourne. It is as heavy as lead, its specific gravity being 11; it is found in small grains like gunpowder, and it is said that several ship loads may he gathered on the surface. None of our chemists have yet been able to analyze it. Some conjecture it to be platina, some that it has an entirely new metallic base. The last account published, is that of an operative chemist, who gives it as his opinion, that it is a sulphu- ratted oxide of lead. Now we do not believe that there is such a substance in nature, Sulphuret of lead is the most common ore of that metal, and of specific gravity 75; the new mineral partially melts at a red heat, and white metalic globules exude. Query ? does it not contain mercury, in the form of an amalgam? Perhaps the disco- verer would be so kind as to forward a few grains to us for the inspection of the virtuosi of Geelong. CRICKET. - We have heard that two clubs for the practice of this noble game are in course of formation in this town. CURIOSITY. - At the office of this Paper, may be seen a terrier bitch suckling a kitten. The wonder is in- creased by the fact that the terrier has not had pups for the last eight months. 