THE CROPS AND THE SEASON. Harvest is now nearly finished throughout the Island, and the crops are found to be much better than was expected, excepting the potatoes, which have in most places totally failed. The wheat is of very fine quality, and although below an average in quantity, there is no cause to apprehend a scarcity as the alarmists anticipated. The present crop will be more than sufficient for the supply of the Colony, and besides the foreign grain and flour in the Colony, there is still a considerably quantity of the produce of the former crop in the hands of the grower. The crop at Sydney is considerable above an average, and with the stock of foreign grain and flour in the hands of the Sydney merchants, in place of requiring supplies from this Colony, will be enabled to export a large quantity to the new Colo- nies. Notwithstanding the newspaper reports of a bad harvest in Europe, it appears that there is grain to spare from thence, for we find that the Grecian has brought out 4000 bushels of very fine wheat, exported as white Spanish; it is a different variety from the sorts cultivated in this Colony. The sample which we saw at M'Lachlan's store, is very clean; and we would recommend some of our farmers to try a little of it, for change of seed. Hay, and all sorts of horse and cattle forage, will be very dear; and the butcher markets are likely to be very ill supplied, unless we have a large importation; for, besides, the pastures being parched up by the uncommon dry season, a vast extent has been burnt off by bush- fires, and the stock is generally in much worse con- dition, than is usual at this season. From the Cal- endar in our last page, it will appear that an unusual quantity of rain has fallen in the first week of this month; this has had a visible effect on the English grapes round Hobart Town, which, assuming a lively green appearance in place of the russet-brown, in which all the grass fields were clothed in the end of January. From the effects of the rain, in the garden which we occupy; we presume that there has been sufficient to allow the ploughs to work on most old arable soils. Persons who took advantage of the rain to sow turnips, have got them already in the seed leaf, and looking well : the weather during the week has been rather hot with parching winds. Sculpture. — On Tuesday evening we had the pleasure of seeing a very beautiful stone Font, which Mr. Chisholme Anstey has presented to the new Catholic chapel in Macquarie-street, where it will be placed as soon as the chapel is roofed in. The font is after the model of a font of the early Norman period, which now stands in Radley church, Berks. It has eight beautiful pillars surrounding it, each different from the other, with different capi- tals, forming a succession of elegant arches; the pillars are about two feet high. The font is to stand on an octagonal pedistal of cut stone, one of the pillars to rest on each angle of the octagon. The workmanship reflects great credit on the artist, a stone-cutter in Liverpool-street, opposite the watch-house, The font from which the model is taken had been probably for centuries sunk in the ground in a farm-yard, and used as a pig-trough, its sculptural beauties being all concealed. A gentle- man, who had heard some tradition concerning it, had it dug up and cleaned, and then perceiving its elegant workmanship, he presented it to Radley church. 