WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY, 10,1841. We are much surprised that the Perth Gazette should have treated so lightly the serious charges preferred against it by us. That journal may be on excellent good terms with itself, and well pleased with the very comfortable arrangements that have been made respecting it, but we think it would have displayed better taste if it had re- strained its joy, and eaten its 'solid pudding' in silence. This edible, if we are rightly informed as to its nature, is one of no light digestion, and requires exceeding caution in the consumption ; we advise our contemporary, therefore, not to talk too much during his tneals, for if a piece solid, huge, and angular, should happen to stick by the way, the consequences might be awful ! It is recorded that various aliments are in use among authors to cause the ideas to flow : thus Johnson is reported to have written under the influence of port wine ; Byron, at least at one season of his life, delighted in a compound known to the elect under the name of 'gin and water ;' Wordsworth was accustomed to pen verses while cramming his mouth with bread and butter, and wicked wits have averred that the style of each is more or less tainted with the consequences. The editor of the Perth Gazette, in his turn, seeks inspiration from lumps of ' solid pudding !' Can we wonder, then, at the 'thoughts obfuscate' that result from such gross feeding ? Our con- temporary wishes to make it appear that we have an affection for the same diet, but we assure him that we know not the monster — we reject the whole pudding race, with or without plums, stoned or unstoned ; we view the Egyptian flesh- pots also with considerable suspicion ; so that we beg he will no longer consider us an authority for his evil doings in either of these participations. But to drop all this metaphor : We lately made a certain specific eharge against the Perth Ga~ zette, which that journal has met with a disserta- tion upon plum-puddings and flesh-pots ; we stated at the same time that we did not know the precise consideration that had been given and received, but judging from the style of argument, and from the peculiar description of articles which the Perth Gazette dwells on with such exceeding unction, we venture now to suggest that it may have been the run of the kitchen ! and that last week's article was written while the emoluments of the office were fresh in its recollection! we should be sorry to invest the Perth Gazette with dignities that it does not possess, but really this is the only way in which we can account for the culinary ideas that have taken such strong hold of the editor's imagination. It will be seen that the Perth Gazette does not deny the charge of being under secret influence ; on the contrary, it argues that this is nothing more than right, and quotes latin to prove it ; we have nothing to say to all this extraordinary shew of learning, for the admission has saved us the trouble of collecting further evidence; our labours in this respect will be confined henceforth to seeing that the Perth Gazette does its duty— that it earns its pay— that it does not, in fact, be come a useless burthen on the public ; should we succeedin forcing these results, we shall deserve the praises of bur fellow-townsmen, and the best thanks of the Gazette itself. In the meantime, we advise our contemporary that the situation he at present holds is precarious, and only to be re- tained by entire submission, and an absolute in- difference to the public interests ; he must forget all he has ever said in detraction of his Excellen- cy, and attune his speech to gentle praises ; he must henceforth have no opinion of his own, but be guided in all respects by the will of his em- ployers. All these matters can very easily be settled — no long letters of instruction are required ; all that our contemporary will have to do is, to put at stated intervals the Scotchman's interrogatory 'Wot's your wull?' the reply will most likely be in the same language, and if our contemporary can happily reduce it into English, he will have the pleasing reflection that his part of the bargain has been fulfilled. We fully expected that poor 'letter A.' would have been utterly annihilated — driven from the face of the entire alphabet ; it seems, however, that the Perth Gazette does not venture to attack that renowned capital, but, complaining that 'B.' has got before him, gives authority to the plaint by taking refuge behind it ! We are by no means sure that the Perth Gazette is safe even there, for we learn that B.'s neighbour, Letter C, is about to turn round upon him, and give him a prog in the rear, and unless the unfortunate editor take some order with his unruly ' letters,' he will be driven into the open plain at last, where we shall pounce upon him, and run him down with all ease. We shall probably next week have something to say to 'Letter B.' (who can B. be ?) and should we find the Perth Gazette dodg- ing round it, we shall assist 'A.' to cut him off. There is no doubt that the letter 'B.' is to be considered as official, for he comes into the field armed with all the secrets of government ; how ever, official authorities, at least in Swan River, are not always correct, and we do not despair of the cause because government officers have enter- ed the lists against us. By the way, we recommend to the local go- vernment, now that the Perth Gazettehm become the official organ, and been placed under the thumb of the Colonial Secretary, that the so called 'Government Gaxette' be discontinued, and that the expense be saved to the public ; the government has no right to monopolize two papers to itself, both paid for out of the public funds ! We are sorry to learn, that the bush-fires have been more than usually destructive this summer in the districts on the Avon. The actual res-i dences of the settlers have received little or no damage, but much loss has been sustained by those who have been compelled to put up build- ings and stock-yards in remote localities, in order to comply with the demands of the Governor for ' permanent improvements.' If anything can shew more strongly than another the absurdity of making this demand, and the injury inflicted by it on the settler, it will be the fact, that the great- er part of the buildings erected as permanent im- provements have been altogether destroyed by fire, and for this reason, that although the settlers are compelled to erect these buildings, or lose their land, they do not reside there; having homesteads elsewhere, these new buildings are deserted as soon as finished, and they are conse- quently left to all the fury of the first native fire that springs up in their vicinity. The results have shewn that buildings and stock-yards put up under such circumstances, are improvements of any thing but a permanent nature, for the fire destroys four out of five the very first summer ; so that, in point of fact, the single object aimed at by the local government with regard to them is lost ; and the sole argument adduced in support of them, viz., that these improvements will per- manenly remain, while those effected by means of stock are evanescent, has turned out to be completely fallacious. The buildings and stock-yards lately erected on Mr. Leake's grant at Northam), those on Mr. Purkis', and one of the out- stations of the Messrs. Habgood, in the same locality, have all lately been burnt to the ground ; — the whole of the time, capital, and labour, employed in their erec- tion, have been expended uselessly, for the lands remain at this moment as unimproved (so far as 'substantial buildings' are concerned) as at the firsttlime they were visited by a white man. It is in vain for his Excellency to hope for any good result from his permanent-improvement practice, unless he shall take a further stretch of power and compel settlers to live in the build- ings after they are put up ; true he might, with just as much justice, send them to Rottnest for a month or six weeks, but when once an extraordi- nary power has been assumed, no matter in what instance, it is impossible to say where it will stop ; indeed it may, with just as much reason, go the full length as stop half-way — for there are no de- grees of injustice . The cases we have cited, and many more that we could cite, are all instances where buildings have been put up, without any intention of occu- pying them, merely for the purpose of complying with the demands of the government. Had the several settlers who have been thus driven to waste their means, been left to themselves, they would have employed the same capital in under- takings advantageous to all parties ; as it is, the money has been expended without the smallest possible good to any one, and without the least hope of any return at a future day. One would have thought that the ill effects of this would have been at least apparent to those who are domiciled amongst us. Had the scheme origi- nated in the authorities at home, it might have been set down to their ignorance of the practical workings of the system ; but one of the greatest advocates of the so called permanent-improve- ment system is the present Governor of this colo- ny, who must have been aware that, from the very first, it has only tended to injure and dis- tress the settlers — to say nothing of its having been introduced in direct violation of the agree- ment with the home government. The injustice of the measure has been repeatedly complained of, and nothing would give us greater pleasure than to see a successful stand made against it. It is not reasonable that settlers should be required to sacrifice their property for the purpose of exem- plifying the favourite theory of any individual ; nor is it just that an express agreement should be set aside merely because of the weakness of the suffering party. We are quite aware that it is hopeless to look for any change in the opinions of his Excellency in this matter ; our object is to shew the good people at home, that, in spite of the singular apa- thy evinced by our brother settlers on this and other subjects connected with land, they have in truth good cause for complaint, and if their voice is not heard so loudly as it is from other colo- nies, it is because they reckou on receiving ultimate though tardy justice. It has been suggested to us lately that matters are now ripe for the appointment of an Agent in England to watch over the interests of this colony ; and reference being had to our rapidly improving condition, and to the many important points in agitation respecting us, the suggestion is well worthy of consideration. Supposing the first point — the actual necessity for an Agent — to be admitted, the question then comes as to who this agent should be, and this can only be decided with the concurrence of the general body of the settlers. Some time ago a meeting was held in Perth for some such object as is here alluded to, but if we remember rightly it passed off' without any more definite decision being come to than, that as certain gentlemen in England were already in- teresting themselves in behalf of the colony, it would be unwise to interfere with them — in vain it was urged by some few that these gentlemen had on the occasions alluded to acted only as a deputation for a special purpose, and however well disposed towards the colony, were not and ought not to be considered as in any way agents authorised by the colonists ; the sense of the meeting was against the appointment of any others, and after the passing of a resolution com- plimentary to these gentlemen, and to the Wes- tern Australian Committee in London, it was dissolved, and the matter has never since been publicly mooted. We now again draw attention to it, and invite our brother settlers to re- consider the matter. There can be no doubt that an active agent in England could very materially advance the in- terests of this colony, indeed in our opinion very little good will be done, especially by the claim- ants for land, until there is one. The selection of a properly qualified person will be the chief point — it will be absurd to appoint any one who has not influence with the powers that be : the colony's agent should not only be a man of ac- tive, business-like habits, and of high character, but one who from his station will have ready ac- cess to every department of the government ; a member of the House of Commons is to be pre- ferred, for in case, as is very likely, the home go- vernment should refuse to acknowledge the offi- cial character of the agent, he will there have the best possible opportunity of making his voice heard. We are enabled to state that there is a gentle- man, duly qualified in ail these matters who has expressed himself willing and anxious to serve the colonists in any way ; in this early stage of the proceedings we do not feel authorised to men- tion his name, but we allude to the fact in order that our brother colonists may see that the case is not so hopeless as they may suppose. As we have before observed the object is only to be ob- tained by the general concurrence of the settlers, and we shall be glad to see a public meeting con- vened for the purpose. These remarks are only preliminary — straws thrown up into the air, to see which way the wind blows — should the matter be taken up we are prepared to discuss it at greater length. Kojonup. — It will be gratifying to the holders of land in this district to learn that their pros- pects are not so gloomy as was pretty generally relieved a short time back. Mr. Sutherland, who has lately returned from this place, gives a very favourable report of it, and particularly with regard to water, which may be freely obtained by digging. There is no doubt that the plant that has been stated to be poisonous grows pretty abundantly in several parts of the district, but the last report of the Agricultural Society has removed some of the alarm consequent upon it, the report stating that the " evil may in a great degree, if not altogether, be avoided" Should this turn out to be the fact, we apprehend there is nothing to prevent the settlement of this fine district. We may observe that the grant belonging to Messrs. Samson, con- cerning which such unfavourable accounts were lately received, is now stated to be one of the very best in the district. Leschenault.— -The Vixen arrived here from this port on Saturday last. There had been no new arrivals from England at Australind, and we regret to hear that matters do not progress so satisfactorily as could be wished. Some differ- ences had arisen between Mr. Austin, the chief surveyor, and one of his assistants, that can hardly fail of being injurious to the young settle- ment. As many as thirteen American whalers were in the neighbourhood of the Vasse, Les chenault, and Geographe Bay. ROBBERY AT THE COMMISSARIAT.—On Sa- turday morning last, the Commissariat Office, containing the military and colonial treasure, was broken into, and a small iron chest, in daily use, containing about £100, was carried away. The entry was effected through the door in a lobby lately built, and appropriated jointly to the Commissariat and the Post-office. The alarm was given by the corporal of the guard about 6 o'clock in the morning, who found the sentry drunk and asleep on his post, having lost his musket, pouch, &c.; Lieut. Corbet, of the 51st at the request of the Commissariat officer, turned out the military for the purpose of searching the broken ground near the office ; Mr. Armstrong (the interpreter), and several natives, also came to aid in the search. We are informed that "Garbal," one of the natives, on examining the door of the room in which the chest had been deposited, instantly declared that three white men had been there, and, proceeding immediately, tracked the footsteps of the depredators to a spot near the Court-house, and close to the water-side, where the missing chest was found, — the padlock forced, but the principal lock uninjured, and the contents safe. The chest, which bore the marks of having been battered with some heavy instru- ment, was carried back to the office by four soldiers. A large sledge hammer, which has since been claimed by Mr. Nairn, was found near the spot, and no doubt was used in trying to force the chest, but the material being of wrought iron, little impression was made upon it. A very long inquiry into the circumstances has taken place before W. H. Mackie, and Geo. Leake, Esquires, and D.A.C.G. Drake, and the whole of the soldiers on guard, together with three or four civilians, have been strictly examin- ed, but we regret to say that, while enough has been elucidated to cause considerable suspicion to attach to certain parties, no positive discovery of the depredators has as yet been made, neither has anything transpired to fix the guilt on any parti- cular party. There is not much fear, however, that the offenders will eventually escape from the hands of justice, as several persons must have been concerned in the robbery. It came out during the examination before the magistrate that as George Rewell, the fisherman, together with his son, were pulling up the river between the hours of 2 and 3 in the morning in question, their attention was drawn to a loud noise in the neighbourhood of the Court-house, appa- rently of the clang of some iron substance violent- ly struck against another. Rewell consequently pulled in near the jetty, but seeing no one, and hearing nothing more, he proceeded away to his fishing ground. The approach of Rewell no doubt disturbed the villains, who must have de- camped rather hastily, as the hammer before alluded to was found close to the chest. The whole affair is involved in great mystery, and the evidence taken is of a very contradictory nature. The first thing, as it appears to us, is to ascertain the party or parties who supplied the sentry with liquor. We should be sorry to cause any persons to be unjustly suspected, but, to say the least of it, it is very strange that the soldiers in the guard-house, stationed there in fact for the very purpose of watching the Commissariat office, should not have been aroused by the noise made in battering the chest with the hammer, especially as it was heard by Rewell at a distance of more than a quarter of a mile, while they were within 100 yards of the spot ! it is really scarcely credi- ble that the noise could have escaped their ears. We hope that this circumstance will point out to the authorities the necessity of some additional security for the Commissariat. The money is perfectly safe so long as the sentry is on the alert, but if, as in the present case, he is seduced from his duty, there is no longer any protection, for the veriest lad could force the doors or windows in a few minutes. Since writing the above, some additional light has been thrown on the subject, and yesterday William Longworth, a private in the 51st, was committed to take his trial at the ensuing Quar- ter Sessions. SALE OF STOCK. — The whole of the heifers lately imported by Mr. Dutton in the Coroman- del, are now sold ; the last lot fetched £20 per head, and taking the previous sales into account, the whole importation has realised an average price of £25 per head. We understand that Mr. Dutton has made ar- rangements for importing 150 more heifers of the same description, and from fifteen to twenty mares, and that they may be expected in about four months from this time. There is no doubt that if the stock are of a good description, and the importer satisfied with reasonable prices, the speculation will be as profitable to him, as it will be advantageous to the colony. The attention of our agriculturists seems just at present to be drawn more to the breeding of horses, and of horned stock, than to sheep, and there is no doubt that cattle and horses, carefully selected, would meet with a ready sale. We have authority for saying that the heifers about to be imported will be sold by Mr. Dutton at £22 10s. per head, and delivered in any part of the colony, provided the intended purchaser declares his intention of tak- ing a certain number beforehand. MUSK MELONS. — Some very fine melons have been grown this year on the Swan by W. Tan- ner, Esq., many of them weighing from 10 to 16 lbs. each. The following are the measurements and weights of two of the largest : — 1\. — 1 ft. 6 inches long, 2 ft. in circumference, weight 19½ lbs. 2\. — 1 ft. 6 inches long, 2 ft. in circumference, weight 19¼ lbs. In the Civil Court— Before W. H. Mac- kie, Esq. Commissioner, in Chambers. — Lobban v. Dutton and another. An application was made on 2nd, February instant, by the Defend- ant in this cause for a commission to examine witnesses in Port Phillip, and that in the mean- time proceedings should be stayed. The appli- cation was opposed by R. W. Nash Esq. Counsel for the Plaintiff, on the ground that it was not shewn that the evidence to be sought was mate- rial ; and the learned gentleman insisted that be- fore the commission could issue the defendants should he required to shew at least one fact that would be admitted as evidence in the cause ; he had reason to believe that the evidence sought to be obtained had no real bearing on the points of dispute, and if so the commission would only en- tail unnecessary delay. Mr. Graham who appeared for the defendants stated, that his clients were prepared to lodge the whole of the money in dispute in court. His Honour thought this would be sufficient ; the court had to be careful on the one hand that the commission was not applied for with a view of causing vexatious delay, and on the other of au- thorising any disclosure of the defendants case; both these difficulties were met by the payment of the money into court. Order for the Com- mission granted — On the following day the evidence of certain witnesses for the plamtiff was taken in court, they being about to leave the colony. Amongst the rest the evidence of the Plaintiff himself was admitted, after a long argument it not appearing that he had any direct interest in the cause. Mr. Nash moved that the Defendants should immediately pay into Court the sum in dispute, according to the terms on which the commission had been granted the previous day. After some delay, this was done, and the trial of the cause stands over until the return of the commission from Port Philip. The action has been brought to recover the amount due for freight and hire of the Coroman- del from Sydney to Swan River ; also a claim for demarrage for the detention of the ship in Gage's Roads, and for the amount of the passage money due in respect of one of the defendant's servants. 