Port Phillip. The latest intelligence received, clearly intimates that the Port Phillipians are by no means pleased at having supple Roger thrust upon them for a Judge, in the manner that they report he has been. It appears from the statements made by the Port Phillip journals, that his Excellency was determined that there should he no misapprehension about Mr. Justice Jeffcott's resignation, in his appointment of Mr. Therry. The despatch received in answer to the Judge's explanation of the circumstances which induced him to tender his resignation — the apparent slight to himself in the precedency, given to Mr. Justice Dickenson) is reported to have greatly resembled the speech of his Grace of Wellington, on a similar misunderstanding occurring with Mr. Huskisson? "It is no mistake — It must be no mistake— it shall be no mistake. It had however been resolved that the Judge should not depart from among them without honour, and a deputation comprising the whole of the most influential persons in that portion of the territory waited upon his Honor, requesting that in consequence of the high esteem and veneration he had been held by all classes, he would, prior to his departure partake of a public dinner. Mr. Jeffcott received the deputation with his proverbial urbanity and replied, evidently labouring under deep emotion— that until he, saw his Successor Gazetted, and himself descended to the rank of a private individual amongst them, he must decline their kind invitation — but which he would with feelings of considerable pride avail himself of before he left them. Mr. Therry proceeds forthwith to Melbourne. Mr. Jeffcott sails early in the ensuing month for England. Bush Fires. — Within the last few days the weather has become exceedingly sultry, the ground parched, and the grass dried up in every direction ; and as the vegetation in the earlier part of the year was exceedingly luxuriant, the quantity of dry combustible material is perhaps greater than in any yeear since the province was colonized. The consequence is, that where bush fires have commenced they have been more than usually destructive. Amongst other casualties, we have heard that at Mr. Austin's station at the Leigh, one of the shepherds was so severely scorched that he is not expected to recover, although he has been brought to Geelong for medical aid. At the same time forty sheep were killep by the flames. It. is reported that Mr. Carfrae of Lake Colac has lost no less than a thousand sheep from the same cause. The agriculturalist ought to guard against these fires with the greatest care, for he is still more liable to loss than the sheep farmer. His property lies within narrower bounds, and he can therefore the more easily provide for its safety ; but it would be vain for the squatters in many localities te attempt to arrest the course of the conflaguation, from the great extent of the boundary of their runs, and the luxuriance of the grass which during a hot wind will ignite with the slightest spark. 