SIXTH ANNUAL REPORT OF THE YORK AGRI CULTURAL SOCIETY. To His Excellency Govrrnor Clarke, Patron of the York Branch of tlte Western Australian Agricultural Society. Sir, — As the Committee of the above Society, we have the honour to lay before your Excellency this our sixth Annual Report, up to the 1st Junnary lust, on the general state of agriculture in this part of the colony ; earnestly hoping that it will, on the whole, be as pleasing and grati fying to your Excellency as it is to us. It gives us much pleasure to report most favourably of the last harvest, which, under the merciful dispensation of Divine Providence, bus been the most productive we have hud since the occupation of this district, and the sample of excellent quality; the rains having been both abundant and seasonable. The early sown crops proved in the most satisfactory manner the very ^reat advantage of early sowing, and we would strongly reeommend, where it is possible, to commence seed-sowing in this district in April, and have it over by the 1st of June. Barley and hay should be sown first, by which means they will be harvested before the wheat crop comes in, which will be found a de cided advantage where we are so short of hands. We would also strongly recommend both wheat and barley for erop to be steeped for 12 hours in a solution of bluestone, of a strength of one 1b. to ten gallons of water ; then dried in lime, and sown as soon after as possible ; otherwise it is apt to spoil. This will effectually prevent 6tnut. Sheep, the main stay of the farmer, and the great source from which the future greatness of the colony muBt spring, we are happy to say, are fast increasing, although the increase on the census of last year may not appear large; but this arises from the groat numbers sold to the butcher, exported, and killed for the supply of the farm establishments, mutton being found our cheapest meat. Iu consequence of the increased demand for fat sheep, boiling down has altogether ceased. The condition of our flocks previous to the burning of the country was very superior, but as nearly all the feed has been burned off, very great apprehensions are entertained not only for the condition of the flocks, but for their actual preservation. If we are not favoured with early rains, there is every probability of a very bad lambing season. The scab, the scourge of the flock-owner, we are happy to say, is very little known. The last clip has been generally heavy, and we feel much Fatittfaction iu being able to say much improved in its get ting-up over former years. This we attribute to the great emulation which has arisen amongst the wool-growers in consequence of the prizes offered by this society, which, through want of funds, we regret to say, are very small, but we are confident, were we enabled to increase them by even a slight assistance from the Government, the advan tage to the colony in general would be \ery great, as 6ince the adoption of this system our wool has risen in the esti mation of the English buyers; and we feel gratified in being able to state that some of our wool seut home by the Houghton-le-Skerne sold considerably higher than any other colonial wool s'Jd at the same sale. At our last wool-show, the judges expreesed their satisfaction at the improvement which had takcB place in the getting-up of our wools. Scoured wool has not yet been sufficiently tested to enable us to pass an opiuionon its merits. Much attention has been paid to the crossing of the Merino with loug-woolled breeds. The cross with the Romney Marsh 6heep, which is celebrated for the softness and elasticity of of its wool, iu some instances seems to have succeeded. In consequence of this crossing, the pure Merino is getting rather scarce, and we would strongly recommend some of the breed to be kept pure for the breeding of rams, as they will be required for the crossed flocks. Horned Cattle.— This valuable portion of farm stock is also improving, the owner finding that any ex penses incurred in improving his breed of stock is well re paid. The immense demand for good stock by breeders proves its rising estimation, and that the profits of the dairy ^re becoming better known. A fresh imported cross is much required, in the absence of which we would re commend the attention of our breeders to the herds of ? Messrs. Burges and Mr. Drummond, os bring the best in | the colony. The bulls should be kept from the herds br tween December and August. Our greatest impediment to this system is the want of paddocks, which we cannot enclose until we get a better supply of labour. The exor bitant charges demanded by shipments for the freight of bullocks to the Mauritius, is a perfect bar to our taking ad vantage of that now favourable market ; the freight and expenses would come to about £15 per head. We consi der the breed of cattle here would be very much iiunnmd If the Government would, for a few years, give a small bonus for the best imported bull. Horses. — This most useful animal Iibp, in consequence of the remunerating prices obtained lately at the Isle of France, risen much in value, and horses suitable for ex portation are much sought after; much more attention i* therefore now paid to their breeding than heretofore. An nual races, which have been established at York, not for the purpose of gambling, but for encouragiug the breeding of good cattle, and causing an emulation amongst the breeders, and also giving our horses a character in the foreign markets, will, if properly supported and conducted, tend most materially to improve our breed. Good thorough bred stallions are much required, there being but few in the colony from which a breeder can make a choice. We most respectfully repreent to your Excellency that, in every probability, horse- breeding will be one of our moot profitable pursuits, and such an article of commerce to the colony would be vastly improved if the Government would cive a small annual premium for the bust imported tho rough-bred stallioH. Pigs. — Our breeds are very superior, and the number considerable ; but in couxequeuee of mutton being found a much cheaper food, they are not held in-such estimation us heretofore. When we get a better supply of labour, and can raise corn in greater quantities and at a cheaper rate, pigs will uo doubt resume the high valuation in which they have ever justly stood as a portion of farm stock. Wheat. — A considerable increase i& the cultivation of this valuable article of food has taken place in tlte hist year, and it would have been still much greater, were it not for the great scarcity of labour, and the apprehension of a glut from foreign markets. The crop has been fcood, both in quantity and quality ; but we regret to state that large quantities of corn have been destroyed by bush fires, in volving the sufferer?, who were just emerging, after years of toil, from their embarrassments, in all the difficulties and privations attendant on first settling, or perhaps caus ing their complete ruin; As this destruction of property is likely to occur again, if not prevented by some very stringent legal enactment, we most respectfully entreat your Excellency to cause an Act to be pusscd preventing any per6ou, either European or native, from setting fire to the bush or stubble, except at stated periods, and evtti then under severe restrictions. Bah lev.— This useful and profitable grain has not been cultivated to the extent it would have been, in consequence of the prohibition to distillation, which we trust your Ex cellency will see the wise policy of withd rawing, as our soil and climate are peculiarly ndupted to thispruin ; the crops this last harvest being very productive, aacl the sample of good malting quality. Oa is. — Not much grown, as the soil and climate are boih too warm for them. Potatoes.— This valuable root has been found to an swer much better than was at first supposed it would iu this part of the colony, and therefore its cultivation is be coming more general. Two good crops have been grown this last year. We have found, by experience, the best time for planting h, for the early crop, the last week in February and the fiist week in March ; for the late crop, the month of July. Care should be tuk« n to get good old seed, and not to plant the crowns, as they ureapt to run to stalk, without fruiting at the bottom. Hay.— This valuable stoud-by to the farmer is more appreciated than it used to be, and a large quantity of superior description has been sown this seasou. We would, strongly recommend our brother settlers to plough up their hay-ground immediately after the hay has been carried, as it will then plough easily, and so doing will effectually kilt the roots of wild oats, drake, or any other plants, whicli would otherwise foul the ground for the next crop; It will also be found a great advantage to have so much of the ploughing got over before the hurry of the general plough ing season. We would also strongly recommend the cut ting a belt of hay round the outside edge of the corn-land, and then ploughing up the ground, as a prevention against bush-fires. Gabdbns. — This necessary appendage to a farm esta blishment is now, in general, much attended to. Vegeta bles of every kind grow here most luxuriantly in the winter season. Much attention has also been paid, during the last year, to the planting of fruit-trees. Several gardens can now boast of nearly ell the English varieties, which are doing uncommonly well even in the high grounds, and not suffering from the protracted dry weather. Vineyards. — This beautiful and valuable branch of cultivation, we are much gratified in saying, is rapidly ex tending and flourishing beyond the most sanguine expecta tions of the cultivators. We have every reason to consider our soil and climate peculiarly adapted to the vine, and we have no doubt, if the prohibition to distillation is taken off, that this part of the country will eventually become an extensive wine-country. We beg to lay before your Excellency a statement of the quantity of laud in cultivation, and the census of live stock : — Wheat. Barley. Hay. Miscellaneous Quantity of land ) Acres. Acre6. Acres. Acres. in cultivation ) 1,265 305 359 89 Census of sheep I Steep. Horned Cattle. Horses. Pigs. and stock .. $67,749 2,296 744 1,116 General State of the District.— We feel great pleasure in being able to slate that a visible improvement has taken place in the general condition of this district, and that the prospects of the settlets are daily brightening. We cannot speak too highly of the persevering and industrious energy of our brother settlers in this district, who have had to con tend not only against the numerous difficulties attendant on colonization, but lately against an extraordinary and general depression in every branch of business, which had well nigh swamped even the older and the more favoured colonies, where hundreds of thousands of public money, in the shape of Government expenditure or Government loans, had beeu expended ; while we have been left to fi»ht it out not only unaided and uuaBsisted, but often found our energus cramped and impeded by unforeseen obstacles ; for instance, the Laud Regulations, and the Squatting Act. The former of these has driven capital and population from our shores— perhaps to a country hostile to British inte rests. The latter, through uncertainty of tenure, has pre vented the increasing of our flocks, the extending of our sheep-runs, and the consequent hiring Of Government land, which might have become a considerable item iu the public revenue. We have had to contend against another mighty impediment — scarcity of labour — which renders improve ment on a large scule, even in a civilised country, physical ly impossible. Under such circumstances, we have found the various importations of lads from the Parkhurat nsrt tution of the greatest fcrvicr, and we trust tliey will be. continued. We would at the same time respectfully sug gest to your Excellency the urgent necessity of Imme diately removing the depdt from the neiphbourhood of Perth, as one week in or about Perth is sufficient to ruin any buy for a farm- servant, and it is well known that they have behaved badly, so as to cnuso their being sent back to the depot. We trust your Excellency will see, from these statements, the necessity of obtaining a supply of labour from some source or another. We regret being obliged to inform your Excellency of the low state of our funds ; and as money has been uranted by other Colonial Governments, for instance, the Cape of Good Hope and Ceylon, in aid of agricultural societies, we hope your Excellency will, if possible, give us some slight asoistance. We cannot conclude title, our first report to your Excel lency, in a manner more congenial to our feelings than by congratulating your Excellency on your appointment, and assuring your Excellency that the intelligence of it was hailed amongst us as an omen of brighter days. We offer your Excellency our best thanks for your kindness in be coming our Patron, and we have every reason to hope that, under your wise administration, a new and vast impetus will be given to agriculture, and thut nothing will be left undone on your part to stimulate and assist the energies of the agriculturist*, and to promote the \iews of the Society which you have so kindly tuken under your protection. Signed, by order of the Committee, Wm. BuriGES, Hon. Secretary. York, March 2, 1840. 