LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. On Thursday last, the 5th Jane, the Council assembled at half-past 12 o'clock. W. B. An- drews, Esq., took the oaths and his seat, vice F. C. Singleton, Esq. The commission applying to the succession in case of the Governor's death, was then read: when His Excellency Lieut. Colonel Irwin rose and read part of the follow- ing speech, but was compelled, by a threatened attack of his late indisposition, to order the Clerk of the Council to complete the reading of his address :— Gentlemen of the Legislative Council,—The lamented death of the late Governor has devolved upon me, by the Royal instructions, the charge of administering the govern- ment of this colony. The high character which preceded Colonel Clarke for ability and rectitude, united to his long experience in the public service, had led us to anticipate that important ad- vantages would result from his enlightened government ; and after his arrival amongst us, the anxious desire which he at all times evinced to promote the advancement of the colony, together with the improvements which his short administration permitted him to accomplish, are sufficient evidences that the community has sustained an irreparable loss by his death. It is with much satisfaction that I am enabled to con- gratulate the Council on the marked improvement that has taken place during the past year in the affairs of this colony. The statements which I shall lay before you afford, in my opinion, indubitable proofs that the colony has attained to a more sound and healthful state, and that steady and even rapid progress has been made in the ac- quirement of internal wealth and the development of its resources. The non-arrival of capitalists amongst us has almost wholly deprived the settlers of any home market for the disposal of their increasing stock and produce; but, on the other hand, this disadvantage has been in a very great degree compensated by the enterprising efforts which have sought out new articles of export, and opened up to our trade the islands In the Indian Ocean. I rejoice also to notice that a more friendly feeling has sprung up be- tween this and the neighbouring colony ; It being now ap- parent, from the increased commercial intercourse, that each must be benefitted in proportion to tbe growing pros- perity of the other. The financial statements of the receipts and disburse- ments for the past year ending 31st March, 1847, have been prepared, and I have directed, them, together with the esti- mates of revenue and expenditure for 1847-48, to be laid on the table; and they will afford, I hope, the fullest in- formation on these subjects. The steady improvement during the last two years is most encouraging. The total receipts for the financial year just concluded amount to £8,458 6s 4d, showing an increase over the re- venue of the preceding year of £610 3s 8d. The funds at the disposal of the Local Government during the same period, Including a balance in the chest, amounted to £8,778 3s 3d ; the expenditure has been £7,906 15s 1d ; leaving a balance of £621 8a 3d to be applied to the ser Tlee of the present year. I will not enter more fully into details at present, because an opportunity for doing so will occur when the consideration of the estimates takes place. With Increased resources, I shall be better able to pro vide for the several pressing wants of the public service. One of these, the demand forlabonr, continues to be most seriously felt. The balance of the fund derived from the ?ale of land, which Is applicable to the introduction of labour from the United Kingdom, after deducting the charges for Surrey and management, amounts to a sum totally Inadequate toafford any perceptible relief. This is perhaps, under pressfrt drcnmsUnces, less to be regretted, especially as, independent of other considerations, labour can be had at so much less cost from the neighbouring settlements. With a view to obviate as far as lies in my power this urgeut want, I have directed the colonial schoo- ner, on her return from the duty on which she is at present engaged, to be despatched for Singapore, where, from the Information received, I have every reason to believe that a supply of Chinese may be procured— a very valuable class of labourers, being an athletic race, of sober, indus- trious, and persevering habits, and satisfied with moderate remuneration for their services. It is intended that they ehould be brought here under an engagement to remain 3 years In the colony, 2 of which they are to be with the set tlers who aend for them. The whole expense of conveying them to this country will be defrayed by the Local Govern- ment; but the settlers have been required to advance a small sum for the outfit of the immigrants, wnich will be refunded to then out of the wages of the first year. The colonial schooner can provide accommodation for 40 or upwards of these people; but should this description of labourers answer the expectation formed of them, I have directed aueh arrangements to be made as may enable the colony to obtain further supplies from time to time, by trading vessels coming from that quarter. Information has also lately been received that a supply of labour can be had from Van Diemen's Land, of the kind most required by the farming interest, from a class who originally emigrated as free settlers, but are now un- derstood to be desirous of removing from thence, owing to the very inadequate wages they receive, in consequence of the colony beiug overrun with probationers. It would not be advisable to dispatch the colonial vessel thither at this inclement season ; but it is my intention that she should proceed on a special public service to the Eastern colonies on her return from Singapore, when, should the informa- tion above alluded to prove correct, the commander will be instructed to give a free passage to as many of this class as may be sent for by the settlers, to the extent of the accom- modation the vessel can afford. I regret to aee that the dearth of labonr, or the desire to . accumulate wealth on the part of a por/ion of the commu nity, continues to Induce them to agitate the question for the introduction of convicts into this colony, in opposition to the wish of the majority of the settlers and the strong resolution passed unanimously by thk) Council in 1845. If additional information were required to convince us of the dreadful evils of the system, the Report of the Committee ?f the LeglslativeCouncil of New South Wales of April 30, 1840, upon the Secretary of 8tate's despatch to the Governor of that colony, respecting the renewal of trans portation thither, is sufficient to deter the colonists from Entertaining the subject for an iustant. In this report the Committee state, that M if the proposed renewal of transportation were any longer practically and ?ubstantially an open question ; if it rested with the colo nist* themselves to decide whether the deportation of con victs to this hemisphere should cease or continue ;— if it were thus placed at their option whether they would at once and for ever free themselves and their posterity from the further taint of the convict system, doubtless a large majority, especially of the operative classes, would give the proposal tor renewed transportation an unhesitating veto. Nor do your Committee by any means feel certain that the decision of the majority of the upper and middle classes of eociety would not also be in accordance with the report of the General Grievance Committee of 1844, 'that the moral and social influences of the convict system, the con- tamination and vice, which are inseparable from it, are evils for which no mere pecuniary benefits could serve as a compensation." The Committee then go on to say that if the Right Hon. the Secretary of State be prepared to dis- continue the transportation of the convicts of the British empire to any of the Australian colonies, and thus practi- cally as well as nominally to free this continent from their presence, your Committee beg unequivocally to state, that such a course is that which they conceive would be most generally conducive to the interests, and agreeable to the inclinations, of those whom it will most directly and inti- mately concern." The colony of Western Australia was founded on the ex press condition that it never should be made a penal settlement. On this understanding, many have made this their adopted country; and with the experience of other colonies before us, which we now witness straggling to free themselves from this system as from a pestilence, I would strongly urge all who are favourable to the measure (ex- cept those who are bent on acquiring wealth at any risk) to consider whether the injury likely to be entailed on the community, and particularly on their own families, may not convince them, when too late, that they have attained their object at a dreadful sacrifice. The next subject to which I would advert, is the pro- gress of the surveys. The lands which have been marked out during the past year amount to 86,566 acres, which complete the survey of all the alienated lands in the Swan, Canning, Williams, Kojonup, Lakes, Wellington, Cockburn Sound, and nearly the Murray districts. The portion of the lands which still remain to be surveyed are those situated In the Avon, Plantagenet; Sussex, and Helena districts. The above quantity falls short of the nnmber of acres sur- veyed in former years, which is partly to be attributed to the indisposition of several of the members of our small survey force, and party to the employment of others in explorations, In the survey of the townsite of Guildford, and a new village lor aboriginal natives at Goolelal, but espe- cially in laying out the main roads between Fremantle and Perth, between Perth and Guildford, and between Guild- ford and York. The advanced state of the surveys has enabled the Government to turn its attention during the past year to this latter most important branch of the ser- vice. The lines of road which are now under survey ex- tend from Bunbnry to Busselton, and from Bunbury to Eojonnp. On the completion of these, it Is intended to mark out lines of road extending from Guildford to Nor them, from the Swan to Toodyay, and one to connect the extremities of the Avon and Toodyay districts. These em brace almost every line required at present in tbe located districts, and will constitute a series of good roads perma nently laid out and marked. With the view of rendering available those which have already been surveyed and laid out, particularly tbe road between York and Perth, on which the most traffic is car ried on, as also to finish that between Australinri and Bun bury, and to make certain repairs required on the roads in tbe Plantagenet district, «s large a proportion of our finan ces as could be spared for this bead of the service has been set apart on the estimates. By this outlay additional value will be conferred on the lands throueh which these road* pass — the producer and consumer will be breugbt more readily together — exports facilitated — aud readier access to the Interior afforded to tbe future as well as the resident settler. Connected with this head, I have directed, in compliance with tbe request of the Road Trust, a sum of £300 to be placed on the estimates towards tue erection of a bridge across the Swan near Fremantle, tbe total cost of which, it is supposed, will be £600. I have been induced to propose this heavy item of expenditure to tbe Council from the important benefits with which it will be attended — tbe more close connexion of the seat of Government with tbe port having been a great desideratum from tbe founda tion of the settlement, the present mode of intercourse by means of tbe ferry being long complained of by the public as both expensive and tedious. During the year much nautical information has been added to the charts of tbe coasts and anchorages between Rottnest Isiand and Warnbro' Sound, originating in the investigation which bad been ordered by my late lamented predecessor, in tbe month of July last, of tbe waterfront age of Rockingham, for the purpose of ascertaining what were tbe facilities afforded by it as a shipping port for naval timber. On examination by the Surveyor-General, tbe result proved highly satisfactory : that officer found the depth of water to be 5 to 6 fathoms at 100 yards from the beach, and 10 to 1 1 fathoms at a cable's length fartberout, on a bottom of the best possible holding ground, consisting of clay. This deep-water frontage extends for more than a mile on this valuable anchorage, and is sheltered from every wind. Vessels of the largest burden may discharge their cargoes in safety, aud tbe heaviest naval timber may be ahipped with facility from a short jetty, which it is pro posed to run out into deep water. The entrance from sea ward into this excellent harbour for vessels of large size, will be by tbe passage into Cockburn Sound, between Garden Island and Carnac ; while coasters from the south ward can approach by tbe channel between Garden Island and the main, which has been lately carefully surveyed, and found adapted for vessels drawing not more than 12 feet water. On the shores of this fine bay the townsite of Rocking ham has Ween lately laid out. The advantages of its position are striking— -abundance of excelleut water and building materials, consisting of stone, lime, and timber, are found on the townsite and its vicinity ; whilst the nature of the country is such as to afford an easy access from tbe interior for the conveyance of tbe fine timber growing in that neighbourhood. Being anxious to afford every facility to persons desirous of locating themselves on so favourable a position, I have directed the townsite to be thrown open io the public, and the allotments, for tbe next 12 months at least, to be sold atso low a rate as to be accessible to all. I have also directed tbe half of the proceeds of the allot ments which may be sold, and which is all that can be applied, to be expended in tbe construction of a jetty, aud of a street leading to it from the country. In consequence of the representations made to me of the serious inconvenience and expense to which tbe traders are at present subject in getting their goods from shipboard to Perth, 1 have directed tbe completion of a stone jetty at the extremity of the South Bay, Fremantle, alongside of which large boats will be enabled to discharge their car goes. The work proposed will also embrace a macadamised roaH, connecting this jetty with Cliff-street, which is al ready macadamised, at tbe extremity of which is the jetty in tbe North Bay within the River. These jetties are in tended subsequently to be connected by a tramroad, which may be done at a small expense, and thus tbe grievance complained of removed. It is with much satisfaction that I am enabled, from the favourable state of the revenue, to propose, in compliance with the repeated argent applications of tbe Trustees of Church Property, that certain sums should be appropriated towards the liquidation of the debt contracted by them in the erection of the churches at Perth and Fremantle, and to roof in that at Albany , this last having hitherto received no assistance from Government. In addition to tbe great difficulties under which the Trustees labour iu consequence of their efforts for the public good, the fact of a large majority of the colonists being of the Church of England has weighed with me in recommending that the sum which can be devoted to this item of expenditure should be thus appropriated. After the arrangement of these esti mates in Executive Council, applications for similar aid were received from the body of Weslayan Methodists, but, after due consideration of tbe same, it was decided that the distribution of the funds for the present year should be ad hered to, on the grounds above stated. Under the bead of schools, I have proposed the same amount as on last year's estimate, and that its disposal should be continued as appointed by my predecessor ; but, taking into consideration tbe great importance of h&viug; a school of a superior description at the seatef Government, and with a view of making the situation of Master more attractive to men of suitable qualification*, it appeared to me advisable that a building should be erected to afford comfortable accommodation to a master and mistress, with separate Bchool-roomB,leuviag accommodation for boarders to be added at a future period. Towards the erection of this bnilding, which, without tbe addition adverted to, is estimated to cost about £300, tbe sum of £100 has been placed on the estimates. I have directed a copy of tbe Blue Book for the year ending 31st December, 1846, to be laid upon the table. Tiie improvement in the finances I have already noticed. As tbe increase iu this respect has been gradual, and has arisen from regular sources, and not from casual or uncer tain items, I contemplate that the revenue will be main tained, or even exceeded, daring tbe present year. * There is an increase under tbe heed of population of 182, exclusive of military and their families. Ths exports exceed those of the former year by £6,869 it 4d. This increass brings the exports within 4 or £6,000 of ths Imports. Btristly spusklnr, a larr s shipment -tf naval timber, the first which has been made, for her Majesty's dockyard, should be added to this amount. It had been long prepared, bnt no vessel could be chartered to take it uutil the beginning of the present year. Should this speci men be approved, of which I entertain not the smallest doubt, we may look forward to the realisation of a source of wealth in our splendid and* inexhaustible timber, wnich, being on the surface and readily accessible, will perhaps be found to add more* to the general prosperity than tbe more alluring one of mines. Tne imports will also be found to exceed those of the former year by £5,600 4s 4d. This I regard as an additional proof of the im provement of the colony. Since the reverses of the last few years, the imports have been reduced below what our necessities seemed to require, and this excess, which is more than paid for by the increased amount of exports; may he fairly considered as only equal to ths legitimate wants of the community. A considerable addition appears under tbe head of stock and culti vation. A. reference to the return now laid on the table, which exhibits t- comparison between the state of the colony iu 1680, the year from, which its Improvement may be dated, and that of 1846, will place te. a more striking light the advance which has been made :— Beads. 1830. 1846. Increase. Revenue, exclusive of a*) ?mall sum arising \ £6,61S 15* 7d £6,054 16s 8d £2,438 WiTd from the sale of land ) Population ? No. 2,054 No. 4,200 No. 2,180 Stock of all kinds ? No. 27,718 Ku. 116,570 No. 88,858 Cultivation ? 2,578 acres 6,767 acres 3,180 acres Wool exported ? 90,450 lbs. 201,888 lbs. 854,916 lbs. Total exports ? £5,448 £20,222 £14,774 Thus the growth of this colony during a period of 7 yean may b» favourably contrasted with tbe progress of any of the older settle ments iu this hemisphere or in America. Without the support of lavish Government expenditure, or the extraneous assistance derived from mineral wealth, the position to which we have attained may ba justly attribnted to the determined efforts and perseverance of the settlers uudpr disadvantages which have seldom been exceeded. The colony is certainly in every respect much more fitted at the present moment, than at any former period, for the reception of capitalist* and labourers, owing to the great reduction which has taken place in the price of stock and of all the necessaries of life, as well as from the steady increase of exports. Whilst, therefore, the colonists ar» sileutly preparing for a favourable change, we may with increased confidence hope that when the attention of tbe mother-country is again directed to emigration as an ontlut for her superabundant ca pital and labour, thB inducements this colony can hold out will not be disrrgaided. Nor are these advantages few or contemptible, how ever we may overlook tbvm, from their being so familiar to us. We can ofiV-r to the immigrant a peaceful home in a country exempt from every social disturbance, and free from the Btain and contamination of a convict population — producing an abundance of the necessaries of life — where the vine and olive are fonnd to flourish on tbe very poorest and most despised soil, with a luxuriance, and to come to maturity with a rapidity, exceeding the belief even of the natives of the South of Europe— and where, with a climate unsurpassed, happily as yet neither drought nor famine have beeu known. These, Gentlemen of the Legislative Council, are the blessings w* enjoy, and I trust the time is not far distant when we shall be able to add to them that of being more closely united to the mother-country by regular and rapid communication. The providential discovery which has been made of a considerable bed of coal within the terri tory at this period, when it seems as yet undecided in England whe ther this colony shall be included in the scheme for extending steam communication to Australia, may turn the scale in its favour and procure for it this great boon. With this hope, I have despatched the colonial schooner with a party under the direction of the Surveyor General, and accompanied by Dr Von Sommer, an experienced aud scientific geologist who has lately arrived in this country, with in- structions to proceed again to Champion Bay, in order, if possible, to trace out the continuation of the bed of coal within a more conve- nient distance from the sea-coast. The attention of the Surveyor General has been particularly directed to the inspection of the coun- try lying between Champion Bay and Gantheaume Bay, to the east ward of the Hutt River, where, according to the report of that enterprising officer, Captain Grey, partly confirmed by subsequent explorations, a rich district, well adapted to pastoral and agricultural purposes, is to be found. After this is accomplished, the Surveyor General will return, with a part of the expedition, in the Champion, and Dr Von Sommer will proceed to the completion of the remain- ing objects of the expedition— namely, the inspection of the coal seam on the River Irwin, and the geological features of the interven- ing country between that and the settled districts. It is calcu- lated that the expedition will be occupied about two months in the performance of the work assigned to it, for which period it has been supplied with the requisite stores. I am happy to be able to report to the Council that the previous friendly intercourse existing between the settlers and the aborigines has been maintained during tbe past year. With reference to the penal establishment for the aborigines at Rottnest Island, it has been my earnest desire to promote their moral improvement and religious instruction, in conformity with the views of my lamented friend, the late Governor, as expressed in his address to the Council. I have also had under consideration a change in the system pursued there, in order to the reduction of the expenditure, and increase of the re- venue derived from the produce of the island. With these views, I lately visited Rottnest, where I was highly gratified to observe the admirable system established there by the Superintendent, Mr Vin- cent ; the natives having, under his direction, constructed a variety of commodious and substantial stone buildings, which, together with the gardens and fields under cultivation, reflect the greatest credit on his excellent management and unwearied perseverance. Mr Vincent has the assistance of a soldier as an overseer, but it was evident that he required further aid to relieve him from the duties of storekeeper and accountant, which, together with those of superintendent and bailiff, have hitherto devolved upon him. In order to carry out the foregoing objects, I have appointed Mr F. Armstrong, the Native In- terpreter, to reside at Rottnest. His religious principles, the deep interest with which he has long regarded the natives, and his tho- rough acquaintance with their language and habits, suggested him as the fittest person for the office of Moral Agent, to which I have nomi- nated him ; and from his knowledge of accounts, I have also ap- pointed him storekeeper on the island. The perquisites hitherto received by Mr Vincent, as granted to him by Governor Hutt in addition to his salary of £100 per annum as Superintendent, were two free rations, together with the bran produced on the farm, and permission to depasture stock on the island. In lieu of these privileges and rations, I propose that Mr Vincent should receive, in addition to his salary, £50 a-year, for which sum the valuable services of his wife as matron to the estab- lishment are also to be continued. As Mr Armstrong will still attend the Quarter Sessions as Interpreter he will retain the salary of £60 a year attached to that office, to which I propose to add £40, to make up his salary to £100, and 18l. in lieu of two free rations, for his ad- ditional services on the island. The superintendent and Storekeeper will be permitted to purchase what provisions they require from the store, but it is intended that free rations shall in future only be issued to the natives, and that all the produce of the island shall be carried to the credit of the public. The appointment of Mr Armstrong at Rottnest has involved the necessity of nominating another person to perform the duties of native constable at Perth, and an individual well qualified for the office has accordingly been appointed. With reference to the reduction of the expenditure of the establish- ment, one of the heaviest items is fresh meat, which, with bread and vegetables, the latter of which are produced in abundance and of the finest description, forms the present daily ration of the natives. It is now intended to substitute, instead of meat, which is only to be issued occasionally, salt fish, rice, and sugar, which can be procured at an inconsiderable cost. The increase of the revenue from the produce of the island I look for, first, from the improved market for the salt collected there, of which there is at present in store 150 tons; and, secondly, from the extension of the farm, to which the bailiff can now give his undi- vided attention. Most settlers appear hitherto to have been deterred from supplying themselves with salt from the island from the sup- posed difficulty of procuring it from thence, and have obtained it at a greatly increased price from the storekeeper. With a view, there- fore, to the public benefit, as well as to the increase of the revenue from this Source, I have had a considerable quantity removed by the colonial schooner to the Bonded Store at Fremantle, to be sold there at the rate of 3l. per ton. I have also directed a cargo of this salt to be shipped by the colonial schooner to Singapore, on her proceeding thither, where it is said to bring a high price. Instructions have likewise been conveyed to the Superintendent to ascertain how far the salt may be improved, as an article or export, by boiling or other process. I have directed a despatch from the Secretary of State, No. 18, of 14th March, 1846, to be laid on the table. In conformity with the in structions therein contained, certain reductions have been made in tbe expenditure of the Post- office establishment, with a view of ren dering tha receipts more commensurate with the expenses. Th« total Mviag waieflhat tuus been ttft'eted amount* toifcwii.; aud which I trust, eventually may not be found to be attended with any great. Inconvenience to the public. , In tonclusion, Gentlemen, I would advert to the position I at pre vent occupy at the head of the Government- I am free to confess thatit would not be the object of my choice, but having been called to assume it in obedience to theebmmands of her Majesty our most gracious Sovereign, it will be ray most earnest desire, no less than my duty, to continue, as I have commenced to employ, without dread of responsibility, the means At my disposal to promote the ?welfare of a colony whose progress I have watched from its earliest infancy with the deepest Interest. The Advocate- General moved, and the Colo nial Secretary seconded, the first readings of the following bills, all of which were read a first time, and the second readings fixed for Thurs day, the 8th July. In introducing each bill, the Advocate- General made a few observations, ex plaining its policy and object, which want of space compels to omit :— 1.— A Bill to renew certain acts appointing places for the landing of goods within the limits of towns, not being seaport towns. 2\. — A Bill to continue for a limited period an act entitled ' an act to facilitate actions against persons absent from the colony, and against joint contractors.' 3\. — A Bill to make perpetual an act entitled ' an act to amend and continue for a limited period an act entitled an act to regulate the licensing of auctioneers and the collection of duties on property sold by auction.' 4.— A Bill to provide for the withdrawal of letters from the Post- office in certain cases. 5\. — A Bill to amend the laws relating to pub licans' licenses. 6\. — A Bill to authorise the sale of wines in smaller quantities than those hitherto appointed by laww 7.— A Bill to provide for the establishment of proper places for the burial of the dead. 8\. — A Bill to adopt certain improvements made in the (aw of England respecting libel. 9 — A Bill for the licensing of carts and carriers. 10\. — A Bill to amend an act entitled ' an act to provide for the improvement of towns in the colony of Western Australia/' 11\. — A Bill to diminish the dangers resulting from bush- fires in the dry season. 12.— A Bill for improving the law of evidence. 13\. — A Bill to provide further remedies for the annoyance arising from dogs. 14\. — A Bill to provide further remedies against trespasses by live stock, and to promote the construction of fences. 15\. — A Bill to prevent the sale of tobacco in email quantities without license. 16\. — A Bill to enforce the performance of contracts connected with the fisheries. 17\. — A Bill to amend the law respecting the solemnization of matrimony. 18\. — A BUI to amend an act entitled ' an act to provide for the registration of births, deaths, nnd marriages, in the colony of Western Austra lia.' Mr. Leake presented a memorial from Mr. A. Hillman, First Assistant Surveyor, praying for a restitution of his salary, which had been cur lailed in 1845 from £250 per annum to £200. The hon. member thought the case a peculiarly hard one, as Mr. JBiJlman was in 1830 ap pointed Colonial Draftsman on the Parliamentary fund, and whs promoted by the Secretary of State in 1837 to his present situation; with a salary commencing at £200 per annum, and in creasing £10 per year until it reached a maxi mum of £250, but without any notification in the despatch from what fund the salary was to bo paid. Mr. Hillman was reduced in 1845 by Governor Hutt, on plea of deficiency of revenue. Mr. Leake proposed that the petition be received. The Hon. the Colonial Secretary was not prepared with the particulars of the case, but 1 bought Mr. Leake was one of those who voted for the reduction. Mr. Leake replied that he was, but although at the time he considered the reduction neces sary, he thought circumstances had altered the case. [This we consider one of the strongest argu ments in Mr. Hillman'n favour. When the colony was in an insolvent state, Mr. Leake assented to this reduction, amongst others; but as the (colony is now solvent ; many officers are being restored to their full emoluments, and other offices are being created, Mr. L., as a con scientious roan, wishes that the same justice that caused the reduction (the necessity being removed) should effect the restitution. The remark of the Colonial Secretary was therefore as uncalled for as it was ridiculous. Tiie Colonial Secretary professes much charity and benevolence, but we tear it is the sort ' that begins at home and — — remains there.] Mr. Leake then presented a petition from Mr. Bateman, Postmaster at Fremantle, to the same purport. The Council then, at the suggestion of Mr. Leake, adjourned to that day wepk, to receive petitions and move fur papers, &c.; j hut no vole to take place on aqy subject until the day fixed for the second readings. This was done in pur suance of the plan resolved on for the accom modation of country members and greater regularity of business. The session, therefore, will practically last but a very short time of con tinuous discussion. All who intend to bring any subject before the Council must therefore be in the field by the &th; of July at farthest. 