LOCAL. THE LIEUTENANT-GOVERNOR, - His Excellency Sir WILLIAM DENISON left Launceston on Saturday morning, and proceeded through Longford to Bishopsbourne, and inspected the college. His Excellency seemed most pleased with all he saw there, and won the hearts of the young scholars by his good cricketing - for he did not think it beneath his dignity to try his hand at bowling, after so many years' absence from the Eton cricket- ground. At Launceston, as we gather from the Examiner, His Excellency visited the water-works in progress at the Cataract basin, and inspected the government establishments and public buildings. In reply to a deputation, soliciting that vessels loading exclusively with wheat for England might be exempt from Port Dues, Sir WILLIAM intimated his desire to promote commerce, observing that trade and agriculture were inseparable in their connection, whether in prosperity or adversity. He required to examine the extent of his powers before he could remit the Port Dues; and took occasion to remark, that the local legislation would soon be in the hands of the people themselves-that Earl Grey had instructed him to inform the colonists that the prayer of their petition for an elective legislature would be complied with. It was previously necessary to determine on the arrangements respecting the separation and management of prisoners, and this occasioned a temporary delay. HUTCHINS' SCHOOL,-We have much pleasure in stating, that His Excellency Sir WILLIAM DENISON has expressed his intention of giving the piece of land in Mac- quarie-street, opposite the Scotch Church, to the Hutchins' School. This gift is a truly handsome recognition of the noble efforts which have been made by the friends of the College and Church of England in support of Education, as well as the good folk of Hobart Town in behalf of their children; they will now have one of the best situations in the town to resort to, with room enough for recreation and exercise without making it at a distance, or in the contiguous streets. THE THEATRE.-We seldom notice the performances at the Victoria, but having witnessed, on Monday evening, the representation of the admired play, by Sheridan Knowles, of "The Hunchback," we should do injustice, did we not award the fullest meed of praise to Mrs. Mereton, for her personation of the very difficult and passionate part of Julia, exhibiting all the vicissitudes and cpnges of " Woman's Love ;" in many of the scenes of which she was greeted with well- merited applause. The " Helen" of Mrs. Rogers, and the " Master Walter" of Mr. Rogers, were also worthy of com- mendation. The play throughout went off admirably. It was announced that, from the inclement weather, and other un- favourable circumstances, the benefit of Mrs. Mereton, a short time ago, having proved unprofitable, she will give her friends another opportunity of evincing their regard, by affording their patronage to-morrow evening, when she will take a second benefit. The performances announced are of more than ordi- nary attraction, and we wish this deserving actress the success which she merits. A particular feature in the bill is the representation of the first act of Richard the Third- Richard, by Mrs. Mereton. STOCK SALE AT MALAHIDE BY MESSRS. LOWES AND MACMICHAEL.-Wether lambs 5s 3d to 5s 6d, lambs in their wool 5s 6d, wethers 8s 5d to 8s 8d, old ewes 6s ; cattle from 22s to 60s per head; working bullocks £13 to £16 10s per pair. TOLMEY'S ESTATES. -Sold on Monday last, by Messrs. Lowes and Macmichael, Lot 1, 756 acres, to Mr. John Martin, at 25s. per acre-£945. Lot 2, 619 acres, to Mr. J. Chipman, at 40s per acre-£1238. Lot 3, 563 acres, to Mr. Rumney, for £1200. Lot 4, 100 acres, to Mr. John Nuttall, for £370. Lot 5, 103 acres, to Mr. J. Chipman, for £280. Total-£4033. | QUARTER SESSIONS.-These Sessions are adjourned to Wednesday, the 31st March, on Which day the jurors will not be required to attend. ALARMING BUSH FIRES.—On Sunday extensive bush fires were visible on the mountain tops, and other elevated grounds of which the citizens can command a view. These extended along the ridge of hills almost in a line from Mount Wellington to North West Bay. The bush, so far as we can learn, ignited in the direction of Ferguson's, to Black- man's Bay. There was a scorching sun and a hot wind, blowing strongly from the westward. The flames spread towards the settlement at Brown's River with astonishing rapidity. Several persons out in the bush were surrounded, and had to run for their lives. The barn of Mr. Joseph Firth, jun., containing about 400 bushels of wheat and barley, was destroyed. The fire reached as far as Mr. Fisher's, " The Retreat," and it was with difficulty the stacks and out-buildings were saved. The alarm was general and every settler prepared for the worst. The wind still blew strong at sun- down, threatening wide-spread devastation. An express was sent to town, requiring assistance of the authorities, which was promptly afforded. About 100 men of the 96th, and a strong body of police, including every man who could possibly be spared from duty, were despatched to the scene of anticipated calamity with the utmost promptitude. This was at about three o'clock on the morning of Monday, but, happily, on arriving at Brown's River, the wind had lulled ; the devouring element had paused in its career, and the services of the civil and military auxiliaries were not required. Late on the even- ing of Sunday, after the moon went down, the spectacle from the city of bush-fires in every direction, was one of awful grandeur. BURGLARY. - Peter Kenney, charged with having committed the burglary, and attempt at murder, in the residence of Mr. Francis, has been, after two examinations, finally com mited for trial. CAPTURE of the notorious William Frances, alias " Billy the Jew," whose career of rapine has been suddenly stopped by the vigilance of the Brighton police. His first act of crime in the Brighton district commenced by robbing a pedlar, named John Johnson, at the Quoin Tier, near the Old Beach, on the evening of Monday, the 15th instant, about five o'clock, assisted by a companion, both under arms. On the night of the same day, about eight o'clock, he robbed the house of Thomas Bates, an old man residing at the Old Beach; carried away from the hut Bates' gun, some wearing apparel, and twelve shillings and sixpence in money. On the morning of Wednesday, the 17th instant, about ten o'clock, he attempted a robbery at the hut of John Price, about a mile to the rear of Mr. Gamaliel Butler's premises, Bagdad ; he was not then attended by his companion in arms. Price resisted his attack by presenting a loaded pistol at him, which caused him to retreat. He was apprehended on Thursday, the 18th instant, about six o'clock. Early on the following morning, Mr. Thomas Hodgins, District Constable of Brighton, fell in with his booty about a mile from Whittaker's public-house at Bagdad, in the bush, which consisted of several articles of woman's wearing apparel, some bed-clothes, a single-barrelled gun, and pistol. The clothes were about half-a-mile from the arms ; the gun was found lashed to a tree with two straps ; the pistol concealed at the butt of the tree : some of the clothes are marked A. L. Parsons, and some Parsons ; a kangaroo-rug was also found with the clothes. William Frances had powder and ball on his person when apprehended, and made great efforts to escape, even after he was handcuffed. It is reported his companion had been seen on Friday last, within two miles of Richmond, on the road proceeding to the Risdon Ferry.- Communicated. LIQUID GAS.-The distillation from Cape brandy, or spirits of the fluid called liquid gas, bus been fully effected by Mr. Spaarmaan, of Cape Town, at a price which renders this method of lighting a room more economical than by sperm candles or oil. The con- sumption and expense of the same is calculated as set forth in his prospectus :- "A lamp with a 7-light burner will consume about 2 ounces per hour, and cost one penny per hour, giving light equal to five candles." " A lamp with a 5-light burner will consume about 1 ounce per hour, and cost ½d. per hour, with a light equal to three candles." " A lamp with a 4-light burner will consume about ¾ ounce per hour, and cost one farthing and ¼ per hour, equal to two candles.'' 