MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. On Thursday evening Mr. Mlossman deli vered a highly entertaining lecture on music. ,4ihe-hlMI was crowded, and it was necessary for a ipart hf the audience to'sit on the platform. The leciurer commenced by stating that it. was the duty of all to support those institutions which had for their object the enlightenment of the mass of society. He would have preferred lecturing on natural history, but the means and appliances fbr illustrating that sulbject were not available. It was not his intention to dive into the abstruse theory of harmony or thorough bass: these would require a series cf lectures from one better acquainted with the science than himself. He was but an amateur, and he hoped professional gentlemen would not be too severe in their criticisms. Music and speech have both been employed to express the inter nal emotions of the breast; but music has this advantage over speech-its meaning can be understood by all men, it matters not how rude or diverse their languages. Had there been no such thing as speech men would have been able to express their ideas toeach other through the ipedium of music. The shrill voice of the infant would convey an idea of its wants ; the scale of the major key would afford all that could be required by the orator ; the plaintive tones of the minor key would be a touching indication of melancholy ; whilst a crash of discord would be sufficiently emblematic of the passions. There can be but little doubt that man first copied his musical powers from the grove. Any one who has witnessed a corro boree of the natives of New South Wales must at once distinguish in their yells an imitation of the dockatoo and crow; and also in the "cooey" of a bird which makes the same sound. Now, how different would have been the music of these savages had the morning been greeted by the tuneful notes of the ascending lark, instead of the screams of the cockatoo and laughing jackass; or had the stillness of the night been broken by the voice of the nightin gale, instead of the screech of the " nmorepork." The lecturer then proceeded to treat on the origin of wind instruments; the first was made by the Egyptians, and resembled a horn, which perhaps, iu reality, it was. In playing on these instruments the object was to make a great noise, harmony being thent unknown; and an anuecdote is recorded of a youth who had to play a solo ati a public feast, and wishing to astou ish his andliece by a tremendous blist, blew his last breath into the horn, a(nd died on the spot I However, it was no uncommon thing for players to burst bloudvessels in their per fbriances. The systea±m ot notation was dis covered 671 years B.C'. The painter, whilst surveying the works of his great masters, may admire the exquisiteness of colouring, and see . more beauty in the tracing of an outline, than in all the fascinations of harmony. But the I artist is the younger brother;. music was born long before his art saw the day. The. lecturer here introduced some passages from the over ture of Fra Diavolo on the accordian, which instrument he plays with surpassing sweetness. The accordian was invented by a German, in 1830, and was called a -lHarmonia. Since then several improvements have been made on it, the most perfect of which is the concertino. Poetry, although a twin-sister, cannot claim the atten tion which music deserves. The admirer of poetry gratifies his own taste in solitude, and cannot bear interruption ; whilst music is a social recreation, and will please not only the performer, but a whole family circle at the same time. Hiow often has a father listened with pleasure to the notes of a sou, and how has that pleasure been increased when he re flected that the time devoted to practice might otherwise have been spent in acquiring vicious habits. In the present day musical soiries are taking the place of drinking parties ; even the squatter, when he goes to town, calls at the house of a lady to hear a tune and pass the evening, instead of spending his time in street brawls or at the theatre. Music is divided into two parts: harmony and melody: liar mony is the arrangement of notes so that several will chord if sounded together; whilst the melody is only the progression of separate notes. The lecturer then gave a physiological de scription of the musical organs of man, and described the effect prodluced on the larynx and glottis by singing and speaking. Mr.Moss man here illustrated the subject of vocal music by singing, in a clear and powerful voice, the admired song of " Life is not t:ll a.bnrren waste, As those would.have us think." At the close of this song.the lecturer briefly adverted to stringed instruments, and re marked, with regard to the.violin, that no} performners, either before or since; have equalled Paganini. During one season he played in England, lie received no less than £10,000:. so readily did he exchange his musical notes for the current coin of the realm, that lie obtained the soubriquet of Setnior Bag-a-guinea. The greatest bugbear, that music masters have to contend with. is time,, and there are many who, after years of experience,. are but indifferent timeists. The most wonderful band ever formed was. the Russian horn band ; each man was furnished with an instrument capable of making only one tone, so that it was necessary to keep the most accurate time. The men stood in a row, and were named- by.notation.' An. anecdote is related of a member of. this band, who happening to know, more of Englisli.whiskey than the EnglishhAanguage was taken before tie magistrates. It was with the greatest difficulty the bench could: make him understand they wished to know who lie was;. when the Russian remember ing his place in. the band- replied, lie was A ,flat-and this was the extentof his know ledge of' English. An opinion existed with regard to music,. that no modern compositions can equal those of bygone times. This is a vulgar fallacy, and when, in future years the trash of the present day is forgotten, there will be left. many gemns of composition that mightviewith Handel's or Mozart's. The lecturer then re ferred to Scotch music, and remarked that for a comrbination of agreeable sounds it stood unrivalled; but this was owing to the tact that every succeeding note was raised: or droppedan third,, fifth, or eighth, either of which will produce a pleasing harmony. Mr. Mossman now sang- Say, what shall my song be to-night,. And the strain at your bidding shall flow: Shall the measure be sportive and light, Or. its murmurs be plaintive and low ? The lecturer made a. few remarks on. musical instruction,.and. denounced in the strongest terms the folly of forcing girls to the study of music, if they have a dislike to it: tlhey might be more profitably employed. The lecturer gave a specimen of lhis own composition, both of words and music, which was loudly applauded. The song. comnmenced: " Come let us round the bushfire form." After a few more observationss Mr. Moss manai again delighted the audience by singing " There was a brave old mariner Kept watch upon the deck." The lecturer stated that all mien were nmore or less fotid of music: friequently the a borigines of Port Phillip, though they could not be prevailed upon to work for monoey, would chop wood for half an hoar if hlie (the lec t turer) would play a tune. The lecturer con Seluded by advising all young ladies to study y music, and not to give it up when they were \- mnarried, because they had gained their v Ioint: for what can be sweeter, towards tihe e clo.e of life, than to hear the loved ditty of Sft'ormr years? S Mr. Mossmian was colmpelled, to reataini :- silent on one or two occasions, from tihe It deaftenuing applause of thIe assemblange, wliclh y could not have consisted of less thani five SIlundred. The hall was literally cratunned n -people were wedged together, and doubt e less the stamping would have been much I louder. but.for. thle cramped state of legs andtit lr fet. 