LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. The Governor. — His Lxcellpnev returned to town yesterday after his trip to the Southward in the Yuia'a', Government schooner This was the vessel signalised at sun-down on Tuesday night. The Park Lands. — The grass on the park lands, between the city and the Torrens. at the rear of the Government House and the Police Barracks, caught fire on Tuesday, and raged with some violence, during the greater part of the day and night. Several attempts were made to extinguish the dames, but they "were rill ineffectual until they reached the path when they gradually eeased from the want of fur her combustibles to seize upon. No damage was sustained beyond the destruction of the gra-s. Gjenei.g—A meeting was held at the " rit. Leonaru's Inn." Glenelg, « n Tuesday las', to take into consideration and adopt measures for the erection of a pier. Upwards <d iky highly rest'e^table) colouists were present, Mr John Hector iu the chair. The proceediuss resulted in the formation of a committee to take the matter in hand. About £15, was subscribed by those present, to defray preliminary expenses, including the immediate engagement of an engineer to take a survey of the locality, and calculate the probable estiina'es of the tuods necessary to complete an »ftt,-ii-nt pier some where near the month of the Creek. Tnose present seemtd very anxious for the fuocvss of the underrrtiing. and, judging from the zeal then displayed, "tie would suppo»etiat not much time will be lost before a commencement is made. Bush-Fires.—A large portion at the Tiers* has been in a blaze for the last three or four days, and during the nights has exhibited a magnificent spectacle extending over hill and dale in one con tinuous sheet of flame. It is reported in town, however that very little destruction to property lias occurred, with the exception of small quan titles of split stuff. Some farmers in the Mount Barker district are said to have sustained con siderable losses from similar causes, but wo have not been able to obtain particulars. The " Tiers."—This mountainous locality has seemingly become the theatre of operations for the scattered remains of the dispersed gangs of thieves that for the last eighteen months infested ! Adelaide and its neighbourhood. Several reports have arrived in towu of various robberies, mostly of a petty nature, perpetrated there during the last fortnight. The most extensive wo have heard of was the robbery of groceries and other goods to the value of £14 from a dray at " Cra ters " a few nights ago ; but another robbery of stores was effected at Cox's Creek a short time , previously ; and judging from attendant circum stances, probably by the same parties. The police were promptly on the •'trail," but from the facilities of escape aflorded by these moun tain fastnesses they have hitherto" been unable to trace the depredators. Monster Tumour—A little boy, aged five years, son of Mr Monck. sexton, died during the week from a large tumour attached to the inside of the back, opposite to the stomach. Indica tions in the shape of an enlargement of the sto mach were apparent some ten months before, and continued to increase up to the period of the child's death, completely baffling the skill of the talented gentlemen, Drs. Kent and Mayo, who attended liim. The cause was only dhcovered on a post-mortem examination by Dr Mayo. The tumour was nearly the size of a man's head, and weighed eight pounds. Labour.—It was stated oi Saturday last that labourers are greatly in demand in certain parts of the country, and the crops are likely to remain partly on the fields from want of hands, yet the wages offered are 10s per week and rations. This statement we are assured is as erroneous as it is inconsistent. If labour were as scarce in those places, double tlio above wages would be unhesitatingly tendered, as was the case last year. Labour, on the con'rary, is abundant, even throughout the most distant districts of the colony, and visitants from all quarters verify the same without a disseritiont voice. . Currie-steket—The inhabitants of this street, especially at its junction with llosina-street, complain bitterly of the impassable state of "the public thoroughfare, from the dilatory improve incnts (?) ot the Commissioners, and the con" sequent stagnation of business in that part of the city. A kind of monster grave or trench, was dug at the principal entrance to the *• Golden Fleece" some months ago, and left in statu quo with heaps of clay and stone on each side, so as to render the passage of anything short of a grey hound impossible. The landlord of that respect able Inn, thinks seriously of shutting up the house, having not been ab!« to meet current expenses from his usual customers, sinoo the for mation of this nuisance, and having applied re peatedly in vain to the Commissioners for its removal Supposing such a barrier to be placed at the entrance of any of our public Banks or Offices, the nuisance would be quickly abated by pressure from without, but, because, an isolated individual has not the power to apply that pressure, the Commissioners ruin hira in his business, and deny him redress, without thereby benefitting the public, which certainly does not sound muoh to their credit for manliness. If the Commissioners do not quickly remove the nuisance we would; recommend Mr Bunn to fill up the trench ^vith the heaps of rubbish around it, and if theyj in such a case, brought an action against him, we opine they would meet with vei-y little public symqathy. Fry Tnn Maniac Murderer—The police who were out in pursuit of this miserable man, have returned without being able to discover any clue to his route or place of retreat. and the general belief is that, after the murder of his wife, on the Wakefield, he fled into the neighbouring scrub, and either perished there from thirst, or, what is more probable, put an end to his own lite. A fresh party of police are still in search of him, but after such a lo.-.g absence without any tiaoe of him, which could not be tho case if he had visited any of the surrounding stations, there are but little hopes entertained of a successful issue. Accident.— Mr Isaac Solomon, of the Temple Tavern, was severely bruised in the left knee by a kick from a horse, at Brighton, on Sunday last. The leg was seriously inflamed, and the bone near the joint slightly injured. Dr Mayo attended him, and quickly reduced tho inflima tion by the application of about forty leeches. Mr Solomon is now doing well, and the improv. ing appearance of the injured part promises a speedy recovery, Nuisances —Mr Fisher's triumphant d°* structi on of tho City Commissioners' Bye-Laws in reference to pigs last week, and Mr Tolmer's implied censure upon the Commissioners them selves for having commenced their "wholesale informations" against the pumping out of cellars, before they had fulfilled their own part of the same laws by making sewers and drains through out the city, seem to have perfectly paralized their proceedings. The inspector of nuisances has not shown his face in court since, and the ancient puddles of stagnant, putrid water, and heaps of manure are fast acquiring their original dominion, without any interference on the part of tho city purifiers. Probably the Commissioners are engaged in private conclave, concocting a re vised code of laws through which Mr Fisher will not be able " to drive so easily with his coach and four." By the time these are prepared, however the preseut accumulations of filth, will furnish the inspectoiMvitn abundant subjects for further in formations. Singular Case op the Advantage op Lips Assurance.—A working man was admitted as a member of the Plymouth biancli of the Western Provident Association, on the third ot August last, for a small life assurance. A day or two previous he had met with a slight scratch in his arm so trifling that no notice was taken of it by himself, or by the medical gentleman who ex amined him to test his fitness tor cutering the so ciety. Seme few days afterward inflammation arose, and from this insignificant cause, within a woek this man, before strong and healthy, died. He had made but one mouth's payment, a mere trifle, to the association, and in return his widow and family have received by means of the as surance a most timdy and impor'aut aid.-— Watern Times. 