INTERIOR. GOULBURN. HAIL STORM.-Shortly before sun-down on Monday evening a fierce hail storm broke over Bungonia. The destruction of properly was, we understand, very great. The windows of Mr. Styles' house were smashed and much damage done to the garden. The creek rose six foot in the course of an hour. About half an hour later the storm threatened to visit Goulburn but veered off to the eastward.-Goulburn Herald, April 19. CATARRH.-The very reprehensible practice of driving sheep infected with catarrh through the country, has recently been revived by some up- country settlers. A short time since a flock belonging to Mr. Fitzpatrick, of Murrumbidgee, which were labouring under this fearful malady, were driven through Wollogorang ; several of the animals dropped dead on the run and others lin- gered about it for several days. As soon as Capt. Ellenborough heard of the circumstance he sent a messenger into town to the Chief Constable, in order that the diseased flock might be detained here until disposed of " according to law. " Un- fortunately the information arrived too late, and the flock was not overtaken until it had made the Cross Roads, where its further progress was stayed. The sheep are now being slaughtered and burnt. One day last week Captain Edenborough was again visited by a flock similarly diseased. They belonged to Mr. Sinclair. About thirty of the worst were detained in a stockyard and dis- posed of in the usual way. We understand that proceedings are about to be commenced for the purpose of putting a stop to this disgraceful prac- tice of driving infected sheep through strange runs.-Ibid. THE BUSHRANGER GILLIGAN.-This notorious character, who was committed some years ago for robbing the drays of Mr. Farmer, of Braidwood, and who subsequently broke out of the watch- house in that town, was received this week into Goulburn gaol, to await his trial at the next Cir- cuit Court.-Ibid. ALARMING NEWS.-A-gentleman lately arrived from Maneroo informs us that a fierce bush-fire is raging on the Gipps Land side of the Snowy River, evidently making its way towards the pas- tures of the Maneroo country. Burnt leaves and pieces of bark have been picked up at a distance of thirty miles from the front line of the con- flagration. The grass in this part of the country is very long, and should the fire once take hold of it the most disastrous consequences must follow. -Ibid. MINERAL RESOURCES.-Captain McCallum, of Good Hope, Yass, lately purchased a tract of land in that neighbourhood, represented to be very rich in copper ore. Mr. Dibdin, chemist, of Sloan-street, has tested two specimens, one con- tained 42 per cent, of metal, the other 51 per cent.-Ibid. 