The 'Unknown,' from Adelaide. By ihe Unknown we have received intelligence from the neighbouring colonies up to a late date. Our news from South Australia is to the 3rd April. The elections occupy considerable atten tion, and the columns of the newspapers are filled with reports of meetings, and addresses of candidates, &c.; The South Australian Mining Gazette estimates the wheat produce of the past season at 756,000 bushels, and the probable consumption at 699,000 bis., leaving a surplus of 57,000 bushels for exportation, or rather more than 1,400 tons flour. About 900 of this 1,400 tons had been already exported ? Two fresh newspapers have been started in South Australia -—the Adelaider Deutsche Zeitung, and the Austral Examiner, We observe that a number of old colonists had held a festival on the 14th anniversary of the settlement. About 700 sat down to dinner ; the dinner was succeeded by a ball ? The car penters and joiners of Adelaide had combined against the introduction of morticing machines in the colony. The press is unanimous in con* demning their conduct, and it was supposed that, like all similar opposition to machinery, the combination would fail. . . .Berry James Lipson, charged with embezzling public money, had been tried and found guilty, with a strong recommend* ation to mercy, on account of previous good conduct; sentence, six months' imprioonment with hard labour, the last fortnight to be passed in solitary confinement ? An attempt of the Adelaide butchers to raise the price of meat had been met by the formation of a society to pur* chase stock and provide butchers to sell at old prices. Victoria. — The Anti- Transportation League had advertised for a delegate to proceed to Eng land to represent the wishes of the colonists with regard to transportation. The amount subscribed for the purposes of the league was £5,000. The GippB* Land correspondent of the Melbourne Daily News reports the discovery of a harbour in that district, which will obviate the necessity for the settlers sending their wool to Sydney, Hobart Town, or Melbourne, as ships of the largest tonnage can enter the haven discovered, and anchor with safety within 200 yards of the cVinro Tho lnnnliltr ia nnllpd T.eroic's P.hnnnpl. and has just become accessible by mean6 of a road opened through a country hitherto reported impassable. New South Wale?. — Prosecutions for libel are fashionable in Sydney. Dr. Lanp, of the Press, Messrs. Kemp and Fairfax, of the Morn ing Herald, Mr. Parks, of the Empire, and Mr. somebody else of the People's Advocate, are all defendants in actions for libel. At Victoria the country has been ravaged by bush-fires. At Western Port, many houses and property to a great extent have been destroyed. Much of the timber and all the grass in the neighbourhood of Western Port was burnt ; several valuable horses have been killed. On the Plenty more than 100 families have been rendered houseless. Independent of other property, 20,000 bushels of wheat was consumed in (his district. On t'ie Moonee Ponds and at Deep Creek much mischief had been done ; one settler at the former place lost £1,100 worth of hay and other crops. Portland Hills was similarly ravaged ; houses, crops, fences, nearly all were consumed, as well as two flocks of 6heep. At Portland two flocks of sheep have been destroyed, besides a largo quantity of grain, several houses, fencing, &c.; In the neighbourhood of Geelong much damage had been done. Nine individuals ere missing. A bullock driver was burnt to death in the Iron Bark Forest. Property to a fearful amount was destroyed at Kilmore. The loss sustained in wheat only is estimated from 8 to 10,000 bushels, independent of other grain, hay, agricultural implements, &c.; At Anderson's station a woman, the wife of a shepherd, with her five children, Mas suffocated by the smoke of the fire raging around the hut. This appalling conflagration took place on Wednesday and Thursday, 5th and 6th of February ? The Ami transportation Association have issued an address to the Aus tralian colonists. We extract from the Sydney Morning Herald, February 21st, some remarks upon that portion of the address which refers to Western Australia : — Justly doei the address deplore the infatuation of West ern Australia, in having, of her own free will, iutoked tbe Home Government to degrade her from a frse to a penal colony ; and charitably does it assume that, previously un tainted with the presence of British felons, she surmised sot her awful calamity, as regards either tbe present lime or the long vista of the future, when she committed that rash and desperate act. *' Bui her day of retribution is at band. Her future historians may dilate upon her roads, bridges, and public edifices, and her flocks and herdo roaming upon a thousand hill* ; but he may also mourn the moral bankruptcy of her society, the daily recurring i tragedies upon these roads and among these pasture*— robbery, violence, and murder, and every abomioation that disgraces human nature.' If, however, Western Australia had to bear her own burden — If the penalty of her folly were to fall exrl isively upon herself — the neighbouring colonies would perhaps have no rl;ht to ioterferc, further than discarding her 8B a dishonoured sister. But such is not the case — far o her »i»e. The whole Anstralaaian family is deeply concerned ; for in the eyes of the world the disgrace of one of its men.bers is tbe disgrace of all. ' But still more immediately does it concern us,' it is remarked in the Address, ' when we reflect Ibat tbe rapid progrCli of inland lUllement throughout this vast territory, and above all the anticipated early introduction of steam navigation along its shores, will shortly unite us in much more immediate association with our presently remote and isolated neighbour, and thus interpose a new and 'powerful hindrance to the earnest efforts we are now making for the welfare of oor country.' These remarks, of course, apply as forcibly to Moreton Bay as to Western Australia : with reference to our own colony, they apply with much greater force. Thirty individuals or firms at Melbourne subscribed three thousand guineas in aid of the Association. The fire at Victoria broke outat Barrabool hills, but the cause remains a mystery. In conse quence of the fire, flour had risen to £17 per ton. A meeting had been held at Geelong, when sub scriptions in aid of the sufferers to the amount of 1,123/. were collected in a few hours. It is stated that a sum of £2,000 has been subsbribed for the purpose of introducing the Alpaca into New South Wales, a most desirable and important object. The Julia left Sydney on the 4th January for[Arica, on the western coast of South America, to procure a cargo of the animals. As the South Americans are adverse to any exportation of the Alpaca, it is somewhat doubtful whether the master of the Julia will be able to accomplish his errand. Van Diemen's Land.— Mr. McManus, an Irish exile, had made his escape, and a reward of £50 was offered for his apprehension. His health had suffered greatly by the harsh treat ment to which he was subjected, and his case was much commiserated. It is supposed that he has gone to California. The proposal of His Excellency Sir W. Denni son for very important works connected with the extension of the wharf at Hobart Town, to be performed by convict labour, without cost to the parties concerned, has been rejected. These works are to be done by contract, and the con* tractors bound not to employ convicts. A regatta had been proposed, at which a prize from two to three hundred pounds was to be con tended for by whale-boats — open to all the world. California. — By the Almeda we are placed in possession of San Francisco papers to the 11th January. The general state of the markets is characterised as extremely dull. The American spirit of commerce was contemplating a direct traffic with Japan. New and rich ' diggings' were said to have been discovered on the Feather River and in other places. Murders and robberies still occupied a prominent place in the daily records. The winter had been very severe ; the Public Balance of December 23rd, reports : — ' Eighteen miners are said to have perished in the snow on the head waters of the Feather River, and fears are entertained for the safety of about two hundred men who had determined to winter upon the North Fork. The Custom House at Monterey had been robbed to the extent of J27,OOO dollars; and a 'number of Sydney chaps,' as they are described, had been apprehended on suspicion of the robbery. 25,000 dollars was found in their possession, together with a complete set of burglars' professional implements. The new Senate assembled in San Francisco on January 6 — Sydney Morning Hvrald. New Zealand — The following letter has been addressed to Her Majesty by a New Zealand chief : — To the Queen Victoria, England.— To ihe Queen. — Salutation to you. Here are we Hone Papua Kahawai, and myself feeling affection for you. Through Governor Grey we received jour letter, and also the like neeo of yourself, Prince Albert, and your family, aa a token of your love to up. O Queen ! we give our thanks on account of your remembrance of us. The kindness and love of Governor Grey to us natives O Queen ! is very great. He is quite a parent to us, lie protects uh, and gives us Wise regulations ; he is wishful that we should become as the Europeans (in our habits). The Governor has authorised Mr. Morgan to instruct us in ihe art of ploughing ; this is the second year of this European's 6tay amongst us, and no iv some of us have learned to plough. Governor Grey ga7e us two horses, a plough, and a cart. After the European came to teach us ploughing, we saw the benefit of ploughs, and carts, and we purchased many for our use with flour ground at our mills. We have many ploughs and carts, and we will purchase many more when onr horses are trained to work. Our wheat fields are very extensive ; we cannot grind all the produce cf our fields at our mill ; we arc therefore about to have a new mill erected for the sum of four hundred pounds. | O Queen ! better still are the schools for our children. Let Governor Grey continue to be urgent in having schools established for our , children, in order that they may, O Quern ! grow up, well disposed, and liveatnongsi the Europeans. I These thingp, with the preaching of the Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Chrfet, are lh-« means of our salvation in this world and in that which is to come. , A unilorm two penny postage rate was to come into operation in New Zealand on the 1st April. At Nelson a Constitutional Association has been formed to watch over the public interests of tbat edtlement, 