To the Editor» ofthe Sydney Morning Herald. GENTLEMrx,- Enclosed I beg to hand you, although late in the day, a diary of tho wea- ther for the month of January last. This evening will complete my present month, which I shall haï e the pleasure of handing you soon." If you should publish these diaries, they may assist science, although I have not made use of scientific expreesions, ' much for the same reason as the Highlander did not wear the indescribables. The weather this year is as different from last as can possibly tie imagined, although hot we have had many refreshing'breezes. Last year it was much warmer and no wind, except in thunder squalls, which were almost of daily occurrence. This year we have hardly had* any thunder, consequently little or no rain. Last year we had the plague of flies ; this year there have been cornparotively few. Last year, blight, dysentery, and other ail- ments were very prevalent ¡ this year you hardly hear any one complain. About the time the influenza was raging in Sydney many here also had it, but I think in a mitigated form. Drunkards suffered most, as is generally the case. I observed, I think, in the Herald, that on the 42th January they had severe frost at the Fish River, upwards of 100 miles frcm this. Here, roy thermometer, at 6 A'.JJ. stood at 46' and on the 10th of this month, at the same hour it stood at 41% ' .*** - '" 1, **"If there""actually were frdS ti ori" these two moi nings they could do no hann, as there has been no cultivation at any of the sheep stations in this neighbourhood, where last season they had beautiful cropB of wheat and hay. This is one of the results of gold digging. ? Not long since I saw a young womsn with a baby in her arms, herding a flock of sheep, two miles away from the station, her husband being absent on duty elsewhere. I am told that the diggers at the Devil's Hole, Richardson's Point, Maitland Bar, and the World's End, have held meetings in their respective localities, relative to the payment of licenses, and have been very ferocious in lan- guage; but everything is so exaggerated that you cannot believe a tenth part of what you hear. What with bush-fires, set going by the shepherds, and the dry weather, there is not a blade of grass to be seen, and the creeks are all dry, except a hole here and there, and the sheep.are beginning to look thin. A great many horses have left this neighburhood for tho Ovens ¡ none have as yet returned. Flour at the stores is selling at 35s. to 40s, per 100 lbs. ; beef and mutton at 2d. per lb, retail, BUgar 5d" and tea 2s. per lb. ; potatoes from Maitland, 3|dv onions,. 7d" per lb. ¡ cheese, ham, and bacon, are retailed at Is, per ib. Wages, to diggers who understand their work, are 40». ?er week, with their food, and licence paid; which, from .the great quantity of the ¿necessary articles used and wasted may. be computei! At,'with! the licenses, from 18s. to 20s. per week more. Some parties are giving their men 50s. per week and paying the license : the tren finding themselves. But if the dry weather continues, there will be very little digging ere long. We have had heavy winds and threatening weather for the last two days, and yesterday morning we had fine refreshing showers from the eastward, I remain, Gentlemen, Your most obedient servant, MADA. Meroo Creek, February 28. 1S53 Jan. 1 W W WsW SW SW E \V B W SW S\V r lim I I. .if Gnlui Palin W W Wb)S \V SW tv v w w 1W w ISK Fsr si: w fniiii \v |( alni r»iin WbjN W W1)} s w w WSW w SW Calm Cn lui W SW 3W vw E n NW Calm \\\ li} S VW W W bff W MV Calm faim ^>E SW SW" filin B B R .îb W Calm SE i Guim sn fiilm OVVFRVt, ItrMVRKS. Tnnunn 1st Strong s [nails throughout tho day, nichts ullin-2nd and Jrd Jlus'i (Iris raging imong the mountiiins for many miks to the «ostward-Uli Dull, heavj weather -otli At 8 l ii a bright meteor di (.otu ling from south to north -Oth I Ino wuathcr, gentle breeze» mid < ilin -"111 Dull weather, light wind anl cairns-Sth Iii ivj fqualls after noon to 6unset then line with win I from south cist-Oth Cloud}, and showers from 10 A li to PUIISI t, he ivy pale» and squills from west to south-wist - 10th Oloir, blowing hurd In squalls from7 AM. to midnight 11th Gale continued till 7 p M , when the weather buoame calm and fine -12th Cold froslj feeling air At dajli^ht at 7 AM wini tom monced from thecostwarl und blew sliongallday and night-13th Ilcavj casteily gale with showers, and thit<h»7y weather-14th fequ illy, with fliowcrs from da} lieht till noon hoar) dull weather-lilh The weather continu d the same with shower*, till 2 i M galo continued till S FU when it ruodintid and be caine line-Light clouds driwng 1 rom the eastward till 9 \ M beautiful weather all day, and fine calm night - 17th Ile ivi dew, first turn for six weeks light westerl) current, beautiful weither-ISth It lutiful weather throughout, night,calm and bright -lfllh I rom 'J 4 M light airs andoiorcast till midnight-20th Cool wis terly breezes all day, and Uno eli ir night-21st De llghtful weather, strong ora 70 and fine , atO PM our cist-22nd lleautifnl weather all day and dilldoll« breeze, fine moonlight ni"lit - 23rd A continu mee of the Mino wi ithor light westerl) air* and calm-24th Morning close wann weather afternoon, refreshing westerl) ¡brien--dib Harsh cut wind, butfincwoa ther noon ll¿ht westerly airs, 11ml refreshing airs from the eastward at ti pv-2(1111 ïsoon light westerly breoro at sunset, at 81 M. lightning to cast,oven ¡i«t 27th li^ht westeurrent nunnet and slight show ra withcury appoirance of repetition of tho Hood which commenced la«t) ear on 2flth finuary taming heavy lightning from south to south uust squally, bright our heil-2Slh iteautifiil morning at 10 1 M strong north wind, noon, light air from north west, blowing heavily from 1 1 M till sunset, lint cUni night-2!lth lliautiful d»y anl bright moonlight ni"ht-30th bino wcatlier, eltar sk> and gentle breezes-31st Liejit winds, ury sultry and bury, fine blight night ¿c ftoTi -Tliorinonicb r 111 shade, oxposuro due north Situation, on thi Meroo, about ten miles bird s (light (south east) from Mudgee Estimated height above the lovel of tho sea, 1000 to 1O00 feet 