DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. WOODEN PAPER.—A gentlem[a]n forwards us samples received from England by the Madras of paper made from wood. One sample contains fifty per cent., and one eighty per cent of this material ; and the third is composed of it altogether. The papers are all of a very sound and good quality. This is good news for our propoied pater mai.nf n t toi y piol-aît», wood la .» 11 likely to te finid lo lUlUtaat quttt tlet ti lupply any roataaaWl wini! BUSH FIRES —A great deal of mischief has been done to this district within the [p]ast few days by bush-fires Messrs. Y[o]ung and Turnbull's run has been burnt and ?ere-at tteip deitroyed by the "dtvoarlag cement" Mr Tu lonh'i . n the War non hu alto b en twrpt by Ore Had the wind tot foi tun Uly ihlftedat (ho mo. met t It did, the »b ,1» of t"» nnmeiteai w o'd Ineri a. b y hiTeheintettrojeL Mr. Or.ty, MoatLN.pir hu lean o.tlroly ba ni cut, I ho fl a hating mit« a olean eweo.i if d re'llng bonn, and a 1 bu icing! at tue hrmiitttlon. Oni of the Meu-i Coldhimhea «Ho b«ei a tiffirar from the lime oatie -Port and ffuoritan THE CATHOLIC ASSOCIATION — The usual monthly metung of the Cub 1 o Ali oliUo. w . be d la St F.aneeHill lut Buidey enaltg. The blthop pre. tided Avar« Urge i um^e-of terian wire preieol The amount eolleolad wu £84 101 The b'lhop at d Mr Wird addreiied the mutiog, whleh wu enlim id eid barmo.liel by tbe muda i f a German bend, t e ooio of tbe tate tug "St P.trlek'e D y,"aid "Oolam the Quia.»" were buullfally pla; el by the band A WHOLESALE CATTLE STEALING — At the City Po[l]ice Court yesterday, Samuel He[a]thwood, a drover, was ehargalwllh "«aal g away wlt'i five hundred bead tf cattle," Tbil ewe pruea'ed the faltawiog fu tn eit-M-. Mort, the i aolloieir et Byiney, m It It laid, o ttnited (on teli'f. f Clin Campten, cf Mut. tonBiy, «ho li iloie dead) tie prisioner wita ti« huadred be d if «title, and eU nora t, to bring ti Mil bourne Ou the road th« prliooir acid hilf tf thom, a.d on tht an ral o! tie remaining half ben ha at- tempted to raiie money on them, aid ia oeeded la get tlog from three to four hundred [ ounce on llehorlU from Mr Bow. Thiele! io to» irltoner-i arreit The pilioior wai lemiodel u.til Thai eley, but wat a lowed to «Ireh. II, Monett la £300 e.d t»o larattu in £3C0 a«ah DISTURBING THE PEACE.—Eliza Sudgen, Willi[a]m Ka mt, eqdOreorge Langdon, won ueh ohtrged «I the C.ty Ccart yuttrday with dlttarbirag the petoe, aid K «ghat wu alio aber el »ith dm kioro'« lud.-in wu ocneicted and fl.ei ICI. K Ujh«t wai fined 30'. L i.don w«a dieoharged. DISTRICT COURT — Before N. A Fenwick, Esq., Po[l]ice Maaietr.tr, W. Taomat Eiq, J P., aad 0. V«a Eq,JP. Yeeterdey, J ha 8,kel wuabargid with It« Hog b gallo a and a hilf of um The protuator did cot « p;«*r, atd the «o attb'e who epprehandel »hi priioctr »teîei thit It wu tit pren-oat ita belief tblt it wu only tikia la a draabat f olia. Mr. Atkla oa, oa behalf ot* te print«.-, roaaplalaad cr the birdtblp of Ila nae,and the Leith dlimhiii toe eoa-ge - 0 ay, a at nkeeper, wu th rged by Int.eator Tldd with hitlag In hil poatuiloa nie» loam, defie'eattwev» cunootU «ewtght Thedefe.dtnt idm't'el toe tra h of the ItipútoPs sllrgalloo, but at tht tarni lime etttel that the bread had tnalahlipoiien'on,twenty. four boan Moi eater, he Hld th.t te wu not a baker but a ttorikioper, end It would ba ve y hard that he elouldbe pu iltted for thedlihoneitycf aro'hir. The Benth, «nder ibe elrcumitencei, dltmliitd the ohm o There w e anethtr ehugetfailm'srn.tu a, Ueblai thi defeadant did n t appear. t Birra INO Alligku Tnrrrs -At t e City C nri onbo diy thi falioeltg tenon wee surged w th Titloui thit I' - R bet Robetti «u chirge« «lth .toiling aback,Hu urenth relume of the Entyil r*o Ila ct E igllih L te.tlnr», from a lent telongtng to Al'xindar Wilton a*. Bicdrldge. Ii Septimsir tut i the [rUoser itked Wilton ti letd bim toe book. WlUm refund. Afar thtttbi book wu mined, tnd Wilton tot»rortiui;nt»l tut Sote-ta hld ttolealt Roberto tia rirai'-ded Bitll ynterdiy for farther ivldenn - JMltb Prill «it attrgid »lib ile.llcg crockery f omthiyudcf Mean. Sayw andCh.ethem ia El r. beth-itrut. Polia ccnita le 31 B proved the rr'nnir'a galil, and fcuad cn Jn,t on hli pinoo Dpvirdi if ISO «s th of aroakiry bli bun itolw from thti yird ilooe the lett fire. The pilton«!'! only nine «ii drnckenniu. Tb« Miyor dnmtti thit Inufile'M«, «nd íestenced h'm lo oie month's Im p I» nmeat a dbard labor-Seary BobirUwii eon vlitod of an attempt (t ma Boa y Billi it Little Bosrke-iireet on Siturdiy right, The Miyor len. teaced h m ti twelve monthr ImprUonnent and bud labor - Yu'e'diy Jahn Ctile wu ebtrgei «lth (tul- la}, two plitl a. Tot p'lioaer li t itnii', oalond boy, an orphan, tgel on'y twilte j ein. Te* robbery, it ap- wired, «u oomm'ttod by tbe printer and moth« by nimel M'Dota'd, «olcg toaihio Is Bmciwlek. ?bett, aad abtle M-Dcnild aogigtl tout »all in of to* ? opkeeper, toe ptliexe , al hi Mid, at M Dioil.'i req-iat, ito'e the plat U ixl giro the oil or toy ote The employer of Ihe prUotir ittted, tbtt bt hid teao la h'l »copley far roar yam, and ha niter k ewklm to pllfir te'ora. Mr. Blurt admonltbtd ti» b-y m to tht Improprlity or bli eotduit, ind dUeh-rgod bim -R but Robert!, «hole eue . mialla ed above, «at agala obtrjel «lib ittaliag the bo'k ibova roiinel (o. M ?- Sturt tontlderad to» ev denn In offle'eat, and dlro'argid Iba prlioBtr-Jobs Bunnin vat ahtrged os lulptitoa of itoillog tarni iheet load, «elghlag aaouta ,«'., tin p orirty cf Ciptiln O-le « bleb «n lioltn from bli «birt, A boy prcrad tbtt th* prlionir tai another man brou-ht thi italaa lud ti bli muter'i pnmliu lo HIL Thi primer w.i re mandad unitl thli day (or t e attenduuecf Captain Col», or bli m anging mia -Joba J 'Ml w u lb irgel by Iiiiih F.oyd «lth iteillng tlmbir. He «u eon vioUl tnd leateaeed to two mooth»' IxoprUot mut tad I hard libor. GaiiRtiL Assriicr, «hawing thi arirag* amount of thi HiMiltue nd aaete ot toa B.sk of Auitrilula, within toa Coloay of VUt rla,tak«n from tve iircral weakly ililemeoU during tbi qoirte.', from the lit Ootoïor t) ttt*8litD«*.m er, 1863 - Nota Ia tinulitloB, not beering lnterut 878.384 IS s Do., tearing lnterat - - Billi In elrealtllw, ootbMilaglatorat 48 433 l8 10 Da, tearing tottrat - - 48,411 l8 10 B ilatMl da« to othir birki . - - D*pMtti Bot burlag tatara«! ... ... 1,388,593 ti 10 Do,, betrlag lateral - - \- ?- 1,888,110 li II Total trac »at c( llabir.tia.£3,188,111 e l| Arnon al of Ca-ritil Stoik paid op it thit date . 8:8,000 0 0 | Bite cf Ihe lut Dividend dioleied to Bhaieholden, eqml to .Fir can per wot.' Arno ox tor the lut dirldird dwlued 11,000 0 0| Amoatt Of tbt Rue nd ProBU liter dutering gaih Dlvtdisd . 167.10» IB AI8IT8. Colatl gold aad tlivir aad cthtr eolnelmit.lt.1118,141 1 Oald and illTtr b» hallion or ran ... «st 030 6 Lande Iprope-ty. 33 341 0 Notet and billi of other Banka ... IIB 010 8 10 Balueu due Lorn other Bukt ... - Amou t of all debt! due It t<* Biak, Inolod'ng notu, billi of oiohtng«, ' aad all «t-ek and lutded d»ht» of «tory daentptioo, «xtept'ng notu, billi, and balance«, ¿ui to the uli Bank from other Bent» .1,010,310 3 Oorirtmut lecu lilli. BO.coo 0 Titel «meant of umm.£3,368.151 oil D. O, M'ARTBUl, Manan-. GBO. O HARPER, AwoaMaat. I, DiTld Chirtiri M Aithor, miki'oitb, Ihtt to the bt.t of my ktoBltlgt ead belief, the foragolrg ibetrict lia trotted faithful leexnitof t attingiamcait tf atieU aad lUbllltiii cf th« above Buk, wilbla the .oloay of VUtoil*, dtiltg the period «p*ol8«4 ; «ni thit tb* lime wie mid* up trim thiwtekly »titemirU thtrtof, kipt la panaun of thi prorltlou cf to« Ait of to* O iv*ra«-r and Coaiitl, 4 Vlttv I», Ne. 13. . D. 0. M'ARTHUIl Sworn before dm, al Milbourne, toll fith diy if Jtsatry, IMA JAMBS SMITH, J at Ho» cf tilt Pitee. Fr-a»tto«i ros Ftjiiuo Orrioto--A (Tariff« Bellas dlrute thtt la futur« heida of dapextme.'U ibs'l dlreat their reqelaltlosa for faraltute to Iba Civil CtKoraluay a«n«ral, lattoid of ta the Colextal Arcbttutu hitherto. Disrmci Cocit -Bet ro N. A. Pinv'ik, Km., Polte* Mtstetrateelud Eovafd Bell, Eiq., J.P._0j M aday BotatCiirleVMtaad!C».ror«utUigiirow. Irg Irai -Wl Htm Heer/ Btipuutnl Fruiit Bimi« «irt fistl di til 01, ouh for lUallng itvd «Md < IT Crown Lulu.-Heary Olia «ti Boil Iii. II. for th* lim* offttoi -Tbi oltlm ot William Mitthiwi ig.lcitJoMehO rai, fir fe Si. wiidlimliiei-lo thiiiMifl !p»etirB>ekl«ybatist . ilolnkil'oik In hit poaeuloa, toi B«uhd«*'d«d thit thiy bad ao J*tlidl!t'.on,tn4nf»rra4toktompUVrltotoiCllyCcu,t. -Th* »ppllakUo» ef Thom-l B. BsMbu» fir a puk IImim vu griiti*.-Joba jaaa aad Tbomii Ribln. Ma »en Ictl Mi. far telif draak -«tlabatl Mty, .lurg*! «lib btleg draak, aad belig 01 tbi pnmltn | at Mr. wiym-uth usier tatplo'cui ilnumilireu, wi» tinteBNd to fou-tito iayi' Impiltortatat «Ita bird labor.-Otorga Diwioa wu alio auuird of halag rta to« rrem'au of Mr. Morl I mir ua'triaipli'oui «Ir. .aaitaiMi It ap.-urel tint Mr. Morlltaer dlieorei«! Uti prisoner looking thro«|h a ttlroa wlatt n la hil binn batwiia tea aad alono o'lloik al «tght. How. ever, D.weoalroughlrorlh iuih raipeelthle n'eraeoei at po fully to «Vlf» Mr. MorVmtr that re wai than far no ntl parpóte, ttTVe wai ¿tiohttgi d Asi »VMOtja CAiTS-R»ary L WU'laat wmi.m« atidDaaltl Bukett wera oilitardayt*ai»«d,attoe City Court, with ht »lo j ro um« or ruJkUr on rht'r .arl«, -rlllllMi promit»! to hue hi, «ia« »ad «ora. tur pal ni, «ad Untaron lb» Mayor lit bim ctr »lib a flue fie. toU^^i,^"^)T' iwd la «It» iwi «-couM., ^ ' j Tub Patos or ron-rois.-Ti a ia,Id rue «hob hu I rewnt'y lateo r>o _iltraiaf, »ed «e io ti at It on of Ihe ttT.oti cf tb*' oo tinned dry «e the.-. Airet one week lire«, th* ' but pott'.ow ix.u d be got f.r £110!, Ih« big 111 evt, O i B lord y lut co lui a um Ibau . 3 Pi. vu pejd. for them 1» tie W'ltira Mtiktt Forlnnitely It li uot 1 kt'y thit thli Impor ant regiti'.li »Jil conllBo« to oom ¿»ni io hi.h a prie* for a y great .'«Dgth «f Is* BtraEimi«trrl,io«»8-i8ATBr.sii.Li-IliE« *Ve ip the Lieu e ,*ut,Gjtirnor be», oy toilet 11 iLo Oat.tK, bom plouol to eppoltt Will im Plpir, E q leildent pt.lloi miglltrate at Bonall, lo nu« lefniltaient Hearne» upon Ibi oett'fiattci granted ty the Joitlou of tia Pexe is Pety «..» oat rula. bj,d ttttoiaUa. ia .M'rdiieiolih (b* S'.h olMie t f the Act of C act II, IS'.'' Vlolorle. No SB Nut IfiortTiUTte.-The fbllotring wa:» yeittrr*ar tinned U,rllori»'mielnrttii- Thomit Pieter aal Th n-Mlp'ttt Eiqulrll. AestiïitT BiGtiiRiR . r vus Fa.vmoB - Wllllim Hrnry Araber. Eiq vu y er eui y united n Allllt .nt Re-Utnr, voioh m«.oi tbtt Mr. Atole- li to do the work of tbU lmiort'nt effie*, fir whlih Mr. La Trote'i f.len-, Mi J r Cimrbeli, (.eli the p y tod U* boco-. WinmnoiL -Tb- Goveracr h»l tp) olalcd, by nolle* la yeiU'dvy'i Oatittt Mr. Elw.rd B tbrnt, tob» Olerl or Pet y Siuiou it Waiilcgal. . ButonwOBTii.-Chitin Corrio «Vtit», E'qa'ra, li .eiit'ei Poloe M.glilrat' at Posch» rta, to veiform the dntlu of Dil nty Shir IT In aid for toa Dlitrlet of tie County 0 u'tif Bee'h »i rib. HxiTncoTt - Palllp D'xon Hl'l Rtrdy, Eiqa'ra, ii gtmted Police Mtglilrm at Heithao:*, to i attora 'h* dutluot Deputy Bhir.'IT la kid f.r It* Dlllr'.ci or the County C art of Heit: oo e FASHIONABLE ARRIVALS - By the Madras has arrived a fine large Elephant, for sale in these colonies. He is fifteen years old, is very docile, and is accompanided by a native keeper, who puts him through his fa ings Two Camels are also on board; they are of the swift breed, and besides being great curiosities in these latitudes, the probable introduction of the camel into Australia, is a mater of peculiar interest A very fine Ourang Outang was also on board, but he mysteriously disappeared soon after leav- ing King George's Sound. It is supposed that he was thrown overboard by some of the sailors with whom Captain Parfitt had had a little trouble; as Joako was an animal of exemplary character, and in no way likely to be guilty of the cowardly mea of felo de se CURIOSITIES.-The elephant and camels spoken of in another paragraph, were purchased on Monday spirit, by Mr. Ellis, at a very considerable ex pense and they are to be added to the other attrac tions of Cremorne. t ist tor Cou«.-With nftntue to oar iepo t cf the eau a.eloit Mr. Bille, of Cnmorae a.idaae, lor nlilag «pint« o» Boed.y, ion« mlitike ep.ean lo hire bean a»de la the Identity i f I e i fleet 111 »Iteur. Mr. Terry, the gen! emin a la el to, li Bit o ly a am l.eduo.tod aae, >ut he haldt a highly retputaile petition 1b tia etty In the itere adopted by hua be wa. ealing not ae in Individual, but u the ratog. .alee! agent cf the BoHet/ for Iba espprai-.tos of V et. Et sat Aar.- Wintern Fat« ey, who wu teal trtMk eair ed trltb bo glery, aid reminded, w a agita btoeght a a on that ota gi . t it e City Cou-t on Monday. Ha wa» cbirged with bro. kiar »to i Jiwellir'i «bop la Eli.bath ttrtlt, In Noierater lut, bean a be lilt weak offered tom« cf me it lia goo t for nie it Ihi piece fr.m whleh they ware it len. Be wu remanded «thlt owo irqaoit, to prodate prccf that he wu «I tea when tht turtl.ry wat comm tied. Natodipof wa» pr.du-.ed, but Mr. Atttltio ', the eo'let or.eo . dei oa hie behalf that thire wu no ealdenu a, lina I «he prf lontnand that It w»»ibanrdto«upiO e hi», if Peletty had itolin the at ode, he would take thim to thor owner to tell. Tbe moglttra'u did act in tht for«» of tola ligte, and committed th« prltoaar u tai« hi» trial far tie cITmee. A» Aitimpt m CcnaiT Soicids.-John Barm w«t «barged by Parlek M-Keot at tie City PalUeCcn-t ob Monday with at'empt ag to commit inlclde Tle> aacuitd «xp- euel «oniilUonfor bieffecee, ardp.o mlnd li '(Tend bo mora The Mayor took hit pic mitta ddntargtdh'm ASSAULT —Francis M'Cullen was on Monday charged at the City Court with assau[l]ting Edward Boifor. The alleged assault was not prosed, and therefore the Mayor discharged M'Cullen. QUEEN'S THEATRE —Mr. George Coppin has renewed hiie»ieg«m«jtforafiwnl prior to bli departure firEn¿lind. Lut enalrg Iba enterUinmeiti e mo-enccd with Ihi muiloiT ti ud». tllle ea lal the ' L i«n t f a Liter." In whlth, et P» «f Spy k, Mr. Copiln admirably tuit. 1 iad the ehe'eeterofa yon v a i bltgmitie, teclturn, 1 ut «mon ni Duteh firmar. Thi-e w e a lark cf adequate «upptri, «llhough Mrs. Bydei acted lha pa t of Or rtde wl'h »onelderrbla atlmatl n. Two ether piecn luoeultd, lo both of whleh Mr. Cop;!a eetol Theran wa« «eil Biter ded, and oamllemble lta.rotemeit h ? takin pitilla the regalttioni and maixgimtnt of the thiat-e. Wa undantatd Mr. Copi In gtm bli forawill le «fit ia Frid-y night, whta lorn« oa I tal J di of Ii tiru! will bi lou bid upon la ? niw ural n of bli «.'»irated Gindie Leoturei. It li thi luieitlon tf tblt ixnllatt come Han to ratura étala ta the Aoilralltn Coloalu la ?boot etgh Poi.tnisia -The King ef the Hawiltaa Iiludi, Kameharaaha 111., hu ip.olotel Lhirln S'a Jallas, B q-, af tht» etty, Bli Mr Jo t'lO mml.ilottr Badi Political ead 0 immtnlal egeat, to Hit klngi, chlait, ' «ad rnlanof the lilaiil« in the Pi olde Oeaeo, not ander the proteetloc or «otóte gnty cf Bay »"«niaeaa. gouron»»-.*»-SpJnep ilo n nj Btrati, Janna-y io. Tn» CoriDiTiO!» or Eiarume sthbst - Th.t put of ?tephea-i mt «hieb le bitwiea B.ar.e «ad La T/ote itrute, on the eui . di cf S epho i.ttm', Ia a diigraec to toe elly, «ada mmh «rea e dlirrata lo toe rolla«. Alnott arcry bou«« in the «¡ot wa h ve ni mad ti ouoplel ty f.me'ei of ho loweit and moot dhrapa'a blc chu, who pane» It Ir tailing wtlh ah« moil H thy conduct «ed lasguAgc,. la aad cat of their rta danu« at all hoon cf the day «ad Bight, The police cu hi to clear it cat) ard If icme of ile t C1 on aie ntl -toro latlma'a with toa InhaVtanta thereof than lheyru,hi lo be, the/wlU aooa til thaae'ghioitiiod cf lath a collate«. Orrasota witu H- asia -At Ile C ty Cou t oo Moa. day, the following perioni wiri charged with the Tiri mi tffeatu h«i«afer etamerttel, old lo hsvi kees «emmltlel by th«m w.th bonn ¡-Richard Kyra wu «baigel with le r.cg bli bona cn thi foot-alb withoutprotulloi sF.edirlok Thamiimw.toahitta«t.. lag tie tbo.oaghfa-e wth bli loin «ad cuti «ad Ainsi dir Butty, »1th furlcni filtiagi-Ky-a, bal , Ina bali for bia ap,eerttat, bat felted. la appear wheo «»Hid ob. Hi. ball wu cn! erad to te forfel ed. Thonapacn wat cooTle'el, end flaed »"«-. Beatty, a water cart drlre-, s aeic boy, wu slea coavicted aad A ed U, or la cef nil »f ray Beat, eeatotwi to fo«rtuadayt' Imprtto.tnti»: this, putlthatal wu Iktaaled for hi out.r,atd tot for tt« boy. Tua Borro3iD Gold Vuna m focrit Zurjuai - A llctl bunt ia Uli babbli t lins ty tbt latoltl gtnet by tb» Hurrlom» from VtlpariUo. Wa art 1 (aimed by a rnpeetible American firm «ho htv* litten from tbilr earl* pi ndinti la Hut «easily, that thin te ao tooth whatever la tb* rat-art. Bno.Ttrto it a Woka« - D.ttetite K im>, at Ih* Cliy Gaari on Monday, o barged H«a'i[Kintvltothooi ti g at a womm. Kent tt .1 In a d'ire. nith'* .hean la ale'« at the tuck cf the Ltira itr Ara*, Lotettl* .trtet, at aboat mldilghl oa Bttardty Satt, «bora, ia. bt itatii, thin maa attempted t« rob bim. To prolate h mult hi dUibarged a pUtol, wh'oh giv» rill to to». pie eattairgt. Tbi «amis d'd cot »pjttr »taltal him. Mr, Tartar, tht birrle'er, denuded ItciKniid,, and by bli iron.txemlaitloa of El teo illilted Ik* l'ion f.olí. Tk* p Iioe*.' *M rtaaafid anlU jet-. tirfay, tutateiujicqu» t period of the diy ibe »inala, Mm« I ilo «lust, ud toe me|litr.ta bid Únate- taila Mlltd cm. Tb« «birgo tf inoeilog at tee ««maa vmi, ?c4 loitelBtd, bul tot prlioter «n Dati Bl tor laving-, th* plitol l3»hli pouMilco. Stint FtoiiTiao -J hn M'OoreiT, Mitha»! Xal> lo», JtfitnoB Jukioa, Jama Got, Be Jimia Ball, OtnrlM Otodall, Wlllti ta> Di rhte, ead Jahn ThctaAit »ira *i*h »htrgtd tt tot Olly O uri onMoidty, vltb figbtiag la tbt pabUi iVitL Tbi tvo lut . w» a'a» «nargal »lthdiuok«nn«u Tb*y «in thu» dlip'iad of. M'Ooti o Mid LO,«M Bit aghtlrg, butt nlllog hil btlMiuikta «!(t boa» Hi vu ( lMkarg/4. Itàltv, H »II, and Goodtll, titi finid 40i ntl,. Tuina vm ciatoirged, asd Gilt au tlatd 63i" cr la cVab-ril of payaist itstoBMl In una dfe* latoitaoiBMt TnUrdty tot nat 1 fini» « 1 (hu ni atalaa Jaba Willina«. It ipnmrad (hat bt. «Hooat- tay ynvem Itoa, it otk a nun vamid Ltneb; »td «han -kyala «ii do»i klokil kim abo»! tai ht»d aid. (»aa most bia. tilly. Mr. M'Oniar Í »fended WLIeou, aad «ailed t* vHmu Maul WUUim Salth, a tailor, «ba ivor*-, pulllwly that Lyiib Ant lUoik Wflllami, fJid tait» laiy foa|h! Ia to:uq««nt*. r,cni w batía ea_ tndlited Imitti'tiUUmint, aad Mr. Blurtoriarid bim. lalott'tody tor vlir»|Mdoo-r»pt,r<«iJa-T> Wll'.inu wuoMvlit«d aal Bael ICI, til» t* .rial'of pi-taeol be wai aenlMta-d to or« moath's lapMinr.Banl »ad bart labor, MikOitu-iti fox AtWA «ona «*e\5Can!-~Oa ? ituraay alibi, a minti of wao hu . imall tljht-of.way at tia aU« sf lit praaalau, opposite Purcalt» Datur lo Lpnda'e itnet, lett a qfitatlty «f ««.{« tf Amerlua e'otk' cat la Ita tit bl «'.way,. .oatldwlig that Ihey wira quite »tit, there, tw'Jt Mealty. At »host m'delght ? mia aad woma bra»» opea «a» of tu *'iu ud l'on a »««Uly et lb» .loaba, tai na ellon of lb» »lair «?« tyu'eUy |l»aa toDil««tlVkWIIIUmi,»BOW«ata**v« til««, «tiltfl th»owr»r to wttah tttg-oa», ttadir IM laannlo« that th* th'evu wcull i»t«m, »hie hi (tTHllaai) weal «lMwherv. Bao» t tut th« male tMof. ntatiad, aid wai la tb« Mt ot talla«, a tuud lúa of s'ctass, wh»a Hw otrMf |«ubi« I «a bia. j,%a thiel .Hat«, h«»jav»t, to» «Mh trt kia, t« ha pel away lea htautiatia-ilittv.alkw, The te^.pranietil utota .f lurlMiWedi »»»ou* ta tot» '«ay *»«t«t a doasia .rli. li leajJt a» lot« c1 preaar(«ft «ad i gan » Maila. tlaatodlthatuly, »hVto wm,tf\a cor eplnlna, M «a it»« m agalsiltxialily, P;.f}^c»-«Jt» fe ratio«, air) iftar tbt aben wai »mt q,. «tteitln WiHlami luiatcdti la MMaipat tht tolife'elth^rTa WillUtaa btd ealy A tora ^«ttipiloa cf bteT Itu ?«*. i, ?airy Bill. H" vu piu«a Uflj^ij»,«, «sd NBlirtid ti l^«in .mattha' ta*«rt»»»M««t MM had labor, - ic u'i *-r-4* «V; -*? 4»*i»bMii«bi«i «.rant «*t|'«»}tf l-aa. 