Votlie BattorofVhe 'Zncralrer.' Impuneercomiuirccitiivcrit? Sir,— Xb ^Tke In/uirer' of last week/I found a copy of a Prologue to the late The atrical Peribrmarices, and as I presume it was surreptitiously placed therefor the pur pose of having mj opinion thereon, I hasten to give it. Bad an ordinary individual written this choice effusion, I should not have noticed it; but to have the principal Law Officer of the Crown and an Honourable Member of Coun to deal with, is another uflair. tio here goes. — The first lines are— ?* When War's lond thunder menaces our shores *? How through each patriot heart the life-blood pours?' Does this mean that each ' patriot heart' is in mortal dread? I imagine this from the note of interrogation at the end of the se cond Hue, which raises a query on the sub ject; otherwise, why is it there? To say the least of it, this is not very patriotic of the poet(?) Again, can any person tell me the mean ing of the next two lines? ' How in each English ooul the threat that learnt Like bush-fire racing, martial fury burns!' for I cannot see how a soul can learn a threat! And what threat does the Honourable Poet ullude to? It must be the Governor's threat not to allow the court- House to be used any more as a Theatre; and mind, only English men feel this raging bush-fire of '* martial fury*'; Irish or Scotch have nothing to do with it. Did ever any one read such measure as in the 8th and 10th lines! and as to the four following lines.they are too atrociously vulgar to comment upon, except to ask what is the meaning of the word ' Keveen.' If that 'gallant band' who rushed intoths ' Bush' are ' careless af ease, of life, of gold, of fame,' what, in the name of common sense, do they care for? They must have been an extraordinary band indeed. But then it is explained that they cannot be named by ' the English tongue,' but ' France,' with nicely measured power, calls thorn ' Ama teur' and the same France — —Bids ' Chevaliers sans reprdche aans penr ' To cheer, not scorn the humble amateur.' So those, who ore not sans reprocfie sans ?pew, are not to cheer but scorn the 'humble Amuteur': and 'humble Amateurs' are those who ' rush into the bash,' without caring for 'ease,' 'life,' 'gold,' or ' fame;' if this be not sacrificing rhyme to reason with a vengeance, I know not what is. The four first lines of the third stanza I rather think I have read before, but where the Advocate General can tell you, as per haps he is Beranger in disguise. ' OU Detonator, though he rave and storm,' ' Will soon be seated by the wild Lukewarm.' And why not? What is there extroorr dmary in & man who rages and storms, ta king % seat? Look at the metre in the 9th and 16th lines of the ktst stanza! What does ' by right they come at last,' mean? And ' Amity,' as it begins with a capital letter, and is printed in italics, I pre sume is the name of some ship, but not ha ving seen the play, I cannot say. These are only a few of the most glaring absurdities in this would-be poetical produc tion, and 2 must say that the Manager, whoever he may be, is as much to blame in having allowed this Prologue to have been spoken, as the author is to be pitied for the hallucination of having imagined he had written poetry or sense; and could he hear how generally his Prologue is ridiculed, be would make it the epilogue of his attempts at writing poetry. ''Jis' not thy vocation Hal' Your obedient servant Swan, July 22nd. A. M. L.U. 