DISTRICT COUNCILS. MOUNT CRAWFORD. lKnirair. 1ST JaTTDAHY. Present— Messrs. David Randall (Chairman), Joseph Gilbert, and Robert Rankine. «.„,-. The Chairman read copy of a letter to the Colonial Secretary asking if the dav of election of District Council lors was postponed ; also ActingLoioniai fceeretarys reply, stating that by the Amended District^ Councils Act the present Councillors remain in office till the 1st March The Chairman, considering his instructions to write to Mr. Younir too indefinite, reported his not having done so. Resolved, that the Chairman write to Mr. Young ask ing him to have the plan ready, that it may be had when called for. The Ranger's report received and approved of. Resolved, thit the Ranger be instructed to keep a look out, and in the event of a fire occurring in the district, to give immediate alarm to the nearest neighbours ; also to inform against any party found violating the Act passed in the late session for the prevention of bush-fires, &c.; Resolved, that the Chairman write to the Government Printer for six copies of the Amended District Councils Act; also sis copies of the Stubble Burning Act. A discussion having arisen respecting the late bush-fire in the neighbourhood of Trial Hill, it was unanimously resolved that an advertisement be inserted in the Govern ment Gazette aud weekly papers calling for evidence as to its origin, the Council being determined to do all in its power to enforce the penalties Inflicted by the Acts of the Legislative Council. Received from the Secretary of the Association of Dis trict Councils Chairmen forms for the alterations of ^Ordered, that £16 be pjid to Saml. Partridge on account of uteesment. Resolved, that the next meeting of this Council be'held on Tuesday, the 16th instant. Circular received and read from the Central Board of Main Roads. Received from Mr. George Warren tracings and books of wferenec of roads through section 9S4. Resolved, that the Secretary write to the Poundkeeper asking his reasons for not haying furnished last month's returns. 