PORT ELLIOT. [From our own Correspondent.] Port Elliot, January 26, 1855. The breakwater is now extended upwards of 115 yards from the main land, and already af- fords shelter for all the shipping which frequent this port. During the whole of this week, the Lady Emma, the Josephine, and the Gem, have been at the furthest not more than 200 yards from the jetty. From the activity which pervades the work at the jetty, I think it is questionable whether any ship calling at this port will after this continue to lie at the old moorings inside of Lipson's Island, being at least a distance of three-quarters of a mile from the place of landing. ACCIDENT.—Mr. Joshua Laffen, a farmer, residing near Goolwa, while on his way home from Adelaide the other day was thrown from his horse with much violence, but fortunately near the residence of his father-in law, Mr. Wardle, Hindmarsh Valley. Mr. Clendenning, the surgeon, residing in the distiict, was speedily sent for, who found Mr. Laffen had sustained very considerable injuries upon his left arm and side. The patient, who was unable to be removed for some days, is, we under- stand, progressing favourably. STABBING CASE. — Intelligence having reached the police at Port Elliot that a man named William Thomas had stabbed Mr. White, at Willunga, on Wednesday last, a diligent search was made for the man charged with the crime yesterday and last night, but without success; to day (Friday) the search will be resumed, and which there is strong reason to believe will terminate in the capture of the delinquent. [The words of a correspondent at Port Elliot are quoted, but on enquiry at the Police Office it has been ascertained that the name of the person stabbed is William Thomas; that of the man charged with the heinous crime being John Smith.] Port Elliot, Monday, January 29. I have just returned from a personal exami- nation of the destruction of property caused by the most extensive bush fires which have ever occurred in the District of Encounter Bay. It is impossible at present to define accurately the origin of the conflagration, but it is the opinion of many of the settlers that it is the work of an incendiary. If this con- jecture be correct, it will be difficult to effect an escape from the punishment such an atro- city deserves, for already it is in contempla- tion to offer a handsome reward for the detec- tion of the party or parties concerned. The fire, which had been raging with fearful fury during the greater part of last week, was at such a distance from any human habitation as to cause but little apprehension until the evening of Friday last, when it became ap- parent, unless prompt measures were adopted, that the property of the Rev. R. W. Newland would be likely to suffer total destruction. The fire, however, did not reach there until Saturday afternoon, when the greater portion of at least all the produce of the district was evidently placed in the greatest jeopardy. It is impossible to speak in too high terms of the conduct of the inhabitants in general, who turned out by common consent to arrest the progress of the rude invader. Through their indefatigable exertions the loss sustained by Mr. Newland, I understand, did not exceed £300, consisting of the entire fencing round his sections. The other portions of his pro- perty, although much exposed, escaped with some slight exceptions. Late on Saturday, or rather on Sunday morning, the party removed to the residence of Mr. R. S. Schuyler, their attention being called thither by the firing of guns, a mode of communication understood as a signal of alarm. Notwithstanding the most unremitting efforts of all present, in the face of a hot wind, during the whole night, with the thermometer at 90°. The loss sustained by Mr. Schuyler was very considerable, amounting to several hundred pounds, consisting of the loss of a beautiful orchard, his fencing, and a large portion of his last year's crop. I shall be able to afford you in a few days a more minute detail of the disaster. In the meantime it is impossible to approximate to a correct estimate of the loss sustained. On Sunday morning, about 9 a.m., the fire took the direction of Port Elliot, and I am sorry to say the ravages of the fell destroyer presented a scene which I believe was never witnessed in the history of any bush-fire in the province. About three miles from Port Elliot the fire broke out on the section of Mr. William Nutt, and totally destroyed his garden, his fences, and the greater portion of his last year's crop. He estimates his loss at £200. The fire then proceeded in the direction of Mr. East- wood's, but I have not heard the damage sustained, although it must be great, as his property was much exposed. Mr. Giles Abbott had his entire garden destroyed, comprising a large quantity of fruit, being one of the best gardens in this district. His loss in this respect must be very consider- able. The fire destroyed five miles of fencing, besides a deal of other property which was much exposed. He estimates his loss at £400. The adjoining section of Mr. McCloud, where the entire crop of the past year was lying exposed, was almost wonderfully preserved. To Mr. John Abbott is due the credit of saving the crop by ploughing several fur- rows round the spot upon which the wheat, after being threshed, had been piled. With the exception of the fencing, which was totally destroyed, no other loss was sustained. Here it would be unworthy not to notice the humane efforts of Miss Jane Abbott, who preserved two children, by rescuing them from the flames by which they were surrounded. In the ex- citement consequent upon such a condition of things, Mrs. McCloud had forgotten her infant charge, and the children, in attempting to escape from the fury of the fire, were in the greatest danger. Mr. William Gardner had the entire amount of his property destroyed, consisting of up wards of 1,000 bushels of wheat, a vast quan- tity of live stock, with the whole of his fencing round two sections. Nothing was left on the section but the dwelling-house, which was with much difficulty saved. To add to the horrors of this dreadful scene, Mrs. Gardner was left alone; Mr. Gardner had gone on a visit to a friend the day previous, and the mental anguish and grief into which she was plunged can never be forgotten by those who witnessed it. Mr. Thomas Spry suffered the total loss of all his property, including his dwelling-house, and a large portion of his live stock, having had, it is believed, the best crop in the district. His loss is estimated at upwards of £700. The loss sustained by Mr. James Chibnall, being the adjoining section, is estimated at £300, including his crops, the whole of his fencing, and a new thrashing machine. In the list of those who have suffered I must include Mr. Dodd — a hay-stack worth £60. Mr. Jarvis, late of Bowden, and Mr. Green, had a considerable portion of their crops destroyed. I have not been able to gather the full par- ticulars of this sad calamity. While I now write the fire is raging with unremitting fury in the direction of Currency Creek and Goolwa. The damage will, it is feared, be great in the direction it has now taken, but beyond this, and the conjectures current at the moment, I cannot speak in anything like terms of accu- racy. The total loss already sustained amounts to several thousands of pounds. Port Elliot, Tuesday Morning. During the whole of yesterday the weather has been considerably cooler, the thermometer ranging from 60° to 73° in the shade. In consequence of the prevalence of westerly breezes the fire seems to some extent abated. But I have not been able to obtain any correct information as to the probable loss which may be sustained in the direction it is now pur- suing. The amount of property consumed on Satur- day and Sunday last has been variously esti- mated from £5,000 to £10,000, and the opinion of the residents of Encounter Bay is now pretty generally entertained, that this fearful loss originated in the wicked and malicious design of one or more heartless villains. A special meeting of the District Council was called, to meet to- day, when it is probable a sum of money will be voted equivalent to the amount raised by voluntary subscription as a reward for the apprehension of the parties concerned. Various rumours are current as to the success likely to attend this measure, but from all I can learn it is very improbable any other good will result than in the warning it will afford to the disaffected of the punish- ment such daring atrocity deserves. At pre- sent it is the intention of the residents in Encounter Bay to give a dinner to those who so greatly exerted themselves during the whole of Saturday night and Sunday. Mrs. Schuyler has undertaken the manage- ment, and Mr. Newland has agreed to preside on the occasion. A good deal of information will be elicited, the principal items of which I will communicate by the next mail. In the list of those who have suffered I omitted to mention yesterday, Mr. Ezra Robinson and Mr. Frederick Barret; the latter had his stable and out-houses totally destroyed, in ad- dition to the loss of his fences, rendered all the more painful from the circumstance of this being the second occasion he has suffered from this element. Among the ranges about seven miles distant, I understand a considerable loss has fallen upon Messrs. Tilley, Cook, Yelland, and Brokenshire. The amount of the damage I have not been able to ascertain; but as every day is pregnant with the mourn- ful intelligence of its predecessor, I will com- municate in due course any correct informa- tion I can procure. I understand considerable loss has been sustained in the district of Mac- clesfield and other districts lying north from Port Elliot; this is all the more likely as at present the fire is pursuing a course nearly due north. 