KEW YEAR'S DAY AT Wl-SUSUlt. A cool correspondent, Mr. Editor, muy sit down in the fuco ot' tho furnace Ituon'u here ns a» atmosphere ! suIEiouteil willi hot sumí, bush-fires, lurid smoke, and indita you iv lemptrate account ot' till tim agricultural miseries of this devoted dist riot. Editorial surihes nro singularly gh'ted with tho faculty of philoâophising when relating misfortunes that embellish their existence. But I defy tho coolest oueiiniher from your hotbed of dory articles to adopt tho language of the press in describ- ing tlio enchantments of that wizard, Misha Hauser, in tho court-house of this town with _ its majjpiilocruent ñamo mid donsely dull realities. ltefrcdihig, exquisite, regenerating ns new fallon rain on this par- lied und withered soil, were the celestial sounds heard for tho first time on Friday night. Thu astonished mid en- tranced auditory, panting und breathless us they took refuge from the hot blast, without, at liest resembled souls escaped from Purgatory to Para- dise, tile angels in white muslin shaking out their milled plumage, tho masculine Muck ones longing forsomo lluid to cool their parched tongues. Hush ! Minka Hamer gently tickles the slum hering lute ! you could have heard a snoivllalte lull, and then strong, mighty, all-powerful tho ma^ic bow sivejit tho strings._ At lirst, a little provincial hesi- tation prevailed in un assembly too often be- guiled into durance at tho festivities of SivisB vuguboiidi, bu su Bezoniiiu nomades figuring us Tyroloan minstrels, Herr Sclinmp, Hui von Hiimbiirgh, nutt other similar worthies wont to nroíltico their enormities in our Antipodean Windsor, where, if Her Majesty, hy tho process adopted in the Arabian Mights*, could bo trans- planted for twenty- four hours, alto would for evermore remember the trials, pliysicul and moral, of her Australian subjects. lint tho Prometheus hus kindled tho celestial lire-tho whole iiudicnco ure. ukin tho men exchange louies-thu ladies sparkle like diamonds ott un Opera night, thea hursts forth au honest, hearty, impassioned applause that would have sn'ept uwny' all thu faded senti- mental used-up bouquets that ever kissed thu dust, und very dirty dust it is, of tho Btago, Oh j that hird in the tree ! Í saw u pr tty child on tho lap of ono ol' tho Ladies ot' thu Bench listening to tho "sweet! sweet!" of tho canary, und gaiting aloft, with largo dark eyes for the capricious little pet ; mid a stout old gentío lunn seemed about to commence a resoluto chuso utter tho .bewitching fugitive. You seel um a perfect fanático of what my Scotch Calvinistic mond culls tho" ninfo' wee liddle," su I eau scarcely, us I ought, ito sober Justice to thu chaste, subdued, and exquisite precision of Mr. Packer's uceom panimeiits, or thu correct singing; of the gentle lady-like vocalist, in Chi io ¡ano pettore. llisku Utiliser hus inspired mo with nu odo to tho chair ou thta memorable night, ono of the Koctes Ambrosiuiiuj of the South. " I'll «peak to lier, and «ho «hull bo my Queen." -Milton'i Vomui, Who would not steal a ring, ft kio«, a glovo, Tu stnud u primmer lu thin court ol lore, Where M Liku Hauser summons starry eyes, And Purgatory torus to t'aruUlse J Yo musty, dusty, fusty, blindfold fates, Did »lg*, red tape, nod Messrs DOO and Koo I Yo parchment clerks and drowsy uiiijistratc«, Woe to your antics dull, your mysteries, woo I Apollo and tho Or aeon hold their court W ithin your halli, to-nlght,aml curls and aashcg, And hosts of Utile ambimhed Cupids sport WUuro Justice sat lu stioklutli and lu ushei. Silk and white muslin nullo on the floor, Anil ott your Chairman's lofly »eat repones, Would they could hold n court for evermore I'ortlu's dark locks, bur Irory fan and roset, Oh I Minka Hauser, wonders thou hast wrought, Of whlrh thy rival, Orphons, never thought, Hu charmed but rocks and trees and dolphins swim- ming ; Thou rillest mon below «nd Faints above Hast turned a rourt-liou*o tn a Court of boro Peopled tiy earth's true Quenus und Conquerors, Women I Yours, AN UNPAID CORRESPONDENT. 