SOUTH AUSTRALIA. WE have Adelaide pnpors to tba 14th instant. i Of the progress pf the . Now Parliament; Bill, «tho Register'ejt the above dato says-^-" Too progress thatitho Connell 'has made with the Parliament' Bill has already partly denned the constitution, of the Upper- House.' /flie nuBdbcr of its members bassoon Axed at eighteen^ thoy are to:bo elected by the whole colony voting as ouel district, énâ, though " specially representing property.,} they are deprived of tho power of initiating ¡Money Bills, j ft remains-to determine-what shall;bo. the maximum; duration of each member's scat, and ju what manner rn-' elections shall taite place. It hastheen once proposed that power should, be .given to the Governor to.dissolve both Houses et tho same time, in case.anything like an obstinate deadlock should arise which (th reaten ed to put a stop to all legislation, and injure the-prosperity of tho country. : A universal re-election would; then throw tho whole power into-the hands of the mojonity, and tho two1 frosh Chambers would be so similar in politics that an accordance of views would be secured, and legislation might proceed without hindrance. But this suggestion has not found favour with thocoúntry.; Politicians of all parties are agreed that it is not judicious t» exposé the whole of the legislativo fabric : to such a sudden and .complete bouleversemekit." . . . . On Saturday, 8th instant, his Excellency the Govemor Sn-Chief loft Port Adelaide, for the purpose of visiting Port Wakefield and of iinspoctiug tho liglit-houso in course of erection on Troubridge Shoal. His Excellency first proceeded to the lighthouse. This useful structure; was if.mud to bo rapidly approaching completion, tho 1st of February next being the day named for the light being brought, into use. . The lato gales had washed away part of the island, and had reached tho cottage occupied by the workmen, but the foundations of .tho lighthouse were untouched. Tho vine-regal party then proceeded to Port AVokefleld, which place presented a very busy- appear-' ance ; nine large ships and several smaller vessels were engaged in discharging coals and receiving on.boord copper ore, on account of thu Patent Copper Company, and wool sent down by tho nothera'settlors.'' 'About 1500 tons of ore were being shipped at the present time. Tho company lia ve constructed a spacious store, and Mr. Ilorn, their late superintendent, .who is now engaged in 'business at the Port on his own account, ha3 another, in which an hydraulic wool press, now biisily'at work, has been erected. It1 is i expected that not less than'400 bales of wool will be shipped from the port this i season, tho greater part of which will be clumped there. His ExceUency and p'arty.re-emarked on the followihg Mon- day; and reached Port Adelaido on tho ll th instant. ' The Time* records the arrival at Adelaide of the first shipment of wool from the Albury District, as follows : "Amongst tho last bags of. wool, ox M-'It. N.-Co.'s Steamer Albury, we notice a parcel grown in tho Albury District by Mr. Robart Brown, of Cullindina, one of tho oldest settlers on the Hume River, and who, together with Messrs. Hay, Evans, Ford, Roper, McLnren, and Moon, along with many other enlightened iliheral-minded men, whose names it would be invidious to mention, have ever been foremost ia encouraging tho navigation of tho Upper River.- The wool alluded to is tho first shipment from the Albury District, nnd was grown higher up the Murroy tbon any that has yet reached South Australia." Bush.'fires have been prevalent in tho colony. Tho Register ¡ot the 14th says:-*' About mid-day on Sunday, a fire bTtíko out near the South Tara, and destroyed' 309 acres of most splendid feed, on Mr. William Williams' property, ns also a large quantity belonging to Mr. Butler. Tile flames would have spread further but for the exertions of tho neighbours, who immediately assembled, to the number of-'JO or 40, and succeeded in getting them under. A man was seen smoking just before the commencement of the conflagration, which is supposed to fmvq originated from the fall of some lighted tobacco among the dry grass. In the present season the 1 utmost jare js cecgtsary among standing crops, and wo ifcaatM taney th« wort inveterate warfh|r,if h«««««MMK of >MT proper feeling, «nd if he PTO the subject « WotY-or-Vs considération, would defer the pb-asure of « whiff till he otw uko it in safety, rather than endanger properly awl even lifo by an indulgence which, under thu .circumstances, is really criminal. Two fires took place on Monday morning lost, on the Bold Hills, Van kail la, and destroyed ab jut eight acres of wheat." The Port Elliot correspondent of the RegUter writes, under date 10th instant, to tho following effect :-" Tho last few days of extreme heat have had a decided ten. I dency to preparo for the sickle of the husbandman the ! result of his industry and toil. Harvest operations have, in many instances, commenced during the preceding week, particularly on soils near the sea-coast. That n ! very large portion of the cereal produce of this district wûl be available for export is admitted by all iEtfimately aequainted with the very large extent of land under I crap; nar do I think our local necessities will bear any 1 proportion to the quantity likely to be realized, even independently af our very enlarged increase of population during the year about to close. While the'Agricultural ?capabilities of the district are rather limited in extent, 'the experience of the present season wfJl, I think, be found sufficiently to attest the innate productiveness of I the Boil; while tho quality of our produce'has beenpro ! nounccd by an extensive purchaser of "wheat in the I colony to be equal to the best samples df the province. It might be important to noto that within the last two years three steam flour-mUls have been erected, inde- pendently of ono. at an earlier period, erected at En- counter Bay, and which has recently undergone a~ thorough reconstruction. We possess now an effective ? agency, computed to be capable of grinUing, in the oggre-f gate, upwards of 4000.bushels of whett weekly, creating; an important'local market, and.'in «ll probability pre-' venting a repetition of our recent extreme scarcity, occa- sioned, doubtless to some extent, by our dependence upon foreign-supplies. In oil respects our district bears the irapress-o'f a steady and progressive advancement, while in social matters our prospects are not less signifi- cant. TheHewnships of Port ElKçt and Goolwa present an enbirgerd- appearance., Early buildings have, in «any cases, given place to a more improved style of architec- ture. Churches and schools lvave-'not been without ^beir ameliorating influences; while,'in other.respecte, we only wait the recognition and development bf our natural .advantcgos of position to become'hot the least important section of the map of the province." r 