BENDIGO. (FROM Our OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Sandhurst. Jan. 30th, 1855. THE CLERK OF PETTY SESSIONS.-Bendigo rejoices in the possession of a clerk of petty sessions who has managed during his official existence here to impress a general belief on the public mind that he has eked out his salary by numberless perquisites, whether with or without Government sanction we know not. Holders or-refreshment licenses have many tales to toll of their experience with the Clerk of the Bench, which If not true, are, at all events, somewhat strange. It might have been expected that the visit of tho Commission of Inquiry would have afforded an opportunity of testing tho truth of rome, at least, of the repeated reports, but won- derful enough, or rather, not wonderful at all, the storekeepers and others of Bendigo were , quite above the exercise of any superfluous patriotism in lending assistance to drag possible corruption into the light of day. The dust of the wheels of tho vehicle which bore away the Commission had hardly, however, settled, before the Advertiser, under a sense of duty all too late, made some serious charges against the clerk of the bench, and it was generally understood that the latter had commenced legal proceedings against his accuser. Nothing more has ns yet been heard of it, and the affair seems likely to sink into oblivion, unless 'the waters of remembrance arc stirred. Now we express no opinion on tho matter, as to whether the clerk of the Bench is or is not delinquent. We will give him credit for efficiency in the discharge of the onerous duties of his office; but can the Governor, who has evinced such a determination to investigate all questionable official conduct, allow the matter to stand as it is ? An official publicly accused of corruption by the press, and no inquiry-no pro- secution of tho slanderers who have dared to assail the character of a public officer! This, surely, is not as it should be, and the sooner either a corrupt official meets with merited pun- ishment, or an unjust charge is exposed and de nounced, the better for the public character of the community. OFFENCES.-An attempt was made on Satur- day morning, about daylight, to rob the South Australian Gold Office. Mr.Spencer awakened by a noise, and he observed a man outside trying to remove a pane of glass in the window. Ile watched tho scoundrel for about a quarter of an hour, when, fearing that ho might be disturbed and get safely away, ho took deliberate aim, and fired at him with a largo re- volver. Before Mr. Spencer could (gt outsde the fellow had managed to make off, but, it is pretty certain, very severely wounded, for there is no mark of tho ball in tho slab house next door directly opposite, and within a few feet of the window. No clue has yet been obtained of the fellow. As Mr. Dixon, a carter, was returning from Eagle Hawk, the other evening, a bullet, tired by somebody not far off, passed through the crown of his cap, taking some of his hair off. It is reported that a man was stuck up at the same place since. It is on the side of the hill coming from Long Gully to Iron Bark. Whether the shot was accidental or not, the attention of the police should be directed to the locality, and the general and care- less rise of fire-arms should be put a stop to. SUDDEN DEATH.-Mr. Thomson, blacksmith, a well-known and respectable inhabitant of Sand I hurst, died suddenly on Sunday morning. An inquest was hold yesterday, and a verdict was returned of died of natural causes, accelerated by over-exertion in such hot weather. It was reported that three persons had died suddenly yesterday, in consequence of the heat of the weather. PUBLIC MEETING. -A public meeting, convened by Captain Browne, was hold on Saturday, in front of the Criterion Hotel. There were some five or six hundred persons present. The chair was taken by Mr. Dunlop. Captain Browne ad- dressed the meeting for about three-quarters o) an hour upon the present relative position of the Government and the diggers, and suggested that a movement should be organised for the purpose of having the circumstances of the diggers and the requirements of the gold-fields fully con- sidered by a number of men, half to be nominated by the diggers and half by the Go- vernment. He pointed out the folly of their at- tempting to get their grievances redressed by any appeal to physical force. They could never oppose disciplined troops while they were dis- united among themselves, and a thousand of their might throw themselves on the bayonets of the soldiery, and still be as far off from redress as ever. The Captain was heard with attention and was cheered at the close. He, however, pro posed no practical plan of operations: he merely mooted an idea, and descanted upon its advan tages for some time, and then left it to fructify or not. , THE WEATHER.-During the last few days the weather has been as hot and as distressing as ever I remember in the colony. The celebrated Black Thursday was not more oppressive than was Sun- day last. The gusts of wind from the north-west were, throughout yesterday and Sunday, like blasts from a furnace, almost scorching the face The physical powers suffered under great depres- sion, and general illness was caused, especially among children. The thermometer during both days indicated 115 degrees in the shade. The surrounding country is evidently devastated with bush-fires, To-day there has been a change, and the sky betokens rain—a welcome boon. January 31st, 1855. OPENING or TUE WESLEYAN CHAPEL.-It i gratifying at all times and in all places to be abl to record instances of religious and moral pro gressijn, and therefore we cannot overlook th recent opening of the Weslcyan chapel am school-house at View Point. At the gold-fields where religion has hitherto been little more thai the name, the development of the higher am nobler sentimci.ts of humanity among our popu latina must especially be hailed with satisfuctio: and delight. The Episcopalians, lloman Catho lies, and Prosb) terians, of Bendigo, have all o late evinced a praiseworthy zealand activity ii planting religious and educational establishment in the locality, and not less earnest, zcnlous, o successful than those have been the Wesleyant On tlio occasion of the Governor's visit t Bendigo I recorded the ceremony of layinj the foundation stone of a Wesleyai school and chapel, at which his Excel lency presido!. That building, a handsom and commodious stone one, has been completed . and, on the 21st jnst. divine service was peí formed in it by Mr. Waugh, from Melbourn« and Mr. Raston, the resident clergyman. O: the following evening a tea meeting was hcl there, which was graced by thepresence of alarg number of ladies, and enlivened by an excellcn band of music. When the tea was over Mr. Rasto took the chair, and a number of interestin addresses wero delivered by tbo chairman, th Rev. Mr. Nish, Mr. Butter, Mr. Waugh, an Messrs Cocker and Burall. On the followin day the children of tho Wcsleyan Schools wa entertained, and the deserving rewarded wit prizes. Collections were made, and the amour realised was about £200. " THE MEMBER I-OR BENDIGO."-I observe tha you are disposed to be more charitable toward the people of Bendigo with regard to the electio of Dr. Owens; but you will still persist in belie\ ing that wo wilfully misunderstood his Exceller cy's promise, and also that we wished to apprt priate the one seat to ourselves. _ Tho very it consistency ot those charges is their own condon nation. If wo know that there was but one sea! and endeavored to appropriate it, was it likel that we would have "put a promiso into hi Excellency's lips" to the effect that he woul " sanction tho election of a certain number t gentlemen to seats in the Council." I happene to be present when the resolution was drawn ui and know that the wording was purposely mad vague- because the promise of his Excellcnc was not certainly understood to bo confined t one representative. Your "warning" and you very distinct statement of what his Excellenc did promise, wero made after that resolution ha been submitted. From my acquaintance wit the whole movement I can most truly asset there never was any intention of appropriating t Bendigo the one seat, supposing that there woul only be one j but it was believed that his Exce lenoy might be disposed to place moro than on seat at the disposal of the diggers, if he wer pressed on this score, in which case Bendigo nn its dependent diggings might fairly claim member. MURDEROUS AVFRAT.-A dreadful affair o< curred at the Back Creek on Monday evenirij caused by drunkenness. A sawyer named Whi field, was passing the tent of a young man name Cunningham, and having a bottle of Old Toi with bim ho asked the latter to have somethin to drink In a little time an altercation too place, and some blows were struck. Whittle! becoming exasperated struck Cunningham wit a hand-saw under the jaw, inflicting a dread ft wound, and laying open all the muscles of ti neck ; the jugular vein wns missed by a hal breadth. The noise brought the young mon employer, named Nelson, to his assistance ; as 1 approached, Whitfield struck him on the an with the saw, completely cutting où' the elbo bono. THEATRICALS.-Notwithstanding the dull time Bendigo has two fheatrc3 at present in existcne the Royal and Nelson's Lyceum. At the Roy; the remainder of tho old company are pcrformin¡ Some few days since a pantomimo was brougl outhere called Harlequin Jupiter Olyoipus,whic considering the difficulties we necessarily lab« under in the absence of proper machinery, was vei creditably got up, nnd went off well. The intr< duetory part was written by Mr. Goorgo Fawcet and does that gentleman considerable credi Tho pirns, local allusions, hits at tho Govcrnmei and the Council, 4c, which were introduced in ti celestial conversation on Mount Olympus toi well, and drew down rounds of applause. Pal Apollo, Midas, and Mercury were banished li Imperial Jove to tho gold-fields of Au tralia ; and, in the adventures which, as Clowi Columbine, Ac, they met with on Bendigo, con sisted the gist of the pieco. The Nelson family and a very fair light corned company perform at the Lyceum, and are esti Wished favorites. I shaU notice them moro pal ticularly as occasion offers. THE ESCORT.-6021 oz. of gold and £25 casi togother with 287 ozs. 10 dwts. froa M'lvo wero forwarded by escort yesterday. The d' posits for the week were 346 ozs. 10 dwts. Sue an amount in such weather shows that old Bei digo is not exhausted yet. There has been a great and beneficial change j in the weather. It rained heavily during 'ast night and part of this morning. At present the 1 i iky is threatening. 