. - VICTORIA. BY the Hellespont we are in receipt of Melbourne journals to the 30th ultimo. _ I The following is a copy of a letter, dated the 29th ultimo, and addressed to the deputy chairman of the Australian Postal Association, London, from the secretary of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce : Sir,-I bave the honour to acknowledge receipt of vour favour of the 9ib November last, as also copy of tho pamphlet to which you refer therein. In reply. I ara de«lred by the committee of this Chamber, to ex- press their satisfaction that the subject of ooean postal communica- tion between Great Britain and theso colonies, appears to have attracted so much attention at home, and they trust that the efforts now being made both here ami there, will Bhortly produce tho desired result. I have also the instructions of the committee to inform you, that they havo not remitted their exertion» to obtain the advantages pointed out as necessary in the report which accompanied my letter of July last ¡ and that a further and more careful cineidoration of the whole subieor, Including the opinions of the Chamber of Com msree of the neighbouring colonies, as well as tho projeots your assooli'ion wa» good enough to submit, ha« satisfied them that they may safely again refer you . o that report, as containing the full extent of their present requirement". I may add that the content« of that rrroi-t bave received the sanction of a special general mci ting of this Chamber, and that at another meeting it was unanimously resolved " That the readiest means of securing efficient monthly mall communication wlih Great Britain, would be to place a sum per nnnum, far a definite, number of years, at tho disposal of the Home Government, to bo applied solely In tho fulfilment of conditions to be prescribed hy this colony ; tho ohief of which arc no iced in the report alluded to nbove. And that, in the opinion of tMs Chamber, the overlard mail via Suez, is, at present, best adapted for supplying regular postal communication between this colony and Great Britain." I havo also the plo-snre to inform thit you we shall, agreeably to your suggestion, addro«s the Lords o' the Treasury, praying the Home Government at once to afford to this colonv such a »ystcm of regular and rapid monthly mall communication with Great Britain as, they rcspeol fully sub tilt, the importance of Its general and commercial interests demands. I am also desired to state, that as it has been suggested to the oimmittee that a local committee might be esta*ilisacd for the per- formance of a portion of the service, and au they think the sug- gest n worthy of their best conriileration (though at present un- prepared tosvy whether such »theme would be practicable), they hHVd determined to invite an expression of opinion thereon from the adjoining colonies. They have also again placed themselves in communication with the head of the local Government, as alst with the Chambers of Commerce of South Australia. New Routh Wales, and Van Diemen'« Land, w ith a view of ascertaining what amount of eub-i ly each of these colonies would be disposed to contribute (in term» of report already more than once herein alluded to), to fnoilitate and ex- tend our pottal intercourse with Europe. As soon as the com- mittee have satl.flcd themselves upon these points, lt;will, again be my duty to address you. I am further roquested to inform you'thot the committee would urge your association to watch over the due performance of the existing contract for tho conveyance of the moils until a now one is initiated, as it Is currently roportcd here that the P. and 0. Company intend to abandon it unless more liberally subsided than they hnvd hitherto been. ? I am farther deslrrd to inform von that the committee have read with much Interest your project for n »epurnte service for these [colonies, via Diego Garcia. Such a projeot Is not new to this oommltteo, as you will perceive by tho accompanying pam Îinlet, of which I beg your acceptance. They fear, however, that t is not capable of being brought to any immediately satisfactory results. In conclusion, I have to repeat the thnnks of the committee for f'our co- operation in seeking for these colonies the benefit of regu. sr asd efficient monthly steam communication, and to express the boco of the* committee w hloh every day grows stronger, that a measure of such vital Importance to the commerce of England as well 08 of Australia, will not much longer bo del.iyed. Agreeable to your request I haw ooaysye'J th? thanks of the association to the editor of the Aryns, for lila efforts to p omoting a sntlsfaotory issue of this important question. From the Melbourne Morning Herald of Monday last we take tho following tributary passages in reference to the testimonial about to be presented to Mrs. Chisholm : The labours of Mrs. Chisholm for many years in the cause of colonization-not only by means of unmarried men and women, but by means of families and groups of famllie», aro well known to most people, both in theso colonies and in the mother ountry. That these labour«, however, have bren perfootly di-intercsted, is not jet sufficiently understood, and consequently, they have not been properly recognised in their true v.lue and breadth of purpose. , .... To the honor of our sister colony, a position of importance was oflWcd to Mrs. Chi=l olm, some lime since, by Iho Govcinment of Now South Wales, the »alary of which wa« toual to that of the ohief magistrate of dydncv ; and subsequently she was offerol n hnndsonee gratuity, both of which were declined by that lady on the ground that hor work was not at that early stage of her labor», sufficiently luhanced, end she thought it might injure tho character of her usefulness and limit it» oxtent beeauso it would thon be considered she was employed by tho Goi eminent What is now proposed is a testimonial from the 1'coplo of Vic-" toria of the respect and e«teem In which Mrs. Chisholm is held by the community she has long labored to advanoc-labored so profit- ably tous-t>o unprofitably In u worldly sense to herself. Her career has been remarkable for tho steady and systematic adhe- rence to principle«, the neglect of which, in other cases, ho« too often rondcred effort« directed by charity, productive of mischief; remarkable, becau'0 wide and phllanthropicsympathicshavo given strength and vitality to the dictate» of colder reason ; and because, foryearsboforeand yeirs«inoe her» ffort» have mot with roinopublio recognition, sheba» constantly and consistently pursued them, not only without seeking or jeeepting any Lind of remuneration, but at positive and constant pecuniary los«. For the »iko of our own I honour, and lo testify that wc »re prepared to pay debt« of grati- t 1 tude ti the benefactors of our country and cur race, the above < testimonl >1 has been proposed. I At a publio meeting held at the Mechanics' Institute, on the 16th I January, 'ho following resolution was moved by Richard II. I Horne, E*q, and secordsd by Lauchlan Mackinnon, _»q., " That, inasmuch as a public ben- factor should bo rewarded by the State, the Right Worshipful the Major be requested to move, in bl» place in tn Legislative Council, for a grant of twice the amount given by the people." In acenrdanoo with the above re- solution, the Mayor applied to the Legislature for an address praying his ExoMlency, the Llcutenant-Oovornor, to place the «um of £5000 upon tho estimate«, to bo presented to Mrs. Chisholm, provided £2510 «hould be subscribed by the people. The notice pi««ed the Council, the Colonial Secretary «tuting thac the Governmmt would support it. Tho following gentlemen have been appointed a» a committee to carry out the resolutions parsed at the mc ting on tht lßth Instant :-Toe Rltrht W.rshinful the Mayor of Melbourne (convener), the Hon. the Attorney-General, the Hon. the Collector of Customs, William Westgarth, Esq. ; Richard II, Horne, E«q ; II. S. Chnnman, Eeq. ; P. O'Brien, Esq., M L.C. ; F. Binnott, Esq. ; 8. M. South, Fsq. ; Lauchlnn Mackinnon, Esq.; J. P. Faulkner, Esq., M.L.C.; J. li. Bennett, E»q. ; K. J. Brodribb, E«q. ; H. J. Chnmb»r», E-q ; P. A. C. O'Farrcll, Esq. ; Ch'i'les Farewell, E-q" City Trensu-cr ; John OShinnasny, Esq., M.L.C. ; "'illlam Nicholson, Esq., M.L.O. ; J nodgson, Esq , M L.C ; J. V. F. Foster. Esq. TnciBunEn.-D. ('. M'Arthur, Esq., Bank of Australasia. HONOIUUY SECKETAIUES.-Lauohlan MacKinnon, Etq ; S. M. South, E,q. Subscriptions will be received by any member of the committee, or either of the Honorary Seoretailes. The Adelaide cowspondent of the Melbourne Argus, writing on the 23rd ult. says What wo have heaid of our expected new Governor is not par- ticularly propo-t'csslng. It appears he was advanced by EarlGrev, (without personal knowledge on his part), from tim position or Chief Justico of the Gambia to that of Governor of that colony j and subflequJMly to tho Governorship or tho Island or St. Vin- cent. In that last administration, ho »cms to have »idol strongly with the white against the coloured population of tho U'and, and have become verv unpopular amongst the negroes and mulattoc». The St.. Vincent Weekly Mirror «peaks very strongly and indig- nantly of his conduot ; but us our oases aro not tit all parallel, and there is no cliquo, even of olflcla's, worth a governor's attaching hinvelf exclusively to ; and a» wo are Jealous of our liberties, and will stand no nonsense, perhaps wo may net on well enough with Mr. R'chird Oravcs M icdonnell. Tie IH said to be a married man without family, and tho sin of tho present provost of Trinity College, Dublin; but we know nothing further respecting him, or as to I whoa he means to take possession of our Government liou-o. I No appointment of a auoocs»or to Edward Stephen ha« as yet transpired. Mr.Tinline still remain» in England, in bid health. Mr. Dixon will take the temporary mansgomont of the South Australian Banking Company durinir the interval. This Bank and the Union Rank have rcduo»d thrir rates for bill« on Emrland from 5 to 4 per cent., and buy at 2 per cent, premium* The Rank of Australasia will «eil at 3 per cent. On dit, for which we do not vouoh, that Lady Hotham, the amlabli wi'o of our Lieutonant-Governor, Is about to leave Vic- toria Immediately, in consequence of the olimate not agreeing with her ladyship. We sincerely trust thut theoaU'O of Vr leav- ing us is at least without foundation. Runnur I« also rife in «tit. tng that Sir Charle« himself oilher has or is nhontto tender lils resignation forthwith. We wish it to bo understood distinctly, that we give thean reports us rumour« only ; but that they are verv generally circulated most of our readers muat be fully aware. -Melbourne Horning Herald. BALLAARAT, January 26th.-Mr. Seekamp's conviction, owlntr to the late " rioters'" escipe», has somewhat »uritri«ed us. That the articles, raid to ho »editiou». wore rather exciting, most nrc agreed on ; hut still it remains a matt'r for «palliation, indenen dent of tho turo which affair« took, how far the artlolo» referred io aro seditious. The interpretation willoh the Crown gave to the objeitlonnblo paragraphs was oertainly over- strained. Under the second count ho i« rharved with hiving given imbil ity to thn prnspeotu« of the Reform Lcsgue ; thl« i« the real charge, lliouuh otherwise «tatod in tho indictment. If I mistake not. nourly ir not all the principal pabilo jour- nal» are equally guilty In lui« respect. Great strp»s ha» hoon laid on the "Australian flag;" this is hardly fair. The oritrin of this ft ur wa« this :-At the virinui meetings which were rudd on Bakery Hill, each nation lind its flag, a« niav be Been from tho reports of these meeline« at tho time : thus tim Union Jack, the Stars and Stripes, the Tricolor, and the flag« of Ireland, Scotland, >and Germany were p'accd around tho platform. On one or two occasions considerable lll-f^eling aro»o from the national desire to have each of these fl igs oa high pole«; yet with all their rivalry on this point, the Union Jiok wns hlgbo»t in every instance. This doe« not Indicate a iery rebelliou« »pirit; how- ever, to prevent all squnbbllae, the conmlttc« determined to huve a flag, a simple ono, to be called the. Au'traUan, under which tho whole community might meet to con'lder public matter«. There wa« nothing very warlike about tho flag : tho one belonging .to tho Anti-Convict Leigue might with far moro justice have be="n objected to, thoiuh »urh was not tho ea«c.-Mining operation» aro extremely dull. Nearly nil the gutters are wrotohodlv poor ; many of th» dcopest chinas will hardlypay more than £150 a man, or so. This poverty, however, is considered to bo b'it temporary, thnueh, a« it i«, many have suff-Tcd heavily by speculation. Tho Red Hill Line hi« thrown nil the shephord» out or their reokoning hy a new turnlnir. TM« line at present appears to bo nearly the highest in ravnur. The Gravel Pits Lino is rapidly noarlng the county of Grunt boundary, th« Yarrowor Crock on the Flat, When the creek i« passed, it will enter the county of GrenvlUe, with what result remains to be seen.-Correspondent Oeeloim Advertiser, COMMITTAL ron FOUUERY.-Wm. Jas. Hendershec, who was remanded at the City Court last week on a charge of forgery, was ncain brought up yesterday. Tho ledicr-k epcr at the London Chartered Bank attended, but his evidence threw no light upon tho transaction. The cha-ge of forgery nlone, whether the prisoner be guilty or not, seem» to rest upon very unsatisfactory ground, the alleged forgeries belne so nearly like th» nekhowledied good signatures a« to hsve deoeiv d the bank ofliola!« ; and thn prose- cutor himself, when the suspected ona» were mixed with other cheque», in deno inclng the two supposed forger!»s, Included one other or the good ones in tho «nine oa oirory. Bo-ddn* thi», the dishonoured cheques »glee with the block in prosecutor's book, as irused in the regular wav. The evidence or the witnesi Wright, however, respecting the wrl Ine- in the body of the cheque, and the prisoner writing in the invoice- book belonging to the prosecu- tor, wa« held to be »ufflclent to warrant the prisoner's comraittil, and ho was corryuiltted accordingly, but admitted to bolt m two . Burotlc» for £100 each -Argus. E-VCT.SSIVK HEAT or THE WüATitEn -Yesterday mornlnct the hot wind and excessive heat returned anti continued to nrcval1 until the-middle o' the day. As on Sunday, the wind then suddenly shifted to the wc«t,and a One brorze from the sea set in. much to the relief of tho Inhabitants of the city. A onrrespondent, writing from Heidelberg, and speaking o' the extreme head of Sandsy. gives it a« his opinion that it exceeded that of the memorable black Thurs- day, ne udds that early in the foronoin, bushfire« wero observed in ftvo different direotlon«, and that about twelve o'clock, it wa« frarcd by many that Mr. Chamber's mansion would not esc .pp. Tho banks of the Yarro, on the south sidp, wp.ro swept by a mass of durne, which at times, when fanned by th« hot wind, rose Into brilliant columns, notwithstanding the glare of the sun- The atmosphere in the locality or the fires wa» den«« with smoke, and the air generally wa« nungently impregnated with it. A« evening closed in, the bush fires had a most brilliant pffect, our corre- spondent likcninir the appearance or the burning bu«h to thnt of a larg« township well lighted in places, occasionally, ho say», tho fiery maires would throw up an Immense hodv or flame, which seemed to portend greater destruction.-Tuesday's Argus. 