DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE.' CITV COUNCIL-The next meeting of tins body takes place this day (Monday) week, foi the puipose of considering the new valuation .of piopeity within the City boundary MURDEH AND HIGHWAY BomiEUY-Samuel "Wen, alias Philip Halt, chaiged with the robbery and murder of a woman at Bendigo, was biought up at the District Court oa Satuiday, and remanded for seven days llIE BultQLAItY V.T THE IVANHOE ÏNN - AUKd, Spuing, Qço, Wood, and Jas Wilson, ino three men chaiged with burglaiy at the Ivanhoe Inn, and the particulars of who33 caso havo already appeared in the Argus, were again biought up at the District Court ou Satuiday, and woro further lemandcd to Wednesday no\t HORSESTEAMNG - Geoige Barnett, John Williams, and T Rondell were brought up at the District Court on Saturday, on a. chaigeof horsestealing The case was not gono into, and tho prisoners weie fmthof re- manded ^.ss vuLT ON A CHINAM VN -A biutal looking fellow named Charles Cunningham was brought up at the City Couit on Satuiday, on tho charge of assaulting a Chinaman The complainant was examined tlnough one of his own countrymen, an interpréta, and it appeared that his servant had hired the pri- soner s dray On the complainaut going down to the whaif some dispute arose between bim and the pusonei about the puce charged for the load, wheieupon the latter stiuck lum Violently on the head The prisoner admitted having struck the man, and was ordered to pay a hne of 20s THE LAW LIURARY or THE SUPREME COURT -It appealed from the statement niado ou the first day of last Term that the sum of £500 bad been remitted to England for the purchase of books These havo not yet arrived hut may be expected to reach this countiy ia about three or four months The numbei of volumes at present in the library is about 1000 Tho sums remitted and in hand will enablo I the Libraiy Committee to make considerable and \ aluable additions Tho following return shows tho state of the Supreme Court Libral v , Fund, to 26tll Match, 1850 Du £ i To balance in hand on fust day of last Term 107 15 " Amount of barristers feos (3) 81 10 " Amount of attorneys' foes (10) 89 5 " rino inflicted for removal of hook from library 1 1 £283 11 2 OB £ ~~B~ Bj halanco in hand .239 li KANGAROO is busier in reality than in ap- pearance, owing to the scattered condition of the remaining population : the principal dig- gings are at New Kangaroo Hill, near the old workings, and above the Italian tunnel. These aro proving very rich, washing from half an ounce to eighteen ounces to the tub. One claim, known as Charlie's, last week bot- tomed on three pounds weight of gold. The diggings are spreading towards Butcher's Hill, following a lead which trends in that direc- tion. Holes bottomed at distances of 100 feet apart prove the ground here to bo richly auri- ferous. A quartz-reef has been struck on the crown of this hill by Blackmore's company, and several fine specimens broken off. They have applied for and obtained the grant of a double claim. There is a probability that this reef is the matrix of the gold found on the original Kangaroo Hill ; many old claims are being driven with tolerable success; those payable are washing from 2 ozs. to l8 ozs. to the load. Several leads have been struck here, all trend- ing towards the Loddon, and forming a junc- tion with that on Kangaroo Hill. A littlo hill, called Wilson's Hill, on the road to Guildford, was opened a few days since, with respectable promise. About 150 persons ara engaged there. One claim at this place had a prospect of 8 dwts. to the bucket. On tho Bald Hill, facing the Loddon, claims are being marked out for tunnelling. This is a severe undertaking : at three feet in they strike the ironstone, which continues for about forty feet. Water here is plentiful and good. Mount Alexander Mail. TARRENGOWER.-The richness of the quartz reefs has received a strong confirmation through the agency of Mr. Miller, the assayer stationed at Spencer's Brighton Hotel. That gentleman has assayed quartz taken from a reef in Nuggetty Gully, and obtained from it at the rate of one hundred ounces to tho ton. Some specimens of the gold thus obtained were exhibited to us in ingots of forty or fifty ounces each, and certainly they were among the finest we over witnessed. The quartz-reefs in the neighborhood are beginning to attract tho attention they deserve. Besides the well-proved ones that already have been opened, it is said that there are at least forty in the neighborhood that afford indications of being highly auriferous. On the surface some valuable specimens have been found, and there is no doubt that there is here a field for the employment of capital, of the most favorable kind. We shall have an opportunity in a few days of reporting more at length on the qualities of these reefs; in the meantime we cannot speak too highly of the specimens assayed by Mr. Miller, whose residence at Tarrengower doubtless will be "very advantageous, to tho interests of the quartz-miner. - Mount Alexander Mail. AGRICULTURE AT BALLAARAT-It is fashion- able for new arrivals to speak of this colony as valueless except for minerals. We have ever held that agricultural occupation would, if steadily pursued, bo equally if not more remu- nerative than mining. The crops in this dis tiict prove beyond a doubt the correctness of our opinion. We yesterday saw a singlo po- tato grown in the vicinity of Ballaarat which weighed nearly two pounds, and we under- stand this is only an infant when compared with others from the same locality, some of which weigh upwards of five pounds. The prolific yield throughout this district is truly nstonishiug, from seven to ten tons per acre being the average. Such facts require no com- ment.- Ballaarat Times, 1st inst. BUSH-FIRE.-The woolshed on Mr. Ellis's etation, Inverquharity, was burnt down last Wednesday. The damage done is estimated at £1000. An investigation into the origin of the fire will be held this day, at Hamilton. Portland Guardian, 31st ult. I AN OLD IMPOSTOR.-An elderly man, only liberated the previous morning, was brought np at the City Court on Friday, charged by G. P. Clifford with attempting a fraud. Mr. Clifford stated that he was the secretary of ?the fire-brigades, and on the previous evening, after the lire on the Wharf had been extin- guished, the prisoner took off his coat and presented himself for payment, alleging that Lo had been at work at the engine, A police constable, who was watching the prisoner, prevented bim (witness) from paying him anything. As the prisoner had not received any money, the Bench discharged him with a caution to leave the town. Mr. Clifford stated that fire-engine managers aro constantly being imposed upon by idle, dissolute fellows in this XL anner, and that, although there is frequently a difficulty in obtaining a sufficient number of hands to work the engines, still, when the time for payment comes, the place is thronged. THE BENEVOLENT BALL, PORTLAND.-The fmblic ball in aid of the funds of the Port and Benevolent Society came off on Wed- nesday evening last. It was an event that had been looked forward to with great in- terest, as an experiment quite new in this town, of a comprehensive sott of social gathering, and we are happy to report that tho experiment was successful to a degree beyond the most sanguine expectation. There were moro than 150 persons present, aud amongst this large attendance, universal satisfaction, harmony, and good order pre- vailed. On all hands we hear the ball highly Bpoken of. It is in every one's mouth that there has not been any previous ball in Port- land go off with so much eclat. Tho whole arrangements,-tho conduct of the ball, the furnishing of the refreshment-table, the de- coration of tho room, the music, the recep- tion of tho guests, all testified highly in favor of the stewards of the ball; the lady com- mittee who provided the refreshments, and the gooel taste of tho whole company. Tho largo wool store of Messrs. Henty, Lear- month, and Co., in which the ball was held, was tastefully decorated with evergreens and flags. A curtain divided off' a large portion of the store for a supper-room, the rest left for dancing, being about seventy feet long, seated all round with sofas, couches, forms, &c.; At ßupper-time the curtain was drawn up, and there was displayed a large extent of table, loaded with every kind of refreshment: pastry, fruit of all kinds, sweetmeats in variety, and the more substantial provision of sandwiches abounded. The whole of these refreshments were provided gratui- tously by the ladies, the only expense to tho funds being for the wines and various kinds of refreshing drinks. The taste ns well as hospitality of the ladies' committee who had BO generously undertaken this duty excited the admiration of the whole company, and at the conclusion of the night's entertain- ment the gentlemen did not forset a due ae knowl¿i¡S-neu* *9 t'h<? lady friends of tho îball. A brass band, engaged for the occasion, supplied the musical requirements of \\\% .evoning. A large number of t£u company* kept it up till daylight in the morning/so much gratified were they with the evening amusement as to be loth to part.-Portland Guardian, 3ist ult. ASSAULTING A SENTRY.-Alexander M'Donald was charged at the City Court on Saturday with assaulting Thomas Butler, a soldier of the 40th, while on duty at the Government House. The prisoner, it appeared, was creatin<* a disturbance outsido tho Government House on tho previous day, and on being ordered to move on hythe sentry he turnee! about and seized him, and attempted to choke him. Tho prisoner, who is an elderly man, stated that be had a wife and family, but made, no de- fence for his outrageous conduct. The Beach Bontenced him to one month's impiisou^ ment. g POLICE FORCE-ALTERATION OP TITLES. Inspectors of Police are now called Superin- tendents ; Sub-inspectors aro changed to inspectors, and Lieutenants to Sub-Inspectors. Non-commissioned officers are also altered as follows ¡-Sergeants to first-class sergeants and acting-sergeants to second-class sergeants THE TIIKATRE ROYAL DISTURBANCE.-David ^ViP10/?.1?' äuipl)ing ftSeut> was brought up at the City Court on Saturday, on remand on the charge of assaulting Mr. Marsack, a clerk in the office of Mr. Bencraft, solicitor. The woman who tore the £10 note which the prisoner held in his hand was called, but altogether denied having pointed out Mr. Marsack as a person who would take her part, as alleged by tho prisoner's witnesses. The Bench expressed a decided opinion that the prisoner had been mistaken in his attack upon Mr. Marsack, and that that gentleman was altogether innocent in the matter. They found the prisoner guilty of an assault, and inflicted a penalty of £2, with £5 costs, PRAHRAN and Sr. KILDA CHORAL "SOCÏETY. -A meeting was held in the Church of Eng- land School-room, Prahran, on March Slaf for the purpose of establishing a society of the aboye name, a good company beins nrc Ä 3he ECV- Í- H' ?rc»ory being cafleS to the chair, a number of rules whiclThad been drawn up by a committee appointed tho pre Vious week at a preliminary meoting were then submitted and approved. More than thirty members gave in their names. Tho time and place of meeting are each Mondav evening, half-past seven, at Church of Ens land School-room, Prahran, which has been kindly granted forth» uso of theBOcietv bv the trustees of the building. BOClcIJr *>y LECTURE ON CHEMISTRY.-Dr. Mocadnm <!« livers the first of a course of six lectures on Chemistry at the Mechanics'I^titSthS evening. The lecture will particularly hav« reference to ' Perseverance and success in the pursuit of science illustrated in the life and labors of Sir Humphrey Davy," and will be illustrated by exponmontB. rmu8 GAOL RETURNS-Tho following return rtiows tho condition of the Mebourne gaols for the week ending Friday April 4th, 1856 -Central gaol-For trial. 12 under magia trates remapd 12 m stations 2 , under sen tence death I road gang 43 hard labor 50 imprisonment 28 men and 3 women debtors, 6 total 154 men and 3 women Thero havo been received duung tht week 66 prisoners, and discharged 31 Eastern lull gaol-Hard loboi 1 laboi in gaol 10 imprisonment 1 rtmauded 7 lunatics 21 destitute 7 total 53 CAN THE PEACE or EUROPE BE PLACED OW A PERMANENT B v.sis WITHOUT FIRST SECURES» THL INDE! FNDENCB OP TUE OPPRESSED N\ TioNALiTits9-Ibis question we observe, is to be debated befoie tho Tempe- rance and General Debating Society this evening Mr Macgregor to opea the debate at eight o clock Wo conft dentlj anticipate tins intciesting and import ant question will attiact a laige and intelli- gent audience tho public being admitted freo of chaige ANSUVL IJICENSINO MEETIVG-The annual licensing meeting of the city of Melbourne will be held in the City Police Court on Tuesday, the 15th inst MLFHNGS-The following meetings hava been announced to take place to day -A mu- nicipal meeting at Williamstown at 7 p m , the annual gcneril meeting of tho Chamber of Conuneice at half past 2pm a special gincial meeting of the Hobson s Bay Railway Companj at 11 am a meeting of subscríbela to tho South Yal ra Church at thelron School- house 1 unt load at 7 p m and a meeting of plasteieis on the eight hours question at the Belvidere Hotel Brunswick street, at 8 pin CREVIOUNE GARDENS-The entertainments at the gar lens this evening are for the benefit o Mi Kennedy the mister of ceremonies The order which this very efficient func- tionary maintains in his department has Tendered him au invaluable assistant to tho management while the couitesy which ho lins nnaiiably manifested in the exercise of the difficult duties of his office has made him populai with v. îsitors RLI IIRSENTATIOV OF B vxLAARAT -When re prest nt itiou was accorded to us Ballaara tian would be candidates weie as plentiful as blackberncs yet when the tune for the said candidates was forthcoming they were not It is rumored that we aro again to bo similarly treated at least in so far as canvass nig is concerned We only wish that there may be a contested election it will furnish us with some fun if nothing better-The Star 