BLACK THURSDAY. (From Household Words.) * As tho voyager approaches the shores of Vic- toria, the first welcome land which greets him is the hold promontory of Cope Otway. If it he at night, the blaze from the light- house on its southern point sends him its cheering welcome for many a league across the ocean which he has so long traversed," in expectation, and calla forth rapturous hurrahs from the throng of passengers who' crowd to the forecastle. If it be day, the eye rests on its lofty forest hills with a quiet and singular delight. These heights fully respond to the ideal of a new land only recently peopled. Clothed with forests from the mar- gin of the sea to their very summits, they realise vividly tho approach to a vast region of primieval nature. The tall white stems of the gum-trees stand thickly side by side like BO many hoary columns ; and here and there amongst them descend dark ravines; while idles of rocks on the heights, alternating with jagged chines and projecting spurs of the mountains, present their solitary masses to the breeze of ocean. Amongst tho rocks of this wild shore there are sea-caves of vast extent and solemn aspect, which have never yet been thoroughly explored. The forest, extending fifty miles or more in all directions, is one of the most dense and savage in the whole colony. Until lately it was almost impassable from the density of tho scrub, and from the thick masses of vines (that is lianas, or creeping cord-like plants, chiefly parasitical) which, as in the forests of South America, climb from tree to tree, knitting the woods into an obscure and impenetrable shade. Excepting along the track from mr Roadknight's station, near the sources of the Barwon, through the heart of the forest to Apollo Bay, a distance of forty miles, you might cut your way with an axe, but would find it difficult to make progress otherwise. The greater part of the promontory- consisting of steep hills covered with gigantic trees inter- sected by sholving valleys, and dark with congregated fern-trees, beetling precipices, and stony declivities-affords no food for cattle. In one day, however, known to the colonists as Black Thursday, a hurricane of flame opened its rude and impracticable wil- dernesses to the foot of man: but presented him, at the samo time, with a black and blasted claos of charred trees, and gigantic fallen trunks and branches. It was in this forest, in the early morning of this memorable day, the 6th of February, 1851, that a young man opened his eyes and sat up to look about him. He had, the day before, driven a herd of fifty bullocks from the station of Mr. Roadknight thus far on his way towards his own residence in the country, between Lake Corangamite and Mount Gellibrand. He had reached at evening a small grassy valley in the outskirts of the forest watered by a creek falling into the western Barwon and had there paused for the night. His mob of cattle, tired and hungry, were not inclined to stray from tho rich pasturage before them; and, hobbling out his splendid black horse Sor- cerer, he prepared to pass the night in the simple fashion of the settler on such journeys. A fallen log supplied him with a convenient seat, a fire was quickly lit from the dead boughs which lay plentifully around, and his quart-pot, replenished at the creek, was soon hissing and bubbling with its side thrust into tho glowing fire. He had a good store of kangaroo-sandwiches, and there ho sat with his cup of strong bush-tea ; looking alternately at the grazing cattle, and into the solemn, gloomy, and soundless woods, in which even the laughing jackass failed to shout his clamorous adieu to the falling day. Only the distant monotone of the morepork - the nocturnal cuckoo of the Australian wilds -reached his ear, making the profound solitude still more ' solitarv. He very soon rolled himself in his travelling-rug, and flung himself down before the fire-having pre- viously piled a fresh supply of timber upon it -near where his trusty dogs lay, and where Sorcerer, in the favorite fashion of the bush horse, slept as he stood. The morning was hushed and breathless; Instead of that bracing chill with which the Australian lodger out of doors generally wakes up, Robert Patterson found the perspiration standing thick on his face, and he felt a strange longing for a deep breath of fresh air: But motion there was none, except in the little creek which trickled with a fresh and inviting aspect at a few yards from him. He arose, and stripping, plunged into the deepest spot of it that he could find; and thus re- freshed, rekindled his fire, and made his soli- tary breakfast. But all around him hung, as it were, a leaden and death- like heaviness. Not a bough nor a blade of grass was moved by the air. The trees stood inanimately moody and sullen. He cast his eyes through the gloomy shadow beneath them, and a sultry suffocating density seemed to charge the atmosphere. The sky above him was dimmed by a grey haze. "There is something in the wind to-day, old fellow," he said, addressing his horse in his usual way; for he had long looked on him as a companion, and firmly believed that he un- derstood all that he said to him. " There is something in the wind: yet, where is the wind ?" The perspiration streamed from him with the mere exertion of saddling his horse, and as he mounted him to rouse up his cattle Horse, dogs, and cattle manifested a listless- ness that only an extraordinary condition of the atmosphere could produce, If you had seen the tall, handsome young man seated on his tall and noble horse, you would have felt that they were together formed for any ex ploit of strength and speed. But the whole troop -cattle, man, and horse-went slowly and soberly along, as if they were oppressed by a great fatigue or the extreme exhaustion of famine. The forest closed in upon them again, and they proceeded along a narrow track, flanked on each side by tall and densely-growning trees ; the creeping vines making of the whole forest one intricate, impenetrable scene. All was hushed as at midnight. No bird enlivened the solitude by its cries, and they had left the little stream. Suddenly there came a puff of air ; but it was like the air from the jaws of a furnace, hot, dry, withering in its very touch The young settler looked quickly in the direc- tion from which it came, and instantly shouted to the cattle before him, in a wild, abrupt startling shout, swung aloft the stock-whip which he held in his hand, and brought it down with the report of a pistol, and the sharp cut as with a knife, on the ear of the huge bullock just before him. The stock whip, with a handle about a half a yard long and a thong of three yards long, of platted buliock-hide, is a terrible instrument in the hands of a practised stockman. Its sound is the note of terror to the cattle : it is like the report of a blunderbuss, and the stockman at full gallop will hit any given spot on the beast that he is within reach of, and cut the piece clean away through the thickest hide that bull or bison ever wore. He will strike a fly on a spot of mud at full speed and take away the skin with him, making the rosy blood spring into the wind, and the astonished animal dart forward as if mad. Loud and louder, wilder and moree fie reel; 'shouted the squatter, and dashed his hors " forward over fallen trees ; through crasl ' ing thickets, first on one side of tho road, an 'then on the other. Crack, crack went th stinging, slashing whip; loud was tho bar of dogs ; and the mob of cattlo rushed foi wards at headlong speed. The young ma gazed upward : and, through tho only narro' opening of tho forest saw strange volum; of smoko rolling southward. Hotter, hotte stronger and more steadily carno the wini He suddenly checked his horse, and listenin frew pale at the sound which reached hin t was a low doop roar, as of a wind in th tree-tops, or of a heavy waterfall, distant, an smothered in some deep ravine "God havo mercy!" he exclaimed: bush-fire 1 and in this thick forest!" One moro ho sprang forward, shouting, thunde ing with his whip. He and the herd wei galloping along the narrow wood track. Bu \- as he had turned westward in the directio ? of his homo, the woods-of which ho ha before seen the boundary-now closed ft some miles upon him: and, as ho could ni , turn right or loft for the chaos of vines an ecrub that obstructed the forest, the idea 1 being overtaken there by the bush-fire w¿ horrible. Such an event would be death, an death only. \- Therefore bo urged on his flying hord wit desperation. Crack upon craok from h long whip resounded through the hollo wood. The cattle themselves seemed to he; the ominous sound, and sniff ,the now atronglyi perceptible smell of burning. The roar-*or the uro came louder, nnd ever and anoi Beemed to swell and surge as if urged on by a rough rising blast. Tl.o heat was fierce Un I tuflooating. The young squatter's clothe) ching to him with st learning perspiration. Tho horse and cattle steamed and smoko! i with boiling heat. Yet onward, onwaid they dashed with lolling tongues. Sorcerer, specked with patches of foam on his dark shining body, seemed to glow huiously impatient of the obstruction offered by the bullocks in his path. As his master's whip exploded oa their flanks, he laid hack his ears ; and with flaming eyeballs and bared teeth, strove to tear them in his rogo. Robert Patterson know that the extraordi- nary heat and drought of the summer had scoiched up the grass-the very ground; hil lkkcd up the water from crab- hole, pool, aud many a creek ; had withered the herbage into cilsp hay, and so wlthorcd the foliage -that you might crumble it between your .hngois. Tho country seemed thoroughly \- prepared for a conflagration, and only ra ' .quired this fioiy wind to send a blaze of ex- termination over the whole land. For weeks, iiiiy months, the shepherds and sawyen had sicken of fires burning in the hills; and in the tern tree breaks of this very forest ho h vi been recently told that flames had boon oV Bfrved in vaiious directions burning redly by night. If the firo had reached him nnd his hard Lefoie they escaped into the opeh plains, tkoy must he consumed like stubble. The oittlo hi gan to bhow signs of exhaustion, hangiug; out their paicliid tongues, and panting heavily ; the persphation on himself'and hoiso was dried up by the awful hcat.'and Wig dogs ran silently, or only whining lowly io themselves, as they hunted every hollow on their way .for water. Suddenly they wore out iu an open plain, yot with the forest on oithet hand, but at a considerable distance. What a scene! The woods were flaming and crackling In one illimitable conflagration, The wind, dashing from tho north in gusts ol inconceivable heat, seemed to sere the verji fuco and shrivel up tho lungs. The fire leaped fiom tree to tree, flashing and roarinc along with tho speed and the destructivoue3l of ,liahtning. Tho sore foliage seemed te Blatch the fire, and to perish in it in a riol of demoniacal revelry. On it flew, fast as tin fleetest horse could gallop; and consumim acres of loaves in a momont, still remained te rngo and roar amongst the branches and it iho hollow stems of ancient trees. The wholi .wood on the loft was an onoimous region o intcnhcst flame ; and that on the right sen1 forth the sounds of the same ravaging fires but, being to windward, the flames could no he seon for the vast clouds of smoke, mingloi with fisry sparks, which were rolled on thi air. There was a sound as of thunder, mia gled with the orash of falling trees, aud tlr wildcriesof legionsof birds of all kinds, whlo! foil Bcorched and blackened and dead to thi ground. Once out on this open plain the cattlo wor I speedily lost in tho blinding ocean of smoke und the young settler, obliged to abaudoi them, made a dash onwnid for his life. Nov the flames came racing along the grass witl the speed of the wind, and mowing all smootl as a pavement; now it tore furiously througl porno near point of tho forest, and flua burning ashes and tangles of blazing bar! upon the galloping rider. But Soiceier, wit! nu instinct more iniiillible than luman saga city, bpud on, over thicket, and stono, au fallen tree, snorting in the thick masses c smoke, and stretching forward his gaping jaus ns to catch every breath of air to sustai impeded respiration. When the wind veered, tho reek drive butUward, revealed a most amazing BCOUI The blaaing skirts of the forests; huge U< lated trees, glailng red-standing columns i Aro : here a vast troop of wild horses with flj Ing manes and tails, rushing with thunderin hoofs over the plain: there herds of catt! running with bloodshot eyes and hangln tongues they knew not wither, from ti urea ; troops of kangaroos leaping frantiooll HCiosJ the rider's path, thoir hair singed an giving out strongly the stench of fire ; birc of all kinds and colors shrieking piteously ( they drove wildly by, nnd yet saw no spot i snfety; thousands of sheep standing huddle in terror on the Bcorched flats, with singe wool, deserted by their shepherds, who hu lied for their lives. . Butouwnrd flew tho inticpid Sorcerer, oi ward Btretobed his rider, thinking lightnia winged thoughts of hpme, und of his holplei paralysed mother there. With a caution inspired by former ou breaks of bush-fires, ho had made at sou distanco round his homestead a baro circl Ho had foiled the forest-trees, leaving on One here and theio,\ at such distances th thero was little fear, of ignition. As ti summer driod tho grasSj he had set firo it on days whon the wind was,gentle enouj to leave the flaincTafr-conmiand ; watchiu hianoh in hand, to boat out any Mano th might have travelled into.the forest. I tliiB moana ho had bithoi to. prevented t fire horn reaching his homestead; and '. had btiongly recommended the same plan his neighbours, though generally with Uti iffect. Now tho fire was so terrible, ai ip.irksjjew BO »ide on tho wind, that lcnrcdilhey might kindle the grass round li homcsfi ad, and that he might find ovorythi and evoi v poison there consumed. But, behold! the gleaming, welcome wat of Lalee Colac. Sorcerer lushed hoadlo towards it ; and wading hastily up to 1 Eides in its cooling flood, thrust his ho to the eyes into it, and drank as if could novar bo satisfied with less than t whole lake. Englishmon, new to the sooi would have trembled foi the horse; but t bueh steed knows best what he needs, ei aud drinks as likes bim best, and fiourisl on it. Smoking hot, the rider lets him dri his fill, and all goes well. The heat p duces peispiration, and tho evaporation co and soothes him. Robert Patterson did i lose a moment In following Sorcerer's exa plo. lie flung himself headlong from t saddle, dressed as ho was, dived, and splasb and drank exuberantly. He held again a again his smarting face and singed hands the delicious water ; thon threw it over I steed, that now, satiated, stood panting the flood. He laved and rubbed down I grateful animal with wave after wavo, oloi mg the dried peispiration from every hi giving him refreshment at every pore. TI up and away again. Ho had not ridden two hundred yards foro he saw, lying on the plain, a horso ti had füllen in saddle and bridle, and lay w his legs under him, and head stretched sti forward, with glaring eyeballs, but do Near him was a man, alive, but sunk in hauetion. His eyes turned wildly on young squatter, and his paiched lips moy but without a sound. Robert Patterson cc prehended his need, and, running to tho In brought his pannikin full of water, and i it to his mouth. It was the water of life him. His voice and some degree of atron came quickly back. Ho had come from noith, and had ridden a race with tho Í till horse and man had dropped here, horse never to rise again. But Pattorse need was too urgent for delay. He found man had no lack of provisions ; he can him in his arms to tho margin of the lo mounted, and rode on. As he galloped forward, it was still fit fire everywhere. He felt convinced t the conflagration-fanned bjr the str< wind, and acting upon fires in a bund quarters-extended over the whole sun-di colony. It was still early noon, when, with strain eyes, and a heart which seemed almost to sti still with a terrible anxiety, he came near own homo. Ho darted over the brow o hill-there it lay safe I The circle within oleaied boundary was untouched by tho ; Thero were his paddocks, his cattlo, his h and home. With a lightning thought thanks flew up to heaven, and he was next moment at his door, in his houso, in mother's arms. 