LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday, Apbel 1. The Speakeb took the chair at 2 o'clock. BETEBINO PENSIONS. Mr. BLYTH had a question to ask -which the hon. Colonial Secretary could probably answer immediately^ " U hot, "Hie "would give notice of it in the usual way:— " Whether H. B. Wigley, Esq., John Ilanoc, Esq., M. . MoorhooBC, Esq, and O.K. Barnard, Esq., have claimed under the Superannuation Fund since this House gave \ leave Tor the introduction of a Bill to Tcpeal the stud Fand, and -if the •Government have favourably enter tained their applications." Mr.; FORSTER suggested the addition of the enquiry whether any other persons had made similar applications. .Mr. BLYTH included this in his question. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said that Mr. Wigley, Mi'. Hance, and Mr. Moorhouse had claimed under the Superannuation Fund, and .that Mr. Tolmer had sent in a similar claim, which was under consideration. He had heard of no other applications. There might possibly be more; but if so, tbey bad not at present come to his knowledge. Mr. BLYTH remarked that the last part of his question remained unanswered—whether j the Government have favourably entertained the applications ? j The COLONIAL SECRETARY replied that the Government, had no option in the matter. The Act provided that officers claiming, under certain circumstances, to be placed upon the list, should be placed upon it. It gave the Government no discretion. HOURS OF BUSINESS. The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid on the table a circular addressed by order of the Governor to the various public departments on the subject of office hours. Ordered to be printed. ODDFELLOWSHTP. The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid on the table certain returns relative to Oddfellows' Societies. Mr. BARER asked bow many of those societies were in possession of their deeds, and how many had been detained by the Crown Solicitor. He put the question on account of a letter he had received from the Britannia Lodge, at Mount Barker, complaining of delay on the part of that officer. He thought it hard that any delay should arise when the law com pelled them to send in their deeds for examina tion, and the Crown Solicitor received a fee, \- over and above his salary, for their perusal He wonld also ask what steps had been taken ■ to bring up the arrears of the Crown Solicitor's office, which, as he understood, were very con siderable. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said the returns he had laid on the table were mere balance-sheets of the various societies, and con tained every information on the subject to which an hon. member had referred. He hoped such arrangements would shortly be made as would prevent any further arrears in the Crown Solicitor's office. Mr. BARER remembered that the deeds in question had been in the Crown Solicitor's hands for 18 months. REPLIES TO ADDRESSES. Mr. BLYTH asked how it was that no reply had been received to the address to His Excellency No. 14. The COLONIAL SECRETAY laid the reply on the table, and it was ordered to be printed. REAL ESTATE DESCENT BILL. On the order of the day being read for the House to go into Committee on this Bill, The ADVOCATE-GENERAL moved that the Committee be postponed for a week. He did not see the lion, member for Light in his place, and he was anxious also, before proceed ing with the Bill, to lay upon the table another Bui, which he had in preparation, relative to administrations. Committee postponed to Tuesday next. CATTLE BRANDING. The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid on the table a Bill intituled " An Act to make further provision for the Branding and Registration of Cattle." Read a first time, and ordered to be read a second time on Thursday next. RAILWAY AND ELECTRIC TELE GRAPH PROTECTION BILL. The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid on the table a Bill intituled " An Act to make provi sion for the more effectual protection of Rail ways and Electric Telegraphs." Read a first time, and the second reading fixed for Thursday next. SUPREME COURT PROCEDURE BILL. In Committee. The remaining clauses, commencing at the 49th, were passed as read, with the exception of a verbal amendment in the 62nd, namely, the addition of the words " at Westminster" after the words " Court of Queen's Bench." The House resumed, the report was brought up, and the third reading of the Bill was fixed for Tuesday next. WATERWORKS. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL brought up the report of the Select Committee on Water Supply and Drainage, which was read and ordered to be printed. SOOTH AUSTRALIAN RAILWAY BILL. In Committee. Clause 10. " Governor may advance moneys to be repaid." The COLONIAL SECRETARY proposed as an amendment that the words " the purposes of this Act" be struck out, aud the words " construction of the Adelaide City and Port Railway" be substituted. Mr. HUGHES enquired how long the Port Railway Undertakers would be allowed to re main in office. He thought they should at least do so long enough to enable them to render an account of their stewardship—per haps about three months. It seemed to him by the wording of the clause that the Govern ment could only hand the money over to the South Australian Railway Commissioners, and not to the present Board of Undertakers. The COLONIAL SECRETARY was about to propose the insertion of a clause giving power to the Undertakers to remain in office for three or six months, as might seem, fit to the Council But he wonld reserve the 10th clause, as it certainly might, in its present form, preclude the handing over of the money to the present Board of Undertakers, and such was certainly not the intention of the Govern ment. He moved that the Comrdttee adjourn, and ask leave to sit again. The House resumed, and the report was brought up, and leave was given to the Com mittee to sit again on Tuesday next. INSOLVENT COMMISSIONERS. The A Ttvon A TE-GENTHR A T. laid upon the table a Bill intituled " An Act to enable any Commissioner of Insolvency, although not named: in the fiat, to prosecute the same, and to carry out the provisions of the Act." He intended moving that it be read a first time that day, and on the next day he should ask the House to set aside the Standing Orders so as topass. it at once into law; for at pre sent the whole insolvency business of the province was standing still for want of the passingof the measure. The Bill was read a first time, THE ESTIMATES. Mr. BAKEE asked "when the Estimates would be laid oil thetable. He also enquired what was jtheresult of the first quarter's revenue. He also mentioned -that he was only waiting the completion of the printing of the evidence in order to lay upon the table the final report of the Committee. The COLONIAL SECRETARY had hoped j to have been able to have laid the Estimates on the table: that day, but the necessary consideration of the .Committee's report had made it impossible. The Govern ment was; .anxious, as far as possible, to iidaipt the' Estimates to the report; but some time was unavoidably occupied in doing so. In answer to the second part of the hon. member's question he would state that the receipts for the first quarter of the present year were as follow:— Ordinary Revenue £62,451 17 0 Land Fond Revenue 62,464 15 6 Total... £101,916 12 6 The amount standing under the second head consisted of— Land Sales £50,039 18 0 Other sources of Land Revenue ... 2,424 17 6 £52,464 15 6 Mr. BAEEE asked the Colonial Secretary if he could favour the House with the various items under the head of Ordinary EevCnue. The COLONIAL S E CRE T AllY read them as follows:— Customs' ... .' ,£34,802 13 - Harbour Dues ... 630 0 8 Bentit ex&usive; of lands 658 0 0 Licences, viz.,— "Auctioneers 145 O Publicans ■ ... 8,475 O - Storekeepers 250 0 0 . Custom-Houie agents 250 O Wine and beer sellers... .. 48 O Appraisers ... 25 O Pawnbrokers ... ... ... jq q , Carriages 67 11 - Taxes _. ... ... , ... ... 2,007 17 11 Fines, forfeitures, and fees of Court ... 1,683 19 7 ' Fees of office.**1 . ..; ... ... 2,013 12 8 ' SalesofGovernment-property ... ~ us 2 8 Electric Telegraph 10 9 8 Traffic Goolwa Railway 640 3 3 Reimbursements in ud of expenses in curred ... 71911 JfisoftlliinsoBS receipts ... 16312 7 SCAB IN SHEEP ACT. A Bill to amend this Act was laid on the table, read a first time, and the second reading made an Order of the Bay for Xnesday next. -CIVIL SERVICE BILL. The COLONIAL SECRETARY laid on the table a Bill "To make more effectual Pro vision for the Retirement of Officers from the Civil Service." The Bill was read a first time, and the second reading made an Order of the Day for Thursday next. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL laid upon the table a Bill to Establish and Incorporate an Institution to be called the South Australian Institute. It was read a first time, and the second reading made an Order of the Day for Tuesday next. House adjourned until 2 o'clock next day. ■Wednesday, Aran, 2. The Speaker took the chair at 2 o'clock. MR. TOLMER'S CASE. Mr. REYNOLDS presented apetitionfrom Mr. Tolmer, late Superintendent of Police, of which the following is a copy:— "The memorial of the undersigned, Alexander Tolmer, late Superintendent of .the Police of the said Pro vince, " Humbly ehoweth— "That, on or about the 5th day of February last, it was intimated to him by the Commissioner of Police, under instructions from the Government, that the office of Superintendent wiuld be abolished. "That your memorialist thereupon addressed a letter to the Commissioner requesting him to forward to His Excellency the Governor-in-Chief his application for the office of Senior Inspector in the Mounted Police, which said application was returned to him by the Com missioner. "That, subsequently, a public meeting- was held at the Exchange, which resulted in a memorial to ITIr Ex cellency, requesting the re-appointment of your memorial ist to the office of Superintendent or some other suitable employment. 'That His Excellency, in replying- to the deputation appointed at the public meeting, intimated that he con ceived it due to your memorialist to state that the office lately held by him was simply abolished, and thnt, not having received any notification of His Excellency's dis pleasure at any part of his conduct* entitled lilm to His Excellency'6 public declaration to that effect; for that your memorialist stood in a position entirely different from that of a public servant who had been dismissed; Utc fnr-f Ti#»r n/ldfu? flifit tfvnnrmomfiri'ilist and His Excellency further added that if your memorialist sought public employment he was invited to do so with out delay. "That in consequence of the foregoing favourable expression your memorialist renewed his application for the office of Inspector on the 20th ultimo, at the same time pointing out his necessitous circumstances, lie ceiving no reply to your memorialist's application up to yesterday, he addressed asccond letter to His Excellency, referring him to hi« former communication, aud stating that being still without a reply he solicited to be placed upon the superannuation list. "That on the same day your memorialist received a letter from the hon. the Colonial Secretary, enclosing two communications, one from the late Inspector Hutton, dated 12th February, 1356, and the other from Inspector Eeid, without date, preferring against your memorialist " arge of having given false evidence before a Select the charge < Committee of your Honourable House, and intimating His Excellency's disinclination to find any suitalnc em ployment for your memorialist until the charges therein advanced were replied to. "Your memorialist believes and respectfully submits that the appointment of a Select Committee by your Honourable House to enquire into the Police Department, in accordance with the recommendation of the Select Committte on the Estimates, would be the only means of thoroughly investigating these charges and other matters affecting the discipline of the Police Department. " Yoor memorialist therefore prays that a Select Com mittee of your Honourable House may be appointed accordingly to investigate the same. 1 " And your memorialist will ever pray, " Alkx. ToLirnit. "1st April, 1856." Received, read, and ordered to be printed. THE WELLINGTON FERRY. Mr. HART presented a petition from 33 inhabitants of the township of Wellington, on the River Murray, praying for increased facilities vrith reference to the ferry. Received and read. PETITION FROM MR. MILNE. Mr. BAKER presented a petition from Mr. Robert Lyon Milne, praying for the advance of a sum of £35,000 for the construction of the North Arm-road aud the Port Elliot Break water, and undertaking to sacrifice a part of his private resources for the purpose of giving good and sufficient security for the payment of the same. The petitioner further offered to lay out £100,000 from liis private means for the erection of a Custom-House at Port Ade laide. He desired the advance made at the rate of £5,000 per month. Received and read. Mr. BAKER also laid upon the table a plan supplied by Mr. Milne illustrative of liis views at the North Arm. MR. GREIG'S CLAIM. Mr. BLYTH referred to the notice standing in his name, and remarked that as the petition was drawn up by the petitioner himself, it might not be very distinct in its statements; he should move, however, that it be read. He had not moved for its being printed, as the office was very full at the time of its presenta tion. The petition was then read, complaining of the alteration of the plans at the Land Office, in consequence of which a road had been run through his Sections, Nos. 6200, 6293, and 6201, at Gumeracha. Mr. BLXXH moved for the appointment of a Select Committee to enquire into and report upon the statements made in a petition from Alexander Greig, of Gumeracha, presented to the Council by liim. Mr. BAGOT seconded the motion. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL scarcely thought a Select Committee of that House the most proper tribunal for the settlement of a boundary line. There was no disposition to refuse Mr. Greig compensation for any injuiy he might have sustained, but the roads he j complained of were laid down before he en- i closed Ms section, and lie was warned at the time that he was putting np Ms fence upon the wrong line. It was 136 links out of the straight line, and would give him upwards of two acres more than he was entitled to. He had nobody but himself to blame if he had fenced a part of his neighbour's land. At all events, the question was one for a court of law. Mr. FOES TEE. feared the affirmation of the motion would lead to many inconveniences. He had no desire to prevent the House being appealed to in the last resort, but it ought not to be troubled in cases lite the present. He objected also to affirming the motion at pre sent, as the memorial had not been printed, and he did not think there was such an amount of business as would have led to tbe omission. Again, there was no correspondence accompa nying the memorial, and the petitioner did not even allege that he had vainly applied for redress to the Government. He would, there fore, suggest the propriety of the motion heing i withdrawn till the memorial had been printed, and till it was shown that the memorialist had been unable to get justice from the Go vernment. He really did not think the expense of removing seventy yards of fencing a fit sub ject lbr the interference of the House, unless j some matter of principle were involved. j Mr. BLYTH had not moved for the print- ! ing of the memorial for the reason he had | mentioned. He could state that there had been a lengthened correspondence with the Government upon the subject. He would rather leave the matter to the decision of the House. The motion was lost witliouta division. STATION AT WOODVILLE. Mr. SCOTT withdrew his notice on this subject, as he believed the matter was already in course of settlement. TREATMENT OF LUNATICS. Mr. REYNOLDS moved that the report of I the Select Committee on the Treatment of Lunatics be read. This having been done, the hon. member moved, pursuant to notice, that the report be adopted. He remarked that the evidence had been for some time before the House, and no doubt hon. members had made themselves acquainted with it. All necessary persons, he believed, had been examined, and it had been thought requisite to take the testi mony of the prisoners. The Keeper of the Gaol had endeavoured to throw some blame upon the keeper of lunatics at the Gaol, but liis evidence was not entirely consistent with itself. The horn member read several extracts from the evidence, principally relating to the case of the deceased lunatic Buxton. There appeared to have been a misapprehension as to whose care the unfortunate man was under, neither the Keeper of the Gaol, the head turnkey, nor the keeper of lunatics acknowledging the responsi bility. In his opinion theresponsibility lay be tween the Keeper of the Gaol and the Colonial Surgeon, who, had there been an inquest, would have been subject, lie doubted not, to severe reprimands, if they had not even been indicted for manslaughter as having accelerated the unfortunate man's death by neglect. Some information had been given, to several mem bers of the Committee by the keeper of lunatics at the Gaol, which led to the enquiry into the treatment of lunatics, and it was a fret worthy of notice that he was shortly afterwards dismissed at a moment's notice, upon the very singular plea that his writing was not legible. It was said that the Auditor-General objected to his writing, but be could baldly understand that statement, inasmuch as it appeared to have been before that officer for several successive months pi vionsly. Since that he had applied for a ph in the police, and had been refused upon the ground of his having been dismissed from the Gaol; so that, on.no other plea than the bad ness of his writing, he was placed in the posi tion of a man with a blemished character. Mr. BAGOT seconded the motion, though he could not agree with all the remarks of the hon.mover. ~ He believed, however, that the evidence warranted the report, and he must say, having visited the Gaol, that the state of the lunatics there was a disgrace to the colony. Some system of classification should be adopted, and no shilting of responsibility should be al lowed. He thought this must now be evident to the Government, and he trusted something would be done to prevent such a state of cir cumstances ever arising again. The motion was put and carried. QUEEN'S "WHARF. Mr. BLYXH, pursuant to notice, asked the hon. the Colonial Secretary whether the Go vernment have it in contemplation to let on building leases any portion of the Q.ueen's "Wharf or the North-parade at the Port; and whether any offers have been received by the Government for the rental of the whole or any portion of the North-parade or Queen's Wharf The COLONIAL SECRETARY said no offers had lately been made with reference to the North-parade. Oilers had been made to rent the Queen's Wharf for fourteen years, and to put up a permanent building in place 1 of the sheds already in use. Specifications of the requisite buildings were now being pre pared, and tenders would shortly he issued for the leasing of the "Wharf INSOLVENCY COMMISSIONERS BILL. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL moved the : second reading of this Bill. Read a second time and passed through Committee. LICENSED VICTUALLERS ACT AMENDMENT BILL. In Committee. On clause 5 being proposed, Mr. EORSTER moved, as a preliminary step, the recommittal of clause 3, in order that he might substitute in lieu thereof a new clause of which he had given notice. He also asked leave of the House to make a slight alteration in the proposed new clause. Consent having been granted, the new clause was proposed by Mr. FORSTER as follows:— "Any licensed victualler, or other person respon sible to him, who knowingly and wilfully shall supply, or permit or suffer to be supplied, spirits, or other intoxicating drink, to any person already in a state of intoxication, shall be guilty of a misde meanor, and shall, on conviction thereof, for the first offence, forfeit the sum often pounds; and, for the second offence, the sum of twenty pounds; and any -licensed victualler guilty of such offence shall, upon the third conviction, forfeit his licence, and thereafter be incap able of holding a licence under the said recited Act." Mr. FORSTER, in support of his motion, observed that the original clause, for which his was substituted, had heeu on a former occasion amended by the addition of a proviso by the Advoeate-G-eneraL He (Mr. Forster) would not himself have introduced either the original clause, or even the clause which he then s ubmitted, on account of the very grave difficulties surrounding the subject. But as the House appeared disposed to pass some clause of the kind, he (Mr. Forster) was anxious that it should be consistent with itself. The learned Advocate-General, though no doubt without intending it, had so amended the original clause as to make one part of it cut the throat of another part; and to make the whole of it stultify the House by whom it was passed. The learned gentleman had attached a proviso to the former clause, giving to the publican acaused of supply ing drink to an intoxicated person the opportunity of proving that it was sup plied without his knowledge or consent. The proviso of the learned gentleman rendered a conviction under the previous terms all but impossible. It surely was not the practice of the Courts in which the learned Advocate practised to require a man to prove a negative, although an alibi was sometimes admitted. It was not the ordinary course of justice for a man to be called upon to prove that he did not do this or that; that he was not here or there. And even if such proof were ordinarily admis sible, he considered that it would bear hard upon those publicans who attended to their own business, by giving facilities of escape to those who left their business in the hands of servants and dependents. He (Mr. Forster) did not think that the publicans gene rally would object to the clause as he proposed it; nor was there any reason to suppose that the licensed victuallers wished to supply drink to persons in a state of intoxication. He be lieved that the subject, however treated, was one of great difficulty; but if they legislated at all upon it, he submitted that his proposi tion would be more likely than the original clause to effect the object intended. Mr. REYNOLDS seconded. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL said that there was not in reality much difference between himself and the hon. member for West Ade laide. He (the Advocate- General) certainly did not wish to " stultify the House," nor to " make one part of the clause cut the throat of another." The proviso was inserted by him, in order to protect publicans from the acts of persons in their houses. He would have no objection to the amended clause, if the hon. mover would agree to limit the penalty to cases in which two convictions had taken place in twelve months. Mr FORSTER would have no personal ob jection. Mr. BAKER considered that the last sug gestion was unadvisable. If convictions took place twice or thrice under the Act, the parties so convicted might be fairly assumed to be in the habit of supplying drink to persons in a state of intoxication, nor could there be any injustice in depriving such persons of their licences. Mr. REYNOLDS remarked that as seconder he could not, after the remarks of the hon. member for Mount Barker, agree to the limita tion proposed. Mr. FORSTER would leave the matter in the hands of the House. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL did not wish to press his views in this particular, but he could not surmise, with the hon. member for Mount Barker, that persons who were uncon victed of offences were hi the habit of commit ting them. He would suppose that a man had committed such offences as he had been proved guilty of; and if he had not been proved guilty he must be taken to be innocent. It was not a veiy easy thing in all instances to prove whether a person was or was not intoxicated: a Magistrate would decide one way and a by stander another. Yet upon such unsatisfactory evidence a publican, who had supplied such a person with liquor once, and then again per haps in four or five years, would be visited with a most disproportionate and heavy punishment. Mv. BAKER was not surmising anything ; but if a publican had been three times con victed of supplying drink to intoxicated persons, and after that was not to be held as addicted to this offence, he knew not how to describe his conduct. He, however, would not object that for the third offence the individual should be fined, and, instead of absolutely losing his licence, be liable to lose it. He (Mr. Baker) had known of some very grievous cases which this clause was intended to prevent the repe tition o£ and be believed that the most respec table publicans themselves would agree with him in the necessity of some legal provision oh the subject. The original clause was then struck out, and the new one inserted. Clause 5.—Lamps to be lighted from sunset till II. The COLONIAL TREASURER oppose^ the clause. He saw no reason why the publi cans' lamps should not be kept alight all night in this colony as well as in other colonies. The publicans enjoyed a monopoly, and they could not do less than keep their lamps burning in return for the protection they enjoyed in their trade. But if this argument failed, he would sooner diminish the licence-fee than extinguish the lights. In the country the lamps were of great utility, and in town they were at least equal to 20 policemen. He believed that 99 out of every 100, or at least nine out of every 10 rows brought before the Police Magistrate originated in or near to public-houses, and it was desirable that publicans' lights should be kept burning, that the police might see who were going in and coming out, and who were the aggressors in public- house brawls. He might be told that by the clause as pro posed the lights were to be kept up as long as the houses were open; hut if there were no lights how could the police tell whether people were going in and out or not, unless a police man were stationed at each public-house door j1 If after the legal hours of business the shutters were closed and blinds or curtains closely drawn, it would he impossible to say, without lamps, whether persons were inside drinking or not. He (the Colonial Treasurer) was quite prepared to support a clause to enable the publicans to trim their lamps; but instead of clause 5 as it now stood he should propose as an amendment, "That so much of the said recited Act as restricts the sale of gingerbeer and spruce-beer to licensed victuallers shall be and is hereby repealed." The hou. gentleman was proceeding to address the Committee on his amendment, when _ ■ Mr. DUTTON rose to order. He did not see how an extension of the privilege of selling gingerbeer met the difficulty of the lamp question. The COLONIAL TREASURER, then, would meet the clause with a direct negative, and afterwards propose his amendment as a substitute, in order io preserve the oonsecutivo nessof the numbering-^—j- j.-; > . Mr: HUG-II^^'<Kmsidered that(tbe charge upon the publicans for their lights'was Virtually part of the licence, and the other' grievance could be easily-met: -He knew it was reported, that the police themselves put out the publi cans' lights in order to lay informations against them, with a view to participating in the pe-. nalty. To obviate this he would move as an amendment that all flues levied under the pro visions of this clause-should pass into the general treasury, and go to the support of the Government. Mr. BAGrQT said that the Colonial Treasurer had argued that it was needful to keep a light outside a public-house to enable policemen to see whether there was a light inside. (A laugh.) In that argument he (Sir. Bagot) could not concur. The publicans laboured under he.vy grievances, and had the lion, gentleman read the police reports he would have seen that there were numerous cases of peculiar hardship, in which publicans had been fined who did their best to keep their lamps lighted, although those lamps, by accident or wilful mischief^ might sometimes be extinguished. With respect to tuc alleged monopoly enjoyed by the publicans, he would remind the House of the very large sum paid annually by the publicans of South Australia towards the revenue of the colony. He would support the clause as it stood. Mr. BLYTH would also support the clause as it stood. It really seemed to him as if the publicans were looked upon as nuisances to society; but he was prepared to maintain that a great proportion of them -were men of great respectability, who conducted their business in a most praiseworthy manner. He must protest against the disparaging lone too often adopted with respectto them. He would sup port the clause as it stood; but if it did not pass in that form, he (Mr. Blyth) would pro pose another. Before he sat down he would also refer to the permission given to store keepers to sell a gallon of wine or spirits. As the new clause proposed by the hon. member for West Adelaide originally stood, the store keeper who supplied an intoxicated person with drink would be equally liable with the publican; but one effect of the emendations just made by that hon. member would be to exonerate the storekeeper from punishment under the clause. These persons might sell a whole gallon of spirits to an intoxicated per son, whilst a publican for selling a single glass would be heavily punished. But he liad no fear for the operation of such an act, for by its excessive severity it would defeat its own end. A hailstorm might break the lamp of a publican, as had been the case some time ago, and the Magistrate would have no ontion but to inflict the fine. The COLONIAL SECRETARY would1 support the clause as it stood. He did not! think that for police purposes the publicans' lamps were needful. Every policeman had, or ought to have, a bull's-eye lantern upon his person, vrhich would afford liim all the help he required for identifying suspected charac ters. As to the fear of persons leaving public houses after legal hours in the event of the lamps being put out, he did not see much danger of that, for publicans would be liable to a heavy penalty. He did not think the citizens of Adelaide should throw upon the publicans the duty of lighting their city. For their own comfort and safety the city should be lighted, and this should be done by the citizens themselves. It had been said that the police, who shared the penalty, had put out the lights of the publicans; but he (the Colonial Secretary) did not believe there was the slightest foundation for such a statement. "With refe rence to the tax paid by publicans, amounting as it did to about £10 each per annum through out the colony, he could not accept that as a reason for exempting the licensed victuallers from any obligation that fairly rested upon them. He took altogether different and higher ground for supporting the clause. Mr. BAKER had anxiously awaited the views of the Government on the subject of lamplighting. As usual, however, the Govern ment agreed to differ. (A laugh.) The Colo nial Treasurer argued the publicans' lamps were essential for the purposes of police super intendence, whilst the Colonial Secretary argued that the lamps were of no use at aft for that purpose, and that the police were better with out them. (A laugh.) The hon. the Colonial. Secretary also considered that even without a compulsory clause the publicans would keep their lamps alight. If so, where was the hardship of requiring all to do what tlie majority were so willing to do ? The Colonial Secretary said that for police purposes the inhabitants must light the streets; but this merely proved that the present lights were useful. The publicans doubtless had a great grievance in being fined for going out to relight their lamps ; but the penalties levied in such cases were in violation of the spirit of the Act. It was a public bene fit to liave the lamps lighted, and in the country districts especially they were of great service. It had been remarked by the hon. member for Yatala that a storekeeper might sell a gallon of spirits to a person in a state of intoxication. Let the hon. member introduce a clause to correct that one and he (Mr. Baker) would support him. But his own opinion was that the immunity supposed to be given to the storekeeper did not really exist, and that the holder of a wholesale licence would be equally liable for an infringement of this clause with the holder of a retail licence. It was very undesirable to restrict the permis sion now given to storekeepers. He wished that every storekeeper was allowed to sell a single bottle of wine or spirits, for it was tbe tap-room company that ruined so many work ing men. Working men wanted liquor to take home to their families, hut they could only obtain it by going to the public-house. At present even a grower of wine was not allowed to sell without taking out a licence—a restriction wliich ought unquestionably to be abolished. The ADYOCATE-GENERAL suggested that if instead of the words "any licensed victualler," the words " any licensed person" were inserted in the clause, it would have the effect of preventing a breach of the law in the case of storekeepers. It would be remembered that when this subject was before the House in 1851, tie proposed that the restrictions of the Act should not apply to the sale of ginger beer, nor to the sale of colonial wine in quantities, of "not less than one gallon. As to the suggestion of the hon. member for Mount Barker, that spirits should be sold by any shopkeeper in single bottles, he (the Advoeate Generai) feared that it would lead- to the in troduction of secret drinking, altogether apart from police surveillance. The evils of such a course would be very great, and the difficulties of conviction almost insuperable. With refe rence to the report that the police had them selves extinguished the lights, as stated by the hon. member for East Torrens— Mr. HUGHES remarked that he had not endorsed that report; he merely said that it was so reported, as the learned Advocate him self might hav^e gathered from the papers. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL contended that the statement of the hou. gentleman, taken in connection with his amendment, justi fied him. (the Advocate-General) in supposing that the lion, member believed in the allegation. He was happy, however, to find that the report was not believed by that hon. member. If however, the police were not guilty of extin guishing the lights, of what use, as bearing on that question, was the transference of the fines? For many years there had been no agitation on the question; but public attention had been so frequently called to the subject of extinguished lights tliat the police were put on the alert, and more numerous informations were the consequence. .And now, if they were to become lax in their attention, the evils formerly com plained of would again recur, and the police be again censured. The hou. member for Mount Barker had endeavoured to fix a charge of incon sistency upon the Colonial Secretary for saying that the publicans''lamps were of no use to the police, although he had also said that the citizens must light their own city. B ut his hou. friend had argued that the lights were useful for the public, not for the police. He must, therefore, unite with the Colonial Secretary in supporting the clause as it stood. If a practi cable scheme could be devised for relieving the licensed victuallers from grievances under the present law, without having recourse to the extinction of the lights, he would support it, but at present he saw no such provision. Mr. KINGSTON would wish to see tne lamps kept alight all night, but should also be glad to relieve the publicans of the difficulties which now surrounded their eqdesyours to comply with the law. Mr. FORSTER wished to know whether two amendments were before the House; and whether such a course of procedure was regular. The COLONIAL TREASURER explained that his intended amendment had not been formally put. He would meet the clause with a direct negative, and afterwards move His amendment. With respect to his offer to reduce the -licence-fee rather than .extinguish the lamps, his reason wa3 because he held that the lamps which it was proposed' to extinguish were as good as twenty policemen. 'The bull's eye lanterns he had had some experience of in the Customs, and could affirm that they were of no use whatever to enable a policeman to see from a distance persons going into or Ieav ing& fpuB&vioafe.; Whm,£ufci<Me contact i with a pcrsoiijtkiq? were useful^not else,. I and it was ndt .proposed to stationa policeman, at every 'public- house. It liad been said I tliat they had no right to demand that the publicans should light their lamps. He maintained that they had a. right to do so. It was a simple matter of contract. The pub licans enjoyed a monopoly, secured to them by the Government, in return for which they con tracted to make certain payments and to render certain services. He admitted that cases of inconvenience had sometimes occurred, but after all there was no real hardship in the lamp prosecutions; for in all cases redress might be obtained by means of a simple letter to the head of the Executive. Mr. BAGOT wished to know if them ever had been' an instance in which redress had been obtained. The COLONIAL TREASURER said if re dress had never been granted, it was because redress had never been asked for. He was, however, quite prepared to give all facilities for the publicans to go out and relight their lamps when they went out or became ex tinguished, Mr. FQRSTER would vote for the clause as it stood, in preference to any other alternative that had been suggested. The publicans had been called upon to perform impossibilities'. He would support a proposition to compel the publicans to keep their lamps burning during business hours ; but they were required to keep their lamps burning all night. This was an impossibility, unless they sat up all night to watch them, or employed a servant to do so. But even then there was no power given them by law to open their doors and relight their lamps—no legal power—and they were still liable to be fined, and would be fined, if they relighted their lamps; and so they would be if they left them extinguished. The Colonial Treasurer had taken the same course then as he had done before; he would continue the inconvenience, but provided no remedy. He {Mr. Forster) said that the hon. gentleman should himself have come provided with a remedy if he wished to perpetuate the obligation. The Colonial Treasurer had said that the publicans' lamps were equal to 10 or 20 policemen. The hon. gentleman took a pretty wide margin, and even then gave no arguments in support of his statement. But if the fact were so, he (Mr. Forster) wondered that the hon. gentleman had not proposed to reduce the Police force by tho number indicated. The Colonial Treasurer had also argued that the lamps were needful to guide policemen to the public-houses; but he (Mr. Forster) would affirm that there was not a policeman who liad been three months on his beat that could not find his way blindfolded to any public-house he was in search of. The hon. gentleman had stated that publicans could procure redress from the Executive. That seemed plausible, but lie (Mr. Forster) thought that it would be very inconvenient to pub licans to pursue 6uch a course. He believed the Executive did not meet very often. (A laugh.) He believed tliat their opinions were simply endorsed upon papers containing the subject of enquiry ; and that it would be almost equal to a Chancery suit to seek redress through such a medium. (Loud laughter.) Magistrates had stated from the Bench that, with respect to the imposition of a penalty, the law gave them no option whatever, even in the most frivolous cases. The Advocate- General said that the participation of the police in the fines had not induced them to take any undue steps to procure convictions, but he (Mr. Forster) supposed that the simple fact of the moiety of the penalties bring .given to the police was itself a proof that the Government expected the convictions to be more numerous in con sequewse. He saw no batter course than to take the clause as it stood in the Bill, and he should therefore give it his support. " Mr. REYNOLDS was, on a former occasion, for repealing the clause altogether, because lie did not see why the publicans should, more than any other tradesmen, light town or country. But as the publicans preferred keep ing them alight, he considered he could not be wrong to support the clause as it stood. Referring to the circular issued by the licensed victuallers some time ago, the hon. gen tleman drew deductions in ferour" of the course he was adopting in regard to the mea sure-, and proceeded to say that the hon. member for Yatala had referred to the large sum paid by the publicans towards the revenue, but he had forgotten to state the extent of the expenditure caused by the existence of public houses, and which would appear on the other side of the balance-sheet." Mr. DUTTON said that the object he had in introducing this Bill was to relieve the licensed victuallers from those disabilities under which they had for so many years been labour ing. All attempts of former sessions to attain this object had proved abortive, and the same difficulties seemed to occur with the presenl BilL Not only had those elauses which were already passed been greatly altered from the form originally introduced, bat a most strin gent clause had been introduced which was never contemplated by the licensed victuallers, imposing such penalties upon them in certain cases, that he (Mr. Dutton) thought it would seriously affect the value of. the property oi licensed victuallers; and although the prin ciple of that clause met with his (Mr. Dutton's] approval, still the details of the subject wer< surrounded by such difficulties, and the penal ties were so severe, that he could fairly challenge the laws of any other country to show their equaL He thought it right to state what course he would pursue with this BilL Seeing the strong opposition made to the lamp clause, which was the monster grievance complained oL and the stringency of the third clause, he would carry the Bill through Committee; but before moving the third reading of the Bill he would consult the Licensed Victuallers' Asso ciation, and not move the third reading unless they approved of the Bill as it might be passed through Committee. Mfith regard to the lamp clause, he thought it monstrous that the publicans should be expected to light up the city to enable the police to catch the thieves, and be punished il the wind should blowout their lights. Nor did the amendment of the hon. member for East Torrens in the least benefit the publican, as it only took away the amount of fine from the policeman and gave it to the general re venue; and as for any benefit they could derive from appealing 'to the Executive Council, if that body was not more united else where than they were in the House, the pub licans could expect very little from appealing to them. He (Mr. Dutton) would therefore strongly oppose any alteration in the clause as printed. The clause was then put, and declared to be carried. The COLONIAL TREASURES pressed for a division, the result of which showed— : Ayes—Messrs. Dutton, Forster, Bagot, Blyth, the Advocate-General, and Colonial Secretary. Noes—The Colonial Treasurer, Messrs. Da venport, Hughes, Scott, Kingston, Baker, and Majority of one in favour of the noes. The amendment of the hon. member for East Torrens then became a substantive mo tion, upon which Mr. BLYTH moved the following amend ment — "No person having a general publican's licence shall be liable to any penalty or fine by reason of his lamp having.ceased to be lighted, unless he shall have been called upon to Te-light the same and have neglected so to do." Mr. KINGSTON seconded. The substantive motion was then put, and the House divided, when there appeared— Ayes—Messrs. Hughes, Angas, Davenport, the Colonial Treasurer, and Mr. Baker. Noes—The Advocate-General, Messrs. Blyth, Forster, Dutton, Kingston, Bagot, and the Colonial Secretary. The amendment of Mr. Blyth was then put J as a substantive'motion, upon wliich also a division was called, when the following ap peared to bo the result:—■ Ayes—Messrs. Forster, Kingston, Bagot, Dutton, the Advocate-General, and the Colo nial Secretary. I Noes—Messrs. Angas, Baker, Davenport, Hughes, and the Colonial Treasurer. A majority of two was declared in favour of the ayes. Mr. BAKER then moved a further amend ment, by the insertion of the words " not until after li o'clock at night," to which he appre hended there , would be no objection. He thought if tho clause was so amended it would carry out the views of the publicans themselves and also of the House. He had always con sidered the old Act was sufficiently ample in its provisions to meet every cause of complaint on the part of the publicans as to frivolous prose cutions. If the hon. member for ITatala did not object to introduce thei words, he would not press them as an amendment. < Mr. ANGAS'seconded. Mr. BLTTH expressed his willingness to insert the words in his amendment, and leave was given accordingly. Mr. BAGrOT called attention to the 9 th clause, as if that did not pass allowing the publican to keep"open till 11 -o'clock, the pro-, position under consideration would have to be altered. He suggested the postponement of the clause.' ' r The clause as amended was then put, and allowed to stand part of the Bill. The House resumed, and the Chairman re ported jirogeeai, and obtained S on Ifrigay nejt. ; '' A2IVTL SERVICE -RETIREMENT RE " PEAL BELL. - - Mr. BAKER moved the second reading of tins Bill,'remarking that under any otber'cir eumstances than the present he would not liaye pressed the second .reading atso.latenn hour of the day. But seeing tlie determina tion'-of thaofficers of the Government to take advantage of the existing Act, he thought no tune should bo lost in repealing a measure which'was passedby the Councl in error.- He believed it would be more just to repeal-the present Bill altogether, and to return toVtho^e person3 . 5vho had subscribed under its "provi sions the money they had contributed, than to allow the Act stall to exist, and such personsstill to go on contributing to the Superannuation . Fund, when it was certain they could not reap -any benefit from it. If theBill was repealed there would be less scrambling for the public money than there .was likely to. be if the Bill was con tinued in full force.- When they heard of such mi a as MrMooriiouse and those with him retiring on si-pension for life, he thoughtthe operation of the Bill and' the principle on which it was framed - could not be jus tified. Here, was an instance of a gentleman who had' - been receiving a large salary, and had been allowed private practice of his profession, and devoting that portion of his time probably to the Govern ment service which might be most conveniently spared, or, perhaps, best agree with the pur suit of his private practice, and they found tlim ■■ mtl -man retiring early in life on a pen sion ib.- :he remainder of his'days. It had not been Jieged that he wa3 incapacitated for further service, it was merely .that he was enabled to avail himsdf of the fortunate acci dent of the Council' having passed a Bill by which a large sum of money was-left to bo scrambled for; and he believed sudd was the view of other officers seeking lo retire on pen sions under the existing Bill. It was not contended they were unfit for.- service, or that they had spent their best days in the Govern ment service, when they came upon the retiring allowance, for many of them had only entered it when approaching or having passed the middle age. The members of Government would no doubt say that there would be a. great breach of faith if the Bill were repealed ; but he would ask would there not be a greater breach of faith in continuing the operation of' it ? Since he had introduced the proposed Bill another measure had been laid before the Coun cil, called " A Bill fof^the Retirement of Officers from the Civil Service," and which made .the, operations of the fund arrangement more effec tual than the present measure did, but only by a compulsory provision on the part of Go vernment employes. He locked .upon that measure as calculated to break faith with the contributors to the Superannuation Fund. Ho believed the best way would be to give to the Government officers the, £10,000 voted by the Council, and let them scramble for it if they liked, and appropriate it as they pleased. Then might the Council say, "We will put down this system by which the buying and selling of offices will be induced," "for that be believed would be the tendency of the ope ration of the Superannuation Fund. It would be better to give them the £10,000 to be in vested by those concerned as they pleased, and then say, " The Government shall have no Superannuation Fund for the future." This course would support the faith of the Council, and enable it to retrieve its position, and re medy the error fallen into. He saw so much evil likely to arise from the Superannuation Fund principle that he considered it would be a wise economy to pursue the course he had suggested. Ho hoped the Council would settle once for all that any man. entering the Govern ment service should enter under the same con ditions as men ordinarily did in any private service, and he believed there would be plenty of persons ready to -enter the Government Mr. KINGSTON seconded tlie motion. Mr. BAGrOT tliouglit it would not be out of place if he offered a few remarks in reference to the measure before the House, as he took an active part in the passing of the measure which it was now proposed to: repeal. At that time he had wished that some additions, should-be made to the measure, but did not succeed in obtaining the clauses lie desired. But the Bill having been passed, it was the duty of the Council to carry out its faith in the matter— a breach of which would be committed by passing the measure introduced by the hon. member for Mount Barker. There was no hon. member in that House more opposed to pensioning in the Government service than he (Mr. Bagot) was, and that was one reason why he should support the Government measure recently introduced, in opposition to that under discussion. Unless the employes of - Govern ment were made distinctly to understand, the mode in which they were to contribute to the fund in order to secure a provision for their old age, and that if they neglected that method they would have no claim on the Government, they would have them coming from time to time before the House, saying— " Pity the sorrows of a poor old man ■" and saying it, too, in such a fashion that the feelings of hon. members would bo wrought upon, and a large pension list would be formed. He considered it would be a great breach of faith if the House adopted the measure of the hon. member for Mount Barber, and by it they would repeal a Bill intrinsically good in itself, and that under a plea which could not be maintained—that " two wrongs would make a right." He thought that hon. members might have waited until the Government measure was brought fully before the notice of the House, and then he would have seen its effect, and liave ascertained that it made a provision which deserved support. He should oppose the measure of the hon. member for Mount Barker. The COLONIAL SECRETARY could not allow the question to pass without entering somewhat fully into the merits of the principle, though he had addressed the House at some length in the Bill so proposed to be intro duced. He should not be doing his duly to the public service, to the Council, or to the public if he did not take steps to support the credit and faith of the Council in this matter. He thought there would be a great breach of faith in passing the Bill then before the House; and though the hon. member for Mount Barker proposed, to cover that by argu ing that ^breaches of faith existed in all direc tions, still it did not make it any the less a fact that such was the tendency of the BilL The hon. member had urged that any depar ture from the terms on which a person was appointed to office was a breach of faith, and yet that hon. member bad advocated in Council the extension of hours of employment of Go vernment officers. Was not that a breach of faith—a departure from the terms on which they were appointed—and was there not an equal inconsistency in proposing a, reduction of salaries ? Mr, BAKER—The hon. the Colonial Secre tary had misstated the matter. He (Mr. Baker) had not at any time in Council advo cated an extension of hours of labour of Government officers. The COLONIAL SECRETARY would remind the hon. member that in introducing one of the reports of the Select Committee on the Estimates, he had stated he would support the gratuity of 25 per cent, if accompanied with a regulation for extended hours of busi ness. But to return, he would remark that- if the House passed a Bill and appropriated to the Treasury a certain sum of money for pro vision for retirement of officers, and afterwards repealed the Bill, it was a decided breach of faith, disturbing every arrangement the persons concerned might- have made under the enacted. provision. He should object to the Bill, not as he had objected formerly, but because the present Act was proposed to be repealed, and no provision was proposed for carrying out the obligations of the Council. When the hon. member for Mount Barker introduced such a Bill repealing a former measure, he was - bound to provide for meeting the obligations and liabilities created under the former mea sure, and not to leave that provision to future chance legislation. He hoped the Council would not allow a feeling to go forth that they would commit a breach of faith; but, if they erred at all, let it be on the side of public faith —let them be guided, not by figures, but by honour. It had been objected to the retire ment of Mr. Moorhouse that he was ii the prime of life; but he would ask, were the Go vernment officers always to be drudging, with no prospect of honourable retirement? Al though they might be surrounded with in stances of successful exertion, and comfortable enjoyment of accumulated property by per sons still in the prime of life, he thought it should be one of the inducements held out in the public service that men might retire after honourable employment while old age had not crept over them, and that without cost to the public. To hold out this as an inducement would be to enable the Government to obtain competent and respectable officers—a considera tion of some weight. It was evident that the Sill introduced by tbe bon. member for Mount Barker would result in the commission : of a . breach of faith, and that gentleman's intentions with regard to the matter and the -£10,000 voted for the superannuation provision clearly indicated tbe same result. Mr, BAKES denied in toto the allegation . v breachoffeith;andfetfpeaialiy #o witaie^eaoe to tlie £10,000 alluded to. . The COIiOmAIi SECRETARY was not responsible for±he hon. member's inteutious, but gathered the opinion he had expressed "from-The Ternaries the" hon: •genthniiBir had made. There was no probability of the officers of Government retiring from active service in "the pnme of" life,""because~ the 3H1 held out inducements to them to continue in office, in order that they might have.the increased pen sions, which would accrue to them on their .remaining for a longer term. The lion, mem ber .for" Mount Barker had objected to the' officers of Government selling out, but he did not" think there were any grounds'Tor appre hension on that account. Then againj as to" the hon. member's, objections that officers of Government might insure their lives, and thus - make provision for the future without any special enactment, he would reply that when a man became too old for active service it was too late for him to. make such provision-. He could not then insure his life, for it was gone. The - argument of the lion, mem ber told against himself. 'The Bill '• under discussion had been forced upon the.Council by the elective members themselves,. and. was intended to meet the justice. of the case with ■ regard to those officers of Government who had contributed towards the Superannuation Fund. When the existing Act was introduced, he expressed his doubts as to its working... He was then of opinion that tlie sum of £10,000 would not be sufficient to meet the demands which would be made upon" it under the ope rations of the Act. But that Bill,' having been unanimously approved of by the Council, he confidently relied upon the House to support the measure. Mr. BLYTH, at 6 o'clock, moved the ad journment of the debate to the following day, which was agreed to. Thursday, Apbh 3. The Speaker took the chair at 2 o'clock.: > PETITIONS. Mr. SCOTT presented a petition from James Wyld Macdonald, praying the House to repeal the Distillation Laws so as to allow tine growers to distil their produce. On the motion of the lion, gentleman, the petition was re ceived, read, and ordered to be printed. Mr. ANGAS presented a petition from the Chairman and Councillors: of the District Council of Barossa West, with reference to opening a road from the Grand Junction to Alberton. On the motion of the hon. gentle man, the petition was received, read, and ordered to be printed. Mr. BAGOT presented a petition from Mr. Patrick Nelson. . Mr. BAKER did not know whether it would .not be better to submit petitions, before the Council met, to the Clerk, if examination of them was necessary, before putting them to the House. He made that remark as the present examination was a new feature which greatly delayed the business of the House. The SPEAKER said the examination re ferred to had always been made, but a greater delay was apparent now. than heretofore in consequence of the loss of the Assistant Clerk. He had no hesitation in saying that hon. members were not aware'of the amount of work done at the table, and he was convinced the work could not go on without another clerk. : Mr. FORSTER asked whether the Assistant Clerk, Mr. Branthwaite, could not assist the Clerk of the Council. The SPEAKER said that officer was at that moment engaged in his proper duties down stairs. The petition, praying the Council to take the case of the petitioner (who. was dismissed for a bad handwriting) into consideration, was received, -read, and ordered to be printed. I'i Llll L^TlilDTVC The COLONIAL SECRETARY, in reply to Mr. Kingston, said, that the subject of Cemeteries had been under the consideration of the Government, .and that a Bill had been prepared and printed, but that more pressing matters had prevented its being laid upon the table. Mr. KINGSTON asked whether it would be laid upon the table that session. The COLONIAL SECRETARY would not like to give a pledge to that effect without instructions. ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE. Mr. BLYTH, "with reference to a notice of adjournment for a.yreek by the- Colonial Secre tary, wished to kirow whether that officer would pledge himself to place the' Estimates on the table when the House reassembled. The COLONIAL, SECRETARY couliSmfe give a pledge upon a subject which depended upon the work of others as well as of himself He would do his beit to expedite them, but he. could not give a pledge which be might not be able to carry out. - Mr. BLYTH hoped, if there was any doubt that a week would not he sufficient, that the House would adjounrfor a fortnight. Mr. ANGAS asked whether there was no other business to go on with while the Govern ment was preparing the Estimates. Seeing that there was no certainty when the Estimates would be brought forward, if there was not other business to occupy the House, it would be better to adjourn for a month or six weeks. He must Mr. DTJTTON rose to order. Those remarks would be more in order next day when the Colonial Secretary's -motion for adjournment would be under discussion. The , COLONIAL SECRETARY had no objection to an adjournment for a fortnight, except that it arose froth a confident expecta tion that the Estimates would be ready before tiiat time, although lie could not give a pledge to that effect. As to the House proceeding with other business) there could he no objec tion to that if the House would consent to the absence of the Government officers. GRATUITIES. In Committee. The COLONIAL -SECRETARY, pursuant to notice, moved— . " That an address be presented to His Excellency the Gov .-rnor-in-Chief, requesting him to direct the Treasurer to pay to the several public officers receiving fixed annual salaries an allowance-to meet the increased personal expenses, caused hv Increased cost .of living-, at a rate equal to one-half of the rate paid to such officers for that purpose daring the year 1856" He begged to observe that he had two objects in bringing forward that motion. First, it was a subject upon, which a recommendation had been made by the Select Committee upon the Estimates, and the preparation of the Es timates by the Government was contingent upon the decision- of the House upon thatj point. The other object was that hitherto the public officers bad received only their fixed salaries, and three months had passed, during j which time whatever allowance the Council might determine to give them was in smear.' That circumstance pressed veiry heavily upon officers with" small salaries and large . families, and it was therefore desirable that I some decision, upon the subjeot' should be ar- j rived at. He thought he need not repeat the arguments used before as to the claims of the | officers for that allowance. It was granted by she Council uureng load, in conse quence of tlie increased cost of living, which told very heavily upon the public servants,, and greatly reduced their incomes. Some of them, in fact, found it impossible to live on their salaries. Fifty per cent, had been allowed and paid up to the end of 1855, At that time, when the Estimates Tyere introduced, Govern ment proposed to commute this uncertain allow ance into a fixed increase of 25 per cent; on the salaries. Since the proceedings which had : taken place before the Committee the Grovern- . ment had abandoned the idea of bringing for ward the Estimates with a fixed increase, but preferred recommending a temporary allowance of 25 per cenft to meet the inereasedcost of living. That was not the resulf of a feeling that 25 per cent, was equivalent to tjje lieges-. sities of the case, bat because the present state of the revenue would not admit of such a large increase as 50 per cent. The gratuity was passed to meet the times of1853. The: prices of things had, however, much increased - since that time, in some cases so much as 70 per cent, and in others 50 per cent. This being the case, the gratuity during 1855 was; not so valuable an addition to the salaries as it was during 1853 and 1854. In feet, many public officers suffered severely through the high prices which ruled in 1855. They, how ever, knew ' that -such prices did not obtain at present, nor were they ex pected to occur again; but still it . was quite certain that the prices of 1856 would be fully 150 per cent, more than the prices of 1850 when the fixed salaries were settled. That bring the case, it would be seen that there: would be a sufficient pressure on the salaries to. warrant him in asking for a continuation of the grant in aid of salaries.' He therefore hoped the Council would at once Bettle the question, so that the Estimates might be . prepared, ymd, that the public officers .might be put out of doubt and uncertainty ri to the amounts' -they were to receive. ' • * •' : '■ The AD VOCATE-GENEftAL' eecoilded. Mr. yjATVF.'R wifihed rto. say^ .before.- the, -question wasput, tiiattihehoiL. Secretary scarcely a greed with his statement of thd plovionfl day that tSib^Istmiates wonhD - be brought in amended "in accordance , with the report of the Committee. (Hear, hear.) In the report it would he found that -only Gne'.half"5f"'2ffp0r cent, bad been recommended to be given as a gratuity in 1856. It was also recommended, that, the office hours should be extended and the number of clerks reduced. He would state again what had been Tefemtd-to-by-tfae hon.ijecfgtM'yrtharhb '^Mr. Baker) rfcad/no' objectipn| to gird tha%mount now asked for if the office.hours were increased and. .the number of officers reduced; ,hut he would hesitateto consent toft without thosecon ditions.; If the House now conceded the point asked for .by "the hon. the Colonial Secretary, they would be anticipating; the discussion' which must take place when . the Estimates : came under' consideration:' They would; in fact, be pledging' themselvtej Without.. knowuig what courae the GoVernmOTt mtended i» take. He thought it would be enough to agree to one half the proposed sum ; thktwouldjbe suffi cient, he imagined, to meet ,the necessities of the case, and. it would leave the House more free to-act upon thediscussionpf the Estimates. He would move that" one-half " be struck out aud " one-fourth'" inserted in themotion. ME KINGSTON seconded. ' ■ Mr. HUGHES would have supported the motion if the mover had confined timwlf to all salaries ofless than £400 a year. Howus con vinced that limit embraced a class - of officers . who suffered aihardahip in the withdrawal of the allowance. ' " " The COLONIAL TREASURER would support the motion as it etoodfand woiiid give his reasons for doing so. In the first; place, he would take - the statement, in which ■ he con curred, of the horn member for West Adelaide, made some time; agp,-as to the: probable cost -of living, iluring ,-the: current' .year. Erom tliat it - would " appear; that' |the reasons which induced the . CbimciL .to vote an increase bu:the.salaries, namely, the enhanced prices of the necessaries of life existed rHH- Thecost of HvingwhiehindueiedtheHouse to grant that increased sum remained unal tered. And now, instead of the 50 per cent, granted by the House, only 25 per cent, was asked for, owing to the depressed state of the public finances. That was'a state of thifigfe to which the public officers must submit1; but supposing that they lived now as herejofore— supposing they eat and drank as -well,! and lived in equally, good houses—their' income should be increased probably 3l» per 'cent. The demand now made was not only moderate but absolutely necessary. He could. Bay from his- own knowledge that some officers in the public service found it' impossible -to' educate tbeir children, and as they could hot employ servants they had to perform menial dffiteSSuch as they never contemplated.- Setting -aside the question raised by the hon. member for .Mount Barker, he thought the House could not desire to see. the public .officers reduced to such a state. - He supported the motion upon the one ground; that even " with , the gratuity the officers in the public service TeeeivBd less remuneration by 27 per cent, than persons em ployed in .the Banks. (No, nod \ It- •was useless for bom gentlemen to say "no, no?'the evidence.was before them, and he wpuld first make his . statement and then- prove it./ He .would state distinctly that according to the evidence taken before the Select Committee, that the public officers received less pay for their services than persons! employed .in' the Banks, by the South Australian. Company Mr BAKER—Does the horn gentleman mean less pay for the work done?T ' The COLONIAL TREASURER—Yes] less .pay, and he believed they did twice as much work. (A laugh.)- Tn the office of (he South Australian Mining 1 Association there were sit clerks; some of those werfe allowed houses-^— Mr. BXNG-STON said: hdne-of,.the,clerks of the town establishment were aflbwed'houses. The COLONIAL TREASURER Was not speaking of the officers in town or country; he was dealing withTMr. Ayers's statement. .That gentleman said there were six cleAis. ' Mr. Ayers, £700," and one clerk at £350, one at £230, one at £150, one at £280, withallowance far a house, and one at £200," with ia house. "Adding the 6danes and"^pwanc^lmid' di viding the amount by-six, jthe averagepayof those clerks would be £255. The Sooth Austra lian Company had-six clerks,-at the' respective salaries of £400, £300,£250, £200,£170, £15Q, oran average of £245/The Bahkof Australasia tour Clerks at£400,"£300, £250, "and* £300 respecUvdy,and.Wocadets-^u6flt £150, and one at £150. . The salaries in the establish ment' of the Measra./Elder are from £250 to £350. Thus it was obvious the public officers received £22 per year less than those < gentle men, even .if .they got thei gratuity of 25 per cent, asked for,' ; That made .the amount of difference which . he-, had. referred to j- and ;he now repeated that,, unless the gratuity -were granted, the.offieers of Government would re ceive 27 per cent/less than persons employed in private establishments.1 • Hon. members all knew that person did' not enter the publio service with " 'an exclusive view to the immediate emoluments, but Also with a view to future advancement.-- That he thought would be admitted; and then it could not be.denied that the prospects of advancement were in finitely greater in Banks and-mercantile houses than in the public service. (Hear,-hear.) There were only eight offices with sauries exceeding £400 a year to -which 108 Government officers could aspire. . He excepted, of course,* the political offices, .the professional offices^ and the Surveyor-General He excepted the.poli tieal offices because clerks were prohabited from qualifying for them. (Hear, ham.)' Hereafter no man can be Colonial Secretary, Colonial Treasurer, nor, in fact, fill any of the critiosl offices; unless he he a member of the Legisla ture. (Oh, oh.) An hon. member had said " oh, oh," but .if his chief clerk were to die, aod the Parliament Bill in force, he could not hope to succeed him.' ]No ^ matter 'what his general ability or peculiar] fitness-tor the office, his (the Treasurer's) successor must be a poli tical character . Mr. KINGSTON—Why can he Hot suc ceed? ' The COLONIAL TREASURER—Because the Act excludes him. The Act excludes all persons in office from sitting in that House, excepting certain political officers'/ Theman who aspires to those offices must be a person of independent means and not sueb as aocept subordinate posts. The clerks' were prejudiced by tbe Parliament Bill with regard to promo tion, and that certainly was nqt the time to reduce "their incomes; He would, repeat that in the Banks and large establishments'the pros pects of advancement were infinitely greater than in the public service, _tor there were only eight offices of £400 a year to' he hoped for by 108 individuals. Prom the bare announcement of the disposition-to cut off this allowance and to reduce the income of Government officers so " much below that of others tbe service had be come less prized, and there was.a manifest dis position to leave it. - ^Hear, .hear.) Tnnhmwii had occurred witljin bis own. knowledge of resignations in consequence of this announce ment. (" Name, name.'.') The CHAIRMAN'called attention to the hour (3 o'clock). The Stnudinjg. Orders weto suspended that the debate might proceed, and The COLONIAL TEE ASUBEB continued —He had been requested to" name the persona to whom he had alluded as efficient persons, and who had left the ': service. He Was not at liberty,to. name ithose who were jhowdooldng lor other employment," but. he,would jefer to one-~who had left^—thd latehiaSter \ of dhe Yatalar finding: that his' income wns^much less th«h-^o<w»M.dbjtiihi ptjFa&partiee.; he hft in consequenee of the doubt thrown upon his receipt bf the remuneration which he considered he was justly bntjtled to. Mr. BAKEB did-hot like to interrupt the hon. gentleman; but would venture: to enquire whether the resignation referred-to had not something to do with a dispute with"Captain BrOwn? 1"- " •<:;< The CQLONI4L TREASUBER—Mr. Germain hqs assigned in'-writing >the cause X state asthat qf Lis i^ignatjoq. . Ho diked the Government service, aha he liked*,the.com> mand of the Yatala, and he Was quite willing to remain at less remuneration than he* could obtain in private service;; bnt whenhe'heard of the intention to reduce his income ■he re; | signed. He (the Colonial Treasurer) did not I know where they would find |he equal qf thqt officer. ' Mr, HLGHLS—Whgt salary dpes he gut now? - .. ' The COLONIAL TEEASLEEE-^Just double what he received when in- the public service. Another case wbs.'that of the -third clerk;in the Customs Departmwit. -The Col lector of Customs reported, him,»as „ai most efficient officii" (i'Famft pnne.^ - He really had forgotten the 'hame ; theqffice'he wag quite- clear about as he got his' information from the [Collector of Cki8!»mk. r; 33iat offieer " (the third: clerk) hud., reigned • because ,.tl ie gratuity was "taken odj and ginpe' kisremgha torn he had obtained a salfliyoFmoretiian double whathe reheivedfrotoGOverrimtot—— . Mr.ANGAS wouldbketoknnwif ihatwns . Mr. EeiguBon..y -a . . _ The COLONIAL' TREASURER knew no blerk df the name of Fbigusoni" The jieiton allndBd:bo;was landing waiter.' He^had eaid that ;jthei3%vMge (fjgjtkjfilve jEb^r.IOS to toi-me.aiiffiar were~£M v : General, £600 • Sheriffi £500; Comptroller of. Convicts,£500; M^gisbnte at Bort AddsideL £450; Assistant CoIonial Seoret«ay, £60() | f. Otwfctb £^°j woyH |Qtti up by sayi^iWW toiJwbiww . of the 25 per oatt» *wo®1^"P!"ce: the cle^' in such & position of 'stnbaRssfnDie&t; thfoogh 'out the country that ail' the better »': class would resign because they could com * mand from the Banks; the -larger companies, \- and even from private individuals, more ade quate compensation for their services. By the' proposed system of paying less than tlie -are nge of what was paid for similar services, tliey could hope to retain nothing beyond medi ocrity in the public- service. Those who remained would be men who, from incampe tency or want of .energy, could not obtain other employment. He trusted the House would, notwithstanding the opposition of the lion, 'member for Mount Barker, adopt the proposition of his hon. friend the Colonial Secretary. The -hon. member for Mount Barker wished to make that question contin gent upon the extension of hours, but that was a question which could not be gone into at that time, and it would be discussed when the Estimates were under consideration, as well as the number of clerks to be retailed.- The. House would-doubtless support no more clerks than they in their judgment considered neces sary- tp properly perform the work. It was for the interest of the public that they should have an adequate number'of olerks to perform the necessary duties of Government. Mr. BUTTON begged to make one remark on the statement of the hon; Treasurer that there wereonlyeightoffices open totlieaspirations of 108 candidates..- Among those offices named was that of Sheriff; and as among the 108 j \- referred to there were doubtless a great many who had been a long time in tlie colony capable and meritorious—then, how was it that the office was not filled from their number ? He 1 had no intention nor wish to reflect on the gentleman holding the appointment; but as it was an office to which tlie 108 had a chance of promotion, he would ask why did none of them obtain it- (Hear, hear.) ' The COLONIAL TREASURER—The question did not come within the scope upon which he could answer authoritatively. He spoke of that as one of eight offices open to the ambition of 108 individuals; but it did not follow that any of them should obtain it. (A laugh.) The fact that none of them did gain it was a strong proof of his argument as to the slight chance of promotion in the service. (Hear, and a laugh.) He had no doubt the hon. the Colonial Secretary could state the reasons which influenced the Government iu filling the office in question with its present occupant. He believed it was in consequence of the strong recommendation of- the profes sion ; but, as lie said before, he had no official knowledge upon the subject. Mr. DUTTON repeated that he had no wish to reflect upon the gentleman holding the appointment, but presumed that many of the 108 must have been qualified for tlie office. Mr. FORSTER was sorry that the motion was not of a temporary character. He be lieved the House would agree that the Go vernment elerks as a class were not overpaid, especially the subordinate^ officers, (Hear, bear.) lie thought the House was also im pressed with the idea that the public finances might to a considerable extent be economized in their application to the payment of salaries in carrying out the departments. That being the conviction of the House, before the Colonial Secretary asked for a permanent vote he should have intimated what course the Go vernment intended to adopt to bring the ex penditure connected with the establishments somewhat within the means of the colony. He {Mr. Forster) would havesupported the motion ' for 25 per cent, as a temporary measure with reference to those upon whom the times press heavily—with reference to officers of a certain grade—persons not receiving more than £300 a year. (Hear, hear.) Until he knew, how ever, what was to be done with regard to the in crease of hoursand thereduction of persons, or at least their views upon the subject, he could not support the motion. If the Colonial Secretary would put it as a temporary measure, or to meat the last three months, and restrict its appli cation to officers whose salaries did not exceed £300 a year, he would support it. He be lieved that the expense of living now us com jppspd with the year 1850 was as had been stated by the hon. Treasurer, but he djd not .admit fhe precise consequences which that hon.' gentleman drew from the comparison. The year J.S50 was a very cheap year, and every officer who then, exercised common care and frugality could not only have lived within his income, but could have saved something to meet the dearer times 'which followed. Taking a series of years, he thought the official salaries were very fairly fixed, although he ad mitted the present rate was not above what was required to meet the expense of living. He did not agree with the hon. Treasurer that as compared with other establishments the Government officers were underpaid. The Government was a large establishment through which £400,000 a year passed from all sources. Tt consisted of 26 heads of departments, with salaries ranging from £300 to £1,400 a year. Every department consisted of clerkB whose salaries were higher than the remuneration of similar persons in other pnrsuits. In addition to the-26 heads of departments, he saw by a list before him that there were a great many clerks frith salaries higher than The ADVQG4TE-GENERAX—Does the hon, gentleman include the Judges. Mr. FORSTER didiucludc the Judges. In addition to their salaries those gentlemen had recently, to meet the pressure of the times, been in receipt of gratuities, of 50 per cent. (The Colonial Secretary—"No, no.") He begged pardon and wouldcorrect himself—gratuities of £240 a year when their salaries were beyond a certain amount. He would refer to the clerks under the heads of departments. In the first place the Clerk of the Council had a fixed salary of £400; he had besides a gratuity of £200 a year. Surely the hon. Treasurer could not point to the clerk ih aqy commercial establishment who-bad such a salary. Then . he had an assistant clerk and librarian, with a salary of £200, -with £10 under the Clerks' Salary Act, and the increase of £105. There fras the Assistant Colonial Architect, with a salary of £300, with £150 addition. The Clerk of "Works, £225, with the gratuity half as much again in addition. In one of the de partments over which the hon. Treasurer pre sided there was a deputy'with a salary of £300 and the gratuity of £150;' there was also a Deputy Registrar ofiDeeds, with £200 salary, £10 increase under the Clerks' Salary Act, and the gratuity, fn the Customs department there was a chief clerk' with ^ salary £25Q, £30 under the Clerks' Salary Act arid thografcriify. There was the landing surveyor, but he supposed he would not be permitted to call him a clerk ; and in fact he could cite cases almost innu merable from the long list before him—a list that would take a long time to recount—to show tnat no such salaries -had- been paid \- amongst mercantile establishments or any other establishments throughout the colony. The Council had a right to assume that, taken as a whole, the clerks in Government service had not been underpaid as compared with clerks in the service of the colonists. Compared with the hours of labour and the amount of work done, and the expense of the establishments with which they have been connected, they have been j immensely overpaid—-there was, in feet, no com parison between the amount of work and the Date of pay. In mercantile establishments the clerks were generally obliged to be at their work from 9 until 5, and fretpieiitiy until I® or ! 11 at night. That tras not the case in Govern ment, »nd there was really no ground for saying that they were underpaid as compared with similar persons employed by colonists. He was willing to deal as proposed with clerks of A certain^grade. He believed that, their services considered, they were not overpaid, and he • would agreee to a temporary increase until it 'was dettdedwhat permanent increase should he given. He was precluded from moving an ! amendment; but if any hoii. ihbrtibet should do so to that effect he would support it. ! The COLONIAL SECRETARY did not; intend continuing the debate further than by stating that the Government would rather yilfrdraw the motion altogether than that the ' operation of the Ilill should be confined to only a limited! number of the Government officers. The Government would pees? the question as a whole, or withdraw it, in order that it might ^e copsfdered in connection with the hjsti Mr. itiN GSTQN woqld make a few remarks in reply to what had fallen from the hon. the Colonial Treasurer, who had compared the salaries of the clerks of the Government with those paid by the South Australian Mining . Association. There could he no "comparison . drawn between them, for the head of that Assoofetioq be}d a position of greater respon sibility than even'therhon. ti}e Colonial Trea surer himself. The hps. member in his cglcur lations 'had included 108 Government cLerks, whose average amount of salaries he had calcu lated at £220 a year, which' he said was less than was paid by private companies; bnt he had not included^the gratuitit^ ich said that £222 was the average amountof-their " salaries, including the 25 per cent. orftheEsti ' males hdcLnpph the table .of the Hodse. .1 Mr. Kfif GflTON continued by asking what > the eabfrfes .of ■ thOGovermneftt officers would, amount thif ^flie' eight heads of ^dfcartments had been included. It would then, be evident that : ©iH:era - of Government ;were paid blghpr .i.'tajr those gentlemen - Who were employedinprivateestablishments; nnd when, in addition to that, lliey took-into consideration the circumstance that the former were only employed From 10 to to 4 o'clock, whilst clerks in private establishments were often engaged to 10 o'clock at night, it would be evident that there was no comparison between the two. My. BLYTH asked fclio Colonial Secretary to withdraw his motion in order that the sub ject might be considered' in connection with the Estimates. He agreed in opinion with the hon. member for "West Adelaide that there were many of. the subordinate clerks whose salaries, were inadequate, taking into conside ration their, responsibilities. The great fault which had been committed by the Government was in the employment of too many third-class clerks. - He might, however, remark that there must be something exceedingly attractive in the Government service, for whenever a vacancy occurred numberless requisitions were sent in, and a very great deal of influence employed on behalf of" those who sought the appointment. Colonial Treasurer, in stat ng The hon. the that there were only eight Government officers whose .salaries were £400 and upwards per annum, had omitted several who were in re ceipt of that or greater amounts. (Here the hon. member read a list of the Government offices to which he referred.) The hon. member had also alluded to the probability of Government officers being driven to seek other employment. He did not know whether the hon. gentleman included him self— (laughter)—but if so, he agreed in. the opinion formerly expressed by the hon. member for Noarlunga that, see ing what were the political opinions the hon. gentleman held, he would not easily succeed in his expectations. He would, however, rejoice to And that he had done so. There was another reason why the question before the House should foe discussed in connection with the Estimates, which was, tliatit was one winch the Government members were personally concerned. He hoped the hon. the Colonial Secretary would withdraw Jus , I motion. ; Mr. BAKES remarked that, whether the j motion were withdrawn or not, he could not allow the statements of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer to go forth uncontradicted. The figures which the hon. member had hrought j forward were based upon his statement that there were only eight officers of the Govern- : ment whose salaries exceeded £400 a year. He had not included the Official^Assignee, the Colonial Architect, the— The COLONIAL TEEASUEEE explained. He stated at the time that he had excluded professional gentlemen and those whose salaries did not exceed £400. The Official Assignee's salaiy was £400 a year. Mr. EAEEE—The Official Assignee's salary, including the gratutity, was £500 a year. The COLONIAL TREASURER had stated that he had not taken into consideration the 25 peyjent, on the salaries. Mr. BAKER—The hon. member had then, according to his own statement) included the 25 per cent, in the one class of officers and excluded it in the others. The COLONIAL TREASURER—'That mode of estimating the salaries made the case more favourable to the hon. member. Mr. BAKER—It was always the best way to put forth statements that were truthful, ■whether favourable or not to any man's parti cular views. The Official Assignee had been in receipt of £700 or £800 a year for several years past, including his fees of office. Th hon. gentleman stated that he had read the evidence taken by the Estimates ~ Committee. If such was the case he had put forth state ments which were untrue; or if he had not done so his statements were founded in igno rance. The COLONIAL SECRETARY rose to order. The hon. gentleman was making use of language which was not becoming to the House. TTia language was verging upon that which could not be tolerated in tliat House. Mr. BARER—He has himself stated as true what is not true. The COLONIAL TREASURER (energeti cally)—No, Sir; it is false. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL was sure that the hon. member for Mount Barker would see on reflection that his language was too severe, He had not only accused the hoa. the Colonial Treasurer with stating what was false, but with doing so knowing it to be false. Mr. BARER had no intention to impute falsehood, tc the hon. the Colonial Treasurer, but merely to state that no reliance was to be placed on his calculations, and that his figures were not correct. He had referred to the Official Assignee as an illustration, and stated that he was in the receipt of more than £400 a year for several years past. The hon. member had said that he did not include professional gentlemen amongst the eight officers of Govern ment whose salaries exceeded that amount. "Was the Collector of Customs a professional gentleman ? The hon. gentleman's calculations showed either great ignorance, or he was inten tionally misleading the House. He (Mr. Baker) could, if he yere disposed to go through the list, show that there were about twenty Government officers whose salaries were £400 a year and upwards. There was the Deputy Inspector of Stamps whose salary was £400, and who had a house to live in. Was that office filled by a .professional gentleman P The hoh. member had also stated his case incor rectly by not including in his calculations the amounts due under the Clerks' Salary Act, which, in some eases, amounted to £30 or £40 a year. Then, again, he referred to the head of the South Australian Mining Association, whose position was of as great importance as that of the hon- gentleman himself. To have shown the question in a proper point of view, he should have taken the salaries of all the Government officers except the eight he had alluded to, and stated what was the average of the whole. In that case it would have appeared that the salaries of private establishments were much below those of Government officers. He did not know what tlje object of the lion, gen tleman was in holding up the Government service to the public so unfavourably; but he was certain that very little reliance could be placed on his figures, or if they were depended upon by the House lion, members would be altogether misled by them. The sala ries of the gentlemen in private establishments to which the hon. member had alluded were uot progressive, but those of the Government officers Were. That circumstance should also be taken into consideration. The hon. member should also have known that Mr. Stow had stated that Sir. Bartley was in error with respect to the amount stated by him before the Committee to have been paid to the clerks in his establishment. Also, that the hours of attendance were much greater than those of Government clerks. Mr. Tomkinson stated that the services of the Bank clerks could be commanded at any time by day or night; and Mr. Bartley said that those in Ins estab lishment were often required to remain in the office till a late hour at night. That ■was very different to the position o£ the Government clerks, who left their employ every day when the clock struck 4, whether their work was finished or not. lie did not wish to see them ill paid; but that they were well remunerated for the services they per formed was evident from the feet that when ever a vacancy occurred the members of that House received numerous applications, request ing them to use their influence to obtain ap pointments by those who sought them. The hon. gentleman said that one qr two Govern ment officers were looking for other engage ments. Why, it was shown in evidence before the Committee,, that a clerk in one of the private establishments to which the hon. gentle man had himself referred had left, for a Government employment, at a lower salary. That single fact was a proof that the shortness of the hours in the Government service was more than a compensation for the loss of salary. "With regard to the gratuities, he would remark that they Were granted at a time when provisions were unusually high. The Council were willing to pay the officers of Go vernment as liberally as the finances of the colony would allow, and if the hours of labour were increased, he, for one, would be willing to vote for a continuance of the 25 per cent, gra tuity. He would state in conclusion, in re ference to wliqt liqcj fallen fco,m the hop. the Colonial Treasure^ that, although that lion, member had made use qf a hasty expression undep the influence qf such apparently ill temper, he had no intention to cast any reflect tion upon that hon. gentleman's personal cha racter. He hoped, therefore, that the hon. member would retract the expression he had used. _ The expression was not warranted by anything which he had said, and it was only what was due to the House that it should be recalled* ■ . The COLONIAL SECfiETAkY was sure tlie hon. the Colonial Treasurer would with draw" his ..expression-if the hon. member for Mount Barker would do the same with regard ; to the unauthorized remark he had made. Mj.YBAKEB. said the hon,' . the Colonial Secretary must have been very obtuse if he did 'notknowtbat'he (Mr.- Baker) had coupled with his explanation-suvh an expression as was ne cessary, to deprive what he had- said of every thing which oould be considered offensive. I" vpEi iVawmtrMr; rncv * ottovp Thh3 COLOSIAL TEE AStJBEB, would state thus much. The hon. member for Mount Barker charged him with stating what was at variance with "facte j - that he had made state ments to the House which he knew were untrue. He therefore kada right to call upon the hon. member to withdraw his assertion. Mr. FGRSTER: quite understood the hon. member for Mount Barker to have statedwhat he did hypothetically. He' referred to the .evidence taken before the Committee on the Estimates, and remarked that if the hon. the Colonial Treasurer had read them, his state ments were contradictory thereto; or, if he liad not read them, that his statements were founded on ignorance. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL understood the hon. member for Mount Barker to say he did not impute falsehood to the lion, the Co lonial Treasurer. If he would repeat the few words he had used, and state to the House that he did not believe it was the intention of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer to mislead the House, he had no doubt the latter wouldwith draw the expression he had used. Mr. POKSTER thought the hon. the Speaker was bound to call upon the hon. the Colonial Treasurer to do so. The COLONIAL SECRETARY thought, if the question were to be discussed it would be advisable that the House Bkould first resume. It reminded him of what had formerly taken place in the Mr. BAKER—The hon. gentleman objects to the discussion, but is himself prolonging it. The COLONIAL SECRETARY was about to discuss the question before the House. Mr. REYNOLDS—The question before the House is on a point of order. Mr. BAKER thought the expression of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer should be taken down in writing The COLONIAL TREASURER—And tliat of the hon. member for Mount Barker. He, however, had sufficient confidence in the integrity of the gentlemen of the press who occupied the gallery to believe that they would ■ accurately publish what had been said. Mr. DT7XTOX moved that the House j resume, for the discussion of the question on the point of order which had been raised. Mr. FORSTER seconded this. The COLONIAL SECRETARY was about to make a resolution tor leave to withdraw ins motion when he was interrupted. He would not wish, however, to prejudice the question on a point of order. The CHAIRMAN did not tliink the motion i of the lion, member for Rust Adelaide could be entertained. The bon. the Colonial Secre taiy was in possession of the ekair when it was made. Mr, AN GAS—There was a feeling existing between two hon. members of a serious cha racter, affecting the freedom of debate, which should be disposed of before any other business. Mr. BAGOT hoped the House would re sume. If the Colonial Secretary were to be allowed to withdraw his motion, the question would remain unsettled between the hon. the Colonial Treasurer and the hon. member for Mount Barker. The CHAIRMAN said his own impression was that the Colonial Secretary wa's inter rupted when the proposition was made that the House should resume, but he was in the hands of the Council. If they were of opinion that the motion was in order he would put it. (Hear, hear.) The motion was then put and carried, the House resumed, and the Chairman reported progress. Mr. DTTTTON then called the attention of the Council to the circumstance that during the sitting of the Committee certain expres sions had Ii3en used which required explana tion, inasmuch as they involved a question of order. Mr. AN GAS had paid attention to the debate during which the expressions complained of occurred. The hon. the Colonial Treasurer made a statement with regard to Government officers' salaries, which 1/e said was founded upon certain facts and figures, to which he referred. The lion, member for Mount Barker, in commenting upon this, made use of an expression calculated to cause irritation in the mind of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer. Such was his impression. It struck him forcibly at the time that the hon. member for Mount Barker was indulging in personalities which were scarely justifiable when he made the imputation of inaccuracy respecting the statements of the hon the Colonial Treasurer. Mr. BAILER had made no unfounded im putation. He referred to the hQU, member's figures, and showed in what respect they were inaccurate. Mr. ANGAS continued—He thought the expression of the hon. member unnecessarily severe, and its effect upon the public mind would be to lead to the inference that the hon. the Colonial Treasurer had wilfully stated what were not facts. He, however, admitted that the hon. member's explanation was all that could be required, inasmuch as it went to show that he only intended to assert that the hon. the Colonial Treasurer had only stated what could not be supported by facts. It was one tiling to use hard arguments, and another to use hard words. Their conduct towards each other should at all limes he courteous and gentlemanly. He should have regarded tile language of the hon. member tor Mount Barker, if addressed to him, as extremely severe, but he believed he did not intend to make any unjustifiable imputation upon the lion, member's character, or which would have the effect of wounding his feelings. He also thought his explanation was perfectly satisfactory, and that the hon. the Colonial Treasurer should have aimitted this. As to the subsequent expres sion of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer, it was calculated to wound the feelings of the hon. member for Mount Barker. He ought to have accepted the explanation of the hon. member for Mount Barker, and should withdraw the expression he had himself used, " It is false." If he would do so he was quite sure the hon. member for Mount Barker would make any further explanation which could be reasonably required. He thought that, as a general prin ciple, whenever any hon. member made a statement, however erroneous it might be in itselfj it should be regarded qs the bona fide conyjction of the speaker as to its truth. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL remarked that the expressions used by the hon. members did not much differ. The one had accused the other of saying that which was untrue, and the other had replied that it was false. He imagined that the hon. the Speaker would call upon both the hon. members to withdraw the expressions. The SPEAKER wished to be made fully ac quainted with the language complained of. Though he was in the House at the time, he was not supposed to have an accurate know ledge pf the precise words used, so as to be able to act upon it. Mr. FORSTER, as the seconder pf the mor ■ tion, would state l}is impression of what had occurred in addition to what had already been advanced. The subject of complaint he under stood to be, that the hon. the Colonial Trea surer had, in reply to what had fallen from the hon. member for Mount Barker, started from his seat in a state of considerable excitement and cried out " It is false." He thought such an expression was contrary to the rules of that House, and that the lion, member was bound to withdraw it. He regarded it not so much as a question between the hon. the Colonial Treasurer and the hon. member for Mount Barker, as between the hon. the Colonial Trea surer and the House. He was sure tliat the hon. the Colonial Treasurer would on reflec tion admit that he had transcended the rules of the House in making use of tlie expression he had employed, qnd that it wqs due to the House that he should retract it. After he liad done sa, if the expression of the hon. member for Mount Barker was alluded to, lie would be ready to express his opinion respecting it. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL—Was the allegation of the lion. (Cries of " Spoke, spoke.") ! The SURVEYOR-GENERAL proposed to throw some additional light upon the subject. The hon. member for West Adelaide had ex pressed his opinion that the bon. the Colonial Treasurer should retract the expression he had used. That expression was, " It is false." But what gave rise to it'? Why, the hon. member for Mount Barker said the statement of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer was untrue. Where was the difference between the two expressions ? The expression of the lion, member for Mount Barker should, therefore, be first withdrawn. (" It is ; it is.") It was understood that the House had resumed for that purpose. The SPEAKER remarked that whatever bad been done in Committee could not then be taken into consideration. The rules of the House required that the hon. member should do whatever the House deemed necessary to preserve order. The SURVEYOR-GENERAL continued He had put the House in possession of the facts of the case. The hon. memoir for Mount Barker had sai respecting a : statement of the hon. the Colonial Trea surer, that it was untrue; at which the latter stalled up in a state of. excitement, and rebutted the charge, which, under the cir cumstances of the ease, was scarcely .to be wondered it. Mr. BLYTH referred to the 29th clause of the Standing Orders, and remarked that the expressions of both of the hon. members were contrary thereto,, He moved— ** That the language used by tbe hon. member for Mount Barker in the Committee was opposed to the order* of thla.CotiBOll, belngoontraiy to the nssgs* of Parliament j and that the language of "the hon. the Treasurer was equal]; apposed, to the orders 'of this -Coaaeil for the same reason." The COLONIAL SECRETARY seconded the motion. - Mr. BAKER would not hare interfered with the debate but that he had been misre presented. It had been stated tliat lie had asserted that the remarks of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer were untruthful. That statement was calculated to convey a - false impression with, respect to what- lie had said. The facta were that the hon. member had admitted having included in one of his calcu lations respecting the salaries of Government officers the 25 per cent, gratuities, and in another that it was omitted; in reference to which he had stated that such a statement would not represent the truth. The COLONIAL SECRETARY remarked that the hon. member had used many other expressions in reference to what fell from the hon. the Colonial Treasurer besides that to which he had referred. He supposed, however, that neither of the hon. members would deli berately make any statement but what they believed to be strictly true. Mr. HUGHES would have much pleasure in supporting the motion of the hon. member for Yatala. He expressed regret at the lan guage used by the hon. member for Mount Barker, and felt sure that if such remarks were used in the House debates would not be con ducted in the spirit they should be. He con sidered that those remarks would call forth the expressionmade use of by the Colonial Treasurer from any gentleman of spirit; but still it was necessary to conduct the business of the Council without resorting to such forms of speech. Mr. BAGOT did not approve of the motion of the hon. member for Yatala, for if it was passed, an equal censure would be given to the hon. member for Mount Barker and to the hon, the Colonial Treasurer. As far as he could judge, the hon. member for Mount Barker withdrew the offensive expression by explanation to the Committee, and it would, therefore, be unfair to do more than require the hon. the Colonial Treasurer to place him self in a similar position with regard to the House as the hon. member for Mount Barker had already done to the Committee. Mr. FORSTER -was sorry the motion had been iramed so as to censure both lion, mem bers, because he could not agree that the expression uscq. by the hou. member for Blount Barker transcended the rules of the House. The words were probably calculated to irritate; but after the explanation given by the liou. mem ber for Mount Barker, to the effect that he had no intention to impute a falsity to the lion, the Colonial Treasurer, he (Mr. Forster) must say that lie considered, though the language might have irritated, the exclamation of the Colonial Treasurer was unjustifiable; and he would again repeat that, as a duty to the House, and not simply to the lion, member for Mount Barker, the lion, the Colonial Treasurer ought to retract his expression. He must express his regret that the Colonial Treasurer had not risen and at once acknowledged (after the explanation of the hon. member for Mount Barker) his regret at using language of the character alluded to. He wo aid repeat that what the liou. member for Mount Barker had said was only put to the Committee hypotheti cally, and could not properly be, in his (Mr. Forster's) opinion, taken in the sense the hon. tlje Colonial Treasurer had taken it. He had said that the remark of the hon, member for Mount Barker did not transcend the rules of the House; if it did, then language which the hon. the Colonial Secretary had made use of on a former occasion had also done so in an equal or, perhaps, even greater degree, That hon, gentleman had said in the House on one occasion—" If the hon. gentleman [alluding to some hon,member then engaged in debate] says so and so I cannot attach any further credit to anything he may say in the House." He (Mr. Forster) would contend that the remark of the hou. member for Mount Barker did I0'' transcend the rules of the House more than those of the Colonial Secretary, whieh he had just quoted. The SPEAKER interposed, and suggested that if it was intended by'the hon. member for, Mount Barker to impute a bad motive to the hon. the Colonial Treasurer, he should be equally liable to be called on to retract such expression as had been complained of as the hon. the Colonial Treasurer would to retract the offensive exclamation he made use of. The ABVOCATE-GENERAL would ask the hon." member for Tfet Adelaide whether he did not recollect that it was when the hon. member for Mount Barker said, "the hon. the Colonial Treasurer admitted that his state ments were untruthful," that the hon. gentle man alluded to arose and exclaimed, " Jt is false." He would ask the hon, member for West Adelaide whether such was not the fact of the case. Mr. FORSTER replied that his impression as to the fact was different to that just stated by the hon. the Advocate-General; but even admitting that it was true that the hon. mem ber for Mount Barker made use of those words, it did not justify the hon. the Colonial Trea surer in making' use of the offensive expression, " It is fills*." The COLONIAL TREASURER said he did not think it necessary to allude to the re marks of the hon. member who had just re sumed his seat, as that hon. gentleman with otiie; • could only speak as to their impressions and not positively. Several hon. members who had spoken appeared to he under theimpresion that the hon. member for Mount Barker had withdrawn certain expressions used towards him (the Colonial Treasurer), aud which had called for a retort. The language the hon. member used was that " the Colonial Treasurer had made statements to the House which were not true, and that he made those statements necessarily knowing they were not true." Upon (hat lie (the Colonial Treasurer) rose and said, " That is false." The hon. members who had spoken appeared to be under the impression that the hon. member for Mount Barker had retracted the words calling for the exclamation from him (the Colonial Treasurer). He was not under that impression, hut rather that the hon, member had sought—Tie would assume under a lapse of memory—to give his remark a slightly different colouring to that it bore at first. It was for this reason he (the Colonial Treasurer) had abstained from withdrawing the expression he had used. Since that time the House had resumed. He had not had the opportunity of saying this much in Committee because of so many hon. members rising to give their impressions of the circumstance. The Speaker had stated that a retractation was due to the House, and other hon. members had said so too. He (the Colonial Treasurer) should ever be ready to give to the House all thaf was its due; and when his honour was attacked and he felt compelled to defend himself he did so with reluctance within the House, and never with any desire to violate the tone of feeling which ought to subsist within its walls. He could sincerely state that he had never intentionally used offensive language towards any one, though he lrnd done so in reply. He would leave the matter in the hands of the hon. the Speaker, resting satisfied, from that hon. gentleman's high tone of feeling, liis sense of honour, and of what was due to a gentle man, that his honour would be safe in the hon. gentleman's hands. The hon. the Speaker had said that a retractation should he made in the House and to the House, and if the hon. member for Mount Barker would retract the offensive expression used towards hint (the Colonial Treasurer), he would be happy to withdraw that made use of to the hon. member, But he would repeat that he did not distinctly understand such a oourse had already been pursued by the hon. member for Mount Barker as had been alleged, and he should wait for such understanding. Mr. BAKER said if he was to understand that what the hon. the Speaker had said in volved the necessity for an explanation on Ins part of what had already been explained, he should adopt that suggestion. In the Com mittee he had voluntarily, for he was not called upon to do so, explained away to the best of his ability any impression that might have re mained on the mind of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer, that he (Mr. Baker) accused him of saying anything intentionally which he knew to be untrue. He had said of the figures of the hon. the Colonial Treasurer that they had not conveyed a truthful impression, and he would repeat now that they did not convey facts ; and he was sure if the , Colonial Treasurer would compare them | now, he would find they did not agree with the i Estimates. That was the statement he (Mr. ! I Baker) made, and that was what he intended ' to convey. He would again repeat that he had no inteatjon whatever to go beyond that; and he wished the House to re member that he had not made that ex planation once only, but he repeated it at the close of his observations, and thus apolo gised twice for the expression. He thought that was doing as much as any member could be expected to do who had unintentionally offended another, and he had also thought that he (the Colonial Treasurer), after the ex planation offered, ought to have withdrawn, in a manly and ' proper ^spirit, the expression made use of hv him.. * The AHVOCATE-GEHEEAH felt quite sure that,after. that explanation the hon. the Colonial Treasurer would adopt the suggestion so generally made. - The COLONIAL TREASURER would wish to have a clear 'understanding in the matter, and ti> know that the offensive expres sion was withdrawn in simple and unmistaka ble terms and 'without the use of ambiguous language inr the' explanation, and then lie woulrl, in equally simple terms, withdraw the exclamation he had used; for even, now he did not understand that the hon. member for Mount Barker had withdrawn his offensive ex pression. 33ut if lie (the Speaker) decided that the hon. member had by his explanation with drawn it, he (the Colonial Treasurer) would then withdraw his expression without any re servation whatever. He appealed to the hon. the Speaker to say whether the hon. member for Mount Barker had distinctly withdrawn his offensive expression. The SPEAKER would first enquire whether the hon. member for Yatala pressed his motion, or was the House satisfied to leave the matter to his (the Speaker's) discretion. Mr. BLYTH intimated that he would withdraw it, and leave was accordingly given. The SPEAKER then said he would give his opinion on the express understanding that each of the hon. members whose conduct had given rise to the discussion would be satisfied with his decision. It appeared that in the course of discussion in Committee certain expressions were made use of by the hon. member for Mount Barker referring to the hon. the Colo nial Treasurer wlxichcaused irritation, to which that gentleman replied, using language not justifiable by the rules of the House or by parliamentary usage, Jt had been admitted that the hon. member for Mount Barker had made use in Committee of the expression com plained of, and in bis explanation that hon. gentleman had attributed an inoffensive mean ing to his language. He (the Speaker) there fore requested—bo would not say required— both bin. members to withdraw the expres sions complained of, and in justice to them to give their word that the matter should go no further. Mr. BAKER said be liad already explained twice, and he feared he might fail again if he attempted it a third time. (A slight pause.) The SPEAKER—Would both hon, mem bers assure him that tboy withdrew the words forming the ground of offence ? The COLOKTAL TREASURER said lie would follow the Speaker's ruling, and would ask which should be the first to withdraw liis ■expression, (daughter.) The SPEAKER thought they should at once mutually agree to withdraw the cause of offence. Mr. BAKER said as it appeared t-o he the Speaker's wish he would withdraw bis expres sion—(bear, bear)—and in doing so he would say that he considered that he was doing more than he ought to do. The COLONIAL TREASURER sad he also withdrew the expression he had used— (hear, hear)—-and at the saine time he with drew every feeling of irritation towards the hon. member for Mouut Barker, and held the same sentiments precisely as regarded that gentleman as before the present occurrence. (Hear, hear.) The SPEAKER would be glad if the hon. member would giys the Hoi+se a pledge that the matter should go no further. The COLONIAL TREASURER-As £ir as I am concerned the matter shall go no further. Mr. BAKER—And I have a wife and six children. (Laughter.) That is my guarantee, INSOLVENCY COMMISSIQNELv3 BILL, This BiU was then read a third time and passed, BUSINESS OF COUNCIL. On the motion of the COLONIAL SECRE TARY, the business which was placed on the notic-e paper for that day w^s allowed to stand in its order as the first business of the following day (Friday)» TheXJouucil then adjourned. MESSAGE. During the day the following Message was received from the Governor:— The Governor has the honour to return to the Legislative Council two copies of the under* 1 mentioned Acts of the present session, duly sealed and endorsed, viz.:— No. 7. " To consolidate and amend the laws relating to the conveyance and transfer of real and personal property vested in Mortgagees and Trustees." Assented to 2nd April, 1856. No. 8. "To amend the laws relating to Aliens." Reserved for the signification of the Queen's pleasure, 28th March, 1856. No. 9. "To give further remedies to creditors against persons removing from one Australian colony to another." Assented to 2nd April, 1856\. * /' No. 10. "To provide for the election of members to serve in the Parliament of South Australia." Assented to 2nd April, 1S56. Friday, April 4. The Speaker took the chair at 2 o'clock. PETITIONS. Mr. BLYTH presented the following peti tion from 228 inhabitants of this province, praying for the abolition of the office of Com missioner of Police, and the re-appointment of Mr. Tohner as Superintendent "To tlio Honourable the 1cjislafcive Council of South Australia. "The memorial of the undersigned inhabitants of the province " Respectfully showetli— 4i That in the opinion of your memorialists, when the financial shite of the colony*requires pcoijioniy reduction should beiriq vrith juniors in the service, and not vritli seniors, :iitd retrenchment with large expenditures instead of small ones; especially in the Police Department, wbere, in three years, irom 1952 to 3855, the exoenditurc seems to have unaccountably risen from less than £ 10,000 to nearly £50,000, £10,000 more than the whole expense of governing the colony in 1810, without any correspond ing iuvrease in tluTpopulaiion, which, m 1853, was 78,000, and the cost £20,000. la 1855 it was ouly 12.000 more, and the cost of the Police app?ars to have been £18,000. " It is also the o inion of your memorialists that in this department a Superintendent is indispensable to the discipline and efficiency of the Force, and that the Commissioncrship is only an expensive and useless appendage. " Tour memorialists are further of opinion that a Superintendent of Police, aided by a Pay or Commis sariat Clerk, could discharge every duty requisite to the efficient and proper management of the force; that the Executive coula as easily communicate with a Superin tendent as with a Commissioner; that the abolition of the CommissiQuership, therefore, and a restoration of the Sqperintondenov, with the - re-appointment of Mr. Tofmer to the office, would not only be wise and econo mical measures, but the only ones that will give satis faction to the colony. "Your memorialists beg it may be distinctly under stood by your Honourable Council that, in thus candidly expressing their sentiments on matters relative to the protection of their properties, their families, and their lives, they intend not one syllable of disrespect to ller Majesty's representative, whose expressed desire on all occasions is to govern according to the wishes of the people. 44 Your memorialists, therefore, respectfully pray your Honourable Council to take tbe subject of tins memo-; rial into consideration, and present au address to His Excellency thj Govenior-in-Coief, recommending the abolitiou ef the Commissioncrship of Police, the resto ration of the Superintendence', and there-appoiu4ment of Mr. Tolraer to the office, in order that the colony may still have the beiieiit of his valuable services, and the Colonial Treasury the advantage of reduced expenditure eoDse ineut thereon.*' The petition was received and read. THE ESTIMATES. The COLONIAL SECRETARY submitted the following statement oh the subject of the Estimates, to correct an impression which j might obtain from a remark made in the House "on the previous day:—: " Whilst desirous of aiding the Legislature in all economical reforms, that the Executive is not prepared to strip itself of its proper functions and responsibilities; but that the Government will bring forward their own estimates founded on what they, and not on what the Committee —with whom they, nevertheless, agree in the main—believe to he most just and most advan tageous to the public. They have hefore them now all the evidence taken fey the Select Com mittee, together with additional information to guide them, and are animated by just as zealous a desire as the Committee to uphold the public interests—a matter which, when the proper time comes, they will leave with con fidence to the Legislature to decide." ADJOURNMENT OF THE COUNCIL. I The COLONIAL SECRETARY would ask permission to settle this question before pro ceeding to any other business, otherwise it would be so late in the day before the question I could possibly be brought on that in all proba ; bility it would escape notice altogether. Leave was given, and The COLONIAL SECRETARY then moved— ' That the Ctmscil at its rising- da adjourn until Tues day, the 15th April, in order to afford time to prepare revised Estimates."' He need not take up time with remarks on this subject. The Estimates seemed to be re garded as the principal business to be brought before the CouncD this session, and while the House was discussing important Bills it was impossible for him to devote time to the revision of the Estimates, and bring them on so early, as would be the case if the Council consented to an adjournment. Understanding that such a course would meet with general approval, he should content himself with simply moving the resolution he had read. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL seconded. Mr. BAKER (referring to the statement read by the Colonial Secretary with regard to the Estimates) 6aid the statement of the lion, the Colonial Secretary was tantamount to saying that the Select Committee on the Esti mates had taken upon itself the functions of the Executive Government, He (Mr. Baker) thought that statement might have been better held over until.,the discussion on the fourth report of the Committee oh the Estimates, of ; which notice had been given that day. As it was it would hays the effect of prejudicing the Souse on the subject before the report wqs discussed. The Governqieiit had brought forward its Estimates which had been referred to a Select Committee, and he' confessed be could not see the object of the minute read by the Colonial Secretary, and should be glad jf that lion, gentleman would explain. The COLONIAL SECRETARY said the necessity for the statement arose out of the remarfcs made by the hon. member for Mount Barker in debate on tlie previous day which he (the Colonial Secretary) was unable to reply to. That hon. gentleman was reported to nave said that he understood the Government in tended that the Estimates should be brought forward amended in accordance with the sug gestions contained in tlie reports of the Select Committee. He (the Colonial Secretary) had in tended to hare added the qualification that the Government would amend the Estimates in accordance with the reports of the Committee as far as it was deemed advisable, or as far as it was possible to do so. It was that qualifica tion being left out which made the remark seem to imply that the Government would follow implicitly the recommendations of the Committee. The Government did in a great measure accede to the reports; but there was some points on which they could not agree in tlie conclusions drawn by the Committee, and ! how far those conclusions extended the Go vernmenfc had not yet decided. That was the : reason why the Estimates could not yet be brought forward. He did not wish for the Government to be prejudiced by a wrong inter pretation of bis observations. Mr. BAKER never intended to put any in terpretation upon the statements of the hon. the Colonial Secretary other than that the : Government would bring in the Estimates amended as far as possible in accordance with the recommendation of the Committee. Mr. REYNOLDS said he should oppose i the questio.n about to be put to the House , respecting an adjournment, because the pro ceedings of the Committee" had been before the Government day after day, so that they might, hive arranged to have brought the Estimates before the House at the close of the sitting of the Committee. He was convinced if the House did adjourn for the time proposed lhe position of affairs would be the same then as now. He did not see that anything would be gained,and it would only be prolonging unneces sarily the sitting of Council, He should there-! fore oppose the motion. Mr. FGRBTER was not aware that it was a general wish tliat the House should adjourn. He had neverbeen communicated with upon tlie subject, and as far as he was concerned he was very much opposed to an adjournment. There was a great deal of business before the House, and he hoped it would not adjourn until that had been gone through. He thought a great deal of time had been wasted by the alteration of the hour of sitting, and he should almost he prepared to move for the re-adoption of the hour of 1 o'clock. ^r* DTTTTON should opposs any adjourn- | ment of tiie Council. lie considered that the , Government officers ought not to complain of want of time for the preparation of the Esti mates. They were hound to find time ; and if they could not perform the work in the day time, they should sit up at night, as business men did when they found a pressure of busi- j ness upon their hands. If the question came to a division he should vote against the ad journment. Mr. KINGSTON thought it would be better ] for the House to adjourn for a few days, and return to business refreshed, instead of hum bugging there day after day, Mr. SCQTT did not like the plan of the J Council continuing to meet day after day, and doing notliing. It was all very well to say that the Government ought to have had the Esti mates ready, but " ought to do and doing" were two very different things. Ife could not take upon himself to. say whether they ought j or ought nc,t tQ ha ready; but if the Estimates Were not prepared, it was certain that it would he better to adjourn to allow time for their \ preparation. He should be glad if a sitting could be conducted from the commencement l to the end without any adjournments till the business was all transacted. ' j Mr. BLYTH was quite sure there was enough business on the notice paper for many days to come. They had no evidence that the Estimates would be laid on the table even at the end of the adjournment, or he would agree to it. He was assured that the Estimates would he laid upon the table at the close of the Easter recess, but nothing had as yet been seen of I them. He did not understand that all the members of the Government would be required to prepare those Estimates, and therefore he | thought the adjournment could not be urged upon the ground that the Government mem bers would be required to be absent from the House. As far as he was personally con cerned, he should like an adjournment as well as any lion., mnmner in the House; but when be remembered that the Council bad as yet done so little, and there was so much to do, he felt he must oppose it . Mr. BAKER said if the Government had J not really prepared their Estimates, and stated tliat it was impossible to go, on with them as long as the Council sat, it would be an economy of time to, adjourn to allow time for j the preparation. He confessed he was sur prised that this adjournment was necessary, because they bad been told time after time that the delay of business was caused by waiting for the report of the Committee on the Esti mates. He had inferred that the courtesy of I tlia Government restrained tliem from laying the Estimates upon the table until the final report of the Committee had been brought up. That did not appear to have been the case, ho wever; and if the Government were desirous of an adjournmeat, to enable them to prepare the Estimates, he should consent to it. But he could state that the evidence taken by tbe Committee was from day to day laid before tbe bead of the Government, and in many in stances the suggestions of the Committee were acted upon, and its recommendations j forestalled. He would consent to an ad journment, but he would ask the House that it should be such an adjournment as would allow time to the Colonial Secretary to prepare the Estimates, and such a date as would enable that hon. gentleman to pledge himself that they | should be laid before the House on its re assembling. He (Mr. Baker) believed the j best course that could he followed, however, I wo'uld be for hon. members not to place any ! mo.re business on the notice-paper, but to j discuss those motions of which notice had | already been given, and then adjourn. During that time the Colonial Secretary could devote a portion of his time to going on with the Esti mates, and then he would be able to specify j the length of time he would require to finish thorn. Mr. AN GAS entirely agreed with the re marks of the hon. member for Mount Barker. I That was the only way of getting out of the difficulty caused by the involved state of the business of Council, resulting from tiie waut of j business-like tqci on the part of the Govern- ! ment. The hon, the Colonial Secretary ought I to have had the Estimates already properly I prepared, Daring (he discussion of the last adjournment of the House it might be remem bered that he (Mr. Angas) suggested that the I adjournment should be for four or fiye weeks, and if that suggestion had been carried out business would have been in. a much better position, Never during any period of its existence had the business of the Council been worse conducted than during the present session. His attention had been called to the duration of the several sessions of Council, and he found that the first occupied four and j a half months, the second three months, ! the third four and a half months, the fourth : four and a half months, and there they were with five months of the present sitting already passed, and with lousiness before the House that would require at least two months more to transact. It could not be said that there had been a greater amount of business before the Council this session than during others ; there had been considerably less. Under such, circumstances, a natural enquiry arose as to what this was'owing to. Perhaps there was a want of unanimity on the part of the members ol the Government; it might have arisen from that cause. However, from whatever cause it had arisen, they were now to decide a question affecting the present longer continuance of the sitting. He should have no objection to move that the House adjourn for three weeks from the coining Tuesday if the Colonial Secretaiy would be prepared not only with the Estimates, but also with all the Bills of the session. He (Mr. Ati gas) thought it would he no loss of time to allude to the manner in which : legislative business wes conducted in the neigh bouring colonies, and as an instance to quote New Zealand, where members of Council de I voted sis hours each day, and dispatched a i very extraordinary amount of business. Surely 1 with the advantages this Council had in num I bering among its members men of high capa bilities, business ought ,to. be transacted in a manner equally prompt. He was of opinion that the whole of the responsibility of the delay rested upon the bon, the Colonial Secretaiy, who was the moving machine, and who had it. in his power so to arrange the business as that twice as much might have been done as had been brought before the Council. The prolon gation of the session had already led the public to draw exceedingly unpleasant infe j-enoes, and to suppose that the members of that House were incapable of conducting the public business—an inference not supportedhy the feet. Under these circumstances, be would beg to move'&s; an amendment that the Honse adjourn until the 29th inStant, instead of the time proposed by the "hon. the Colonial Secre tary, on the understanding that that gentleman be prepared then to lay the Estimates and other business before t*"> House. Mr. KINGSTON seconded. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL said the hon. member for Barossa' had attached to his amendment a condition that he could scarcely expect to be received. He would inform the hon. gentleman that the hon. the Colonial Secretary was not the "moving machine" of the Government, but only an officer of GovernG ment—the Governor held that position. The hon. member had alluded to the delay in the bringing forward the Estimates; but it could not be expected that the Government shoiild: be in a position to have placed them before the House at an earlier period, pending the delibe rations of a Committee whose suggestions they were desirous of examining. If hon. members would take the trouble to enquire into Jthe nature and extent of the labours of the officers of Government—especially those of the! hon. j the Colonial Seoretary—they would find them 1 protracted for beyond Government hours, or 1 ordinary business hours. Thus, when the meeting of Council was adjourned,' they were engaged in. the performance of their public duties until a late hoar in the evening. . It was desirable to have an adjournment, and he was disposed to support the amendment of the hon. member for Barossa, for he believed if the House adjourned it would allow of the proro ! gation of the Council at an earlier period, than otherwise: ! The amendment was then put and affirmed, and thus became a substantive motion. Mr. HART moved au amendment upon it, to the effect that as soon as the business at preseut on the notice-paper had. been discussed the Council should adjourn to allow time for the preparation of the Estimates. It was ob vious that there w&b; a large amount of business upon the notice-paper which, would Boon be got through if the minds of hon. members were not pro-occupied by the consideration of , the Estimates. He hoped the House would i agree to the amendment, as there were some important questions yet to he discussed, espe cially the Scab Act, the Real EstateDescent Bill, &c.;, which he thought it would be well to dispose of before the Estimates were touched. Mr. NEALjSS seconded, agreeing that it would be better to dispose of the business . before the House previously to. au adjaurn j ment, which might be easily managed by the coming Thursday. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL hardly an- . derstood the propriety of the amendment. If I it was meant that the Sills before, the Council should be parried before the House adjourned, ; it would be at least a fortnight or three weeks before the adjournment took place,, and there i fore they had betler negative the motion for adjournment altogether. It would he impos-' sible for the Council to prevent any other hon. member introducing now measures, and as an instance of the impossibility ofjenrrying all the , I business through by the next Thursday, he would mention the Seal Estate Descent JBiU, which would be accompanied by another .mea j sure yet to he brought before the House, to be : considered at the same time. He should 'op | pose the amendment. H the Council pro; , ceeded with any business, let them entertain 1 | the general business of the session ; if the ] ; House decided to adjourn, no period could be t better for it than, the present. He would re peat that the Council would be prorogued at au earlier day if the motion for present ad- : journment was carried than if the House | adopted any .other course. ' j 1 Mr, HUGHES agreed in the remarks made i by the hon. the Advocate-General, but thought it was desirable that the hon. gentleman should | explain what ■ was proposed to be done with , the Steam Postal Communication Bill, in case | of the adjournment of the House. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL replied that if the Council admitted the principle of the measure by allowing the second reading, it would enable the Government to convey the ! lact that the Council was favourable to the project—the only reason for pressing the Bill on a former occasion. The proposition was then put, when there were— Ayes—Messrs. Angas, Davenport, Watts, Stirling, MacDermott, Hughes, Scott, Kingston, Colonial Treasurer, Colonial Secre tary, and Advocate-General. Noes—Messrs, Hart, Reynolds, Blyth, Dutton, Eorater, Baker, and Neales. Majority of four in favour of the motion of the hon. member for Barossa. SCAB ACT. Mr. BAKER asked what was proposed to be done with the Scab Act during the recess, to prevent the destruction of property which must take place unless the provisions of the Act were suspended. The ADVOCATE-GENERAL said as far as he was able to form an opinion, the Inspec tor would be instructed to act in such a manner as to avoid the destruction of property, inas-. much as "the provisions of the Act were not compulsory but premissive, and that course would bo pursued until the Council should show that it was not accordant with its views. Mr. BAKER expressed his obligation to the hon the Advocate-General for the information on a subject so important to many persons in the colony; and he hoped he should not he considered as pressing the point too closely if he asked whether those instructions would be of a general kind, because the Act empowered other persons besides Inspectors to take certain steps in such cases. The ADV OCATE-GENERAL said his own belief was that instructions had been given to the Inspectors to act in the mannerliehad mentioned, unless under such a circumstance as diseased sheep being brought into the market or liable to be slaughtered, when, they would be seized; but they would not be seized on the property of the owner until a decision had been arrived at by the Council upon the sub ject. Mr. BAKER would ask whether the pro visions of the Bill did not give authority to the Inspecior or any other person in the mat ter of a seizure; and, if soj whether those other persons would be placed under the same The ADVOCATE-GENERAL said he had not got the Act by him just then for reference, but he would answer the qu;etioi» at a later period of the day. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH TO MEL BOURNE. The COLONIAL SECRETARY moved the House into Committee to consider "his motion on tlha subject;—. "That an address be presented to His Excellency the Govern Ur-ln-Chief, requesting him to take steps for the construction of a line of electric telegraph, at tbe joint cost of the respective Governments of Victoria and South Australia, between Adelaide and hfelhourne, with inter1 mediate stations; and, preliminary to this object^ to incur such expenditure, not "exceeding £500, as may he necessary to survey, tho line of country, and procure re ports and estimates upon which to base the provisions of an Act of Council. Mr. REYNOLDS thought that other and more important matteis should be considered in preference, as the House had decided to ad journ. The COLONIAL SECRETARY thought there would be no opposition to the motion, as there conld be no two opinions as to the expe diency of the project. He would state the course he should propose to pursue with regard to the business 0$ the day. Be. should ask the Council to adjourn the consideration of the Civil Service Retirement Repeal Bill and the Civil Service Retirement Amendment Bill, and to proceed with the others mentioned on the notice-paper, Mr. ANGrAS considered the motion with regard to the electric telegraph exceedingly premature, and he should oppose it, though no one had a greater desire than he had to see a speedy communication established with the other colonies. But he considered four years hence would be quite soonenough to commence the proposed project of carrying an electric telegraph, communication to Melbourne. Though the Colonial Secretary had said, it would only require £500, he (Mr. Angas) felt perfectly certain it would require at least three times £500. Mr. DUTTON thought it would be charity to point out to the hon. member for Barossa that the sum just mentioned was the amount required for the surrey, Mr. ANGAS was quite aware of that i but he was sure there wopld.be no limit to the ex penditure in the matter. It was inconsistent on the part of the Government to project schemes of that sort, and ask for the expendi ture of money upon them, while theysllowed the road communication in the province to re main in a state which rendered it dangerons to travel even on horseback. ■ The COLONIAL SECRETARY.roseto a point of order. The hon. gentleman was dis-: cussing the question itself, when the motioii before the House" was simply that they should, go into Committee on the subject. " . Mr. ANGAS waa not aware of that", jot he would not have rnaAe* a remark. , He;WOul& content himself with saying he should rote against it. The House frhgn resolved into Committee. The COLONIAL SECRETARY §qidfin moving the proposition as above) its would take up the, points mentioned-bythe "hon. member for. Barossa. That'hod. gentleman considered the presenttime was premature for the introduction of a proposal.for. electric tele graph communication with, the-'ia^joining colony. _He (the Colonial Secretary): voulS observe, in reply; that it would: he: a snsk of great magnitude, and. would occup^. UOOQSL* derable time before it was. completed, Jbeauisa the apparatus .would liave to be seat; for'to a great distance. The "survey whiobtherhon. member seemed to think would tost £1,500 would, consist of merely traveling across the Country—-require only an"eye sketch,1', ie as to ascertain what impediments .would thave to be overcome, and , what positionswoukL ho suitable for station^ The 'whole,.distance would not be 400 miles as badbeen'etated, but: 260 miles' only.' The.distance,fromJiieJaide to Fenola was 260 miles ; from Penola Jto (Fort land was' V5 miles; and from Portland to Mel bourne 210 miles, and .that would bethe route of the proposed line of telegraph.- It jtos pro posed that His Excellency. tbeiGovemor should put himself. into V communication with the authorities in . Melbourne," among ther ways ;by dispatching Mr-.: Todd,; the Superintendent of the Telegraph {who:: had shown his skill apd complete acquaintanbewitli the telegraph system) by the loupetprogased, in order to eurtey thc line pf country, and.cpnfer with the Melbourne authorities, and tpfnako suctrprel iminary enquiries as would enable'the Government to prepare, a - Bill on the subject if it was thought desirable.. He (the Colonial * Secretary) Understood'that with two wires ft would not cost more than £100 .per mile. .- The sole-object at the present, tinie was iom&ko; preliminary enquiries, and if the, "Victorian Government would not join in the scheme it would drop to the. ground.; 'Hooking to the i principle of telegraphic communication,: the House would agree that the present plan was I one of the" greatest advances that .-could,: be ! made, conferring immense benefit upon :fhe commercial interests 'of the colony, givingim mediate information of the state of the Mel bourne markets, and also of news fromEuropu arriving at 'Melbourne per the mails, and. placing'Adelaide' in this respect in apposition equally favourable! to that Melbourne -would, enjoy when the steam postal communication: came into operation. It was ni> slight con sideration, also, that in the course, of a few years all these colonies would be connected by means of telegraphs; and it would he a; source of pride .and satis faction to think hereafter that that Council was ; first to move practically inthe matter.. ."While he was asking a; vote for "the preliminary ex penses, he was not asking the Council to pledge itself that the scbeme should be carried; out by Government. If private'individuals' .wpiild undertake it the Government' would glaclly afford encouragement. . _ ' .. ,. \- Mr. ANGAS asked why- should the scheme he undertaken when the roads of, this copntiy were yet in such a stati as to'"be;rendere!d im passable by ft few'showers of rain. , t The COLONIAL SECEETAET^-^500 would not make them passable.' - , s . Mr. At* GAS—The £500 asked tor was only the small end of the wedge. Mr. BUTTON seconded the", motion qf the hon. the Colonial Secretary, "highly approving of the scheme as .setting an important example to the other colonies. It would ^ve great facilities for conducting- the large business transacted between this colony and Tibtoria, at a cost immeasurably insignificant! in com parison with its advantages.' Indeed,. hehnew of nothing that had been brought beforethe Council during the present session that, hftd given him greater pleasure to support than the motion of the hon. the Colonial Secretary. The importance of the plan was increased ;by the feet that the ocean steamers would not in all probability stop .here. ■ - \- Mr. HUGHES, while agrecSng- gtoerally with the desirableness ofestablishmg ail dee* ' trie telegraph communication to Mribburne, must. vote against it in-' the form*' in1 vdncb the scheme was at present introduced.; Before they voted an expenditure upon the scheme fie held they should ascertain, its' cost, and he thought £100 per mile would not* by any means establish the proposed line of electric telegraph, especially'on the other side of the1 Murray. If the House .'agreed to the motibn he believed they would haVe to vote' £50,000 instead of £20,000 before'- the: schkne^ Vtias completed . . ... The "COLONIAL SECRETARY .wished *b disabuse* hon. members of false iinpres^ons. He had quoted from memory; and had qhbted the cost wrongly. He should have said .that it would be £50 a mile, and not £100. 'That .was Mr. Todd's estimate. Stations would be eitra. The resolution would. pledge the' Council to nothing; as to carry out the worlc "would require a Bill and a vote' for the money^ pr a "loan. Mr. HART felt sure that both the Honsei and the country would be. sensible, of the ad vantages of: telegraphic communication, with : Melbourne, and he thought' the estimate';' of £50 a mile would prove sufficient." Rut it would do no good tosend Mr. Todd acrpssthe country, who had probably never trayellfil ten miles in the colony, ' Let the Government, ad vertise*.for tenders for constructing the^'line, -stating the points along the route through which the line must pass. . The contractors would find the best route between the! point* without cost to the public." Mr. Matgeeige'e Port line had not cost £50 a mile, end h® would doubtless be ready to contract. to-cany one to Penola for that stun. ' The hon.member for Barossa was unfortunate in his reference ito Strathalbyn, for that would be on.theiibe qf route, and had a telegraph existed at the time of his viBifc Ins dangerous journey, might %kve been obviated at the cost of a message. JWheh telegraphs were proposed horthwkrd' tope was no opposition, but when, the 'south-eagt .dis- * trict was to be benefited there was Opposition. They had no roads, and' could not havp"them for years to come". It was but justice there fore, to let them have an electric telegraph.1 .* Mr. ANGAS did not see how electric Idle graphs could be a substitute forroadsl Goods could not be carried by electricity. The motipn committed the House specifically to tire expen diture. It would be impossible to draw back again after an agreementhad'bCen made /tolb the Government ' of Pretoria. Government should attend to its main duties, which'-mre social, and consisted in the protection, oflife and property, and not attend to. subsi diary matters. ■ •" ' Mr. BAVjKUPOBT was .'pereonajly \ ac quainted with the country to be Oversea, and thbughf that the cartage of posts there would not he extravagant: ' In the Dpseftrtheiq was plenty of scrub gum, which if not ^very straight was tough enough to bem-a-wire very well. Her had a favourable opinion! pf the projeot, audbn many grounds toougtocittoe duty arid interest' of. a ypung'cornm'nnjty to introduce the great social inventions of the age. ■ The expense ought not "to fell "wholly on the central .Government, but be, borne partly by the districts benefited. The'h'on. inembey for Barossa connected the motion * with the railway question. It was quite. distinct." On a railway the telegraph was ' wanted for pur poses of -safety. Here it' was for eonvaiieace^ The telegraph would' fhcilitato the transit of" goods so far Vindicating' the best tinre.y&epi; and the best place where to fiend them. f , The fXlLONTALSECRETARY fiaid 'thafc the outside cost .of the telegraph" iphildyhfe £20,000, which, if spent on t6bM;. make more than, four orfivemdes. He thofight the inhabitants of the BOuth-east districfe were entitled 'to eo much prponditure. member for Barossa had requeBted. tire Gqveam meat to attend to its sqcial duties and toe pro-, teetion of life andprop^ty,"' ' What was thore: social than' promoting' mtereburse ' from an extreme portion.of toe colony to.tbe! capital? And what was a better protectionagainVwrong doers than toe telegraph ? It was ] the heat thief-catcher there was.The telegraph toqld affect inland trsinrit by preventing produce from bring arirtto nuiiS&fotoin.;"Vv."f Mr. BAK KB. agreed in-the opinionthstto vote £5Q0 would be wasted. ' All old cplaniBtB knew there was ho inipediment on !the. Ihie, and why spend £2 a mileto find that'ouf?' It was spending money to shpw Mr, Todd-too way to Penola, It reminded himifof the cerebrated expedition "of Mr. Rawhslev. (Laughter.) Any member ' of Cphndl topli go to Fenola and back for £50/«hdebuld'; jnofc ■well spend more. What need wssV tWocejtor send Mr.-Todd.to Melbourne eix«pt .^«how what sl lion, we had what '•a' clever man 'we /h^ 5imp«^ed. He should ■mOTpas an amendroent^fTbsju aa address be presenfed to; His'' EjiepJJen^yp"<h^ Governor-m-Chie^ requesting nicate with the CfoveirSihent of- YiCTor^, wjttfa a -new.' of ®scertainingH»e willingness oTLEijlb Government "to share in the" exj^n^bijnjr, electric tdrajtaphhtAnwm Adfiwoe"and'JSifl bourne." That was all that vrasreaUy necee siiyi' If tte'Victorianl^yCTfment acquiesced^ lit" "would thern be lime phbut&to; VotCi^Eiiie, means. He did hot expect that ^ "**" would exceed the estimate. The?§ enough'alcmg the line—j When. • discussing! the pbi^iQueaQDn, JOB Mad t rei5ir^8eai4liev''ompS64i of spending £12,'0(K>i a^tair %6 lfe&v;&SBOT; sent to Melbourne, it world be betterto vote - the money for an electric telegraph to Mel bourne. We should then get the dhiefitrnw of news at once, and the letters would come on i afterwards in a few days. He was of the same opinion stilL If Melbourne wore once made the central place, Adelaide would never recover its position. She would be for ever cut off from direct steam communication. Mr. BLYTH seconded the amendment, though he had intended originally to have voted ■with the Colonial Secretary. He confessed to having had his views modified by the speech of the hon. member for Mount Barker—a rare thing in that House. He was pleased to see his own views on the steam communication question gaining ground. He had been called mean and dishonourable for them, but he still entertained them, and was glad to see them ex pressed in the address proposed by Mr. Forster. Believing Mr. Todd to he a scientific man, he ahould be sorry to see him Bent to Melbourne, lest the Government there should snap him up. The Port Telegraph had been erected quickly and well, and was a flredit to the Government. The COLONIAL SECRETARY explained that it was no part of the address to send Mr. Todd to Melbourne. He had merely suggested it. All that the Government wanted was an allowance for necessary charges. The House might leave the details of expenditure to the Executive. A letter, it is true, would settle whether the Victorian Government was willing to unite in the project, but it would not ascer tain the expense, or collect preliminary infor mation. It was necessary to get this, or tenders would not be sent in. Mr. BARER wanted to know what plans or surveys could he required. All the plan he knew of would -he a post and a wire. (Laughter.) There was no more need to send Mr. Todd to Melbourne than for the Victorian Government to send a gentleman here. Let • the Government state the nature of the con tract, and tenders would be sent in. Mr. Macgeorge and others were willing to do it for £50 a mile. Mr. KINGSTON agreed that the £500 was not wanted. The distance could he ascertained from the Survey Office. Further, the time had not come for telegraphs, and he was sure that £100 a mile rather than £50 would prove to be nearer the real expense. Mr. Todd's esti mate for the line to Gawler, was £60 a mile without stations, and that was perfectly level country. Telegraphic communication would be of no use to the farmer if the roads were so bad as to take him three days to bring his wheat from Macclesfield to Adelaide. Mr, NEALES would like to see the motion modified. Some little expense was requisite— say £100. But the motion as it stood cer tainly committed the House to the project, which their funds might not allow of There were plenty in the colony who could give Mr. Todd better information as to the country than his own eyes would—(laughter)—for they would only tell him what he saw at the time he happened to be there, while the hushmen could tell him how the ground was, both in Summer and in winter. He would vote for the amendment rather than the motion, because the Government were never very deli cateabout spending £100. The amendment was then put and carried. Mr. BAKER said he was quite willing to add a few words to grant a small sum for ne cessary expenses, if the Colonial Secretary would aay what need there was of expense. But the mail went once a week to Penola, the police : knew the ground, and the escort men, as well | as overland travellers, and could give all neces sary information. The COLONIAL SECRETARY was indif- 1 ferent as to the way in which the motion was carried. He cared only about the principle. He preferred the Government plan, but did not consider the question prejudiced by Mr. Baker's amendment. As to what the lion, member for North Adelaide said about the Government not being very delicate in spending money, he preferred to have the authority to spend beforehand, rather than run the r;sk of censure for spending it. Mr. HART would oppose any sum what ever being placed on the address, for he could see no expenses likely to be incurred unless it were postages. They needed no " sections " j beyond one post and its wire; the telegraph extended over liill and vale equally well, and the only difficulty was the passing over the Murray, and that was not very great. There really could be no expense in carrying out the address, and the Council would doubtless vote a proper sum when the Melbourne Government had expressed its willingness to co-operate. He thought the principle itself one of the utmost advantage to every interest in the co lony. Mr. FORSTER thought a slightly erroneous view had been taken of the necessity of some person going over the line to survey it. Sooner or later somebody must go oyer the line; even if private individuals constructed it, still it would be desirable for the Government to know what was the nature of the country over which the line was to pass. He considered that some small sum should he placed on the address in order to a preliminary survey, if such should be found necessary. He generally agreed in the opinions advanced on this subject by the hon. member for Mount Barker, and he also agreed with other hon. members that the terms of the ! address, as originally proposed, really did pledge the Council to complete the work. And be doubted much if the finances of the colony at the present would justify the outlay. The Colonial Secretary had said that the south eastern settlers were entitled to this out lay on account of the 8madness of the amount that had been spent on their roads. But would the construction of this telegraph be re garded by those settlers as an equivalent for the loss of roads? would they give up their claim for roads, supposing they got the electric telegraph? He should scarcely suppose they would. As to the observa tions that had been made about exhi biting their " lion," he (Mr. Forster) had no objection when they had a scientific man amongst them to let the fact be known, although it would be a pity if, on arriving at Melbourne, their lion should be caged. (A laugh.) On the whole he considered that some small expenses would he necessarily in curred, and begged to move, as an amendment, that an address be presented to His Excel lency, requesting him to place upon the Esti mates a sum not exceeding £100 for the pre liminary expenses of surveying the line of I country between Adelaide and the south eastern boundary of the province, with a view to the construction of a line of electric tele graph in connection with the Victorian Go vernment. Mr. HUGHES seconded. The motion of the hon. member for Mount Barker placed the Governor in an anomalous position. It di rected the Government to open communication with the Melbourne Government, and left them without means to carry their wishes into effect. There were several points to be taken into consideration. They had to guard against the telegraph posts being destroyed by bush fires, and for various reasons it would probably be necessary to survey the country. (Divide.) A scientific man must, therefore, be employed on the occasion. Mr. DAVENPORT observed, in reference to what had fallen from the last speaker, that a Bcientifie man might be in the vicinity of timber, and never see it. In little hollows there might be found gum-trees, &c.;, which a strictly scientific man, in a passing journey, would not see. IS, therefore, any sum at all were put down, it should be a sum adequate to the probable demand of the service. (Divide.) The amendment having been read, Mr. NEALES would object to the sum of even £100 being put at the disposal of the Government, unless on the understanding that a previous communication with the Victorian Government should satisfy the House that that Government would co-operate. It was useless to spend money in surveying the land, and afterwards to ask the Melbourne Govern ment if they would unite in the plan. Suppose that they returned an answer in the negative. He should at the proper time move an amend ment, the purport of- which would be, to direct an enqimy first, and then to set aside £100 for prehminaiy expenses, in the event of that enquiry being favourably responded to. Mr. xtEiN OLDS would support the amend ment of the hon. member for North Adelaide if he would substitute "contingent" for "pre liminary." Mr. NEALES assented. Mr. EORSTER having intimated that he was willing to withdraw his amendment, Mr. NEALES then moved an amendment, to the effect that an address be presented to His Excellency, requesting him to direct that a correspondence be opened with the Government of Victoria, in order to ascertain if that Govern ment was. favourable to tie construction of an electric telegraph between Adelaide and Mel bourne, each Government to construct the line to the boundary of its own province; and that His Excellency would direct £100 to be placed on the Estimates for preliminary expenses, contingent upon a favourable answer from "Victoria. The amendment was then put and carried, after wbich the Chairman reported progress, the House resumed, and the report was brought op and adopted. CIVIL SERVICE RETIREMENT REPEAL BILL. The COLONIAL SECRET ARV intimated bis willingness to defer the consideration of this Bill; but an objection baring been raised on a point of order, the debate (which had been adjourned) was resumed by Mr. BLYTH, who said that the Government Bill established the principle of a Pension hist, and to that principle he could never give Ills consent. Ife greatly regretted the Bill already passed, and by which £10,000 had been voted to form a Superannuation Fund but to that amount the House was pledged. Further than they were already committed he certainly would not go. Mr. AJfGAS remarked that when a pension was recently voted to the late Harbour-Master it was clearly understood that no more pen sions were to be allowed. When the Civil List was under consideration he affirmed the same principle. To that principle he still ad hered; and if they voted for giving the £10,000 to the persons most interested, there certainly could be no breach of faith on the part of that House. But he should, under any circum stances, be consistent with himself^ and vote against every proposition tending to establish a pension list. Mr. FORSTEB would go a little further back than the case of Captain Lipson, as re ferred to by the lion, member for Barossa. Prior to the establishment of the Superannuation Fund a pension had been granted to Captain Sfcurt, for his long and meritorious services; but it was clearly understood that tbe case was an exception, anjl should not be drawn into a precedent. Subsequently, and chiefly with a view to pension olF Captain Lipson and Mr. Gilbert, however, the sum of £10,000 was voted as a Superannuation Fund. That fund was based upon gross miscalculations, and 1 it was now proposed to repeal an Act which ' did not and could not work. The Government had met the proposition to repeal the Act with a charge against that House of violating its faith with the servants of the public. Such a charge was a grave and most serious one, and if the Government found themselves unable to prove it, he hoped they would have the generosity, the magnanimity, the honourable feeling at once to retract it. Those charges of I violating faith were most grave and solemn as advanced by the Government, particularly as they were urged against the elected members of tbe Council, tbe Government exonerating themselves from all share of responsibility. But how did the Government attempt to prove the breach of faith which was charged against elective members ? Was it not within their knowledge that the "House was prepared to hand over the whole of that £10,000 to those I who had a claim upon it ? It was perfectly ' true that the House would not agree to pass another Act altogether altering the principle of the Act they had passed before. The Council were ready to fulfil all they had engaged to do; how, then, was that a breach of faith ? But the Government introduced a new Bill affirming a new principle, and asked them to agree to the new principle thus introduced. If the House had refused fully and fairly to carry out tlie principle of the Act they had passed, their re fusal might be construed as a breach of faith : but what breach of faith was there in their re fusing to accept a principle that they had never affirmed, but against which they had frequently protested? All that they refused to do was to make that compulsory which they had before made optional The Act creating the Super annuation Fund was indeed a huge mistake from beginning to end. It was founded upon the most discreditable errors of calculation. Under the provisions of that Act there were 30 persons who were entitled, upon production of medical certificates, to retire for life upon one-sixth part of their incomes, after one single contribution to the fund. (Hear.) But, worse still, there were 21 persons who were entitled, without medical certificate, to retire for life upon two-sixths of their income, although contributing only once to the fund. (Hear, hear.} The Colonial Treasurer now found that the Act would not work, that the calculations were erroneous, and that Government officers would not contribute to a fund which was absorbed by a few individuals. And because Government officers found better modes of providing for the future, and would not contribute to the Superannuation Fund, the Colonial Secretary asked leave to compel them to do so! Was there any violation of faith in that House refusing to be a party to such compulsory measures? Had that House any right to compel men to subscribe to a fund from which, as he had shown, they could ex pect to derive no benefit? The hon. the Colonial Secretary, referring to gentlemen who had thrown themselves in the prime of life on this fund, had said, "Don't emigrants them selves hope to retire ?" He (Mr. Forster) had known cases of emigrants retiring; but not ] upon public funds—they retired upon the ' fruits of their own industry, toil, and frugality. ; (Hear.) If that argument of the Colonial | Secretary were of any force, it would go to establish the necessity of forming an emigrant's pension fund, to which every person as he ' came to the colony should be compelled to I contribute. The Council had no more obliga- | tion to provide a retiring fund for Govern ment officers than for any other class of the community. When the Act setting apart the £10,000 was passed, it was represented as being a final measure—that it would require i no further dealing with by that Council. He saw the hon. gentleman, the Colonial Secretary, busily engaged in searching the newspaper file for the report of that discussion, and it might be that some sentences might be found in individual speeches apparently in conflict with the opinion he (Mr. Forster) was then | maintaining. But whatever individual opinion ' was, the Act itself was before the House, and : it bore no indications of having been framed j with a view to subsequent amendment. Not that he would have refused under all circum stances to amend it. Had the Colonial Secretary proposed to make the contribution to the fund ! 5 per cent, instead of 2£, he (Mr. Forster) ! would have supported him, always providing that the payment were voluntary. If the Government officers were willing to contribute to such a fund there was no need of an Act. If they were not willing there was no justice in compelling them. Give them the £10,000 wholesale; let them do as they pleased with it. But if not even the tempting bait of £10,000 would induce them to join the Government fund, it must be clear that tliey had some strong cause of objection. Probably they knew that there were better means of making pro vision for old age than the scheme of the Government offered. Wliatif the 21 to whom he had referred should choose to retire, and each to claim two-sixths of his present income ? That might be done, and then what prospect would there be for young officers ? They might talk of compulsion; but it would be as rational to talk of compelling every member of that Council to wear a Government button as to succeed in this attempt at compulsory contribution. It was wrong in principle, and could not be car ried into effect. It had been said that certain officers of the Government had made arrange ments dependent upon the provisions of the Act which the hon. member for Mount Barker sought to repeal. This, however, could only refer to those who had already retired, and there would not be any very great difficulty in settling with them. Let the £10,000 be given to them to do what they liked with; then there would b3 an end of the matter. "With respect to Captain Lipson and Mr. Gilbert, who had been several times referred to, there was no necessity for superannuating them at alL Captain Lipson, in particular, was superannuated principally to make room for the gentleman who now fills his situation, and not because he was incapable of performing the duties of his office. Neither Captain Lipson nor Mr. Gilbert need to have retired; but as they had done so, he would prefer that the belief of the Council should be still further violated with, regard to these gentlemen, by providing for them an annuity from the public revenue as Captain Start's was, and thus prevent any further disputes arising hereafter. He would prefer that course, and that the £10,000 should be handed over to those gentlemen who had claims upon it, and thereby get rid of all fur ther pensions. Some remarks had been made by the hon. member for Mount Barker respect ing those gentlemen who had retired from the service of the Government, which, though not intended tc^be offensive, he felt called upon to refer to. He alluded m particular to the hon. member's remarks respecting the retirement of Mr. Moorhouse. That gentleman had been in the public service 17 years, and it could not, therefore, be said of him that he had not de voted the best of his days to the service of the Government. He (Mr. Forster) was, however, in a position to state from personal knowledge that Mr. Moorhouse had not retired simply to secure the Superannuation Fund, but on ac count of his not feeling comfortable in his pre sent position. He had recent ly been connected with the Destitute Board, to which he felt some objections; but, in addition to that, he was aware, as a professional man, that it would be more advantageous to him to practise as such than to remain in the service of the Government. Under any cir cumstances it was the intention of Mr. Moor house to have retired, whether the Superannua tion Fund were made available in his case or not. The hon. member for Mount Barker had referred to Mr. Moorhouse and his private practice. He (Mr. Forster) knew that Mr. Moorhouse had worked early and late in the service of the Government, and was only engager} in the practice of his profession when not required to be employed in the sendee of the Government, namely, late at night. With regard to other Government officers, he -would state that it was no wonder they were disposed to retire, seeing the bait which had been held out to tliem. But he had no doubt that others would be found to supply their place in an efficient manner when they were required. Mr. SCOTT felt it to be his duty to vote against the Bill brought in by the hon. member for Mount Barker, and if any arguments were required to strengthen his views, they were supplied by the last speaker. He cordially supported the existing Act when it was intro duced last session, as the only means of getting rid of a pension-list. He most decidedly dis sented from those who said they would hand over the £10,0000 to the Government officers to do with it as they pleased. He would do no such thing, but would reserve it for the purpose for which it was originally in tended. It was well known that the existing Act was hurried through the Council at the close of the session, when it was thought necessary to make some pro vision to avoid the necessity of establishing a pension list, and he believed it was thought at the time that the Bill would probably have to be revised at a future time. It was not regarded as a perfect measure; but if, at the present time, the Government had proposed to add to the £10,000 previously voted by the Council, or that it should be differently ap propriated to what was originally intended, he would have opposed the motion. But he thought the Government should have an op portunity of amending the Act, so that its satisfactory working might be tested. There was not a session passed by without some of the Acts of Council being amended, and why should not that also have a fair trial It had been said tbey must try and get rid oJFpensions. That was the very reason why he opposed the repeal of the present Act. It might be said they could get rid of pensions by refusing to pay them. The Council in voting £10,000 had the condition of certain officers specially in view, and it considered it would be very hard for young men entering the service to pay towards the support of old men. The £10,000 was accordingly voted for the purpose of placing all upon the same footing. It would therefore be a complete departure from the original object contemplated to divide the amount amongst lialf a dozen men. He hated the very name of pensions; but if no provision was made for the old and infirm officers of Government, the Council would have to provide pensions for tliem in their most objectionable forms. They would not find it in their hearts to see them, in their old age, with their grey hairs and tottering steps, without mating some provision for their support. The ameuded Bill brought in by the Government did not require them to vote one sixpence in addition to what had already been agreed to by the Council, but merely provided that Government officers should contribute a. moderate amount to pro vide for tlieir support in tlieir old age. Those were some of the reasons which induced him to oppose the motion of the hon. member for Mount Barker. Mr. DAVE P OUT would also oppose the j motion, upon the general principle that the prospect of an annuity would have the effect : of inducing those who were in the Government ! employ to endeavour to preserve their cha racter and to remain in the public service, as well as being a means of inducing efficient per sons to enter the service. The principle had been acted upon in connection with various es tablishments in England, and was found to work well. Mr. KINGSTON then moved the adjourn ment of the debate to the next meeting of the Council, April 29, which was carried on a divi sion by a majority of three. Ayes—Messrs. Baker, Blyth, Forster, King ston, Hughes, Bagot, Seott, Hart, and Angas. Hoes — The Colonial Secretary, Colonial Treasurer, Surveyor-General, Messrs. Stirling, Davenport, and MacDermott. ESTIMATES. Mr. BAKER obtained leave to bring forward bis motion in reference to the fourth report of the Select Committee on the Estimates at this stage of the proceedings, with the understand ing that the Hot ices of Motion and Orders of the Day standing before it on the notice-paper should be placed amongst the first Orders of the Day on the re-assembling of the Council, April 29. This arrangement was also made on the condition that the hon. member should simply move that the report be received and referred to the Committee of the whole House when the Estimates were under consideration. The motion was agreed to without discussion ] SUPREME COURT RETURHS. Mr. BLYTH moved, pursuant to notice— " That t- ere be laid on the table the ft Uowhig re turns, v iz.:— "1. A return of the number of bills and claims filed on the equitable side of the Supreme Court, since the 1st January, 1810. "2. The amount of money paid into Court in each cause. "3. The amount of poundage and other fees received by Government in each suit. " 4. The number of creditors in each suit, and the amount claimed by eacH " 5. The amount of debts and interest on debts paid to each creditor. "6. The amount of fees, if auy, received by the officers of the Court, in each case." This was also agreed to nem. con.; after which the Council adjourned to April 29. 