ALBURY. (Firom the Border Post:)' LOCAL TALENT.—Mr Eustace has just completed a view of the River Murray, with the Hovell Tree in the foreground. The painting has been ex- ecuted to the order of Captain Hovell, and does great credit to the artist. The picture will be sent to England, and we understand that an engraving is to be copied from it for the Illustrated London News. PROGRESS OF ALBURY.—We notice a growing disposition in distant quarters to speculate on the future advancement of Albury. Mr. M. Ickerson, of Beechworth, is about to open a branch wine and spirit store in the town; Mr. Solomon, a storekeeper from Yass, has lately arrived, we believe with an inten- tion of doing business here. Mr Lewis Jones, lately of the Salutation Inn, Goulburn, has just obtained a licence for the Criterion Hotel; and we have already noticed, the expected arrival from Sydney of Mr Asher's new public- house. The Bank of New South Wales intend erecting a handsome building in Townsend- street. We have heard the names of several parties in Goulburn and elsewere who contemplate trans- ferring their business to Albury, but it woild be premature at present to men- tion names. Building operations are rapidly progressing, and there is a scarcity of some descriptions of labour. STRANGE AFFAIR.—For the last eight or nine days nothing has been heard of Mr Raymond, the son-in-law of Mr. Lester. The young man was suffering from an attack of delirium, and was heard on the evening of his dis- appearance to get out of bed and call for a gun, to shoot some person whom he said was stealing peaches from the garden. It is feared that he has fallen into a large lagoon in the neighbour- hood of the house, but an attempt to drag the water has proved unsuccess- ful. TRAVELLING STOCK.—Mr Newman arrived in town this week, having brought 1300 head of cattle from the Namoi river. We understand that 600 were sold to Mr. Harvey at about £4 per head.-- Mr. Newman had also a mob of horses, but we believe they have been sent back again for the present. FIRES.—Mr Lester has had a wheat barn, containing about 700 bushels, destroyed by fire, and has offered £100 reward for the discovery of the delin- quent.—Mr. Palmer, of Dedorang, Little River, has also lost a quantity of hay and wheat by a bush fire.—An extensive bushfire has also been burning for sev- eral days in the direction of Mr. T. Mitchell's station, but we have not heard of any property beineg consumed by it. THE BUNYIP.—The existence of this supposed fabulous animal is likely to be proved at no distant period. Mr. Stoc- queler who has travelled several hun- dred miles up and down the Murray and Goulburn rivers in a canvass boat, is now in Albury, and has favoured us with a view of his portfolio, containing a great number of sketches of Australian scenery, with representations of speci- mens of natural history observed during the trip. Amongst the latter drawings we noticed a likeness of the Bunyip, or rather a view of the neck and shoulders of the animal. Mr Stocqueler informed us that the Bunyip is a large freshwater seal, having two small paddles or fins attached to the shoulders, a long swan- like neck, a head like a dog, and a curious bag hanging under the jaw, resembling the pouch of the pelican. The animnal is covered with hair, like the platypus, and the colour is a glossy black. Mr Stocqueler saw no less than six of these curious animals at different times; his boat was within thirty feet of one near M'Guire's punt on the Goulburn, and he fired at the Bunyip, but did not succeed in capturing him. The smallest appeared to be about five feet in length, and the largest exceeded fifteen feet. The head of the largest was the size of a bullock's head, and three feet out of water. After taking a sketch of the animal, Mr Stocqueler showed it to several blacks of the Goulburn tribe, who declared that the picture was "Bunyip's brother," mean- ing duplicate or likeness of the bunyip. The animals moved against the current, at the rate of about seven miles an hour, and Mr Stocqueler states that he could have approached close to the specimens he observed, had he not been deterred by the stories of the natives concerning the power and fury of the bunyip, and by the fact that his gun had only a single barrel, and his boat was of a very frail description. We have every reason to credit the statement of Mr Stocqueler, and considering the imperfect way in which some of our rivers and lagoons have been explored, we imagine it is quite possible for an amphibious animal of extremely shy habits to have escaped, the observation of travellers. The pull- bird has only been seen some three or four times in Australia, and an animal supposed to be the bunyip has been re- ported to have been seen about the same number of times. It is very unlikely that a tradition relating to the existence of the bunyip should prevail amongst all the native tribes without having any foundation in fact; and we hope Mr Stocqueler will be able to secure the skin of one of these animals in some of his future peregrinations. The object of the artist's tour is the collection of sketches of the Gold-fields and Aust- tralian scenery, for publication in a work to be issued in England under the editorship of a gentlemen connected with the United Service Gazette. FLOUR, &c.;, AT THE MILLS--March 13--Fine flour £31 per ton; seconds, £28 per ton; pollard and bran, 2s 6d. per bushel. 