Correspondence. As a general rule, we wish it to be understood that we do not identify ourselves with the opinions or expressions of our correspondents. To the Editor of the Inquirer and Commercial News. SIR, — In the the columns of your contemporary of 2nd January, 1857, appears an essay signed ' Vi gilans,' censuring the- Imperial Government in reference to the acceptance of a tender by which the Commissariat requirements for 1857 will be satisfied by Adelaide flour. "Vigilans' says hi his 1st paragraph, that the colonists have been most unjustly treated, etc I beg to ask the question, whom does' Vigilans' mean to be understood by the colonists.' I believe none of the tailors, shoemakers, carpenters, and other trades- men ever dreamt of tendering for the flour neither did the Pensioners, the only class, who might have tendered were the growers of corn. "Vigilans" should then have been a little more definite in his term, and said, that the corn-growers (not the colo- nists generally) have been most unjustly treated. But whether these have really been unjustly treated remains to be proved. So far as my own observation went, the call for tenders was published by the Commissariat at least two months before the day of decision, with full particulars of conditions Why then did not the farmers tender at lower prices than the merchants ? They would in such case assuredly bare gained the day, for ' Vigilans' allows himself, that the Com- missary General has decided in favour of the cheap- est price. He also acknowledges in bis essay, that in the same way as Mr Yelverton can beat the colonial flour in point of cheapness with Adelaide flour, so Mr Pope might have done so with flour of American growth; thus tacitly acknowledging the fact, that the rates hitherto obtained for colonial flour can never stand the competition of foreign markets. The conclusion naturally follows, that if at future periods tendeis for colonial fionr are to be accepted, our merchants must be excluded from the right of tender ing. Would that be justice? Do not they bear the burden of the State as well as the corn-growers, and is not the dealing in floor just as lawful for them, as dealing in sugar and tee? Would it be sound policy even? Suppose the Commissariat had re- stricted the tenders to Colonial flour, the result is obvious. The old prices of flour would have been kept up, (the grievance of the farmers being, accord- ing to ' Vigilans,' that prices of corn and flour will fall), and every man, woman, and child in the colony would have bad to pay throughout the whole running year, the old high price for bread, whilst reading in every Adelaide newspaper bow much cheaper they might have bread, if baked of Adelaide flour. What wonder then if numbers of our fellow -citizens are tempted to leave our shores. What wonder then, if we always cry in vain for emigrants to come and settle amongst us. Who would be tempted to choose for a new home, that land where bread, the chief staff of life, has always been dearer than elsewhere. The question decided by die Commissary General, when accepting Mr Yelverton's tender, was thus not a question of selfish benefit to die Imperial Govern- ment, but was a question in which every soul now living in the colony, and even the yet unborn pos- terity, is interested. It was a question of free trade against an assumed monopoly, it was a qnestion of cheap bread against dear food, the very same question which was victoriously decided in the Mother-country when the anti- corn-law league overthrew the re- striction on the import of foreign corn into England. It is the boast of Britons to be free in thought, in writing, and in speaking. Can "Vigilans" tell why a Briton should not also be free to buy his flour where be can get it cheapest? But no one in this country could do so, if government, either by open exclusion of foreign corn from this market, or by an underhand preference of one particular party. had artificially prevented the importation of foreign, corn here. The Commissary General bas sat in a manner as a judge inviting tenders, inspecting all claims, and honour is due to him for having acted as an impar- tial judge, end having given his unbiassed decision, in favor of the cheapest purveyor of flour, for all,. for the Commissariat having to provide daily for 1000 or 1200 mouths, stands in principle on the same footing with every father of a family who has two, three or more members of his family to provide for. The only difference is in die number of months. "Vigilans" deems, that if tenders for colonial flour have been at higher prices, than tenders for foreign flour, die option might have been given to colonial tenderers to reduce their prices. What a delightful little tit-bit of Machiavelism! If die colonial tenderers were. in a position to have reduced their prices so as to bring them on a par with tenders for foreign flour, that would prove in- contestibly that they wished to obtain an exorbitant profit on their corn, at the expense of the Imperial Government, and of all those of their fellow-colonists who are not growers but only consumers of corn . Let me ask ' Vigilans' would he have advised the Commissary General to have given Mr Yelverton the "option of reducing his tender" if he had hap- pened to have been above die mark? The high price tenderers must, then, console themselves with the similar fate of die well- known dog in the fable, who having a piece of meat, and wanting to get ano- ther, lost both. The tradesmen, and all others who are only con- sumers of flour, may congratulate themselves on the prospect of obtaining cheaper bread for themselves, their wives, and their little ones, during this year, and of having at last witnessed the breaking down of an assumed monopoly, which for a long time past, has given to one portion of our community an un- duly large profit at their expense, and on the benefits sure to accrue to all from an unfettered trade. And some of these benefits will be immediate. The obnoxious flour to be imported from Adelaide amounts to the value of about £6030 as I am told. Well, we get the floor here, and what do we pay for it. Money? No! Where is then the drain of money from this colony to Adelaide that is so much thrown in the teeth of Government? Well, but what do we pay for the flour? Nothing! How no- thing? Because the timber sent in return for the flour is worth nothing so long as it stands on its roots in oar forests, and we have no use for it. No- thing (mere food for bushfires) is thus converted into six thousand pounds sterling, and Western Aus- tralia is by so much the richer. And how is the timber converted. By much labour of men who, instead of th«s earning money, would very likely be idle for much of their time, and perhaps fall a burden to the colony, or be led into criminal ways of ob- taining sustenance. But these men must eat, drink, be clothed, and they use up many tools in their work, and thus make an increased demand for the corn I5rown'by our farmers, the beef raised by our gra- riers, the clothes and shoes made by our tradesmen, the sugar, tea, and tools imported by our merchants. So fliat every part of the community in general shares in the* profits arising from the busy scene at the Vasse. I have made no mention of the food for livestock, the manufacture of drays, &c; let that pass. We delight in selling our produce, so do the Ade- laide colonists likewise. They happen to want our timber. If, then, they pay for it m their produce -being the very thing they wish to get rid of), is not that an inducement to them to give us increased or- ders for timber? Now timber requires also ships to carry it, and consequently we shall have a greater influx of vessels into our ports. See here again a benefit to the whole community — to the merchant for supplies of stores and groceries, to the tradesman for necessary repairs, to the Colonial Treasury for increased harbonr dues. Let bat Trade increase and Bread be cheap.and ii will soon be found that entcrpriziug capitalists, merchants, and artizans will find it worth their while to seek our shores to settle here, and crowds of labourers will follow them, because an increased trade on our coasts must spread its influence into the remotest settled parts of our land, as the ripples spread from that point where the stone has disturbed the water. But trade can never flourish without being perfectly free. The farmers who have now stores of com on hand are certainly losers for this one year, and forming part of our community, so far our spmpathy is due to them. But even for them a brighter future will shortly dawn, if free trade brings increased activity on our shores; and cheap bread is the first step to it, because nobody will find any inducement to come here if bread is not cheap, and if nobody comes there will never be any trade done at all. The more trade the more busy men, and consequently the more consumers of produce, and the more extended and ready market the farmer will find. The merchants also, if they can do a more extensive trade, can sell their goods at lesser profits to the farmer; the tradesman can charge his work cheaper, and the labourer can live on cheaper wages. Thus our farmers, who no doubt have much out- lay on raising com, through supplying rations and wages to their men, and for work on harness, carts, and implements, can get all these at cheaper rates; therefore their outlay per acre will be decreased, and consequently they can prodncs their corn cheap- er. If the farmers, then, are men of energy (which I think they must be, or else they never would have subjected the wild bush to the plough), and try to bring every year more laud under culture, they will get larger crops, which they will be enabled to sell at cheaper rates, and be in a few years in such a position as to enable our merchants to buy colonial flour of them, with which to compete against foreign flour in foreign markets ; and then — « Hussah tok Western Acsthaix*.!' I remain, Sir, Your most obedient Servant, A FREE TRADER. 