INSOLVENCY PBOCEED1NGS. NEW INSOLVENTS. Teh G-Henry Lubeik conin Usion agent of Sylney 11 ii lillies Debts admitted £18. Hs claims dlspul d Xo-SslUI total li ti lillies JCIBS.S 101 Asoets 1er sonjt ;r p rty and moneys, £-'0 Am unit or delhi onc},£ltW JslOl Olllcl ii usslgnoe Mr k W Perry MEETINGS Ol' ORhDlTOKS In the ostatc ot Morrl* Maç,nt) a special meeting was boll lu Sydney on Phurslsy Insolvent s oller of euinposltiou, nairnly 7s Od in th point 1 secured by his own promissory notes at six aud twelvo months-the meeting agreed to ucee] t. In the estate of J mies Smith a special meeting for proof of debts wns he d in Sydi oy un Lridiy Debts amounting to £179 13s wore | rove I au I allowed, nu I three uftiduvits of debts on judgments ri ei vered against Insolvent in the yeur 1814 were ord rid to stand over for the consider itloii of the chief commissioner as to whether buch debts eau now hoinvod, as tho J u Ig monts wero not revived by icirc facias within twelvo J ears ExrOllTä FROM TUE ÜISTUIOT ¡lUHINO TUE W JÎBK - The tollo vlng is nu abstract of Iho exports fr m the published manifests of tho steamors and lOtstere, uf the ; rlnctpnl pro luca (exclusivo ot wool and tullowl received coastwise in Sjdnoy from the Huntor Uiver district for thu week ending Wednesday, lubruary 4, 1857 - I anil s . . Sluop .... I otutoes-bags Onions-bags. louis-CIMI|S ... Eggs-casca ... Lemonade-ensks el) ster«-1 ac.s Dark-bundles .... Tobncco-kogs . .. Coals-lons Gold-ouncos ..... 2.71 Griin-bngs .. . 10 » hcat-ba"s . S3 M lUo-lni,s ...» Harley-bigs .. Hour-bags ... L18 Bran-bogs . . ¿77 Hiles 273 Sheei skins bundles Hay-trusses. Hursts .... Calves-. Cow 1 i its. 10S Tub H IL N. S N Comí ant -Tho coaches from Mort uth bringing the passoi gera and papers from ye; lord ly s Sydi ey dny steumer reached Weat Maitland last cvenh g about a quartor to ole,ht inn SoiiriiBBH Guld Esoout -We cnll nttontlon of parties lutcrosted to the öu- itlo annuunrement in another column, that tlio northern hold escort will lu fut iru le ive tho Hoclty Uiver overy alternate I rl lay QuiUTBinl Liobnsivo Mbbtino -The usual quar- terly me ling of the bonches of in iglstrntes through ut the district, lor the griming and transfer 11 publicáis lie uses will bo liol 1 on Tuud ty tin 3rd March next Accident -Cow Killkd -As Mr D Purcoll, of Millet s rorost, waa returning horn from u fui eral on We tuesday last his horno como In full force against 0 e of Mr II Ing ill's cows nn the Itaymond lerribo Road and killed It on the spot. Mr Purcell was brow n on his heal, rccilviut, seiious It juries, io much so, as to cause Dr Nugent 11 roma ti ni li him ull night, lie le, however recovering from the elliots of tho lall House ¡»tealimo -Michael Brenan, who plcadod guilty, at the Court of Quarter Sessions, yesterday, toa charlo of | resintlng lire arms, and who was allowed to le ive the court on ball until judgment should be pro- nounced, waa u| proben led shortly after on a charge of horse stealing, of which tho elilef const ible hud just re- ceived Intimation. The Horse, we hear, lia« also been recorcred. Tp«TiMnNi»r. to Mu I) O Mimpso"», Nan casi ca- rbo Aeteaisftc Jiltqraph or Saturday last reports Uio presentation of n gold nu lal In Mr 1) G Simpson, and an a ldrc»s¿*ÍKiicd li) about KIO of the inhnbiuiiit« of Nnncaslli, on 1 hurnday, the .'jill I he followlngsprech of lb m linirmnn of (lu uicetlng, Mr Kingle, In presenting lt,dt scrlhis the i mise nrtbis honorable testimonial to si r. 9lni| sou'« i oin n"r and humanity " Wo have mot beru Ibis oeiiing tor Hie uur| oso of i rueiiiing you, Mr. ¿I£" Simpson, nilli nu nil 1res« and ii gold nu dal, in linn, metnoriitloii of your exiitiou« in nssisllng lo savu ihr, crew of Ibu ship I'leauiir Lancaster, mid t tin ra, who wiro imfnrtmiatil) cast upon rur const in November last, why your sirvins should havi boen ovirlooked hy the committeo nppolntid lo dlstrlbuto tho roivnrd« lo those nho distinguished theinsehe« on that occasion lsnolmy business to Inquire, but having been just called upon to perform this pleasing duty, I must add my own testl mon) that haling bet n chairman In tin Inquiry Instituiid h) the Governmint into the causo of the loss ol tho Ilfo boat, I Incidí niallv found your oxortions at that period to have tuen quite equal to thoso of mi) of tin brave mea ulm insistid on the occasion, and I am ignorant of tho nason why )ntir ionices did nnt recelvo a similar mark of recognition to theirs, With thin few remarks I shall nor riud you tho addreii accompanying the mo lal " NAitnow Ebcai R -On Sunday afternoon a little girl hitmen four and fit o years of ago, thodnugliterof Mr. Hordii, of Uppir Hunter strett, had a narrow oicapa from bilng drowned, li apptars that «ht, in company with orher children, "ero playing nu the bank of tho riler, near the road to the Pall«, und by «oma means or | other she fell in , Ibu poor little thing used great oxer tlons to keep herself nlloat, and contrived to do so for several minute», until gallantly ntcued from her pre I carious situation hy Mr. Richard Snell, who bravely jumped In after her. OniciiNH Lasuhaoe.-Snmnol Thorburn was brought heforo tho bondi nt West Maitland, yestirduy, charged «lib tho ob ive The languuge iimiplaltiod of being de posid to, tin bench pointed out to tho defendant tho lu InousntBS of tho oIKnce, and fined him In the sum of 211», or st von ilavs Imprlsumnint - Margaret Davis wa« also charged nilli Hie commission of tho «anio alienee. Constable Scarlttt heard hi r calling Mr Chlvers most oblicué iplthits, hecauso of lils refusal lo servo herwlih liquor on the Sabbath, tallo was fined JOs, or scveu days' Imprisonment DnuvkBNNKss. - William Watson, William Moss, John Ayliug, and John Fiihor sivtriilly pleaded guilty to this charge at West Maitland, jtsterday , 1'lslier w11 fined 20s. or 48 hours imprisonment, the othirs, it being their first nppenranco, weio fined 10s, or 24. hours' imprisonment each. 1'uiiLE 1Iusi\bs8- rhcro were soten coles on the police list for hoarlng by the lench, nt West Maitland, yesterday The first case »as calltd on before Mr. llussi II, at ti n o'clock. CiiAitoB of STrsuvn M bat vnosi A Cart -Reading was brought btforo Hie bench nt West Maitland, yes teidny, charged with stealing meat from Messrs, Oor rlck'sbutchtr'» cart tht day preiiou«. The prosecutor not appearing, she wa« rimnndid till Thursday, DllONkBHNBSS VNO OtlSCENE Lancioaub - John Roberts nu« charged yoitcrday, nt Knit Maitland, with hiving bein drunk, umd obit ene lánguido, nnd been guilty of relisting Uio police on Sunday last, It was lils habit to do so. Hu wits fined £\ and iii default to bo imprisonotl for three months. NrncA«TiB Puicbs ConitBNT - rebruary 6 Coal, dclixircd nt shoots, H». portón, Coke, ditto, £2 ]6s. tn £\ per ton, flour «Newcastle Sttam Mill), £10 to iib, brun, ditto, Is 'Jil per bushel, malle, ditto, fis Jd per husliel, lu demand, ditto, ditto, cracked, fis; ha), oaten, £'i los to AU ptr tun, potatoes, £4 to ¿5 per ton - 2\e\eeasttt fcltgraph, feb 7. MctnouitMt Ktoou ami Gkaiv Mabket- The best brands may bo quoted at from £18 to £18 10s, and nhiutnifrom 7» .o 7s Oil, and, although tho mnrket was perhaps somewhat less firm to-day than at the commencement of tho neck, «e aro not of opinion Hint it will full liny loner Hy tho Uni Uah, from Ade- laide, we have advices op to the 2Uth instant. Wheat bad slightly ndvancod, and wu« quoted at 6s Od, flour nt £1(1 | er ton Tho movement tor shipping direct to l'njand «as attracting considerable attention, and it na« stated that tbo b ink« nero prepared to advance 4« Oil ptr bushel on all wheat so shipped. Report« a« to tile crops not being so bc.iv) us nas nt first antici- pated, we're In ciriuhitlon, but ne would warn our agricultural friends against playing Into tho hands of Hie Chilian growers, by holding back for lmpoulblo prices Tho annual agricultural statistics, collected by the (iotermmnt, nil) bo nt once proceeded with, and it Is bille ved that they will bo ready tor publication on the lath April Until Uno no very confident opinion can be expressed, but ni believe that the )leld of wheat in Victoria tor I81C 87 will not bo len than 170,000 bushels equivalent to 80 000 tons of flour. From Dight'« Mills we hare the following report to Jon 31 - lino Hour, £18 per ton, si couds, £10, Haxall, £21, Uallegu, J.JO, Chilian, £17 -Oats Thoro is on increas- ing demand tor colonial, «Inch is readily saleable at nu advance of Is )ir bjstiel Scotch Is also Inquired fur, and Itrm nt 0* 01 - Melbourne Ucrald, Jan SI. Mbluoubsk I1a\ Maumu -Tbo supply ha« boen largo thl« »tek, SIC loads having nrrived, still ths prices bato not declined Host hu), All lo £12; old and inftrior, ¿6* to £10 por ton , Blraw, £5 to £0 per load -/tr^iu J-tb 2 Mbluouiisb Livh Stock Market -Hones . Busi- ness has been brisk nt tho various yards during the week, and prices havo an upn ird tomiincy, although n large number of horses huvu bein brouiht lorn ard. E. Kow and co report sihs uf a moll of di colts und fil- lies ut an avérai» of £28 104 all round, and a con- signment of 24 Van Di i m m'a Land draught horses i han.i 1 h indu ut from £J5 to £1(10 During the weok W. W Anslmv « »til unbroken colts, from John Steel's mob iiilerIorquallt),'alnniiveragoof £11. Some Van Dicineti's Lund and Sydney druucht horse« fetched prices varying from ±1)0 to £130 George Watson statis that cood prices can be obtained for real I) ser- vio able stock, «Wier tor hncks or coaching, and that draught animals will command high prices dorking lindock« ure Inquired for I'at Cottle -Although tho number brought forward last weok has not been so largo ns during prtvious weeks, tbo supply still exceeds the demand Prices havo not improved and may be quoted at .'(Is first quollt) , second quality 17s. Od, to 15s. A laritu number of Inferior cat lo have been purchased by grazh rs, und several lots havo bein nithdrnwn from tho mnrket for the present, btoro Cattle may bo quoted at 75s , tit which pneo Mr. Hurst disposed ol a mub of 717 head Hie scarcity ol feed combined with the frequency of bush.fire« render Intending purchaser« very cautious Collei - Dalmahoy Campbell report« the market to hate bien glutted, and quotei them at Ironi 90s to 00s Mr. Hurst has found thom In mode- rate demand, end has disposed of Jo hoad Fat Sheep. -A hirc.o number huvo been ofltred, ninny of Indlfler l nt quality, and prlcis have dtcllned fully Is pernead during th« n< ok First quality wethers brought ISs to 17« , «omi hw as lunch as 18s , ewes from 12s. to 14s. Dalmahoy Campbell sold a flock of 2000 good cnos ut 12s to Us - IM&ouni;« Herald, heb 2 