i; THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. I (From the Goulburn Chronicle, January 00.) j _A QuumupED TURKEY.-Mr. Ford, of tho Willow'n ! -Deity, has in his poseidon a most remarkable turkey, possessing four lege and thirteen toes. Tho bird oro { ploys all fis legs in the same way BB any other quadra. ? Ped, ; DesmuonoN OR GRAIN ANO HAY BY Finn AT HUYANA.-About ll o'olook on Monday night a most destruotWe fire broko out in the staok-yard on Mrs. : qltnons' farm at Rhyana, 10 miles from Goulburn, and I Su eontlnued burning until midday of Wodnosday. ! Tho Ara oomraenoed in a very large ataok of new arni j l»«t year'» wheat, oontnlning about OOO bushejs of grain, and «blob vii conni ovar by aa extensive abed. Tb flames burst from tba cartra, with a load report. Ol 'tte'alarm bein« given every mao, woman, and ebild, 01 .the farm lent their beat exertions to prevent tbe flame from communicating with the neighbouring stacks, ba ve regret to state that two, consisting of oaten and lu cerne hay, and of about CO tons eaob, were totally de strayed, as well as the OOO bushels of wheat, A larg staok of wheat, of last year's growth, was in imminon danger for some time, the leaves of a tree near where i bad been built, igniting and falling on the top of it. I was, however, saved by keeping wet blankets on the part most exposed to danger. The shed alluded to, am muon of the fenoing forming the stack-yard , were re- duced to ashes. The origin of the Are is not known Tho value of the property destroyed was about £600. BUSH FIBES.-Almost the whole neigbbourhooc around Goulburn has been visited by most destructivi bush fires. The grass having been long and rank thi devouring element spread with great foroe and rapidity and often baffled the most unremitting endeavours tc stay its progress. . In many plaoes it seized the fen oas sheds, stockyards, and even dwellings oi Bmall farmers and reduced them to a heap of ashes. Stacks of wheal and hay have fallen a prey to the flames, and we regret to state that several instances have reaohed us of ruin having been brought upon families. A farmer named Vaughan who lives, if we have been rightly informed, about Gullen, ha» lost everything belonging to him, with tho exception of bis but. His fencing, which cost upwards of £50, has been swept away, there is not a vestige left of his staok, and the once comfortable little homestead presents a blaok and desolate appearance. Several others, equally depending for subsistence foi themselves and families, on their year's crops have alike suffered, and charity would be well exercised that would exert itself on their behalf. The places where the Aros have been most destructive are gomo parts of the Fish River, near Gullen, Tarlo, Gotta- Walla, and about Lake George. Mr. ThomaB Clat ke, who rosides at the latter place, has, with the greatest difficulty, saved his farm ; the grass around it has, however, been totally destroyed. One of the ill-effects of these great fires ÍB the Mattering of oattle, whioh are, naturally, driven befare the flames, and in many instance? will prebably be difficult to re oover. We believe that our neighbourhood is not the only part that has suffered from visitations- similar to those we have been writing of. The whole line of road, from Gunning nearly to Slelbourne, and for miles on each side of it, has been Bwept over by fire. To the northward the country has been similarly visited, and grain and hay have been destroyed to such an extent that it is probable that what is left will rise in value. GTJKDAOAI.-TUE BUNYIP AGAIN.-I have just beard that a most extraordinary animal has been seen in the river. The party who saw it is employed in the steam mill here, and on his statement every reliance can be placed. He says that while fishing in tbe river about dusk yesterday, between the Tumut and Johnson's Corner, he heard a noise close to the corner, and on looking round saw a large animal swimming towards the middle of the river. When near the centre it turned, and swam down about sixty yards and disappeared. In doing so it mada a loud blowing noise. My informant describes it as being about 10 feet long, of a dirty brown oolour ; the body was about « feet across, and of the same thickness for seven or eight feet from the head ; then gradually tapered off. It was rather to« dark at the time it was seen to describe the shape minutely. In the part of the river where it was seen you cannot induce the blaoks to swim. They have a tradition about it. Another person, soma time since, beard a great noise in the same place, and, although probably the noise proceeded from the Berne animal, no notice was taken of it. (From the Ya»» Courier, January 30.) MR. FORSTER AT QUEANBEYAN.-On tbe afternoon of Thursday last, Mr. Forster addressed his constituents at Queanbeyan in explanation of bis votes in the late Far. liament; and stated the course he intended to pursue, should be have tho honour of being again eleoted as their representative. His address waa enthusiastically received by tbe meeting. It was moved by Mr. Styles that Mr. Forster was a fit and proper person to repre- sent the County of Murray in the ensuing Parliament. Mr. Bradbury, of Queanbeyan, seconded the motion, which was carried by acclamation. The' meeting then separated. GUNDAROO.-The" weather has been extremely fine and dry for the last six weeks, and so hot that it has burned up all the grass again. Wa have been sur- rounded for the last fortnight with bush-fires, but I have heard of none of them going so close to any of the settlers OB to do damage to their crops. We had a nice ateady fall of rain on Saturday night and Sunday morn- ing, whioh lasted fully twelve hours. It bau done a great deal of good to tba green crops, suoh as potatoes, corn, and garden stuffs. It was muon wanted, as every- thing had assumed a yellow, withered appearance. Beeping is now nearly over, but tba produce will never pay tba grower if he bas to sell it at 3s. 6d. or 4s. per bushel. If there is any chance of wheat continuing at that price I suspect tba small settlers will have to go shepherding, for by doing so they will make a little money, but by growing wheat to sell at present rates I they will only launch themselves into dobt. 