SOUTH AUSTRALIA. We have Adelaide journals to the 4th instant. The papers'make mention of the intense heat, the thermometer having ranged for days togetherfrom.110* to 120- in the shade. At the quarterly meeting of the Chamber of Com- merce, the following report waa made on the subject of postal communication with England :-" The com- mittee observing thatva negotiation has been entered into between the Government at home and the Aus- tralian Mail Contract Company that the steamers should call at Kangaroo Island both outwards and homewards, adding an additional Hay in consequence to the contract time, nppointad a dpputation of three members to wait upon the Government, and urge their views as expressed in the following reso- lution, and as being those only whioh will give general satisfaction :-« With reference to . the proposed modification of the European and Aus- tralian Mail Contract Company's contract, by which, with the consent of the other colonies, Kan- garoo Island is to be made a calling place, as a con- cession to South Australia, this chamber is of opinion that no adequate benefit will be derived from it, and that much unnecessary inconvenience, expense, delay» and disappointment will be sustained ; and this cham- ber is further of opinion that the extension of time which it is proposed to allow for calling at Kangaroo Island wonld enable the ocean steamers to proceed up the Gulf of St. Vincent with and for mails and passen- gers as far as, or near to, the lightship, thereby con-, ferring a positive advantage upon this colonv, without prejudicing in any way the interests of New South Wales and Victoria/ The deputation waited accord- ingly upon the Chief Secretary, who expressed his concurrence in the views of the chamber, and stated ' that he would do all in his power to forward the objeot of the resolution." The Weather and tub Crops.-A correspondent at Port Elliott sends us the following : -" I see from the Register you have received from various districts, very gloomy accounts of the wheat crop. I am sorry to say this distriot will by no means form an excep- tion. Along the lakes the yield is Baid to be very de- ficient, and on many farms in this neighbourhood where the crops looked very promising, not even ten bushels per acre have been gathered Irons land which last year yielded sixteen and seventeen bushels. In- deed, taking the district altogether, I very much question whether our aggregate witt be equal to last harvest, notwithstanding the additional lariS brought - under tillage. We have had several bush-fires within the last month, but the alacrity displayed by our police in summoning all the available assistance on titelia-¿S}mrtfVW*^&?*W!9hW%%i&yF;ñm been characterized by the prevalence of excessively hot winds. The thermometer stood in the sun, one hundred ytv.ds from the beach, at 140' ; and I leam from reliable sources that various casualties of a serious nature have resulted."' Lands ron Sam.-The Commissioner of Crown. Lands has issued a list of all sections open for free selection, they having passed the auction. r They in- clude in all 135,054 acres. Thh Bunyip.-Messrs. Randell's twin steamer Bunyip started from the Goolwa on her first voyage up the Murray soon after daybreak on Friday, January 29, having on board, besides Captain Randell, Messrs. Todd, Austin, Hiram Mildred, and some other gentle- men as passengers. She was loaded with cargo for settlers, and had in tow a barge with the electric cable, under charge of Mr. Todd. She proceeded at a speed of from five and a-half to six knots an hour as far as Currency Creek, when something went wrong with a pipe attached to one of the boilers, and the fire was ex- tinguished. Captain Randell worked the steam out of the other boiler, and proceeded as far as it would carry him, then laid to for two hours and a quarter, doline -which time he effectively repaired the pipe, and rectified some other little defects which had come under his notice. The voyage waa then resumed, and the rate against tide as far as Point Sturt was nearly seven knots per hour. There Messrs. Mildred, Austin, and some others left the steamer, and returned to Goolwa in a boat, but the steamer continued in sight for nearly an hour, apparently parading her voyage successfully. The Bunyip is 116" feet long over all. The beam of the tonnage deck is 30 feet. She has a central wheel l8 feet in diameter, with floats 6 feet in width. There are two oscillating engines, and a smaller one at the bows to act upon a paddle athwart ship, which is used to assist in turning sharp corners. There are two rudders ; and they work so easily that a child might steer the vessel. The nominal burden is 102 tons, but she can carry from 120 to 130 tons of general cargo. The saloon is placed forward ; and this is found a convenience, as the heat and smell of the engines are avoided. There is also a very neatly fitted ladies'" cabin. Messrs. i Randell have introduced some novel arrangements which do credit to their ingenuity-. One of these is a contrivance by which the backwater from the paddle wheel is collected into a tank, when, after being warmed by means of the waste steam- pipe, it is made to ' supply the boiler, thus saving the usual pumping ma- chinery. Another is a neat apparatus for gathering together the refuse of the fires, and discharging it' into the river, between the two hulls of the steamer. The Bunyip's motion through the water is perfectly easy, and it is altogether as agreeable a boat as one of * I her tonnage can be made.-Register. Oua Surveyors.-At last the Government are taking active steps to have the land laid out and sold. Twelve months since there was no surveyor in the district, but this injustice was in some measure rectified by Mr. Hay sending up Mr. Haege. This gentleman was succeeded by Mt. Parkinson, then by Mr. Adams, the district surveyor j and now we understand there are three more surveyors on their way up. Had all ot any of these gentlemen been here eighteenmonths since, some gpod result would have accrued : now it is too Into ; tho people are poorer, and many who then bad cash have left our district. Still we say, the visit of these circumfcrenters is " better late than never." Border Post. Florence Nightingale.-.A Phopiiecy by tub iate Lapy Lovelace.-The late Countess of Lovelace, the daughter of Lord Byr^iri, the " Ada, sole daughter of my home and heart,*' although distinguished by success in deeper studies, was not destitute of those inspirations which made the name of Byron illustrious. In some versea which she made on Florence Night- ingale, sevewA years before the Russian war was dreamt of, "occurs the following remarkable presago : I*i futuro year«, In distant climc-c, * Should war's dread strife its victims clnlin, Should pctilcncc, unchecked betimoB, Strike moro than sword, than cannon malm, r Be who then read« these truthful rhymes, i - " W1U trace her progress to undying fame. 