QVM-LEAF O AS ? (FJGLOII TUB KYNETON OHRONIOLE 1 The material progress of a country dependa not only on the industry and enterprise of ita inhabitants, but also on the aid that soienoa «fiords in developing itB resources. It is tho prerogative of science to unfold the arcana of nature, and to open fresh fields to the in- dustry and enterprise of man. It Is. indeed, the combination of the former with the latter, that achieves the triumphs of civilisation. A striking evidence of tods truth is now ex- hibited in Mr. Praagst's process for lighting; with gas, manufactured from gum leaves, aa at present displayed in this town. We hal thought, 'on looking over the expanses of foliage that stretch, in wavy outline, from one mountain range to another, that the leafy canopy served no othero purpose than to ehelter the wild animals ot the forest, or te> preserve the solitude of nature. We had ne» other idea of the illuminating properties of the gum-leaf than that displayed by tha Military camp-fire, shedding ita light through it bo dark glades of the, forest, or by the lurid ii glare cast over the horizon by the distant bush-fire. But Mr, Praagst's dis- covery converts that which before was com- paratively useless into one of the valuable« J c sources of the countiy, and supplies one of the requirements of civilisation-an econo- mical material for lighting the towns of the Australian colonies with gas. We therefor a regard the lighting of our town as not a mera local matter (although in that respect wa cannot well over- estimate its importance), but also as an important event in the history of these colonies. The procesB IB sparcely lesa a noveltv than the fact that our rural town, .after Melbourne, takes the precedence of all the towns in the colony in being lighted with gas. , Believing that the adoption of gas-lighting most soon become universal throughout the towna of these colonies, we regard this dis- covery as more important, more conducive to the general social comfort, and more calcu- lated to promote the progress of civilisation " than would have been the discovery of rich coal deposits, which has, hitherto,been con- sidered the great desideratum of the colony. It is unnecessary to descant on the superior brilliancy and softness of the¡ light obtains! from the gas, or on its exemption from the sulphurous exhalation which is so apparent in the combustion of coal gas: Its excellence will be admitted by our general readers; we \- bid the sceptical who have not witnessed it, , to visit our town and satisfy themselves by ocular demonstration. H We aro BO thoroughly convinced of the superiority of this process> of lighting, that v»e prodict it will not only he adopted by tho towns of the interior, but also by our metro- politan cities. ' \ There can be no question as to adoption of gum leaf gas in the interior towns of the colonies-this may be regarded as'un fa t accompli; and as respects Melbourne, and tha other seaport towns supplied with coal, wa believe that tho cum leaf will supersede coal gas, not only from its superior quality, but alto from the greater economy in the material and procesa. We write advisedly in stating that a ton of gum leaves produces 10,000 cubic feet of gas. ' This ¡B equal in yield to that of the best English coal. We believe that even iii the seaports a ton of the gum leaf can b . obtained at a lower price than a ton of English coal. It requires less fuel to vola- tilize, and the process is altogether mora economical. ' > < ' Wo congratulate the directors of the com- pany on the rapidity and economy with ivhioa they have completed their work. In this re sptot they are much indebted to the care an! vigilance of their engineer. < We congratulate our fellow-townsmen on the superior Bbpect which Kyneton now pre- finís. We hope they will hot be satisfied \\\ u h what' they have already accomplished, lut that they will maka an effort to extend a vejstein of Btreet lighting throughout tho <o,vn. >We trust that in this desire we shall i ot be considered premature1, and that tha land lantern will be soon bung up as a me lijorial of the dark ages, and that the system c1 peripatetic lighting so supernatural in. it* ntipttt, andnso likely to alarm the superati i iims.will be rendered unnecessary and becomj < budete. <? ' "' ^' We would extend our congratulations to our fellbw-colonibts generayy, oh the prospect ç pt ned to them, of 30 soon obtaining one of xLe great desiderata of modern civilisation, iu.me.ly, the ?lighting of our itowns with gas. ' '1 he moral aots on the imateiial world, and the con ve IBU rule holds good ;' and we believe tbat'this invention will not only affect the lu.terial progress, but also exert a benefioial ii fluence on the social condition of these colonies. _i MUTTON AT 'MEUAGÜS.-An amusing story {.in told of a party of diggers proceeding to tha . new rush who, were' camping out enjoying their evening meal, when they were passed b/ tbiee, other individuals, one of whom was Mr. Meats, the owner of the station on which, tha diggings aro situated. The .minors, with that well-known. hospitality which characterises ti em, Invited the travellers to partake of a pannikin of tea, and recommended to their notice some excellent mutton which they hal bt eu eating, instead of bread or damper, with. their beef. The tea was accepted, but thi ti ateliers having only just dined, declined th? mutton. 'The diggers-having, we suppoir-, curae from Albury, where mutton is a rarity continually praised their joint, and pressed it upon the travellers Individually. " Will not; .jour mate take some?" said they, pointing to >Mr. Mears. Tho geutlemun addressed scarcely "knew whether lu laugh or to ' Speak seriously, for it was his own sheep which the dlg&era; hftct killed on bis run.-Border Post 