THE DEFENCES OF MELBOURNE. CO TUB ED2TOE OF VTEE ARO US. Sir,-^If we are not found in a proper state of défonce, inoaseofau European war, it will cer- ] tainly not'bo your f«uit, for tho public owe you much for the manner in whlch- you have so frequently called attention to this vital-and public question, foe beLig thus " fore-warned" may place us iu a -ßtato of being '" fore- armed." I am not, however, one of those who apprehend war cn tho presont occasion, bat individual opinion as to war or no war is A matter of little moment in-« question of national defence; for as we are told we "* shall hear of wars and rumors of wars," we may expect them, and it will -bo only wisdom toba found prepared for them. .layour number of yesterday you-remark that " the bust suggestion that has -PS yet been offered towards arriving at a satisfactory conclusion in this respect appears to bs the combination of three methods of defence - >vi2. : Land -batteries, gaa-boats, and<-floating batteries." lYotx again -observe, "As it h -«gainst shlps'that we «hall have- to defend ourselves, it Is ttdviaiiblo.to consider what will >bo the moateííective weapon to be usedngainst them." As this appears to seek for further -suggestions, allow me to suggest focy-our con- sideration, and that of^the public, ?& fourth mode ot defence, which perhaps- might be used with etlect for the-oatety of our-shipping and hornor, and that is, rho employment of fire-rafts rilled with the most -combustible matter. I need haidiy observe to.you-tb.at this is not A novel .engine iu water warfare, During ¡the lhst war with the Burmese empire (in which E wa3 engaged for two yuura with my regiment) the,enemy made use ot inoBt tormidable ärs-talts, which they at night flouted down .the magnincont rlvei, thu Irrtwudiiy, in-order to destroy out Bhippingdn breast «f the town of.&angoon;, and nothing but our position >could have saved our fleet of ships. A small ship of wai wiiB stationed in a -deop creek up the river, una bhorwhea she «aw tho fire-iafto coming down, threw up blue lights and rockets, which .were understood tis a signal tor " all hands io turn out" Bouts were then iK'Hpu'.ciifcd with grapnels anduhat-B to meet them, and the raits were mot uud made fust to objects on the banks of tho riverland then left tobe consumed. A hustUuileetcoining tuto the ¿leads would not have this facility I conceivo that thesa iiewly-iiivvented gun- boats, although not clou in " ¿Ulan armour,' but shielded in well-tempered liirmiueliam metul, and which .it. appears au capable ol resisting the heavieatwreijiht of snot, even at u ciosq proximity, could be used nitu eiltet it towing and guiding ¿the fire-rafts, so asín u manner to encircle or envelope tbe hostil i .vessels within their .destructive influence either, sat them on fire or drive them, usher« .in their attempt to.avoid a collision. I wall asMimo that tho Melbourne Heads are a julie and a halfoi so across of -deep water the rest shallow ; the Jiru-ralts magnt be. fixt¿ m the following positions: one divibion o; thean to be placed in readiness at the lpny i Heads, nqxt to WiUiuuasluwn, so that wnur the enemy's Bhips entered tUu Heads, aac «vero engaged with the different batteiies chatlhoiunboats should move off with tht liro.rafcç, and moor them across the duel channel, tho jratts bein« at certain distance! liuked together by strom? cable chains-tin nine legmrud lor una inanceuvrd to be ascer- tained hy act.ual practice, rtckoning tJioitimo u vessel under .press of .soil would take in r>aesinglhrou_h c_e Hoads, _ind the iierigii.it would cake for.(he gunbouts-to moor audjiro the rafts. Another division ul tufts might bo kept prepared at the outer Ilejtds, und allowed to flout towards the enemy's ships, shouid thoy be unablo to PÍÍS the iirey flotilla in ad vunco, The position of the raits to be regu- lated by the "uuboatfi, according to the etute of the wind ¿mi tide at the time. It is pre- sumed, once the liru-itifts were moored und liKd, no living boat couid approach them till ijiey were consumed, .and the probable time that they would take Ja eonbutufpg would alsp reqalio pretty exitct calculation. The gunboats in question would have au incal- culable advantage in a wuriaro of this sort, us they would be invulnerable to shot, and e'onld xun intil the shallow wuterq. Ad you remark, our land defence would raaiiiiy.Utpimd upon "awell-trained militb;" hut we wuuld still run great hazards against well-diac^nUned troops. A soldier, whose mind is trained for years to look to fighting, and, if need be, to die in battle, has an im- mense advantage over a peaceable militia-man, just taken from his home, and, perhaps, far removed in the bush. Therefore, -every possible defence should bo adopted, and advantage taken of natural positions. A good bush-fire might not bo a bad recep- tion for a strange enemy lauding on the Brighton Bide, for I believe tho bush is pretty thick in that part of the country. Wete it cut down, and with a little addition of com- bustible matter, and at different points fired at a proper moment, such a buBh-iire might provo very formidable and destructive to a strange onemy unaccuetomed to meet such a foe-that might provo the moment for our militia to take advantage of. If the country aud bush be such as I believe it to be, I do not consider it would be a very difficult thing to turn this buch-firo into a very futal arabuBh to an enemy advancing on Melbourne by the Biighton side-even a wood, or a bush, cut down, is fnr more difficult (or a body of men, with ormB in their hands, to get through than a wood that is standing. But, Mr. Editor, even if ive do succeed la raising a line body of militia, where are our arms and ammunition ? The Government mast form an Armoury and arsenal, and that without delay AN OLD INDIAN CAMPAIGNER. N.B -If the worst comea to the worst, and an enemy's fleet should appear to nasa tho Heads, I would alter the line of tho "bubys," to mis- lead ; I would Bet lire to the shipping in the Bay ; set their sails, cut their cables, direct their helms towardg the -jnerey, and let the country pay the lose. 