GOO-EE ! (From, Dickens' Household Words.) Many yews ago, when Australia was little more than a vast sheep-walk; and before the colonists had dreamed of digging gold, " From out the boweJfl of the sinful earth,'' it was my fate to be lost in the bash; and this is how it happened : I had rectn;ly arrived in what was then termed the new country of Port "Phillip, now better known as Victoria ; and. unwilling to settle prematurely, was taking a fconr through | the pasjoral districts. Herein I followed the I ndvice of an old Mend, who furnished m« j with introductory letters to several squatters i in various parts of the eo'oay. j Accordingly, one morning, I set out from Hawkswood, a lonely shhep-station, situated under the shadow of Mount Macedon's ma jestic pile, with'"the intention of. proceeding; to Koiorook, on the banks of the Loddon, a j distance of about thirty miles- My instruc ting were to follow a certain track, or bush road, until I crossed the ford to which it would conduct me j then to keen along the banks of the river, till I came to the station. ' For some time all went pleasantly enough. The track was pretty well defined, the day was fine, and my hor<e was fresh.; so I can tered, along with all that exhausting buoy ancy of spirits which is peculiarly attributable to the delicious atmosphere oi Australia, The Oampaspe and Coliban rivers were pasBed i without dificulty. When therefore, a few miles father on I approaob&d; a small creek, I apprehended no danger. But that despised creek was the source of, all my subsequent troubles. St losing the fording-place, which appeared to be most used, I rode boldly into the stream, which at the point was very wida and shallow. When about half-way through, my horse stoopsd his head to drink, and 1 released my grasp of the bridle, that he might do so with greater freedom. Instantly, however, I {".It th-it he was pinking into the soft, black mud, which formed the bed for the oreek. I sought to urge him onward ; bat it was too late, tie ttrugglod in vain to extricate himself, and I had barely time to draw my feet from the stirrups, and spring from his back, ere ho roiled over on his side, and was swept by the current into an adjoining water >hole of un known depth, I had stepped briskly back to the land, and now awaited the result. In the deep water my stead recovered his equilibrium; and, striking out for the father bants, eaail.* effected a landing. No sooner wa3 he ashore than,' to my Vexation, I beheld hira xollaud tumble on the gr>ss, utterly destroying the saddle. He ih n shook himself heartily, as though glid to be rid of his hum in incumbrance—to wit. in y >.e f ; and after theBe demon»tiatiocs,prtceoied to crjp the grass witk the utmost nonchal ance. I wiC]od throughthe ford as hastily as the y eldiog nature oi the soil would permit, and eadravJured to recap;ure the truant. But immediately I approached nim, he thre.v up his heels, and bounded off. la vain I sou-ht to coax him; aud, at lentgh, afiera long and fruitless ch a 3d, I gave it up in despair thtt Knfu thl h^rae' 1 J uJged correctly aStfcinn h mr u h}a W*rt0 the Up- country station, where I had purehased him a few days previously. Horses frequently traverse great distances in Australia, to return to the station on which they have been bred. Indeed wed-authenUcited instances are related of some of these animals having been brought W r • rVru'S}'daey 10 Melbourne » yet, by some infallib.e instinct, finding their way Kltf fn?' Ifhad n' c0acarn thea> for the ultimate loss of my property ; but, iu the meantime, what should I ao ? Two-thirds of my journey were already accomplished, and being unaquaintod with the country, I knew not where to seek assistance in that locality, i decided, therefore, on proceeding, ana—• th're was no help for it—I must walk Now, a ten-mile walk was never more than an unconsidered trifle to me ; but unfor tunately in chasing my vagrant steed, I had strayed from my path. I felt confident, how ever, that it lay to the left, and according!p I shaped my course in thit direction It proved afterwards that, in the excitement of the case, I had crossed the track, so that I now receded from, instead of approaching it The scene of my disaster was just at the end ot the open country which I bad hitherto traversed, and I was now amongst lefty raises, densely clothed with enoalypti and boxwood With intervening 8;rubby guides, through'and across winch [ now made my way. ~Wlien previously riding over the Caliban plain's, I , had . o_ic3d a lofty mountain, with" the de." sanation of which I was, at that time, un acquainted ; but; I have shue learned to call n Mount Alexander. This I had bee a in, atructe I to leave on my right; not,finding the! bash-trick I imagined I was getting amonss; the adjoining ranges, and therefore deviatt d stiil more to the left. The heat of the day soon began to tell upon me ; and remeraoering the shortness 0f the* distance I had to travel, I relaxed my speed. 1 had no thought yet ot having lost my way : hut the incessant exertion necessary to ascend and descend the steep and rooky hills fatigued me .greatly. Soon, a real danger loomed in perapeecivo, I had long observed what I sup posed, to be a dense vapour hanging over the neighoour.ng ranges ; at length I became dubious that it wassmike ; the bush around ma was on fire ; All the horrors of my situa tw .T2 ?y and a!I dreadful ta.es that 1 had heard, of men burnt ,to deaih in the forests, crowded into my remembianoa. Anxious to ascertain the full extent of m'v dar-gar, Iclimbed a lofty rang*, and thence gazed out upca a sea of fire, or rather sm. ka the dense volumes of which canopied the scene belo»f and hi3 the smouldering fluuts. But in myJace blew the wind, hot from con tact with the fierce element, and lad in with the unmiatakeab'e scene of burning timber. My ear too, caught a low sulbn roar, like the sound of distant breakers, and an accompani ment, which I eas.dy recognised as the crack ling of the burning mass, I turned to look for Mount Alexander, but it was not visible from my point of view. I had no source but to proceed, and trust to events for deliverance. I bitterly repeated my imprudence in not returning to the creek, and following its courie till I had struck the bush-track. hurried ou, in the bope of crossinw the limits of the fire before it should reaoh°me • and I was inexpressibly delighted, when' shortly afterwards I came to a pare of the forest which had been already burnt. The blackened earth yet smoked ; here and there ; heaps ef brushwood smouldered, and many of the trees wtte still o& fire. The flames, leaped from branch to branch ; and the huge truuks glowed like red«hot cylinders. Every second [ a resounding crash proclaimed the fall of some ! monarch of the forest ; and great care was necessary to avoid the blazing fragments which fell around me. But I git compara tively safe.; for here the greatest enemy was I at bay. I walked a full hour through this moaatrous furnace, half blinded and suffocated by tha smoke, and my fcet go blistered by contact I with the hot earth, that I could scarcely sup- 1 port the pain The skin of my face, more, orer, peeled off with the fierce heat, and 1 perspired to the verge of exhaustion. It was ' therefore, with a sensation of intense satisfac tion that I at length entered an unburnt space on the slope of the mountain range. Ic ia well known that the slightest obstacle suffices to turn aside the fiery current; and thus it happens that in the very midst of su^h a scene as I have descri ed, the traveller tud denly comes upon a verdant oasis. Anxious to reach the valley, the appearanco of which seemed to indicate the preface of water—from the want of which I was greatly sufferings! decended rapidly, and was about 1 midway, when my attention'was arrested by a !'fane5tod and Pec?lrar rustling noise inutile f r Sr.as9 through w hict I was walking. Notprrcemng anything I moved on; when just rg I was aboutto step on withered tuft, a pi imond snakeglided swiftly out of it, and disappeared amidst the scrub. The rustlin* Was now explained. I was in the mid,t of a snake-heap! These r.-ptiles fly before the bush-fires, which are fatal to them ; and an innumerable quantity, driven from their ordi nary haunts, had taken refuge in this unde B^ot' * at onco m7 °nly chance « safety was in my speed ; so, picking nj a huge stone that lay cloBe by, I rolled it with all my force down the slope, to shrm my unpleasant neighbours, ana closely following bottomUrSe' raa fle0tIy aQtl safely the I was disappointed in. my hope of obtaining water; and now the horrors of thirat were added to my sufferings. Doubts of my path also began to flit across my mind. I could perceive no landmark which might serve as a guide ; and could no longer form any idea of my position. Still I thought I had not greatly wandered from a direct line; and could I but strike the Loddon,' which I imagined to lie before me, ifc wcuid be easy to follow its downward course to Kororook. After a short pause I proceeded, and soon came to another blazing range, over a portion ol which the fire had recently passed. Not caring to plunge again amongst the burning timber, I continued my course up a grassy valley which wound around the base ol the hill; and was just congratuliting myselt on approaching a more open country, when, ou turning the corner of a projecting spur, I found mjself directly in front of the fire itself, rhrusting mv handkerchief into my mouth, I mustered all my. speed slid., made for the black spot on the range, which alone pro mised safety. Scarcely had I reached it when ; the flames rushed by with whirlwind speed, I °rackme and rearing with a fearful sound ; and in les* time than it takes to write the oc curence, the wholo valley through which I had just passed was enveloped in fire and smoke. Had it not been for the . haste with which I ^^tted the snake-heap, 1 should undoubt edly have been cvettuken at a pluce where, having no refuge at hand, I must have fallen •victim to the fire. Kneeling on the hill side, I fervently thanked Pi ovidence for my preservation, and the act soothed my mind ; for I felt after that, that I was nob alone, even in that dread wilderness. Up, and on again, over rocks and ranges, now running the gauntlet between flaming trees, and anon forcing my way through tan gled scrub, as the undergrowth is locally termed. I presently lost ali traces ol the fire, and at length, entered a small plain; but if 0 tlli3 time the conviction had seized me, that I was lost in. the bush, and therewith oame the horrible iidea, that it might possibly be my fate to wander amidst those deserts tiil I perished of hunger. I heard of suoh cases, had been told ot unfortunate wretches whose remains have been found in the wild bush ; and so vividly was I impressed with the fear of sharing their dreadful doom, that I pencilled my English address on several of my cards, in order that my friends might Ua informed of my death, Wijh what joy then did I survey the plain before me ! Here at least there was hope, for I could see soma little distance ahe»d, where s, in the h artless country I had left, the prospect was ordinary limited to" a few score yards. To increase my delight, I had not'proceeded far, when I had perceived a human buing em erge from the ranges, a little in advance c'f. myself; I attempted to call him, but my pa>-chad throat refased to perform the desired office, until I had plucked a few gum-leaves and chewed them. Thus refresed, 1 l.udly shouted, Coo-ee a cry peculiar I . believe to Australia. It ia admirably adapted 1 r con veying the voice to a great distance, consist ing y>f two distinct rotes ; the first, loud, shrill and prolonged ; the second short and sharp. The stranger turned readily, and waited for me to coma up with him. He was short: of stature, and his features were nearly indis tinguishable, owing to the thick growth of a rough grisly beard, which strangled, un checked over his bronzed fa :e. Sis clubbing ennsiftoa. of tia ordinary bush a.tire : a cab bage-tree hat, a blue serge shirJ, and mole skin trousers, confined and snppjrted, sailor fashion, by a leather belt, from which was suspended a tin cup, or paurikan. Athwart his shoulders he carried his swag, (Anglice blankets,) and this somewhat disappointed me, for it betokened that he also wa3 a stranger in_that locality. On questioning him, I .found that such was indeed the case, for - he was tiavelling in search of employment as shepherd. "But," • said he, "it ain't very much odds, where I go; I am as likely to get work at one station : as another. So, I knows a little aboat this part of the country, . I may as well go your way, and perhapa you'll be able to help ma to a berth at Kororook '' Kough and rude as the man was, I would not, just then, have.; exchanged his company . for that of the moat polished philoaipher in Europe, unless the latter had been ■ as good a bushman as 1 hoped to: find in my-new ac quaintance. The heat now became oppressive, and the vertical rays of the declining sun, shining full in my face, almoBt blinded me, as we crossed that treeless plain. At the further end.aherdof cattle were grazing, and near tibese my companion led the way ; the ap pearance'of the country, and the presence of tho cattle induced him to expect- water in that-direction. We were jogging on at a fair pace, when suddemly my blue-shirted friend exclaimed: "I think these bullocks have' a mind to stick us up. Look!" I observed a huge beast, apparently ;th« commodore of the herd, stalking slowly, and with a menacing action of the head, towards us, the rest followed en'masae. What wks to be none ? We were at least a quarter of a mile from the timber ; and before we cou'd possibly reach' its shelter, the cattle would ( overtake us ; when if we escaped their horns, we must be evidently be crushed under their hoofs. "Stand still " said Blueshirt; "they have not begun galloping yet, and may take, us | for stumps if Ave don't move." I had considerable doubt of the animals' | instincts misleading them in this way ;!but it was only chance. Soon, to my relief, the leader ceased to advance, and throwing up his brawny head, seemed to "be snuffing'the air. He was evidently puzzled, and in his bring so lay our hope. After a fewminuies ht ap peared to have decided on taking no further notice of us; but my companion refused to scir until the beasts were heading in tha opposite direction. Then, taking to. our h els. we rushed in the covert1 in hot haste: I sat down among the trees, fait and veiry; hunger and thirst we're gaining the irastory over me, and I loBt heart at the interninable succession of rauge3 which now again rose before us. The sun, moreover, was rapidly going down ; and no sign of humaH babita tBo'n was anywhere discernible. I refused therefore, to. quit the plain, without at .least, a search for water ; so, we kept along the skirts of the timber, and in a lew ©.'nutes some tufts of high green, reedy grass bettkeneJ its presence. Throwing myself on theground, I drank long and heaitily ; and neva- to my recollection did the best of wine equal the flavour of that delicious draught of water. ■ - And now another sense demanded satisfac tion ; drawing out o ;r cutty-pipes, black* ened by constant use, and a plug of Barrett's twist tobacco, we cut the latter into shavings, and lighting a match, without which the bushman rarely travels, were soon luxuriat ing. Ab the last tiny wreath of smoke floated lazily upward, we buckled our belts tighter, and went on. In the conversation which had taken place over our pipes, my companion acknowledged that he was altogether igno rant of the whereabouts of Kororook, but thought he knew which way to steer for the Lodden. We arranged therefore to ascend the first eminence we came to and endeavour ' ta ascertain our exact posiiion; which as Bluesbirt profes ed to know every hig ; bill in the colony, seemed feasible. I have siiice learned somewhat to distrust the accu racy of these very knowing bushmen; tbo modest sort are oftener correct. It was some time before we found a hill sufficiently lofty for our purpose and when 'Tn ilfn. 8 8U'^ ^!8'a°0o on our right* wag. dared t D°k W»i? m7 companion at once de ^Wnder; so I had a Yew mil y J? a circle, and wag now but the monuTg P°int whenCe 1 sfcarted in i<2EfW"«M «» ta" Z, r rfi 0y barker's I can't exactly °lL country E',h« - "v bil «.«. b4she:,Mr. frt? mr r Lodden plains An/ J t 'P ' of the yoo big hill &£*£*!!•» 'tat .»»«fej^srLodSrsT'sdis «<£ VJut.five lolloping miles." gal opinglTliT" 8!"1 rGpeated' " Whlt way seems shorter^-' b^Y"6 " HdiDg LodSon/'aiD,t ,eSa^an ^ Eight miie, to the Loddon, and how /«, ^• T, P0Sfi°f 2u"ferous.quartz. .«n on near us!" I asked | can't be'far^rnm^h ^ ^ CamPbeU'8 two • tut T JnnV tere-"ot ab°™ a mile or ' S£ sa j? **£■■ Susvs: fhe L^dder.'' Watara Wbout3 fall into 1 assented" W° ^^"4 ProPosition to offer, I taoi^ih, ar/cT.s&3rta p»rte°T''»o°ry '0r s"'e'al ' In "ome ethers itsTh"l? a,nongsfc granito rocks; in herbage as toXT^i E° °V0rSrown with Oncei.twice, it ^w*-»«rSS «ffi$SS52L a.—»« of Slant &?ef°r0Webad quite l03t *&* were »„» dteSgSVi^td^''. ?8 «ted th. SaufteVcS,' a„d"iE'e to nund our position relatively to <!><> rv, ? ? keeping the left shoulder towards tbo l h S °-^« <Sl"i?TP.",tated tb*< «« w»e right line. a sm tli stream which he was <Je,iro.,« ?f ^ lowing to its confluence with the river I told hat f "febt-Mt .tfc,S! tot itir 1 m - ™iid «?»** feois sa 5&*R**»5 SL • ™f'w *\ seatned the contiguo^ ranges , and, before long, beheld in the dia 6 something which |limmered with a a?l very sheen in the clear starlight. uSI2,ht' without uttering a single wwd, we both—obeying a common JS onward to resolve our hopes and fears Before us lay a broad and silent river whosa currentless surface plainly revealed the tenth we souJht a f 6 ^P088^- Anziouslv ProS a.ior^in« Plac«. but found none. Provided with long sticks, we entered -*t srbuT™'""i0™* s®-*w»" fl™ j e a deeper channel in tervened through which the flood imnetn natire^f the Whi'St ?he\ei^t and ^certain atteTnf tl 1 opposite banks forbade any attempt to leap across. In this emergency ?ours^e p either rfte> e/ch taking 3 di^rent tcwaVtoM a/rtff »Pre«tobl» • ^ chosen the upward course of the mer, and before I Jhad proceed- far> f d?8! covered a tree lying athwart the stream Summoning the shepherd, we cauSw crawled along the t'unk, but conceiv- our j disappointment when we found jJ-aC it did 1 not reach the opposite bank lJ several fep^J ' The distance was not p- ^reat« but -tha' we 1 might have leanp-1 iC> bid we been sole to ! obtain firm -citing, and a! clear sj^ice • but branch~ co° ^deble to sapport our weight projected between, whilst K>h*ath us the stream—chafed and fretted by this obstacle to its free progress rai with a force sufficient to sv^ep us away, bodily, if by any misch mce wptdileu to reach .the. shore. I resolvd flowever, t) . venture, and carefully raising my body to its full length, paused an instant to steady myself, on the 'extreme'end of a broken limb, and sprang forward. As I did so, the heel of my boot struck aga inst a pro jecting twig, and. I was violently precipitated a-ain?t the bank. In my fall I instantly clutched Mie soil, and to this I now clung with a death-like grip, seeking, meanwhile, to raise myself from my perilous^ position. To my horror, I felt the earth giving way with mv weight ; already the river seemed to claim me as its sure prey, and I gave myself up for lost Snddenly a strong arm grasped the collar , of my coat, and in a moment I was safe on the turf by the Bide of the shepherd who, more fortunate or more expert than myself, had landed fairly on the bank. But now an other difficulty beset me. Either, in my faU, or when endeavouring to scramble up the - bank, I had injured ray ancle, and I suffered acute angu:sh as I limped along. The pain, at length became insupportable. X was unable to move another s ep; so, borrowing the shepherd's blankets, I bade him go on, and endeavour to obtain assistance. '' No, no," he replied, to my exDostulations "have the blankets and welcome". Miny'a the night I've slept without any ; and I can do so again, specially when it's for a cove iu truole." Let me observe , in passing, that no dis • respect was intended to be conveyed by this 1 word, " cove," which, in Australian bush phraseology, is commonly used as an equi valent for "master." ■ -j Finding it vain.to argue the point with my paertinacicu? companion, I gave it up, and rolling myself in the blankets—;for in spite of thoheatof the day the. night wat uot over warm—I lighted my pipe, buckled my belt yet tighter, and reconciled myself to my net very agreeable position „ Just then, the bark of a dog was borne faintly on the breeze, to our delighted ears. •' Hush 2—-hark ! Tea, it ia a dog/ guv* e enough. Now wo are all right, Coo- ee ! " All;was silent for a moment, and then— ".Cooree !"—we were amv/ered. • And now Blueshirt set off by himself; For some time I could hear his culls, arid those of his invisible respondent. Than they ceased altogether,and I judged thut he >jad arrived at some friendly hut. It proved to be no hut, but a head-station, the very Kororook that I wa« in search of. • Six years ago, the solitude of those wild regions in which I.had all day wandered!, was duturbtd by hosts of men, armed, not, with sword and musket, but wifcfc pick and shovel What sought they thete? Gold!' 'fellow, glittering gold ! The wi dernesa teoraed with* gold. They found it or. the surface of the hills, snd beneath the aocur, #'atedsoilof thev*#eyi i'hey dived into the bowels of the mono tains, and it was there. / They shattered the. snow white rocks that capped the ranges, and it was * there. Everywhere they wrested from the bosor.i of mother earth her glittering treasures. Gold, for which the avaricious toil and the bra .ve shed their life-blood ; Gold, the idolof thp poor and the encumbravice of the wealthy j Gold, the loot of evil and the source 0f unnumbered blessings; was to.be had fr,r the mere i kking up. I visited the Victorian golj-fulds ill eigh tefn hundred and fifty-three, and identified V'ne scene of my wanderings. I ascended the hill, whence we had described the lofty peaks . of Tarrengower and Alexander; bat the white" rocks were no more ; the titmmer of the quartz-miner had shivered them to atoms, and many thousand of pounds worth , of Gold had been extracted from their snowy '.breasts.: 