MOUNT BARKER. [From our General Correspondent.] Mount Barker,December 6. I attended the meeting of the Agricultural and Horti- cultural Society yesterday evening, but the battle of con- flicting interests ran so high and personal recrimination was so prominent, that the proceedings would hardly bear reporting. I therefore send you only a digest of the business done, from which you will see that the old Society is defunct, and that a new one is to be formed, in which the principle of alternate exhibitions at Mount Barker, Nairne, and Woodside will not be acknowledged. It remains to be proved whether this has been an advi- sable step or otherwise ; but there is no doubt that a strenuous effort will be made to enlist the support of the surrounding districts, and the result may perhaps be a first-class show, in every way worthy of Mount Barker. The weather has been very hot, and there was a slight bush-fire to the northeastward of the township on Sunday last. The lite Me. George Worthinqton, J.p, -The remains of this much-esteemed gentleman were nterred yesterday in Wesbterrace Cemetery, when a considerable number of the legal profusion, including lii Honor Mr. Justice Gwynue, Commisnloner Mann, Mr. Burtley, &c;, attended to evince their high respeot or the deceased. Mr. Worthiogton arrived in South Australia in 1819, and for some time followed bis pro ession in Adelaide. In 1852 he wu appointed, by Sir Henry Young, Stipendiary Magistrate for the District of Horphett Vale, the duties of which office he discharged intil a very recent period, when he accepted the appoint ment of senior solicitor to tbe lieal Property Cornraift lioncis. He had scarcely entered upon bis new office nrhen he wu visited wish a severe att&uli; of sciatica, the pain from which he endued with great fortitude for many weeks, and he grudmllj sunk under it. Mr. Wor thinzton had a good legal reputation. Although en gaged in extensive practice, ha wrote several works on professional subjects, ene of which, viz,, ' Worthingtou on Will},'* hu' passed through several editions. He held tbe important post of solicitor to the Liverpool Dock Trustees, and conducted their Parliamentary bu*ine?a with great credit and success. His constitution Buffered from over devotion to his arduous duties, and he sought the mild and salubrious climate of South Australia, where, until lately, he enjoyed health to a degree previously unknown to him. He wu a man of great vigour of mind, liberal in opinions, an ardent ^aw reformer, and his recent appointment wu therefore particularly acceptable to him. He hod made op bis mind, if spared, to employ all hU legal acumen and practical experience ia perfecting the popular measure known u Torrens's Act, and on this account alone his- death, although at a ripe age, U to be lamented. But it wu for his high tone, genial disposition, dignity and urbanity of manner, in a word, as a thorough English gentleman, that those who knew him admired him. During his residence at Morpaett Yale he did all in his power to subdua litigious feelings j accessible to all, he gave sound aud kindly oounsal to those who needed it, and It is almost unneoeesorj to say that he won the confidence and friendship alike of hU brother Magistrate! and of the settler* in the district. There wu a general desire to present him with some testi monial of regard on bis leaving tbe district, but with that modesty of his own merits which characterized him he checked tha proposal as soon as he beard of it. Mr. Worthinxton leaves one daughter, who is married to our worthy follo^-colaaUt, Dr. A. C.Kelly; and one son, who was educated for the English Bar, and who, we hope, will ere long bs an accession to that of South Australia. MOUNT BARKER AGRICULTURAL AND HOR- TICULTURAL SOCIETY.— A general meeting of the Mount Barker Agricultural and Horticultural Association wu held in Low's long room on Monday, tbe 6th instant, for the purpoie ot receiving the bslwce-iheer, electing office-bearers for the ensuing vesr. and to transact the general Dsstnegj oi the society. A considerable discus sion emanated from the balance-sheet, which showed au overdraft on trie treasury amounting to IU. fid. It appears that at the last election of officers the Associa tion wu so seriously involved that no one could be found to take office. To meet this difficulty it wu arranged that the new Mount Barker Committee should not be trammelled with the liabilities of other Committee! ; but at the same time should there be a surplus, amount of funds derived from the show it wu to be appropriated to the liquidation of the old scoounU. The late Com mittee hav,e so far carried out the view of the Association as to reduce the debt by same £30. It appears that one of the rules of the Society is that the annual show shall be held at one or other of the principal townships in the district, Woodside being the appointed, place for the present year. This does not meet the views of the majority, and thera wu a warm disoussion npon the subject b.iih pro and eon. It was urged by those who were in favour of the show being shifted yeuly, that any alteration at tbe present wonld not only preclude the possibility of hiving any show this year, but alto that it wonld bo weaken the Society by cutting the district into parts, that instead of the Asso ciation, u at present, having one good show held either at Mount Barker, Nairne, or Woodside, there woaW btt three or four distinct shows utterly on worthy of attention On the other side, it wu argued that parties lifhw on tbe southern outikirts of the district would bo benefited by the show being permanently held at Mount Barker The result of tUeae conflicting views wu the entire dis solution of the old Bociety ; and there U to be a publio meetinjr for the purpose of establishing a new one for UVUlt Barker, 