STRATHALBYN. (From a Correspondent.) Strathalbyn, February 7. I regret to have to inform you that this neighbour- hood has been the scene of a most extensive and de- structive conflagration. A large fire had been noticed during Saturday to be burning in the direction of the Meadows and Macclesfield ; but what damage has been done there I have not heard. On Sunday morning, during Church service, the alarm was given here, and the people rushed to Blackwood, the late residence of Dr. Rankine. The garden and out- houses there, and the grass, are all destroyed, but the house was saved. From there the fire passed to Reed & Williamson's and Pendall's, destroying all their houses, barns, and crops ; some of the children, I have heard, were with difficulty rescued from the flames. From there it passed to Mr. Hall's, sen., destroying a fine stack of hay, calculated to contain about 70 tons, and a quantity of wheat. Hamp- den, the residence of Dr. Walker, S.M., was the next place ; but by dint of great exertion, it appeared likely to be saved ; indeed, the fire passed by it, clearing off all the grass, and destroying a fine paddock of lucerne, but leaving the house, stable, and stacks all standing. The parties who had been engaged in beating back the flames, left it with a guard, and went to Dr. Blue's, which was in great danger. Unfortunately a tree was burning near the hay-stack, aud a breeze springing up from the west carried some fire from it to the stack ; and in less than five minutes the stack, stables, house, and out-houses were all destroyed. Part of the house consisted of an iron house, in which, as a place of safety, had been stored the most valuable of the moveables ; but the iron became red hot, and set fire to the wooden lining of the house, and everything within was con- sumed. The entire horses, Red Lion and Bruce, had been removed for safety to the township. The westerlv wind which caused the destruction of Hampden in all probability saved the township, assisted by some ploughed land of Mr. Sloane's, which fortunately inter- vened. To give any estimate of the damage would be at present utterly impossible. Whilst writing the above I have been informed that the fire has just broken out again at the back of Glenbar, the residence of Mr. W. Rankine, J.P. ; but, as the day is very quiet, I trust no more damage will be done. All the fences in the course of the fire are destroyed. 