NEW SOUTH WALES. We have Sydney papers to the 22nd Oc tober. The Empire of that date has the fol lowing summary of news:— "A rumour reached Sydney at a late hour last night that a boat, containing four persons (three men and a woman, the wife of one of the men), which had left Sydney at about 4 o'clock in the afternoon on a fishing excursion to Broken Bay, had been capsized in Watson's Bay, where they had proceeded for shelter when a squall set in about an hour after their leaving. One of the men (a Chinaman), who was the owner of the boat, it is stated, was drowned. The other personB were saved by some means which we have not yet been able satisfactorily to ascertain. One of the men, known as Charley, states that he saved his wife by swimming with her until they were rescued i by a boat which came to their assistance. On this man's arrival in Sydney he communicated the intelligence to a Sirs. Stokes, of Castle reagh-strest, who is a friend of the man who is stated to have been drowned. Some unplea sant rumours are afloat respecting the affair which we do not feel warranted in giving cur rency to. " The weather was very sultry and oppres sive yesterday forenoon, and gave premonitory indications of a thunderstorm. Towards evening the promise was realized—a heavy shower fell, accompanied by thunder, and, though not of lengthened duration, served in some degree to cool the atmosphere and give a fresher hue to the stunted and sapless herbage. "A meeting of persons favourable to the formation of a liue of railway from Maitland to Morpeth was recently held at West Ma.it land, and a petition to the Legislative Assembly, setting forth the reasons which rendered necessary the construction of such a work, was adopted. " In the course of the present month some stock of a superior breed passed through Armidale on their way to the station of Mr. Duff, on the Murray. They consisted of a bull, the winner of 12 prizes in England, pur chased by the present proprietor for £470; a second bull, purchased for £225; and a cow, which cost £52. " At the Araluen a claim was recently bot tomed, after 10 months' hard work, and the owner was repaid for his toil and perseverance by taking out 80 ounces at the first experiment with the washing-stuff, while there was every prospect that the whole of those claims would be similarly productive. Water was getting scarce at the diggings, however, and mining operations were delayed in consequence. " Another vessel has been lost at Bellambi, Ulawarra. The Excelsior, 276 tons, was leav ing the harbour for Sydney, with a cargo of coals, when she struck on the inner reef, owing, as the captain reports, to a sudden shift of wind, and she still lies there. She is insured in tha Topshain Club for £1,3C0. " The Mudgee newspaper says that a nugget weighing about 4S ozs. 2 dwts. of solid gold has just been turned up by a party of four at Maitlaud Bar, about 200 yards from Mr. Whale's public-house. Besides this beautiful specimen, this party have in their possession 100 ozs. of nuggelty gold. " Our Bald lliil correspondent informs us that the diggings are turning out well, and that a party got out at the Bald Hill a nugget weighing 15 ozs., besides several smnll nuggets. The reefers are also doing well, and are going back to their claims again. " Extensive bush-fires are reported to have token place in various parts of the country, doing in some instances considerable damage. In the district of Siugleton 1,500 acres of good pasture was reduced to ashes by the flames." White Giels Recoveeed trou the Blacks.—In reference to this matter, which has already been referred to in Sydney tele grams, we find the following facts front the Newcastle correspondent of the Sydney Morning | Herald:—"October 10.—These unfortunate j voung persons excited a strong interest here yesterday, and after the arrival of the Coquette became generally known a stream of visitors continued to call at the vessel during the day. It is but fair to say that permission was freely given to every one to go on board the schooner, as she lay at the wharf, and to see them; but, even front persons connected with the press, information with regard to their recovery was carefully withheld by the owners of the Co quette, who accompanied the expeditionary search for them, and whose answer to applica tions for information on the subject—that ' it was a Government business, and that infor mation could not be given'—by no means satis fied enquiry, and caused it to be very generally stated that it was a selfish reason which caused the particulars to be withheld. Thi3 suspicion derived strength from the fact that the others on board who could have furnished the information seemed to be restrained by the owner, whose object, it was roundly stated, was to assume all the credit to himself of the recovery of the poor girls, and to make his own despatch, which, it was said, he was preparing to forward last night to the Government, the first published version of the account. In the early part of the day it was added, on good authority, he had wished to keep their arrival a secret altogether. This unusual discourtesy to the press deserves notice, also, in order that its "object, if correctly estimated, should be defeated, and that those who shared the danger of the search should have that credit and reward which, there can be no doubt, the sympathy and justice of the public will freely accord them. The following particulars were subsequently ascertained from another source, on winch full reliance may be placed. The Coquette left Maryborough on the 24th of September, for Eraser's, or Great Sandy Island, in prosecution of the search for the white persons whom Captain Arnold had previously ascertained were detained there by the blacks, and who were supposed to bo the survivors of the crew and passeDgers of the Sea Belle. The Coquette arrived on Wed nesday, at Woody Island, and on Thursday proceeded round and to the northward of the Great Sandy Point, about 20 miles beyond which the vessel was brought to an anchor, when a party of three, headed by Captain Arnold, landed, and were in formed by the blacks there that the white people were more to the southward, upon, which they returned on board, and, the vessel having been got under way, proceeded with about 15 of the blacks about six miles to the southward, where the same party again landed, and pro ceeded with six of the blacks across to the east coast of the island, and got information there that the women were at Indian Head, about 12 miles of. Sere the information seemed of so questionable a character that even the owner of the Coquette, who was one of the party, would have then given in, but Captain Arnold being confident in the matter, they went onward in the same direction with the blacks, and ulti mately, without food of any description, camped out for the night. lu the morning, learning from the blacks that the white people were still some miles farther on, on the Indian Head, they had to return to the vessel for pro visions. On reaching the vessel, much dis heartened at the result of their search, it again became a question whether the expedition should not be abandoned, the owner expressing himself quite satisfied that there were no white persons on the island, and that the information of the blacks—who repre sented that the women were detained by another tribe—was incorrect. Captain Arnold's opinion on the subject being still unchanged, the vessel returned to Woody Island, where they arrived on Sunday, the 2nd of October, and prepared for a final effort. Here several blacks again came on board, and amongst them one well known to Captain Arnold, who men tioned the name of 1 Monty,' by which one of those detained was known amongst the blacks. A black named ' Charley,' also, who has come down in the Coquette, stated to the interpreter that he had seen the girls. Early on the Mon day morning a parly started" again on the search, those engaged in it this time being Captain Arnold, Mr. Sawyer (the owner), Erank Guillard (a French seaman on board), and a Mr. Pretty, of Maryborough, who was employed by Mr. Sawyer for the purpose. The party struck again across tha island to the east coast, which they reached about 3 o'clock p.m., Indian Head being then about 38 miles to the northward of them. After having travelled about six miles along a heavy sandy beach they camped. Here a great number of blacks were about them, and further information was obtained that the white femaleB were on the sandy head. At daylight the-party again pushed, on, and during their progress one of the blacks recognised a track in the sand, which, he said, was three or four days old, and was that of one of the white females, whose large toe had been broken, and was, therefore, distinguishable from that of others. At sunset they arrived at the camp where the whites where, and, rushing on, they discovered the two who had been described to them standing with some blacks, who, on Beeing the party, instantly ran off. The blacks in this camp were at the time mostly women, there being but few of the men present. The girls were at the time nearly or quite naked. Taking the two poor persons in charge—they being all that bad been heard of—and carrying them occasionally, the party proceeded on their return to the vessel, and were pursued some time after by a party of blacks, who, they were informed by those with them, were following them with hostile intentions, and who, on a volley being fired at them, retreated. On the second night during their return the party camped in the the midst of be tween 100 and 200 blacks, against whom they had to keep a careful watch, reliev ing each other during the night. The following day they reached the vessel, after an absence of four days, during which the party suffered much hard sliip and anxiety, aud underwent no slight danger. Mr. Pretty left the Coquette the fol lowing day in his boat, and on Friday, the 7th instant, the vessel left the island. The appear ance of the unfortunate young persons, it remains to be said, corresponds with that description given of them by Captain Arnold, after his previous voyage, which induced the expedition. Both appear to have forgotten their own language, and their features have been disfigured by the blacks, in endeavouring, apparently, to make them resemble their own race. Thus, the bridges of their noses have 'been broken and flattened, and their mouths cut in some manner which gives an appearance resembling the aboriginals, to whom they have become so alike as to afford the impression at first that they are half-caste; their laces, also, have been discloured, but the colouring is now wearing oft". Their eyes are partially closed, after the manner of those who have been long exposed, unprotected, to the strong glare of the sun, and they seem also to have suffered from sunstroke, wliic'n effect, perhaps, only can account for a certain vacant peculiarity in their look and manner. It is supposed that they will leave here in the steamer for Sydney this morning, in charge of Mr. Sawyer. Their appearance cannot fail to excite the deepest interest, as well to the humane as the physiologist. The elder girl calls herself ' ITittu ' nnrl flirt v/irm<TAi* 4 Afnm 1 wlilrtTi is Kitty,' and the younger 4 Maria,' which is nearly all the English they can speak. The difficulty in finding them is accounted for by the blacks having removed them from place to place, according to the progress of the party in seach of them." The Umpire of the 19th says:—" An absurd rumour lias been in circu lation since the arrival of the children rescued from the blacks, to the effect that they are not the children of white parents. The Colonial Treasurer went to Balmain yesterday to see them, and we are informed there is no doubt hut that they are the offspring of Europeans. They have been much disfigured, and their features distorted by the blacks; they are in a very weak state, and extremely emaciated in appearance. The Government have appointed M-esrs. North, H. H. Browne, and Adeyne to enquire into the circumstances of their captivity, and-to report as soon as possible the result of their investigations into this most extraordinary case." The North Australian says that the tele graph cable to be laid across Moreton Bay has arrived in Brisbane, and that the laying of it was to be immediately proceeded with. Subjoined arc the latest Sydney telegrams in the Melbourne papers:— I " The Cabinet is constituted as announced. Foister, Black, Eager, Samuel], and Wise are not yet sworn in. The Solicitor- General is not yet named, but it 13 not improbable that Har grave will continue in the post, without a seat in the Cabinet. Some still name Windeyer as likely. Cotvper has announced that in all probability he now bids farewell wholly to public life. The Assembly has adjourned for a month. It is understood that it means then only to pass the Estimates and measures not capable of postponement, and then dissolve. 44 The whole of the "sugar, ex Mathilda, was offered, but onlv a small portion sold, at £34 2s.6d. " Two alligators, shot by McGregor, are each 11 feet long; a third, IS feet, is coming. 44 Dr. Lang's congregation have decided on an appeal and the payment of his costs by subscription. The Primary Judge has granted, after a hard contest, a suspension of injunction until the appeal is decided. 44 A deputation of the unemployed waited upon Mr. Flood, and he promised to com mence forthwith the road from Sydney to Long Bay, near Botany, for which money was voted last session." COitWEHCIAI,. The following are the Sydney market quota tions of October 21st:— Wheat and Floor.—The flour market has receded £i per ton, the mill quotations being for flue £20, and for second quality £21 per ton of 2,000 lbs. Wheat 8s to 89.61. per bushel. Bran 19.6d. per bushel. Wool.—About 103 bales of the new clip was cata logued to- sale, and met ready purchasers. A parcel of washed fleece wool, the property of the Twofold Bay Pastoral Comp my, realized 2s. per lb.; and 7 bales in the grease, from the same station, but shurn from choice ewes, realized the ldqh figure of Is. 3d. per lb. This, however, must sot bo considered the market value of greasy wool, the superior condition and lightness of the parcel above commanding the great competition for it. A few lots of conutry ekin wool, in fair condition, realized 20d. to 20jd. per lb. 