THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 1859. THC Council sat from twenty-live minutes post four until half-past six yesterday, and then adjourned until this afternoon. Mr.BAYLEY intimated that ho had been called upon by the Governor to take his place in tho Executive Council, and that all that remained to be donc vas for him to be sworn in, and this it was intended should take place at thc meeting of thc Council on Monday next. Mr. WANT and Mr. JOHNSON postponed questions of which they had given notice, until the Attorney-General shall actually have become a responsible Minister, by being sworn in and taking his place at tho Executive Board ; and the former honorable member moved an adjournment of thc House, which proposal, however, after some discussion, ho withdrew, and tho business on thc paper was proceeded with. Mr. JOHNSON obtained the permission of the Blouse to bring in a bill to amend the Act (16 Viet., No. 24) for tho granting of letters of registration for inven- tions nnd improvements in thc arts 01 manufactures, i Tile adjourned debate on Mr. Deas Thomson's motion in reference to telegraphic communication with Europe was concluded-thc only speakers being thc ATTonxEY- Gr.NKn.u., and Mr. DEAS THOMSON' in reply. The motion was agreed to without division. The consideration of thc Law of Libel Amendment Bill, in Committee of the whole, is fixed for this day. Titi: Legislative Assembly met yesterday at - the usual hour. In answer to questions from Mr. PIDDINGTON, thc SixitnxAiiY ron. LANDS AND PUULIC WOUKS stated that stops had been taken by tho Government for re- moving obstructions from tito mouth of Wallis' Creek, Maitland, "which had caused some lands in the locality to be flooded. In answer to questions from Mr. PIDDINGTON, the COLONIAL SKCKKTAKY stated it was not the intention of the Government during thc present session to pro- pose Estimates providing for the salaries of tho Secretary- of Public Works and thc Secretaiy of Trade and Customs. The other Government business on the paper being postponed, on the motion of the COLONIAL SEcnr.TAitY the House wont into Committee of Supply. The Estimates for railways and public roads were passed almost without alteration, and some other items in thc Secretary of Lands and Public Works depart- ment. .. Ike House adjourned at quarter to twelve o'clock. ..-EiiKATUM.-înTcply to Mr. FORSTER'S question, n-egardirigcther.SydneyTmd'.-P^ -thc -jvl.il rnirnt in lin \muuum-y jftthfrlrt31t«mlbIyJ'rTrro^od ings in yesterday's\Zre*-a7</ was incomct.'"it-should have been :-The SKCIIKTAKY von LANDS AND PUBLIC WOUKS stated that thc whole of thc earthwork had not been included in the statement, and had not been taken into account. Mn. COWPER, has actuel with prudence in with- drawing thc indemnity clauses from the District Courts Act Amendment Bill, and in postponing Administrative changes till another session bf Parliament. On both these questions he would probably have lound a majority of the House against him. If it be true that there has been no violation of the law, and that the indemnity clause is mere verbiage, no damage of any kind cnn accrue from its withdrawmcnt. If, however, indemnity is required it can be obtained in a constitutional form. Mr. COWPER lately vin- dicated this clause by an appeal to thc supposed conduct of Mr. PLUNKETT, who, it appears, . supported a measure for removing some doubts as to thc intention of the. law. No cases, howevor, could be more thoroughly distinct. If from inadvertence a law Í3 violated, and the officers of Government become exposed to prosecution, it may be quite right that they should be protected from vexatious actions when no real damage has been suffered, but surely this has no analogy to a deliberate violntion of the law. counselled by the law officers of thc Crown and demanded by no overruling public necess ity. No Minister can be justified in pledging beforehand the support of the House to in- demnity for a deliberate infraction of the law. We hope this case will bo a sufficient warn- ing, and that thc Legislature will always insist when a violation of thc law require indemnity-that the indemnity shall stand by itself,, áiíd stand as a caution and a warning to all who may be disposed to calculate upon in- demnities hereafter. Nothing- can justify a violation of the law, but some emergency which, the law, could never foresee and for which it could never provide. Wc arc glad to find that the question of ad- ministrative changes is also to be postponed to next session. There is an incurable sus- picion in reference to the vote by which' it was carried. If this were not so, the arrangements . proposed are highly ques- tionable. It' m^y be necessary that there should bc a better division of labour, and perhaps an additional Minister, but wc have heard no one speak of the appointment of Minister of Cus- toms, except in terms of surprise and deri- sion. Tlie most dangerous part of thc Ministerial plan was that which related to the law officers of the Crown. Objectionable as is thc present system, it is better to retain it sometime longer than to hasten a change which will perpetuate all thc. existing evils, and weaken the sense of Mi- nisterial responsibility'.. The scheme of having the law department under the charge of political officers, and at thc same time releasing them from every kind of responsibility, is a project as I absurd as it is novel. What wc really need is thc suppression of thc office of Solicitor-Gencral I and the appointment of a functionary who might act as Grand Jury * and Crown Prosecutor, and be independent of political influence and change. Tic should bq well paid, and removable only as ave thc Judges. Having secured the adminis- tration of justice from suspicion pf a political bias, thc other clxief law officer of the Crown might'bp a member of the Executive Council, responsible for his opinions, and liable to go", out with his p'afty. At present, wc have five or six prosecutors, with concurrent jurisdiction, so that any one of them can,put. a man upon his trial. How this anomaly has come to exist, of course we are un- able even to guess, but offending, mortals will have to run thc gauntlet of sis or 66ven vigorous j prosecutors, whose stroke will sometimes doubt- less fall wide of thc mark and smite the inno- cent rather than thc guilty. Thc eulogy pronounced by Mr. COWPER on thc late Attorney-General provoked a discussion which can scarcely terminate where it is. When he stated that Mr. LUTWYCHE was entitled to office for " eminent public services," perhaps he only intended to excite" a laugh - tho usual reward of ministerial explana- tions-a reward as liberally given by the occupants of thc Government benches as by those of thc Opposition. Thc boldness with which Mr. CowrKit sets notorious facts at de- fiance seems to act upon thc risible tendencies of our public men, and exalts our local politics into a broad farce. When Mr. COWPER, was sent for by the GOYEHXOR to form a Ministry, Mr. LUTWYCHE had prudently resisted the temptations to enter upon political life. He had avowed himself the advocate of opinions thc very reverse of those espoused by Mr. COWPER, and when Mr. COWPER sought an Attorney-General outside the Bar, Mr. LUTWYCHE was one of the most forward in protesting against thc violation of thc rights of thc long robe. When, however, Mr. COWPER had in vain attempted to induce any man of thc slightest reputation to associate himself with his Government, Mr. LUTWYCHE entered thc Upper House-(thc constitution of which he had declared before precluded him from occupying a sent) and took upon himself a partnership with the very gentleman whose nomination he had resisted. Thc conduct of Mr. LUTWYCHE a.« thc leader of his party in thc Legislative Council was a disgrace to public life. His demcanoui was offensive-his management fraught witl ridiculous blunders, his attacks upon the privi- leges of the Legislature such as to draw ttpoi: him thc severest censure ever pronounced by tin House-a censure so just that his colleague! were obliged to sustain it and compel him t< apologise to the very body which he hat threatened and insulted. His last official act wa; thc adoption of a mode of prosecution whicli deprived a* calumniated member of the Legisla tivc Council of any chance of vindication, am delivered him over to the hands o his slanderer. Such were the " eminent public services" of Mr. LUTWYCHE. He initiated no measure-lie announced no principles of Government-he was continually defeated in thc Chamber he professed to lend his departure from if, was considered a relief, and there is no man in thc Council but looks upon the whole circumstances of his appoint- ment and public conduct as one of the deepest stains upon responsible government. There were subjects of a far moro serious character referred to by the speakers who took part in thc debate. Wc shall not assume that these imputations were true, but wc do say j that they reflect the deepest disgrace upon a Government which could consider them matters of indifference. If these state- ments arc false, let them be rebutted. If they are true, what are wc to say of Mr. Cowrisn, who knew perfectly well that rumours of thc most serious nature were in general circu- lation : but yet who, for thc sake of rewarding or getting rid of an adherent, cast upon a new colony the task of facing imputations which, whether true or false, must deeply damage an infant society ? . .....-' ===== A LITT.TVE móitHhTm^-ycar ago, the sjTñpathy-^ of the colonists was called forth in behalf of many small agriculturists whose property had been terribly damaged, and, in many cases, totally annihilated by thc destructive floods which then occurred on thc margins of thc Hawkesbury and thc Hunter. A calamity, al- most equally destructive, though of a different nature, has overtaken many of thc small agricul- turists in a neighbouring colony. Thc journals from South Australia contain distressing ac- counts of thc ravages committed by bush-fires'; fires which, for fierceness and extent, have sur- passed anything known in thc occupied dis- tricts since thc settlement of the colony. It is on the southern coast, in the neighbourhood of Port Elliott. In the high scrubby ground that shelters this district on thc north, small isolated fires had been observed-and too fatally neglected ; till a hot north wind, fanning and widening the flames till they joined, made a long line of fire seven miles in length, which, driven by the increasing fury of thc wind, came roaring and crackling down thc ranges, and ad- vanced at a rapid pa^e^owards the fertile and cultivated plain below. TThe terrified inhabitants had barely time to escape to spots, of shelter, before their farms and homesteads were reduced to ruin. In a few hours a scene of blackened devastation-thc embers still burning-was all that met tho eye. A ridge of ashes interspersed with a few charred posts, showed thc dejected settler where the! boundaries of his eighty-acre section had been. Vineyards and orchards were scorched into ruin. The gar- nered wheat, thc produce of thc recent harvest, and in some instances of the previous one too, was a heap of clinker, and the little homestead, with all its household gods, vanished ! Not one family, but many families, looked out upon this scene of utter desolation-the toil of years, all frustrated in a morning. Settlers, who thc day before had been substantial well-to-do yeomen, found themselves and those.dependent on them suddenly deprived of everything they possessed in thc world. Neighbours in misfortune, they could not much help each other, but on tidings of the misfortune reaching Adelaide a public meeting was immediately called, and steps taken to collect subscriptions, and relieve the absolute wants of thc sufferers. Notwith- standing the dulness of trade, and the depressed commercial prosperity of the colony, there was a commendable alacrity in rendering help. A proposal to call on the Government to come forward and meet the emergency was almost unanimously rejected, as being a resource only to be adopted in case o'f thc utter failure of pri- vate benevolence. There is a sturdy self reliance in such a determination, which speaks well for the character and spirit of the colonists, and can hardly fail to elicit admiration and sympathy. The Government has lent tents and other appliances out of tiie public stores, but has been called upon as yet for no direct bounty. At our latest dates, about two thousand pounds had been collected in aid of thc sufferers. No direct appeal has been made to the other colonies for help, but a suggestion ivas made in the Argus that a con- tribution would come gracefully from Victoria a suggestion that would have probably borne better fruit had not fires in Melbourne, by which miiny poor families were rendered houseless, claimed a more immediate sympathy. We men- tion thc facts to give any of our Iscadors, who may be disposed to avail themselves of it, an opportunity of helping industrious settlers who have : been suddenly overwhelmed by calnmity. Wc have charitably sent away large subscriptions for/Ireland suffering fröret famine, for Prance, suffering from inundations ; for the families of Crimean heroes, and for Anglo Indians ruined by the mutiny. Charity logins at home, though 5; should not end .there ; And J ny one of thc Australian group of colonies when m distress has some claim on thc rest which can hardly ho ignored. TUE noxt homeward mail steamer is advertised to take her departure on the fourteenth instant. The time tables transmitted officially from Eng- land and published in our parliamentary papers, specifics thc fifteenth of each month as the day of sailing from Port Jackson. It is natural to presume, therefore, that that was thc date, agreed upon between thc directors of thc company and the British Government when thc contract was made. Last month the Salsotte went away on thc twelfth day of thc month, but as the Emeu had arrived with admirable punctuality, the out- ward mails had been delivered, and ample time given for preparing correspondence, so that the anticipation of thc throe days in thc de- parture of thc Salsctto, occasioned no incon- venience. But this time it is just possible that any variation from tho fixed time table may bc of importance. Thc Emeu is to sail on thc 11th instant. . This falls on a Monday, and the Post Office, though nominally open on that day, closes at thc very carly hour of five in thc morning. Practically, therefore, .all corre- spondence must bc completed by the Saturdaj evening, thc 12th instant, and must bc written in ignorance of the contents of advices on thc road. The Columbian, which was due herc yesterday, is as usual, and by way of maintain- ing thc reputation of the Company to which sh< belongs, behind her time. Up to thc time ol receiving our telegram from Melbourne lasi night, she hátl not arrived in Port Phillip. Shi cannot, therefore, well bc here and deliver he; mail before Saturday night or Sunday. But ai she is due and may be expected every moment it is possible that she may be in Port Jncksoi by Monday. In which case, if thc Emeu dit not sail till her proper date, there would bi time for at least a hasty perusal of Englisl advices, before putting thc last touc! to thc colonial correspondence. The tclegrapl will inform us as to whether the Columbia) makes lier appearance in llobson's Bay to-day or to-morrow, and if she should do so, we presume thc authorities at this port will not allow the mail steamer to bc started away before her time. We have no right to demand that thc vessel should bc detained beyond her proper date-especially to make up for the short- comings of predecessors, for which the present contractors arc in no way responsible ; and also seeing that thc rapidity of the passage as demanded by the terms of thc new contract makes every hour precious. But we have a right to demand that homeward bound steamers should not leave before their time, particularly if by so doing they deprive the mercantile com- munity of tho chance of replying promptly to their correspondence. It is of the more impor- tance to secure this advantage this month-if indeed it can bc secured-because next month I we arc sure to lose it. Thc Onicda went away so hopelessly behind time, that if she prosecutes her voyage thc whole way to Suez, she cannot ^possibly reappear in Port Jackson by the four- teenth of April. 