SOUTfl AUSTRALIA. We har« reeved Adelaide papers to the 2nd instant. The Observer of that date contains an artiolt on the slocks of flour'ana wheat in the colony. The following are wine of the calculations therein given. Estimating the number of acres under wheat Id the municipal district« at, £1,46,003, and. the yield per acre at 114-sth bushela, the aggregate yield in,bushel» la set down u 1,662,757. Taking Into calculation tbe land not Included In District Councils, the total yield of the last wheat harvest Is estimated at 2,065,477 bushels, or at 47. bushela to. the ton, 48.9i.ci ton« or floor. Of this quantity ii I* estimated, tost oeQ.ooobusbeU wheat or 20,4251 ton« flour- wti, bo consumed by the population of the colony, exclusive o£27Q,000 butbela (equal to 67441 ton») required for sawing, Deducting these two amount»., the total quantity; of flour available for exportation (Or ita equivalent in wheat) would be 17,776 tow, or, adding I0()0 ton», aiauwed to be on hand. 18,77.8 tons. " But," says the Ooierwr, v exportation has already reduced our stocks con- siderably belo* that amount. Between the 1st of January lut «id the loth March, there wat exported from Port Adelaide iS4,C$ßhu»hel» of wheat (equal to 8291 tons of flour) and 4937 tona of flour, making together 8228 tons. The exports from the Southern Port« are «aid to have been very largo ; some say from UM to WOO tons ; but in the absence of oiliolal returns w« act thom down at the same rate u the first quarter of lut year, or 843 tons. Wo have thus 9071 tons to deduct from the exportable surplus of lut horvoat on aocount of product already exported, leaving «jos tons still available for exporta-, lion. The Port Elliot correspondent of the Otoerver, ta introducing a report of a regatta at Goolwa, gives some Idea, of the effcols of »he lato bushfire«. The Goolwa regatta tooji place on Fri- day, u arranged; but the subjcot farmed no theme for onthu .lutlo laudation. This might have buen anticipated perhaps to tome extent. A variety oí caus« In operation here would at present naturally contribute, tóibjaresult, not the leut of which bad doubtless it« orijri&'Tn, the tad deprostion which hangs gloomily wer ev^ry'Iptweit In this quarter -, for it mutt be re- membered there it no, class hero who hu not been affected dthwpjjtflftely^- . "" "'" " . ¡February last The attendance wu not so numerous u on i former occasion«, no doubt traoeable to the same cause, npr. could there be detected tho tam« buoyancy of public, sprat.,u I would bave been elicited doubtless under a more imiuuijte ,and Ïirosperoui condition of affairs In tbla district. It Is oortaln tbe errible calamlttos arising out of the ravagea, of the late fires 1 had been followed by a most subduing t>qdtaoy ; every branch of business hu been paralysed., and .'nearly total stagnation pervades every department of commerce, and to abiding, It ia feared, wUl be Its «ÄottTtftai years of proiperity ihukt elapse before we shall h^t<i«jreturn of our former elutlclfy. The following remarka on the weather and the prospect« of winegrowers are Irani tho correspondent of the same JourM) ; «it 'Tanunda ¡-March hu passed by without fulfilling tha hope» and longings of o'er farmers und gardeners for rain, whichlanow |ao nuob required by all. There were teven! praMtUg dar« ' lut week but a few drops-scarcely nlhwlflg thji duet-was all they bestowed opon ut. We lmweÄtru«t that April will prove more liberal, and compensate us far the deflolenoy left by bl« predecessor. . Many ojt o4r «mall vlhegrower« ara selling thefr (rapes to their larger and mOrV experienced fellow-vin- tager«, In order/tog« ready cash, ahd also to »void th« perils ot spolUrig the jtaibe by mltmanegement. This seems to be- » step tin theHÄl dlreotiou, and If followed up Is likely to «Avancé «negtowttig mora than might appear at first sight. The ready money 40 obtained will enable, «mall proprietor« to enlarge their vineyard» at one*, and the buyer« of grape* will more than dduble or triple the capital Inveetyd, ; tue prise given roi grapes I« from lot. to 15i. per hundredweight, end some I am told, are -.-.-'- -." --?*- ?""?ereilM been «on» talk about forming a K «\t TanunO ¡ but the project I« not likely . ,,,. ",., ^Json. ' Should no enterprising capitalists «tep In and think It worth their while embarking in this highly bf Capon. ' Should no enterprùlng capitalists \- . . . ,» tit worth their while embarküig in thia highly protttabto Mneu before next year'« harveat, an effort will f*í~tíT,_bl,a*1Í.by P°ï ^tfrower», and others taking ia lottrt« is m miter, to (ona nob . Company. ' TnE Mouth or the Mbbbat.-The treuarer hu favoured as with a very extraordinary doouraent, comurtlng of a report by Captain Blomfleld Douglas, of the new obstructions that ihlveblockedJUn the mouth of the Murray; and tat chart lihowi.'by meaWof red and blue lines, the former channel of navigation and the new channel now opened by the «ver-shirt ing sands. Would itrwere poislbla to tay that taenevr channel ¡is better than the old. one, but unhappily-, tie reverse is the lease The.«tatemeht may lurprise'some of our reader«, but It ,isneverthele«s quite true, that the old ..Murray Mouth has no longer any existence ; it it cloeed up beyond our power of 'opening. More theil a million tout of land have been thrown 'upon and In the immediate vicinity of the bar, which may now be crossed dryshod where a depth of water formerly existed sufficient to float steamers at low tide. Barker*» Knoll-a oon «picuous eandhUl, from the lofty elevation of which a year ago tué surrounding country might be advantageously surveyed-It now almost gone. Cadell'« Passage on the riverside of the bar, and where the soundings of 1867 gave a depth of water varying from ten to twenty-three feet,-the greater number of the sounding« giving seventeen and eighteen-is now dry sand I across it« whole extent, the «pit of «and known u Point Pullen having run out ocrosa It, and beyond its farthermost bank, i Nation's Bank is partly .washed away, and where in 1857 only I sand existed, water reaching to a depth of thirty-three feet may ¡now be seen. Unfortunately, however, the new channel, the new bar, and the new mouth, are fatal to navigation on the scale formerly attempted. Where the old bar gave ten feet of water at its minimum depth, the newly formed bar only gives five feet, with a maximum of six feet, the sea breaking heavily on this point and the encroachments of the shifting «and gain- ing upon it every day. Formerly the stream, through Holmes Channel along Cadell'« Fusage, and over the bar, flowed along in nearly a straight line Into the ocean, the tendency being to keep the mouth scoured ; but now the stoppage or the mid channel by Point pullen causes a deviation in the flow of water from Holmes'« Channel to the sea, which facilitates the blacking up of the passages, and causes numerous and ever-changing de Çosltsofsandby means of the several backwashes and eddies, he prevalence during the lut season of southerly winds has doubtless had much to do with the unfortunate event for which there seemB to us to be no remedy, except that of waiting for Nature to undo what Nature hu done. Stimulated, we pre- sume, by these disasters, the people of Milang are preparing to re-open the question of entering the Murray by Mr. Goyder'« method of cutting through the bar in Holmes' Channel, and the advocates of the direct Murray railway will doubtless be again in the field. Se transit gloria. Thus vanishes, ot least for a long while, the hope of making the Murray Mouth the ¡ gate of entrance to that noble river for the »hips of ¡all, nations. 3\. A. Advertiser. The Scottish Reformation Society presented a memo- rial to Lord Malmesbury praying that the Govern- ment would exert its influence m behalf of the restora- tion of the young Mortara. To this appeal 'Lord Malmesbury has replied through Mr. Hammond. Ho has been 'requested by Lord Malmesbury to say that' bli lordship " apprehends that the interference of the Pro» testant Government of Great Britain would tie entirely unavailing after the, .earnest efforts of Catholic States have failed." "1 bave farther,to state) to you," says Mr. Hammond, "that his lordship does not share ia the apprehension of the memorialists that children of British subjeots mar also'be bo .treated. If such an outrage took place, it could,not be perpetrated with im- punity."-StamfordMercury, Dec. IO. 