INGLEWOOD DIGGINGS, NEAR KINGOWER. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) The intense anxiety and feverish excitement consequent upon every new rush, especially when its fame has been trumpeted abroad in no sparing measure, has prompted me to supply your country readers, and those whom it may concern, with a brief and hastily-prepared account of the above diggings, which may, perhaps, be better known as " Hall's," being contiguous to Parson Hall's station. Of the name, I can only say that the sponsors have found a somewhat euphonious title for--- at present, at any rate--- an exceed- ingly ugly and disagreeable place. As to loca- tion, Inglewood is situated some 29 miles north of Dunolly, and seven miles north-east of Kin- gower. A difference of opinion exists as to the nearest route from Dunolly--- some asserting that by way of Sandy Creek to be the shortest by three miles, while others state that the road via Moliagul, M'Intyre's, and Kingower considerably shortens the distance. Were it possible to tread the scrub in a direct line, I have no doubt that Sandy Creek would merit the preference ; but as the case now stands, with an impene- trable labyrinth completely stopping the way, my own opinion is that to the site of the present so- called " township," the latter, by Moliagul, &c.;, is the nearest route, while to the camping-ground on the Loddon that by way of Sandy Creek and Catto's station has the advantage. This camping-ground will probably form the site of the permanent township, should the diggings progress so as to render its establish- ment necessary. On the spot now chosen for the erection of stores, 6d. per bucket is charged for water, which has to be carried a distance of some six miles, and obtained from a series of water-holes near the Loddon. The reason for selecting this camping-place seems to have been that the prospectors, from whose labours the present rush has sprung, were enjoying the privilege of a water-hole in the neighbourhood, which, of course, has long since been used up. The first diggings opened were some two miles to the north-west of this, and still further from the river; but there are now a number of gullies in which gold has been found stretching away to within two miles of its banks, and as it is currently rumoured that the water carriers are about to raise the price to 1s. per bucket, there is every reason to believe that the majority of those who make a lengthened stay will remove to where they can enjoy freely the liquid element, choosing rather to walk four or five miles to work than exist in a sort of half- rousted state, surrounded by bush-fires, which threaten to consume tents and everything thereto belonging. In anticipation of this result, I understand Mr. Warden--- has refused to recognise the present site--- a course of conduct very much to his credit. The total population is somewhat over 1,000, so that the printed reports have modestly only quadrupled the actual number located. A great number of gullies have been opened up for many miles round, in all of which gold has been found, more or less. These are situated in the heart of the scrub--- which, by the way, is composed of small peppermint saplings, some eight feet high, interlaced with a complete net- work of brushwood, rendering it very difficult for locomotion, even on foot. Several bodies have been found, supposed to have been famished to death ; and it is to be feared that not a few will lose their lives in the fires which are raging with frightful violence in every direction. There is really no estimating where these fires will end, they threaten destruc- tion to everything ; and diggers may be seen frequently flying out of the scrub for dear life, persued by the devouring element. Of course, all sorts of names have been found for the gullies, one of which only I will mention, as it is to me rather novel, viz., " Psalm- singer's Gully." The origin of this title, of course, I cannot pretend to fathom, but I fear there are not many places on a new rush which could be appropriately called by such a name. This is somewhat of a digression ; but to return to my task. The prospectors have about 100 loads of stuff stacked for washing, which they expect, from prospects they have tried, to yield some ¼oz. per tub. The leads are mostly narrow, being--- so far as can be ascertained in the absence of water to try them fairly--- from 3 to 5 foot wide. The sinking is from 1 to 14 feet in depth, the latter only pre- vailing in one gully, the average being not more than 4 or 5. In some few cases as much as 4oz. have been washed to the load, and in others 5dwt. from the bottom of a hole ; but the general yield is from 5dwt. to 1oz. per load. Cost of carting, 15s. A nugget weighing 3oz. 4dwt. was found on Thursday last in 14-inch sinking, and although there are rumours of 8oz. pieces, this is the largest authenticated. A considerable quantity of gold has been taken to Dunolly, causing great excitement amongst the miners. Some quartz specimens have been found on the surface ; and, from the appearance and situation of the country, the rich belt of reefs running through Sandy Creek may be found at no great distance from these diggings. From what has been stated it will at once be seen that, with plenty of the liquid element, the sinking being so shallow and the alluvial deposits so general, this would prove an excellent " poor man's diggings ;" but until that time, and from the unfavourable nature of the ground it is im- possible to conjecture when it will arrive, a large population cannot be permanently settled. The only way to accomplish so desirable an object would be by throwing dams across those gullies which have already been worked--- and this might easily be done by a little combination whereby storm-water could be saved, and a thorough preparation made to establish at Ingle- wood good winter diggings, which at present quite as many are leaving as are arriving. I have thus given what I believe to be a faithful, although imperfect, account of the new Eldorado, the printed accounts of which have been but too much exaggerated ; and at any rate, until the rain descends and the floods fall, it behoves those who are tempted by the golden bait to consider whether it is not " better to bear the ills they have than fly to others they know not of ?" P.S.--- I forgot to say that a road has been cut through the scrub, from the " township " to the Loddon, a distance of some eight miles. The stumps are left, however, about four foot above ground, rendering it an exceedingly dangerous passage for both man and horse. THE WEATHER AT GEELONG. --- A correspon- dent, on whose accuracy we can rely, sends the following :--- "As the heat of Sunday is a matter of conversation by nearly every one, and as it is generally over-estimated, I send you the correct temperture. My thermometers are correct to the Kew standard :--- Maximum in shade, 102 deg. 3 min.; do. in sun, 110 deg. 2 min. ; do. wet bulb, 67 deg. 5 min. The thermometer stood over 100 till 6 o'clock p.m. Minimum during the night, 60 deg. 4 min. ; mean of barometer during day, 29. 730.--- SOL." A correspondent, who has evidently been dividing his attention during the recent hot winds between meteorology and shandygaff, furnishes the following :--- It is worthy of remark that, although The Argus men- tions that the temperature in Melbourne the day before yesterday was 128 deg., it never at any time during the same day ranged higher in Gee- long than 124 deg. 32 min. We are given to understand that in the ' shades' at the Black Bull Hotel, the mercury was never higher during the extreme heat of the day than 70 deg. 14 min."--- Advertiser. THIS GEELONG BAR.--- The Advertiser of Tuesday has the following remarks on the recent interchange of opinions between the Government and a deputation from the Citizens' Committee, with respect to the Geelong Bar. :--- " Once more the Bar Committee will have the old ground to go over. Having convinced two previous Minis- tries that the cheapest and best mode of cutting a channel through the Geelong Bar would be by letting it out to contractors in precisely the same way that all other public works are let, the Com- mittee has before it the task of convincing the present Ministry of the same simple fact., Three months more pottering and experimenting, three months more red tape, three months more preliminary inquiries about a work decided to be done by the then Government of the colony a dozen years ago ! Well, we suppose we must just wait and watch the process of Ministerial enlightenment, in the fervent hope that before the three months are up there may not be still another Chief Secretary and Minister of Works to convince. We give Mr. Francis credit for being a man of too much sense to place much reliance upon his own arguments for delay. If, said the Minister of Works, the job was let to contractors and the dredges were to break down, they would come upon the Government for dumages ! Mr. Francis cannot surely be oblivious to the easy escape from all liability of this kind by letting the contractors have the use of the dredges as they stand with all their merits and demerits and under a covenant to return them on completion of the contract in the like order and condition. Mr. Nicholson thinks money may be saved by repudiating the acts and promises of previous Governments. We strongly doubt it, and even if possible the attempt is one that had better not be made. The colony has paid dearly for every pound ' saved ' by Government out of its liability in respect of the Geelong Water- works and the Geelong and Melbourne Railway ; any further attempt in that line seems exceed- ingly undesirable. I cannot admit that this Government is bound by the promises of former Governments. So says the Chief Secretary. Let the words be emblazoned on the shield of the colony ; let them be graven on the great seal ; let them float in the breeze from the mast-head of the Victoria ; let them be inscribed upon our railway debentures." 