MELBOURNE. [Filos! OVll COllKESrONDRNT.J THURSDAY AITBHNOON, 8TH NOVUMBHII.-Hie rost nmstei-Geneiiil and the Collector ot Customs are not to be allowed to walk over, Mr. Jfeivton ia opposed ot South li.iuike by ¡Mr. Graham Beny, an Elstern Market oiuteii.itnil a protectinr.Ht- in favour of p»y muiteil hil member-, excepting only himself, and of the occni-ional coertion of Parliament by tho moral suasion of a display of " tho people" in Parliament Yind. 1 hi' neimitinti.tn caine off yesterday, when the- other enlightened member for South. Bouike, Dr.-L. L. Smith, was pteient and distinauished him- self, after his m-'.nner, to the scandal of the position he occupies. Mr. Baillie is to be opposed by Mr. Gilles, at Ballam at, and as his constituents allege tint he has not borne hi« honours meekly, a severe contest is predicted. No further insight into the Ministerial no policy bas bom acuoided to the publie. Authentic intelligence haa been at length received fiom the exploration patty. The îutnours as to dis- sensions prevailinp in the camp have been confirmed. Mr. Landells ai.d Dr. Beckler have seceded, and by tin ir si cession the exploring party has gained, strength, lhere appears never to have been nnuhing like a gtiotl understanding between Mr. Landells and Mr. Burke. When the party arrived at the Darliog the former wanted to be allowed to return. Hitherto the camels had had nothing to do. No* that they were to he brought into service, the gentleman especially appointed to look after them resigns. Mr. Burkc's account of the affair, which is corroborated in every reipcct by the documents accompanying it, is as fol- io-» s, and bears date the 16th ultimo : - Ihavoir-c htntiui to ripon that on the 9thirslant Mr. Lmdolls tindired his ritiKnail.jn to me, under the follawing drouin-, B'ance« : I told bim that I did not think it dcirable to take on rum for tLe eunula. He mid lhat in thai c*«o ho w..uld not bo mpoTjidblc for ih.m. I icilled that ho wa» rci-pu .i-iralo to m, sid must act under my Inatrnoii bit rcignuiion. Upon the fo liming day I read a letter to him reporiiig his leeignation to you, upon which, anl wiihnnt any solicitation upon my pirt, he withdrew it 1 afterwords beaid that he bud bien tampering with too men. I furn aid a statement fiom Mr. Hodgkinson of what Wok ptioe Iel nein bim and Mr. Landells Mr. i> ills alto marlo a statement tu me, which 1 now forwaid. Iomltud to stale that Mr Lau- de»», upon Ihe »lb instant, rcqur-i-t-d me-, In tbo prc«once of Mr. Wihs, to allow biro to return to Melbou'no upin ihe footing mat tbcio had been un un'erstandirg b.tween us that he wa only to aicompany mo lo the Darling ; but Idt-clinsd io do so, and I told I ¡in that I considered he htm ben guilty of tho inoat ilM^racefuI not that a man could commit in tendering his rctignailjn ; and I Mill hold to thai opinion. 1 navr only lime funber to add that the expedition has arrived at Met ladle. I Iefillte camels in the «ot of crowing the river at KiiiCbiki, ut.out threo milla frem here. Th.yhdit all cro.sed nfily bnt three. I ehail iom.iiu hore (Uppar Dalling, near Mirintu.) lor a f. w days, and tbe-n piocced on towards Oaoper's Crirk. In a second letter of the same date Mr Burke adds : Ihe portman having been delayed hero by the loss of lila horns, 1 have turc to mi«ke a further roport. The expedition li ii M'Fhr-rson'a on tho llth instant, having been delayed there five days by the losa of nine of the oameln, which have since been recovered. Olio camel wai' left behind al M'Clout.'B »tallon, having sprained its shoulder while en route from Scull's station to M'Pherson's under ihe charge of Mr. Lan- de)]-. The i cramming ït camelB oniâsed the river safely to-day, and I do not amicipate much difficulty in their future niauage mern. a he principal part of our itores have arrived; fiey wen hioight up by Captain JobD«tou'8 steamer-tbo .Moolgewanklo. It is my intuition to foi m a depot upon tho river soaie» here in ibu ni-.gltt-'Uiliocd, and to proceed on towarda Cooper's Cioek wtth n small party by a rout- «Moll will bo shown to me by Mr. Wrisl t, munager for Mr. Baker, and which I havu every reaion lo l:i lit ve, is quite practicab'ei bul I shall not iiour any risk, and I shall keep open the oommu'iioatloi» r i the Darling. I shall be obliged to hint thedomor in charge ol ltira depjt until the dm mlttn have decided with n ft renee to h'«, résignation ; and I would beg leuvo io euggest tina Dr. Smart, of Bendigo- * gen- tleman who has badconsiderable experience in exploring-would I beiltM-, nceept the postuf ductor to the expeui'.iou if it Were olfeicd to lim. Ittiie\eDr. Beckler to be an honest, well-intentioned man ; bul veij eai-ily seed upon, and very ui.fl,t for bis present poaltion. I «sa m hopes thal, by aitacbipg bim io the camels, he would bo able m gain some knowledge of their limits, uni botvtoitc.it tLcrjj ; but be has only been reble to discover that they cannot be managed without Mr. Landells; and I lb ink be is wrong. .Mr. Lanatls has, as jet, had no ditiiouliiis to conlea 1 wita; and al the Dist station where I proposed ti load tho cann h and toxin the real work, ho tendered his resignation. I believe that the expedition is far better wlihout bim, as his sol; oojtot wos gain ; anti ho told mo distinctly, tra at he understood that ihe Blores were to be seul up ti Ccapei's Creek bj eenveyance; and that the camel« were not to be ioadrd u nil lliey urii\\(ri tbirc; that bo had a separate agreoraont which re nri red Lim quite Indi pt nuent of me in the munagcnn*n t of tho camels. Ile committee will judge from the doc'nr's omi stitement whether hi had any just cauto for tendering bia re>i¡riiatlon, und I hope lhat Ihey will perceive ilia', it was absolutely Impovible, conitfenily with the goid discipline of the party, to continuo on with Mr Lsndclls. Wien Ï rt'8d the report of Mr. Landells' resignation to b'm to- day, in tho pretence of Mr. Willa ho again sugur-iled ibat wo should part without coming to an open breach, but I declined ia make any compromise, und I now leuvf tho manor in the hands of the-committee. I hare alnays received great oaoidoration fr. ni them. lam confident thal they will act ju-tly, and tarn qnho content to abide by their decision, whatever it maybe Ia the niniilimr, however, I .hill endeavour to And a uriotloanio r-ule to Coopci'aCreek. I shall nut allow the eices-'toaof tho doo'or or Mr. Lundi Ils lo retard the progress of the party a mon ent, and I still feel aa confident as ever in the success of the malu objtct ol Ibe ixperHtion. Mr. Buike is now watting the issue of this affair at Menindie, and will receive in a few days aU the in- formation in possession of the Royal Society with re- spect to Stuart's latest discoveries. From the Melbourne pipers to same date, per the City of Sydney, we quote as follows from the Argus : Mr. George Coppin, M.L.C., is to appear at the Pantheon Theatre, Melbourne, for six nights. The proceeds ol his performances are to be devoted to a fund for the establishment of an asylum for the deaf, dumb, and blind, and to the foundation of a Dramatic Collt-ge for the benefit of decayed act«rs. On the 7th instant, a notorious convict, commonly known by the name of Speeler Grant, who is under a sentence of seven years' penal servitude for burglary, made his escape from Pentridge. Mr Frederick Webster, the well-known comedian, died suddenly, at Lamplough, on Saturday, the 3rd instant. Messrs. Bright Brothers have issued a notice warning the public of the circulation of numerous forged cheques purporting to bear the signature of the Melbourne branch of their firm. The vi orks at Queenscliff in connexion with the batteries are being proceed with rapidly. The sea wull is now above the level of the bluff, and will shortly be finished, when the batteries and a new lighthouse will be commenced. It is expected that these works -»ill not be finished for a couple of years. On the night of Saturday, the 3rd instant, a har- monium, used in' Divine service, was stolen from the Independent Chapel, at tue corner of Fitzroy- street, Victoria-parade. The thieves entered the building by means of skeleton keys. On the night of the 2nd instant, the store of a Mr. GaHiel, at Mininer'» Creek, mar Maryborough, was set fire to, it is supposed by a mau disguised infernale apparel, who was seen walking away from the place. The fije was speedily extinguisod, and little injury was done. The Murray Gazette-a Wahgunyah journal, the first number of which appeared on Saturday, the 3rd instant, states that " the name of Rutherglen has been given officially to the new gold-field." The Murray River promises to be of great service to this field. The local papers state, that the first of the river steamers reached Rutherglen on the 1st instant, from Adelaide, with two barges in tow, having on board some 240 tons of flour and oats and four reaping machines. The rifle'rriateh on St. Andrew's Day, for the prizes offered by the Caledonian Society promises to be one of the most interesting features in connexion with tho " gathering." The anticipation at present is that the competitors will be numerous ; and the arrangements made by Colonel Pitt-under whose mpeimtendcnee the competition will take place-are of the most satisfactory character. As there is at prêtent only one range at Sandridge, the colonel proposes that three days shall bo devoted to the shooting-Tuesday, "Wednesday, and Thursday, the 27th, 28th, and 29th imitant- and that on the first of «yjar-se days the practice shall beat 200 yards, on .he 28th at 400 yards, and on the 29th at COO yards. The con-petitors will be arranged in parties of fifteen or twenty, at hours between G a.m. and 6 p.m., to suit fhiir convenience. Each party will occupv about an hour in shooting, and the "colonel has" set aside fifty rifles for the use of those who have not weapons of their own, or who prefer using the new arm. The prizes will be awarded to those who make the greatest number of points in fifteen rounds, fired at the three distances already named, five rounds at each. At the first distance the shooting will be from the shoulder, standing, without slings, at a target six feet by four icet, painted -white, with a blick ling two feet in diDintter, in the centre of which will be the bull's tv», eight inches in diameter. The value of each shot will be as follows :- Bull's eye, threo points ; within the ring, two points : outside, one point; and those of the competitors who do not score four points at the short range -will be disqualified from shooting farther m the match At 400 yards, the target will be siv. feet by tight feet, and the shooting will be from the «houlder, standing or kneeling, as the shooter may prcler ; the black centre will be two feet in diameter ; 'rta the value of the shots will be :-Centre, two point!; outside centre, one point; and those who fail to hit; the target will be disqualified, as well as those -who at 200 und 400 yards do not score in all teven points. At 000 yards the practice will be the cnT6 8S Bt 400, and ties 'wi!l rePei't tbo practice at 600 yards by firing five rounds to decide their relative Several gentlemen interested in the seht mu set un foot some time »go by M. Emile Coulon, for the in- troduction and permanent establishment of a new opera company from Eui ope into Victori i, met on tho Cth instant. Mr. Pinnock was culled to the chair. Afttr considerable discussion, a resolution was ctr lied ior the appointment of three trustees for the money wHch it is contemplated shall be raised by subsuiption to carry out top projec". Tho-.e who subscribe will be called upon for payment as so in as the trustees are named ¡md the sums subscribed shill amount to £1000. Mr. Coulon calculates that it will be ned ssary to raise £1000 for the object ho has in view The subscriptions are not to be less than X10 10s. each member, for which the privilege of sixty tree tickets will be guaranteed, such ticket* to bo transferable. M. Coulon mtends leaving for Europe by ihe next mnil. After some c .nsiderahle delay, the Government has signified to the gentlemen proposing t* forma eorp^ of volunteer ciiiaineers, that the services of such a body would be accepted, subjec to such regulations as would be approved by the Commanding Royal Engineer. In conscauence of the soldiers of the 40th, who arrived in Melbourne by the Result, being suHicient in number, together with the- men of the regiment who were here awaiting their coming, to per orm garrison duty, the volunteers were on the 6tli in-tanr, relieved further from the necessity of mounting guard. Early in the day our citizen soldiers handed over to their comrades of the line the various posts which have been entrusted to their care during the pist five or six months, and which «tiablcd the authorities to set fr strong force ot her Majesty's troops for active service iu another colony. The thanks of the Governor have been convejed to the volunteers in a general order. On the Gth instant, in the Old Court, before his Honor Mr. Justice Molesworth, a veidict of £50 was found against two magistrates of Donnybrook, near Kilmore, for the false imprisonment, for the period of forty-five hours, of a man named Duncan Iliiiidtírson. The defendants were gentlemen of the name of Wilson, and the plaintiff was a small farmer in the .it-iehbourhood. Two soldiers of the 40th regiment, named Michael Grimes and Joseph Brown, have been commited for trial, for robbing a currier named Griffiths, on the night of the 3rd instant. A writer in the Mount Alexander Mail, who signs himself " J. G. Moon," and dales from String way's Hotel, near the Yandoit, gives his recent experiences of f-nakes as follow»:-'" Having read in the Aryui, and other Melbourne papers, accounts of the v.tst numbers of snnkcB at present being found all over the country, 1 wish to confirm, in some measure, these statements, by what I have myself met with these la^t few days. In a walk from Campbell's Cieek to Caris brook und back to this place, I have fallen in with no lets than nine of theee dangerous reptiles, sjme alive, and some but just killed. On the 5th instant, a man belonging to this hotel brought in one which mea- sured exactly five feet, and another man told me that in ploughing a small paddock close to the house he turned up live. Almost evrrybody you meet on the roads and bush will give you some account of snakes they have either seen or destroj ed.' I most certainly aaree with the A.gus that a reward should be offered for their destruction, as I believe them to be evidently on the increase ; and the way I account fur it is, that the land getting daily under more cultivation, and roads cutting through the bush in eveiy direction, prevents the large bush-fires which used formerly to rage through the country, and doubtless destroy thou- sands of these reptiles, which now escape. Surely, if a penny per head is had in England for the destruc- tion of a poor little cock-sparrow, half-a-crown might well be paid hei e for the head of one of these deadly creatures." The Age of Wednesday reports that the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria commenced its sittings the previous evening, at the Rev. Mr. Hetherineton's'Scots' Church, Collinä 6trcet. The Rev. James Ballantyne was elected moderator. Dr. Cairns, the retiring moderator, de- livered a very impressive Bermon on the occasion, as well as an address to the Assembly. The Rev. James Ballantyne thanked the Assemby for the honour con- ferred upon him. The ISendigo Advertiser gives an instance of a defect in our law which admits of a very simple remedy. A Chinese charged with offering spurious gold for sale was acquitted by the Police Magistrate at Eagle Hawk, on the ground'that the offence was not cog- nizable by law. It seems when a Chinaman offers his spurious article, if he is pretty well instructed in precautions, he is safe from punishment. To tender the spurious gold, and receive what the purchaser pleases to value it at, does not involve a falbe pretence. On the evenintr of the 6th instant, says the Agf, a ludicrous mishap, but for the lisk it entailed e f eeriouB results, occurred in Elizabeth-street. Three persons were spending the evening together, in the upper front room of Williams' Hotel, when, during conversation, one of them remarked, that he would " go and get a mouthful of ftesh air," and accordingly he tnrew open the window and stepped out upon what he considered was the balcony. As the flooring, however, was made of no stouter material than cunvis (which was no^e of the newest or strongest), he fell, of couise, bodily through it, and tumbled down to the pavement. The surprise of the passers by (or rather vndtr) at such a remarkable iippaiition was naturally very considerable, but we are sorry to add that the occurrence! was not entirely ridiculous, for the gentleman who committed tha unfortunate/auatprtj was found to have austtdned a severe shock through his fall. It is stated by the 6ame journal that the Volunteer Rifle Ranger, at Ballaarat, the '"crack corps of ihe service," which was to have handsome uniforms and peg-top trousers, and be commanded by a real miejor, is virtually defunct. Major Wallace has resigned his command, and Mr. Clissold has followed his example. The cause of the rupture appears to be that the corps has been made too aristocratic, and has not gained the synpathy of the people generally. " The Jitiidigo Advertiser of the- Gth, relates the fol- lowing miraculous escape :-Yesterday, Dr. Boyd had occasion to visit Epsom, ano whilst attending at a patient s house leff his horse and four-wheeled vehi- cle outside. His little son, not more than a year and n-half old, was playing near the vehicle, when the horse backed, and the wheels of the vehicle passed over b«.th the little fellow's thighs. There were seve- ral spectators of the accident, and Dr. Boyd himself was present. At first it wai- supposed that the result was fatal, but the little boy recovered from the shock, and was soon running about unhurt, nor have the slightest symptoms ofanjury sin«:e appeared. THE GREAT POTATO CASE.-The action Macgregor v. Downie, familiarly known as the " gr.jat potato case," was brought to a close on the 6th instant, nnd resulted in a veidict tor the plaintiff-dorniges £2r43 7s. 4d. The sum sued for was about £2700, beintr the Btated amount of loss incurred hy the plaintiff by reason of the defendant refusing to accept delivery of 3S0 tons of potatoes bought to his order. The terms of the contract (which fwas formed p.irtly ef letters between the parties, and partly by telegraphic mes- sages) were that one-third" of the quantity of potatoes were to be delivered at £9 10s. per ton, at three weeks; one-third at £10, at four weeks ; and one third at £11, at seven weeks. The quility of the potatoes was Baid to be under the maik, the wording of the contract bung that they were to be prime merchantable articles. DISCOVERY or HUMAN REMAINS, AT SANDRIDGE. -Ihe Age of Tuesday last says :-On Saturday evening, a quantity of human bones were discovered at Sandridge. It appeals that some paities were digging up the sandy soil at the rear of the premises, foimerly occupied by Mrs. Watson, as a restaurant, when they found the spade strike into what proved tobe a human skull. " Upon shovelling away the earth they lound other remains, viz. the vertebrrc and ribs, portion of the pelvis, and some of the bones of the- upper and lower extremities. They also dis- covered a slab of timber lying over a portion of the space under which the remains lay. In"the space not so covered by the wood some portions of the bones presented the appearunce of having been subjected to the action of fire. Under the covered space were found the skull and relics of the upper part of the body, together with a portion of a Tuscan straw bonnet, a portion of the breast of a ridintr habit or jacket, and relics of a small sized pair of ladies' boots. There was also found the handle ol' an axe or haichet (slightly charred), a bit of old tin, upon which some black hair was visible, and two pieces of ropo, which app?ar.-d to 3unerot*ed_ in one place, the sounder portions of it lemaining in a state of some presi-rvatian, and one part ef it being tied with a " sailor's knut." The relics of the dies» were also in a comparatively sound state : the silk threads in the working of the button- holes being glossy and seemingly strong. Upon three or four of the back teeth in the upper jaw, the enamel was found in a perfect state. The space occupied by i the remains was not sufficient for a body of a full grown female laid out at length ; and the position of the boni s was euch os to favour the supposition, th'it Hie corpse was placed in a bundle under the ground, The remains were gathered together and leintived to the residence of Dr. Curtis, where they now lie. It apptnrs. that the establishment tefetred. to, knowi'M the " Coffee Shop," had been kept as a house of ill fume, anil that it was chiefly a resort for sailors, and perse na who had business on the beach. Some two or thiee ) ears ago, the premises took fire and were burnt to the giound, which c-ircumstsnco, coupled with the tact of the body being fnund less than a foot underground, will explain the appearance of charring visible in some pt.rtion ol'the n'tnains not covered by the slab-of timber. "Wo have only to add, that a young temple, known in the neighbourhood by the r.ame of " Ros»," was missed some time piior to the file, and that nothing baa since been he.irtlof her. A Wonn on Two IN DEPBNCH OP SNAKES -Dr. Becker, in his jounuil, states ihm he demon! trated to the membeis of the Exploring Expedition that at least one species of the snake tiibe lound in "Vietoiii v as inin cuenis, and we ob.-eive that a correspondent of the Umdigii Advertiser, writing with the air of one that ought, to know, claims the same exemption from evil doing for r.ine-tenths of the whole race. He soys :-" The poor snakes, are more sinned against than Binning. There is not one out of ten in Aus- tralia that is venomous"; this may be easily proved, if eviry one, after killing a snake, would examine the mouth ; it it has the two long fangs curved inwardly in the upptr jaw it is venomous ; if not, it is peifeetly haimlcsB. During the nineteen years I have been in the colony, I have not beard of a single case of death occurring front snnko bi'es, which on being sifted could be coi.firmed, with the exception of one. that, of a boy, and I believe, what with Cutting and burning the flesh, added to the fuss and excitement, that the poor boy WHS frightened to death. We continually hear of snakes being found in and about hou-cs, and always that someone 'narrowly escaped being bitten.' Do the frightened fools know what brings the snakes into their houses r It ÍB for their benefit to catch the rats and mice. Snakes are capital ratters and mousers." ATTEMPT TO Ron A BANK.-On Friday night last a cool, dating, and very nearly successful attempt was made to rob the Oriental Bank, Back Creek, which is a zinc office, nearly opposite the theatre. There is a narrow gateway between it and the Live-and-Let-Li vu Hotel ; at the íear are the o'd Scandinavian diggings. About a quarter to nine on Friday night the manager, Mr. Grt y, returning home by the back entrance, per- ceived a light inside and the door open. He imme- diately retraced his steps to sound the alatm, and meeting Mr. Moody, of the States Hotel, requested him to ae-comptiny him, as some one had broken into the bank. '1 hat gentleman accompanied him back, -when, arriving at the pussage, they noticed a man about five feet six inches walking leisurely down the pasbage, past them into the crescent, on reaching w hieh he increased hia pace. Mr. Moody then, not havirg re-covered from an accident he had lately met with at Inglewood, ran as well ns he could for assistance. On entering the bank, nothing was visible but a crowbar, a foot and half long, and a key in the safe. A portmanteau and carpet big had been ' broken open, and the contents strewed about. The Maryborough Hospital box had also been broken open, mid -what few shillings it coniaiiied taken. The coolness of the burglar waa illustrated by his taking a set of studs out of the case, and leaving the latter behind.-Ballarat Timen, November 5. ATTEMPT BY A MOTHER TO MTJUUEB, HER CHILD. On Saturday night an unfoitunate woman, who was apprehended for drunkenness, and who had a child two years of age with her at the time, made an attempt in the lock-up, to drown the poor infant in the nigtit bucket. The lock-up keeper hearing an unusual noise in the cell opened the door, and on going in discovered the woman having a hold of the child with its head foiced downwards in the bucket. A few minutes more and no doubt the poor thing's life would have been sacrificed. It has since been kept apart' from its unnatural parent.-Ballarat S.'ar, Nov. 5. ACCIDENT THHOUGH SMOKING IN BED.-On Thurs- day night last Mr. G. Claike, an engineer in the em- ploy ot Mr. Fitzgerald, of the Springs, Maldon, had retired to rest, having lighted lii3 pipe prior to court- ing sleep. Unfortunately the drowsy god overcame him before the pipe was our, which falling from his mouth, set the bed clothes on fire, and also the tent, which was entirely consumed before the unfortunate sufferer could be removed. He was much burnt about the abdomen and ehest, and in such a precarious eon . dition that Dr. Mason ordered his immediate removal to the hospital.-Mount Altxander Hail, November 5. 