THE UPPER HOUSE AKD THE LAND BILL. Tax Lsd Bilk in the lienlative Council, drags its slow length along; 'clause after clause being subject to keen scrutiny, and amend ments without number proposed and discussed. The alterations in the Bill, as sent from the Assembly, will be so greaty that it is doubtfol if the latter House will pass it Nay, it is con sidered almpst certain that it will reject the amendments; and wbich rejectiqn irill even tuate its total extinction, a de novo, of legslation, for the settlenipnt o? the long and vexed land question. Ap a of course, each section oPthe press applauds the action of the Gooncil, and the in dividual members receive their chare 'of or blame from the leading journals, according to that particular point from which thq ques tion is yieyad ycaphmdiyidniti Tn oirr humble capaoly, hold Vrar pvm onioi«o& ihla mo important gpedioS but' havehitheito, k apootiice determination at the commencemtiat of. our career, abstained from wearying our readers with secondhand political riismngjrm prefer ring rather, as a provincial journal, to deal with matters of local interest ' Tt Is not our presmt intention to violate <Nia rgle anA at- tempt to give the best mode of leettiing the- Land question, bdleving tiuifc the countiy bas not yet; arrived at that state c € wri» fajmg And experience, to he able to calmly nn-' selfishly consider tV relative interests to be affected by a ch≱ in the 'present tystem of occition and sale. All .we intend, in the meantime Ss to enter our protest at the use of by some of- our contemporaries Tgi<u lafrve ConncO, and mm gr rf i thereof They are broadly accused, in one'iead- ing joarml pablidiejl $£ lie Oren&, rf.dis- iMM jwitacriEdllg tte jnKI!r . raJfinw fn tieir private interests. There is no concesaion . of theptobahnity of privaliB npsinii inHnwifMi. ... L their public vote or private vrorth, and hitherto unlmpeanhed private diaraetw being a gua rantee for legislative integrity and consdfintiouB pitjeai dealing. " I .ie Qvanz Constitution singles out three members who are interested in squatting, and as, consequently, opposed to.tite settlement of. ie Land question. This is a .vay grievtras error into which that journal and his party have alien, — the Squatters bong, above aft others, anxious to have the' question of the lands settled. , None are so interested as that class; they have embarked a large amount of capital in their runs. Many of them have made their stations into happy and comfortable homes. They have children to provide for, and would naturally wish them to be settled near themselves. Betides, they have had to en-: counter all the straggles of a rough bnsh-life, while yet the aboriginals were savage, treach erous, and hostile, and the comforts of civiliza tion unobtainable. Many who axe nowwell-to- do sttiion- hohjem, and -who. made ..money .by sheecnard toil and rough living, were at first employed themselves, and as 'ptiinyless in pocket as are many now "loafing" about the city of Melbourne, howling insane invectives against the "squattecracy," and in foct,anyother class who happen to. have — what ihey hate not —the" energy and perseverance to make an in dependency; ' ; By assuming, is a correct salculation, .that every acre pf the squatters? runs can feed a tiiecp per annum, theOoCimstitefgrayely charges one of our Western ProyinoepMmbtis retttmsf It would be wtil for ihe cduritiy, for the"1 squatters, and for the rerapue, if allthe stations of "Victoria could TwuhtaSii a sheep per acre." This assertion iB only a sample of that want of information -as to the facts- bearing on the capabilities of the lapd. ' " The present system of $ssessment is most impolitic, unwise, and pnjust, to t pevenne, and also to the squatters. As it is, the stock holder, if unshxhnd, wastes the grass fojr'which others are willing to pay the State, and the re venue suffers in the diminution of assessment. ' But let all the runs be classified and surveyed, and when the papabilities of each is ascertained, assessed acootrlingly; the tax would be equal ized, and tire Treasury benefitted. By the official papers; now before us, of two runs on the Glenelg, when the capabilities of all the stations were estimated, we find in one, the "estimated area" to be " 48,000 acres," and the "grating capability" to be "6000' sheep;" in the other, the "estimated area" to be 67,200 acres, and the "grating capabilities" 6000 sheep. This, which is a fair average of the runs, we believe, of the colony, is somewhat at variance with the statement of our contempo rary, who, after all, may be an authority in mining statistics, but in grating or even 'agri cultural matters; is evidently "abroad." If squatting is. so advantageous, it is open, as' a calling to aft. Sheep-farming, from the pre sent price of wool, happens to be profitable if gone into with capital and properly attended to-, but it has not always been so remunerative, neither may it continue to be so. It is not, that one branch of industry being prosperous, it should be denounced because another is not so. Time was, when gold-digging was tanta mount to coining money, and storekeeping equally so. It would, then, have been equally "just to cry "Throw open the rich claims to the people;" and "Compel the trader to sell his goods at a small per-centage," — for why should one class begetting rich and not another! We would advise these Dons of stumporators to' bestir their stumps, come down from their sylvan pedestals, and stump it into tlie far West of North, dip into the mysteries of scab -prevention, or dig amidst the cloven savouries of foot-rotting for a season ; learn tbe vicissitudes of squatting life, the horrors of bush-fires, and the thousand casualties adherent thereto — for away from the comforts of wann rooms, libraries, fresh papers and periodicals; applauding hearers and excit ing meetings ; and we fancy they would return wiser, if not better, men — more charitable, if not more enlightened politicians. Hie country districts cry aloud for skilled artimts mid sturdy labourers, while these are clinging to the cily with its r-stitements— kissing the !<em. of the garments which enwrap the doctrines of the high priest of the stump. It is well that the country has an Assembly, independent and above the temporary control of the mob. The Legislative Council, dhosen by the people for a term of years, can look from a higher -and less variable platform than then- brethren of tlte Assembly; they are elected by citizens who, hating a greater or more enduring interest in the ffejfose of the colony and the permanency of its institutions, look well to the character and intelligence of tire njen in whom so high a trust is placed, as the supervision of the acts of the general Parliament. The Council is the wholesome check to hasty, party, and in judicious popular legislation. As a body, they are from the trqly honourable of 4he land ; their interests aic those of ' the whole country; the prosperity of the people is bene ficial to them, for each is equally dependent on the .other. It is an old and truthful saying which asserts, that in any nation no one class can be prosperous unduly at the expmse of another without fetal derangement to the whole body politic. 