TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1860. A Ministry in want of a policy could do little better just now than adopt the programme of Mr. Michie's lecture. A Ministry bold enough to do so would, perhaps, insure to Victoria the recovery which is so slow in coming. The reme dies indicated by our last and plea santest of doctors are not, perhaps, very new or very violent. They con sist, for the most part, of alternatives and sedatives, rather than stimulants ; but they are not the worse because, like the truest medical practice, they are aimed rather to ease than to force the course of nature. The quacks who cry out for a vigorous treatment will, of course, be disgusted when Mr. Michie tells us not to believe in specifics. Their trade lies in inducing the public to put faith in some universal elixir, of which the secret lies only in their hands - which is to do for the body politic all that Professor Holloway does for "suffering humanity." The philosophy which begins by teaching our humanity to make light of its suffering, as the first step to cure, is of course distasteful to the whole tribe of noisy empirics - the inventors of the celebrated family pill, and the adepts in " Oriental herbs." For these gentry it is necessary, first, that the pa- tient should be made to believe himself very ill, indeed ; and, secondly, that he should be taught that there is no hope but in their nostrums. And so, on the first hint that Victoria is "suffering a recovery," we have all the professorhood in arms against the dan- gerous doctrine - the " Pharmacopolæ, Mendici, mimæ, balatrones, hoc genus omne" all who live on the diseases of the state, and who are engendered of its corruption. They are furious, not only that the case should be taken out of their hands, but that it should be presumed to be by no means desperate or hopeless. And their revenge naturally takes the shape of a sneer at the simplicity of the means indicated by which our cure is to be made perfect. "We are told that there is nothing profound or original in the policy so admirably enforced by Mr. Michie ; as if any great truth which it is good for us to learn could be other than old and commonplace. Mr. Michie may easily bear this reproach, if he has told us only what wit ought to tell - " What oft was thought, but ne'er so well expressed." It is in the expression, after all, that there is any field for originality to the political lecturer. However tame the truth may appear, it is certain that there is no new discovery to be made by Victoria in politics. The rules which are good for her, are the rules proved good by all the world ; and there is no short cut to wealth or greatness. We have reversed nothing out here but the seasons. The principles of political science are as im- movable as the axioms in Euclid, and it is by following them alone that we can hope to be healthy and prosperous. The law of production, and the relations between labour and capital, are settled so completely as to have become commonplaces to all but the rude, unthinking majority; and there is no- thing left for any one who is anxious to serve the cause of truth, but to enforce their observance by all the means in his power. Governments themselves are usually the slowest to move in the direc- tion of abstract truth; but a Government founded on the popular will, like ours, and depending for life on the popular applause, cannot afford to neglect the opportunity now before them of following out a policy which is sound, easy, and acceptable. On immi- gration, especially, this public will hardly endure any further paltering with common sense, for the sake of pleasing one class of the community. The Ministry itself, re-juvenated by the accession of a Greeves and a Newton, must be prepared to provide us with some plan of opening again the channel of population. We must have new blood infused into the patient, as one chief and certain mode of insuring its recovery. There seems to be no sufficient rea- son why we should be entirely depen- dent on the home countries for the supply of members of the learned pro- fessions. It is true that a law school has already been established in con- nexion with the University ; but it ap- pears to us equally feasible to commence a medical school and an engineering school on the same foundation. Nay, we do not see why the church should not be also in a position to accept the services of well-educated young men for the extensive field which lies unoccupied. The harvest is abundant; and we are, on all sides, told that the labourers are few. We are not going to say anything as to the quality of the home article; we use it ; we have nothing else to use ; and, such as it is, we shall not grumble over it ; but there is no doubt that the infusion of a little fresh colonial blood would not lessen the public utility of any of the professions, and might, pos- sibly, serve to correct a few blemishes. We may be, perhaps, told that the learned professions are already over- stocked, that the bar is overdone, and the medical profession quite full, and the church left without any funds for her ministers. To this we might answer, that, if these things be so, they concern those who come out to practise as well as those who are here educated. The doctors, and barristers, and clergymen who come out in the face of this melan- choly state of affairs, get settled some how or other ; and why should not our colonial youth, with good healthy appetites for practice and a home, and, possibly, some con- nexions to give them a start, have at least an equal opportunity ? But even without availing ourselves of this argu- ment - which, however it may meet an opponent, may not be quite satisfactory to the inquirer - and even supposing that this melancholy overstocking is an admitted fact, we have still more certain grounds to go upon when we assert that there is plenty of room in the learned professions for the educated young men in the colony. The actual number of members in one of the learned professions affects to very slight degree, if at all, the practice of its best men. Probably nowhere does a man work harder, and wait longer before his work is rewarded, than at the English bar. A great many who daily exhibit their bags and wigs at West- minster are doubtless of opinion that the legal profession in England is over- stocked; but good lawyers get as much practice as they can possibly attend to, and they would, probably, find their incomes no way affected if the English bar was halved or doubled within the next twelve months. It is precisely the same with the medical profession. The industrious, persevering, skillful medical man works his way up through the ranks, however crowded they may be. Doubtless the work may be very hard, but not nearly so hard here as in England. It is true that all our young men cannot turn out to be tiptop lawyers or colonial Abernethies ; but between tiptop lawyers and lawyers who do nothing at all, there are a wide field and many little pickings. The lazy tend to the bottom, and the industrious tend to the top, or near the top; and if in this condition a profession is overstocked, then is every learned profession all over the world overstocked. It is the natural tendency of every profession to become so overstocked. There is a demand for an article, and those who have it to sell keep the market continually supplied to overflowing. There is more in the market than will be bought, but a good article will be certain to find ready sale. From this free competition the peculiar constitution of the church excludes its servants - whether wisely or otherwise we need not now inquire ; but even in the church we think that no properly qualified young man would, if admitted to her service, find her ranks already overstocked to his detriment. With regard more particularly, how- ever, to medicine - for that of all the learned pursuits seems to require the greatest modifications, in order to be adapted to our climate, soil, and many other local conditions - there appears to be all the necessary materials at hand for commencing a medical school, in the same manner, and with very nearly as little expense, as has been incurred in the support of the pre- sent law school. The University, with the addition of a medical lecturer, might at once open the necessary classes ; and the Melbourne Hospital and the Lying- in Hospital would furnish the best pos- sible information on the colonial treat- ment of ordinary diseases, as well as the proper treatment of colonial diseases. We see from the registrar-general's " Statistics" that for the last year the Melbourne Hospital has admitted 2,967 indoor patients and 8,292 outdoor pa- tients ; from which we would infer that all the known diseases of the colony come within its cognizance, saving such as come within the province of the Lying-in Hospital. In this latter insti- tution the diseases peculiar to children are also treated, and we see that 405 chil- dren have been admitted during the same period. These two institutions, with the Lunatic Asylum, pretty nearly compre- hend all the diseases which a medical man would be likely to meet in his private practice ; and if the medical lec- turers were, ex officio, honorary physi- cians of them, there would be less neces- sity for frequent visits of medical students within their walls. The consideration of a medical school has, we believe, for some considerable time been brought before the notice of the Council of the University, but coupled with an outlay which appears to us unnecessarily large - at least for a beginning. The law school at the Uni- versity required, we believe, no prelimi- nary outlay, and its annual expense, for two law readers, amounts, according to the same volume from the registrar general's office, to but £600 per annum. This is, we believe, its whole cost ; and there seems no reason why a medical school could not be maintained at very little greater expense. There is, we see, a department already in existence for the collection of pathological spe- cimens ; and this, with similar assist- ance from the professor of natural science to that already given by the professor of history and political eco- nomy to the law school, and with the aid of those valuable medical institu- tions which we have mentioned, would furnish sufficient machinery to set the thing going. Distinct buildings may be asked, and will be doubtless granted, when more room is actually required. The various volunteer corps of Melbourne and the vicinity, and which will probably include those of Geelong and Queenscliff, with the newly-formed mounted rifles at Bacchus Marsh, will be reviewed by His Excellency the Governor on Friday, the 23rd of November, the anniversary of the proclamation of the new Constitution. It is expected, that in- cluding the rifles, foot and mounted, the artil- lery, naval volunteers, and cavalry, there will be not far short of 2,500 men on the ground, if there is anything like a good attendance on the part of those enrolled. The review, it is under- stood, will take place on the Emerald Hill parade-ground, north-east of the Sandridge battery. In the New Court-house, before Justice Pohl man and a special jury of twelve, the trial of an action of much interest to commercial men - that of Macgregor v. Downie and another, was commenced yesterday, and advanced to the com- pletion of the plaintiff's case. The action is brought to recover about £2,700, which plaintiff says he lost by non-performance of a contract made by the defendants to take 350 tons of pota- toes, to be delivered one-third at three weeks, one third at four weeks, and one-third at seven weeks, after 4th June, 1860, at £9 10s., £10, and £11 per ton. After the contract the market fell. Among the questions raised by counsel for the defendant, two relating to the negotiation of contracts by telegraphic messages and posted letters concur- rently, are interesting. As to the first, it is con tended that a contract, which under the Statute of Frauds must be in writing, cannot any part of it be made by telegram, because what is transmitted is not written-literally, because they don't send the paper containing the written message along the wires. What is sent is only the verbal transla tion by the clerks of what is written by the par- ties, as when a messenger is sent with a written message, which he only refers to for refreshing his own memory, but does not produce to the person to whom he brings verbal com- munication of the message sent. The other point is the old one, first made famous in the case of Boydell v. Drummond, concerning a sub- scription to the Boydell edition of Shakspeare, and now renewed under new circumstances that would seem to render the law harder in practice now than when it was first laid down by the judges. The rule declared in that case was, that when it is endeavoured to prove a contract by several writings, only such writings as "bear an ob- vious connexion inter se in sense" can be resorted to; and writings which are not so connected cannot be joined together by verbal evidence to make up the agreement." If the telegraphic messages in this case are held to be only verbal, they are not proper links to connect letters not connected inter se by references from one to the other. In consequence of the soldiers of the 40th, who arrived here by the Result, being sufficient in number, together with the men of the regi- ment who were in Melbourne awaiting their coming, to perform garrison duty in this city, the volunteers will be relieved in future from the necessity of mounting guard. By the time The Argus is in the hands of our readers this morn ing, our citizen soldiers will have handed over to their comrades of the line the various posts which have been entrusted to their care during the past five or six months, for that is the length of time during which our volunteers have fulfilled the duty which they so willingly and zealously under took, and which enabled the authorities to set free, at a time when they were much required, a strong force of Her Majesty's troops for active service in another colony. Too much praise cannot be awarded those who, without a murmur have in many instances subjected themselves to much personal inconvenience, for the sole object of manifesting their patriotism and loyalty. The thanks of the Governor are conveyed to the Volunteers in a general order printed in this day's issue. In the Old Court yesterday, before his Honour Mr. Justice Molesworth, a verdict of £50 was found against two magistrates of Donnybrook, near Kilmore, for the false imprisonment of a man named Duncan Henderson. The defen- dants were gentlemen of the name of Wilson, and the plaintiff was a small farmer in the neighbour hood. The plaintiff's son, whoso name was Donald Henderson, rented a farm within the jurisdiction of the defendants; and the farm being covered with thistles, he was summoned before the defendants, and a fine imposed under the " Thistle Act." The fine not being recover- able, a warrant for his apprehension was issued but in consequence of its being only directed to " D. Henderson," the officer who executed it ar rested the father, who was accordingly incarce rated for 45 hours, for which the jury returned a verdict of £50 against the magistrates. The Speaker has issued a writ for the election of a member for South Gipps Land, in place of Angus McMillan, Esq., resigned. The following arrangement has been made for the election : Date of writ, 5th November ; date of nomination, 17th November; day of polling, 23rd November ; return of writ, 6th December. The drum and fife band of the Carlton Com pany of Volunteer Rifles came out on Saturday for the first time, under the mastership of Mr. William Cleary, and played some very pretty marches, among which one composed by him for the company, called the " Carlton Volun- teer Rifle March." We doubt not many will be glad to see them out every parade day. A requisition to Mr. Clarke, requesting him to put himself in nomination for the Western Dis trict, was in course of signature yesterday in Ballarat. A very fine specimen of penmanship has just been completed by Mr. G. P. Smith, of Williams town, and has been exhibited in Melbourne during the last few days. It is a presentation to Mr. Verdon, the representative of Williamstown in the Legislative Assembly, in the form of a letter from his friends and supporters at his election, congratulating Mr. Verdon on his success, conveying the resolution of the sub scribers to pay the costs of the elec tion, and enclosing a cheque for the amount. This letter Mr. Smith has copied, and or- namented in the form of an illuminated manu- script, with much taste, and considerable skill and knowledge. The border consists of a fretwork of gold, occupying the corners, and connected by sets of lines of gold, the inter- stices of the gold-frets being occupied by minute white Norman and Celtic frets upon a black ground. The ornamentation on the top and right is an elaborately-finished copy from a M.S, of the fourteenth century, and that on the left with the capital letter springing from it from a still more celebrated work of the fifteenth century preserved in the King's Library at Paris. All the illuminated capitals are copies from admired works. The colouring throughout is very rich; but the harmony of the arrangement will please the most delicate taste. Mr. Verdon has to congratulate himself on the possession of by far the finest illuminated manuscript yet produced in the colony. The "Fifth of November" - day dear to the juveniles of Old England, for the license in works of gunpowder which is then permitted was not forgotten yesterday by "Young" Mel- bourne, for whom the dealers in rockets and squibs had for some weeks been making prepara- tions. The skies, however, were unpropitious, and the fiery honours which would have been paid to various representatives of Guyfawkes were rendered by the rain which fell too unplea- sant to be cared for. The Pharmaceutical Society of Victoria has issued another number of its "Transactions," and, curiously enough, while it is sent afloat on the stream of literature as a "quarterly journal," the editor commences the opening article by remarking, that " it is now twelve months since the last number of the journal was issued!" " Extreme indifference" on the part of the chemists and druggists of Victoria to the suc- cess of the Pharmaceutical Society, and the journal of its transactions, is set down as the cause of the intermittent character of the periodical's appearance. Amongst the original articles contributed to the journal in the part before us is a paper by Dr. Mueller, on the Australian Kaurie pine. A writer in the Mount Alexander Mail of yes- terday, who signs himself " J. G. Moon," and dates from Strangway's Hotel, near the Yandeit, gives his recent experiences of snakes as fol- lows :-" Having read in The Argus, and other Melbourne papers, accounts of the vast numbers of snakes at present being found all over the country, I wish to confirm, in some measure, these statements, by what I have myself met with these last few days. In a walk from Campbell's Creek to Carisbrook and back to this place, I have fallen in with no less than nine of these dan- gerous reptiles, some alive, and some but just killed. Yesterday afternoon, a man belonging to this hotel brought in one which measured extactly five feet, and another man told me that in ploughing a small paddock close to the house he turned up five. Almost everybody you meet on the roads and bush will give you some account of snake they have either seen or destroyed. I most certainly agree with The Argus, that a reward should be offered for their destitu- tion, as I believe them to be evidently on the increase; and the way I account for it is, that the land getting daily under more cultivation, and roads cutting through the bush in every di- rection, prevents the large bush-fires which used formerly to rage through the country, and doubt less destroy thousands of these reptiles, which now escape. Surely, if a penny per head is had in England for the destruction of a poor little cock-sparrow, half-a-crown might well be paid here for the head of one of these deadly creatures." The Coppin Challenge Cup Committee met yesterday, at the Bull and Mouth Hotel, to decide upon the number the Collingwood Club are to bring against Richmond on Saturday next. The Collingwood Club submitted a list of names, and claimed to play fifteen out of this number. The proposition was allowed by the committee, and the fifteen will be selected from the following list : - Messrs. Ross, Stewart, McHarg, Templeton, Handfield, Perraton, Smart, Glen, Fiddes, Waugh, J. Finlay, R. Finlay, Carlyle, D'Arcy, Beaumont, Eldridge, and Matheson. Payable gold has been found by one of the parties - that headed by a man named Andrews - employed by the Castlemaine Prospecting Ass ociation. The locality is eight miles from Castle maine, three miles from Muckleford, and one mile from the village of Watford. The inspec tor, in his report to the association, describes the ground and the prospect obtained as follows : - " A succession of deposit hills, which take their rise on the left of the main road through Muckle- ford to the western gold-fields, attain a gradual elevation of some 50 or 60 feet from the road, and Andrews has sunk a number of holes on their southern slope, from all of which he obtained coarse gold, although it was only in the two last bottomed that he considered it to bere- munerative in quantity. The sinking averaged 15 or 16 feet in depth, through layers of cement and pebbly-quartz, on to a soft bluish slate, in which the gold is principally found. I inspected the underground workings, and selected a trial- tub of dirt, taken indiscriminately from a drive connecting the two holes (along a gentle dip), which washed in my presence, yielded about 1¼dwt. of gold. A little gold can be obtained in any direction, but it seems as if the payable portion was confined to the dip running parallel to the base of the hill. The gold obtained is mostly of a blackish colour, coarse and water worn, and water for washing purposes can be obtained readily from the Mia Mia Creek, the sinking being perfectly dry. Andrews and party are satisfied they have found payable ground, and have requested me to take the necessary steps to secure them a prospecting claim. Nothing but a rush can determine the extent or the value of this locality as a gold-field. It is possible that Andrews may have chanced on the richest ground, though I think it more likely that the neighbourhood is of a patchy character, and that many rich claims will some day be found; but it may be expected, judging by past experience, in the event of a large number being taken up, there will be amongst them the usual number of 'shicers' and disappointments. There is no doubt the country is generally auriferous, though I am not prepared from present information to recom- mend a flight to the place. Should any impor- tant change in the yield or character of Andrews' claim occur, I shall immediately give it publicity." Colonel Pitt has arranged that the Rifle Match in connexion with the Caledonian Festival shall take place on the 27th, 28th, and 29th instant, at the Sandridge Butts. The entries are to be made at the Volunteer-office on or before the 24th instant. The distances will be 200, 400, and 600 yards. The method of competition can be learned at the Volunteer-office. The trial is to be open to all comers, whether riflemen or not ; and we understand that Colonol Pitt will supply rifles and ammunition to such as require them. A handsome testimonial was presented to his Worship the Mayor a few days since at Kyneton, in the shape of a silver claret jug and plate, of the value of nearly £100. The workmanship of the jug is of a very superior description. The pre- sentation was of a private nature. Two soldiers of the 40th Regiment, named Michael Grimes and Joseph Brown, were yester- day committed for trial, at the City Police Court, for assault upon and robbery of a carrier, named Griffiths, on Saturday night last. The draught tournament in connexion with the Caledonian Festival will take place at Mr. Kelly's Argus Hotel on the 22nd inst. The entries must be made, either with Mr. Kelly or the Secretary of the Caledonian Society, on or before that date. Men and boards will be pro- vided for the challengers. At the Victoria Turf Subscription-room last evening several horses were vigorously supported for the Grand Turf Club Handicap. Wildrake was made first favourite at 3 to 1 (taken) ; Flying Colours, at 4 to 1 (taken) ; the Moor was backed at 8 to 1; Phœbe and Gaffer Grey, each at 10 to 1, Rob was the only one mentioned, amongst the outsiders, and his price was 20 to 1, his owner being his principal backer. Flatcatchor stands nominally at 4 to 1, but was not backed, the recent dry weather having made the course rather harder than the old grey horse would wish it. Partisan and Othello were friendless. Tranby was backed in the early part of the day at about 8 to 1, but his backers were soon satisfied. Nothing was done upon the Victoria Stakes, but the Colonel and dauntless remain the favourites. Several bets were laid upon the Turf Club Handicap between Mr Duppa's lot and those trained by Mr. Cole man, the former leaving off rather the best favourites. Several horses have been backed during the last few days for the Two Thousand Guineas Stakes, to be run in the spring of 1861. The following are the selected: - Camden, Se cundus, Eaglehawk, Goshawk, Medora, Palestine, and Engle's Plume. It will be noticed that all (except Camden) are now two years old. The robbery on a storekeeper named Ponia towski, which took place a few evenings ago in the bar of the Assembly Hotel, Bourke-street, was investigated at the City Court yesterday. Two men named Hossick and Dobie were com mitted for trial, and a third, Frederick Lonsdale, examined on the same charge, was set at liberty. At the City Court, yesterday, John Sherlock and Dennis Ward, two men in the employ of Mr. Bruce, the railway contractor, were fined £5 each, for a ruffianly and unprovoked assault upon Con- stable Summerhayes while the latter was en- deavouring to rescue a female from the blows of one of them (Ward). We yesterday had an opportunity of inspecting the uniforms that are being made at Messrs. Lush's for the band of the Volunteer Rifles. The uniform consists of blue trousers and coat, the colour being of that shade called cobalt. The trousers have down the sides a piece of black braid, about an inch and a quarter broad, and down the middle of it, scarlet piping. The collar and cuffs of the coat are scarlet, ornamented with black braid, richly embroidered, and there are five frogs across the front of the coat. A blue cloth cop, with scarlet band and black braid will complete the costume, which is altogether very handsome and becoming. The band, dressed in their new uniform, will play for the first time in public on the occasion of His Excellency's lawn party at Toorak, on Friday. The usual weekly meeting of the Hotham Ward Municipal Council was held last evening, Coun- cillor Gell being in the chair. A letter to the superintendent of the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum was read, requesting him to have certain nuisances removed, arising from the drainage from the institution ; also, one from the hon. the Attorney-General, and the clerk of petty sessions, Melbourne, complaining that the police were in the habit of taking persons offending within the Hotham boundary to the District Court, instead of before the Hotham bench of magistrates. A petition was received from certain cattle- owners, complaining that the town-herd of Melbourne was in the habit of impounding cattle, unless he re- ceived a weekly fee of 1s. per head. Amongst the orders of the day was one, that the ratepayers' roll be prepared forthwith. Councillor Marris took occasion to call the attention of the council to their financial position, and allowed that both the rates and the Govern- ment aid of last year had been expended and £1,278 of the unassessed and uncollected rates sunk in public works. He stated it as his belief that, after the permanent liabilities had been paid, such as water and gas aocounts, and the in- terest on the Gabrielli loan, nothing would be left for carrying out permanent works for the benefit of the municipality. A motion in his name was carried, to the effect that the surveyor prepare an estimate of the cost of drainage of certain streets, and also a return of such streets. Pay ments were ordered to be made to the extent of £736. It was also agreed that the report of the committee of the whole council be adopted, re commending that the waste lands within Hotham be applied to commonage purposes. A motion was carried that a deputation wait upon the hon. the President of the Board of Land and Works, to request the removal of the powder magazine from the Royal Park, and also the removal of the Macaulay-road toll-gate. An audience of about 200 ladies and gentle men assembled at the Town-hall, St. Kilda, yes- terday evening, to listen to a lecture from Mr. Henry Samuel Chapman, entitled, "A Three hundred Miles' Walk in New Zealand, with some information on the War and its origin." It is generally known that Mr. Chapman resided some time in the colony where he held a high position; and it was therefore anticipated thnat the lecture would be an interesting one, and so it proved. Mr. Chapman detailed at considerable length the particulars of an overland trip from the northern side of the island to Taranaki, the present seat of war, and which he had undertaken in 1844 for the purpose 0f having an interview with the then Chief Justice of the colony. The lecturer's narration was interspersed with numerous anecdotes of the mode of life amongst the natives, and their super stitions, together with a description of the scenery. &c.; A lucid account of the first settlement of the British in the colony was given, as also the history of the various tribes from that date to the present time. Mr. Chapman, also, fully dilated on the causes of the war, and its pro- bable results. The lecturer was heard through- out with the deepest attention, and a vote of thanks was unanimously given to him at the close of his address. We have received a new edition of the Land Bill, of which the following is the title-page : " The Working Man's Guide to the Land Act, being a systematic arrangement and popular reading of its provisions, by P. Stanley Tomlins." The plan adopted by Mr. Tomlins may be described in his own words, which are as follow : \- " This guide is not a comment on the Land Act, nor partaking in any degree of a political character. It contains all its provisions, but arranged under various heads, in a manner that I trust will assist those not accustomed to read and digest acts of Parliament to a full comprehen- sion of the measure as it stands, and which I venture to say nine out of ten of all classes in this community could not do by merely perusing the authorized edition. I have endeavoured to use the most simple language where it was pos- sible to express the meaning of the act in that manner, but in all cases where I have had any doubt upon the subject, or there appeared any ambiguity, I have invariably used the very words of tho act itself. I have in every case put in the margin, as the authority for my statements, the sections of the act from which such statements have been taken, so that any who question them may at once set at rest any doubts they may entertain." The new Town-hall excitement still prevails in Prahran, and last evening a special meeting of the ratepayers was convened, for the purpose of taking further action in the matter. A written opinion of Mr. Wilberforce Stephen was read, which stated that the council had no power to de- vote the rates collected to the erection of the new building ; and, encouraged by that opinion, the committee of ratepayers called upon the meeting to assist them by their subscriptions to take the matter into the Supreme Court, a re- quest which was responded to generally. The question at issue is one which has never been tried in this colony, and the result will be of the greatest importance to the many municipalities which have been created within the last few years. About 150 persons were present, and the pro- ceedings were throughout conducted in the most orderly manner. Dr. Woolridge occupied the chair. A nautical melodrama, entitled "The Black Gull; or, Sharks along Shore," was produced last evening at the Princess's Theatre, which, despite the weather, was well attended on the occasion. The story is not a very probable on, and is based on the rascalities of Villanos, a pirate, and Snakely, an elderly scamp of the legal order ; but there is compensation for this deficiency in an abundance of stirring incidents and telling situations. Illustrations of the triumphs which should always mark the result of conflict between truth and falsehood, virtue and vice, follow each other in rapid succession throughout the piece, and the conclusion is in perfect harmony with the other points of the narrative. The piece was well put upon the stage, enjoying, among other advantages, that of new and appropriate scenery, which certainly deserves commendation. The scene on the deck of the pirate ship, and the manner in which the circumstances attending that portion of the play were delineated, reflect credit both on scenic artist and stage-manager. "The Black Gull' is likely to have " a run." The new cast of " The Comedy of Errors" does not seem exactly to have suited the popular taste, although in several particulars it is en- titled to be considered a better than the original one. The similitude of dress and general ap- pearance between Miss Fanny Young and Mrs. Winterbottom as the brothers Antipholus is mar vellous ; and it is no undeserved compliment to both ladies to say that their performance last night, under the circumstances, was satisfactory, and creditable to them. Miss Fanny Young, in particu lar, is to be commended for the correctness of her reading, and for the care with which she en- deavoured to tread in the footsteps of Mr. Brooke. Both ladies were evidently somewhat nervous, at the novelty of their situation, and from being aware that they had to encounter a rather trying comparison with their predecessors. On a second performance they will doubtless feel more at home. The interest of the evening was naturally concentrated upon Messrs. Brooke and Edwards as the two Dromios. We are compelled to pronounce the performance of the latter to have been, on the whole, the more successful - not because it was more correct, but because it was the livelier of the two. Mr. Brooke, as Dromio of Syracuse, was grave and sententious : he should have thrown more lightness and geni- ality into his sketch. Mr. Edwards carried off the palm by his jocularity and fun ; whereas Dromio of Ephesus is the graver character of the two. The reading of either character should have been exchanged; for that, as it stood, it was erroneous no student of Shakspeare can doubt. Mr. Brooks appeared, indeed, to be struggling with an imperfectly de- veloped conception of the character all through, and we cannot but think he will achieve quite a different result with it yet if he choose to do so. As it was, no one could lose sight of some excellent and characteristic touches which he threw in here and there. We must think that this admirable actor might have been a little more accurate than he was occasionally in his delivery of the text. Shakes- peare is an author who can least of all bear mu- tilation, and if so masterly an interpreter should halt, nothing can be justly said if less experi- enced performers should positively stumble - as, we regret to add, was more than once the case last night. The dresses , and " make-up" of Messrs. Edwards and Brooke are excellent, though perhaps a little too old. It was almost impossible to distinguish between either the Dromios or their masters in the last scene, and the attention was constantly exercised throughout. This is as it should be, and not a ground of failure, as some persons may be disposed to think. Miss Earle pleased everyone by her intelligent and graceful performance of Luciana. With study this very young actress cannot fail to be a marked acquisition to our stage. Her enuncia- tion is clear and musical, and her appearance is greatly in her favour. The part of Dr. Pinch wus undertaken by Mr. Collingwood, who deserves credit for his excellent " make-up." Upon the whole, we think that the new cast, though certainly by no means a failure, is as certainly not an improvement upon that which preceded it. 