INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. Bj the Omeo we have our usual colonial files. The elates are as follow;» : MELBOURNE, to . Feb. a. SÏDNEY, to.Fob. 4. HOBART TOWN, to.Feb. 3. AUCKLAND, to .Jan. 28. Many of the more important items have been an tidpated by the telegram-«. We nppend a few ex- tracts. TICTORLA. THE IXTERCOLOVTAT; CRICKET MATCH.-The result of this most exciting match has already been tele- graphed ; the dei ails of ihe play and the rppcaranee of the ground are rekte.t at immense length hy ihc Melbourne papei-e, and telegrams, a cob1 inn and a half long, have appeared in the Sydney Herald. Of course we cannot quote the reports, but' the following para- graph from the Argus, in reference to the second day's play, may give give «onie idea of the interest taken in the game :-" The attendance ye3lerday_was larger than on the previous day, and the grand stand was much better filled. The'money taken at the gate was £301, as compared willi £294 on Thursday, ho that allowing children, who went in at half-price, and those who lind taken tickets for the three clays, there could not have been fewer than 7,000 persons on the grouud. The number of fashionably dressed ladies was very large, and iirespective of those who .went to admire ericker, there was a eonsiderable proportion of those who vent to see and to be seen. Sir Henry Barkly was on the ground nearly all day, and took a* lively interest in the game. The two Elevens and their friends dined together on the 7th, in Xunn's Hotel. About 70 gentlemen were present. Mr. D. S. Campbell proposed the health of tho Sydney Eleven. The toast was received with enthusiasm, and Mr. Gilbert replied, lie said tliat in iSew South Wales there was not the same organization of the cricketers as in "Vic- toria ; they were all amateure, and a large propoi tion * natives ;' while on the other hand, the majority of those who did bat tie for Victoria were either cricketers byjprofession, or liad learnt the game in England. Mr. Tunks followed, and blamed the ground for the defeat of the Sydney Eleven. Ile also stated that in Sydney there were not the same facilities for prac- tising the game as in this colony. Here the Govern- ment gave to cricketers as much land as they pleased; in New South "Wales there was not'a single reserve which cricketers could say they held by any tenure or could make any improvement upon. Mr. .Randall, one of the speakers, in the course of the evening stated that there remained a balance of nearly £1,000 to the credit of the Match Committee after paying expenses." THE PHEASANTS AND SINGING BIRDS BY THE GREAT BRITAIN.-The Argus says, the Great Britain has brought an interesting collection of pheasants, thrushes, and larks, sent out from England for the Botanic Gardens by the Australian Association in London. More than usual interest was felt in the result of this attempt to introduce the English pheasant, from the failure, comparatively, of some previous experiments ; and we are glad to learn that a large proportion of the pheasants, and all but a few of. the thrushes and larks embarked havo been safely placed under the charge of Dr. Mueller, in the aviary of the Botanic Garden. The number of pheasants originally selected was 21, or 12 pairs ; of thrushes, 42 ; and of larks, 55. Of these, 11 pheasants (7 cocks and 4 hens), 37 thrushes, and 48 larks, have survived the accidents and ailment"? attendant on the passage It is unfortunate that so few of the pheasants have outlived the voyage, but experience has shown that unless extraordinarily favored by circumstances at the commencement of the voyage, and watched with expe- rienced care throughout, they die off rapidly when cooped np in cages, and exposed to the annoyances, of travel. Seven of the 2-i died on the railway between London and Liverpool, and a chilling east wind blowing down the Mersey killed two others before the »hip left the river. At sea, and soon after -the Great Britain began to feel the ocean swell, the survivors became peculiarly pugnacious. In the course of the Ant night at sea one of the hen pheasants was killed, a very fierce male bird (which has reached the (Gardens in good condition) being the murderer. Next day it was deemed prudent to separate all tho birds, and to add scraps of raw meat to their food. The separation prevented their doing mischief to each other, and,the scraps seemed to satisfy an unnatural appetite. Throughout the voyage the hens were par- ticularly restless, and were with difficulty prevented from doing serious injury to themselves by jumping violently and striking their heads against the top of thecages. At a later period of the voyage diseases of various sorts set in, and in two instances with fatal results. ïhe first of these, on examination, was found to have arisen from constipation of the bowels, and, as measures of prevention, small pieces of fresh turnip and carrot, with oatmeal, were given to the others with good effect. Under this disease, however, the sufferers became wasted to skiu aud bone. The second fatal case occurred after tho longitude of the Cape waa crossed. The bird (a hen in splendid condition) was suddenly ob- served to make three or four convulsive spring» round and round, and then to jump once or twice upwards. Water waa freely applied to its head, but it died ahnoBt instantaneously. On examination, the brain was- found congested, and the knowledge waa afterwards found useful in the case of another bird, I the life of which in a similar fit was saved by the free application of water. The thrushes proved themselves excellent sailors. They gave no trouble, andexhibited no symptoms of illness of any kind. .She cages, however, were small, and too lightly con- structed for so strong a bird, and from this cause two thrushes were lost overboard, the cages having been broken in the "process of cleaning, ami the birds hav- ing escaped through the open port-hole. Another made his escape on the wharf here, M hilo being landed, from the same cause, but he was rc- captured ; and a fourth was lost in the gardens, having got out between the wires whilst being conveyed from the «dray to the aviary. The larger proportion of the thrushes were ni song throughout the voyage, «especially at the first dawn of light, and their activity and pertness made them general favorites with the passengers, numbers of ¡.whorn visited them almost daily throughout the voy- age. Tho larks were found much more delicate and difficult to manage. During the south-weit gale off Madeira, in which the Great Britain lay to (though under steam) for 12 hours, and rolled heavily to an awkward cross sea, two of the larks and a * thrush were strangled by getting their heads fixed in the wires of their cages. Several others were afterwards found similarly entangled, butin time to be saved. In the same gale another unfortunate lark broke his leg, and when placed in a cage by himself, to give him «a« chance of recovery, he 'pined and died. Diarrhoea affected them considerably, and the rapidity of £het ship's passage from tho topics to tho colder «Muthern latitudes was followed by other type3 of diiease which affected almost the whole of the larks, and in three instances fatally. On the Great Britain's previous passage 22 out of a consignment of 21 lurks died in ¿he .same locality from the same cause. The .ficinitT^oir.Iana, as the ship approached the Headé, .eemed''to'become known instinctively to the whole collection of' larks and thrushes. They became rest ess, brokeinto'snatches of song, and scarcely rested for a moment from the time land wa3 made till they were placed hv the .gardens. When released there they gaye1 themselves at once to enjoy their unwonted freedom,'for in a few' minutes the larlu were rolling their heads in the dry warm earth, and the thrushes ware bathing in the water, with evident enjoyment of th&noxaliy..; \- ». .- ^" ^ Ig|ÊxîpwEDrNABr CASE.-jThe Argus of Februarys saya-rAn extraordinary case of attempted murder on the high was \w 'brought before the Police Magistrate ¡ .it Williamstown yesterday. The tacts aie briefly as { follón :-In the ship Owen Glendower, now lyhig oft' j tho Sandridge PtiTj,,which recently arrived from London, a Mr. James Beaton came out as a first-class i passenger, accompanied by his w ife, and attended by a servant. Mr. Harold John Childe, the prosecutor j in the ea*e, was the second officer in command. Mr. i Beaton, who, from the evidence adduced, would appear ' to be unfortunately afflicted with a jealous disposition, either saw, or imagined that he saw, during the voyage, an undue familiarity existing between Mr. Childe and his wife, and without stopping to ascertain beyond the possibility of- doubt whether his suspicions were well founded, meeting Mr. Childe between 8 and 9 in the morning of the 3rd of December last, as he came out of one of the stem cabins.-Mr. Beaton deliberately levelled his revolver at him, aud shot him in tho left shoulder, the shot also taking effect in his left arm. Mr. Childe fell, seriously, though not dangerously wounded, and for 16 days was disabled from attending to his duties. Twelve shots wero ex- tracted from his arm and shoulder by the surgeon. As soon as he had committed the crime, Mr. Beaton withdrew into his cabin, and closed the door. The report brought nearly all the pasaengers in a great state of excitement to* the spot, and after Mr. Childe had been removed-his clothe« being staiued with blood-by the surgeon, the captain entered the vvould- be*as3assin's cabin, and having taken the mur- derous weapon from his hand, had him kept in con- finement during the remainder of the voyage. He subsequently, by dint of threats and intimidation, got his wife to make a written confession of Laving had criminal intercourse with Mr. Childe, but even this attempt at palliation of his guilt failed, for Mrs. Beaton afterwards contradicted the statement, and said she had 'nade it under eoerciou from her husband. Mr. Childe denied upon oath having been intimate with Mrs. Beaton, and his denial was borne out by the evidence of the captain, chief officer, aud siu'gpon of the ship. The prisoner, a Scotchman, who is said to be a man of some property in thet colony, wa3 com- mitted for trial, bail being refused." DrsFASFD SHEEP.-Very serious intelligence has reached us f.-oai Clunes respecting a fatal disease which bas broken out among the sheep in that dis- trict. On one run alone, out of a flook of 1,000 owes andramslately purchased from Mr.Hodgkinson by Mr. Egan, 250 wera found lying dead, and 150 more dying. This alarming discovery was made on Thursday last. As soon a? the fact became kinwn to the neighboring settlers, it was instantly resolved to purchase from Mr. Egan the remaining 450 of the flock, which already showed signs of being attacked, | more oc less, by the disease, and destroy them by fire. An obstado, howover, presented itself to the accomplishment of this object in the shape of an un- reasonable demand by Mr. Egan that he should re- ceive 13s. for each ewe, the market price being only from 7s. to Ss. Feeling that no time was to be lost, and i lint delay of even one day might prove danger- ous to the stock in the surrounding district, the farmers agreed to indemnify Mr. Egan for his loss by giving bin 500 ewes in three months' time, taking into roiioideration that it would not be safe to place any bheep on the ground at an earlier period. Great fears arc entertained in the distric', respecting the large number of sheep now being brought over from Sydney, it being thought that these arc not wholly from the disease, which is called " catarrh," and a general opinion prevails that some legislation is im peralivcly needed to protect the farmers. By the same account we learn that the grass is fast disap- pearing, and it is supposed that in a fortnight more there will be none.left.-Argit?. PRO TEC TED INTRODUCTION OF SALMON*.-The Argus says .--We learn that a first attempt is now being made by the London Australian Association, and more esjiecially by Mr. Wilson, to accomplish the great object of introducing the salmon to same at least of the Australian and Tasmanian rivers. Various suggestions having been found untenable,thcinitiatory experiment will be made with impregnated ova, placed separately under glass, in a manner permitting the sun to ^hiae on and a constant stream of fresh water abut an inch and a-half in depth to flow over them. It is anticipated that by dispatching the ova thus arranged at the proper season the fish may have been hatched, and approaching tho pan* condition, by the time they arrive here to bo placed in the ponds of the Yarra, now being prepared for then, by Dr. Meuller. A PLAGUE OF GRASSHOPPERS.-Grasshoppers are now so numerous about Ballarat that the owners of gardens are becoming alarmed lest every green thing be eaten up. They are in millions ; in some spots peculiarly favorable to them they are so numerous that they almost darken the air. And, they are sin- gularly hold and audacious. Not content with devouring the plants and flowers outside, if a bouquet is cut they follow it into tlie house and attack it in the vase. Persons whose avocations render them particularly observant of such mattera tell us that there is such a visitation once in every seven vears ; we would be content if it did not come so often. Ballarat Times. TiiEFiBEATBAlLARAT.--The following telegram was published hi Melbourne on the morning of the 8th. . Ballarat, February 7. A fire broke out at half-past 8 a.m., at Mr. Mader's, baker, in Creswick Creek. All the houses from tho Bank of Australasia, Albert-street west, down to Mr. Shearer's store, are burnt down. The amount of loss and damage done is not known yet, but no doubt must be enormous. The Ballarat fire brigade and engine wont out to Creswick, and up to this' time have not returned. Cre$wick, February 7. The fire originated in a waste building fronting Albert-street, belonging to Mr. Mader, baker, and used by him for keeping fodder. The alarm of fire was given a lew mniutes before 9, and in an horn- 'and ten minutes the following stores, &e.;, were a mass of ruins :-Mader's shop and bakery ;- Peacock, draper -both insured ; Jebb, draper, partially insured ; Martin, bookseller, partially insured ; Grant, grocpr and ironmonger, partiallyinsnred ; Williams, crockery store, uninsured ; M'Lcod, draper, partially insured ; Watson, crockery store, stock uninsured ; Tilley, grocer, stock uninsnred ; Chinese store, Chinese res- taurant-both uninsured ; Storey, tailor and draper, stock uninjured; Beis, barber, «stock uninsured; Shearer, grocer, stock uninsured ; Lyons, blacksmith's shop ; Dickie, wheelwright, shop and house partially insured. Shearer Bared the most of his stock. I estimate the damage at about £16,000. The fire engine and brigade came over promptly from Ballarat, bul too late to save any of the buildings but they were of great service in quenching the fire in the smouldering ruins. .NEW SOUTH WALES. The Empire of February 3rd says, it is currently | reported that Mr. Wise, the präsent Attorney General, is to be elevated to the Bench ; Mr. Justice | Milford becoming first Puisne Judge, and Mr. Jus- tice Dickinson succeeding Sir Alfred Stephen, as acting Chief Justice. The office of Attorney-General, it is said, is to bo conferred upon Mr. Peter Faucett, the recently elected mombor for East Sydney. Mi-LixcHOiY SUICIDE.-A malancholy ease of sui- cide has just occurred at Windsor. The victim was a Miss Adeline Fitz^ aged thirty-two, who bad lived for ! three years as governess in the family of Mrjs. Dight, of Richmond. A post-mortem examination shewed that deceased was encieiite, and letters found in lier apartiiient went to show that she was driven to the I desperate deed of self- destruction by the refusal of I her sndncer, James Doyle, to marry her. Death was produced by means of prussic acid. THE SSOWT CREEK DIGGINGS.-The following is ] abridged from the Herald :-In our issue to-day will be found two communications relative to fresh gold- field«, one of which is situated near Gloucester, on the sources of the river Where gold of great parity has been found ; and the other is the extreme south of the colony, in the basin of the Snowy River, and not far from the Victorian boundary. This latter goldfield, though the least accessible, has excited the most attention among the migratory diggers, from the fact that the workings are reported ,to be easy, and the gold so widely diffused as" almost to ensure a reward to persevering miners. About 700 or 800 men are already there, and more arc flocking thither, allured by reports of success. Reports of this kind are, however, so easily got up, so difficult to authen- ¡ ticate, arid originate so frequently in the self-intore3l of parties who think nothing of dooming their fellow creatures to suffering and penury if they can but turn a penny themselves, that it is necessary to receive all I glowing accounts with great caution, and to believe j only on very substantial evidence. That tho district, however, is auriferous, wc have every ground] for believing, as the fact is testified to by the j Rev. W. B. Clarke-a witness who has never yet been found to err, and who has never been I suspected of over-coloring his statements from ! any interested,motives. The,«general course of the j Snowy River is -southwards, and it discharges its waters on to the Ninety-mile Beach. The sources of j tho river lie within the territory of New South Wales, and it is in this part that gold has beon principally found as yet. The valley may prove auriferous foi its entire length.' ' In several of the affluents of the | Snowy River Mr. Clarke found gold, mostly very fine, and evidently of granitic origin. Mr. Clarke says j that there are unquestionably 400 square miles in the ' Maneroo district which are auriferous ; and speaking j generally of the southern district, he adds that south of Marulan there are certainly 16,000 square miles over which gold is dispersed. ' It is summertime now, and pilgrims to tho Snowy River may have the luck to enjoy fine weather. But all who think of adven- turing thitjber should distinctly prepare themselves for the discomforts of a very trying and variable climate. It is a bleak place with a rugged country on all sides, very much exposed to high winds, and to dense fogs drawn up the gullies from the sea, visited by semi-tropical rains, It is not only gold that is lo be lound in tho valley of the Snowy River. At the junction of the Delegate with that river, Mr. Clarke obsered iron, lead, and copper, all within a comparatively short distance of each other, aud in the neighbourhood was limestone j of excellent quality,, The river furnishes a never ending supply of water; the neighboring forests abound in timber, and on the M'Lougldiu is a deposit of lignite or imperfect, coal, which could be used in the Ibr^c. There are all the materials therefore for , mining; and smelting establishments, whenever tliat style of industry may become profitable, and a rail- road be opened up to the coast. In some future day Bombala may, perhaps, be a town of great chimneys, and the clank of the hammer supersede the baying of the shepherd's dog. Whatever may be the de- velopment of the district, it has the advantage of an excellent harbour, and Twofold Bay may, perhaps before long, give shelter to a fleet of coasters trans- cending in number and capacity the wildest dreams of Mr. Boyd. * * ] TElEGRAMâ. The following Sydney telegrams are taken from the Melbourne papers. Some of the dates aro prior to those of the newspapers ; but the intelligence is given in a mox'e compendious form : Sydney, February 1. A butcher named Burgess, while lying apparently intoxicated on the line near Newcastle, has had his head severed from his body by a passing train. The Government, through somo untranspired dis- covery, has closed the Colonial Storekeeper's Depart- ment, suspended all officers, and placed them under charge of-rhe police. Tully, of Newcastle, ha3 stopped payment, it is said for £40,000. A vote of thanks has been carried to the late Speaker. It is announced that payments under the Assess- ment Act will be enforced from defaulters. The Chief Justice goes home by the Saberte. The consequent arrangements arc not yet promulgated, but it is still understood that Dickinson will act as Chief and Wise a« third Judge. Sydney, February 2. Ali manner of ugly rumours are abroad as to the cau-e of the closing of the Storekeeper's office. There is great excitement as to the progress of the Intercolonial Match. The telegraph an I newspaper offices are besieged. It is reported that Paueett will be Attorney Gene.-il on the accession of Wise to a Judgeship. Sydney, February 3. The result of the discussion by the Assembly on the question ol telegraphic communication with Europe has been a resolution recommending a subsidy of £25,000 per annum for 21 years, on condition that the line be kept in working order, that the con cucrence of Hie colony be requisite in establishing the tanti* of charges, and that the subsidy shall cease when the telegraph is paying a profit of IO per cem. Attorney-General Wica has been raised to the Bench. Mr. Fawcett is the new Attorney-General, which involves another election for East Sydney. Heavy rain last night. A very warm day. Sydney, February 6. Everybody is disgusted at the result of the cricket match. Lucas returned for Canterbury, nearly three to one. Tv.o small "houses at the corner of George-street were burned yesterday morning, and but for the volunteer fire companies the fire would have spi ead fart lier. It is reported that several Europeans at Port St. Vincent, New Caledonia, have been massacred by the native3. A dinner is given to Sir Daniel Cooper this evening. Sydney, February 7. The Chamber of Commerce* have refused to re- commend ths subsiding of the Suez line, on the ground that it is better to leave it to the southern colonies, while we, with New Zealand and Queens- land, subsidise the Panama route. The Premier has given notice that he intends to introduce a general Land Bill, and one for the taxa- tion of land. TASMANIA. We find but little of more than local interest. SroRTixG EXTRAORDINARY.-A kangaroo hunt of an exciting nature took place on Tuesday. As Page's up-coach, loaded with passengers, was coming through Epping Forest, a kangaroo was spied quietly feeding by the side of the road. Poor "Joey," alarmed by the noiie made by the coach, tried to escape into the forest, but being Btopped by a high fence, ho bounded forward. At this moment a " sporting gent " on the coach gave the " tally-ho," the passengers joined in chorus, the coachmen cracked his whip, a little dog on the vehicle "gave tongue" most gloriously, away flew the horses, and away bounded poor "Joey," flying for his very life. The chase continued for some distance, and then the kangaroo changed his tactics. Crossing to the other? side of the road, he again at- tempted to take to the bush, but again he was stopped by a high fence." Once more the "tally-ho" was raised-once more the noisy pack yelled forth in chorus,and once more "Joey" bounded on at the top of his speed, closely pursued by his tormentors, until spying an opening in the fence, the bewildered creature attempted to get through, but stuck fast, aud was caught in a trap. The coach stopped-some of the passengers got down-poor " Joey " was caught alive and borne tar from his native wilds safely into Launceston. It is rather singular that in the morning of the same day another kangaroo was taken from a snare near the same spot by the passengers in the down coach, and conveyed to Hobart Town.-Laun- ceston Examiner. TEIEGBAMS. Hobart Town, February 3. The opening of the Midland Compray's new quartz-crushing machinery took place on Wednesday, at Fingall, in the presence of the Governor, to whom an address was presented. _The reply was hopeful. Hundreds of persons were present, including cabinet ministers, members of Parliament, «te. Whole affair went off with the greatest eclat. The.machinery of the Quartz-Crushing Company reached Fingall yes terdav. The Governor is expected back to-day. New wheat sold at 8s. Gd. per bushel, only two or three lota yet come in. Flour firm at £20. Bran, ]s. 5d. Timber and wool unchanged, dull. The Eleven were chosen la3t night for. the cricket match between South and North, nextj, Thursday. The general opinion is, that the best Eleven are not picked. Great dissatisfaction is expressed at the matter being left to the last moment. Betting is heavy against the South. Hobart Town, February 6. The Maggie Laurie won the yacht race. A Masonic Rifle Corps has been formed, and nearly 100 members are enrolled. The North and South Cricket Match progresses i very sluggisldy. QUEENSLAND. The following is an extract from the letter of the correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald, dated Brisbane, January 27th :- ' The last number of the Queensland Government j Gazette contains a notification appointing the Sur veyoi -General, Mr. Gregory, Chief Commissioner of Crown Lands. Major Edward Burrows, who' has liad charge of the Survey Department here for some years, baa been appointed Deputy Surveyor-General. Mr. W. J. Brown is to be Sub-Collector "of Customs at Rockhampton. The Executive Council had ap- proved of a minnie, submitted by tbe Governor, re- commending a system of competitive examinations for the civil service, and fixing a time and place for tlie examination of applicants. NEW ZEALAND. The' Otago (Fitness in its summary for England, gives the following account of that province : "Daring the past year there lias been an addition to our population of 1,523 souls ; and our present population is now probably 8,700. " Our financial affairs are still in a most satisfactory state-indeed, we might say in too satisfactory a state ; the want of labour preventing the expenditure of the public funds, allowing them to accumulate and he idle in the provincial chest. We learn that the Otago debentures were sold in London at 9 per cent, premium. The rapid increase of the Customs revenue is shown by a return published in our pre- sent issue; and the advance in the land revenue is fur greater. By comparing the quarter's statement of land revenue, ending the 31st December, 1858, and the corresponding quarter of 1859, we find that deposits on rural lands alone had increased from £12,051 to £21,115, a rate which will give a revenue for the year from this source alono of £84,000. The receipts on pasturage licences and assessment, from one quarter to the corresponding quarter, have risen from £161 to £-168. This, although not intended as a source of revenue, is a certaîn index of the increase of the flocks and herds of the community, and of the amount of country stocked and occupied." With reference to the province of Auckland, the Southern Cross remarks-" It is becoming more and more serious. Not only are the Government in diffi- culty, but they have dragged others into difficulty with them. The interest, it adds, upon the Provincial Debentures has narrowly escaped not being paid ; but for timely assistance, the credit of the province gone here long since-would have been utterly for- feited in the adjoining colonies. We are informed, on what we consider sufficient authority, that the General Government have stepped in, and bolstered up the credit of the Provincial Government, through some very complicated transactions, which are difficult to understand, even when related in detail. Of these, we shall presently know more ; meanwhile it is un- necessary for us to express our own opinion on the sub- ject. It would have been better to hava let things come to the worst, in order that they should rig' themselves the sooner." The same papers says there lias been a long and excessive drought, which had parched up the laud. The wells are also failing, oue after the other, aud it is said that the river has not been so low as it is now for eleven years past. Bush-fires up the country are con- tinuous, the ash of a tobacco-pipe being sufficient to j set all io a blaze. What the stock-keepers are to do I for feed, unless rain should fall, we kow not, neither do they. The military haye had to purchase waid* for the use of the barracks, and it is proposed lo encamp the men on the borders of the lake on the right side of the Tamala roid, that they may havo some chance of supplies till rain comes. 