THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1860. The Legislative Council inet yesterday at the lusual hour, and after the transaction of some ¡preliminary business of an unimportant character ¡the Uouso went into Committee upon the Real Property Bill introduced by Mr, Coppin. Tho clauses and schedules, excepting only the ¡formal sections and the preamble, wore passed without alteration, and the Chairman obtained leave to sit again that day week. The Education Bill was then committed, aud [the various douses up to tho 25th were discussed. (Several amendments, chiefly of a verbal nature, j Lere passed, and the remaining business having ! |beon postponed, the House adjourned to the foi- ' lowing (this) day. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. HUMFFRAY brought up a progress report j of tho Elections and Qualifications Committee, is reference to the petition against tho return of I Mr. Reid. The Committee reported that they could not entertain an objection raised by the ' Utting member, that the sum of £100 had not | Leen paid into ,thc bank to the credit of tho J Speaker until a day after that on which the pe- tition was presented. Mr. KEEFEU moved that tho order referring I [the petition to the Committee be rescinded, on ¡tho ground that tlio petitioner had not complied i with the requirements of tho Act. An amendment, moved by Mr. SNODGRASS, to ! refer the report back to the Committee, with in- ' structions to proceed with the inquiry, evoked a . lengthy discussion, participated in by 14 or 15 j ¡members. Eventually tbo motion was unga- í ti ved, and Mr. Snodgrass's amendment was also lost. t Another amendment, to refer the report back to the Committee, «¡tit certain instructions, was j proposed by Mr. KEBFJSE, to which Mr. WOODS ' moved the previous question. Mr. Reefer's me tiou was carried. The notices of motion having been disposed of, Mr. WOOD obtained leave to bring in a Bill to «mend the law regarding responsible Minister« of I the Crown. The Bill was ordered to bo read a l second time that day fortnight. Tho Houso having- gone into a Committee a! ¡' Supply, tho salary of the Sheriff at Geelong wtö L reduced from ¡£800 to £700. An attempt ti lessen tho amount on tho Estimates for t\i i eiilary of tho Doputy-Shoriff for Castlemaine aul Sandhurst hy £100 was defeated. Upon Mr. M'OuLioon moving tho item for salaries to the eight County Judges (£10,500), Mr. IRELAND proposed tho addition of ai amount of £2,400 for travelling expenses. The proposed increase was strenuously oppose 1 by Mr. GRAY, who argued that there wore many as able practitioners in Temple-court, whoso Li- cornes wore much smaller, and that it was ai / error to suppose that it was impossible to obtain the efficient performance of tho duties of jud^jj at a lower cost than that proposed. Tho suggested addition was Bupportod by Mi I M'CULLOCH, who informod the Houso thV.j j although the Government were goneially di-,- ' j oscd to ndhero to tho Estimâtes which lind boen j di awn up by thoir predecessors, they were ready i to accede to such recommendations as thoy coa- j ceived wero judicious. After a longthy debato, tho iiom was passoi ] as it appeared on tho Estimates, j The salaries for tlio Pohco'Magistrates wow passed, niter a protracted discussion, without alteration. j The Houso thon resumed, and soon after al- j journed till tho following (this) day. I The manner ia which the literary requirements of the country have baoa administered to by the Government U open to many grave objections. In tha first place, it is absolutely impossible, in the present oircumstanoes of tin colony, and with the means at the dis- posal of Ministers, to do anything which can even approximately reach Mi. I BAILEY'S ambition. The object ot' i the Government, in the words of th ib i gentleman, are to establish free libraries ¡ in the country of the same character ¡is ' Melbourne Publio Library. In relation . to this magnificent purpose, it is ludí- i cious to hear that the sum of £2,090 has been voted for the purchase of books, j of which not more than £300 aro to bj paid to any one library. This proposition, we suppose, is to b i i taken as the alternative to that other , notable project, of circulating the books ¡ of the Melbourne Library among th i inhabitants of the country districts; ! and, preposterous as such a course \ would have been, looking to the inti- j rests either of the. books or of ther ¡ readers, the substituted plan is about . equally impracticable. What sort of library is it that the- Government pro- pose to form for £300 ? Evidently j tnere is no great opinion of the literary | iistes of our rural population, living inside or outside a rush, when it is I thought that they are to be so cheaply 1 provided for. ' We havo no sympathy with those who grudge the location of one groit national library in Melbourne, or who would scatter its treasures over all the colony. To havo any value, the library should be fixed in Melbourne, and it is here only that it is of use to the colony generally. The country towns have no right to grumble at such a dis- tinction being conferred on the m3 tropolis. The library, to havo any national character, must bo scttlo 1 somewhere, and it can be nowhoro so well as at Melbourne. We havo njt heard that Manchester or Bristol enn plains that the British Museum Library is confined to London, or that theEnglish provinces have anyfeclingin regard to the metropolitan establishment, except one of unmingled pride at the finest collec- tion of books, in the finest order, that the world has seen. A plan far preferable to the one adopted by our Government in regard to the country libraries is that which lias been instituted at home, under Mr. EWART'S Act, of 1855. According to this, every municipal borough or parish whose population exceeds ,5,000 persona may, by a voto of two-thirds of all ratepayers present at a publio meet- ing called for such purpose, lovy on itself a library rate, not exceed- ing one penny in tho pound on the value of assessable property withiu its bounds. This rate may bo applied wholly to the establishment of a library, or in part to a museum, the manage- ment of which is vested in the looal counoil or vestry. Under this most palutary statute, a largo number of the foremost country towns in England havo imposed on themselves the library rate, and in almost all oases it has been found '?hat the passing of the library rate ha? proved a stimulus to privato liberality. The principle of Mr. E WART'S AC i might be advantageously adopted in this colony, instead of direct assistance boinc given by the State to the formation of country libraries. Any contribution, which the State can make for this pur- pose would be inadequate to secure for the country towns even the smallest benefit from public libraries, and would rnly have the efiect of deadening the s-pirit of local action, and shutting( up the springs of individual munifi- cence. In these things, it is getting very much the fashion to expect everything to bo done by the Go- ¡ vcrnment; and we may look very j shortly for that climax foretold by j SYDNEY SMITH, when the suckling of I infants shall bo reduced to a function of I 1 he Slate. Tho country members seem | to regard nothing but the interests of their own particular localities ; and vri shall havo some difficulty in finding, ia that motley assemblage who nightly j vote away the people's money, any wh) ! may bo considered representatives of' Victoria. I . There aro few undertakings, other than those of a purely charitable nature, which are not obnoxious to the sus- picion of having originated in a selfish motive, and of-being prosecuted with a. selfish object. Even in those cai3i where no material advantage can b3 shown to accrue to the projectors and conductors of an enterprise, a rigil analysis of their springs of aotion will enable the cynical critic to discover that personal vanity or a love of noto- riety has largely influenced the eon duct of men ¡who enjoy the reputa- tion of being actuated by higher con- siderations, _,a,nd of bfiiug inspired by philanthropy or public spiri fc. ' B.ifc no such imputations can be fastened on those by whose zeal and liberality the ! project of exploring the interior of this continent has reaohed the present.ma- turo stage of its existence. The schema owed its inception to an act of rare generosity-the offer, upon certain con- ditions, of £1,000 by a donor who has persistently maintained his anonymity. The value of so munificent a gift was enhanced by tho oircumstanccs under which it was offered. It was not prompted by the ostentation of opu- lence, nor by the thirst for distinc- tion. It was not to bo applied in furtherance of an enterprise whioh held out, though ever so remotely, the promise of reproductivencss; norisitpo3 siblo that, in any event, the colony itsoli can derive any exclusive advantages from any discoveries, howFoever valu- able, whioh may hereafter be made in the centre of Australia. The limits of our own territory are strictly defined, for wo are " put into circumscription and con " fine" by our neighbours, who are not debarred from pushing their outposts further north and west, if the conteui plated expedition should succeed in dis- covering tracts of country in those direc- tions available for occupation. Victoria has littlo or nothing to gain by this exploration. She" incurs the cost, tho labours, and the perils of tho enter- prise, and moro than atones for tor past inactivity in this matter by the energy and the liberality with which Govern- ment and people have responded to the appeal made by an anonymous citizen. And while acknowledging his modest merit, a wann tribute of praiso must be paid to the persevering efforts of the Exploration Fund Committee, by whoso instrumentality the stipulated £2,000 has been raised during a period of severe commercial depression, and at a time when a succession of heavy calami- ties-such as the bush-fires in South Australia, the great conflagration in North Melbourne, and the wreck of the .Admolla- demanded and received allo viation from the bounty of the public. Those who subscribed to the Explora- tion Fund-and in many instances the individual donations were considerable in amount-will have the gratification, we hope, of witnessing the accom- plishment of great results by thó agency of their subscriptions, of the «£1,000 they have boen the moana of securing, and of the £6,000 voted "by the Legislature for the objeofc indicated. Now, if ever, wo may hope for the solution of one of the vory few geographical problemswhich remain to be solved. Now, if ever, we may an itioipatc the removal of that voil of mystery whioh shrouds the interior of this land .of anomalies. Now, if over, we shall asoortain whether it consists of " antres vast and deserts idle," and 'whether tho accepted notion of ibs 'sterility and savage desolation is not as [erroneous as the popular conceptions of Central Africa, which have been dissipated by BARTH and LIVINGSTONS. The spirit of adventure can reooivo no stronger stimulus than that whioh it may obtain from the prospeot of investigating the secrets whioh Na- ture has hitherto hidden in tho heart of Australia. Nowhere else upon the solid surfuuo of the globe can imagination find such free play, or romance indulgí in such fantasies, without the risk of being confronted with and rebuked by facts. If another HARRINGTON should desire to establish another Oceana, or another BAroNwish to plant a new Atlan- tis, he wouldfind no vacant spotupon the map of the world of sufficient magni- tude to admit of the probable isolation of his community, except within tha borders of our own continent. What ranges of mountains may emboss ibi central regions, what lakes and in- land rivors may reflect the dazzling lustio of the tropical heavens, what sinuous rivers may fertilise its valleys, what forests may darken its surface, .what now forms of animal and vegetable [life may present themselves to the ob- servation of the explorers, what mines of mineral wealth may await develop- ment, what new phenomena in geology may ho exhibited for our instruofcion'or perplexity, and what fresh diversities of the human family may be encountored in those mysterious regions, aro mattera of vaguo conjecture and incentives to advonture. All our hypotheses may bo at fault, and evory one of our foregone conclusions overthrown. We may bo on the eve of discoveries moro startling than any we have yet made, or wo may be absolutely certified of the existcnoe of a central desert, and enabled to define with accuracy its position and ox tent. In any case, the gain to soionoo will be considerable, and the domain of geographical knowledge greatly ex- panded. The joint Committees entrusted with the administration of the Exploration Fund have now to commence the per- formance of an arduous duty, and one whioh will demand the exercise of no ordinary sagacity, foresight, prudence, and discrimination. They will have to select as explorers men combining varied and peculiar qualifications; to prescribe the best starting-point, and the most eligible route; to omit no precaution calculated to diminish the perils and facilitate the objeots of the expedition ; to discuss multitu- dinous points of detail, to foresee and provide for a wide range of con- tingencies, and so to husband the finances of the undertaking as that, ¡while no waste is permissible, nothing [which can add to the health, protect the safety, and promote the efficiency of all persons engaged in the enterprise, shall bo omitted or withheld. That the joint ¡Committees will succeed in accomplish Sng all that is expected of them by the >ublic, or all that the members them- selves may desire to achieve, is not pro- bable, seeing the novelty and difficulty of the task they have undertaken, but the subscribers to the fund, the anony- mous donor, and the Government, will have reason to be satisfied if the same ¡seal, earnestness, and diligence are dis- played in tho administration whioh woro exhibited in the collection of the ¿pro- portion contributed by the public The Legislatite Council contrives to got ¡iirough a largo amount of »ork. .Yesterday 10 »vntlemcn, In the space of about an nour and a half, jarried through Committee a Bill of MG ciaunoi, uid «¡th 10 schedules annexed, which will, if,it becomes an enactment, revolutionise tlio law of tal property. Tho measure wa« tlio Real I'ro pcrty Act introduced by Mr. Coppin. The whole of the provisions, with tho exception of the in tevpietation clauses, were agreed to without discussion, and with no other than verbal amend- ments. One feature in connection with this Bill is noticeable-the wholo of the "legal gentlemen" members of the House were absont 1 Mr. Fel- lows had several Bills bearing on tho same sub- ject standing in his namo, and taking precedence of that of Mr. Coppin, but not appearing in his placo, out of courtesy to the Government they were postponed until after the general businesi hod,been disposed of. First underjtho head of "general business" wns anotico by Mr. Bennett, asking leave to introduce a Bill to "simplify tho transfer of real proporty," but ho was absont also, as likowiso Mr. ¿.'Beckett. By theso for- tuitous accidents Mr. Coppin succeeded in getting his Bill into Committee, and Mr. Fel- lows shortly afterwards took his seat, but took no apparent interest in the progress of tho Bill. The business at tho District Court yestorday morning wns remarkably light. A fow sum- monses for deb woro all that carno before tho Bench, nnd the Court adjourned at a fow minutes past noon, having sat just ono hour. Tho St. Kilda Municipal Council held its usual weekly meeting yesterday ovoning, tho lion. Alox. Fraser, M.L.C., in the chair. Amongst the other business transacted was a lengthened disoussion on tho application of tho local De-" bating Club for tho uso of tho Court-houso for. their weekly mootings, and after somo show oi opposition, the request was acceded to. At tin closo of tho ovoning the Council liberally granted -tho sum of 50 guineas in aid of carrying out tho objects of the Ladies' Benevolent Society of thj district. It is understood in cricketing circles that tho final selection of tho Eleven to play in tho Inter- colonial Match will bo modo this afternoon. On Friday tho choson ones will play sixteen, to bo named by Mr, 0. F. Cameron. Tho wickots will bo pitched punctually at 1 p.m. to-morrow, on the Melbourne ground, and tho gamo will bo re- sumed on Saturday. The names of the sixtoon are Stewart, Conway, S. Costiok, V. Brown, Ryder, Patterson, Cameron, Wardell, Glen, Mor- timer, Gillow, Bradshaw, Brodio, T. Hamilton, Bruce, and Jacomb. Should tho threo hitter bo choson for the Victorian Blovon, their places in the sixteen will bo taken "by Kidson, Pnttoson, and Crawley. The Elections Qualifications Committee met yesterday, to consider the petition preforrod by Dr. Kowo against tho return of Mr. Reid for tho Murray Boroughs. As will bo seen from the Parliamentary report, tho Committeo referred a question as to their jurisdiction to tho House, which decided that tho Committeo had power to ontoi tail! itn objection (the non-paymont of tho deposit) rolicd on by tho counsel for tho sitting member, Mr. Higinbothnin, Tho sitting will bo resumed this morning. We are informed that a quantity of iron-ore, the produce of some recently- discovered iron fields at Bendigo, is to be smelted on Friday next at Mr. Chambers's Smelting Works, Prahran. An extraordinary oaso was brought before the City Bench yestorday, in which threo noted " mugsmen" named Joseph Montaguo, Edward Donnelly, and Richard Croskin, were charged, I under tho Vagrant Act, with swindling a German digger, immod Fronte, of JE208. A species of gambling gomo allied to rouge et noir was the medium employed, of which tho prosecutor was made the dupo. Tho Bench Anally de- cided on committing the prisoners for obtaining money under false pretences, under tho Unlawfu' önnnng Act. Tho Fitzroy Municipal Council met as usual last evening. All the Councillors wcro present. Tenders w ero ordered to be called for tho korb ing and channelling of Westgartli-strect,T>n both sides, fiom Nicholson-street to Napior-streat. The consideration of tho question of forming ' and metalling Brunswick-street was postponed for a fortnight. The Council ordered that a copy of tho Ratepayers' Lht should be hung up i in the lobby of the Council Chamber, for public inspection, until G p.m. on tho 31st inst., and that a meeting of tho Council bo hold at half post C on tho samo evening, to hear objootions and finally settle and revise tho roll. A draft | by-law, for tho regulation of public carriers, carters, and drivers of public and privato ve- hicles, was considered, and ordered to Ho on tho table. A by-law, for licensing hawkers of vege- table produco and firewood, was adopted, on tho motion of Councillor Edwards. Sovoral motions, of little public interest, were discussed, and the Council adjourned. It has seldom boon our duty to record the details of a moro horriblo and cold- blooded crime than that jtiBt brought to ligltt, through tho in ttriimcntulity of tho detoctivo police, at Caster- ton, in the Portland district, and which was per- petrated so far back as May, 1858. The follow- ing aro tho circumstances of the cuso :-A man named Robert Hunt, with his wife, resided in the abovo locality, where they owned n piece of land, which Hunt disposed of to n neighbour named George Waincs for tho sum of £130, pay- able in a bill due in B'IX months. About a month prior to the dato of tho bill being rcturn alle Mr. nnd Mrs. Hunt suddenly disap- peared from their homo, mid wcro never after been nlivo. Their acquaintances took it for granted that they had left for ono of tho neighbouring colonies, as, botii being of inofFon fiive habits, no suspicion of foul play existed nt tlio timo in tho neighbourhood. Tho man Whines took possession of the farm, and tho whole afT.iir j cmaiucd uuinquircd into till May, 1859, who», \ orious rumours of tlio missing persons having I ccn foully dealt with renclnng the ears of the 1 olicc, strict inquiries wereniado into tho matter, . not only in tho locality in which tlio partios ro flided, but UIBO in Sydney, Adelaide, and Tas "n'anin; but not the slightest clue could bo ob tniucd of Mr. and Mrs. Hunt. Tlio matter was subsequently placed in the hand» of tho Super- intendent of Detective Police, who despatched a shrewd constable to tho locality in October last, v.'.tli instructions to obtain employment in tho neighbourhood, which ho succcoded in; hut, allhougli with unwearied patience and zeal ho vi oi mod himself into the companionship of all the parties who were behoved to know anything ni the mutter, nothing tangible could bo elicited. Ultimately somo intelligence having been gleano 1 which warranted decisivo action being taken, tha ninti Waincs was arrested by tho police there, and again brought in contact with tho detoctire, of M lioso real character he remained in profound ignorance, and finding thnt renewed exertions were being made with tho aid of blackfellows to find tho bodies, urged on by his own fears, ho cimmunicntcd to the detective tha ho alone liad murdered Hunt and his wife, and destroyed tin bodies, with tho exception of a small parcel' Containing some human remains, which ho hil secreted in a spot which he minutely described to his conlidant, and urged him with liboral promises ti destroy this ovidenco of his guilt. The fol- lowing morning the search was renewed, and in the spot indicated all that remained of tlio un- fortunate man Hunt und his wife was discovered. No sooner was the fact made known to Waínoi i than his hitherto cool and defiant demeanour cu- ti iel v forsook him, and he hUortly afterwards con- fessed tho dreadful secret that he alono had boon ir simmental in destroying tho man Hunt and his wife In tho houso occupied by Wainos tho police found several articles tho property of tho murdered man and liis wifo. While congratulat- ing tho public on having such a bloodthirsty scoundrel brought within the palo of retributivo justice, wo cannot too strongly.commend the de tectivo police for tho nimmer in which tlio nutter has so successfully terminated; and although. not in possession of all the facts of the case, we aro led to oonoludo that moro than ordinary ability was, required to unravel this mysterious murder. The Church of England Assembly resumed i'» Bitting yestorday aftornoon ia St p:ui. Schoolroom, tb.0 lord Bishop of Melbourne ¡» tho chair. Tho proceedings, which lasted W hours, consisted mainly in the discussion in Comimttco of tho two clauses of tho R» S. I, Chase's Bill, authorising i" certain ^ tliciemoval of incumbents from their dioceseT The Bill was considerably altered, aud b its amended stato was ordered to bo i a third time on Friday next. A Commits ££ appointed to inquire into tho stato of 'ihl Galong Grammar School, which was stated lobs onoumbered with a heavy debt, for which t£ late Mr. Pitcher (who was lost m fe j£ Ohm ter) was in part liable as one of the tram« Wo aro compelled to hold over our ZÄ: jiroccedings. The Assembly will resumo its s ii ling at the usual hour to-day. "IlTrovatore" was performed last night at the Theatre Royal. His Excellency the ¿' vernor and Major-Goneral pratt and ,»U, v. fro present. The house was well al tended, especially in tho dross-circle, and tho opora appeared to give general satisfaction Th« gip^sy chorus, at the opening of tho second act was somewhat marred by a slight indecision la the timo, which han been noticéablo on mors than one occasion. Signora Bianchi was partiou lsrly successful in horfirst aria, "Taco la'notte " und again in tho fourth act, in which horirùiiûir and acting completely rivetted tho attentions tho audience. Signor Bianchi modo hu chief effort in tho "Ah, si ben mio," which is do. sorvedly becoming moro appreciated than the aria immediately following, "Di gudla pira;" although the encore is gonorally awarded to tho latter Tho fourth act was remarkable chiefly for th« intonso oxprossion which the Signora throws int* evory passago, aud in which sho must certeinlr ho admitted to oxcol any artiste we IHVB yothad the advantage of hearing in Melbourne; It is to tho fact that wo havo at prosont % gonuino interpretation of the Italian school of musio that wo aro disposed to attach a spooul importance, and for this interpretation wo ars (unquestionably indobted to tho Bianchis, 