News and Notes. The first day of the new year was kept with all the characteristics which distinguish a general holiday. The shops were closed, business suspended, and from the houses of many of our citizens, principally on the Main Road flags and banners fluttered gaily in the breeze. The day was excessively fine; every sort of vehicle was brought into requisition by those who determined to make an "out" of it; and from an early hour in the morning the streets were thronged by crowds of pedes- trians who were on pleasure bent, either wending their way to the sports at the Copenhagen Grounds, to Bur- rumbeet, or Lal Lal. Young sprigs of gentility donned their best Sunday suits, and with cheroot in mouth, and prospective partners by their side, they rusticated amongst the lonely vales and shady slopes of the outskirts of the town, or pic nicked it in the more remote solitudes of the bush, where "musing melancholy ever reigns." The banks, the police courts, and the counter were deserted, and all Ballarat, not the town, but the people, gave themselves up to amuse- ments and enjoyment of some sort or other. On the Cricket Ground a skittle match fox £25 aside came off between John Phelps and Thomas Christopher. The number of chalks was 15, and the contest a very close one. Twice were the players 14 chalks each, and the last time Phelps came off the winner by one chalk. Both players are capital hands at this game, and are, we were in- formed, willing to match themselves against any players in town. Cricke had also its favorites, and a few matches came off on the ground. Quoits were also brought into requisition, and a variety of other sports indulged in. At the Turf hotel, on the Creswick road, a "rattling" race for a bridle and saddle was "confidently" an- nounced ; four or five horses were even entered for the "event," but, up to 4 o'clock they failed to put in an ap- pearance, and the landlord betook him to the sports at the great centre of all attraction-the Copenhagen Grounds. Yesterday evening, a disgraceful fight took place at the Scandinavian hotel, on the Main Road, the pugilists standing in the relationship of brothers- in- law to each other. One individual who attempted to separate them, as is usually the case, got well pummelled about the face, and a large Newfound- land dog felt disposed to join in the fray, and bit one of the combatants in the hand and thigh. The landlord at length took one of them in his arms, and after some difficulty, succeeded in placing him outside the door. As the Police Court did not sit yesterday, Mr Clissold went to the lock-up and discharged the drunken and disorderly characters confined therein. A man named Eastwood had two £1 notes extracted from his pocket when witnessing the Caledonian games yes- terday. Yesterday afternoon a man who is a member of the Allied Army Mining Company, but whose name we for the present decline to publish, was given in charge for stealing from the person of Mr Potts, who resides on Soldier's Hill, £50 in notes. The evidence against the prisoner is of so slight a nature that he was admitted to bail last night. The Sunday-school children con- nected with the Congregational Church, Sturt street, had their annual pic nic on Monday. Some seventy or eighty scholars assembled at the church in the morning, and proceeded under the superintendance of the teachers to the neighborhood of Mopoke Gully, where they indulged in divers recreations, and were regaled with buns and cakes. The fete was over by four or five o'clock, and the children having reached the Camp, on their way home, were there disbanded. We hear that one little boy named O'Brien was lost, but whether found or not yet we do not know. Whether found or not, the teachers, who were responsible for the safe custody of the children, ought to have prevented the loss by a proper muster of the juveniles before starting home. A child about two years of age, whose parents reside at Cockatoo, died yes- terday from the effects of a pot of hot coffee that fell on it a few days ago. An inquest will be held on the body this day. We hear that the Independent claim, Inkermann, was swamped again last week, and that on Saturday there was 70 feet of water in the shaft. This makes the fourth or fifth time this claim has been swamped out. The ground has been yielding very well lately, and the swamping out is therefore all the more vexatious, although the more easily borne in another sense. The election for Evelyn has resulted in the return of Mr W. M. Bell by a majority of 63 over Mr Jones, of 104 over Mr Capper, and 148 over Mr Shaw. The official declaration of the poll will be made at Eltham to-morrow, at noon. About eight o clock yesterday even- ing an individual in an advanced state of intoxication, who was propped up on either side by two friends, felt a sudden itch for a fight, and in order to inaugurate the "sport," he kicked a man in the abdomen, who was quietly walking on the footway. The result was that the blow was returned, and a melee ensued, in which the friends of both parties joined. The combatants fought on the footway for some time, until they reached the Shakspeare hotel, into which they forced their way and caused considerable confusion on the premises. Some police con- stables at this stage of the proceedings interfered, and got a good mauling, one of them having his hat broken. Ulti- mately they succeeded in taking three or four of the pugilists tnto custody, and lodged them safely in the lock-up. We (Geelong Advertiser) are in- formed that the Smythesdale and Brown's Gold Mining Company, pro- jected by our townsman, Mr W. R. Smith, has disposed of 300 out of the 400 £10 shares of which its capital stock consists. The shares have been taken up in Geelong almost exclusively. We know nothing whatever about the constitution or prospects of the com- pany. At half-past two o'clock yesterday the "Big Coach" made its appearance in front of Bath's Hotel, with sixteen roadsters attached thereto, and driven by the well known Jehu, Shepherd. The interior was quite full with ladies, and the gentlemen occupied the out- side of the vehicle. Mr Smith, of the Red Hill Photographic Rooms took a splendid photograph of the mammoth coach and its load, after which it drove up Lydiard, Mair, and Raglan streets, and when near the Hospital eight of the horses were unyoked, and it pro- ceeded to the Copenhagen Grounds where it deposited its living freight. The Geelong Advertiser, in announ- cing the permanent settlement in Gee- long of Mr Pridham, the barrister, states that the law business of this district has heretofore been transacted exclusively by resident attorneys said by barristers on circuit. All cases for opinion have of necessity been remitted to Melbourne, and the practitioners in our local courts have belonged to one branch of the profession only. The public would do well to bear in mind that the letter-box at the Post Office, for the despatch of the Geelong and Melbourne mail, closes now at half-past five o'clock in the afternoon. During the last few days a bushfire has been raging in the vicinity of the Springs. The new year's festivities in Mel- bourne have been kept up to the utter exclusion of all business. We leant by telegram from our correspondent that the brilliant weather and the pleasant south-east, breeze had the effect of making an immense number of persons patronise the excursion trains to Brighton and Sunbury; the improvements in the management of the ticket department were very marked, as no crushing or other disorder took place such as characterised the Christmas week. The excursion steamers and other boats in Hobson's Bay were also crowded with pleasure parties. Nearly all the shops were closed, and those which remained open did no business. There was a grand parade of the Volunteer Riflemen early in the morning, near Prince's Bridge: there was a muster of several hun- dred, and they went through the exercise in capital style. The Argus reports that more than 2000 persons were present at the Botanic Gardens in the afternoon of Saturday last, on the occasion of a concert being given for the benefit of the Melbourne Lying-in Hospital. The entertainments were very successful, though their effect was somewha qualified by the evident disadvantage at which the vocalists were placed by performing in the open air. £117 16s was taken at the gates. About eight o'clock on Sunday evening, says the Argus, an alarm of fire was given by tolling the Town Hall bell. On inquiry it appeared that a chimney belonging to a house in La Trobe street had caught fire, but the flames were extinguished before the United Insurance Brigade could arrive at the spot in question. The Argus states that Cremorne Gardens were very numerously at- tended on Saturday night. During the performance of the pantomime one of the Lee children had her dress accidentally ignited by some of the fire used for producing the stage effects in the transformation scene. Madame Lee, with great presence of mind, rushed across the stage and promptly extinguished the flame with her hands. The painful sensation raised in the breasts of the audience was thus allayed. The little girl was slightly burned, but we are glad to learn not dangerously so. The greatest care should be used to guard against the recurrence of this class of accidents, the danger of which is only too fre- quent, and the consequences of which it would be harrowing to contemplate. The Court of Mines will not sit here to-day, as announced at the last sitting of the Court, his Honor Acting Judge Chapman having decided upon opening the Court of Mines at Smythesdale instead. It is a source of no little gratifica- tion, says the Argus, to us to learn that the Major-General commanding the forces, has expressed his unquali- fied satisfaction at the results of the training the Volunteers have been subjected to during the past few months -they having arrived, he considers, at a very efficient state of discipline. Though but a short time in being, the rifle companies which now exist in most of the various suburban districts go through their exercise and man- oeuvres with a readiness and precision which would reflect credit on soldiers of long experience. The same praise may be awarded to the artillery, whose more protracted career, how- ever, has given them an advantage over their grey-clad comrades. But gratifying as this state of efficiency is it cannot but be a matter of deep regret that the volunteer movement, so far as the bringing of recruits to its ranks is concerned, has not proved more suc- cessful. Another correspondent of the Argus, writing about the diseases of poultry, says- "In Williamstown, about a year and a half ago, above 50 of my fowls died in the space of a week, and at the same time those of a lady neighbor of mine were perfectly healthy. By the prescription of my neighbor I chopped up some garlic, and administered it to each of my remaining fowls, as their combs assumed a blue appearance, and a partial lassitude was apparent. I lost no more. I also saved a turkey-hen when apparently at the last ?breath by forcing down its throat some strong onion chopped up, and repeated the dose two or three times. The disease seldom attacks fowls in the winter, and I think this is attributable to their greater facility of procuring worms, and, perhaps, if meat food be occa- sionally supplied them in summer, it will tend to prevent the disease attack- ing them. If it does visit them, let the above simple remedy be tried." We learn from the Herald that the admirers of trotting races have issued a programme for a day's sport on the Melbourne racecourse, on the 21st inst. There will be a race in harness for 100 sovs, with a sweepstakes of 10 sovs, to be contended for by horses driven in buggies, and two trotting races under saddle. This novel description of amusement will doubtless create a great deal of interest. A match was made on Saturday for £200 a side, between Robin Hood and Mr English's Tommy, to trot over two miles of the Geelong course within eight weeks of the pre- sent date. 