His Honor Judge Rogers intimated yesterday that be would adjourn the County Court on the 9th instant for six days, daring which rime it was probable the Circuit Court business would be disposed of. At the Eastern Police Court yester day, the evil effects of intemperance were strikingly illustrated in the person of a powerfully developed man, much abo ve the ordinary size, who was found on the previous night by the police in a state of insensibility "in the street. The medical gentleman who attended the unfortunate man said that his pulse was quite gone, and he was in such a state that it was deemed neces sary to call in the aid of a second medical gentleman, and had he re mained for a short time longer before being ' discovered by the police, he would inevitably have died. The Western Council have now received models for the proposed Town Hall, some of which are unique have not heard whether the Council intend to exhibit them to public We' publish ia another 'column a letter from Mr Cathie, in explanation: of his conduct with reference to Mr Edward'« application, which was al luded ^to bys pur Melbourne'correspon dents yesterday's issue. MrCathie's explanation is candid and -straightfor ward, and sufficiently acquits tim of allblamfe in the affair; OS, according to his statement, the only fault that can. be attributed to him is that of. having placed too much confidence in the <word of another honorable member of ihe Assembly; We learn from theyige that a new sporting journal is to inake its -appear ance on Saturday. - It is to emanate from the Punch offiee. view. DietDss anO quotes A- meeting of the ratepayers of Bal Bast favorable "t6 thi» return of ;Mr Henry Daviestothe Municipal Council wfll 1» jbj^d" ini; tWNorth Grant Hotel, at aglit o'ctoek this evening. Mr Casey, Road'flotel. vmtes to us correcting -our report that his losses in the late fire amounted to £5GQ jrhe says theyare over £70 and under j£l00. The 1,1 ' probably originated in 'taking'the sum -for which Mr. Casey was insured--£500, as the amount of his loss. The Western Council' have deter mined that a sergeant of police shall' in future, at a salary of £60 per annum, perform. ? the: duty of Town Inspector and Inspector of Nuisances, hitherto performed fay Mir' Dimant, who has been appointed to another situation under the Council. ~ We learn by telegram that a-depu tation from the electors of West Bourfee waited on Mr Chapman on Wednesday, requesting him to come forward .to contest the seat vacant by the invalidation of Mr Phelan's elec tion by - the committee, of elections. Mr Chapman replied that he had no intention to seek parliamentary honors at present. - -. . . The inhabitants of Miner's Rest are about to memorialise the President of I<aad said Works"for ^ piece of ground for a public cemetery, jehich is much required in the district. We learn that a very considerable sum has been subscribed in aid of the sufferers by the late disastrous firs at GlendarueL The committee appointed; on that occasion are active in pro curing additional subscriptions in their respective districts, and very hand some sums have been obtained from the farmers and others* one anony mous gentleman giving £60. A meeting of the ratepayers in the district of Miners' Best was held yes terday afternoon, to take into considera tion the state of the roads. We are compelled, from the crowded state of our columns, toehold over ourreport till to-morrow. Mr Cathie is to address a meeting at the Temperance Sail this evening, on a subject likely to command some at tention, on account of the efforts now made by the Temperance party in this colony to change the existing laws re lative to the salelof spirituous liquors. Th® Geelong Advertiser contains the following report of a case tried at the Police Court there on Tuesday last, Mid which was before the Eastern Police Court here some time' since: Mary Buigesg, vho it appeared laid been hired at Mr Hendy*s office for the service of Mr Burke as barmaid at Ballarat, came be fore the sitting Magistrate to complain that upon her arrival at the place of destination b®p services were either not desired or de cl'ned, and that Bhe now sought compensa tion for the same. The defendant asked Maiy Bnigess if she had -not before been employed in a "grog shanty" at Ballarat or its neighborhood. The Police Magistrate desired Mr Bnrke, if he wished to condact nuown case, to use the English language in preference to slang terms. Such words as grog shantfs/'libweviradihissable In some localities, would not be tolerated in a Court of Justice in Geelong. Mr Burke apologised, and the case proceeded by Mr Hendy and a8®9t®nt proving the hiring at the re quest of Mr Burke's agent, and the Magis trate ordered a compensation of £5 to be paid to the female, with costs of the Court. The Geelong Advertiser states that rumors are. afloat that one of the county (South Grant) seats will soon be vacant. As yet, Dr. Greeves is the only candidate in the field for East Geelong, for the seat vacated by Mr Cowie. The Kingston News says that a wild woman has been discovered near Beach Canada West. When first seen, she was perfectly naked. She ran into the woods, leaping, it is said, ten or twelve feet at a bound. Search has been made, and twice she has come in sight, but always eluded capture. A vigorous attempt is about to be made to secure her. The Bendigo -Advertiser states that on Sunday evening a man named Warren, residing at Ironstone Hill, attempted to murder his wife, and it is' believed afterwards to poison himself. It appears that they had lived very unhappily for the last year or two, owing to jealousy on the part of the husband. He has frequently threatened to leave his wife, and on Sunday again expressed his determination to do so for ever. Having procured a glass of water, in which it is believed he had mixed poison, he proceeded to the room where his wife was, and, pre senting a pistol, deliberately shot her. The ball entered the corner of her mouth and came out at her neck: He then attempted to drink the contents of the glass, but it was dashed from his hand by his brother-in-law. Dr Caudle was immediately in attendance, and succeeded in extracting the ball, The woman is doing well, and no fatal consequences are anticipated. The husband was arrested on the spot. The Maryborough Advertiser says that the great coach cases Hughes v Brunig, has been at last concluded, after a trial lasting for nine -days. He verdict was for the plaintiff, £110 damages and £111 4s costs. The facts of the case are that the coach from Ballarat as upset somewhere between Clunes and Back Creek, and some of the passengers injured. The plaintiff, one of the injured, alleged that the upset took place through the careless- ness of the driver, in which the asses sors concurred, and therefore found the above-named damages. Two more cases of the same character are to be tried yet. Wednesday's M. A. Mail has. the following intelligence:-Rumors are f afloat-- 4nd; we believe they are not -without--foundation-that .Mr Harker contemplates retiring, for spme time at least; firom parliamentary Jife, and that Messes Ireland and Prendergast, :the ^ Siamese twins: of Maryborough,. finding that their duties as repriesenta-. tfr^es- encroach too - much upon their ; professional dine, are "on the eve of rengmng their political trust confided to them by otsr neighbors in the west. Shoirta^t^TO %o^Ttrue, Maldon and Maryborough 'trill5 hnve te look out for new members, - Tuesday's Gazette notifies that Messrs G. A. Amps, 3. Roycraft get apart at Creswick as a site For a! Mechanics* Institute, And thatSiichard Bonce, Esq., Surgeon, has been ap pointed Deputy Registrar of births and deaths for the Creswick district, in the room of J. EdmonBton, 3Ssq., resigned. \- We learn from Wednesday*8 Argus that the directors and shareholders in the Bolinda Mining Com pany met on ; Tuesday afternoon at the offices of the' company, ac cording vto appointment. The report of the directors was brought up, ac companied by a balance-sheet and by the report of the mining engineer. AH these documents were of a very un- j satisfactory character, ajid were not adopted by the shareholders- After the preliminary business was disposed of, Mr Tornbull vacated the chair, and Mr William Bayles was moved into it in his stead. A discussion then arose as to the promises held forth in the prospectus, and the results of the prospecting, for under no other head can the company's operations be chronicled. The statement, that "throughout the entire length of the land a very rich auriferous quartz reef has been traced," and the, letter of Mr Thomas Rae, testifying to the richness of the quartz, were referred to, and no explanation was vouchsafed. Mr Rae admitted that the quartz upon which he reported was not obtained from the company's lands, but tried, neverthe less, to defend his participation in the misleading of the public. -Not one of the shareholdew appeared to entertain any doubt as to the good faith of the main body of the directors, nor as to the gross deception practised upon them and upon Mr Thomas Rae. The only person who appears to have made money out of the affair is Mr W. J. T. . Clarke, the original owner of the soil, and the discoverer of the rich quartz reef which yielded such large returns according to Mr Rae. Mr James Smith de nounced the conduct of Mr W. J. T. Clarke directly, as inconsistent with his position as member of the Legis lative Council, and he carried the meeting with him, btft the matter was not fully gone into. A committee was appointed, consisting of seven share holders :- Messrs ? Cockburn, Ford, Attenborough, Sichel, James, Smith, Southey, and Bayles, to confer with the directors, and to -obtain from them an arrangement by which £2 per share should be returned to the shareholders; and, failing this, that legal measures should be resorted to to compel repay ment. * Mr and Mrs Younge took their bene fit last night at the Royal, and were greeted with a very fair house as times go. A novelty in thesa latitudes was produced in the shape of a three-act comedy, by Douglas Jerrold, entitled " St. Cupid, or Dorothy's Fortune." The piece is laid in the early days of the Hanoverian succession, and opens with an Under Secretary of State, Zero, (Mr Hooper) and hiB nephew Sir Valentine (Mr Bellair) opening letters en route through the post. One is from a Dorothy Budd (Miss Harland) the daughter of an old schoolmaster, Dr Hoskins), to a friend, telling her a gipsy woman, (Mr Younge) had told her fortune, and she was to be a lady. Another letter is from a young ensign and cousin to Dorothy (Mr Shute) who is a spy in the Jacobite interest. The latter letter sets the Under Secretary on the qui vive to detect and secure the traitor, and the former makes the nephew in love with the unknown Dorothy and resolve to find her out. An advertisement by Dr Budd for an usher at his academy " The Lilacs," affords an opening, and after divers encounters between the gipsy, the nephew, the ensign, Dorothy, the Under Secretary, and the doctor!, the traitor escapes from the Hano verian soldiers brought in by the Secre tary ; Sir Valentine and Dorothy agree to love and marry, and thus her fortune comes true, and Sir Valentine's ro mantic dream is realised. The piece was excellently well put on the stage, and the parts borne by Mr Hoskins and Mr Younge were very effectively played. The same commendation is merited for the most part by the per formers of the subordinate portions in the piece; and the comedy, as a new one, too, went off right trippingly. The burlesque of the "Lady of Lyons" concluded the entertainment, some very excellent singing by Miss Harland and Mrs Younge being given between the pieces as a variation of the usual pro gramme. To-night the comedy will, be repeated. 