GOVERNMENT RAILWAY WORKSHOPS.-A code of " Rules and Regulation* to be obaervoil by the workmen em- ployed In the Qovornmont Railway Workshop»" bas juat been pahlialiod. We beliovo this la the first attempt that has been made In thiB colony to oondnot these eatabllahmenta In a aysto rnatlo mannor. Tbe rales, whloh aro S3 in number; are stringont, hat not arbitrary ; If earned ont In tbe spirit In whloh they are framed, the workman will bo quito aa tnuoh benefited by them aa the Oovornmcnt. They bear the aignature of Mr. Jamos Henry Thomee, engineor and Inoomotlve. suporlntondont, by whom they aro aaid to have been framed. NEW LOCOMOTIVES.-The Government have reoently reoelvod per Tudor two new loeomollvo englnoa from the celebrated iron-works of Mossrs. Manning and Wardell of Looda. l > THE WEATHER.-The weather has of late been'very ehangoablo-eaoh euooeaelve chango being attended with a moat, disagreeable aooesalon of heat. Yesterday waa a rcgmar eummor day ; tbero waa little or no wind, and that little strongly Inoliuod to be hot ; the ann was intensely hot, and thero was abundanoo of dust. BUSH FIRES.-The first "bush-fire" of the season made Ita appearance yoaterday at the North Shore, and aonttnuod to burn vigorously during tbo night. We make no donbt, if tho weather should continuo for a few daya aa botas it was josterdoy, wo abai! bavo no laok of bush Ores. How 'THE STREETS AnE WATERED.-We slill pertlnaolonslyadhero to that alow, tedious, and expenalvo process of watering tho streets introduced by our groat grand fatbors. To perform this essential taak with anything approaoh Ing effectiveness, we matt have an unlimited number of horaos and watoring oarts, and men to drive them. Wo would venturo to auggeatto thoolvlo aalborlOosa more 'efficient, ann Incompara- bly Teas oxienslve plan than the present Lot them got somo two or three" atauda" that will St the Ore plugs, and let eaoh stand have a propor length of hoso, say alx or aoven feat; the hoao should have a M atend" ahapod liko a watering pot. With this simple and inoxpenalve opparatua, we will back three men to do more watering, and withal to do it more aatlafaetorlly, than all tho watering oana in the city. Thoao men should oommeuoe watering atdaylieht ovory morning. i BoTAKio GARDENS. -The- Band of the 12th Renllnent will perform the following aolootlon of muslo at 3 o'oiook. weaüier permitting. Conductor-Mr- O. D. CallenT Programme-Overturn, " Ferdinand Cortez," Spontlnl ! Selec- tion, " Lurlinn," Wallace: Waltz, " Donna Sabine," ITenrlon ; Soleatlon, "II llarblero," Rossini : Quadrille,I "Phantom Danoera, Jnllion; Polka, "Pepita Oliva," Kuhner; Qod Save the Queen. THE PAINTERS- SOCIETY.- A special general meeting of tbo, Patotera' Socioty wai hold at tho Traveller's Real, Castlereagh-street, yesterday ovonlng, " to consider mat tors of Imnortanoo " The meeting .being of a private oharaoler, wo are unable to furnleh partioulars. ' THB LATE FIRE.-The smouldering remains , of the lataflro at the Prince of Wales Theatre have been en- tirely extinguished, and so muoh of tho walla as wero likoly to I fallbavo been taken down. A eonalderable portion of the ruins at tho rear of Mr. Holmoa'a premises hat alto been removod, thut enabling Mr. Holmoa to reaume bnslnoas, A correspondent, writing to the Castlemaine Adverttier from Tarrangower, on the 19th ultimo, eaya:-The muohlneat Manton'a Gully was atartod yoaterday, and worked to the aatlafactlon of all who carno to wltnoaa the opening It la one of King and Howland'« patent machlnos, and is the first of the kind ereotod at Tarrangower, BO tbattbero waa a large nurobor oamo to wltnesa Ita performance.'and all wore highly pleased with the stamping arrangemonta. It looka very oompaot, and «ooma to work admirably. A casual observer would «ey thoro woald bo aomo|dlf_onlty in feediug tho alampa equally, butinpraotloe thero' is found to .bo.none. The ripple boxea havo eevoral Improvements on the oid systom, by whloh it la atmoat lmpoaslble for any of the gold to escapo. It is driven by ono of Clayton and Shuttleworth. SO horse powar engines, which also works the pump. The maobine Is put np by Mesara, Moore and Co., who may be oongratulatod on thoir posaossinn of the reef, which, judging from its antecedents, will pay well. A good supply of water oan bo had from tbo olalm, which la ono tiling Indlapensable to ancooss .in quarts ornehlng. A substantial lunoh waa provided by the company, to whloh a largo number of the ehte of Maldon sat down, whon the nana! loaats wero drunk, and all departed wishing sucoese t'i the nndartaklng. Thoro has been quite an impotna givon to quarts mining oornpauloa hore lately, 'Ibero are tbroo or four new oomnanles about lo start, and the atook of the exlatlng companlca euntluues to rlas. Tbo Long Gully Gold Washing Company le about to bo wound np, as it la found, aftor the most persevering eflbrla, that the muff* ia too poor to pay ovon wages. 