THE EXPLORATION OF THE INTERIOR. The Melbourne papers are largely occupied with documents bearing upon the unhappy expedition of Burke and his party. We subjoin Mr. Wills's nar- rative of the journey across the interior, and Mr. King's touching history of the death of Burke. MR. WILLS'S DIARY. FROM COOPER'S CREEK TO THE GULF OF CARPENTARIA. FIELD-BOOK NO. 1. [The omissions in the diary are supplied by the in- formation contained in the maps, with the exception of the last two days on the shore of the gulf.] Sunday, December 16,1860.-The two horses hav- ing been shod, and our reports finished, we started at 40 minutes past 6 a.m. for Eyre's Creek, the party consisting of Mr. Burke, myself, King, and Charley, having with us six camels, one horse, and three months' provisions. We followed down the creek to the point where the sandstone ranges cross the creek, and were accompanied to that place by Brahe, who would return to take .charge of the depot. Down to this point the banks of the creek are very rugged and stony, but there is a tolerable supply of grass and saltbush in the vicinity. A large tribe of blacks came pestering us to go to their camp and have a dance, which we I declined. They were very troublesome, and nothing but the threat to shoot them will keep them away ; they are, however, easily frightened, and, although fine-looking men, decidedly not of a warlike disposi- tion. They show the greatest inclination to take whatever they can, but will run no unnecessary risk in so doing. They seldom carry any weapons, except a shield and a large kind of boomerang, which I believe they use for killing rats, &c.; ; sometimes, but very seldom, they have a large spear; reed spears seem to be quite unknown to them. The are un- doubtedly a finer and better looking race of men than the blacks on the Murray and Darling, and more peaceful, but in other respects I believe they did not compare favorably with them, for, from the little we have seen of them, they appear to be mean-spirited and contemptible in every respect. Monday, December 17.-We continued to follow down the creek. Found its course very crooked, and the channel frequently dry for a considerable distance, and then forming into magnificent waterholes, abound- ing in waterfowl of all kinds. The country on each side is more open than on the upper part of the creek. The soil on the plains is of a light earthy nature, sup- porting abundance of saltbush and grass. Moat of the plains are lightly timbered, and the ground is finer, and not cracked up, like at the head of the creek. Left Camp No. 67 at ten minutes to six a.m., having breakfasted before leaving, We followed the creek along from point to point, at first in a direction W.N.W. for about 12 miles, then about N.W. At about noon we passed the last water, a short distance beyond which the creek runs out on a polygonum (Polygonum Cunning hami) flat ; but the timber was so large and dense, that it deceived us into the belief that there was a con- tinuation of the channel ; on crossing the polygonum ground to where we expected to find the creek we became aware of our mistake. Not thinking it advi- sable to chance the existence of water a-head, we camped at the end of a largo, but shallow sheet of water in the sandy bed of the creek. The hole was about 150 links broad, and feet deep in most places. In most places the temperature of the water was almost incredibly high, which induced me to try it in several places. The mean of two on the shady side of the creek gave 97.4deg. As may be imagined, this water tasted disagreeably warm, but we soon cooled some in water-bags, and, thinking that it would be interesting to know what we might call cool, I placed the thermometer in a panniken containing some that appeared delightfully cool, almost cold in fact ; its temperature was, to our astonishment, 78deg. At half-past six, when a strong wind was blowing from south, and temperature of air had fallen to 80deg., the lowest temperature of water in the hose, that had been exposed to the full effect of evaporation for several hours, was 72deg. This water for drinking appeared positively cold—too low a temperature to be pleasant under the circumstances. A remarkable southerly squall came on between five and six; p.m., with every appearance of rain. The sky however soon cleared, but the wind continued to blow in a squally and irregular manner from the same quarter at evening. Wednesday, Dec. 19.-Started at a quarter past 8 a.m. Leaving what seemed to be the end of Cooper's Creek, we took a course a little to the north of west, intending to try and obtain water in some of the creeks that Sturt mentioned that he had crossed, and at the same time to see whether they were con- nected with Cooper's Creek, as appeared most probable from the direction in which we found the latter running, and from the manner in which it had been breaking up into small channels flowing across the plains in a N. and N.N.W. direction. We left on our right the flooded flats on which this branch of the creek runs out, and soon came to a series of sand-ridges, the directions of which were between N. i W. and N.N.W. The country is well grassed, and supports plenty of saltbush. Many of the valleys are liable to be inundated by the overflow of the main creek. They have watercourses and polygonum flats, bordered with box trees, but we met with no holes fit to hold a supply of water. At about ten miles we crossed a large earthy flat, lightly timbered with box and gum. The ground was very bad for travelling on, being much cracked up, and intersected by innumerable channels, which con- tinually carried off the water of a large creek. Some of the valleys beyond this were very pretty, the ground being sound, and covered with fresh plants, which made them look beautifully green. At 15 miles, we halted where two large plains joined. Our attention had been attracted by some red-breasted cockatoos, pigeons, a crow, and several other birds, whose presence made us feel sure that there was water not far off; but our hopes were soon destroyed by finding a claypan just drying up. It contained just sufficient liquid to make the clay boggy. At 10 minutes to 7 p.m. we moved on, steering straight for Eyre's Creek, N.W. by N., intending to make a good night's journey, and avoid the heat of the day ; but at a mile and a half we came to a creek, which looked so well that we followed it for a short distance, and finding two or three waterholes of good milky water, we camped for the night. This enabled me to secure an observation of the eclipse of Jupiter's I. satellite, as well as some latitude observations. The night was so calm that I used the water as a horizon, but I find it much more satisfactory to take the mercury, for several reasons. Thursday, December 21 (20?).-We did not leave this camp until half-past 8, having delayed to refill the water-bags with the milky water, which all of us found to be a great treat again. It is certainly more pleasant to drink than the clear water, and, at the same time, more satisfying. Our course from here, N.W. by N., took us through some pretty country, lightly timbered and well grassed. We could see the line of creek timber winding through the valley on our left. At a distance of five miles there was a bush- fire on its banks, and beyond it the creek made a con- siderable bend to the S.W. At two miles further we came in sight of a large lagoon, bearing N. by W., and at three miles more we camped on what would seem the same creek as last night, near where it enters the lagoon. The latter is of great extent, and contains a large quantity of water, which swarms with wild- fowl of every description. It is very shallow, but is surrounded by the most pleasing woodland scenery, and everything in the vicinity looks fresh and green. The creek near its junction with the lagoon contains some good water-holes, five to six feet deep. They are found in a sandy alluvium, which is very boggy when wet. There was a large camp of not loss than 40 or 50 blacks near where we stopped. They brought us presents of fish, for which we gave them some beads and matches. These fish we found to be a most valuable addition to our ration?. They were of the same kind as we had found elewhere, but finer, being nine to ten inches long, and two to three inches deep, and in such good condition that they might have been fried in their own fat. It is a remarkable fact, that these were the first blacks who had offered us any fish since we reached Cooper's Creek. Friday, Dec. 21.—We left Camp 70 at half-past five a.m., and tried to induce one or two of the blacks to go with us, but it was of no use. Keeping our former course, we were pulled up at three miles by a fine lagoon, and then by the creek that flows into it ; the latter being full of water, we were obliged to trace it a mile up before we could cross. I observed on its banks two wild plants of the gourd or melon tribe ; one much resembling a stunted cucumber, the other, both in leaf and appearance of fruit, was very similar to a small model of a water melon (probably muckia micrantha). The latter plant I also found at Camp 68\. On tasting the pulp of the newly found fruit, which was about the size of a large pea, I found it to be so acrid that it was with difficulty that I removed the taste from my mouth. At eight or nine miles from where we crossed the creek we passed another large lagoon, leaving it two miles on our left, and shortly afterwards we saw one nearly as far on our right. This last we should have availed our- selves of, but that we expected to find water in a creek which we could see, by the timber lining its banks, flowed from the lagoon on our left, and crossed our course a few miles ahead. We reached it at a distance of four or five miles further, and found a splendid waterhole, at which we camped. The creek at this point flows in a northerly direction, through a large lightly timbered flat, on which it partially runs out. The ground is, however, sound and well clothed with grass and salsolaceous plants. Up to this point the country we have passed through has been of the finest description for pastoral pur poses. The grass and saltbush are everywhere abundant, and water is plentiful, with every appear- ance of permanence. We met with porcupine grass. (Triodia pungens, Br.) and only two sand-ridges be- fore reaching Camp 71. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA. FIELD-BOOK NO. 2. LAT. 27DEG. TO 25½DEG. STATIONS 72 TO 78. Saturday, Dec. 22.—At five minutes to 5 a.m. we left one of the most delightful camps we have had in tho journey, and proceeded on the same course as before, N.W. by N., across some high ridges of loose sand, many of which were partially clothed with porcupine grass. We found the ground much worse to travel over than any we have yet met with. As the ridges were exceedingly abrupt and steep on their eastern aide, and although sloping gradually towards the west, were so honeycombed in some places by the burrows of rats, that the camels were continually in danger of falling. At a distance of about six miles we descended from these ridges to undulating country of open box forest, where every- thing was green and fresh. There is an abundance of grass and salt bushes, and lots of birds of all descriptions. Several flocks of pigeons passed over our heads, making for a point a little to our right, where there is no doubt plenty of water, but we did not go off our course to look for it. Beyond the box forest, which kept away to the right, we again entered the sand-ridges, and at a distance of six miles passed close to a dry salt lagoon, the ridges in the vicinity of which are less regular in their form and direction, and contain nodules of limestone. The ground in the flats and claypans near has that encrusted sur- face that cracks under the pressure of the foot, and is a sure indication of the presence of saline deposits. At a distance of eight miles from the lagoon, we camped at the foot of a sand- ridge, jutting out on the Stony Desert. I was rather disappointed, but not altogether surprised, to find the latter no- thing more nor less than the stony rises that we had before met with, only on a larger scale, and not quite so undulating. During the afternoon several crows came to feed on the plain. They came from an E.N.E. direction, no doubt from a portion of the creek that flows through the forest that we left on our right. In the morning, as we were loading, a duck passed over, but it was too dark to see which way it went. Sunday, Dec. 23.—At 5 a.m., we struck out across the desert in a W.N.W. direction. At four miles and a-half we crossed a sand-ridge, and then returned to our N.W. by N. course. We found the ground not nearly so bad for travelling on as that between Bulloo and Cooper's Creek ; in fact, I do not know whether it arose from our exaggerated anticipation of horrors or not, but we thought it far from bad travelling ground ; and as to pasture, it is only the actually stony ground that is bare, and many a sheep run is, in fact, worse grazing than that. At fifteen miles we crossed another sand-ridge, for several miles around which there is plenty of grass and fine saltbush. After crossing this ridge, we de- scended to an earthy plain, where the ground was rather heavy, being in some places like pieces of slaked lime, and intersected by small watercourses. Flocks of pigeons rose from amongst the salt bushes and polygonum, but all the creeks were dry, although marked by lines of box timber. Several gunyaha of the blacks were situated near a waterhole that had apparently contained water very lately, and heaps of grass were lying about the plains, from which they had beaten the seeds. We pushed on, hoping to find the creeks assuming an improved appearance, but they did not, and at 1 o'clock we halted, intending to travel through part of the night. About sunset three flocks of pigeons passed over us, all going in the same direction, due north by compass, and pass- ing over a ridge of sand in that direction. Not to have taken notice of such an occurrence would have been little short of a sin, so we determined to go eight or ten miles in that direction. Starting at 7 o'clock p.m., we, at six miles, crossed the ridge over which the birds had flown, and came on a flat subject to inundation. The ground was at first hard and even, like the bottom of a clay pan, but at a mile or so we came on cracked earthy ground, intersected by numberless small channels running in all directions. At nine miles, we reached the bed of a creek running from east to west ; it was only bordered by poly- gonum bushes, but as there was no timber visible on the plains, we thought it safer to halt until daylight, for fear we would miss the water. At daylight, when we had saddled, a small quantity of timber could be seen, at the point of a sand-ridge, about one and a-half to two miles to the west of us, and on going there we found a fine creek, with a splendid sheet of water, more than a mile long, and averaging nearly three chains broad ; it is, however, only two or three feet deep in most parts. Monday, Dec. 24.—We took a day of rest on Gray's Creek, to celebrate Christmas. This was doubly plea- sant, as we had never in our most sanguine moments anticipated finding such a delightful oasis in the desert. Our camp was really an agreeable place, for we had all the advantages of food and water attending a position on a large creek or river, and were at the same time free of the annoyance of the numberless ants, flies, and mosquitoes that are invariably met with amongst timber or heavy scrub. Tuesday, Dec. 25.—We left Gray's Creek at half past four a.m., and proceeded to cross the earthy rotten plains in the direction of Eyre's Creek. At a distance of about nine miles, we reached some lines of trees and bushes, which were visible from the top of the sand-ridge at Gray's Creek. We found them growing on the banks of several small creeks, which trend to the N. and N.N.W. At a mile and a half further we crossed a small creek, N.N.E., and joining the ones above-mentioned. This creek contained abundance of water, in small detached holes, from fifty to one hundred links long, well shaded by steep banks and overhanging bushes. The water had a suspiciously transparent color, and a slight trace of brackishness, but the latter was scarcely perceptible. Near where the creek joined them is a sandhill, and a dense mass of fine timber. The smoke of a fire indi- cated the presence of blacks, who soon made their appearance, and followed us for some distance, beck- oning us away to the N.E. We, however, continued our course N.W. by N., but, at a distance of a mile and a-half, found that the creeks did not come round as we expected, and that the fall of the water was in a direction nearly opposite to our course, or about west to east. We struck off N. ½ W. for a high sand-ridge, from which we anticipated seeing whether it were worth while for us to follow the course of the creeks we had crossed. We were surprised to find all the water-courses on the plains trending rather to the south of east ; and at a distance of three miles, after changing our course, and when we approached the sandhills towards which we had been steering, we were agreeably pulled up by a magnificent creek, com- ing from the N.N.W., and running in the direction of the fire we had seen. We had now no choice but to change our course again, for we could not have crossed even if we had desired to so. On following up the south bank of the creek, we found it soon keeping a more northerly course than it had where we first struck it. This fact, together with magni- tude and general appearance, lessened the probability of its being Eyre's Creek, as seemed at first very likely from their relative positions and directions. The day being very hot, and the camels tired from travelling over the earthy plains, which, by the by, are not nearly so bad as those at the head of Cooper's Creek, we camped at 1 o'clock p.m., having traced the creek up about five miles, not counting the bends. For the whole of this distance we found not a break or interruption of water, which appears to be very deep. The banks are from 20 to 30 feet above the water, and very steep ; they are clothed near the water's edge with mint and other weeds, and on the top of each side there is a belt of box trees and various shrubs. The lower part of the creek is bounded towards the north by a high red sand-ridge, and on the south side is an extensive plain, intersected by numerous watercourses, which drain off the water in flood time. The greater portion of the plain is at present very bare, but the stalks of dry grass show that after rain or floods there will be a good crop on the harder and well-drained portion, but I believe the loose earthy portion support no vegetation at any time. The inclination of the ground from the edge of the creek bank towards the plain is in many places very considerable. This I should take to indicate that the flooding is or has been at one time both frequent and regular. Wednesday, December 26.—We started at 5 a.m., following up the creek from point to point of the bends. Its general course was at first N. by W., but at about six miles the sand-ridge on the west closed in on it, and at this point it takes a turn to the N.N.E. for half-a-mile, and then comes round sud- denly N.W. Up to this point, it had been rather im- proving in appearance than otherwise, but in the bend to the N.W. the channel is very broad, its bed being limestone rock and indurated clay ; is for a space of five or six chains quite dry, then commences another waterhole, the creek keeping a little more towards N. We crossed the creek here, and struck across the plain on a due N. course, for we could see the line of timber coming up to the sand-ridges in that direction, for a distance of seven or eight miles. We did not touch the creek, and the eastern sand-ridge receded to a dis- tance, in some places of nearly three miles, from our line, leaving an immense extent of grassy plain between it and the creek. The distinctly marked feature on the lower part of this creek is, that whenever the main creek is on one side of a plain, there is always a fine billybong on the opposite side, each of them almost invariably sticking close to the respective sand-ridges. Before coming to the next bend of the creek, a view from the top of a sand-hill showed me that the creek receives a large tributary from the N.W,. at about two miles above where we had crossed it. A fine line of timber, running up to the N.W., joined an extensive tract of box forest, and the branch we were following was lost to view in a similar forest towards the N. The sand-ridge was so abrupt when we came to the creek, that it was necessary to descend into its bed through one of the small ravines adjoining it. We found it partially run out, the bed being sand, and strewed with nodules of lime, some of which were one and a-half to two feet long. They had apparently been formed in the sand-downs by infiltration. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA. FIELD BOOK NO. 3. LAT. S. 25½ DEG. TO 23¾ DEG. STATIONS 78 TO 85. Sunday, Dec. 30.—Finding that the creek was trending considerably towards the east, without much likelihood of altering its course, we struck off from it, taking a 10 days' supply of water, as there were ranges visible to the north, which had the appearance of being stony. A N.E. by N. course was first taken for about seven miles, in order to avoid them. The whole of this distance was over alluvial earthy plains, the soil of which was firm, but the vegetation scanty. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA. FIELD BOK NO. 4. CAMP 85 TO 90. LAT. 23¾ DEG. TO 22¼ DEG. FINE COUNTRY—TROPICS. Saturday, Jan. 5.—On leaving Camp 84 we found slight but distinct indications of rain in the groves, and a few blades of grass and small weeds in the little depressions on the plain. These indications were, however, so slight, that but for the fact of our having found surface water in two holes near our camp, we should hardly have noticed them. At a distance of about two miles, in a N.N.E. direction, wo came to a creek with along, broad, shallow waterhole. The well- worn paths, the recent tracks of natives, and the heaps of shells, on the contents of which the latter had feasted, showed at once that this creek must be connected with some creek of considerable importance. The camels and horses being greatly in need of rest, we only moved up about half a mile, and camped for the day. Sunday, Jan. 6.—Started at twenty minutes to 6 o'clock, intending to make an easy day's stage along the creek. As we proceeded up in a northerly direc- tion, we found the waterhole to diminish in size very much, and at about two and a-half miles the creek ran out in a lot of small water-courses. At the upper end of the creek we found in its bed what appeared to be an arrangement for catching fish. It consisted of a small oval mud paddock, about 12ft. by 8ft., the sides of which were about nine inches above the bottom of the hole and the top of the fence, covered with long grass, so arranged that the ends of the blades overhung scantily by several inches the sides of the hole. As there was no sign of timber to the N., we struck off to N.W. by N. for a fine line of timber that came up from the S.W., and seemed to run parallel with the creek we were about to leave. At a distance of about three miles we reached the bank of a fine creek, and containing a sheet of water two chains broad, at least 15 feet deep in the middle. The banks are shelving, sandy, and lightly clothed with box trees and various shrubs. On starting to cross the plains towards this creek, we were surprised at the bright green appearance of strips of land, which look in the distance like swamps ; on approaching some of them we found that there had been a considerable fall of rain in some places, which had raised a fine crop of grass and portulac (portulac aolerasca L), whereever the soil was of a sandy and light nature, but the amount of moisture had been insufficient to affect the hard clayey ground, which constitutes the main portion of the plain. The sight of two native com- panions feeding here added greatly to the encourag- ing prospects ; they are the only specimens of that bird that I remember to have seen on that side of the Darling. Monday, Jan. 7.—We started at half-past 4 a.m., without water, thinking that we might safely rely on this creek for one day's journey. We, however, found the line of timber soon begin to look small ; at three miles the channel contained only a few pools of surface water. We continued across the plains on a due north course, frequently crossing small water- courses, which had been filled by the rain, but were fast drying up. Here and there as we proceeded, dense lines of timber on our right showed that the creek came from the east of north. At a distance of 13 miles we turned to the N.N.E., towards a fine line of timber. We found a creek of considerable dimen- sions, that had only two or three small waterholes ; but as there was more than sufficient for us and very little feed for the beasts anywhere else, we camped. I should have liked this camp to have been in a more prominent and easily recognised position, as it happens to be almost exactly on the tropic of Capri- corn. The tremendous gale of wind that we had in the evening and night prevented me from taking a latitude observation, whereas I had some good ones at the last camp and at camp 86. My reckoning cannot be far out. I found on taking out my instru- ments one of the spare thermometers was broken, and the glass of my aneroid barometer cracked ; the latter, I believe, not otherwise injured. This was done by the camel having taken it into his head to roll while the pack was on his back. Tuesday, January 8.—Started at a quarter-past 5 a.m., with a load of water, determined to be inde- pendent of all creeks and watercourses. At a mile and a half found surface water in a small creek, and at a mile further water in two or three places on the open plains. The country we crossed for the first ten miles consists of fine open plains of firm argillaceous soil, too stiff and hard to be affected by the small quantity of rain that has fallen as yet. They are subject to inundations from the overflow of a number of small creeks which intersect them in a direction E.N.E. to W.S.W. Nearly all the creeks are lined with box trees and shrubs, in a tolerably healthy state. Of the remains of dead trees, there is only a fair proportion to the living ones. After traversing a plain of greater extent than the rest, we, at ten miles, reached the creek, proportionately large and important looking. The channel, however, at the point where we struck it, was deep, level, and dry, but I believe there is water in it not far off; for there were some red breasted cockatoos in the trees, and native parrots on each side. On the north side there is a part bearing off to the N.N.W. The mirage on the plain to the south of the creek was stronger than I have before seen it. There appear to be sheets of water within a few yards of one, and it looks sufficiently smooth and glassy to be used for an artificial horizon. To the westward of the plains some fine sandhills were visible nearly in the direction in which the creek flowed. To the north of the creek the country un dergoes a great change. At first there is a little earthy land subject to inundation. The soil then be- comes more sandy, the stony pans in which water collects after rain; the whole country is slightly undulating, lightly timbered and splendidly grassed. A number of small disconnected creeks are scattered about, many of which contained water, protected from the sun and wind by a luxuriant growth of fine grasses and small bushes. We passed one or two little rises of sand and pebbles, on which were growing some trees quite new to me : but for the seed pods, I should have taken them for a species of casuarina, although the leaf- stalks have not the jointed pecu- liarities of those planta. The trunks and branches are like the sheaoak, the leaves like those of a pine ; they droop like a willow, and the seed is small, flat, in a large flat pod about six inches by three-quarters of an inch. As we proceeded, the country improved at every step. Flocks of pigeons rose and flew off to the eastward, and fresh plants met our view on every rise; everything green and luxuriant. The horse licked his lips, and tried all he could to break his nose-string in order to get at the food. We camped at the foot of a sandy rise, where there was a large stony pan with plenty of water, and where the feed was equal in quality, and superior as to variety, to any that I have seen in Australia, excepting perhaps on some soils of volcanic origin. Wednesday, January 9.—Started at five minutes past 5 without water, trusting to get a supply of water from the rain that fell during the thunderstorm. Traversed six miles of undulating plains covered with vegetation richer than ever. Several ducks rose from the little creeks as we passed, and flocks of pigeons were flying in all directions. The richness of the vegetation is evidently not suddenly arising from chance thunderstorms, for the trees and bushes on the open plain are everywhere healthy and fresh-looking ; very few dead ones are to be seen, besides which the quantity of dead and rotten grass which, at present, almost overgrows in some places the young blades shows that this is not the first crop of the kind. The grasses are numerous, and many of them unknown to me, but they only constitute a moderate portion of the herbage; several kinds of spurious vetches and portulac, as well as salsolaceae add to the luxuriance of the vegetation. At seven miles we found ourselves in an open forest country, where the feed was good but not equal to what we had passed, neither had it been visited by yesterday's rain. We soon emerged again on open plains, but the soil being of a more clayey nature, they were not nearly so much advanced in vegetation as the others. We found surface water in several places, and at one spot disturbed a fine bustard which was feeding in the long grass. We did not see him until he flew up. I should have men- tioned that one flew over our camp last evening, in a northerly direction. This speaks well for the country and climate. At noon we came to a large creek the course of which was from E.N.E. to W.S.W. The sight of white gum trees in the distance had raised hopes which were not at all damped on a close in- spection of the channel. At the point where we struck it, there was certainly no great quantity of water ; the bed was broad and sandy, but its whole appearance was that of an important watercourse, and the large gums which line its banks, together with the improved appearance of the soil, and the abundance of feed in the vicinity, satisfied us as to the per- manency of the water and the value of the discovery. Although it was so early in the day, and we were anxious to make a good march, yet we camped here, as it seemed to be almost a sin to leave such good quarters. The bed of the creek is loose sand, through which the water freely permeates; it is, however sufficiently coarse not to be boggy, and animals can approach the water without any difficulty. Thursday, Jan. 10.—At 20 minutes past 5 a.m., we left our camp with a full supply of water, determined to risk no reverses, and to make a good march. I should mention that last evening we had been nearly deafened by the noise of the cicadae, and but for our large fires should have been kept awake all night by the mosquitoes. A walk of two miles across a well-grassed plain brought us to a belt of timber, and we soon afterwards found ourselves pulled up by a large creek, in which the water was broad and deep. We had to follow up the bank of the creek in a N.E. direction for nearly a mile before we could cross, when to our joy we found that it was flowing, not a muddy stream from the effect of recent floods, but a small rivulet of pure water, as clear as crystal. The bed of the river at this place is deep and rather narrow. The water flows over sand and pebbles, winding its way between clumps of melaleuca and gum saplings. After leaving the river, we kept our old course due north, crossing in a distance of one mile three creeks with gum trees on their banks. The soil of the flats through which they flow is a red loam of fair quality, and well grassed. Beyond the third creek is a large plain, parts of which are very stony ; and this is bounded towards the east by a low stony rise, partly composed of decayed and honey- combed quartz rock in situ, and partly of water-worn pebbles and other alluvial deposits. At about two miles across this plain, we reached the first of a series of small creeks, with deep waterholes. These creeks and holes have the characteristics peculiar to watercourses which are found in flats formed from the alluvial de- posits of schistose rocks. The banks are on a level with the surrounding ground, and are irregularly marked by small trees or only by tufts of long grass, which overhang the channel, and frequently hide it from view, even when within a few yards. At about five miles from where we crossed the river, we came to the main creek in these flats, Patten's Creek. It flows along at the foot of a stony range, and we had to trace it up nearly a mile in a N.N.E. direction be fore we could cross it. As it happened, we might al- most as well have followed its course up the flat, for at a little more than two miles we came to it again. We recrossed it at a stony place just below a very large waterhole, and then continued our course over extensive plains, not so well grassed as what we had passed before, and very stony in some places. At eight miles from Patten's Crek, we came to another, running from S.W. to S.E. There was plenty of water in it, but it was evidently the result of recent local rains. On the banks was an abundance of good feed, but very little timber. Friday, January 11.—Started at 5 a.m., and in the excitement of exploring fine well-watered country, forgot all about the eclipse of the sun, until the re- duced temperature and peculiarly gloomy appearance of the sky drew our attention to the matter. It was then too late to remedy the deficiency, so we made a good day's journey, the moderation of the mid-day heat, which was only about 86 deg., greatly assisting us. The country traversed has the most verdant and cheerful aspect ; abundance of feed and water everywhere. All the creeks seen to-day have a course more or less to E. by S. The land improves in appearance at every mile. A quantity of rain has fallen here and to the south, and some of the flats are suitable for cultivation if the regularity of the seasons will admit. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA. FIELD-BOOK NO. 5. CAMP 92 TO 98.-LAT. 22¼DEG. TO 21¼DEG. STANDISH RANGES. Saturday, Jan. 12.—We started at 5 a.m., and keeping as nearly as possible a due N. course, tra- versed for about eight miles a splendid flat, through which flow several fine well-watered creeks, lined with white gum trees. We then entered a series of slaty low sandstone ranges, amongst which were some well grassed flats, and plenty of water in the main gullies. The more stony portions are, however, covered with porcupine grass, and here and there with mallee. Large ant hills are very numerous ; they vary in height from two feet and a-half to four feet. There was a continuous rise perceptible all the way in crossing the ranges, and from the highest portion, which we reached at a distance of about seven miles, we had a pretty good view of the country towards the north. As far as we could see in the distance, and bearing due north, was a large range, having somewhat the outline of a granite mountain. The east end of this range just comes up to the magnetic north ; the left of this, and bearing N.N.W., is a single conical peak, tho top of which only is visible. Further to the west there were some broken ranges, apparently sandstone ; to the east of north the tops of very distant and apparently higher ranges were seen, the outline of which was so indistinct that I can form no idea as to their character. The intermediate country below us appeared alterna- tions of fine valleys and stony ranges, such as we had just been crossing. From here a descent of two miles brought up to a creek having a northern course, but on tracing it down for about a mile we found it turn to the south-east, and join another from the north. We crossed over to the latter on a N. by W. course, and camped on the west bank. It has a broad sandy channel ; the water-holes are large but not deep ; the banks are bordered with fine white gums, and are in some places very scrubby. There is abundance of rich green feed everywhere in the vicinity. We found numerous indications of blacks having been here, but saw nothing of them. It seems remarkable that where their tracks are so plentiful we should (have seen) none since we left King's Creek. I observed that the natives here climb trees like those on the Murray, &c;, in search of some animal corresponding in habita to the opossum, which they get out of the hollow branches in a similar manner. I have not yet been able to ascer- tain what the animal is. Sunday, Jan. 13.—We did not leave camp this morning until half-past 7, having delayed for the purpose of getting the camels' shoes on—a matter in which we were eminently unsuccessful. We took our breakfast before starting, for almost the first time since leaving the depot. Having crossed the creek, our course was due north as before, until at about six miles we came in sight of the range ahead, when we took a north half-east direc- tion, for the purpose of clearing the eastern front of it. We found the ground more sandy than what we had before crossed, and a great deal of it even more richly grassed. Camp 93 is situated at the junction of three sandy creeks, in which there is abundance of water. The sand is loose, and the water permeates freely, so that the latter may be obtained delightfully cool and clear by sinking anywhere in the beds of the creeks. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA. FIELD BOOK NO. 6. LAT. 21¼DEG. to 20¼DEG. STATIONS 98 TO 105. UPPER PART OF CLONCURRY. Saturday, Jan. 19.—Started from Camp 98 at half past five o'clock a.m., and, passing to the north-west of Mount Forbes, across a fine and well grassed plain, kept at first a north by east direction. At a distance of three miles the plain became everywhere stony, being scattered over with quartz pebbles ; and a little further on we came to low quartz ranges, the higher portions of which are covered with porcupine grass, but the valleys are well clothed with a variety of coarse and rank herbage. At about five miles we crossed a creek with a sandy bed, which has been named Green's Creek. There were blacks not far above where we crossed, but we did not disturb them. After crossing the creek, we took a due north course, over very rugged quartz ranges of an auriferous character. Pieces of iron ore, very rich, were scattered in great numbers over some of the hills. On our being about to cross one of the branch creeks in the low range, we surprised some blacks—a man, who, with a young fellow, apparently his son, was upon a tree cutting out something, and a lubra with a picaninny. The two former did not see me until I was nearly close to them, and then they were dreadfully frightened. Jumping down from the trees, they started off, shouting what sounded to us very like "Joe, Joe." Thus dis- turbed, the lubra, who was some distance from them, just then caught sight of the camels and the re- mainder of the party as they came over the hill into the creek, and this tended to hasten their flight over the stones and porcupine grass. Crossing the range at the head of this creek, we came on a gully running north, down which we proceeded, and soon found i open out into a creek at two or three points, in which we found water. On this creek we found the first specimen of a eucalyptus, which has a very different appearance from the members of the gum-tree race. It grows as high as a good-sized gum-tree, but with the branches less spreading ; in shape it much re- sembles the elm ; the foliage is dark, like that of the lightwood ; the trunk and branches are covered with a grey bark, resembling in outward appearance that of the box-tree. Finding that the creek was trending too much to the eastward, we struck off to the north again, and at a short distance came on a fine creek running about S.S.E. As it was now about time to camp, we travelled it up for about a mile and a-half, and came to a fine waterhole in a rocky basin, at which there were lots of birds. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA. FIELD-BOOK NO. 7. LAT. 20¼DEG. TO 19¼DEG. CAMPS 105 TO 112. MIDDLE PART OF CLONCURRY. Sunday, Jan. 27.—Started from Camp 105, five minutes past 2 in the morning. We followed along the bends of the creek by moonlight, and found the creek wind about very much, taking on the whole a N.E. course. At about five miles it changed some what its features ; from a broad and sandy channel, winding about through gum tree flats, it assumes the unpropitious appearance of a straight narrow creek, running in a N.N.E. direction between high perpen- dicular earthy banks. After running between three or four miles in this manner, it took a turn to the west, at which point there is a fine waterhole, and then assumed its original character. Below this we found water at several places ; but it all seemed to be either from surface drainage or from, springs in the sand. The land in the vicinity of the creek appears to have received plenty of rain, the vegetation everywhere being green and fresh; but there is no appearance of the creek having flowed in this part of the channel for a considerable period. Palm trees are numerous, and some bear an abundance of small round dates (nuts) just ripening. These palms give a most picturesque and pleasant appearance to the creek. Wednesday, Jan. 30.—Started at half-past 7 a.m., after several unsuccessful attempts at getting Golah out of the bed of the creek. It was determined to try bringing him down until we could find a place for him to get out at ; but after going in this way two or three miles, it was found necessary to leave him behind, as it was almost impossible to get him through some of the waterholes, and had separated King from the party, which was a matter for very serious consideration, when we found blacks hiding in the box trees close to us. COOPER'S CREEK TO CARPENTARIA. FIELD-BOOK NO. 8. CAMPS 112, 119. LAT. 19¼ DEG. TO 17 DEG. 53 MIN. LOWER PART OF CLONCURRY. RETURNING FROM CARPENTARIA TO COOPER'S CREEK. FIELD-BOOK NO. 9. SUNDAY, FEBRUARY. Finding the ground in such a state from the heavy falls of rain, that the camels could scarcely be got along, it was decided to leave them at Camp 119 and for Mr. Burke and I to proceed towards the sea on foot. After breakfast we accordingly started, taking with us the horse and three days' provisions. Our first difficulty was in crossing Billy's Creek, which we had to do where it enters the river, a few hundred yards below the camp. In getting the horse in here, he got bogged in a quicksand bank so deeply as to be unable to stir, and we only succeeded in extricating him by undermining him on the creek side, and then lunging him into the water. Having got all the things in safety, we continued down the river bank, which bent about from east to west, but kept a general north course. A great deal of the land was so soft and rotten, that the horse, with only a saddle and about 25 lbs. on his back, could scarcely walk over it. At a distance of about five miles we again had him bogged in crossing a small creek, after which he seemed so weak, that we had great doubts about getting him on. We, however, found some better ground close to the water's edge where the sandstone rock runs out, and we stuck to it as far as possible. Finding that the river was bending about so much that we were making very little progress in a northerly direction, we struck off due north, and soon came on some table-land where the soil is shallow and gravelly, and clothed with box and swamp gums. Patches of the land were very boggy, but the main portion was sound enough. Beyond this we came on an open plain, covered with water up to one's ankles. The soil here was a stiff clay, and the surface very uneven, so that between the tufts of grass one was frequently knee-deep in water. The bottom, however, was sound, and no fear of bogging. After floundering through this for several miles, we came to a path formed by the blacks, and there were distinct signs of a recent migration in a southerly direction. By making use of this path, we got on much better, for the ground was well trodden and hard. At rather more than a mile, the path entered a forest, through which flowed a nice watercourse, and we had not gone far before we found places where the blacks had been camping. The forest was intersected by little pebbly rises on which they had made their fires, and in the sandy ground adjoining some of the former had been digging yams*, which seemed to be so numerous that they could afford to leave lots of them about, probably having only selected the very best. We were not so particular, but ate many of those that they had rejected, and found them very good. About half-a-mile further, we came close on a blackfellow, who was coiling by a camp fire, whilst his gin and picaninny were yabber- ing alongside. We stopped for a short time to take out some of the pistols that were on the horse, and that they might see us before we were so near as to frighten them. Just after we stopped, the black got up to stretch his limbs, and after a few seconds looked in our direction. It was very amusing to see the way in which he stared, standing for some time as if he thought he must be dreaming, and then, having signalled to the others, they dropped on their haunches and shuffled off in the quietest manner possible. Near their fire was a fine hut, the best I have ever seen, built on the same principle as those at Cooper's Creek, but much larger and more complete. I should say a dozen blacks might comfortably coil in it together. It is situated at the end of the forest, towards the north, and looks out on an extensive marsh, which is at times flooded by sea water. Hundreds of wild geese, plover, and pelicans, were enjoying themselves in the watercourses on the marsh, all the water on which was too brackish to be drinkable, except some holes that are filled by the stream that flows through the forest. The neighborhood of this encampment is one of the prettiest we have seen during the journey. Proceeding on our course across the marsh, we came to a channel through which the sea water enters. Here we passed three blacks, who, as is universally their custom, pointed out to us, unasked, the best part down. This assisted us greatly, for the ground we were taking was very boggy. We moved slowly down, about three miles, and then camped for the night. The horse Billy being completely baked, next morning we started at daybreak, leaving the horse short hobbled. We can to-day give only the concluding portion of Mr. Wills's journal of the return from Carpentaria to Cooper's Creek :— Wednesday, April 17.—This morning, about sun- rise, Gray died. He had not spoken a word dis- tinctly since his first attack, which was just as we were about to start. Thursday, April l8.—Another creek and native camp were passed. Friday, April 19.—Camped again without water, on the sandy bed of the creek, having been followed by a lot of natives who were desirous of our com- pany; but as we preferred camping alone, we were compelled to move on until rather late in order to get away from them. The night was very cold. A strong breeze was blowing from the S., which made the fire so irregular that, as on the two previous nights, it was impossible to keep up a fair tempera- ture. Our general course throughout the day had been S.S.E. Saturday, April 20. Sunday, April 21.—Arrived at the depot this even- ing, just in time to find it deserted. A note left in the plant by Brahe communicates the pleasing infor- mation that they have started to-day for the Darling, their camels and horses all well and in good condi- tion. We and our camels being just done up, and scarcely able to reach the depot, have very little chance of overtaking them. Brahe has fortunately left us ample provisions to take us to the bounds of civilization, namely :—Flour, 50 lb. ; rice, 20 lb. ; oatmeal, 60 lb.; sugar, 60 lb. ; and dried meat, 15lb. These provisions, together with a few horse- shoes and nails and some odds and ends, constitute all the arti- cles left, and place us in a very awkward position in respect to clothing. Our disappointment at finding the depot deserted may be easily be imagined; returning in an exhausted state, after four months of the severest travelling and privation, our legs almost paralyzed, so that each of us found it a most trying task only to walk a few yards. Such a leg-bound feeling I never before experienced, and hope I never shall again. The exertion required to get up a slight piece or rising ground, even without any load, induces an indescribable sensation of pain and help- lessness, and the general lassitude makes one unfit for anything. Poor Gray must have suffered very much many times when we thought him shamming. It is most fortunate for us that these symptoms, which so early affected him, did not come on us until we were reduced to an exclusively animal diet of such an inferior description as that offered by the flesh of a worn-out and exhausted horse. We were not long in getting out the grub that Brahe had left, and we made a good supper of some oatmeal porridge and sugar. This, together with the excite- ment of finding ourselves in such a peculiar and almost unexpected position, had a wonderful effect in removing the stiffness from our legs. Whether it is possible that the vegetables can so have affected us, I know not ; but both Mr. Burke and I remarked a most decided relief and a strength in the legs greater then we had had for several days. I am inclined to think that but for the abundance of portulac that we obtained on the journey, we should scarcely have returned to Cooper's Creek at [all]. Memo.—Verbally transcribed from the field-books of the late Mr. Wills, Very few words, casually omitted in the author's manuscript, have been added in brackets. A few botanical explanations have been appended. A few separate general remarks referring to this portion of the diary will be published, together with the meteorological notes to which they are conti- guous. No other notes in reference to this portion of the journey are extant. FRED. MURLLER. Nov. 5.1861. MR. KING'S NARRATIVE. ARRIVAL AT COOPER'S CREEK, AND DEATH OF BURKE. Mr. Burke, Mr. Wills, and I, reached the depot at Cooper's Creek on April 21, about half-past 7 in the evening, with two camels, all that remained of the six Mr. Burke took with him. All the provisions we then had consisted of a pound and a half of dried meat. We found the party had gone the same day, and look- ing about for any mark they might have left, found the tree with the words DIG, April 21. Mr. Wills said the party had left for the Darling. We dug, and found the plant of stores. Mr. Burke took the papers out of the bottle, and then asked each of us whether we were able to proceed up the creek in pursuit of the party. We said not ; and he then said he thought it his duty to ask us, but that he himself was unable to do so, but that he had decided, upon trying to make Mount Hopeless, as he had been assured by the Committee in Melbourne that there was a cattle station within 150 miles of Cooper's Creek. Mr. Wills was not inclined to follow this plan, but wished to go down our old track, but at last gave in to Mr. Burke's wishes. I also wished to go down by our old track. We remained four or five days to recruit, making preparations to go down the creek by stages of four or five miles a day, and Mr. Burke placed a paper in the plant, stating what were our plans. Tra- velling down the creek, we got some fish from the natives, and, some distance down, one of the camels (Landa) got bogged ; and although we remained there that day and part of the next trying to dig him out, we found our strength insufficient to do so. The evening of the second day we shot him as he lay, and having cut off as much meat as we could we lived on it while we stayed to dry the remainder. Throwing all the least necessaiy things away, we made one load for the remaining camel (Rajah), and each of us carried a swag of about 25 lbs. We were then tracing down the branches of the creek running south, but found that they ran out into earthy plains. We had understood that the creek along Gregory's track was continuous, and finding that all these creeks ran out into plains, Mr. Burke returned, our camel being completely knocked up. We then in- tended to give the camel a spell for a few days, and to make a new attempt to push on 40 or 50 miles to the south, in the hope of striking the creek. During the time that the camel was being rested, Mr. Burke and Mr. Wills went in search of the natives, to endeavor to find out how the nardoo grew. Having found their camp, they obtained as much nardoo cake and fish as they could eat, but could not explain that they wished to be shown how to find the seed themselves. They re- turned on the third day, bringing some fish and nardoo cake with them. On the following day the camel Rajah seemed very ill, and I told Mr. Burke I thought he could not linger out more than four days; and as on the same evening the poor brute was on the point of dying, Mr. Burke ordered him to be shot. I did so, and we cut him him up with two broken knives and a lancet. We cured the meat, and planted it ; and Mr. Burke then made another attempt to find the nardoo, taking me with him. We went down the creek, expecting to find the natives at the camp where they had been last seen, but found that they had left; and not knowing whether they had gone up or down the creek, we slept in their gunyana that night, and on the following morn- ing returned to Mr. Wills. The next day Mr. Burke and I started up the creek, but could see nothing of them, and were three days away, when we returned and remained three days in our camp with Mr. Wills. We then made a plant of all the articles we could not carry with us, leaving 5 lbs. of rice and a quantity of meat, and then followed up the creek to where there were some good native huts. We remained at that place a few days, and finding that our provisions were beginning to run short, Mr. Burke said that we ought to do some- thing, and that if we did not find the nardoo we should starve, and that he intended to save a little dried meat and rice to carry us to Mount Hopeless. The three of us then came to the conclusion that it would be better to make a second attempt to reach Mount Hopeless, as we were then as strong as we were likely to be, our daily allowance being then reduced. Mr. Burke asked each of us whether we were willing to make another attempt to reach the South Australian settlements, and w« decided on going. We took with us what remained of the provisions we had planted—two and a half pounds of oatmeal, a small quantity of flour, and the dried meat—this, with powder and shot, and other small articles, made ,up our swags to 30 lbs each, and Mr. Burke carried one billy of water, and I another. We had not gone far before we came on a flat, where I saw a plant growing which I took to be clover, and on look- ing closer saw the feed, and called out that I had found the nardoo. They were very glad when I found it. We travelled three days, and struck a watercourse coming south from Cooper's Creek. We traced this, as it branched out and reformed on the plains, until we at last lost it in flat country. Sandhills were in front of us, for which we made, and travelled all day, but found no water. We were all greatly fatigued, as our rations now consisted of only one small johnny cake and three sticks of dried meat daily. We camped that evening about 4 o'clock, intending to push next day until 2 o'clock p.m., and then, should we not find water to return. We travelled and found no water, and the three of us sat down and rested for an hour, and then turned back. We all felt satisfied that, had there been a few days' rain, we could have got through. We were then, according to Mr. Wills's calculation, forty-five miles from the creek. We travelled on the day we turned back very late, and the following evening reached the nearest water at the creek. We gathered some nardoo and boiled the seeds, as we were unable to pound them. The following day we reached the main creek, and, knowing where there was a fine waterhole and native gunyahs, we went there, intending to save what remained of our flour and dried meat, for the purpose of making another attempt to reach Mount Hopeless. On the following day, Mr. Wills and I went out to gather nardoo, of which we obtained a supply sufficient for three days, and, finding a pounding stone at the gunyahs, Mr. Burke and I pounded the seed, which was such slow work that we were compelled to use half flour and half nardoo. Mr. Burke and Mr. Wills then went down the creek for the remainder of the dried meat which we had planted, and we had now all our way with us, gathering nardoo, and living the best, way we could. Mr. Burke requested Mr. Wills to go up the creek as far as the depot, and to place a note in the plant there, stating that we were then living on the creek, the former note having stated that we were on our road to South Australia. He also was to bury there the field-books of the journev to the Gulf. Before starting he got 3 lbs. of flour and 4 lbs. of pounded nardoo, and about a pound of meat, as he expected to be absent about eight days. During his absence I gathered nardoo and pounded it, as Mr. Burke wished to lay in a supply in case of rain. A few days after Mr. Wills left, some natives came down the creek to fish at some waterholes near our camp. They were very civil to us at first, and offered us some fish. On the second day they came again to fish, and Mr. Burke took down two bags, which they filled for him. On the third day they gave us one bag of fish and afterwards all came to our camp. We used to keep our ammunition and other articles in one gunyah, and all three of us live together in another. One of the natives took an oilcloth out of this gunyah, and Mr. Burke seeing him run away with it, fol- lowed him with his revolver, and fired over his head, and upon this the native dropped the oil- cloth. While he was away the other blacks invited me away to a waterhole to eat fish ; but I declined to do so, as Mr. Burke was away, and a number of natives were about who would have taken all our things. When I refused, one took his boomerang and laid it over my shoulder, and then told me by signs that it I called out for Mr. Burke, as I was doing, that he would strike me. Upon this I got them all in front of the gunyah and fired a revolver over their heads, but they did not seem at all afraid, until I got out the gun, when they all ran away. Mr. Burke, hearing the report, came back, and we saw no more of them until late that night, when they came with some cooked fish, and called out, " White fellow." Mr. Burke then went out with his revolver, and found a whole tribe coming down, all painted, and with fish in small nets carried by two men. Mr. Burke went to meet them, and they wished to surround him ; but he knocked as many of the nets of fish out of their hands as he could, and shouted out to me to fire. I did so, and they ran off. We collected five small nets of cooked fish. The reason he would not accept the fish from them was, that he was afraid of being too friendly lest they should be always at our camp. We then lived on fish until Mr. Wills returned. He told us that he had met the natives soon after leaving us, and that they were very kind to him, and had given him plenty to eat both on going up and returning. He seemed to con- sider that he should have very little difficulty in living with them, and as their camp was close to ours, he returned to them the same day, and found them vary hospitable and friendly, keeping him with them two days. They then made signs to him to be off. He came to us and narrated what had happened, but went back to them the following day, when they gave him his breakfast, but made signs for him to go away. He pre tended not to understand them, and not go, upon which they made signs that they were going up the creek, and that he had better go down. They packed up, and left the camp, giving Mr. Wills a little nardoo to take to us. During his absence, while Mr. Burke was cooking some fish, during a strong wind, the flames caught the gunyah, and burned so rapidly that we were unable, not only to put it out, but to save any of our things, ex- cepting one revolver and a gun. Mr. Wills being re- turned, it was decided lo go up the creek and live with the natives, if possible, as Mr. Wills thought we should have but little difficulty in obtaining provisions from them if we camped on the opposite side of the creek to them. He said he knew where they were gone, so we packed up and started. Coming to the gunyahs, where we expected to have found them, we were disappointed, and, seeing a nardoo field close by, halted, intending to make it our camp. For some time we were employed gathering nardoo and laying up a supply. Mr. Wills and I used to collect and carry home a bag each day, and Mr. Burke generally pounded sufficient for our dinner during our absence ; but Mr. Wills found himself getting very weak, and was shortly unable to go out to gather nardoo as before, nor even strong enough to pound it, so that in a few days he became almost helpless. I still continued gathering : and Mr. Burke now also began to feel very weak, and said he could be of very little use in pounding. I had now to gather and pound for all three of us. I continued to do this for a few days, but finding my strength rapidly failing, my legs being very weak and painful. I was unable to go out for several days, and we were compelled to consume six days' stock which we had laid by. Mr. Burke now proposed that I should gather as much as possible in three days, and that with this supply we should go in search of the natives—a plan which had been urged upon us by Mr. Wills as the only chance of saving him and ourselves as well, as he clearly saw that I was no longer able to collect sufficient for our wants. Having collected the seed, as proposed, and having pounded sufficient to last Mr. Wills for eight days, and two days for ourselves, we placed water and firewood within his reach, and started. Before leaving him, however, Mr. Burke asked him {whether he still wished it, as under no other circumstances would he leave him ; and Mr. Wills again said that he looked on it as our only chance. He then gave Mr. Burke a letter and his watch for his father, and we buried the remainder of the field- books near the gunyah. Mr. Wills said that, in case of my surviving Mr. Burke, he hoped that I would carry out his last wishes, in giving the watch and letter to his father. In travelling the first day Mr. Burke seemed very weak, and complained of great pain in his legs and back. On the second day he seemed to be better, and said that he thought he was getting stronger, but, on starting, did not go two miles before he said he could go no further. I persisted in his trying to go on, and managed to get him along several times, until I saw that he was almost knocked up, when he said he could not carry his swag, and threw all he had away. I also reduced mine, taking nothing but a gun and some powder and shot, and a small pouch and some matches. On starting again we did not go far before Mr. Burke said we should halt for the night ; but as the place was close to a large sheet of water, and exposed to the wind, I prevailed on him to go a little further to the next reach of water, where we camped. We searched about, and found a few small patches of nardoo, which I col- lected and pounded, and, with a crow which I shot, made a good evening's meal. From the time we halted, Mr. Burke seemed to be getting worse, although he ate his supper. He said he felt convinced he could not last many hours, and gave me his watch, which he said belonged to the Committee, and a pocketbook to give to Sir William Stawell, and in which he wrote some notes. He then said to me, " I hope you will remain with me here till I am quite dead —it is a comfort to know that some one is by ; but when I am dying it is my wish that you shall place the pistol in my right hand, and that you leave me unburied as I lie." That night he spoke very little, and the following morning I found him speechless, or nearly so ; and about 8 o'clock he expired. I remained a few hours there, but as I saw there was no use in remaining longer, I went up the creek in search of the natives. I felt very lonely, and at night usually slept in deserted wurleys belonging to the natives. Two days after leaving the spot where Mr. Burke died I found some gunyahs, where the natives had deposited a bag of nardoo, sufficient to last me a fortnight, and three bundles containing various articles. I also shot a crow that evening, but was in great dread that the natives would come and deprive me of the nardoo. I remained there two days to recover my strength, and then returned to Mr. Wills. I took back three crows, but found him lying dead in his gunyah, and the natives had been there and had taken away some of his clothes. I buried the corpse with sand, and remained there some days ; but finding that my stock of nardoo was running short, and being unable to gather it, I tracked the natives who had been to the camp by their footprints in the sand, and went some dis- tance down the creek, shooting crows and hawks on the road. The natives, hearing the report of the gun, came to meet me, and took me with them to their camp, giving me nardoo and fish. They took the birds I had shot and cooked them for me, and afterwards showed me a gunyah, where I was to sleep with three of the single men. The following morning they commenced talking to me, and putting one finger on the ground and cover- ing it with sand, at the same time pointing up the creek, saying, " Whitefellow," which I understood to mean that one white man was dead. From this I knew that they were the tribe who had taken Mr. Wills's clothes. They then asked me where the third white man was, and I also made the sign of putting two fingers on the ground and covering them with sand, at the same time pointing up the creek. They appeared to feel great compassion for me when they understood that I was alone on the creek, and gave me plenty to eat. After being four days with them I saw that they were becoming tired of me, and they made signs that they were going up the creek, and that I had better go downwards ; but I pretended not to understand them. The same day they shifted camp, and I followed them ; and on reaching their camp I shot some crows, which pleased them so much that they made me a breakwind in the centre of their camp, and came and sat round me until such time as the crows were cooked, when they assisted me to eat them. The same day one of the women to whom I had given part of a crow came and gave me a ball of nardoo, saying that she would give me more only she had such a sore arm that she was unable to pound. She showed me a sore on her arm, and the thought struck me that I would boil some water in the billy and wash her arm with a sponge. During the operation the whole tribe sat round, and were muttering one to another. Her husband sat down by her side, and she was crying all the time. After I had washed it, I touched it with some nitrate of silver, when she began to yell and ran off, crying '.Mokow! Mokow!" (Fire! fire!) From this time she and her husband used to give me a small quantity of nardoo both night and morning, and whenever the tribe were about going on a fishing excursion he used to give me notice to go with them. They also used to assist me in making a gourley, or breakwind, whenever they shifted camp. I generally shot a crow, or a hawk, and gave it to them in return for these little services. Every four or five days the tribe would surround me, and ask whether I intended going up or down the creek ; at last I made them understand that if they went up I should go up the creek, and if they went down I should also go down, and from this time they seemed to look upon me as one of themselves, and supplied me with fish and mardoo regularly. They were very anxious, however, to know where Mr. Burke lay ; and one day when we were fishing in the water- holes close by I took them to the spot. On seeing his remains the whole party wept bitterly, and covered him with bushes. After this they were much kinder to me than before ; and I always told them that the white men would be here before two moons ; and in the evenings, when they came with nardoo and fish, they used to talk about the " whitefellows" coming, at the same time pointing to the moon. I also told them they would receive many presents, and they constantly asked me for tomahawks, called by them " Bomayko.'" From this time to when the relief party arrived—a period of about a month—they treated me with uniform kindness, and looked upon me as one of themselves. The day on which I was released one of the tribe who had been fishing came and told them that the whitefellows were coming, and the whole of the tribe who were then in camp sallied out in every direction to meet the party, while the man who had brought the news took me across the creek, where I shortly saw the party coming down. 