JUX PL ORATION OF THE INTERIOR | T11 Jv BUKIvE AND WILLS HXPKDITIOX. At a mecfj))"- of the Exploration Committee on Wednesday afternoon, ,s,> AVillirun Stuwellin t h« chair, tlie report of the sub-committee aprd £ A'V.';'!lcr 10,1,1 ,thc transcript of the journal of Mr. V\ ills, a portion of which we r;v It was stated that the ionm-il 1,0,1 ) i * (o contain several Wa,,k.J E I iouai\ to have been air. Mills' intention to fill?®! wore convenient time. .' it was suggested bv Professor M'Cov tl.nf o . Jt wol,}(1 aI1l>V,rth* porn- had gone a day', diary! > ^ ^ ^ TtSrd . ,Sl,mc T«noran«la by Mr. Bnrkc of the ouUv.nl jonnugr were also read, but tho.se are said to K a very fragmentary character. A special vote of thanks was accorded to the sub-committee for the care and despatch vith which they had transcribed the docmncL . UN !,t:,tw!Itha'V»fi>r«wti.in had been received qmttSwttr*'-''5* p:^s;s»xs;! ",°,S ° """ "« on "fe WILLS' JOIAHY, COOPER S CBEKK TO CAKI-J5STAB! t. rrn, . . iieid-bouk Ko. i. ^the ception of the last two days "X l&'S To Sunday, 10th Dee, 1SG0.-The two hor.es lnvin" been shod, and our reports n" forty minutes past six u rn f!" sd ,nt party consisting of Mr liurke mvt lf r? ? Charley, having with "s SK ..Lu" '1KlnK' ami three months' provisions AV<. f ii °IK!i ?rsc- an^ crock to the point where Ui" ^ down the the creek, and were a^S'?"6,hW "T Jiralie, who would return to tM-f i !? J b-v Down to this poi.it the banks of ^hTert^l-'aV^'''0'* rugged and stop v. but there U n t \ lu-kaie very grass and salt bush in the'vicinitv. "IwS of blacks came pestering us t0 . f"^ J.'"^cof have a dance, which we declined -r,"1' '?""P i,,,d troublesome, and nothing but t'lm th^T" ! C'T them will keep them away L,to shoot easily frightened, and, althou'-h lhm i .i'°"'ever' decidedly not of a wariike d^l; . °(^"'C 'I1T' the greatest inclination to take wha'teVertP T but will run no unnecessary rtV- , . c'-v can' seldom carry any weapons v 'V° 'V-'fi T''Cy large kiI](i of 1>oon J. ' |ix"I,'j.a s'"eld and a known to them.' Thev re un? * " b° quile u"" better looking race of'men h ? n ! n fi"er a,ul Murray and ItarYn^":^ J'* respects I believe they did ' I !" 0 r rtl, liir fn>in JS,"E£l «?»> ^ Monday, 17th Deo..-\Ve'enntin"n,i <. n the creek Vnimrl ;>= v 0 cont)1>"ed to follow down en 3SLSS , Sts W. At about n"!on we pa^ d ,hl ,e'Vthe? ^ N distance beyond which the''creek run:l ent I"* ter^wfo'fc"" f?'"'"-''*"""') f,at = but the tim -i,i. I",w ».t g-fS!Sr "'fi"' S«s piaiSsig t I.C was, toourastonisluneut, 73 de?. ' At haif-past positivelv eofd °m i ior Jri"!ciill? appeared unlrr f . T 11 ten'I,(?rature to be pleasant indc-r t".. circumstances A remarkable so t e lv squall came on between live and six rit r!r"i appearance of rain. The sky however soon cleared ""lar mv"u r'f^'/'VT'1 f" b'"V !L ^uaiir:l"cl irrel \v " flom the same quarter at eveninir ilt a 'luarter #,f p / ' r," m hat satniieit to be the end nor^i o'f'wes^-0 C' T® ^ a C°UrSL' ;l little £o the snnoofM ' 1,nte"dlnK t0 try and obtain water in r-ros!ed ali'r H ^ mc'luioneii that he bad , 'nild A\ t!ui s;1,ne tmia to see whether they had b-en hl-Mf ^°ni the niiiniier jn which it b^h^rth^e^^io,,which tw* series of-anrl Ti», *n v ' soou came £o a tween "n j'tlf S' °1V1,ieh Werc he' flLfnf 7S'WC ha,We JO he !,i"n(lated by the over Xo»:» zz SrJS-c err!uid *ith no boles fit to holHsumllv of S Ar.mC' ten miles we crossed a larire earthr ft if [. ,'^.t ab.out State T *-? fjj i \ ' elns much cracked up, and inler cirried off '!uJllmi~ £ channels, winch continuallv vallevs 1! ^""G-r a iai'Se CreGk' Some °f tlie ajlLvs he)onu this were very prettj' tho around sound, and covered with" fresh plants" which weiialud" i°°k 1'0lu"lf'lll-v' SreRn- At'fifteen miles, tin ¥ where two Iar:;e plains joined. Our atten tocis ni(rnM,U" ! ;ictet' bf" S01"e red-breasted cocka lotis, pigeons, a crow, and several other birds, who.e far off-Vm?' o "S1 M!r<i ")at U,erC' "'as wator not . 'f,.: "" our hopes were soon destroyed bv tind f .tnt .' '.VlJ11St ;lr-v,u* Ic ontulnnl just siif to el make UjC' c;*y h0"''y- M '«> minutes Pvre s ("rrpi- M\vC v,n,"\r' ? stewinB straight for nVbf ^ ^ ,b-v intending to make a good !i 1VWT3',llToU] !he )ieat of tl,e fJav ; b"t so I li?,"f a ,"'e c/""e t0 a croek. "'hid'i ioxked «ndin" vn 'V »' tor !i distance, and " tn? °r f lree waterholes of good milky water an r,b'lPC rr <? n,,sl,t- This tn,lb!e<i "le to secure a« "e rVat,°n i ?" ®C"PS0 of Jupiter's I satellite _ ell as some latitude observations. The ni«iit find it\C' i1 1Ut "S(!l;i tllC water as a horizo". but I for mvp "l """'e sat!sfactory to take the mercurv, ioi several reasons. * t,.;PrU;rs,k-v' f.lf Ueeember (20 ?)-We did not leave fill tbe"P('m i half-P?st '^''t. having delayed to re us found f i" WU ' 1Ui"Cy fl'atei'' which a" of more nl a treilt a»ai"' U is v the s unri Ha'n ° dl'mk tiUJ Cieai' »'llter' ;l»d. «"» here \\\V lw%nf°r? Our course from trv ii'r|,H . r i ^ Us sol"e pretty coun «ei't v' l^nn /" Wed. and r" ~"1- We could . K. line oi creek timber winding throuirh the valley on our left. At a distance of five S there as a bush-fire on its banks, and beyond it the creek either TveSer,','aW-e "1C SW' At t,v" mi,cs N |)V \y " -'i' °fu ia'gU ia&ro;(,n' hearing would seem1h > . "! i" '"T0 ,ve.ca'"Pe'l on what it enters I'u- I "ne fc ni"r,1t, near where 'md ^ut- t i f"T!'° '"Htr is "f KT* e«ent, ,rhh wildfowl i'1'"" <',1't|1,'ty of water, which swarms Ion- i J ? every deioription. It is verv siial lutid saenpr®urro,*nJe<1 l)>" the most pleasing wood fre«ham ";.' und =ver.vl ll'"" 11,0 vicinity looks the l'if " Le"' . ''reek near its junction with sis ft r'Z contains some good water-holes, five to wiiich is v-'i-v 1 'V il^° '°llnd a sai"'-v alluvium, Cimn J \ / wlie" w«- There was a larue P of not le5a """i forty or fifty blacks near where wc stopped. lliev broiifrlit (is presents officii, for \ Inch n o pave them some beads ;ui<l matches. These hsli ive toinid to he .1 most valuable addition to our latioiis. Ihcy were of the same kind as we had found elsewhere, hut finer, being "inL, t0 k" ? i d two to three inches deep, and in such [rood con dition that Ihev might have been fried in their own hit. It is a remarkable fact, that these were the first blacks who had offered Us any fish since we reached Cooper s Creek. I'riday, slat December.-We left Camp 7(1 at half past five a.m., and tried to induce one or two of the blacks to ,;o With us, hut it was of no use. Keep',,, mir former course, we were pulled up at three miles a fine lagoon, and then bv the creek that flows into if - the latter being full of water, we were Obliged to trace it a mile up before we could enm l unserved on its banks two wild plants of the ground or melon tribe ; one much resembling a stunted cucumber, the other, botli in leaf and appearance of fruit, was very similar to a small model ofa watermelon Cmuc/iia micriintha). Hie kittur plant t also found at tamp ns. On tasting the pulp of the newlv found fruit, which was ahout the size ofa large pcn/lfonml it to be so acrid that it was with difficulty that I re moved the taste from my month. At eight or nine miles iron? where we crossed the creek' we passed another large lagoon leaving it two miles on on, left, and shoi ly aiierwards w« saw one nearly as far on ?;ir."Ilg> , , !1S lastwe should have availed our sehes o. but that we expected to find water in a eiet'lv which we could see. by the timber lining its mnks, flowed from the lagoon on our left, and crossed our course a.ew miles ahead. We readied it at a Uislance of four or five miles further, and found a Bpk.i.did m aterhole, at winch we camped. The creek . tins point flows in a northerly direction, through a IilrKe lightly timbered flat, on which it partially 1 tins out. _ I he ground is. however, sound and well clothed with grass and salsolaeeous plants Un to Ins point the country through which we have passed has been of the finest description for pastoral pur pose's. J he .Trass and saltbush arc erervwhere abun dant, and water is plentiful, with every appear,-nice °f Permanence. We met with porcupine grass ( J no,ha pumjens, Br.), and only two sand-rid-es before reaching Camp 71. * T-.. , , c°OI*En's CILKKIv TO t'.VIt.V.NTAIUA. Pield-Book 2so. 2. Lat 27 deg to 25i deg. Stations "2 to 73. Saturday, 22nd December.-At five minutes to five a.m. n e left one of the most, delightful enmos we have had m the journey, and proceeded on the same course a* before, AW by .V, across some high ridges of loose sand, many oi which were partially clothed with por cupine grass. We found the ground much worse to travel over than any we have yet met with. As the ridges were exceedingly abrupt and steep on their eastern side, and although sloping gradually towards the west, were so honeycombed in some places by the burrows of rats, that the camels were continually in i danger of tailing. At a distance of about six miles we descended from these ridges to undulating country i of open box forest, where everything was green and i resli. 'i here is an abundance of grass and salt bushes, and lots of birds of all descriptions. Several flocks of pigeons passed over our heads, inakin"- for a point a little to our right, where there is no doubt plenty ot water, but we did not go off our course to look- for it. Beyond the box forest, which kept away to the right, we again entered the sand-ridges, and at I a distance oI six miles passed close to a drv salt i lagoon, the ridges in the vicinity of which are less ! iogul.tr in their f irm and direction, and contain no- i dales ot limestone. The ground in the fiats and clav- I pans near has that encrusted surface that cracks ; uiuler the pressure of the foot, and is a sure indica- i tion ot the presence of saline deposits. At a distance oi eight miles from the lagoon, we camped at the foot ot a sand-ridge, jutting out on the Stony Desert. I was rather disappointed, but not altogether sur prised, to find the hitter nothing more nor less than I the stony rises that we had be/ore met with, only on ' a larger scale, and not quite so undulating. During the afternoon several crows came to feed on the plain. 'I hey came from an EXE direction, no doubt from a portion of tho creek that flows through the forest that we left on our right. In the morning, as we were loading, a duck passed over, but ' H was too dark to see which way it went. Sunday, 23rd December.-At five a.m, we struck out across the desert in a WWW direction. At four miles and a halt we crossed a sand ridge, and then returned to our XW by N course. Wo found the ground not nearly so had for travelling on as that between lJulioo and Cooper's Creek ; in fact, I do not know whether it arose from our exaggerated an ticipation of horrors or not, but we thought it far iiom bad travelling ground, and as to pasture, it is only tho actually stony ground that is bare, and many a sheep run is, in fact, .worse grazing than that. At fifteen miles we crossed another sand riilge, for several miles around which there is plenty ofgra^s and line saltbush. After crossing this ri»l**e v. e descended to an earthy plain, where the ground was rather heavy, being in some places like pieces of slaked lime, and intersected by .small watercourses J'locks ot pigeons rose from amongst the salt- bushes ami polygonum, but all the creeks were dry al though marked by lines of box timber. Several gun yahs o, the blacks were situated near a waterhole that had apparently contained water very lately, and heaps of grass were lying about the plains,'from which they had beaten the seeds. Wo pushed on, hoping to hud the creeks assuming an improved ap pearance, but they did not, and at one o'clock we halted, intending to travel through part of the night. About sunset three flocks of pigeons passed over us, a going in the same direction, due north by com pass, and passing over a ridge of sand in that direc tion. >.ot to have taken notice of such an occur rence would have been little short of a sin, so we de termined to go eight or ten miles in that direction. Starting at seven o'clock p.m, we, at six miles | crossed the ridge over which the birds had flown' and catne on a fiat subject to inundation. The ground was at first hard and even, like the bottom of a clay pan, but at a mile or so we came on cracked earthy ground, intersected by numberless small channels running in all directions. At nine miles, ive reached the bed of a creek running from east to west ; it was only bordered by polygonum bushes, but as there was no timber visible on the plains, we thought it safer to halt until daylight, for fear we would miss the water. At daylight, when we had saddled, a small quantity of timber could he seen, at the point of a saud-ridge, about one and a half to two miles to the west of us, and on going there we found a fine creek, with a Bplemlid sheet of water, more than a mile long, j?and averaging nearly three chains broad ; it is, however, only two or three leeL deep in most parts. Monday, 24th December.-We took a day of rest on Gray's Creek, to celebrate Christmas, this was douoly pleasant, as we had never in our most san guine moments anticipated finding such a delightful oasis in the desert. Our camp was really an a"ree ableplace, for wo had all the advantages of'food"and water attending a position on a large creek or river and were at the same time free of the annoyance of tne numberless ants, flies, and mosquitoes that tire in variably met with amongst timber or heavy scrub. Tuesday. 25th December.-We left Gray's Creek at half past four a.m., and proceeded to cross the earthy rotten plains in the direction of Eyre's Creek. At a distance of about nine miles, we reached some lines of trees and bushes, which 'were visible from the top of the sand-ridge at Gray's Creek." J We found them growing on the banlrs'of several Rinall creeks, which trend to the Nand NXW. At a mile and a half further we crossed a small creek, NNE, and joining the ones above mentioned. Tins creelc contained abundance of wafer, in small detached holes, from fifty to one hundred links long, well shaded by steep banks and overhanging bushes! The water had a suspiciously transparent colour! and a slight taste of bracldshness, but the latter was scarcely perceptible, Near where the creek joined them is a sandhill, and a dense mass of fine timber. The smoke of a fire indicated the presence of blacks, who soon made their appearance, and followed us' for some distance, beckoning us away to the NK. We, however, continued our course N W bv N, but, at a distance of a mile and "a 'half] found that the creeks did not come round as we expected, and that the fall of the wafer was in a direction nearly opposite to our course, or about west to east. We struck off .V i W for a high sand ridge, from which we anticipated seeing whether it were worth while for us to follow the course of the creeks we had crossed. We were surprised to find all the water-courses on the plains trending rather to the south of east; and at a distance of three miles, after changing our course, and when we approached ths sand hills towards which we had been steering, we were agreeably pulled up by a magnificent creek coming from the N N W, and running in tho direc tion of the fire we had seen. We had now no choice but to change our course again, for we could not have crossed even if we had desired to do so. On follow ing up the south hank of the creek, we found it soon keeping a more northerly course than it had where we first struck it. This fact, together with magni tude and general appearance, lessened the proba bility of its being Eyre's Creek, as seemed at first very likely troni tlir-ir relative positions and direc tions. Tiie ilav being very hot, ami !'i- ":imcls '''"P'1 from travelling <>v< r the i arthy plain.". « :;ic 1 >. b> >iit> In, arc not nearly so l»nf 1 nr. those at the 1Jca' 1 of Cooper's Creel;, wo camped at one o'clock p.m., hal ing traccd the creek up about live miles. not counting tlic bends. For the whole of this distance we found nr.t :i break or interruption of water, which ajipears io lie very deep. The hank? are from twenty to thirt v feet above the water. atul very steep ; they are clothed near the water's edge with mini ami other weeds, and on the top of eaeh side there is a licit o! box trees am! various shrubs. The lower part of the creek is hounded towards the north by a hi;:h red sand-ridge, and oil "he smith side is an extensive plain, intersected by numerous water courses, which drain oil' the water in llnod time. The greator por tion of the plain is at present very bare, hut the stalks of dry grass show that after rain or tl.iods there will be p. good crop on the harder and ivoll-drained portion, hut I believe the loose earthy portion stip-^ ports no vegetation at any time. The inclination ol tiie ground from the edge of the creek hank towards the plain is in many places very considerable. This I should take to indicate that the flooding is or has been at one time both frcjiit til ami regular. Wednesday, 2Gt!i December.-We started at five a.m., following up the creek from point to point of the bends. Its general course was at first N by W, l>ut at. about six miles the sand ridge on the west closed in on it, and at this point it takes a turn to the N N K tor half a mile, and then comes round suddenly N1V. Up to this point it had been rather improving in appearance than otherwise, but in the bend to the If W the channel is very broad, its bed being lime stone roek and indurated clay; is, for a space of live or six chains, quite dry. then commences another waterhole, the creek keeping a little more towards If. We crossed the creek here, and struck across the plain on a due N course, for we could see the line of timber coming up to the sand ridges in that direction, for a distance of seven or eight miles. We did not. touch the creel:, and the eastern sand-ridge receded to a distance, in some places of nearly three miles, from our line, leaving an immense extent of grassy plain between it anil the creek. The distinctly marked feature on the lower part of this creek is, that whenever the main creek is on one side of a plain, there is always a fine billvbongon the opposite side, each of them almost invariably sticking close to the respective sand ridges. Before coming to the next bend of the creek, a view from the top of a sand hill showed me that the creek receives a large tribu tary from the N XV, at about two miles above where we hail crossed it. A fir.e lino of timber, running up to the NW, joined an extensive tract, of box lbrest, and the branch we were following was lost to view in a similar forest towards the If. The sand ridge was so abrupt when we came to the creek, that it was ne cessary to descend into its bed through one of the small ravines adjoining it. We found i t partially run out, the bed being sand, and strewed with nodules of lime, some of which were one and a-half to two feet long. They had apparently beon formed in the sand downs by infiltration. COOl'Elt'S' CRKF.K TO CARPENTARIA. Field Book No. 3. Lat.S 25* deg to 23$. dog: ' Stations 78 to 85. . ; Sunday, 30th December;--Finding' that this' creek .was .trending considerably, fowards;tliq east, without much likelihood of; altering! its course,' wo 'stijuck'off from it, taking aten days' siipply'of'water; 'as, there were ranges visible to the .north, whioh had tiie ap pearance of being stony'.' .A,'N E by N ,Course- was first taken' for about 'seven miles; in order , to ' avoid them. The,whole of tliis'distane'e was over.,iiUuyial earthy plain's^'tlie soil of which was iirin, but the. ve getation'scanty/ ? '. ' . "COOPER'S cnwiic to CARPENTARIA*-, Field-book No. .4.,, Camp 85 to 90... Lat 23f deg to l22J deg. Fine Country-Tropics. . . , ; ? Saturday, 5th January.-On leaving Camp 84 we found slight, but distinct indications of rain in the grooves, and a few blades of grass and small weeds in the little depressions on the plain. These indications were, however, so slight that but for the fact of our having found surface water in two holes near our camp, we should har-ly have noticed them. At a distance of about two miles, in a N N E direction,.we came to a creek with a long, broad, shallow.water hole. The well-worn paths, the recent tracks: of natives, and the heaps of shells, on the contents of which the latter had feasted, showed at once that, this creek must beconnccted with some creek pf consider able importance. The camels and horses- lieing greatly in need of rest, we only moved up;.about half a mile, and camped for the day. . *.vi. ( Sunday, Gth January.-Started at twenty minutes to six o'clock, intending to make an easy day's stage along the creek. As we proceeded up in. a northerly direction, ivo found the waterhole to diminish in size very much, and at about two and a half miles the creek rati, out in a lot of small water courses. At the upper end of the creek we found in its bed what appeared to be an arrangement for catching fish. It consisted of a small oval mud paddock, about 12 feet by 8 feet, the sides of which were about nine inches above the bottom of the hole and the top of the fence, covered with long grass, so arranged that the ends of the blades overhung scantily by several inches the sides of the hole. As there was no sign of timber to the N, we. struck off to N W by If for a fine line of timber that came up from the SW, aiul seemed to run parallel with the creek we were about to leave. At a distance of about three miles we reached the bank of a fine creek, and containing a sheet of water two chains broad, at least fifteen feet deep in the middle. The hanks are shelving, sandy, and lightly clothed with box trees and various shrubs. Ou starting to cross the plains towards this creek, we were surprised at the bright green appearance of strips of land, which look in the distance like swamps; on approaching some of them we found that there had been a considerable fall of rain in some places, which had raised a fine crop of grass and portulac (purtulaca nlerasca, L), wherever the soil was^ of a gaudy and light nature, but the amount of moisture had been insulii ient to affect the hard clayey ground, which constitutes the main portion of the plain. The sight of two native companions feeding here, added greatly to the encouraging prospects ; they are the only specimens id' that bird that 1 remember to have seen on that side of the Darling. Monday, 7th Jan.-Wc started at half-past four a.m., without water, thinking I hat we might safely rely on this creek for one day's journey. We, how ever, found the line of timber soon begin to look small; at three miles the channel contained only a few pools of surface water. We continued across the plains on a dnc north course, frequently crossing small watercourses, which had been filled bytherain, hut were fust drying up, Ifere and there, as we pro ceeded. dense lines of timber on o 'r right showed that the creek came from the east of north. At^a I distance of thirteen miles wo turned to the NNR, towards a fine line of timber. We found a creek ol considerable dimensions, that had only two or three small waterhole* ; but as there was more than suffi cient for us, and very little feed for the beasts unv wliere else, we camped. I should lrive liked this camp to have been in a more prominent and easily recognized position, as it happens to be almost exactly on the tropic of Capricorn. The tremendous gale of wind that we had in the evening and night prevented me from taking a latitude observation, whereas I had some good ones at the last camp, and at (..'amp 88. Jify reckoning cannot lie far out. I found on taking out my instruments, one of the spare thermometers was broken, and the glass of my aneroid barometer cracked-the latter, 1 believe, not otherwise injur'.'d. This was done bv the e.iiuol having taken it into his head to roll while the puck was on his back. Tuesday, 8th January.-Started at a quarter past five a.m., with a load of water, determined to he in dependent of all creeks and watercourses. At a mile and a half :ound (surface water in a small crock, and at a mile further, water in two or three places on the open plains. The country we crossed for the first ten miles consists of fine open plains of firm argillaceous soil, too still' and hard to be affected by the small quantity of rain that has fallen as yet. They are subject to inundations from the overflow of a number of small creeks which intersect thvm in a direction KXK to WbW. Nearly all the creeks are lined with box trees and shrubs, in a tolerably healthy^ state. Of the remains of dead trees, there is only a fair pro portion to the living ones. After traversing a plain of greater extent than the rest, we, at ten miles, reached the creek, proportionately large and import ant looking. The channel, however, at the point where we struck it, was deep, level, and dry. but i believe there is water in it not. far off; for there were some read-breasted cockatoos in the trees, and native parrots on eaeh side. On the north side there is v part hearing off to the N'.N'W. The mirage on the plain t« the south of the creek was stronger than 1 haie before seen it. There appear to be sheets of water within a few yard* of one, and it looks suffici ently smooth and glassy to be used for an artificial horizon. To the westward of the plains some fine sandhills were visible, nearly in the direc tion in which the creek flowed. To the north of the creek the country undergoes a great change. At first there is a little earthy land subject to inundation. The soil then becomc3 more | "(nuly, the Monv psiis in wl.iehfwati'r collects after [ r.iin ; the whole country is slightly undulating, | !»ghtiy timbered ami in lit? 1 y grassed. A number ' ol' .'ini.ill disconnected creeks are se.nttered about, ii a iy of which contained valor, protected from the h1111 ami wind iiy a luxuriant growth of line }jrasscs an 1 sinall hushes. We parsed one or two little rises 11!' iiud ]n hlile:', on which Mere growing snmo trees quite new to me ; but for the seed pods, 1 should hare taken them for a aperies of nisiiaiimi. although the leaf-stalks have not the jointed pecu liarities of those plants. The trunks and brunches are like I he sheouk, the leaves like tho=e of a pine ; tliey droop like a willow, and the seed is small, llat, in a large Hat ])od about six inches by three-quarters ofun inch. As we proceeded, the country improved at every step. Flocks of pigeons rose and lieu- oil'to the eastward, mid fresh plants met our view on every rise ; everything green and luxuriant. Tlio horse licked his lips, and tried nil lie could to break hi> nose-string in order to get at the food. Wo camped at the foot of a sandy rise, where, there was a large stony pan with plenty of water, and where the feed was equal in quality, and superior as to variety, to any that I have seen in Australia, excepting perhaps on some soils of volcanic origin. Wednesday. !ith January.-Started at five minutes past five without water, I!listing to get a supply of water from the rain that fell during the thunder storm. Traversed nix mileii of undulating plains covered with vegetation richer than ever. Several ducks rose from the little creeks as we passed, and (locks of pigeons were (lying in all directions. The richness of the vegetation is evidently not suddenly arising from chance thunderstorms, for the trees and bushes on the open plain are everywhere healthy and fresh- looking ; very few dead ones are to be seen, besides which the quantity of dead and rolteii grass which at present almost overgrows in some places the voting blades, shows that I his is not the first, crop of the kind. The grasses are numerous, ami many of tlieni unknown to me, but they only constitute a moderate portion of the herbage ; several kinds of spurious vetches and portulae, as well as salsolaecie add to the luxuriance of the vegetation. At seven miles we found ourselves in an open forest country, where the feed was good, but not equal to what we had passed, neither had it been visited by yesterday's rain. We soon emerged again on open plains, but the soil being of a more clayey nature, they were not nearly so much advanced in vegeta tion as the others. We found surface water in several places, and at one spot disturbed a fine bus tard which was feeding in the long grass. We did not see him until he flew up. I should have men tioned that one flew over our camp last evening, in a northerly direction. This speaks well for the country and climate. At noon we came to a large creek, the course of which was from KX K to W^W. The sight of white guin trees in the distance had raised hopes which were not at all damped on a close inspection of the channel. At the point where we struck it, there was certainly no great quantity of water ; the bed was broad and sandy, but its whole appearance was that of an important watercourse, and the large gums which line its batik, together with the improved ap pearance of the soil, and the abundance of feed in the vicinity, satisfied.us as to the permanency of the water and the value of the discovery. Although it was. so early in the day, and we were anxious to make a good march, ; et we camped here, as it seemed to be almost a sin- to leave such good quarters. The bed of the creek is loose sand, .through which the water freely permeates.; it,is,, however, sufficiently coarse not to he boggy,'and the animals can approach the water without iiriy difficulty. Thursday; 10th Jan. - At twenty minutes past five a.m., we left our camp with a full supply of water, determined to risk no reverses, and to make a good march. I should mention that last evening we had been nearly dtafencd by the noise of the cicadie, and but for our large fires should have been kept awake all night by the mosquitoes. A walk of two miles across a well grassed plain brought ns to a belt, of timber, and we soon afterwards found ourselves pulled up by a large creek, in which the water was broad and deep. We had to follow up the bank of the creek in a NI3 direction for nearly a mile before we could cross, when to our joy we found that it was flowing, not a muddy stream from the etleet3 of re cent floods; but a small rivulet, of pure water, as clear as crystal. The bed of the river at this place is deep and rather narrow. The water flows over sand and pebbles, winding its way between clumps of niela leuca and gum saplings. After leaving the river, we kept our old course due north, crossing in a distance of one mile three creeks with gum trees on their banks. The soil of the flats through which they flow is a rod loam of fair quality, and well grassed. Beyond the third creek is a large plain, parts of which are very stony ; and this is bounded towards the east by a low stony rise, partly composed of de cayed and honey-combed quartz rock in situ, and partly of water-worn pebbles and other alluvial de posits. At about two miles across this plain, we reached the first of a scries of small creeks, with deep water-holes. These creeks and holes have the cha racteristics peculiar to water-courses which are found in Hats formed from the alluvial deposits of schitose rocks. The banks are on a level with the surround ing ground, and are irregularly marked by. small trees or onlv bv tufts of long grass, which overhang the chnnnelj and frequentl} hide fit from one's view, even when within a few yards. At about flye miles from where we crossed the river, we came to the main creek in these flats. Patten's Creek. It flows along at the . foot of hi j stony range, and' we bad to trace it up nearly. a.mile in a NN15 direc tion before we could cross if. As it happened, we might almost as well have followed its course'up the flat, for at a little more than two miles we came to it again. Wc recrossed it at a stony-place just below a very large waterhole, and then continued our course over extensive plains, not so well grassed.as what we had passed before, and very stony in some, places. At eight miles from Patten's Creek, we.came to another, running from SW to S"B. There was'plenty of water in it, but it was evidently the result of recent local rains. On the banks was an abundance of good feed, but very little timber. Fridav, 11th January.-Started at five a.tn , and in (lie excitement of exploring fine well-watered coun try, forgot all about the eclipse of the sun', until the reduced temperature and peculiarly gloomy appear ance of the skv drew our attention to the matter. It was then too "late to remedy the. deficiency, so we made a good day's journey, the moderation of the mid-day heat, which was only about 80 deg, greatly assisting us. The country traversed has the most, verdant and cheerful aspect ; abundance of leed and water everywhere. All the creek? seen .to-day have : a course more or less to K by S. The land improves in appearance at every mile. A quantity of rain has | fallen here and to the south, and sonic of the flats j are suitable for cultivation if the regularity of the seas >ns will admit (To he rnntii.uv!.) GOLD AT TUB TCxhimtion.-The upper portion of the long expected gold case is now fixed, and displays a picturesque Gothic design, by Mr. Livingston, executed by Messrs. Thwaites and Son. This magnificent piece of furniture is worthy of receiving the golden treasures of the colony. It is expected that the hanks will make an exhibition of gold on Saturday, showing the bulk brought down by escort.-Ar/tux. Tiik Dun ati: ON Tin-: I'.uikikt was continued last evening in the Legislative Assembly, being resumed by .Mr. Levi, who addressed tlu: House in favor of'the amendment of the lion, member for Kilmore. The other lion, members who spoke on the question were Messrs. Pvke and Duffy in favor, and Messrs. .Nixon, Don, and the lion, the Chief Secretary against the amendment. The debate was, on the motion of Mr. M'Cann. ad journed shortly after twelve o'clock until lour o'clock this day.-Thursday's Age. Wi: HAVE received a cheque for -Co, from a " Mourner," as a contribution towards a fund for the erection of a monument to !5urke and Wills. 