ADELAIDE, SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1861. It is like coming a day after the fair to wish our readers a ' Happy New Year,' when New Year's Day is past and gone ; but aa this is our first opportunity we cannot consent to let it slip, and therefore in all cordiality tender to our readers the compliments of the season. We will not trouble them with a formal resume of all that was done, and of all that ought to have been — but was not done — in 1860. It was not materially unlike other years ; it had its days of mirth and of sadness ; its annals will include a few more examples of rising and falling in life : it exhibits an average amount of social progress ; and if it did not close brilliantly, it did not close heavily. Indeed, some time before its sands had run out, there were not wanting indications of a netr era of prosperity for South Australia. The 'spirit of discovery and the influences ofthe season were in happy conjunction, and Christ mas dawned upon the 'community all the more merrily, because it was felt that the New 'Fear really promised to be a prosperous, and there fore — to some extent at least — a ' happy' one. The 1st of January, 1860, broke upon South Australia in all the fervor of an intense sun, heightened by huge bushfires blazing in various directions. The lst of January, 1861, was ushered in — at least on the Adelaide Plains — by genial showers of rain, followed by a soft and cloudy, though certainly a close and sultry day. But we are not writing about the weather, and therefore change our tack. With regard to the prospects of 1861, the general opinion is that they are highly encouraging. Probably we shall have £400,000 worth, or more, of bread stuffs to export, additional to the quantity ex ported last year ; and this amount of extra cash will circulate greatly to the advantage of all classes. To the deficiency in the last two or three harvests must be attributed much of the depression that, has lately been felt, and it is therefore only reasonable to expect that with the return of good harvests will be the return of general prosperity. And as there is some reason to think that the seasons move in cycles — though what these cycles are we cannot pretend to say — it is not altogether Utopian to suppose that one, two, or three successive bad harvests may be followed up and counterbalanced by two or three successive good one3. At least it can do us no harm to indulge such a hope ; on the contrary if it puts us in better spirits it will stimulate industry and enterprise, and do us good. At all events the succession of bad crops is broken, and a plentiful harvest awaits the consumer and the trader of 1861. We fully ex pect that a still enlarged area of land will be laid under grain for next season ; and it is by no means the least encouraging feature in our agri cultural economy that in proportion as fresh land is broken up, in such proportion is the system of farming improving, and the facilities for seed- time and harvesting multiplied. Of course ihere is yet much slovenly farming— much wasteful farming — much farming equally ruinous to the soil and unremunerative to the tiller ; but it is something to find, in every direction, South Australian farmers studying agriculture as a science, noting carefully the requirements of soil and climate, encouraging by rewards and other demonstrations, practical improvement, and miItl«g-^4thrm.fciJiu.uim aiifl'iinpcn*ters in bringing into notice andusethe very best and most effective implements for South Australian farms. We are also delighted to find that many of our best farmers are no longer confining their attention to simple wheat-growing, but that the mixed system of farming so profitable in England, is gradually uprising into favor here. It is, there fore, warrantable — starting as we do with a splendid harvest — to indulge the hope that 1861 will inaugurate a new era of colonial prosperity. The Pastoral interest is also in a cheering con dition, and the various discoveries of useful country, where a short time since nothing but barrenness and desolation were imagined to exist, furnish ample ground for the belief that stock feeding is destined to a vast development in this province, instead, as some expected, to be gra dually driven out by the progress of agriculture. We now know that if the advancing claims of the farmer compel the squatter to ' fall back,' he will not have to fall back on bare rocks or sterile sands, but upon good pasturage ; and we also know that for every mile of his old run resumed for agriculture, ten miles of new run may be found. All that is needful is a really liberal and enlightened system of legislation with regard to newly discovered and distant country. From its remoteness it ia absolutely, literally worthless, except to the stockholder and sheep farmer; and an illiberal policy may make it worthless to him also ; but, under a wise and generous system, we may draw wealth from regions that we once thought as practically una vailable as the mountains of the moon. There is, indeed, much, more to be hoped for than at first sight appears with regard to the stocking of remote country, and we are glad to know that the public and the Legislature are perfectly pre pared to offer every reasonable facility to per sons of means and enterprise who feel disposed to raise for this province new sources of wealth, it may be in the heart of Australia. As to our prospects in minerals they were never more cheering. Our old mines maintain their world wide reputation, and new mines are opening up to dispute the palm. May con tinued success await the old, and, should still greater attend the new, the public would be so much the better for it. No matter whether copper mines yield £100 or £200 per cent, to shareholers and proprietors — it is impossible even to cut up and ship away a mountain of virgin copper without the employment of an immense amount of labor, and the circulation of hundreds of thousands of pouuds. It is to be hoped that every effort will be .made to discover fresh water at Walleroo, for the want of this is, at present, the most serious drawback to the place. It would be well if premiums were offered for the discovery of fresh-water springs, and the Go vernment might, perhaps, usefully employ still more energetic measures in searching for that indispensable article of support to animal, and to most of the forms of vegetable life. Of course the material prosperity of a commu nity depends, principally, on the nature and value of its local resources, but much also de pends upon wise principles of trade and en lightened legislative measures. We have lately taken a very important step in reference to our tariff, but there has been scarcely time enough yet to test the real effects of that change. It will, however, be necessary to watch carefully the influence of the new tariff on the trade of the province, as the good to be derived from the richest resources may be neutralized by false and pernicious systems of commerce. We have, however, in this province a fair proportion of business men, and it is not likely that we shall long remain in doubt as to the effects, commer cially, of this or that enactment. \- But as the great ultimatum of which we are all in search — Happiness — is not to be found in the mere acquisition of individual or national wealth, we must attend to all the obligations of citizenship, that the material good with which we are surrounded may find a suitable medium through which to flow to every homestead, and to cheer the heart of every individual. Of those highest duties of humanity, in the fulfilment, of which it may be reasonably expected that the blessing of Heaven will be found, it is not the province of the newspaper to discourse, but still less is it its province to ignore them. Recog nising the dependence upon the Divine of all that is Human, we make the acknowledgment, and leave to those whose mission it is the eluci dation and enforcement of that sublime truth. Nor do we even presume to dwell upon those various acts of charity, beneficence, and neighborly kindness through which so many of the ills of life are assuaged, so many of its asperities softened, so many of its inequalities mitigated. We limit our remarks to citizenship — we address ourselves to our fellow-colonists in their enfranchised position as integral portions ofthe self-governing community ; and to them we say that wise and patriotic laws are indispensable to national well being — no matter how great may be the national wealth. It is true of nations as is said of the individual, that ' A man's life consisteth not in the abundance of the things he possesseth ;' and if South Australia is really to derive happiness from her material resources, enlightened and patriotic legislation is essential. During the present year many practical measures will call for the calm and thoughtful attention of the Parliament, and it is to be hoped that, apart from stragglings for place and power, aside from party prejudice and factious contention, the representatives of South Australia will acquit themselves honorably as the guardians of the liberties and privileges of the nation. As to the Old Worlds of Europe and Asia ; — of Europe with its oppressed nationalities and traitorous monarehs ; of Asia, with its effete despotism and barbaric superstitions ; as to the New World of America, with its turbulent up bearings and strangely rapid growth, we must not at present write. If the elements now working do not produce important results before the close of the year on which we have entered, it will not be because of their impotency, but by reason of some still more potent and restraining force. Our lot is cast upon great times ; it is in some respects a privilege to live therein, though whether it is better to be an actor in, or specta tor of, the great world-drama, may be doubtful. With these few words we wish a Happy New Year to all who read them — and prepare to address ourselves once again to the routine of our daily task. Tseee is a chahm in the word ' Christmas,' and a double charm in the words ' Christmas Holidays ' which South Australians are certainly not slow to perceive. But though we are a holiday-making and holiday-loving people, we manage matters rather unartistically. Like an awkward man in .company who does not know what to do with his hat, and who (when that is taken from him) cannot tell how to dispose of his hands, so South Australians frequently appear at a loss to know what to do with their holiday when they get it. Still, difficult as some may find it to turn a holiday to the best account, few would like to lose it. As the old Scotch dame said with reference to the decapitated Charles — 'It was nae great things o' a head, but it was a sair losstohimsel,' — so we may say of those who know not what to do with their holiday when they have it, — they would grievously miss it were it taken away, and would indignantly resent the attempt at deprivation. And, en passant, we may remark that this is exactly the case with those who clamor for the franchise, and afterwards refuse to vote. They first demand as a right what they afterwards neglect to avail themselves of, but the loss of which they would loudly lament. Well, after all. there is a great deal in satisfying people. Give a man a holiday, and he may dig his garden, smoke his pipe, or lie in bed all day. No matter, he is a contented subject, and goes to business next morning as one who has enjoyed his rights. Give a man the franchise,— perhaps he will never vote, — but what of that ? Certainly he does not vote for the wrong man ; and as he might have voted if he pleased, he cannot set up a grievance, or cry out against the mono poly of the governing classes. No doubt there is a great deal in pleasing one another. There may not be much in these concessions to public feeling, and neither is there much in an air cushion, but as somebody has sagaciously remarked, it eases one's bumps wonderfully 1 llegattas and Haces are the two staple amuse ments of the Christmas holidays, although the Manager of Railways — by means of his northern trips— is doing his best to introduce a third. Next Christmas (though it is rather a long while to look forward) we shall doubtless be able to add prize rifle matches to the several recreations above mentioned. But all these means of spend ing a holiday leave multitudes uninterested — multitudes who, like Punch's tourist at the inn, are compelled to ask if there is ' anything to wile away the time until dinner hour,' and who get much such an answer as that worthy gentle man did from the waiter: — 'Wile away the time, Sir ; Yessir, wines and sperrits, Sir.' Take the Glenelg Eegatta, on December 28 and what was there in it to entertain the general public ? Certainly a sailing match was adver tised to come off at 10 o'clock and another at 11 o'clock ; the 10 o'clock match starting a little after 11, and the 11 o'clock not at all. But even supposing most people found out that it was the first race starting at the time fixed for the second — what of that P How could they tell which of the boats was the Coquette, or which the Agneta ; which was the Unique, or which was the PeriP Nineteen persons out of twenty would see no more and know no more than that four little sailing vessels were moving about on the water, and this is not precisely what ' the million' would care to look at for three or four mortal hours ! — But what were they to do in the interval?, — how could they 'wile away the time?' How? Why, what more could be wished for than a first class hotel close at hand, and a host of attentive waiters ? ' Wile away the time, Sir ? Yessir take wine or sperrits, SirP' The host of the Pier will no doubt excuse the remark — for plea sure seekers on December 28th would have done quite as badly without him as he would without them. It is true there were a few speculating caterers with baskets of apricots, small loaves of bread, and strings of saveloys, ripening, baking, and grilling in the noonday sun, but none except he possessed the throat of a salamander would venture on those red-hot delicacies. It has been asked what could have possibly in duced so many people to go down to Glenelg to see a sailing match, which they could not understand when they saw it ; and it has been said in reply that they did not go to see the sailing, but to find company, and to give play to the gregarious instincts of humanity. We are not quite satis fied with the latter hypothesis ; for we noticed no end of little knots and groups of visitors avoid the contiguity of the crowd, and seek quiet nooks where they could enjoy their pic-nic in peace. But how much more readily this end might have been attained by an excursion to one or other of our beautiful gullies, where rest and shade are also to be found. This, however, will not do ; with all our English tendencies and love of quiet easy comfort — like the French — though in a less degree — we want fetes, exhibitions, de monstrations of some kind, and therefore people will muster in crowds at the announcement of any so-called attraction, no matter how little generally attractive. j Sailing regattas do not answer except on a grand j scale, as atCowes, for example, where the, turns out j of the Royal Yacht Club are most beautiful and j exciting. It is all very proper to have a sailing j match, but as soon as the start is made and the i competitors are clear away, then some popular pastimes should follow. At the Port Regatta the sailing- boats are soon out of sight altogether, as they round the Peninsula and carry on the contest out of sight on the other side. It is to the more numerous rowing matches, — contests of strength and skill within sight and within the comprehension of the multitude — that the Port Regatta owes its chief interest. There is more for the people to see ; and in spite of the dis position to go out for the mere sake of going out, everybody returns home better pleased when he has seen something that he understands, and which he can afterwards talk about. The Port Regatta — so far as relates to the aquatic arrangements — cannot well be improved. The programme is varied and well carried out. Perhaps some increased facilities might be afforded to enable a larger number of persons to stand or sit within sight of the sports. It is dangerous standing on the wharf wall, besides which the intervening ships only permit occa sional glimpses ofthe sports to those who are on shore. Possibly by a special disposition of the shipping — and even in connection with some slight charge for admission — most of the vessels in harbor might be used as stands or platforms from which good views of the sports would be obtainable. Plants might be arranged along such vessels for the spectators to sit upon, and a trifling charge for admission would provide a little extra Christmas grog for the sailors. Where there is a wide and far extending beach— as at Glenelg — various sports and game3 might be introduced with good effect, but they should form part of the programme, and not be clapped on at the end as something which may not take place after all. Punch and Judy would be an admirable auxiliary to a Regatta, and there are variou3 gymnastic feats equally amusing and attractive ; — we do not refer to wheelbarrow races blindfold, nor to greasy-pole climbing, though if there's any philosophy in laughter the fun which these grotesque performances occasion may plead their justification. A balloon, we suppose, would be too aspiring, and perhaps we might be recommended first to get our gas. Then cannot we have fireworks, and exhibitions of bluelights and colored fires from the shipping ? Of course all these amusements would involve the necessity for additional funds, but we be lieve that there are hundreds of persons who refuse to subscribe simply to a regatta, who would cheerfully put their names down to a more general programme. And cannot .Mr. Francis or some one else invent a shrub or^tree of some kind that would grow amongst the sandhills and afford a little shelter from the blazing noonday sun ? We must, however, cut short our hints as to regattas, or else we shall forget the races. How ever, it would not much signify if we did, for the public would not forget them. Much as the turf has been declaimed against, there is something in a good horse-race which draws to gether a greater multitude than any other recrea tion possibly can do, or probably ever will do. Some go to to see the fun of it, and some —who do not like to. confess that they enjoy a race — go ' to see the folly of it,' whilst many go in hopes of making money by it. The fact, how ever, that horse races are not only pop liar, but increasingly so, cannot be denied, and it is con sequently much wiser to endeavor by judicious regulations to preclude as much a3 possible of what is objectionable, than to decry a sport more deeply rooted in the British heart than is any other. In many of the country districts it must be difficult to get up anything like Christmas festi vities on a public scale, but the denizens of the rural parts of the colony have their own ways of enjoying Christmas, and doubtless quite as rational as being scorched for half a dozen hours on the hot sea sands. We notice that at Port Elliot the aborigines were called in to aid the demonstration, prizes being given for spear throwing, boomerang throwing, &c;, and prizes being given for footraces, in which the dusky aborigines measured their fieetness and endu rance against the white settlers. What with these competitions, the races, and the grand aboriginal subscription ball in the evening, the Port Elliot people must have had as merry a Christmas as the merriest of us. And so, we doubt not, it was in other country districts. And last, but not least, come those sacred interchanges of friendship and affection, when old acquaintances, parted neighbours, separated — perhaps alienated — friends and relatives, meet and greet each other at the glorious old time of universal reconciliation and good-will. May South Australians ever have these merry and joyous Christmases, and may no social reverses, no political animosities, no class inte rests, no foreign aggression, be permitted to scatter their public gatherings, or to mar their private communion ! We do not suppose that Parliament will be specially convened to amend the Dog Act, but undoubtedly it will be necessary, as soon as the two Houses meet, to pass a short declara tory Act, providing that the fee of 10s. a-year ia not to be levied every half-year. In fact we fully expect that the next session of Parliament will be half consumed in cobbling the blunders of the last. It is certainly by no means credi table to us, as a community professing some little enlightenment and as laying claim to some slight degree of education, that we cannot ex press our ideas and intentions in ordinarily in telligible English. But it is very clear that we cannot do so ; at all events if we can we don't. In illustration of this disgraceful blundering we need scarcely allude to the extraordinary clause in the Real Property Act, where, by an unhappy confusion of conjunctions disjunctive and con junctions copulative, two-thirds of the property intended to be brought under the Real Property Act is excluded from the operation of that measure. Nor need we repeat the exposS lately made in this paper of the absurd clause in the Insolvency Act whereby an insolvent's certificate releases him from debts omitted in his schedule, notwith standing the recorded expression of opinion and formal division of the House of Assembly to the opposite effect. And now we have the Dog Act, with Registrars and Magistrates differing as to their interpretation of the ambiguous proviso to Clause4; each local expositor of the statute being, of course, prepared to uphold and enforce his own individual opinion. We understand that in the City of Adelaide the dog tax of 10s., payable on or before the 14th instant, will clear the owner of each dog for eighteen months, or until the lst of July, 1862 ; but that in the neighbouring Corporation of Kensington and N orwood the same fee will only clear for six months, — or until July lst, 1861. The local authorities in each district think their own view of the Act the correct one, the result of which independent judgment, brought to bear upon an ambiguous enactment, is that one man's dog, for the same money, gets three times as long a lease of life as another man's does. Such are the blessed results to man and dog of the want of a little closer attention in Parliament to that excellent but much neglected author — Lindley Murray. - ; It is not easy, however, to understand what ' principle of interpretation guides those ex- i pounders of the Dog Act, who persist in levy ing 10s. for a six months' certificate. Every ' one knows that this is not the charge intended ' by -the Legislature. We quoted in a former ' article passages from the debate in Parliament, J showing beyond dispute that neither the Legis- 1 lature nor the Government iutended to levy the ' full year's tax for the fractional period between ' January and July, 1861. The proviso to the ' 4th clause may be ambiguously worded — may mean one thing or another thing— but fortu nately there is not and cannot be the shadow of a doubt as to what the Legislature intended when they passed the clause ; ; and this being the case we really cannot see the propriety of any Registrar or Magistrate ignor ing the recorded intentions of the Legislature in order to affix to a doubtful clause a meaning which is known to be contrary to the intention of the framers of the Act. - It is admitted that '? the unlucky clause is susceptible of two mean ings ; that it may mean either six months or ' eighteen months ; and under these circumstances to insist on taking 10s. for a six months' certifi cate looks like an attempt to extort money from the public contrary to the provision of the statute, and simply because a few doubtful words may, by a forced construction, be held to justify such a course. It might be dangerous to plead the intention of the Legislature in opposition to the clear and distinct words of an enactment ; but where words are not clear and distinct ; where they may be read two ways, and be made to support two opposite conclusions, — as both interpretations cannot be right, and as only one can be acted upon in each case, it is surely only reasonable, in deciding between this double meaning, to ask what was the intention, of the Legislature, and then to apply that meaning to the words which best harmonize with that in- j tention. j The Government have issued a circular to the Registrars of Dogs instructing them that the fee of 10s. paid in January 1861, is for a certificate running on till July 1862, but it is doubted whether this will settle the matter. Registrars and Magistrates may repudiate the authority of the Ministerial circular, and may prefer to exer cise their powers under the Act, and according to their own interpretation of it. And in such caae we do not see of what avail or value is the Government circular. In fact the Registrar, although issuing a certificate for six months or for 18 months, as he pleases, can neither give protection nor stay proceedings ; the Act imposes certain fines and penalties upon the owners of unregistered dogs, authorises any one to lay informations, gives jurisdiction to Magis trates irrespective of Registrars, orders the destruction of unregistered dogs by constables and others, the legality or illegality of all which proceedings being wholly dependent upon the provisions of the Act, one of the most important of which provisions is disputed! There seems to be no way out of the difficulty except by means of that expensive and unsatis factory process, a suit in the Supreme Court, or rather an endless series of law-suits, according as it may please constables to destroy dogs because they have not been registered twice in twelve months, or as Magistrates may think fit to issue distress warrants upon the goads and chattels of those who refuse to be made the vic tims of a blunder in grammar. It has been suggested to us, in connection with this and other doubtful provisions in our public statutes, that it' would be well to amend the Supreme Court Act, so as to make it the duty of the Judges to give their opinion of the legal effect of a clause in dispute. It is not suggested that the Judge's should be required to affix an intelligible meaning to a clause that is, perhaps, meaningless, but they should say how they would apply the clause if a case came be fore them. Such an expression, or declaration, coining from the Supreme Court, would guide Magistrates, and greatly tend to prevent litiga tion, For example, the Judges under -such a law might be required to declare whether they would uphold the issue of a certifi cate for six months, or for eighteen months. Very likely there might be members of the legal profession who would object that such action on the part of the Supreme Court was an unjust interference with their practice ; but we are quite satisfied that there are on the other hand many legal practitioners who would denounce as loudly as any othermembers of the community t/te forcing of litigation by means of ambiguous enactments and opposing magis terial decisions. Let those who like litigation have it, and pay for it ; but the man whose sole desire with regard to the law of the land is to respect and obey it, ought not to be dragged into a lawsuit against his will, because an Act of Parliament has two meanings, and there is no way of obtaining an authoritative declara tion ' as to which he is to take. Such a man may object — ' I cannot obey the law till I know what the law is — the Government say one thing, the Magistrate says another, the Act says two things — there is no authority to tell me what I am to do, and so I am driven either to submit to an illegal demand, or to take the option of a lawsuit.' As we stated before, the idea of requiring the Supreme Court to declare how they would in terpret a particular clause is one that has been suggested to us, and we confess that it requires careful consideration. But something really must be done to obviate the litigation that is likely to arise from the want of due care and pre cision evinced in the preparation of our public Acts. We are now rapidly approaching a state of things that will involve the necessity of special sessions two or three times a year, if, indeed, no authorized means can be found of explaining that which is confused, and giving a definite sig nification to that which is ambiguous. With regard to the Dog Act, we think all certificates should be issued for 18 months ; but if those who are entrusted with the working of the measure insist upon limiting the term to six months, of course the Parliament, as soon as it meets, must pass a-short declaratory Act, ex tending the term in accordance with the inten tion of the Legislature when passing the Act. The watee supply of the City of Adelaide is now ' a great fact.' To the former inhabitants of London and other British towns and cities, it will not of course appear very wonderful, but we imagine that to many of the boys and girls who thronged Rundle-street on Saturday last, and who had never before seen fountains of water gushing up from the centre of the hard road, the performances of the plug-man must have appeared actually marvellous. As our readers are aware, fire-plugs are attached to the main pipes in numerous parts of the city, and the waterworks authorities have been experi menting with these plugs for the purpose of test. ing their efficacy, and also for the purpose of testing the main pipes from which the citizens are henceforth to be supplied with water. The experiments on Saturday were perfectly successful. On each plug being turned a power ful jet of water rushed forth., accompanied occa sionally by a roaring noise, caused by the escape of the atmosphere in the mains. The water sometimes came forth of the color of coffee, but in a few moments it was quite £t for drinking, although— from the immense amount .flfj ixed air ^ it contained — somewhat opaque in !apj sarance. *' Opposite the Norfolk Arms a regular I ash *n \ made into the stream of water by menj women, | and children, carrying jugs, mugs, ani j ;las»ej ; i all eager, we presume, to get a.'lii I drink of the water from the reserm^ : and ' some of them got an involuntary douche bath into the bargain ! A rather' amusi Hg inn. dent occurred at one moment, and wl i«h waj interpreted as an omen by the bystanders. A. j man with a water-cart endeavoured, 4ith his ? load, to pass the jet emerging from i le plug, i but his horse, though doubtless quite familiar ) ivith the Torrens at the Ford, would i ot face { the dense spray from the hose of the f rc-plug, and the driver, after an ineffectual att *mpt to force a passage, was compelled to _tufji round and retire, leaving the new waterman ninster of the field. ' 1 i ? No doubt there have been many errors, clew fects, and mishaps connected with the con\ struction of the Adelaide Waterworks, and weft have yet to prove the durability of the reser- v , voir, and the adequacy of the water supply itself. But holding ourselves prepared for con tingencies of this description, we cannot but acknowledge that the water supply of Adelaide has now been so far realized as to warrant us in congratulating the citizens upon having added j to railways and telegraphs this further indica, jj tion of a civilized state. We have certainly ji incurred a heavy debt ; we might have done ~1 without the waterworks a few years longer ; bui N it is too late to lament ; and as we have got our ; waterworks, and shall have to pay for them, we had better get as much enjoyment out of them as possible. There have been many sinister forebodings as to the upshot of the whole affair, and some people have pre ? dieted that the water from the Torrens Gorge I would never be brought into Adelaide at all. } Well, 'seeing is believing ;' and from the many expressions of satisfaction that we ourselves heard last Saturday, we are convinced that the citizens of Adelaide will generally and rapidly avail themselves of the advantages now offered ; to them at their own doors. To give public satisfaction, however, it is uife^ensable th\at the Z schedule of rates be revised ; and as we believe ; that this will be done as early as possible, we } need not further insist upon it at present. It / will also be necessary to pay some little attention I to the surface drainage of the city, not only in I order to the escape of the waste waters from the I plugs and pipes., but, if possible, for flushing '\^ and cleansing sundry black and filthy gutters \ which of late have become an increasing nuisance 1 to the community, and a positive element of in- 1 fection and disease. ? We have received a letter from Mount Gambier in reference to certain remarks that appeared hi this journal, on the occasion of the late Mount Gambier land sale. Our correspondent has somewhat mistaken the drift of these remarks. He appears to us to suppose that we object to sales of Crown Lands being held in country dis tricts ; but the fact is, we highly approve of country sales, unless, indeed, they turn out to be failures, in which case we must of course git1*;- - - them up. But so far from desiring to discourage the holding of country sales, we are prepared to render them every support in our power — on one condition, namely, that they are really useful to country settlers. If they are not useful to country settlers it would be ridiculous to con tinue them. The late Mount Gambier land sale being the first under the new regime, excited much atten tion in Adelaide, and a steamer was laid on fo. /j carry visitors to the scene of operations. The ''( regult of the sale was duly telegraphed to iown, ? and everybody was well pleased to learn that ( £14,000 was netted. But wfcgn the jjUl par* ^ ticulars arrived a great change came over the public mind. People looked for the names ,bf Mount Gambier settlers amongst the purchaser^ ; they expected to find large quantities of land pur chased by agriculturists and others on the spot, for j whose behoof the sale was got up. But it turned I out that nearly all the lots were bought by J squatters (who would have bought them just the \ same in town) and by land agents from Adelaide - who went down there to speculate. This dis- i j eovery displeased the public, who looked upon \ the whole thing as a failure ; and who loudly ! exclaimed against the absurdity of sending -'M people hundreds of miles to buy what they could have bought at their own doors. It was said, that as the buyers of the land were Adelaide- people the hind ought to have been sold in Ade laide, and that to sell it at Mount Gambier was a huge mistake. Such were the remarks made in townt and we gave currency to those remarks in Ijopes that some of our Mount Gambier readera -would take up the question, and prove that the holding of the sale at Mount Gambier had really been a boon to that locality. We had ourselves re commended the sale being held there, and we trusted that some well-informed settler would have supported us, by showing; in what way the District of Mount Gambier had benefitted. But no one came to the rescue, until our present Correspondent, who profoundly remarks that if the Adelaide land agents had not gone to Mount Gambier they could not have bid at the sale ! Of course no t ; but the question is would any one else- ~have' hid; e~-— - would the lots have passed the hammer? Doubtless the Adelaide land agents could nor have bid if they had not been present, neither could our Correspondent have written a letter from Mount Gambier if he had been at Mount Remarkable ; but this is scarcely an answer to the objections that have been raised. We supported the Mount Gambier Land Sale ; the Adelaide 'people after wards say that very little of the land was bought by Mount Gambier people ; and our correspon dent replies that if the Adelaide folks had not gone down they could not themselves have bought it. But, again, we ask — who would ? We are not yet quite satisfied with reference to the effects of this Mount Gambier Land Sale ; and we should, even now, be very glad to obtain such information from settlers in that district as would enable us to answer the objec tions that have been urged in town against these country sales. Our opinion still is, that much good will result from occasional sales of Crown Lnnds in the country districts ; and we are gratified to learn that before long there will be a Government land sale at or near Clare. We ' hope it will be well patronised by the people of the neighbourhood, for certainly we have no- wish to monopolize everything in Adelaide. As far as possible we would carry justice to every man's door, and as far as possible we would' open markets at every man's door; but if people will not avail themselves of these arrangements, it is useless to persist in them. Let country residents show that local land sales are useful to them, and they will not find us backward in sup porting them. ' Wanted ; Convicts ! ' — Such is one of the latest items from Tasmania. Had the .nevfs~'n come from Swan River we should not have been; surprised, but coming from Tasmania we are more than taken aback — we are disgusted. The Governors of South Australia are -promoted to Tasmania; Sir Henry Young on leaving thia colony was advanced to that ; and the same elevation has (we are told) been offered to Sir R. G. MacDonnell. True, it is said that SirR. G. MacDonnell declines the doubtful advance ment ; and ' if he had any idea that Tasmania was longing aftw Imperial felonry we do not blame him; bat, after all, we understand tiiat I Tasmania takes precedence of South Australia I in Downing Street, and we do confess to a I little disgust at finding a superior colony 1 crying oat for a few ship loads of felons. A u'wc ityle of emigration this ! Better kf far to fall back upon the useless system of 1865, than to , go down on our knees and ask the Home Governmeut if they have not a few feions to spare, and if they cannot promote us to the office of gaoler* to Her Majesty's ronricta. I Bit we ciinnot drop the subject with a word, ' disgusting though it bo. Tasmania is rather too near to the main land or Australia to warrant/ us in being satisfied with a simple exclamation of disgust. We must take more active Measures. New South Wales, Victoria, and .Soath Australia must instantly trausmtt to the Home Government indignant protests against such a monstrous proposition. Why should the -^ free colonies b? deluged with imported Tune uwause i.«Miuama~cBSoses to DmveF~jser public morajitjr for ajittle Imperial gold? -r*£?.., made a dead stand against the in troduction of convicts into the Swan River Settlement ; but to set them down in Tasmania — why, they might as well be put ashore, in rateable proportions at once, on the coasts of Sew South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia. We are astounded that such a request should have emanated from Tasmania. We had thought that the people of that colony ?were above all tilings anxious to outlive the contaminating effects of convictism, and, if pos sible, to forget that their lovely country was ever a den of thieves. But we were mistaken. Burglars, footpads, swindlers, forgers, and mur derers, are welcome additions to society when their presence brings along with it English gold. The attempt, however, is too base to succeed. The petition may be signed — any petition may be signed — but we shall look for another peti ion, a counter- memorial, including the names of the honest, honorable, and virtuous people of Tasmania. We cannot believe that the public feeling of Tasmania is in favor of the revival of convjefcism. If so, let the telegraph cable 'perish ; for the less we have to do with such neighbours the better. The Home Government can never, consent to a proposition which would, in eflect, overrun these colonies with felons. We have quite enough to do in repressing those various forms of crime which spring up under every new social system ; we do not want the . sweepings of English gaols, and we will not have them. The Crovermeut will do well to look closely into tliis matter. At present we have nothing more in the way of information than a brief telegram ; but it is sufficiently ex plicit to justify us in sounding the note of alarm, and we trust the nefarious project to which we have adverted will be crashed in the bud. 