VICTORIAN EXPLORATÍONÍil (2-Vwii t/icArffHs,Korcinbn-7.)A\ 'í . THE Exploration Committeo met j ostcrday afternoon at I five o'clock, m tho hall of tho Royal booiotj ^ Sir AVILI i VM STAVV 111 occupied tho chair and »nil, as ovoryonc was anxious to hoar tho report of tho sub oom mittoe appointed to transcribe tho diar> and notes of their late lamented friends, Messrs Burko and Wills, ho would, without dolaj, c ill upon tho transcribers T»i Mi ELII n then i rocccdctl to lead a transcript of Mr Wills journal of the outward routo from Coopor s Crook to tho Gulf of Cuiront um [Tho journal contained sov eral gaps or blanks, vv hich had boon at-iarontlj left bv Mr A\ ills with tho mtontion of filling them up subsequent!) I ho meteorological and astronomical observations aro, howovcr, continuous, and hcuco tho constiuction of tho -hart of tho routo is ren- dered perftctlv easj, o\on for tho dajs of windi no actual journal appears A fow marginal notos aro added hore and thero, explanatoi) of tho olscrvations, but aro not in tho form of a diarj Tho first of those gaps extends from tho 30th December to tho 6th January tho second from tho 13thJamiarj to the 17th, of which interval there is no record, exeopt meteorologicil and ni irgm ii notos intended AS memoranda, and forming one of tho best and cloarest portions of the journal for tho construction of a map A third chasm extends from tho 10th to tho 27th Tanuary ] Professor M Co\ said it might bo as woll to obsorvo that tho gaps in question could bo tilled up b) tho journal of tho other members of tho expedition Mr Lia vu Sriid that it was prêt t) cloar tho party had gone one dav sjourno) bo\ond the list eutrj in tho outwird aiirj of which King niljin pocsibl) bo ablo to givo somo account 1 ho Cn Aunt v\ siul Mr A\ ill» s diary w as perfect as fir us it went, but it was not juito complete Mr Ancitru next read portions of a transcript of Mr Wills journal of tho return routo to Coopor s Creek, as well as somo memoranda b\ Mr Burke ot tho outward journej lho latter document was of a very fragmentary eliaraeter Tho following aro tho Journals and Momoranda, tho reading of which occupied several hours - AVILLS' JOURNAL CooPEiis CHEEK TO CAIUENTARIV FlfcliD JlOOh. NO 1 [Tho omissions in tho diary aro supplied by tho informa- tion contained in tho maps, with tho exception of tho last tv o days on the nhoro ol tho gulf ] Sunda), December 10, 18u0 - Tho two horses having been shod, and our roports finished, w o slirtod at fort) minutes past six am for Ejro s Crook, tho party consisting of Mr Burko, myself, King, and Charlo), having with us six camels, ono horse, and three months prov tsions AYo followed down tho creek to tho point where tho sandstono muges cross tho creek, and wcro accompanied to thit hico by Brahe, who would return to take chargo of tho epot Down to this point tho b inks of tho oreck aro vor) rugged and stonv, but thero is a toler-iblo suppl) of grass and saltbush in tho \ iciuit) A lirgo tube of lilacks carno postering us to go their camp and hivo a dance, w hich w o dei lined 1 ho) were \ory troublesome, and nothing but tho threat to shoot thom will keep thom awa) the) are however, casil) inghtoned, and although fine looking men, decidedly not of a warlike disposition llie) show tho greatest inclination to tako whatov or thi) can, but w ill run no unnocessar) risk in so doing I hey seldom carr) an) wcipons, except a shield and a largo kind of boomer ing, which I behov o thoy uso for killing nts, &.C , sometimes, but ver) sUdom, tho) havo a largo spear reed spears seem to bo quito unknown to thom I hoy aro undoubtcdl) a finer and better looking raco of mon than tho blacks on tho Murra) and D irlmg, and moro pcaeoful, but in other respects 1 behov o thoy do not comparo f iv our abl) with them for, from the little wo havo seen «f thom, they appear to bo mean spirited and contomptiblo m e\ ory respect Monda), December 17 - A\ o contmuod to down tho creek lound its ourto very ciooked, and tho ch-innol frequentlv dr) for a considerable distance, and thon forming into magnificent waterholes, abounding in waterfowl of all lands 1 ho countr) on catii Bido is moro opon than on tho upper part of tho creek 1 ho soil on tho plains is of a light earth) nature, supporting nbundanco of saltbush and grass. Most of the plains are lightly timbored, and tho ground is finer, and not cracked up, Uko at tho hoad of tho crook Xeft enmp No G7 at ten minutes to six a ni, having break- fasted botoro lenv ing AAro followed tho creek along from point to point, nt tirst in a direction AV N W foi about twelve miles, then about N A\ At about noon wo pissod tho last water, a short distinco bo)ond which tho creek runs out on a pol) gonum i,iolygonu n Cunmnghami) flat, but the timber was so largo and denso that it docoivod us into tho belief that thero wisa continuation of tho channel, on ciossmg tho liol)gonum ground to where wo expected to find tho creek w o became nvraro of our mistake Not thinking it advisablo to chanco tho oxistenco of wator a-head, wo camped at the ond of a largo but shallow shoot of M ater in the sand) bed of tho creek 1 ho holo w as about 150 links broad, and feet deep in most places In mo't places tho temperature of tho water w»8 almost incredibly high, w hich induced mo to try it in eovoral places Thorreanof two on tho shad) sido of the creek g no 97 4 degrees As may bo imagined, this wator tasted disagrecabl) warm, but wo soon cooled somo in water-bags, and, thinking thit it would bo interesting to know what wo might c ill cool, I pi iced tho thermomoter in a pannikin containing some that appeared delightfully cool, almost cold m fatt, its temperature was to our astonishment, 78 degrees At half past six, when a Strong wind was blowing from south, and temperature of air had fallen to SO degrees, tho lowest temper ituro of water in the hose that had been exposed to tho full cilect of evapo- ration for sev eral hours, was 72 degrees lins water for drinking appeared positivel) cold-too low a temporaturo to bo pleasant under the circumstances A ronnrkiblo souther!) squall carno on between fivo and six n m , with ever) appeoranco of ram lhosk), ho wovor, soon cleared, but tho wind continued to blow m a squally and irregular manner from tho samo quarter at ovemng AA'ednesdav, December 19-Started nt n quartor past eight n m Leaving what seemed to be tho end of Cooper s Creek, wo took a course a little to tho north of west, in- tending to tiv and obtain water in somo of tho creeks that Statt mentioned that ho had crossed, and at tho same timo tosco whether they woro connected with Coopor s Creek, as appeared most probable from tho direction in which we fouud the latter running, and from tho manaor in which it had been breaking UP into small channels flo ung across tho plums in a N and N N AV direction AVo left on our right tho flooded flats on which this blanch of tho creek runs out, and soon carno to ti sonos of fand ridge, tho directions of which woro betwoon N J AV andNNAV lho country is well grassed, and bupports plenty of saltbush Man) of the vallojs aro liable to bo inunditedby the overflow of tho main creek The) havo watercourses and polygonum flats, bordered <<vu_ box tree«, but w o met with no holes fit to hold a supply of water At about ten miles w o crossed a largo earth) flat, lightly timbered with box and gum The ground v\ is v er) bad for travelling on bemirmuch cracked up, and inter sected bv mnumerablo channels, which continual!) earned off the w ater of a large creek Somo of the v aile) s bo) ond this were \er) prett), tho ground being sound, and covent with fresh plants, which mado them look be lutifully green At fifteen miles, wo halted vv hero two large plaine loined Our attention had been attracted b) some red breasted cookiitoos, pigeons, a crow, and seveial othei birds, whoso presenco mado us fool sure that there was water not far otf, but our hopc3 were soon destro)cd by finding a cla)panjust dr)ingup It contained ]ust sufficient li juid to m ii c tho clo) bogg) At ten minutes to sov en p m vv o moved on, steering stiaight for Evro s Crook, N AV bj N , intending to tnako a good nights journej, and avoid tho heat of the da) , but at a milo and a half wo carno to a creek, which looked so well that wo followed it for a short distance, and finding two orthreo waterholes of good nulky v ater w o camped for the night This enabled mo to secure nu obscivation of tho eclipse of Jupiter s satellite, as woll as somo latitude observations The night was so calm that I used the water as a horuon, but I find it much moro satis factor) to tako tho mercur), foi several reasons Thursdav, December 21 (20 ') - AVc did not leave this camp until half past eight, having delayed to refill tho ?water bags with tho milky water, which all of us found lo bo a great treat again It is certainly more pleasant to dunk than the clear watei, and, at the samo timo, moro Eatisfwng Our course fioui here, N A\r b) N, took us thiough some pretty eountrj, lightl) timbered and well grassed AAro could seo tho lino of creek timber winding through tho valley on our loft At a distance of fiv o miles thero was a bushfire on its banks, and bovond it the creek mado a consideiablo bead to thoSW At two miles fur'hci we carno in sight of a largo lagoon, bcarrag N by AV , and at throo miles moro wa camped on what would seem tho samo creek as last night, near where it enteis tho lagoon Tho latter is of great extent, and contains a largo quantity of vvatoi, which swarms with wildfowl of every description. It is very shallow, but is surrounded by the mest pleasing woo Hand scenor), and everything in tho vicinity looks fresh and green. The créele, near its junction with tho lagoon con tams some good water holes, fiv o to six feet deep Thoy aro found in sandy alluvium, which is veiy boggy when wet Thero was a largo camp of not les» than forty or fifty blacks near where wo stopped Ihey brought U3 p-csonts of fish, for which wo gavo them somo hoads and matches These fish we found to**bo a most valuable addition to our rations Thoy wore of tho same kind as wo Lad found olsowhero, but finer, berne; nine to ton inches long, and two or three inches deep and m such good condition that they might havo been fried in then own fat It is a remarkable fact that tneso wore tho first blacks who had offered us any fish since ne reached Coopoi s Creek Fridaj, December 21 -Wo left Camp 70 at half past five a ni, and tried to induco ono or two of tho blacks to go with us, but it was of no uso Keeping our foi mer course, wo wcro nulle 1 up at three miles by a uno lagoon, and then by tho creek that flows into it, tho latter being full of water, wo wero obliged to trace it a milo up before we could cross I obsen od on its banks two wild plants of tho gourd or melon tribe, one much resembling a stunted cucumber, tho other, both mloaf and appearance of fruit, was very similar to a small model of a watermelon (probably;«! w7 in ¡noant/ia) The latter plant I also found at Camp 08 On tasting the pulp of tho newl) found fruit, which was about tho si o of a largo pea, I found it to be so acrid that it was with difficulty that I removed the fasto fiom m) mouth At eight or nine miles from wheie wo crossed tho creek wo passed another largo lagoon, leaving it two miles on our left, and shorth afterwards wo saw ono nearl) as far on our right This hist we should have avadolour- selves of but that we expected to find water m a crek S %hloh wo coulíflco oyjlio timbor lining Us baúles, flowed from the lagoon on our loft, and crossedj our courso a fow miles ahead "Wo leached it at a distanco of four or fiv o milos vfurlhei, and'found a splendid waterhole, at xvhich xvo cnirped Tho creek nt thÎB point floxj s in a northerly di tcclion, through a largo hghtlv timborcd flat, on xvhich it pnrtinllx nins out Tho ground is, howo\or, sound, and x\ eil clothed x\ ith ginss and snlsolaceous plants Up to this point tho counlr) through whioh wo haxo passed Ms beon of tho finest descnptisn for pastoral purpose* Tho grass and saltbush mo oxcij whero abundant, omi wator is plenti- ful, with o\ cry appearanco of permanence Wo met with porcupmograss fhwiUnpung'iis, Di J and only two 8ia' ndgcB beforo reaching Camp 71 Cool Eli 8 Cm IK TO CAnrrxTAUiA. ' in LU HOOK i>o 2-LAT 27 nponiärs TO 25J DEQIIEF3¡ STYTIOXS 72 TO 78 I Satuidaj, December 22-At fixo minhtcs to five am, xvu loft ono of the most delightful camps wo haxo had intlid journcx, end proceeded on tho BBIUO courso os boforo, Ñ AY. by N , across somo high ridges of looso sand, many of which wero partmllj clothed xvith poroupmo grass \\\o found tho ground much worso to tiaxol o\or thui anj wo haxo jet mot with As (ho ridges wero exceedingly abrupt and steep on thoir eastern side, and although sloping gra- dually towards tho west, wero so bono)combed in soma ilaccsbj tho burrowa of rats, that tho oamols wero con tinuallj in danger of falling At a distanco of about sit miles x10 descended from theso ridges to undulating countrj of open box forest, x\hero ever) thing was green nnd fresh lhere is an abundnneo of grass and sall bushes, and lots of birds of nil descriptions Scierai flocks of pigoons passed oxer our heads, making for n point a little to our right, whero thcro is no doubt piont) of wat«, but wo did not go oil our courso to look foi it Boxond the box forest, xvhich keitnwax to tho right xvo again entered tho sind lidgcs. and nt a distanco ot six. miles passed closo toa dry silt lagoon, tho ndgosintho vicimt) of which aro less rigulirin their form and direc- tion, and contain nodules of lune tono Tho ground intho flats and ela) pans near has Iii it encrusted surfaco that cracks under tho pressure of the foot and ia a suro indica- tion of tho prcsenco of silino deposits At a distanco of eight miles from the lagoon, xvo camped at tho loot of a sand ridge, jutting out ou tho Sion) Desert I was rithor disappointed, but not altogether surprised, to find tho lattei nothing moro nor less than tho stonx rises tint wo had beforo met w if h onlj on a 1 irger scale, aud not quito so undulating During the afternoon soveral crows como to feed on tho plain lhov carno from an E N E direction, no doubt from a portion of tho creek that (lows through tue forest that we lett on our right In tho morning as wo wero londmg, a duck passed o\er, but it waa too dark to seo which way it went Sunda}, December 23 -At tivo a. ni xvo struck out across the desert in a AV N W direction At four miles and a half w o crossed a sand ridge, and then returned to our N W b} N courso M o found tho ground not so bad for tra\oiling on as that between Bulloo and Cooper s Creek infict, ldo not know xvhethor it nroso from our exaggerated anticipation of horror« or not, but wo thought it far lrom bad traxelhng grouud, and as to pasture, it» onl} tho aclunll) ston} ground th it is bnro, and man) a sheep run is, in fact, worse grazing than that At fifteen miles wo crossed nnothor sand ndgo, for soveral milo, around which there is plcnt) of grass and fino Baltbush After crossing this ridge, wo descended to an earth) plains where the ground w as rather hcax ), bomg in somo places hko pieces of slaked lime, and intcisected bj Bniall wator courscs Flocks of pigeons roso iront amongst the salt bushes and poi)gonuin, uut all tho crocks xvere dr), although marked b\ lines of box timbor Several gunjabs of tho blacks wero situated near a water bolo that hid appaiontly contained wator xor) Intel}, and heaps of gi ass wero l)ing about tho plains, from xvhich the) had beaton tho eoeds Wo pushed on, hoping to finds the creeks assuming an improved nppenranco, but thox did not, and at ono o clock w o halted, intending to trax el through part of tho night About sunset threo (looks of pigeons passed o\ or us, all going in tho samo direction, duo north b) eompns=, and passing over a ndgo of sand ia that direction Not to haxo takon notice of such an occur- rence xvould haxo been littlo short of a tin, so wo deter- j mined to go eight or ton miles in that direction Starting at seven o clock p m , xvo, at six milos, crossed tho ndgo over which tho birds had iloTn, and carno on a flat aubioot to inundation The ground was nt first hard and oven, uko tho bottom of a clnx pan, but at a milo or so wo carno on cracked enrthv ground, intersected bj numberless small channels running in nil directions At nino milos, xvo reached tho bed of a creek i mining from east to xvost, it was onlx bordered by pol) gonum bushes, but as there was no timber xisiblo on tho plains, wo thought it safer to halt until dux light, for fear we would miss tho wator At day- light, when xvo had saddled, a sm ill quantity of timber could bo seen, nt tho point of a sand ridge, ubout ono and a half to two miles to tho xvost of us, and on going thcro wo found n fino week, with a splendid sboet of watci. moro than a milo long, and nxcraging nearlx throe chains broad, it is, how ox or, onlx two or threo foot deep in most part« Monda), December ¿4 -We took a da) of reston Gra)'B Cieek, to celebrate Christmas This w as doubl) pleasant, as wo had never in our most sanguino momonts anticipated finding such a delightful oasis in tho desert Our camp was really on agreeable place, for wo had all tho advantages of food anti water attending a position on a largo creek or mer, and were nt tho samo time free of tho anuo)aneo of the numberless ants, flies, and mosquitoes that are luv an- i abl) met with amonsrst timber or heavy scrub Tuesda), December 2-j -Wo left Gri) s Creek at hnlf pnst four a in , nnd proeeeded to cross tho earthy rotten pi uns m the direction of E) ro s Creek At a distance of ubout nine mile», we reached t>onic lines of trees and bushes, which were visiblo from the top of (ho sand ndgo at Gray s Creek AVo found them growing on tho banks of sevtral small creeks, which trend to tho N ind N N W. At a milo and a-half further vie crossed a small creek, N N E , and joining tho ones above mentioned This creek con- tained abundance of water, in small detached hale , from fifty to ono hundred links long, well shaded b) bteop b inks and oveihanging bushes I he water had a suspiciously transparent colour, and a slight traco of brackishness, but tho latter was scared) perceptible Near whero tbe creek joined them is a sand hill, and a donso mass of line timbor. Iho smoko of a uro indicated the presenco of blacks, who soon ruado their appearance, and tollowed us for some distance, beckoning us aw a) to tho NE We, however, continued our courso N W. bj N , but at a dutonco of a milo and ii half, found that tho creeks did not come round as wo expected, and that the fill of tho xvater was in a direction near!) opposito to our course or about w est to east AA e struck off N half W for a hich Mind ndge, from which wo anticipated seeing whether it were vurth whilo for us to follow tho course of the crocks xvo had crossed AVo wero surprised to lind all the water- courses on tho plains trending rather to the south of east, and at a distance of three miles, alter changing oar course, nnd when xvo approached tho sand- hills towards which wo had been steering, we were agreeably pulled up by a mag- nificent creek, coming from tho NN W, and running in tho dncction of tho fire we lind seen AVo had now no choice but to ehongo our courso again, for wo could not hnvo crossed even if xve had desired to do so On loUowmgup tho south bank of tho creek, wo found it soon keeping a moro northerly course than it had where wo first struck it Ibis f let, together with magnitudo and general appoaruieo, lessened tho prob ibihty of iib being Ex ros Creek, as seemed at first very likely fiom their relative positions and directions 1 he (lay being v cr) hot, and tho camels tired horn travelling ovei tho carthx plains, which, bx tho bx, are not nearl) so bad as those at tho head of Cooper s Creek, \se camped at one o clock p m , having traced the creek up about live miles, not counting the bends Tor the vvholo of this distance wo found not a bleak or interruption of water, which appears to bo v cry deep Iho banks aro from twenty to thirt) feet above the water, and very steep the) aro clothed near the xvater s edge with mint and other weeds, nnd on tho top of eaeh sido there is a belt of box trees and various Bhrubs The lower part of tho creek is bounded towards tho north bx n high red Band ridge, and on tho south side is nn extensive plain, intersected b) numerous watercourse", which diaui oil tho water in flood timo Tho greater portion of tho plnin is nt present vor) baie, but tho stalks of drv gross show thit after rain or floods thcio will Le a good crop on the border and well drained portion, but I behove tho loose earthy portion supports no vegetation nt an) time Iho inclination of the ground fiom the edge of tho cieelc bank towards the plain is in many places v or) considerable Tins 1 should tako to indicato that tho floodin"' is or h is been nt one time Loth frequent und regular AA'edne^dav, December 2G - AVo started at ino am, following up the eicek from point to point of tho bends Its general course was at first N by AV , but at about six miles tho sand-ndge on the west clo=cd in on it, and nt this point it takes a turn to tho N N E for half-a-milo, and then comes round suddenly N AV Up to this point it had beon rather improving in appearance than otherwise, but in the bend to the N AV the channel is very broad, its bed bomg hmestono rock and induiated clay , is for a spaco of five or six chains quite di v, then commences ansther waterhole, the creek keeping a little moro towards N AVo crossed the creek here, and struck across the plain on a duo N course, foi wo could see tho line of timber coming up to the i sand ridges in that direction, for a distance ol soven or eight miles AA'e did not touch the creek, and tho eastern sand-ndge receded to a distance, and in some places of nearly threo miles, from our line, leaving an immense ex- tent of grassv plain between it and the creek 1 he distinctly walked feature on the lowet part of this creek is, that whenever the main creek is on one side of a plain, thero is alwa)B a fino bill) bong on tho opposito side, each of thom almost invariably sticking closely to the respective sand ndges Before coming to tho next bend of the creek, a view from tho top of n sand-hill Bhowed mo that the creek receives a large tnbutarv from the N AV, nt about two miles above where wo had crossed it A fine line of timber, running up to tho N AV, joined nn extensive tract of box forest, and the branch we were following was lost to v iew in a emular forest towards tho north Iho sand ndge was so abrupt when xve carno to tho creek, that it was necessarv to descend into its bed through one of tho small ravines adjoining ft AVo found it partially run out, the bed being sand, and strowed with nodules ot lime, some of which were one and a-half to two feet long. Ihcy had apparentl) been formed ra the sana downs b) infiltration s, y " COOI-EKS CriEEKVTO CABLES TAW A HELD DOOK î>0. 3 iXr 6, 25} UEO. TO 23.} DEO. STATION I- 78 TO 85 Sunday, December 30 -Finding that the creek was trend tnirconsiderably towards tho east, without much likelihood of alteringitscourse,westruck off from it, taking a ton days supplx of water, as there wore ranges x IBIMO totho north, which" had the nppooranco of b6ing sion). ANE b) H. courso was first taken for about Bevcn miles, in ordor to avoid Utera. The whole of this distanco wa.« over alluvial \atthy plains', tho soil of which wfis.firhiYbut tho vegeta'-" "lion scanty. s f\\- ; . ;. , Cooi-Eii's Cnr.r.K ,-ro CA»FEx!rA"r".i ^ FIT.LD-IIOOK NO 4. CA.MI-8-5. To-90: 1Ä 23} mia.'-ro 22] UKO. I'iNi: OOUNTUV-tnovros. <' \- -,.S,n,ur'lnî'< Jnuuary 5 -On leaving Camp 81 wo found slight, but distinct indications of rain in tho grovos, and a fe-w blades of grass and small weeds in tho little dépressions on tho plain. These indications were, however, so slight thal but for tho fact of our having found -surfaco-water in two holes near our camp, wo should hardly havo noticed \- them-. - At a distance of about two miles, in a N.N.E direc- tion, wo carno to a creek with a long', broad, shallow water- hole. Tho well- worn paths, tho recont tracks' of natives, and tho heaps of shells, on tho contents of which tho lattor had feasted, showed at oneo that this crook must bo con- nected with somo crook of considerable importance. Tho camels ond horses being greatly in need of rest, wo only moved up about half-a-milo, and camped for tho day. _ Sunday,. January 6.-Started at twenty minutes to si.x o'clock, intending to mako an easy day's "tngo along tho crock.,1 As ,wq proceeded ¡up in a northerly direction, wo , found tho waterhole to diminish in sizo ver)' much, and at about 'two and a half miles tho creek ran out in a lot of small "water- courses. At tho upper end of tho creek wo found in its bed what appeared to bo an arrangomont for catching fish. It consisted of a small oval mud paddock, about 12ft, by* 8ft., tho sides of which were about nine incltoâ above tho bottom of tho bolo and tho top of tho fonco, covered vyith long grass, so arranged that tho ends of tho blades over- hung scantily by sovoral inches tho sides of tho bolo. As there were no signs of timber to tho N., wo struck to N.AV. by N. for a fino line of timber that carno up from tho S.AV., and seemed to run parallel with tho crook wo woro about to leavo, At a distanco of about three miles wo roaohod tho bank of a fino creek, and containing a sheet of water two chains broad, at least fifteen feet deep ia tho middle Tho banks aro shelving, sandy, and lightly clothed with box trees and various shrubs. On starting to cross tho plains towaids this crook, wo woro surprised at tho bright green oppoaranco of strips of land; which look in tho distanco Uko swamps ; on approaching somo of thom wo found that thoro had bson a considerable fall of rain in somo places, which had raised a fino crop of grass and poitulac (porlulaca ola asea, L.), wherever tho soil was of a sandy and light nature,- but the amount of moisture had been insufllcicnt to affect tho hard dayoy ground, which constitutes tho main portion of tho plain. Tho sight of two nativo companions feeding hero, nddod greatly to (ho encouraging prospects: thoy aro tho only specimens of that bird that I remember to havo seen on that sido of tho Darling. * Monday, January 7.-AAro started at half-past four a.m. without water, thinking that wo might safely rely on this creek for ono day's journov. AVo, howover. founu tho lino of timber soon begin to look small: at threo milos tho channel contained only a fow pools of surfaco water. Wo continued across tho plains on a duo north courso, fre- quently crossing small wntercoursoa, which had been tilled by tho rain, but were fast drying up. Hero and thero as wo proceeded, denso lines of timber on our right showed that tho creek carno from the cast of north. At a distance of thirteen miles wo turned to tho N.N.E., towards a fino Uno of timber. AVo found a crook of con- siderable dimensions, that had only two or threo small waterholes : but as thero was moro than sufficient for us, and ven- little feed for tho boasts anywhoro olso, wo camped. I should havo liked this camp to havo beon in a moro pro- minent and easily recognised position, as it happens to bo almost exactly on tho tropio of Capricorn. The tromondous galo of wind Unit wo had in tho evening and night pre- vented mo from taking a latitude observation, whereas I hod somo (rood ones at the last camp and at Camp 80, My reckoning cannot bo far out. I found on taking out my instruments ono of tho spare thermometers was broken, and tho glass of my aneroid barometer cracked-tho lattor, I belicvo not otherwise injured. This was dono by the camel having taken it in his head to roll whilo the pack was on his back. . Tuesday, January 8.-Started at a quarler-pasl fivo a.m. with a load of water, determined to bo independent of nil creeks and watercourses. At a milo and a half found sur- face water in a small creek, and at a milo furthor water in two or threo places on tho opon plains. Tho country wa crossed for tho first ten miles consists of fino opon plains of finn argillaceous soil, too stiff and hard to bo affected by tho small quantity of min that has fallen as yet. They aro 6-ubjcct to inundations from tho overflow of a number of small creeks which intersect thom in a direction E.N.E. to AA'.S.AA'. Nearly all tho creeks aro lined with box-troes and shrubs, in a tolerably healthy state. Of fio romains of dead trees there is only a fair proportion to tho living ones. After traversing a plain of groator extent than tho rest, wo. ni ten miles, reached the crook, proportionately largo ana important looking. Tho channol, howovor, at tho point where wo struck it, was deep, level, and dry, but I belicvo there is water in it not far off; for thero wero somo red-breasted cockatoos in the trees, and nativo parrots on each sido. On the north sido thoro ia a ¡part bearing off to tho N.N.W. Tho mirage on the plain to tho south of tho creek was stronger than I havo before seen it. Thoro appear to bo sheets of water within a fow yards of ono, and it looks suf- ficiently smooth and glassy to bo used for an artificial horizon. To tho westward of tho plains some fino sand- hills were visible, neaily in the direction in which tho crook flowed. To the north of tho creek tho country undergoes -o gieat change. At first thero is n little earthy lund, subject to inundation. The soil then becomes ntoro sandy, the stony pans in which water collects utter rain ; the vvholo country is slightly undulating, lightly timbered and splen- didly grassed. A number of small disconnected creeks uro scattered about, many of which contained water, pioteeted from tho sim and wind by a luxuriant growth of fine grasses and small bushes. AVo passed one or two littlo rites of sand and pebbles, on which wcro growing somo trees quito new to me ; but for the seed pods I should havo taken them f-jr a species of casuarina, although the leaf-stalks have not tho jointed peculiarities of those plants. Tho trunks and branches ore Uko tho sheoak, the leaves Uko thoso of a pino ; they droop Uko a willow, and the seed is small, flat, in a largo flat pod about six inches by three-quarters of an inch. As we proceeded, the country improved at every step. Flocks ot pigeons rose and flow off to the eastward, and fresh plants met our view on every rise ; everything green and luxuriant. The horse licked his lips, and tried all he could to break his nose-string in order to get nt tho food. AVc camped at tho foot of a sandy rise, where there was a large stony pan with plenty of water, and where tho feed was equal in quality, and superior as to variety, to any that 1 have t-ecn in Australia, excepting, perhaps, on some soils of volcanic oi igin. AA'ednesday, Januar)- ».-Started at five minutes past five, without water, trusting to get a supply of wator trom the rain that fell during the thunderstoim. Traversed six miles of undulating plains covered with vegetation richer than ever. Several ducks rose from the littlo creokb as we passed, and flocks of pigeons were flying in nil dirceiions. The richness of tho vegetation is uvidently not nrising from chance thunderstorms, for tho trees and bushes on tho open plain are cver)-wkcrc,hcalthy and fresh-looking ; ver)- few dead ones aro to bo seen, besides which tho quanti- ty of dead and rotten gross which, at present, almost oyer growe, in some places the young blade?, shows that this is not the first crop of the kind. The grasses are numerous, and many of them unknown to me, but they only consti- tute ii moderate portion of the herbage ; several kinds of spurious vetches and portulac, ns wcU as salsolacea- add to the luxuriance of tho vegetation. At boven miles wo found ourselves in an open forest country, where tho feed was good, but not equal to what we had" passed, neither had it been visited by yesterday's rain. AVe soon emerged again on open plains, bul the soil being of a more clayey nature, they wero not nearly so much advanced in vegetation ns the others. AVo found surfaco water in sevor.il placos, and nt one spot disturbed a fine bustard _ which was feeding in the long grass. AVe did not see him until he flow up. I should havo mentioned that one flow over our camp last evening, in a noilherly direction. This speaks well for tho country and climate. At noon we carno to a largo creek, the course of which was from E.N.E. to AV.S.AA'. Tho sight of white gum trees in the distanco had raised hopes which wero not at all damped on a closo inspection of the channel. At tho point where we struck it, there was certainly no great quantity of water; the bed was broad and sandy, but its whole appearance was that of an important watercourse, and the largo gums which line its banks, together with the im- proved appearance of tb£ soil, and the abundance of food in tho vicinity, satisfied us as to Hie permanency of tho water and the value of the discovery. Although it was so early in the day, and we were anxious to make a good march, yet we camped here, as it seemed to be almost a sin to loavo such good quarters. The bed of the creek is looso sand, through which the water freely permeates ; it is, however, suffieiently coarse not to be boggy, and animals can approach the water without any difficulty. Thursday, January 10.-At twenty minutes past fivo a ni., we left our camp with a full supply of water, deter- mined to risk no reverses, and to make a good march. I should mention that last evening wo had been nearly deafened by the noise of the cicada-, and but for our large fires should have been kept awake all night by tho mos- quitoes. A walk of two miles across a well-grassed plain brought us to a belt of timber, and we soon affenvards found ourselves pulled up by o largo creek, in which the water was broad and deep. AVe had to follow up tho bank of the creek in a N,E. direction for nearly a mile bolore vvc could cress, when to our joy we found that it was flowing, not n muddy stream from the effects of recent floods, but a small rivulet of pure water, as clear ns crystal. The bed of tho river at this place is deep and rather narrow. The wotcr flows over sand and pebbles, winding its way between clumps of melaleuca and gum saplings. After leaving the river, we kept our old course due north, crossing in a distance of one mile threo creeks with gum trees on their bankB. The boil of the flats through which they flow is a red loam of fair quality, and well grassed. Beyond the third creek is a large plain, parts of .which are very stony ; and this is bounded towards tho cast by a low stony rise, partly composed of decayed and honey- combed quartz rock in 'situ, and partly of water-worn pebbles and other alluvial deposits. At about two nulos across this plain, wo reached the first of a series of small creeks, with deep water- holes. These crocks and holes have tho characteristics peculiar to water- courses which are found in flats formed from the alluvial deposits of schistose rocks. The banks are on a lovel with tho surrounding ground, and are irregularly marked by small trees or only by tufts of long grass, which overhang tho channol, and frequently hide it from ono's view, oven when withra nfcvv yards. At about five miles from where wo crossed tho river, we carno to tho main creek in these flats, Patten's Creek. It flows nlong at tho font of a stony range, and wo had to trace it up nearly a mile in a N,N.E, direction before wo ce did cross it. As ithapficned^weinighlaliiioatas woll.havo' followed ita courso up¡ the, flat, for at ft lit tlo moro than two miles xvo carno to it again. 'Ave leorossed it at a stony placo just bolow a very largo waterhole, and then con- tinued our courso over extensivo plains, not so well grassed as what we had passed 'before, and very stony in some places. At eight miles from Patten's Crook, wo carno to another, running from S.AV. to S E. Thcro was plenty of xvntcr in it,"but it xvns evidently tho result of recent local rains. On the bunks xvas nu abundance of good feed, but very little timber. Friday", Janualy 11-Started at five am., and 'in tho excitement of oxploring duo woll-waterel country, forgot ' nil about the - eclipso of tho sun, until the leduccd tempernturo mid peculiarly gleomy nppearaiico Of tho sky drow our attention to the matter. It was then too lato to remedy tho don- en ney, so wo uiado a good day's journey, tho moderation of tho mid-day hent,"which xvas only about 8G deg., groatly assisting us. The country traversod hns tho most verdant and cheerful aspect; abundanco of feed and wator every- where. AU the creeks seem to havo a courso moro or los3 to E. by S. The land improves in appearance at every milo. A quautlty of rain has fallen hero and to tho south, and somo of tho tints aro suitable for cultivation if tho regularity of the seasons will admit. COOPER'S CHEEK TO CARPENTARIA. .rua»-HOOK KO. 5. CAMP 92 TO 98, EAT. 22} DEO. TO 21} DEO. STANDISH UANOI«. Saturday, Januar)' 12 -AVo started at flvo a.m., and keeping as nearly as possiblo a duo N. course, trnvorsod for about eight miles ii splendid flat, through whioh flow several fino well-watered crooks, lined with white gum trees. AA*o then entorcd n series of sl»ty low sandstono ranges, amongst which wero somo woU-grasacd flats, and plenty of water in tho main gullies. Tho moro stony portions are, however, covored with porcupino gross, and heio and thcro with mallee. Largo ant-hills aro vory 1 numerous ; thoy var)' in height from two feet and a half to four feet, Tkero was a continuous riso pcrcoptiblo all tho way in crossing tho ranges, and from the highost portion, which wo reached nt a distanco of about sovon milos, wo had a pretty good viow of tho country towards tho north. As ' far as wo could seo in the distance, and bearing duo north, was a hugo range, having soinovvhat the outlino of a granite meuntain, Tho cast end of this rango just comos up to tho I magnetic north ; tho loft of this, and bearing N.N. W., is a , singlo conical peak, tho top of which only is vistblo. Fur- ther to tho west thcro were somo brokon ranges, apparently snndstcno ; to tho cast of north tho tops of vory distant and apparently higher ranges wore seen, tho outlino of which I xvas so indistinct that I can form no idea as to their charac- ter. Tho} intenncdiato country below UB appeared alternations of (Ino valloys and stony ranges, such ns we had just been crossing. From boro a doscont of two miles brought us to a creek having a norlhorn courso, but cn tracing it down for about a milo wo found it turn to tho south-east, and join another from tho north. AVo crossed over to tho latter on n N. by AV. courso, and camped on tho westbank. It has abroad sandy channel ; tho water- holes aro largo but not deep ; tho banks aro bordered with Gno vvhito gums, and aro in somo places very scrubby. Thero is abundanco of rich green food everywhere in the vicinity. AA'o found numorous indications of blacks having been hero, but saw nothing of thom. It sooms remarkable that wnero their tracks nro so plentiful wo should (havo seen) nono sinco wo left King s Creek. I observed that tho natives heio climb trees Uko thoso on tho Murray, &c;, in search of BOHÍO animal corresponding in habits to tho opossum, xvhich tboy get out of the hollow branches in n similar manner. I have not yet been, oblo to ascorUún what the animal is. Sunday, January 13.-AVo did not leave camp this morn- ing until half-past seven, having delayed for tho purposo of getting tho camels' shoes on-a matter on which wo were eminently unsuccessful. AVo took our breakfast be- foro starting, for almost the first time einco leaving tho depot. Having crossed tho crook, our courso was duo north ns before, until at about six miles wo carno in sight of tho range ahead, when xvo took a north half east direction for tho purposo of clearing tho castora front of it. AVo found tho ground moro sandy than what wo hod beforo crossed, and ii great deal of it oven moro richly grassed. Camp 93 is situated at tho junction of threo sandy creeks, in whioh thcio is abundanco of water. Tho sand is looso, and tho water permeates freely, so that tho latter may bo obtained delightfully cool and clear by sinking anyvvhero ia tho beds of tho creeks. CoorEU's CHEEK TO CARPENTARIA. riELD-llOOK N0. G, LAT. 21} DEO. TO 20} DEO. STATION'S 98 TO 105. UPPER VAUT OF OLONOUHRY. Saturday, January 19.-Started from Camp OS at half pnst flvo o'clock n.ui, and, passing to tho north-west of Mount Forles, across a fino ana well grassed plain, kopt at first a north by cost direction. At a distanco of three miles tho plain becauio everywhere stony, being scattered over with quartz pebbles ; and a little further on wo carno to low quartz range«, the higher portions of which aro covered xvith porcupino grass, but tho valloys nro well olothod with a vanety of cearso and rank herbage At about flvo milos xvo crossed n creek with n sandy bed, which lias boen named Green's Creek. 1 hero wero blacks not far abovo whero wo crossed, but wo did not disturb them. After crossing tho creek, wo took a due north course, over very rugged quartz ranges of an auriferous character. Pieces of iron oro, very rich, wero scattered in great number over somo of tho hills. On our being about to cross ono of tho branch creeks in tho low range, we Bin prised somo blacks-n man, who, with a young follow, apparently his son, was upon a treo cutting out something, nnd ii lubra with a picaninny, Tho two former didnotsco mo untiljl was nearly closo to thom, nndthen thoy were drcndfully frightened. Jumping down from tho trees, they Btorted off, shouting what sounded to us very Uko '. Joe, Joe." Thus disturbed, tho lubra, who was somo distanco from them, jurt then caught sight of the camels and tho remainder of the party as thoy carno over tho hill into Ino creek, mid this tended to hasten their flight over tho stones and porcupino grasB. Crossing tlio rango at tho head of this creek, xvo carno on a gully running north, down which wo proceeded, and soon found it open out into n creek at two or threo points, in which wo found water. On thiB creek wo found tho first specimens of a eucalyptus, which hns n very difleront appearnnco from the rr.on.bors of the gum-treo rnco ; it grows na high as ft good-sized gum-treo, but with tho branches less spreading ; in »hopo it much resembles tho elm ; the foliogo is dark, like that of the light wosd ; tho trunk and branches aro covered with 0 gray bark, resembling in outward appearanco lhat of tho box-free. Finding that tho creek was trending too much to the eastward, wo struck off to the north again, and at a short distanco carno on a Uno creek running about S.S.E. As it was now about time to camp, wo travelled it up for about a milo and a-half, and carno to a fine waterhole in a rocky basin, nt which thcro woro lots of birds. CoorEn's CHEEK TO CARPENTARIA. rlELD-BOOK NO. 7. LAT. 20) DEO. TO 19} DEO. ; CAMrS 105 TO 112. MIDDLE PART Ol' CLONCURRY. Sindny, January 27.- Started from Camp 105, five minutes past two in the morning. AVo followed altng tho bends of tho ciook by moonlight, and found tho creek wind about vory much, taking on tho wholo n N.E. courso. At about five miles it changed somowhat its features ; from a broad aid i andy channel, winding about through gum treo flats, it assumes tho unpropitious appearance ota straight narrow ciook, running in a N.N.E. direction between high perpen- dicular earthy banka. After running betweeu thieo or i four miles in this manner, it took a turn to the west, at which point there is n line waterhole, and then assumed its original character. Below this wo found water at stvoral places; but it all seemed to be either from surfnco drainage or from springs in the sand. The land in the v icinity of the creek appears to have received plenty of rain, the vegetation everywhere beiug green and fresh ; but there is no appearanco of the creek having flowed in this part of the channel for a considerable period. Palm trees uro numerous, and some bear an abundance of small round dates (nuts), just ripening. Thcso palms give a most pic- turesque and pleasant appearanco to the creek. AVednesday, Jan. 30.-Started at half-past seven a.m., aller ecvcial unsuccessful attempts at getting Golah out of the bed of the creek. It was determined to try bringing bim down until we could find a plnco for him to get out at ; but after going in this way two or three miles, it was found necessary to leave him behind, ns it was oluiOBt impossible to get him through some of tho waterholes, and had sepa- rated King from the parly, which was a matter for vory serious consideration, when wo found blacks hiding in tho box trees CIOBO to us. COOPER'S CHEEK TO CARPENTARIA. rlELD-EOOK NO. 8. CAMPS 112, 119. LAT. 19} DEO. TO 17 DEO. 53 MIN. LOWER TART Or CLONCURRY. IIETVHNING rnoM CARPENTARIA TO COOPER'S CREEK. riELD-DOOK NO. 9. SUNDAY, TEDRUARY. Finding the ground in such a stato from tho hoavy falls of rain that tho camels could scarcely be got along, it was decided to leavo them at Camp 119, and for Mr. Burko and 1 to proceed towards the sea on foot. After breakfast, wo accordingly started, taking with us the horse and three days' provisions. Our first difficulty was in crossing Billy's Creek, which wo had to do whero it enters tho river, a lev? hundred xards below the camp. In getting tho horso in here, he got bogged in a quicksand bank so dcoply as to bo unable lo stir, and we only succeeded in extricating him by undermining him on the creek side, and then lunging bim into the water. Having got nU tho things in safety, wo continued down tho river bank, which bent about from east to weBt, but kept a general north course. A great deal ol the land was so soft and retton, that tho horse, with only a saddle and about twenty- five pounds on his back, could scarcely walk over it. At n distanco of about five miles xvo again had him bogged in crossing "a email creek, after which ho seemed BO weak, that wo had great doubts about getting bira on. AAre, however, found some bett« ground close to the water's edge, whero the sandstono rock runs ont, and wo stuck to it as far as pos- sible. Finding that tho river was bending about BO much I that we were making very little progress in a northerly di 1 rection, we struck off due nerth, and soon carno on some tnblo-land, xvhere the soil is shallow and gravelly, and clothed xvith box and swamp gums. Patches of the land I were very bogg)', but the main portion was sound enough. Beyond this wo came on an open plain, covered with water up to ono's ancles. Tho Boil'horo was a stiff clay, and tho surface very uneven, so that between the tufts of grass ono was frequently knee-deep in water. Tho bottom, how- ever, was sound, and no fear of bogging. After floundering through this for soveral miles, xvo carno to a path formed by the blacks, and there wero distinct signs of a recent migration in a southerly direction. By malling uso of this path, wo got on much bottor, for tho ground waBjwcU trodden and hard. At rather moro than a mile, tho path entered ft forest, through which I flowed ft nice watercourse, and we had not Jgono far boforo I wo found places whero the blacks had been camping. The I forest xvas intersected by little pebbly risçs ou wbicu they i had mado fhoir fires* and m tho sand) ground adjointa« some of tho former had been digging yams*, »hicli soemoa to be sonumciouB tholthov could afford to leavo lots of thom about, probably hav ing only soloctcd tho vory boat \\\ cVcio not so paiticular, but ato man) of Ihoao that the) had rejected, ana found them ver) feood About half a milo further, wo como closo on a blackfellow, who wis ceiling b) a camp fire,-whilst his gin and piccaninny wore jabbern g alongside AVo stopped for a short timo to t iko out somo of the pistols that wore on thohorso, and that Hie) mibht seo us before wo wero f o near as to frighten thom Just after wo slopped, tho black got up to stretch lus limbs, and after a low seconds looked in oui diree tion It was veiy amusing to seo tho wav in which ho stared, standing for somo limo as if he thought ho must bo dreaming, and thon, hav mg signalled to tho others, tho) dropped on their haunchos axel shuffled [off in tho quietest manner possiblo Noar their Aro was a fino hut, the best I hav o ev or seen, built on tho samo Piinciplo as thoso at Cooper s Crook, but much larger and moro complete I should sav n dozon blacks might comfoitnbl) coil in it together It is situatod at tho end of tho forest, towards tho noith, and looks out on an extensive marsh, which is at times flooded b) tho BOT water Hun- dreds of wild geese, plover, and pelicans wcro onjoying themselves m tho watcreoursos ou the marsh, all tho water on which was too brackish to bo dnnkablo, except somo holes that are filled bj the stream that flow s through tho forest Tho neighbourhood of this encampmont is ono of tho prettiest wo have seen during the journo) Pro- ceeding on our courso across tho marsh, wo carno to a chan- nel through which tho sea water enters Hore wo passed threo blacks, who, as is universal!) thou custom, pointed out to us, unasked, tho best part down lins assisted us grcnllv, for tho ground wo wore taking w is vor) I bogg) AVo moved slowl) down, about three miles, and then camped for the night Tho hoisc Bill) being Com- pletel) hiked, next morning wo stalled at da)break, leaving tho horso short-hobbled AA'o can to da) givo onl) tho concluding portion oí Mr Al ills' journal of tho return from Carpentaria to Cooper's Crook - AA'cdncsda), April 17-Ibis morning, about sunrise Gray died Ile lind not spoken a word distinctl) since his first attack, which was just as wo wero about lo start Ihursdaj, April l8-Another creek and native camp were passed. 1 rida), April 19 -Camped again without wator, on tho sandy bed of tho creek, hav ing boon followed by a lot of natives who were desirous of oui compaii) , but as wo pro feri-cd camping alono, wo wero compelled to move on until rather late, in ordci to get awa) ti oin them, Tho night was \cr) cold A strong breezo was blowing from the S , Which mado tho fire so irregular that, as on tho two previous nights, it was impo=8iblo to keep up a fair tem- perature Our geueral courso throu¿hout tho day had been S S E, Saturdov, April 20 Sunda), April ¿1-Arrived at tho dopot this ovoning, just in timo to find it deserted A noto left in tho plant by Braho communicates tho pleasing information th it they havo i-tarted today for tho Dirhug, their camels and horses all well and m good condition. We aud our camols being just drno up, and scircelv iblo to reach tho depot, havo vcr) hltle chance of overtaking thom 1'raho has for tunatel) left us ample proviuons to tako us to tho baunds of civilisation, naniel) -Hour, 501b , rice, 201b , oat- meal, GO lb , sugar, GO lb , and dried meat, 151b Iheao provisions, tigether with a few horse-shoes and nails uud somo odds and ends, constitute all tho articles loft, and place us in a ver) awkward position in respect to clothing Our disappointment at finding the depot desetted m îy easily bo imagined ,-reluming in an exhausted stato, after four months of tho severest travelling and privation, our legs almost paral) sed, so that each of us lound it a most tr)ing task onl) to walk a fow )ards Such a log-bound feeling 1 never before experienced, and hopo 1 novcr shall again Iho exertion required to gol up a slight pioco of rising ground, oven without nnv load, induces an m dcscnbablo sensation of pain and helplessness, and tho general lassitudo makes ono unfit lor anything Poor Gray must hav o suffered v cry much many times whon w c thought him shamming. It is most fortunato for us that thoso symptoms, which so early affected h-m, did not como on us undi wo wero reduced to an exclusively animal diet, of such an infcr.or description as that offored b) tho flesh of a worn out and exhausted horso AVo wero not long m getting out tho grub that Braho had loft, and wo mado a good supper off somo oatmoal porndgo and sugir lino, together with the excitement of finding oursolv es in such a peculiar and almost unexpected portion, had a wonderful effect in re- ino*, ing tho stiffness from our legs A\ hother it is possiblo that tho vegetables can so hav o aflected us, I know not, but both Mr Burke and 1 remarked n most decided relief and a strength in the legs greater then wo had had for Eovernl diivs I am inclined to think that but for tho abundance of portulac that woobtajicd on tho lournoy, wo should scared) havo returned to Cooper s Creek at [all ] Memo -Arcrball) transcribed from tho field-books of tho late Mr A\ ills. Aery low words, casuall) omitted in tho author s manuscript, hav o been added in brackets A fow botanical explanations havo been appended A fow scparato general remarks referring to tliis portion of the diaiy will bo published, togother with tho meteorological notes to which the) aro contiguous No other notes m roforenco to this portion of tho journey aro extant , , " ' FRED. MUELLER. November 5,1801. 