An Operation of a very difficult mturo was performed by Dr Cheyne, of Epsom, on the child of Mr Williams, of California Gully, on Wednes day last. Chloroform having been administered, a large portion of tho thigh bone— which was very extensively necrosed — was gouged away. The diseased mass was situated immediately under tho large artery of the limb and conse quently rendered the operation a very tedious one. — Bendigo Advertiser, 28th J anuary. AN EXTENSIVE BUSH-FIRE occurred last week near to Archdale, the station ol Mr A. C. M'Dougall. That gentleman found it necessary to ride to Cochrans for assistance, which he obtained, a great number of miners going back with him. After a good deal of labor they suc- ceeded in stopping the fire. Mr M'Dougall speaks highly of the conduct of the diggers, without whose energetic aid he believes he would have lost two flocks of sheep.— M. and D. Adver- tiser, 27th January. Destructive Fihe at Pi'.n leg Gully, Ben. DI00. — Yesterday morning about noon, the back premises of tho Pegleg hotel, kept by Mrs Ham ilton, were discovered to be on fire (the cau3e at present unknown), which, in spite of the exer tions of those present, rapidly extended to the hotel— a weatherboard building — and from thence to the store at present in disuse, and thence to the store some time sinco kept by Mr S. Coun ? sell, and from that to a carpenter's shop, all of which buildings were reduced to ashes in about twenty minutes. Sirs Hamilton, we believe, saved nothing from the wreck, but is, we aro informed, insured in a Melbourne company, but we are not enabled to state if her loss ia wholly covered. It i3 supposed that a spark from the cooking department had ignited some of the inflammable material generally in use in the most probable place for it to take fire, namely, near where the cooking arrangements are carried on. — Bendigo Advertiser, 20 th January. Drowned. — On Saturday afternoon a man named Dobbin was drowned in the largo dam at the Mariner's Reef. From what wo have been able to learn it appears that he could swim very well, and had swum out to some trees in the mid dle of the dam, wh;n he suddenly disappeared. I There wore several bathers in the water, but the body was not recovered for some time after it had sunk, when it was found that life was extinct. The police arrived within a hour after tho acci dent, and cauacd the body to bo removed to the hospital, where it now lies awaiting an inquest. We understand the deceased was u eanicr, and had only recently arrived from Melbourne, where he leaves a wife and two children. It is supposed that cramp was the cause of his sinking. — M. and D. Advertiser, 27th January. Bathurbt and the All England Eleven. — A telegram from Batliurst, dated Friday evening last, states that a meeting had been held the pre vious day, for the purpose of raising the required funds to bring up the All England Eleven fiom Sydney. It nppears that Messrs Spiers and Pond would consent to bring them to Batliurst for £600, and at the_ meeting a total of £500 was guaranteed, in various sums, by several gentlemen who were present. It was determined to make an offer to Spiers and Pond of this amount, and a meeting was called for Friday evening to consider their reply, when it was intimated that an answer had been received stating their willingness to accept £500, and all expenses paid to and from Sydney. Goulbum Chronicle, 22nd January. Pat's Opinion of a Yankee. — 'Eedau, if he was cast away on a desolate island, he d get up next mornin' an' go round selling maps, to the 