LEGISLATION IN COUNTRY MATTERS. To the Editor o/M' Herald. Sin,-I have observed, with" muCh pleasure, the many very beneficial measures affectti.'f! rural interests which have been recently presented to the Assembly, and hope that when we receive them from their hands the great benefits which are so reasonably anticipated may be realised in their working. And it is froni an earnest desire to contribute towards their perfection that I venture to make the following remarks. The firstinimportance is the .Fencing Bill, for it will very much depend upon it whether the other bills be- come valuable or mischievous. There is much in it that is equitable and savouring of practical common sense ; but the 7th clause is pregnant with mischief. Much has been said against compulsory fencing-of the hardship of an occupier ot land being compelled to contribute to the erection, or the coBt, of a dividing fence, but the plea of hardship is met by the well known fact that the clearing-lease settler (the poorest of all beginners) stands towards his landlord in much the same position. He enters upon a fixed area of land which is temporarily marked off from the residue of the estate. Ile has to look after and restrain his cattle from trespass ; and, within a short period, to fence in his holding, in nearly every such case bearing the whole cost. Large estates have been cleared in this way throughout the colony, yet there have been no complaints. On the other hand, the tenant frequently desires totakeland at a low rent for gtazing and to fence it too, if allowed it for a term. Surely what is freely done by a tenant bearing the whole cost, can hardly tall with severity upon a pro- prietor who is met half way. No better proof can he adduced of the ability of the poor man to expend suffi- cient labour or means for the purpose ; and none but those who desire to encroach, can reasonably com- plain of a law, the only object of which is to secure the enjoyment of one's rights without which no spe- cies of property can have value. Under the 7th sec- tion, the term of payment and mode of recovery aro unreasonable and vexatious in the extreme. I have already shown that extended credit is unnecessary, I believe it will have the deplorable effect of originating and perpetuating feuds amongst neighbours, to an ex- tent thal the author of the bill could have had no conception. Take the case of a quietly-disposed man settled on a freehold adjoining, or surrounded by the neglected estate of-, swarming with a migratory set of unimproving tenants on short terms, who hang on to their farms for mere shelter, and not for homes. Suppose that the forms have been gone through, and that the quiet man has to erect the fence. Henceforth, he may expect nothing but trouble ; his ever-changing ntighbouis hand over to each successor a legacy of indebtedness, which is as invariably avoided, for, as the majority hope to evade the payment of rent, they 1 have no interest in paying, and charging their land I lords in deduction. Extreme measures become neces- sary, and the levy by a neighbour upon a neighbour, having in itself all the elements of extreme pro 1 vocation, culminates in revengeful acts in return worthy of " Swing," or the other agrarian terrorists of by-gone dsys. The prospect is further darkened by the probability of disputes as to repairs, and of bush-fires, rendering a renewal of the whole coat and consequent quarrels a double burden upon the im- proving freeholder-a burden which, resulting from the operation of a law made to prop up the man who elsewhere may have taken up lands without counting the cost, would worry him out of his home, and render the occupation of a farm a task only to be I undertaken by the hardy, backwoodsman, who, with aims ih his hands, holds hiB own by physical force. I speak with confidence as to the probable injurious tendency of the bill, and from experience in the lower country, where farm joins farm, and where, as yet, a rural life retains (amidst many hardships) the charm of peaciful retirement. I will now proceed to offer some suggestions with reference to the Impounding Bill. Section 5. The holding of sales on ojie particular day weekly iB an admirable improvement, and will do away with'a vast deol of tiickerv, and secure the best price. Section 9. The distinction between first and other animals should be abolished, Poundkeepers always contrived under the same provision ia the old laws (by a singular order of precedence) to have a great many first cattle, for which honour the cattle bore a I double fee. There is no reason whatever for such a distinction. Section 10. The pound board should certainly beal | the pound. , Section 15. Posting notice at police-office is not always possible, and almost always inconvenient from the distance! The advertisements should appear ia a i local paper only if there is one, otherwise in the Gazette. "Impounded cattle generally sell below their value, and can scarcely admit of unnecessary charges. There is seldom much left for the owner to take up. Can it be intended that damages shall not be charge I able for trespass of cattle on open lands ? There appears to be" power given to impound, but the rates allowed to be taken are thoBe of the first schedule, which relates to enclosed lands. This must be altered-a lesser rate should of course be imposed. The driving rates in the second schedule are absurdly low. They ought certainly to be equal to the ordi nary rate of labourers' wages, fcr the time and trouble. Section 32 : It is very desirable that the charge (or fine) should be definitely fixed at (say) £1, which I would be a sufficient cheek without being unduly oppressive. The 38th section leaves open a remedy for extraor- dinary cases. The provision in the present bill for recovery of satisfaction for trespass in a competent Court has the disadvantage of transferring an ordinary police case to a higher Court, held at long intervals, and of dragging into the quarrel (as witnesses and valuators) other neighbours, who would gladly avoid the unpleasant duty. A fixed rate, recoverable at the pound, is decidedly the best. I would suggest that the following might be embodied in the bill : " That when the proper rate of trespass is tendered to the seizer on the way to the pound, the cattle should be released. That where overcharges aie allegad by the party releasing, he might be allowed to protest-the poundkeeper in the meantime holding the money, but that the protester should be compelled to take pro- ceedings within fourteen days, or that the damages should be paid out. That some provision should be made to regulate the distribution of the advertising charges." It frequently happens that some of the cattle are released while the advertisement is being put in type, but the poundkeeper is unable to deter- mine the charge ; the whole is then placed upon the remaining cattle. Perhaps a charge of Id. or 2d. a head on all cattle impounded would cover the cost of occasional advertisements. LaBtly, A good opportunity now offers for giving a means of redress to keepers of accommodation pad- docks, who are frequently bullied out of their grass money. There is no redress, at present : there is no act of trespass in such cases. The pound affords no remedy ; and Civil Courts are out of the question in the case of a teamster travelling, perhaps to the far interior. Such cases frequently occur ; and although the amounts lost are small, it is exceedingly pro- voking to have to render such, unwilling hospitality. The other measures relating to "dams," "native dogs," &c;" appear to be promotive of pastoral pros- perity, which every true lover of this land must I always be glad to see fairly encouraged. They are ( suggestive of many municipal undertakings, which are very desirable, and which in due time will, no doubt, be brought forward. I will now venture a few remarks upon the opera- tion of the present' Land Alienation Act, and it will be only fair to state that while I desired to see the operation of the 13th section confined to the parts of the colony not considered purely pastoral, I never was opposed to the principle of allowing the_ selection of lands before survey. The radical faults of the Act were from the fir6t the strangling of sales by auction, and the deferrinc of the payments. I consider the rejection of Rlr. Holden's amendment as the virtual shutting out of a superior and useful class of colonists from the benefits which ought to have been offered- to the colony at large. Perhaps upon no class has this ostracism fallen to heavily as upon the leasehold farmer. The shopkeeper, the artiBan, the numberless persons following other pursuits, may have desired to invest their spare capital in providing homes for themselves, or thoir children, but it has not been with them inore than a passing desire : but to the leasehold farmer, whose savings have been invested in farming implements and cattle, it has been a grievous disap- ' pointment to be told that no application to purchase, 1,0 amount of deposit, could secure his chosen spot from the roving free selector. The lower country abounds with men of industrious ' habits-whose well-stocked farms and snug houses attest their ability to subdue the wilderness, but who because they happened to have taken leases before the passing of the land law, have no alternative but to sell out and take their families into an unprepared wilderness, to suffer privations which no necessity but the state of the law has imposed upon them, or to linger on, dissatisfied, and see the nearer lands taken up by the arrivals of yesterday. Many and many a sturdy yeoman has gone away from the land office wondering why the man whom he placed in Parliament could not have foreseen the operation of the fatal residence proviso ; why son or servant (with the exaction of th« already sufficient guarantee of improvement) might not have been taken as a hostage for his good faith. Let us hope, now that the heartburnings of the Uto discussions have so much passed away, justice may be done to the multitudes who are weekly shut out from the enjoyment of the privileges enjoyed by the count- less numbers who huve not, like them, given the (unfortunate) practical proof of their aspirations after ti comfortable home by accepting the then only open- ing-the improving of the lands of others. One of the most grateful tasks that could be taken up by a true land law reformer would be the mooting of this .very question. Would that the honorable Minister for Lands could be persuaded to render effective in every- way the principle of free selection. He might safely calculate upon a large increase of revenue, and the 1 attachment of a non-repudiating class of honest yeomen and respectable traders and artisans. I will now mention some other less important-mat- , ters which have become apparent as defects in the law. The seventeenth section does not require a greater depth to be taken than twenty chains ia the first-class and more thickly peopled districts, but insists upon a depth of twenty chains in other dis- tricts. This appears to be a reversal of the proper order of things. "Water frontage to an unjust extent can be taken in a lot of 320 acres, with the smaller depth. The regulation which declares lands divided by a (perhaps unnecessary or injurious) road, or way, not to be contiguous, haB been found, as to measured or restricted lands, to be a hardship in many instances. Had it applied to main or important roads, there could have been no obj action whatever, but it applies equally to cases where, although, one person would not be allowed to take two pieces opposite to each, other, two persons might do so ; and the road, if proved lo be unnecessary, would, on application, be sold to them at a valuation, and be extiueuished. The surveyors, for the last few years, carved the country into little bits of thirly and forty acres, inter- sected in every possible way by roads to some solitary waterhole. Many such lots remain unsold, and under the present system would be greedily taken up ; but this regulation forbids the joining together of what ought never to have been sundered. Many tricks will, no doubt, be played with the provisions of the Act, involving a large amount of falsehood (if I may use so mild a term) when the fatal day arrives for the proof by declaration of residence, improvement. Sec. AB that day approaches, strone efforts will be made by those in possession to get rid of the necessity for it. And for once it happens that the leaseholders who are shut out, and who are BO because they will not lie, may count on the assistance of the less truthful to cast off a restriction which, while being oppressive to the good mun, is, though not insuperable to him, a secret] source of discomfort to the unscrupulous one. Amongst the many means of evasion employed, I may mention the taking up lands in the names of minors, and the clever trick of obtaining an additional con- ditional purchase, without residence, under the 22nd section, paid for with the money of another (a relativs) to be improved by labourers employed by him, to be handed over by the transfer of the interest whenever it may suit the party to take it into his own hands. I must now close this long letter, in the hope that it may not prove to have been written in vain, and with the scarcely necessary assurance that an anxious desire to render a country life pleasant, to preserve just rights, and to help the worthy and industrious leaseholder to a home, is the only motive which has prompted NEMO. 