Coral Hetojg. Incendiaey Busk-xzbes. — It is a deplorable fact that nearly all the bosh- fires which result in sncb tesrtHeiqre tothoaqnattera,iand<ouictiiiKii to the farmers, are tie result of -fires wilihlly .lighted. Sometimes the disaster is pccasionrd by carelessness ; travellers and draymen neglect to put ont their camp fires, a breeze springs up, and the flames are spread aramd. Bnt more frequently the fires are the result of direct malice; in fact — incendiarism. Prompted by lu-leeiing and revenge towards an in dividual squatter, men designedly set fire to his grass, choosing, -of course, for their purpose an out- of-the-way spof, where the flames can rapidly spread, mid the fire assume huge proportions be fore assistance can be gathered to eitingnish it. On Sunday last there was a remarkable instance of this villany in the neighbourhood of Dunkeld. The Linlithgow Plains station, which belongs to Mr. sn«« Harding, and of which Mr. T. Kemp is the superintendent, was set on fire on that day in several different places, and from all the attendant circumstances, there is not the least doubt of its Iiaving been done designedly and maliciously. In formation of the affair was at once given to the police, and Mr. Kemp issued placards on Monday offering JE50 reward for such information as would lead to the conviction of the offender, but we have hot heard of any person having been arrested. On the following day Mr. M'Lean, a farmer at Muddy Creek, hadnis stacks seton fin; and nearly the whole of his crops, which had jnst been harvested, were destroyed. The Cbops. — Now that harvesting opera tions are nearly completed, en opinion can he formed of die produce of the cereal oops in tide neighbour hood. There is no doubt it will be a bad year; worse Gum was expected, particularly with the early crops. The best yield we have heard of round Hamilton is Mr. Rergtn'e, which is returning about twenty-five bushels to tile aere, against thirty-five of last year. Three most likely to be able to form an opinion, say that the armge-Qf the wheat crop win not to rnoro.ihah fifteen or ejxtren brnhds, which fa certainly the onallest yitid ,that has ever yet been harvested ohj the Grange. No doubt, in some eueasuie, this is attributable to tire "had season,". but bp cheap system f farming-so much in >w»»> l.p« »1t. g/imrtlilng fan dn with it. The Jand has now- been cropped unceasingly, and no attempt has been made at replenishing it by the use I of manure or by deep ploughing. That, under these circumstances, the top soil should become exhausted by successive wheat crops is not astonish ing. Mount Rouse Road Woek. — We nnder- mtand that during the last year the Mount Rouse Road Board have executed 1835 yards of road work, pitched and metalled, the average coat of which, in cluding stone culverts and emiaiilmiwih: has been 1 5s 10|d per yard. The cost, without embankments bnt with culverts, has been 12s 6d per yard. The Special Grain Show. — Monday is the last day for delivering samples of grain for ooin- ' petition at the forthcoming special show. Frizes are to be given by our local Society for the best two bushels of wheat, barley, and oafs, and also for the best two bags of flour. The prize samples will then be forwarded by the Society to the Melbourne Show, to be held on the 21st inst., where they will compete for the six prizes of from twenty to fifty guineas to be then given. We hope that onr growers will come forward spiritedly so that onr district will be fairly represented in the general competition. Wc might remind our formers that the samples that obtain the Melbourne prizes will be forwarded to England to figure at the exhibition. The Hamilton Baths. — The bathing estate . lishment (to which we have before alluded) is sit uated on the Gnmga creek, near its junction with Mnddy creek, .and is about four or five miles from Hamilton. One day dnring the past week, we paid the place a visit and enjoyed the luxury of a dip- The spot selected for the establishment is, indeed, a charming one; and, independent of the bath, its picturesque beauty will well repay a ride from the town. At the present time, it must be confessed that.theplace is chiefly indebted ty nature forijta complete the beauty of tar scenev The baUiafore situated in the creek, an admirable place for the purpose being formed by two natural bends of the stream. For a considerable distance there is a depth quite sufficient for swimming purposes, while at the upper end the water is tolerably shallow. An enclosed bath for ladies, with suitable apartments, was in course of erection, and the proprietor in formed us would be completed in a few days. The grounds, which embrace fifty acres, are to be laid ont as pleasure gardens, and various amusements provided, which will no doubt render Them attrac tive for pic-nic parties ; and if the improvements and plans of the spirited proprietor are carried into effect, the establishment will be a credit to the dis trict Benevolent Society. — The first general monthly meeting of the Committee of this Society was held on "Wednesday afternoon, there being pre sent, Mr. Laidlaw (in the chair), and Messrs; M'Dougall, Cross, and Nunn. One application for relief came before the Committee, and was disposed of by the applicant being granted assistance to the extent of 12s. per week. In another case, a poor man applied for the Society to pay his fore to Fort- fond, which under the distressed carcomstances of the applicant was granted. The Treasurer was de- eired to pay the funds of tile Society into the National Bank, and the Secretary was instructed to make an application to Government for pecuniary aid. The meeting then adjourned. Bushbanging at Ababat. — Two or three very serious cases of bushranging have been re ported in the Ararat district, perpetrated by three men with masked faces. In'onejustance they robbed a carter of £12 10s., and tied him up in the bush about 200 yards from the road. In another instance, they made an. attack on a bullock -driver named Topper; who however wielded his bullock whip with such energy as to beat off the robbers, and he was left master of the field and unhurt, although two shots were fired at him. "We understand there is some suspicion that the robbers went to Ararat from this district, as shortly before the time of the occur rence two valuable horses were stolen from Mr. Elliget's stables near Mount Sturgeon. 