BUSH FIRES. (FROM THE BALLARAT STAR FEB. 25.) In Monday's Star we stated some particulars respecting the bushfire at Bullarook that de- stroyed the mills of Messrs. Graves and Fraser. We now learn that the mill was insured in the Melbourne Fire and Life Insurance Office for the sum of £1,200. Various rumours were afloat that the Messrs. Andersons' and other mills had been destroyed, but there is no truth in the statement. Several huts belonging to wood splitters and small cultivators have been however, burned. The fire spread with most extraordinary rapidity, and in its course swept onward towards Gordon, extending as far as the Moorabool on one side, a distance of some twenty miles, destroying about half a dozen huts in its passage. The Alliance Company, at Gordon, had great diffi- culty in saving their plant from the devouring element ; but fortunately they were assisted by several neighbours, and, the wind changing at the time, they succeeded in changing the course of the fire, which swept onward with alarming rapidity. At Stieglitz and Mount Egerton we hear that great damage was done, the crops of several farmers and their homesteads having been destroyed. Messers Biddle's mill, of Bullarook, had a very narrow escape, and it required the energetic action of some fifty persons to save it from destruction. On Monday, the change in the wind had dispelled any fears that were enter- tained of these extensive bush fires extending, and late last evening there was a slight prospect of rain. The timber saw-mills of Mr. James Gold- smith, at the Springs, were also completely burned down. The American Saw-mill, at Bullarook, was not injured, but a bridge leading thereto, which cost £300, was burned down, as well as a huge por tion of a tramway. Our Brown Hill correspondent sends us the following -" The bush fire yesterday must have made great havoc among the settlers ; the particulars of the loss of one of these I may re- late. A young man named Spilman, who was recently married, purchased a few acres of land to settle upon in the neighbourhood of the Springs. He built himself a comfortable house, laid in a few months' supply of provi- sions, intending to leave his wife comfortable for a time, while he endeavoured to replenish his almost exhausted funds. He furnished the house, and finished the papering and tacking down of the carpet last Saturday night. He left his home on Sunday morning with his wife to spend the day with his friends at Brown Hill, leaving, through forgetfulness, his purse on the table, containing all the money he had, with his watch. When they returned home in the even- ing all was destroyed. Tho dog waa burned on the chain, and a lamb and goat consumed in the stable. Horse, furniture, clothing, provisions, money, all had gone. His horse was loose in the bush, and may be, for aught he knows, burned also." LINTON. - The bush fires, yesterday (Feb 23), were fiercer and more widely spread than I have ever before seen them. From an early hour the smoke was to be seen rising in every direction, and as it drew towards evening the smoke became thicker, while a ruddy glare spread along the sky. The greatest force of the conflagration appeared towards Springdallah, and towards Smythesdale. On the other side, towards the Flagstaff Hill, the fire was not so great. I walked towards Carn- gham, as far as the dividing range, and found that the whole bush in that direction was on fire. Thousands of trees were in every stage of com- bustion, while occasionally one would come down with a crash, and throw up innumerable sparks. Altogether it was a grand and striking sight. In some places the road was nearly impassable. To- day there is still a great cloud of smoke hanging over the range, but it is not by any means so ex- tensive as on the previous day. SMYTHESDALE. - Bush fires are ravaging the country in all directions, and it is feared that the farmers and dairy owners of this district will suffer considerably by the destructive element. The country in the direction of Carngham and Lucky Woman's is almost obscured by the dense volumes of smoke which, ascending from the burning bush, hang over the scene of conflagra- tion. Everything has a hot and thirsty appear- ance, and publicans are the only exception to the general feeling of ennui and misery. (FROM THE KYNETON OBSERVER, FEB. 25) Sunday last was one of the hottest days that we have yet had this season, the thermometer in the shade being upward of 110deg.. The day itself was extremely unpleasant, hot winds and clouds of dust blowing incessantly through the day, the dust clouds so fierce and dense as com- pletely to obscure the sight. The bush was on fire in almost every direction around the town, and altogether it was one of the most unpleasant days we have witnessed in Kyneton for a long time. When the sun went down on Sunday evening, and the " shades of evening " began to gather, a fire which had been raging on Mount Macedon throughout the day became visible, and was a most beautiful sight. Viewed from Kyneton it looked like a town on fire, or rather with large fires at each side, and innumer- able smaller ones dotted all over the centre, from a greater height it had the appearance of a largo town lit by lamps, and with the exception of the immense side fires, not unlike " Melbourne at a distance." Seen from Woodend the sight waa if anything more magnificent, and would, have well repaid an artist's time to have sketched the scene. The mount seemed one mass of fire towards the top on the Gisborne side and narrowing down to a small space whence it dipped into a low ravine called the "Devil's Hole," around which it shed a lurid light, lighting up the dense forest for miles round, and making every tree in the background stand out with bold distinctness. The scene defies all description and was certainly a splen- did sight. To the left of the larger fire was another, apparently some three or four miles dis- tant, not visible from Woodend, stretching over the neck of the mount on the Lancefield side, and dotted all around Kyneton were numerous fires of a smaller description. The fire on the mount originated about a quarter of a mile above Shakespeare and Crossleys saw-mills, but fortu nately we believe did no damage to theirs or Hoffman and Bullock's mills, which are also situated in the immediate vicinity of the fire. As far as we have yet been able to learn, no loss of life or property, beyond the burning of the timber, has ensued, but the fire we understand far surpasses anything the oldest resident on the mount can remember, and certainly none will readily forget it. ROBBERY UNDER ARMS.— At the Castlemaine Circuit Court, on the 22nd inst. ,(as we learn from the Advertiser,) Patrick Devaney, the com- panion of Sanders and Johnson, pleaded guilty to a charge of robbing the house of Thomas Dudley, in their company, at M'lvor Creek. The prosecutor, it will be remembered, was pro- preitor of an hotel at M'Ivor. Sanders, Johnson, and the prisoner came to the house early in the evening and stuck him up, with the servants. They were all tied in the kitchen, and at dif- ferent hours of the night other people who called at the hotel, to the number of four- teen or fifteen, were also fastened in the kitchen. After ransacking the house, the men left about two o'clock in the morn- ing. There was another similar charge against the prisoner of sticking up the Rams Horn Hotel, at Ravenswood, which was abandoned by the Crown on his pleading "Guilty" to the first. His Honour having read through the depositions, the prisoner was asked if he had anything to say why sentence should not be passed upon him, ac- cording to law. The prisoner replied " No, " but handed in a written statement. His Honour having read this, addressing the prisoner, said :— "You have pleaded ' Guilty ' to a most serious charge—one of a series of offences, perpe- trated upon different persons, one after an- other, and in such a way that it was more by accident than any good feeling on your part, that those offences did not terminate in murder. You seem to have been well armed, and it was only owing to the conduct and dispositions of the persons that murder was not committed. As far as you are personally concerned, you do not seem to have been guilty of any peculiar act of cruelty, but you committed an offence of the most serious character, and which it is necessary should be marked with a heavy punishment. The sentence of the court in that you be kept to hard labour on the roads of the colony, or such other works as His Excellency may appoint, for a period of eight years, the first two in irons." THE NUCLEUS OF A MUSEUM.- The desirable- ness of having a museum in connexion with the Mechanics' Institute has been ofton dwelt upon, lut as yet thero lus bcou littlo or nothing dono towards it. In so largo a district as this thoro tught to bo procurable a good collection of I alura! and lutifici-l productions worth prosuv ng for examu ation AA'o understand that tho i uolcus of a museum nheady exists, in tho shapo e f an aboripmnl skull, which, to tho imaginativo, (.nrs with hideous comphcenoy from the mantel jieco of the scciotarj'fl room, as if delighted with the Bingular impôt anco thus iccordod lo it I y tho "white fcllo AS," who fail to brin » any tiber cnrio'it cs together. AVo aro glad to hoir, livicvor, that Professor Abel has picmimd a de nation of minerals in aid of a museum,-an 1 v e ttust so good au cxnmplo will bo folio re 1 br ether gentlemen who cando aa much or moro in this excellent waj -Ballarat Stat, Veh ¿~> A DEFAULTER - Yesterday we understand that Mr. S. U. Brown, wardens clerk in Beech- worth, was apprehended on the serious charge of having embezzled public moneys. His accounts are found to be deficient to a large amount, but as the case is likely to appear in the courts in a day or two, we shall not, on the authority of mere rumour, anticipate the revelations which will be made. - Constitution, Feb.24. 