VTOTOUTA. CEICKET MATCH WITH THE ALL ENGLAND ELEVEN. The Argus gives the following particulars of the third and fourth days' play in the above match : — TH I KD DAY. The third day, but not the last, as was expected, of this famous match, dawned rather inaospiciousiy, and it was not until past 10 o'clock that the clouds, .which for hours had been, heavy and threatening, began to disperse, and the wind which had been blowing too strong and raw for cricket, softened into a cool and refreshing southerly breeze, wnicn _ conti nued throughout the day. The attendance in the early part of the day was considerably less than on the two previous days, but as the afternoon advanced the numbers rapidly increased, and by 2 o'clock there could not have beeD present less than 10,000 or 12,000 persons, including those on the hill and other parts of the paddock. The Grand Stand contained about 3,000. His Excellency and Lady Barkly arrived ?kortly after the resumption of the game, and remained till the play was over. Caffyn and Iddison, who were 'not out' on Thursday, were promptly at their wickets at the appointed time ; but the Eighteen were very dilatory in putting in an appearance. Scarcely were the England men once more fairly at; work than Caffyn showed clearly bis intention of making a long score. His batting was of the most brilliant order, and attracted the attention even of indifferent and unskilled spectators. Iddison, too, played an exceedingly fine game ; and, between the wo. the field was scarcelv allowed to remain idle for a moment. Elliott, who was bowling at one end, did his best ; and Wardill, Makinson, Butterworth, and others, were doing all they knew to impede the progress of the score; but in vain, until at length Makinson was induced to attempt an overture in 'slow' time; and a most luckless performance it was, as the details will 6how. Such an ' old soldier' as Caffyn waa sot to be so easily out-manoeuvred, nor was Iddison one whit more accommodating. In short, Makinson was fearfully punished, especially to square leg; and yet Caffyn's wicket looked so utterly impregnable that the only hope of the Victorians seemed to lie in the accident of a catch. Wardill, at this period of the game, was fielding in a style beyond all praise, and several times prevented the pernicious consequences of the slow bowling being too severely felt. Conway, at Elliott's end, at length revived the spirits of his friends, by giving Iddison his quietus, with a 'ripper.' H. H. Stephenson, after scoring only two, was Conway's second victim. People looked on in amazement, and some even began to ask if the tide of battle was beginning to turn ; but their enthusiasm was destined to be of short duration. Laurence came to the rescue, and, with Caffyn, set to work to revenge the fall of his captain. And now followed a display of batting suchT as had never before been witnessed in these colonies. In vain Conway, flushed with success, de livered ball after ball with 'unflagging energy ; Lau rence would slip them in exquisite style for two, or cut them for threes or fours ; while Caffyn increased his already formidable score, by apparently doing with them just what he liked. Unhappy Makinson, who still persisted in his efforts, only added to the disasters of the Victorians, till at last Caffyn, after a drive for four, which almost broke Sweeney's heart, was fairly obliged to rest himself, and, by way of doing so, had recourse to a roll upon the grass — an act of luxurious indulgence which was hugely relished and uproariously laughed at and applauded by general consent of the spectators. Excitement ran high. Laurence deserves his character of a ' splendid bat.' Grace, skill, style, all were united in his attitude and action. Of Caffyn's style it is superfluous to speak. The two together looked anincomparablepair; and the score was rising 240. By way of showing his respect for Con way j Lawrence now stopped an over from him in superb style ; and then Marshall, finding that Makinson would not do, entrusted the ball to Stewart, who had scarcely time to exhibit his quality before the bell was rung for luncheon. The luncheon pavilion was well filled ; and Mr. J. R Hamilton, the President of the Melbourne Club, presided. Among those present were Mr. O'Shanassy, Mr. Heales, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Verdon, Mr. Kirk, Mr. Levy, and' other members of the Legislative Assembly. The waste of time for luncheon was most abominable — little short of an hour and a half; and had not those of the Eleven who had not yet gone in entertained the public with a little practice, decided mavks of impatience would have beeu manifested. As usual, the batsman were ready long before the Victorians, who ou ght certainly to have known better than to keep them waiting as they did. The re mainder of the innings of the Eloveu may be briefly delpafcched. Caffyn, after scoring 79, surrendered his bat, being neatly caught by O' Mullane off Stewart. Having cast a lingering look at his destroyer, he walked to the Stand, where he received quite an oration. Laurence too, with 20 to his name, was caught by Conway from Bryant. Hearne, after a brief innings, was bowled by Stewart ; and Mortloek carried out his bat for 11. Tliera was a good deal of excitement towards the close of the innings as to the probability of the Eleven making 300. The score was already at 290, when the active and magnanimous Eighteen, who had not long before visited Bryant's pavilion, Triads an excursion to that of G-eorge Marshall, on the other side of the ground. It was impossible they could be thirsty; and it really looked, so people said, a3 though their ' little game' was to eke out the time, in order that they might not be called upon to go to the wickets again that night. But this ' little game,' if it existed, was perfectly underatood and .properly appreciated ; and we sincerely trust the public, who did not like the pro ceeding, were laboring under a mistake. H. H. Stephenson lost veiy little time in sending his men puce more into the field. Bennett was absent, from the effects of his old strain at St. Kilda, and his place was filled for the nonce by Mr. W. Hatnmersley, well known as one of our most scien tific cricketers, though now somewhat out of practice. Huddlestone and Mace, after the usual delay, catne to the wickets. Very few overs were given, and very few runs were got — Griffith being at one end, and Laurance bowling slow underhand ' twisters' at the other. There was hardly time to make comparisons; but Bennett was in request, and it was anxiously hoped he would be at his post agaiu on the morrow. The only other incident worthy of notice at this point of the game was an unlucky accident which befel Mudie, who had his right hand injured while stopping a ball sharply hit by J. Huddleston. He was obliged to quit his post, and almost immediately afterwards the wickets were drawn. Subjoined is the score : — THE ALL-Ey-JLAJTD ELEVEN. Bennett, c Butterworth, b Conway . . 11 E. Steplienson, b Conway ? 31 Mudie, b Elliott ? 22 Griffith, c Butterwortb, b Costick . . . . 61 Caffyu, c O'MulIane, b Stewart .. ..79 Iddison, b Conway . . . . ? 31 H. H. Stephenson, b Conway . . . . 2 Lam-once, e Oonway, b Bryaut . . . . 20 Sewell, b Stewart ? - 3 Mortloek, not out . . . . . . . . 11 Hearn, b Stewart . . . . . - . ? 8 Byes ? 7 Lag byes ? 4 Wides ? 12 305 Analysis of bowling — Conway, 5 wides, 205 balls, 60 runs, 24 maidens, 4 wickets ; Co3tiok, 1 wide, 124 balls, 31 runs, 19 maidens, 1 wicket ; Bryant, 196 balls, 33 runs, 28 maidens, 1 wieket ; Stewart, 4 wides, 154 balls, 50 runs, 9 maidens, 3 wickets; Elliott, 1 wide, 101 balls, 48 runs, 7 maidens, 1 wicket ; Morriss, 1 wide, 25 balls, 9 runs, 2 maidens ; Marshall, 16 balls, 8 runs, 1 maiden ; Makinson, 60 balls, 43 runs. 1 maiden. THE EIGHTEEN. SECOND INNING.3. J. Huddleston, uot out . . . . . . 2 Mace, not out ,, ., ., . , $ FOTTBTH DAT. The attendance of spectators on the ground on Saturday was nearly as large as Thursday, but some what less interest was felt, as it was now evident that the Victorians must be beaten. Of the game itself, that is to say, of the second innings of the Eighteen, it will be sufficient to observe, avoiding details for the -present, that, with a few striking exceptions, among whom Huddleston, Wardill, Mace, and Coatick de serve honorable mention, it resolved itself into a series of disasters.. It began well, for although Mace and Huddleston' could not do much with the dangerous bowling of Iddison, they made runs in plenty from Laurence, whose ' slows,' it is scarcely unfavorable criticism to say, were of little avail after the first day's practice from Bennett. The bowling of the hitter will be recollected as one of the most prominent features of the match. Sewell, who gave the Eighteen a taste of his quality for the first time on Saturday, achieved a most extraordinary success — wicket after wicket, and those the strongest, falling to him in rapid succession. Several splendid catches were made, which will be found noticed below. Wardill's batting wan the hpflfc nf t.Via fiav. The inflation of the balloon which was announced to ascend had commenced under the superintendence of Mr. Hutchison, of the Melbourne Gas Company, a little after two o'clock in the afternoon, and it arrived in the cricket-ground shortly after four o'clock, by the gate near the pavilion. As eoon as it was dis discerned floating rapidly between the trees in the paddock, the crowd, which had now been allowed within the chain barrier, rushed across the ground, and cheered lustily. As it neared the ground, Mr. Pond waB discovered sitting in the car, and came in for a .kind of ovation. Messrs. Brown aud Dean, the aeronauts, had charge of the proceedings, and under their guidance the balloon was steered towards His Excellency's box, in the centre of the stand, amidst tremendous applause. Nothing could be more suc cessful. The volunteer band, -whether in honor of the airy monster, or out of compliment to the All England Eleven, struck up ' See the conquering hero comes.' The balloon had painted oa one side the portrait of Her Majesty, and on the other the Arms of Australia, and the words 'All- England Eleven,' which were very distinct and legible on the white silk of which it is composed. Arrived in front of the G-overnor's box, a pause ensued while a photograph of the scene was taken from the Grand Stand. At length, everything being ready, at half-past 4 o'clock the ballon, the car of which contained Mr. Brown and his wife and Mr. .uean, was let go, and ascended rapidly and gracefully into the air, the wind taking it in almost every direc tion till it had completed nearly the circuit of view. At 37 minutes past 4 it was over Fitzroy-square ; at 42 minutes past it was over the Botanical Gardens Station of the Suburban Railway. A first attempt was made to land between Richmond and Hawthorn, but the current of air changing the aeronauts were compelled to reascend, and they finally came down safely in Albert-street, Fitzroy, after a voyage of 35 minutes over a track of seven or eight miles in extent. The greatest altitude attained was nearly a mile and a-half, and nothing could be prettier than the appear ance of the balloon, as its white globe glittered in the sun against the perfectly clear blue of the sky. It was followed to a considerable distance by a number of swallows, who fluttered round about it with their sharp black wings, apparently curious to make the acquaintance of so novel an. intruder upon their aerial domain. The following is the score : — Victorian; eighteen. SECOND INNINGS. J. Huddleston, c Iddison, b Sewell . . 18 C. Mace, b Sewell ? 21 J. Sweeney, c Laurence, b Sewell . . . . 0 J. Bryant, b Sewell ? 0 G. Marshall, c Mortloek, b Sewell. . 0 J, B. Thompson, run out ? 0 T. F. Wray, c H. H. Stephenson, b Iddison ? . . . . 0 S. S. Rennie, c Laurence, b Iddison . . 0 C. Makinson, ran out ? 0 R. W. Wardill, c Laurence, b Griffith . . 18 J. Stewart, b Iddison ? 0 S. Costick, c Iddison, b Griffith . . . . 11 S. Hopkinson, c Bennett, b Caffyn . . 13 G. Elliott, c Iddison, b Sewell . . . . 8 J. Conway, stumped H. H. Stephenson, b Caffyn ? 1 T. Morres, run out . . . . . . . . 0 G. O' Mullane, not out .. ..* .. 0 B. Butterworth, c Iddison, b Sewell . . 0 Wides ? 2 Total ? 92 Victorian Eighteen. — Second Innings ; Griffith bowled 1 wide, 41 balls, 9 runs, 4 maidens, 2 wickets; Laurence, 44 balls, 31 runs, 1 maiden ; Sewell, 1 wide, 104 balls, 17 maidens, 7 wickets ; Iddison, 88 balls, 24 runs, 13 maidens, 3 wickets ; Caffyn, 28 balls, 5 runs, 3 maidens, 2 wickets. THE GOVERNMENT NEW YEAR KIFLE MATCH. riBsr DAr. The following are the scores obtained at the Rifle Match, which came off in Melbourne on the 1st inst. ; there were 77 competitors, who fired fifteen rounds each, at 220, 500, and 600 yards. J. Hamilton, Emerald Hill ? 19 Sergeant Douch, Artillery ? 18 H. Langtree, South Yarra ? 18 W. Dent, North Melbourne .. ..16 T. Moran, Prahran ? 16 J. Frost, North Melbourne . . . . 15 ? J. Balfour, Goelong ? 15 H. M'Pherson, North Melbourne .. ..15 J. Hardy, Engineers ? 15 C. Mason, 2nd St. Kilda ? 15 Sergeant Anderson, 1st St. Kilda . . . . 15 H. Moors, 2nd St. Kilda ? 15 J. S. Carlisle, South \arra ? 15 G. Brown, Artillery ? 15 Stawell, Emerald Hill ? 15 Seven of the competitors made 14, five 13, six 12, eight 11, six 10, seven 9, six 8, seven 7, four 6, two 5, one 4, and three 3. SECOND DAT. This match was continued the next morning with success. The shooting, though little if at all inferior to that of the day before, took place tinder far greater difficulties, for the keen southerly gusts that accom^ panied daybreak, and prevailed during the early hours of the morning sadly interfered with sights and allow ances for windage. The shooting took place under the superintendence of Colonel Phjf, and his staff-captains, Hall and Pitt. Eighty competitors fired off fifteen rounds each, at the given ranges of 200, 500, and 600 yards. Nine of those who had entered them selves to compete were absent. We still adhere to our plan of only mentioning the more remarkable scores till the match is over. The following are those worth present record : — J. Cole, Emerald Hill ? 18 J. Paton, North Melbourne ? 17 I. R. Kelson, First St. Kilda .. .. 17 H.W.Tisk, Hawthorn and Kew ? 17 Sergeant Bradshaw. First St. Kilda .. 16 Sergeant Tullet, First St. Kilda . . . . 16 T. ilcHutcUinson, Emerald Hill . . . . 16 J. Blackburne, Hawthorne and Kew .. 16 Captain Iladcliffe, Cailton ? 15 R. C. White (mate), Saudridge division of Naval Brigade ? 15 Besides these, one competitor made 14 points, six 13, six 12, eight 11, twelve 10, nine 9, six 8, nine 7, one 6, two 5, and one 4 points. THIED DAT. The last day (Saturday) ol tnis match was a par ticularly fine one for the riflemen. The early hours of the morning — and the shooting lasted from half past 5 to 10 a.m. — were of the best known in our climate. The average numher of points was 11*04, the range being variously at 200, 500, and 600 yards. The competitors were not entirely metropolitan, for, beyond the members of our suburban (including Brighton and Geelong) companies, the Bellkst Rifles were represented by Mr. R. J. Mills, while five of the volunteers of Maryborough tried their hand. Their scores were good; but the up-country competitors urge as a natural excuse for not having taken prizes their non-acquaintaace with the ground, and more especially the jovialities of the season and the excite ment of the cricket-match. The prizes varied from £28 12s. 6d. to £5 14s. 6d. By the White Swan we have Melbourne papers to the 14th January. We extract the following: — ' The agitation for the subdivision of the squatters' runs is gradually and surely extending itself, and in every district in which attention has besn called to the subject, the farmers have all but unanimously declared in favor of the project. The Star reports tliat the 'Smeatou, Spring Hill, and Bdlarook Agricultural Association, have determined to forward to the Commissioner of Public Lands a similar memorial to that lately forwarded by the Ballarat farmers through Mr. Service, expressing their desire that the pastoral runs of the colony may be sub divided. The. memorial, which has been duly signed on behalf of the ahove-navned Association, by W. Miller, E.sq., J.P., the President, will be for warded through Mr. Prazer, M.L.A.' ' Fortunately for all, the hot weather which has been felt so oppressively in Melbourne appears to have passed away. With the thermometer standing at 100 ° in the shade, as waa the ease ou Friday, and the Tan Tean water supply temporarily suspended, great inconveniences were experienced in the city. The country districts appear, however, ta have suffered in a still greater degree. We learn by a tele gram which appears in another column that a bush fice of an unusually serious character took place on Friday, at Tarrawingee, The crops in the neighbour hood are stated to be totally destroyed, many of the farmers have been ruiued, and the whole district has been placed in a *tate of alarm. From the facts already made known, it will probably transpire that other destructive conflagrations have, occurred ia different parts of the colony, for the same great heat appears to have been experienced in every part. ' Although from some portions of the colony we have very cheering intelligence relative to the crops, yet from other' parts the reports are equally unfavor able. The following, from the Warrnanibool JEx? aminer of the 7th inst., partakes of the latter description : — c The farmers are now getting in their hay, but we regret to say there will be but little of that material of good quality tbi9 season, the weather being bo unfavorable. The crops generally -will be much below the average of former years, and we hear of some farmers who are actually cutting their wheat and selling it for hay at £2 per ton. In many cases it will not even pay for cutting. The caterpillars and grubs, this season, have been extraordinarily large, and have committed great havoc amongst the crops. The cricket match between the Eleven of All Eng land and Twenty-two players of the Beeehworth. District was concluded on Saturday, and resulted in the victory of the English champions in one innings, by 18!inins. In the second innings the Beeehworth cricketers somewhat improved upon then* first effort, and secured 56 runs. It was currently reported in town on Saturday that Griffiths, the celebrated hitter and bowler, had challenged any eleven of the Twenty two to play a single wicket match. The English. players are expected to arrive in town on Tuesday morning. ' The seventh intercolonial cricket match was con cluded on Saturday, and was won by Victoria with 10 wickets to fall. This is the fifth victory which has fallen to the lot of the younger colony, and it is also the most decisive. When play was commenced on Saturday New South Wales had five wickets to faU, and 64 runs to obtain to prevent defeat in one innings. This, it was thought, they would hardly succeed in doing. However/,the fine batting of Moore, Gilbert, and Captain Ward saved the match so far, and rendered it necessary for the Victorians to take a second innings to obtain four runs — a feat which was easily accomplished without the loss of a wicket. The numbers scored were — New South Wales, 76 and 107, and Victoria, 132 and 5* Throughout the day the weather was very agreeable, and the attend ance of the public, though still indifferent, was better than that on any of the previous days. The match has been characterised by the utmost good feeling between the players engaged, and has passed off most pleasantly. The Sydney Eleven are not cast down by their ill-success, and the Victorian cricketers were complimented by Sir Francis Murphy at the luncheon for bearing defeat tne one week ana victory the next with an equal serenity. The cup presented by Brush and M'Don nell for the highest scorer was awarded to J. Huddle ston, who had obtained 44 runs in the first inninga. On the Sydney side Gilbert with 6 in the first and 26 ia the second innings holds the highest position.' Speaking of the approaching harvest, the Banner of Belfast says : — ' The forthcoming harvest does not appear to be a very promising one, the ravages committed by the wireworm in the early portion of the year being aggravated by a blight which will seriously diminish the yield of grain. The blighted heads have the appearance of the threshed straw, and where they do contain any wheat the grain is small, shrivelled, and ill-colored. The crop in this district will fall far short of an average one.' u yesterday was the hottest day of theseason yet experienced, though there were indications last night that to- day may give us still warmer weather. The heat reached its maximum at three o'clock p.m., when the temperature in the shade reached 105 ° , and in the sun 132 ° 6'. The wind, which was like a blast from a furnace, was from N.E., N., and N.W. About 6 o'clock it fell calm, and about 7 o'clock p.m. a slighc breeze sprang up from the south-west, but lasted only for a quarter of an hour, when it settled into the north-east. A gentle fall of rain for a few minutes then took place, accompanied and followed by thunder and lightning. We regret to learn that at Rutherglen, on the 10th, a terrific daststorm took place, in whieh the Presbyterian Chapel and a number of other buildings of a public character were thrown to the ground, and almost every house and tent in Rutherglen and Wagvmyah more or less injured. At Tarawingee, on the 12th, the great bushfires raging there had en - veloped 11 farms, destroying the houses and crops. At Inglfiwood the weather has been almost unbear able. The Mining Registrar reports that in the camp there, in the shade, and with a light S.E. breeze, the thermometer at 1 p.m. on the 9th instant stood afc 107 ° , and at 3 p.m. at 111 ° . On the 10th, under similar circumstances, the thermometer recorded as follows : — 10 a.m., 107 ° ; noon, 116 ° ; 1 p.m., 112 ° ; 2 p.m., 110 ° . On the 11th, at noon, 84 ° ; and at 1 p.m., 88 ° . Between noon and half-past 10 p.m., on the 10th, the mercury in the thermometer fell from 116 ° to 76 ° V .'—Argus, Jan. 14. ' The City Council sat for nearly five hours yes terday, and several important questions were brought forward. An address was presented to King, the explorer, who attended in person to receive it. The Council Chamber was crowded, and the surviving explorer experienced a most enthusiastic reception. An address to Sir Redmond Barry, the new repre sentative of Victoria at the Great Exhibition of 1862, was also adopted, but not presented. The matter of the prosecntion of the late City Treasurer was nest brought forward, and definitely abandoned, not before a charge of 'persecuting,' instead of ' proseouting,' had been brought against those con cerned in acting against Mr. Farewell. The two most interesting subjects discussed were — one brought forward by Alderman Smith, praying the Queen to make the Mayor of Melbourne a Lord Mayor ; and the other by Councillor Jones, providing that the Mayor and Aldermen should be elected by the general body of the ratepayers. The former, after an animated discussion, was put and lost by a large majority, while the principle sought to be estab lished by Councillor Jones was in the main agreed to, the final resolution giving practical effect to the decision of the Council being oddly enough allowed to fall through. The proceedings altogether, espe cially towards .the close of the sitting, were of a conversational and discursive character — so much so, that as three or four Councillors were always speak ing at once, the words usely only rarely reached the reporters.' — Argus, January 14. COM3EEECIAX. The mails by the Benares have been in course of delivery during the day. The bulk of the Melbourne letters was out by the early delivery. The Amerieaii news has been the principal topic of discussion. AdviceB have been received here that a war premium. was demanded in London on the 27th November ou the insurance of vessels engaged in the Australian trade. On vessels ' actually sailed from Australian. ports,' 1 per cent, was asked, and on vessels ' to sail before 31st December,' 2 per cent. ? The Melbourne Banks will, it is understood, raise the rate of exchange in the like ratio. The local marine insurance com panies will follow the example set by the English offices. 'By auction Messrs. Fraser & Cohen offered the unsold portions of the cargoes of Mauritius ?sugars ex Gondola, Chevy Chase, and Laurence, and deposed of 2,500 bags at following prices :— Mid- dling to fine, white crystals, at from £45 to £4.7 ; low to fine yellows, from £38 15s. to £i2; and fiue brown, from £3S to £3H ll«. per ton. me same firm also disposed of some parcels of tobacco, at Messrs. Grice, Summer, & Co.'9 bonded stores, at the subjoined rates : — 1 lb. lumps, Gilpin's brand, at 8£d.; Harley's, at 7f d. ; Moore's, at 6|d. — sold per sample, quality not guaranteed ; and canary aromatic, £-lb. lumps, at Is. 9d. per lb. in bond. The Mills. — Demand has been steady throughout the week at unchanged prices. Mill prices are — Fine flour £13 to £13 10s. per ton ; oatmeal, £25 per ton ; bran, Is. 6d. per bushel ; wheat 5s: 6J. to 6s. per bushel. For flour there bas been some enquiry. Hart's fines have been done at £14 10s., and Bjeby and Dunstan's at £13 10s. per ton. Oats ara also in dnnand, and first-class samples meet a realy sale at full quotations. 