The proceedings connected with the ordi nary working of our parliamentary system attract little attention, and certainly appear little understood. Tt is of course presumed that the various forms and regulations, as certained hy time and experience to he con ducive to utility and regularity, are framed to insure the despatch of the business of the state. As yet, we admit, our experience in nractical legislation is very limited, and we are hardly in a position to pronounce any opinions conclusively upon its advantages and demerits. The routine business of the Assembly, appropriately in a great measure, follows the usages and customs of the House of Commons. We accept the practice of the ' good old times' as the light for our guidance ; but we have yet to learn that we are taking the most judicious course. We need not remind honorable members that this subject invites some more attention than it has hitherto received ; and it is a matter of surprise that it has so long escaped notice. In entering upon the career of selfgovern ment, no doubt our legislators acted wisely in adopting the rules and orders of the Bri tish Parliament ; yet the Imperial proce dure, in many respects, can have no sort of relevancy to the Legisla ture of this colony. It is true that the jesthetic regulations entering into the government of deliberate bodies are alike applicable in either case. The be havior of members must obviously be no less decorous, and strictly in conformity with the proprieties and amenities of free and independent discussion. We may not rival the more exquisite forms of refinement in the absence of fledgling dukes and marquises ; but, though we risk an occa sional Irish row, nevertheless we fortunately have not descended to the ' cock-crowing 'and cat-calls ' which from time to time grace the debates in the august assembly of the realin. Under such circumstances, we take credit that the general manners^ of the ' people's representatives ' offer nothing for particular complaint, and our reforming friends in the old country have no reason to blush at our ' honorable members' ' deport ment in the new field of political life. Still, we have to regret that the procedure of Parliament contributes to our legislative functions a great deal of unnecessary for mality and routine business. This is more immediately apparent in the present system of select committees, which certainly occu pies an extravagant portion of the time of hon. members. We have before us a return to an order of the Legislative Assembly, made near the end of the last session, which reveals startling evidences of the worthless and costly labors to which they give rise. Indeed the evil is of that magnitude that we look to the good sense of the Assembly to modify and arrest a practice which — at least during th« last three sessions — exhibits a most reprehensible waste of time and ex penditure. We apprehend the country is wholly in ignorance of the ex tent and expensiveness of this branch of legislation, which in its operation appears to discard the ordinary economic safeguards of the public interests. The pre sent return sets forth, under the name of the several select committees, the objects of the committee, and the result or substance of the report made to the Assembly. It also gives the number of members of committees, the number of days of their meeting and atten dance, the number of witnesses examined, and, further, the approximate cost of short hand reporting, the cost of printing, and the approxinmte total cost of the committees of the session. We find, therefore, that during the session 1859-GO there were no less than twenty- eight select committees appointed, at a total cost of £4713 2s Id. In 1860-61, the number of these committees was fifteen, and their total cost £1400 19s Id ; whilst in the last session of 1861-62, there were twenty nine committees, conducted at the cost of £4627 6s ; the grand totals for the three sessions being : — For expenses allowed to witnesses, £538 0s 6d ; for short-hand re porting, £3682 10s 3d ; the cost for printing, £6520 16s 3d ; and altogether, £10,741 7s 2d. It is not perhaps necessary to furnish an epitome of the titles and objects of the various select committees which have in volved this enormous expenditure. We con tent ourselves with the statement that for the most part they were attended by no sort of practical results. In reviewing the ses sion of 1861-62, the report informs us that the select committee on the insolvency laws cost £329 7s Id; the select committee -m the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum cost £427 Is 2d; the select committee on Roads and Bridges cost £1038 2s 8d ; the scloct com mittee on the Police Force cost £535 13*3.1; the select committee on the Military and Naval Defences cost £219 133 3d, and the si- fenf. committee on the Central Railway Terminus cost £280 7s 7d. In return for the labors of these committees, we have, it is true, voluminous masses of evidence, but they do not contribute a single jot to the effective business of Parliament. Surely then it is high time that some check was given to this branch of legislative duties. We do not in any way wish to limit the functions of our legislators, but it i3 quite another matti'i- to sulfer the perpetuation ot the flagrant abuses connected with this sj'Stem. Under judicious regulations, there can be no doubt of the usefulness of select committees. The ques tion we now raise is not that of legitimate use. It is rather, do we not encourage frivolous and expensive proceedings by their agency, which cannot possibly tend to the public advantage ? We very unwillingly censure honorable members who laudably give their time to the committee business of the House. In many instances we learn from the ' printed ' evidence' the zeal and industry with which these labors are pursued. Yet we cannot shut our eyes to the fact that, in the ma jority of cases, members give themselves very little concern about such duties, aud lounge into the committee rooms with utter indifference to the proceedings. If these views, then, are not incorrect, obviously the initiation of select committees demands a radical reformation. The irreater number of these committees are granted rather in gratification of the personal vanity of mem bers than with any recognition of a public nature. It is only when some political or party object elk its attention that any check is given to their appoint ment. A glance at the names of the members sitting on them, and the days of their attendance, according to the report, shows how little of the time of the leading men of the House is given to them. These committees consist usually of not ' less than ' five nor more than twelve members' — but ' Her Majesty's Government' and the ' older members,' only reluctantly engage in their proceedings. It follows therefore, as a matter of course, that a certain class of1 members are generally found in the com mittee rooms, who are mainly relied upon, to make up the usual quorum. These com mittees, consequently, are failures really ia their business character. There is not the diligence, or regularity of attendance mani fested, to master the successive stages of in quiry, and the 'final report' seldom posses ses more value than that of the individual opinion of the me Tiber who obtained the committee. The titles of the select com mittees noticed in the report, satisfy us, that honorable members take upon them selves the investigation of subjects of a wonderfully varied character ; and frequently their attainments, it is not discreditable to say, are altogether unsuited to their proper elucidation. We trust, therefore, that the Legislature will take steps to release itself of the opprobrium of the existing system of select committees. : In certain cases there is more than suspicion that they are called for from ? ''interested motives ;' and in all cases, they impose ati undue tax on members who earnestly engage in their Paliamentary duties ; practically, we may add, these select committees are the means _ of retarding rather than promoting legislation. 1 The Government of the day takes advantage of the system to escape their becomiug share of the responsibility of public questions, and the House itself shelves inconvenient measures, by consigning verdant members, who bring them forward, to the limbo of select committees. To others than the gold-miner and the squatter have the Australias proved a mine of wealth. The modern novelist owes to. them a large debt of gratitude. A new field of fresh incident has been opened up, of which the fiction- writers have not been slow to avail themselves. Both playwrights and novelists were for a time at their wits' end. The rich uncle from India, who always came home, or died and bequeathed a life's savings, had done duty so often that people began to be suspicious of him, and valued his gold as no better than counters. The tendency of the age towards self-reliance and self-help, and self-made men, demanded a now des cription of denouement. There was some thing unsatisfactory to the reflective, that,, alter some scamp had tortured his friends,, and made the sympathetic readers heart bleed for them all through the conventional three volumes, in the last chapter, by promising amendment, aud espousing the modest, meek-eyed heroine, he should be made rich and happy for life. The modern _ novelist can now put him to his purgation. He sends the delinquent to Australia, and give9 him two or three years' up-hill work at gold mining, or a little combination of field sport and money-making upon a cattle station^ in an out district before restoring him to family, friends, and fortune. If the writer wishes to be rid of him altogether, convict Aus tralia affords an equally serviceable place to which to consign him without expectation of his incontinently turning up at incon venient seasonsVv. Dickens presented us with the sanguine Micawbek many years. :flgo, and left him with us. Amongst the^pplicants for Uo vernment appointments, we may trace many of his blood relations, for whom a snug berth in the circumlocution office never turns up. The Rev. Charles Kingsley, in ' Two ' Years Ago,' gives us a scene at Ballaarat, and imports hence the belt of gold upon which the main incidents of his story hinge. His brother, Henry KiNGSLEY.in 'Geoffrey ' Hamlyn,' has written a novel purely Australian in its location, which works up, with considerable skill, most of. the standard incidents— such as the sttcking up of the gold escort, and the inevitable bush-fire. William Howitx has given us a memorial of his residence in Victoria, and his bush experiences, in JJ lal 'langetta, or the Squatters' Home. ia ' The Caxtons, Buliver lent us a young hero I to get rich amongst us, and then ungrate fully took him home again. In his last novel he is more generous. He leaves us a doctor or so, and his wife, to assist m the de velopment of our future industrial resources,. and he locals that strangest event in ' A Strange Story,' — in which the properties and illusions are all so obviously borrowed ; from a scene in ' Dcr Freischutz,' — in the Australian bush. Charles Heads, in ii Never too Late to Mend ' works out upon ' Australian soil a large portion of his plot. ' These are but a few examples of many. That popular Adelphi sensation drama ' Janet ' Pbide,' introduces the Black Forest and the modem Claude Dcval — the gentle manly bushranger. In play or novel, the : hero is now ever ready to say .with Signor ! Benedick ' Will your grace command me j ' any service to the world's end ? I will I « go on the slightest errand to the anti ' podes that you can devise to send me on.' There is another phase of literature re lating to Australia, which does not profess to ; be fiction — is less amusing and more un satisfactory. The myriad productions pre tending to be the results of practical ex perience in the Australian colonies must ; puzzle the readers who make the rash at tempt of trying to reconcile their conflicting representations of facts and diametrical oppositeness of views. To merely catalogue the works of this description that have been lately published would be a matter of diffi culty. Their name is legion. Ten years since the inquiring emigi ant, seeking for in formation as to the social and general con dition of Australia, towards whose blue skies and boundless territory his inclinations were tending, was probably handed a little book by one Earp. This work spoke confidently, and much were those who depended upon it misled. It had been written before the gold discoveries, and was therefore practically useless. Those who depended upon it found upon their urrival that they had loft behind them many useful articles and burdened themselves with others that were valueless. They had left undone those things which they ought to have done, and they had done those things which they ought not to have done. Eabp can never know the mistakes into which he led unwitting people. Those who would now permit themselves to be guided by the various works which relate is.usucuic.ui pmsuuuL cApeiiuuues, unu wmcu profess to advise the emigrant, would be al most as far astray. Most of the authors have been influenced by their personal suc cess, or the contrary. This is quite natural. If the Hon. C. G. Duffy wrote a book on Australia, he would paint a rosier picture than would Mr Thomas Mooney, the un fortunate and self-expatriated, erstwhile his co-agitator at seditious meetings in Dublin. Of the various books which illustrate more or less truthfully the realities of life in Vic toria, as it was for five years after the gold' discoveries, we have met none more unpretendingly exact than a little work by the Rev. Abthur Polehampton, Brought up without being inured to toil, and entirely ? devoid of any skill in handicraft, he was thrown upon these resources for several years in Victoria. He tried almost every ? description of labor. In turn gold miner and wood- splitter, quarryman and house painter, reaper and shearer, charcoal-burner, and fisherman, he made out an existence, and cheerfully bore up against all sorts of depressing reverses. He does not continue his narrative beyond his Australian ex ? periences ; but his prefix indicates that he now fills a position more in accordance with his birth and education. He seems fully to appreciate what he has learned whilst rough ing it in Victoria, — that a man, if he be at . all true to himfself, is more or less equal to pretty nearly all positions in which he may be placed, however novel they may be. He admita that, could he have foreseen all he would have to undertake and go through in Australia, he would have stood aghast, but that having passed through it, he looks back upon the rough part of his life with more satisfaction than any other portion. This means something more than the memoria prceteritorum maforum ? jucunda. Mr Polehampton, in 1862, thus describes what he feels he has gained, and it may serve as a rebuke to a certain amount of snobbishness perceptibly growing up amongst us : — ' I feel that my sympathies have been ' enlarged. I have experienced what a ' laborer's life is. I have felt that there is ' real dignity in labor of all kinds : that ' physical labor is very far from being in ' compatible with refinement of taste and ' feeling. I cannot now look upon another ' as inferior in himself because his conven '?tional grade in society is lower — because ' his hands are rough and toil- stained. Real ' inferiority is often, of course, a concomi ' tant of a humble position in society. In ' point of wealth, outward rank, and educa ' tion (which wealth in a manner brings), ' there must always in a society such as ourB ' be social differences ; but with a very ' small degree of education — such as our ' laboring classes can generally afford if ' they choose — there may always be that ' refinement of heart and soul that makes all ' men brothers, and which all, whatever their ' rank, are constrained to respect, whether ' theywillorno.' Mr Polehampton does not profess to have made a new discovery, but it is one thing to know a thing practically, and another to believe it theoretically. The latter if it go no further is a mere cold ab straction, the former a warm living reality. It is something to learn to separate tinsel from sterling metal, and to understand with out republicanism the true grounds upon which all men are equal. Scarcely anywhere but in the rude scenes of Australian life have men of education had the opportunity of gaining this sort of knowledge of the working bees of the hive, by actual contact, and it is pleasant and encouraging to find that the experience obtained is sometimes admitted with frankness and urged with intelligence. 