TELEGRiVPHIC DESPATCHES. \ricTORiA.— Henthcote, 29th September.— Tho reefs arc turning out well. Alorris, Kirk, and Co.'s liavo bad a voi-y successful crushing, and they consider the best stone has not vet boon reached. A large quantity of antimony lias been l-aisod, mid should a ready market lie found it will become one ol our staples ol industry. It is believed antimony would be more generally employed in manufactures if- tho supply could bo guaranteed. Becehworth, 2t)lh September. — -Tho Alining Commissioners will arrive hero on Wed nesday.. A suite of rooms has been taken for tbem in Wallace's Star Hotel. A crushing has taken pluco at tlio reef at Bardwidgo, Myrtle- ford. Out of SO tons of quartz 370 ozs. oi -gold have been obtained. The same reef has sineo turned out extraordinarily rich. One largo nug get-has been found weighing with the quartz 12 lot.,, but, of which 10 lbs. is pure gold, is on its way to Becehworth. It is intended to publicly exhibit this rich specimen, and tho proceeds are to go to the Hospital. Echuen, 29lh Scptcmbor. — The steamer Settler, reported in a former tele gram as having been snagged in tho River Murray, -and subsequently got off, has arrived ljere, and will take down tho first clip of this season's wool from the stations in tlio neigh-, bourhood of this district. . ? South "Australia. — Adelaide, 29th Septem ber; — The Ministry have tendered - their' resigna tion, and the Hon. Air. Ayres has been- sent -for who lias succeeded in reconstructing the" Govern- ' ment, arid the orily difference is, that Mr. Waterhouso has resigned aud Air. Ayrcs , is his; successor. Tt is intended to push on tlic'busi-; ness of the country as far as possible in those' matters that will not admit of delay,- and, after- i wards to dissolve the Parliament and; go. to the; country. There arc 259 cntrios for ' the Rifle! Association matches. The Governor, . Sir Pominic' Daly; is amongst -the number. The entries'' are; from the members of- twenty- five '/rifle 'ecijii- panies, and also members' of . thc' /WtlL Regi-; mcnt. . .. ; v : / .. . ! New;Sou;TH Wales,— Sydney, 29Ui Septem ber.— The Survcyor-G- cncral - died yesterday at Penrith. The constituents of -Mr Redman, the member, have demanded his resignation, on the ground that ho has neglected his- duties. Four of the men who robbed tho escort have been ap prehended, and are in custody at Bathurst. The Balclutha' arrived last night. A largo bushfire is raging in the vicinity of Sydney, and' is doing Considerable damage. At the criminal sessions to-day; Oliver, the late mauager of the bank at Bathurst was brought up, charged with several acts of embezzlement. Ho pleaded guilty to two charges, and was renianded for "scritpnce.- The Rangatira , is again laid ou ; for Otago,,taud is already- full of passengers. -The latest news,, by thc.-Gitj' .of Hohart, has not damped tho .arclpui- of our minors. The Rangatira sails on Wednes day. vS6rgeaut - Storey, of the 12th Regiment, was taken ill very suddenly and died yesterday. He was an officer 1 very generally liked in the regiment,.. ; -Buskrauging, still continues;, un checked, --and -the necessity of- augmenting tho police force is, every day becoming more appa rent. Barry -Sullivan- has appeared, -and a good housQ has: favored his first bow to a NowiSouth Wales audience: Lnchlau; 29th September.— -Ah attempt ims bech mado to stick up- the Commor- eiiil Bank. ' "Tlic' burglars were, kowbver, unsuc- cessMjin/gptJiiigatthe cash,' The only valriablb that, lay .within their, reach was a, revolver, with wliick tko robbers decamped, no doub t chiigrihed at their abortive efforts. .. .. . 