York (From our own Correspondent.) We can hardly remember in past years such mild and cool weather as we are now enjoying in this month of February. This, however, is only the 12th, and we may therefore yet experience the usual excessive heat and bush-fires. Wheat is now coming in fast to the milb, and the corn-stacks generally are yielding a very fair average. Wheat is 6s, barley 5s per bushel. Sheep are in very good condition, as the runs, strange to say, appear not to be overstocked. Bush-fires have not done much damage this summer up to this time ? none I may say since Mr Blechynden lost in harvest-time about 15 acres of wheat and 13 of barley; and a man named Hinds, who lives near Mr Blechynden's at Beverley, also lost a few acres of wheat by the same bush-tire. The repairing and making of our district line of roads continue slowly and surely, and it is really gratifying to see that the authorities have listened to the very first clamour raised by the settlers on the right hank of the Avon. Preparations, I per ceive, are being made on the road from York to Beverley for some really permanent work. During last week the Depot Bridge was completed, and open for traffic, and now I imagine the bridge question is at an end, more especially since Mr S. S. Parker has built two little neat bridges over Bland's Brook, for one of which, by the way the Government rewarded him with the sum of £140. Complaints are daily being made of the constant robberies committed upon the York road. A complete eystein of iheiving is carried on there, and there must be a number of rascals who live by it. Sugar by the bag, bams and sides of bacon, and goods by the package, are stolen from drays. One dray last week lost JE10 worth of smoking tobacco. Not till murder after murder has been committed, shall we hear of any protection on the road in the shape of police. There ought to be a police-station at Horton's. his being the half-way-house between York and Guildford. It is no uncommon sight to see from 40 to 50 teams together at watering places and way side public houses, and many of the drays are laden with costly and valuable goods, but what is the protection afforded? Why none. Fifty men mustered together at one station — sawyers every five miles along the whole line of road — and not a policeman within 30 miles; so that every facility is afforded for carrying on a trade which many in this colony are so very, clever in conducting. February 15, 1862. t 