VICTORIA. We bave received Melbourne papers to the Krd. Marob. The Argue of 27th February says : Last night, though a considerable amount of time waa wasted over the first claim that carne under discussion, the Legislative Assembly made considerable progresa " in committee with the Crown Lands Sales Bill. Fifteen oíanse» were agreed to, substantially as piopoied by the Government. Thirty-nine rlauses of the bill (embracing; some of the most important provisions contained in tbe measure) have been adopted, one negatived, and (our postponed. In the latter the immigration clauses are included, a message from his Lxoellency with relation to the appropriation of money proposed by the claate» not having as yat been «ent to the Assembly. The annual grain show of the Port Phillip Farmen* Society ha« been held this year at an earlier period than usual, ia order that the Bamples might be sent to tbe Exhibition in London. The Argus saystbat tbe »how wai t he best yet held in Viotoria The sample that took the first prize weighed 69 lbs. 4 oís. to the bushel. It was grown at Gisborne, in black volcanic soil, after potatoes, yielding about 35 bushels to the aore Tb« Argue remarks :-'I he farmers here bave been often told by the millers and other petsonB interested in the condi- tion of the grain offered for »ale, that they allow their wheat to stand too long before outline? it, and tbe fsot of the wbea< whiob took the £50 prise Ia»t week having been oat wbile the_ grain was quite soft shows that nothing is io be gained in tbe quality of the grain by waiting tío long, and the quantity secnr.d is most cer- tainly not to be thus increased. Wheat out early ia always m no!) finer in the skin, and to this the judge» .aid tbe great weight of the prize sample was owing. As our readers are aware, it was grown by Mr. Tbompsun, of Gisborne, and was from the Tuscan wheat grown the year before by Mr. A. Patterson, at Wesurn Port, and selected for the second prixe at the Port Phillip Society's Show that year. There hâve been serious bush fires near Ballarat, Kyneton, and other localities. The Ballarat Star of the 26th says :-It is impossible to estimate at the pre- sent time the amount of damage done by (be recent bush fire« in Bullarook. Every day we hear new tale» of losses suffered by the cultivators ot »mall allotments, whose cops, houses, and fence» were destroyed, they themselves having barely lime to escape lrom the fiero» fire by which tbey were beset. In Borne instance», mea and women ran out with hardly any clothes on them, and remained withont covering or »belter for the whola night, the misery of their position being rendered »till greater by their knowledge that the labour of year» and their oulv moans of living were utterly destroyed. Several of the saw-mill proprietor» have lost a larg» quantity ol' timber which they had cut, and they will have to incur great expense in opening the roads, which are now blocked up by tho obarred remain« of trees «hioh fell across them.-Tho 7Mot Leader of the 21th sajs;-The bush fire st and «round Mount Greenock, of which we gave a »hi rt notice in our last issue, is still burning, and extending in the direction of Clunes and the Springs So far it has confined it» ope- rations lo Crown lands, but fear» are beginning to be entertained, should it not die ont before, that tbe farms in the neighbourhood of the springs will be ultimately in danger, borne mites of grass land have been des- troyed, which will prove most injurious io the dairymen in the district. We have asoertained that the fire owes its origin to pure accident. Mannt Greenock and neigh- bourhood now p esents a most blaokened and charted appearance in comparison with it« fertile and grassy as- pect of a week ago.-The following ii from the Star, of the 26th ¡-Our Brown Hill correspondent »end« us the following :-." The bushfire yesterday must bave m»de> f-reat bavoc among the settlers ; the particulars of th« oss of one of these I may relate. A young man, named Spilmon, who waB recently married, purohased a few acre» of land to settle upon in the neighbourhood of th« Springs. He built himself a oomforuble house, laid in a few months' supply of provision», intending to leave his wife comfortable lor a time, while be endeavonred to re- plenish his almost exhausted funds. He furnished th« boase, and finished the papering and tacking down of the carpet last Saturday night. He left his homo on Sunday morning with his wife to «pend the day with hi« friends at Brown Hil), leaving, through forgetlulness, hi« purse on tbe table, containing all the money ha had, with his watch. When they returned home ia the evening, all was destroyed. Ihe dog wa« burned on the chain, and . lamb and goat consumed in the atable. House, lurni ture, clothing, provisions, money, »11 bad gone. His horse wa« loose in the bush, and may be, for aught he know«, burned also " | In another column, says the Argus, we print the report of tbe commissioners appointed io inquire into " air cunistanco» conneoted with tbe «offerings and death of Robert O'Uara Btuke and William John Wills, the Vic- torian explorers," which was laid upon the table of the Assembly last night. The commissioners aro liberal in tbeir censares. Burke is blamed for dividing the ex- pedition at Menindie, for the appointment of Mr. Wright, for Dot having established a permanent depot at Cooper'« Creek, and for failing to keep a regular journal, or give written instructions to his officers. Wright's conduot appears to the commisa'oners "to bave been reprehen- sible in the highest degree." The I'xploratiou Com- mittee " committed errors of a «eriou» natur» ." »nd Mr. Brahe "may be deserving considerable oenaare," bnt the commissioners "areot opinion that a responsi- bility far beyond bis expectations devolved upon bim ; and although the oommistioner» consider his decBion to re tile from bis post most unfortunate," they " believe he sated from a conscientious desire to dis- charge bis duty," and " are coululant that the painful reflection" as to tim K-'jIt of the course he adopted " must be of itself agonizing ti ought without the additon of oensure be might feel himself un- deserving of." Finally, while tbey " deeply deplore the result of an expedition undertaken »t »o great a cost to the colony," they desire to express their admiration of th» gallantry and daring of tbe leader, " as well as of the) fidelity of bis brave coadjutor. Mr. Wills, »nd tbeir mora fortunate and enduring assooi-te Mr. King ," and they waul I record their " feelings of deep sympathy with th» deplorable nifFuiings and untimely deattt of Mr, Bark» and his fallen oumrades." A recent «cene io the City Counoil, during the coan« of whiob, it appears, blow« were threatened, is thus reported by the same journal : I The Town Clerk read the minutes of the preceding meeting, and on tbe question being put that they be confirmed, Coiiaoillor Goldsmith rose to order. H» protested .gainst the meeting being held, as it was illegal. He wonldjmove Tbe Mayor said it waa competent for any member to enter a protest, but Councillor Goldsmith was not in order at the present time. Councillor Goldsmith : I rise to protest. (Tbe Mayor was bore speaking to tbo town clerk.) Is tbe town clerk in tbe chair, or are you, Mr. Mayor? (Great uproar.) Councillor Story submitted that Councillor Goldtmith must give notice of motion, if he wished to protest. Councillor Goldsmith presumed Councillor Story did not know to what he referred. He wished to state the lubject of bia protest, and the oouncil might tben reject it. He bad written bis motion, so that tie »bonld not commit himself. The Mayor ruled that Councillor Goldsmith should give notice of hit protest Councillor Goldsmith (who wat much excited) said ha appeared as a member of tbat council. Was the tows olerk in the chair! Councillor Ctple called order, order. The connell paid tbe town clerk aa a professional map to advise ino mayor. It was the town clerk'« duty to ace tbat mam beis did not get ont of order-("No, no")-to see that the councillors did not make beasts of tbemaelvei (" Ob» oh,'' laughter and disturbance ) Cotinoillor Bayles moved that those word« be takes down. Councillor Oaple repeated tbe words, "Not to maka beast» of tbemteive» " (" Oh, oh ") He repeated them for the information of members. (To Councillor Bayles) -Was he going to make a beast of himself Î Councillor Bayles appealed to the chair whether Conn* cillor Opie was in order in saying members made beasts ot themselves? , Councillor Caple (with great emphasis)-Geese, peete -making geese of themselves. He did not use tbe vrord " beasts." Af'er »oma discussion between tbe two councillor«, Councillor Hayles rote to order. He matt request tbe mayor to call Councillor tapio to order. Councillor Caple told bim that if be said that be (Councillor Capia) uted the word beasts, it was a lie Conncillor Caple said tbnt Councillor Bayles having uttered an nntrutb, ia turned round to that gentleman und said it waa a lie. lie aaid " gesse" (laughter). (To Counciller Bayles)-if you're a beast I am not. Councillor Bay lea : There'« 1 -nguuge for a conncillor I I'' If yon're a beaat yourself I am not " Councillor Caple : 1 did say »o (great confusion). The Mayor: Thi» i» very improper oondocU Councillor Capia will, J nope, withdraw tb« word». OMUSUIOV (J*p1s i ( bare so ebjaslton té no »o, Mr He/or, so long w I am not aßorjtsd of saving »bat I did not «ay. After a moat noiiy scene, Councillor Story moved the adjournment of the oouocil foi one month. By that time councillors would know bow to behave themselves. They had far better adjourn than go on in the same manner as they did in other places-aa they did last week. Conncillor Caple moved that those words be taken down, ¿io., &o.; The proceeding» of the City Councillors nre, however, not without some kind of precedent in the Assembly ; for in a recent sitting in oom.nitteo, Mr. ttiLon Gray, who was arguing with warmth against Mr. O'shanassy, said of the bon. member, "I remember tbe time when be was a brawling demagogue, though ho is now the advocate of the squatters and the proteotor of the Upper House." Mr. O'shanassy at onoe rose, and oaimed the proteotion of the Chair, oomplaining that the member tor Rodney had addressed Ungusge to the committee which, if used outtide, would have induced bim " to apply the toe of his boot" to that member. We have received additional Melbourne papers to the 7th instant. On Friday, tho 28th February, when the news of the death of Prince Albert was received, says the Argus, business was suspended in Melbourne almost throughout the day-entirely so in the afternoon-as a mark of re- spect to the memory of the Prince Consort. At sun- rise, the varioui cburoh-bells tolled for an hour, and till sunset the flags, displayed from the publia offices and buildings, the shipping offioes, the shipping, Ac, were hoisted half-mast high. The performances at the theatres were suspended for the night On no similar occasion has the feeling of Borrow been more general and more sincere. The samo journal says:-We understand that Ciptain Brown, of tbe Thomas Blown, learned, while at I'ort Louis, that a French ship had been stopped on the high sea-) by an American armed ve-Bol, and put to the samo inoonvenienoe as the Trent ; and that being unarmod, was, like tbe Trent, obliged to submit to delay and search . ' . On tbe 27th Feb. a meeting was held at Marshall's Hotel, at whioh an association oalled the Melbourne Rowing Club was established. The soxroity of water boginB to be seriously felt in the mining and rural districts. At Ballarat, remarks the Tribune of the 28th ..-" Several of our larges', mining companies have boen compelió i either to ooaso working, or to use only a portion ol' their machinery, in eonsequenoe of the scarcity of water. His estimated that a decrease of 20 per cent, will be found in the escort retnrn of the month, unless a change of weather shortly takes place." In other localities th« same oom plaint is made. The dams and water-holes ure nlmott dry, and many of the stamping-mills are forced to use water muoh like mud inconsistency We trust rain will soon fall In the agricultural and pastoral districts the same ootnplamt is made, the journals of the Western DiBtnot, indeed, report that the flocks aro suffering severely from want ot feed and water, tho grass being dried np-in many oases scorched and burned The Argue reports that, on the 3rd, a preliminary meeting was held, m the Criterion Hotel, tor tbe pur- pose of considering the propriety of forming a company to baild a certain number of steam-vessels of large size and great power, with a view to the carriage of the mails monthly between England and Victoria, via the Cipe ot Good Hope, under a system » bich would at the same time greatly further immigration, and the interests of the colony generally Mr. Mol ison was cilled to tbe chair, and Mr Burstall at some length explained in detail the nature and merits ot the soborno ibe prospectus pro- poses that the capital should be £.2,00 1,000, In £20 share», 85,000 of wbioh should be placed in the EngliBb rnarkot. Six »teamers are calculated on as necessary, each to be of 7000 or 8100 tons burthen, and IO0O horse power. The fares would range from £t)0 to £70 first elaas, to £10 and £ 12 tonrth olass A favourable calcu- lation was «bown, in which only £4000 a trip was reli d upon foroirnageot mails, and a dopu atna was appoint ed to watton the Government on thesubject, and report to a future meeting. From Mr Burstall s explanation of the views of the proj-otora, it appears that they calcu- late they could bringont Government immigrants at£iO to £12, and they proposed to carry 350 »uch immigrants, in order to comp nnate tor the advantages given by the Government to them Ia one of the conntry papers (says tbe Argue) we find it slated that the farmers of a certain diatnot have made their calculations, now ibat the harvest is in, and find that they will be losers to the extent ot 4s. fid on every aore they have tilled. The argument f oni this ia, that there will be little demand for land, even when the land question is settled However that may be, it is certain that many of those farmers who have under- taken to pay high rents are either unable or unwilling to oontinue doing so any longer, for seizures by the sheriff's officers are becoming quite common, and the names of farmers now appear much more frequently than they used in tbe insolvent list borne landlords are voluntarily making great reductions, and many of those who do not will have their farms thrown up by the tenants without capital, for with prêtent prices such men oannot pos-ibly pay now as rsuoh for their holdings as tbey could five or aix years ago Tbe Herald of the 7th says t omplaints of a want ot rain eon mue But there is nothing to justify our .peaking of it as a season of drought It is, in fact, only on the goldfields distrnts that it is so spoken ot And the desire of aatistauoo from the Government to procure a steady and constant supply ot water lor washing pur- poses all the year rourd lies at tbe foundation ot thiB But it is not easy to see why the minors should be any more oared for than the tatmors If ihe former want water for their washdirt, »o do the latter for their stock, or for irr ganoo purposes A few day»' rain, however, would now do good It would not only help forward ihe early ploughing and early seed time, but be of great benefit to the garden*/'_ 