TUESDAY, JANUARY U, 1862. That part of tho Ministerial Laud Bill wliioh relates to the Rain (if lands bj a-jotion, does not rcquiru euoh oarcful PXiitriiiialiori ns tho preceding divioiou of the sanie part which treats of sale by selection. Tho subject is both ICFS ex- tensive and less novel. All linds which aro not reserved fur selection are to be sold by auction, and the auution ÎB to bo coiidaeted in tho oustomary rntttisner. Tlicro are to bo t*io usual Bales within each quarter, and tho usual notice ia to be eivoD : the usual offioeristo act as auc tionrer, saved from the ft or of any.pouul- I ties for not; having a regular nuotioueer'a liccuco; and there aro the us-ual cmidi «ions of sale as to deposit and payment.. In ono respect, iadeed, there h.ia beon till alteration. Lands aro to bo sold io fee-simpio oui j, and all rcfiTPiíca to " losa estates" is omitted, ATDÍCII,under tho prcEent not, when taken iii con- nexion with tbo power to proclaim spe- cial lands, placed in the hands of the Government of the day so alarming o power. The nest section is remarkable. It provides that where lands tbat bare baca put up to auction remain unsold, the upset price may bo continually re- duced until a purchaser is found. As in the case of land open /or sélection, if no purchaser can he found by that raodo of sale, provision is made for try- ing a different modo, HO, in the case of land for which the upset price has been provtd to be too high., that impediment to its palo will be effeotually removed. The following sections ro enaot, with Bornn merely verbal alterations, tbo provisions of tho present Lind Act respiting tho closing of unncooisary roads au A tho purchase at a valuation of detached strips of land. The quantity of land which may he thus sold id limited by this hill to five acres. No suoh limita- tion ia fourni iß tho prep-en t- act. A. general authority is also reserved to [ho Governor to withdraw from sale any land as being auriferous or mineral, or :.s having a water frotilngp, or ¡IB bant; in other respecti improper to be poid c-ithf-r atalloratthatpariioular lime. Underthc present not no auriferous or mineral laud, and no water frontairpB, cauinauy ciicj in- stances besold,and.iiffioultqu<>B'i'>riiibave arisen respecting tho withdrawal from sale of laDds than had been publi-ly an- nounced as about to ho sold. It is obviously desirablo that the G'-vernor should poasoss this power; while the restrictions have frequently produoed ¡»c-rtous inounycnieDces, aLdeonsfquenilv oalh'd for revision. The present seotion rcems well fraraod to meet bi.*h phjeora. Id places the dosired power beyond dis- pute ; and whilo it does nor. prohibit the sale of any laud?, it iotiniafes; with suilioicnt distinotoesafor the direotion of the Executive, the kind of cases in whioh that power should he exercised, and the classes of lands io the auVnation of whioh. great circum:ppctioii is re- quired. The third part of Hie bill relates to luasts and lic-'Lcrsfor other than agricul- tural or pastoral purposes. Tho first FCC tion of this part, well dotefpes att*-ntiou. It empowers (be Governor to grant lea3°3 for tho encDurigoracni of novel induE trial enterprises. "When any'prr3on " debites to make vineyard« or olive " yards, or mulberry or hop plantatiors, " or permanently to establish iu Victoria " any useful plant or industrial cnt»r " prise or procès?, which was previously " unknown, or not peuerally known and " used therein," the Governor, after duo notice of his intention, may granb a lease of IRLJS not exceeding thirty neies, for a terni nob exceeding thirty years. Not more than ono hundred of such -leases arc to bo issued io any one year, aud their conditions must, be laid before Parliament. In this cine, and ia all other lews, the Governor in Council lies full powr to settle the oovenanls and conditions, aud to fix the amouet of rent, and the Iraso is to be forfeited upon f liluro of the lessee or his asoiiins ti U'-o tho land, lona fide, for the purposes for which it wai de- mised. We think that tho principle of this Ecetion is highly praiseworthy, although wo f'tir that the very lignro'us res trio tin;, s with which the Lvour is at- tended are likely to impair its ttTeois. Thirty aeies aro but a small grunt, and thirty years is not A loiig terca for such purposes as those indicated. Nor is there any provision for the intrcduotion of auyne-' aniraitl,although so ranch may still ho expected in this way towards th« itiorcdse of our nationo-J. wealth. But although less has Leen doua in tho section than ought to l.ave been done, we gladly rccognizo the principio it con- tains. This, ¡¡o far as it gore, 13 the true protection lo industry Lot the enterpribing projeotor find no impedi- ments to the tri-il of his plans amongst us. Let bim receive every encourage- ment to undertake a business which, if successful, will la'g^ly benefit the com- munity, and which, if it foil, will not involve it in any loss. Ilis plan will then bo tried under f.ivourablo condi- tion?, and its failu.ro or iff, success will bo determined by its own merits, and its suitability to our circumstances. Wo Lava no ocoasion to squander our money in bounties upon production. If wo give th& proper facilities to pro- jectors for a fair start, tho natural pro- fits of the enterprise, if it. bo reilly one which wo ought to wish to seo perma- nently fixed among its, will furnish a far moro powerful stimulant, to its de- velopment than any bounty wo could pay. Tlio section relating to mining lenses in the present aot is rc-tuactcd, and provision is made for the granting of leakes for a muititudo of minor pur- poses. ThcHO minor leases are re- stricted, except in the casa of loases for guano and other manure e, to three acres, fur a term of seven years, at.aientof not legs than live pounds. The prin- cipal purposes for which these louses arc intended aro tho removal of guano or other manure, or stone, or earth ; tho sites of various tradesmen's houses in thinly populated dibtriots ; of baihing housep, ferric«, tanneries, f.iotoriip, paper or saw mills, quays, landing places, and plnoTB for depositing ma- terials' tho workirg of mineral springs, sitpa for bhip and boat building, and for the manuf.icture of r»al\ Where several applications for leases of the same land aro made, tho person who, in the judgement of the Board of Land and Works, has discovered tho metal or mineral in the locality, or who lias first introduced oommcrcially tho plant or enterprise, is to hnvo the priority ; iii all other cs'cs tho rule of " first como first "served" will be folio ted, and in doubt- ful cist s tho lot will decide. lu ad- dition to theso lenses, the Governor is emp'iivcred to issup licences for a period not exceeding one year, to enter upou Grown lands not under ]<s>se. Theso licences may bo issued for any of tht 'T'urposcB for which tbo miDor leases whioh we hairo just described may be granted, and for r-cveral other pur- poses of the same character. Thcte latter purposes arc to search for minerals, except gold, to- construed or repair drains or reservoir?, to remove limber, shell, seaweed, stone, or earth, to occupy sites for fishermen's residences and dry- ing grounds, and for fcllmoDgcr'tDg esta- blishments, slaughter-houses, and kilns, to oreot pumps, and to collect ballast. A power is reserved to the Governor to prohibit by proclamation the exercise nf aoy right oonferred by any licence upon any knds upeciíied in the procla- mation. The other sections of this part of I ho bill merely re-enact the provisions of the present, act, p.s to tho reservuniou of water casements upon purcha->ed land, and entry for the purpose of uhir.g such easrinenfs under ihe licence of the Board of Land and Works, and as to the mode of ascertaining tho compsHí-ation "due to tho owner. The proposal in the City Council, yesterday, to memorialize IIKR MAJESTY ¡ to bestow upon the chief magistrate of I Melbourne the title of Lord Major, is particularly mistimed. Ia its present uninformed condition, the corporation, hy solicitipg honours, osly.intitcs ridi- cule. The dignity f»r which it petitions would only be burlesqued. Any addi- tional distinction conferred upon the chairman of the City Council would servo to render moro conspicuous the social insignificance of the mtn it gene- rally selects to preside over iis dis- orderly deliberations. To be addressed «is "My lord" by every drunken street brawler,- or dissolute "Mary " Ann," «ho is calle'« upon to appear at. IhePolioc Court, would no doubt tickle the ears of the adjudicating Mida-; but the ludicrous disparity between the titlo and ita wearer would be so palpable as to overthrow tho gravity even of the police. Tho Mock Duke in tho " Honeymoon" oould not wear his dignity more awk- wardly than would some of the ex-pub lioans whom it is proposed to ennoble fora jear, and to elevate toan equality of rank with the le rd mayors of Lot djn, Dublin, &nd; York. We can imagine one of our civic functionaries apin# the im- pôt tatwo of that pseudo- patrician, ned imitating his decbioc's ; and wo can also imsgtne how rapidly the coveted rifle would be brought into oontompt by those upon whom it would sit so grotesquely. When the Melbourne Corporation really represents tho city it misgovcrrn j when the members of the cuir, eil filer a fair refl'ction of tho in te! li «en co and respectability of the community ; when their discun&ioria; aro conducted with temper find dignity, and tho public-house br.r ceases to bo a step- ping- stone to the mayoral-chair, it will be time enough to memorialize HER. MAJESTY to bestow upon the chief ma- gistrate of Melbourne an hoHour which may be duo to tho importance of the city, but would bo singularly min-placed and premature if conferred at the pre- sent tim?. HER MAJESTY, as the foun- tain of honour, would be naturally careful to prevent that honour from flowing into dirty channels, and a little inquiry would probably con- vince her or bor advisers, that in conceding the distinction which Mr. Alderman SMITH would have the cor pt ration ask for, the would' bo paying no compliment to the capital rf Vic torii, and would ho bringing di-credit upon the lord mayors of .the British cities named above. If the members of the City Council are really desirous of honour, and thirst- ing for an opportunity of presenting a respectable figure to the world, lot them apply themselves lo the task of reform- ing the constitution of the body to which they belong. Lot them make (his tbeir first caro, and leave the question of titu- lar dignities in abeyance, until they have brought tho corporation in harmony with the citizens, and rendered it a really representative body. When a seat at tlie oounoil-table becomes an honour, attitinable by honourable means, honour- able men will aspire to it. To pre- side over the deliberations of a bndy so ' constituted will bo au object of legitimate ambition and an attestation cf sooial eminence. Those who are elected to such.a position wiil ho then qualified to assume the title of ' lord mayor, without derogating from tho dignity it, implies, or bringing them selvesand their office into contempt. But, in the meanwhile, no ono will pre- tend to say that a lord mayor of Mel- bourne, under the present system, would be other than a litlioulous sham, like CHRISTOPHER SLY in his ducal robes, or SANCHO PANZA in Bara- taria. No amounb of gold leaf or of Dutch m'ttal would conceal the baso metal underneath, atid the titlo would have the effect of causing the wearer's incapacity to become still.morc manifest. After the rebuff experienced by Mr. JoriN TnoiíAS SiMiTfi, when ho presented hirnt-df as a candidate for knighthood in England, we do not think he hos shown much disorc-tiori^in again coming forward to moot the question of memorializing the QUEEN to aggrandize tho Bty lo and titlo of the mayors of Melbourne. ' By the courtesy of the manager of the Bank of Australasia, wo loam that the following tclc srara was received yesterday by the hank from the head offico ia London :-" London, 2nd Dee., 1861.-Probability of war with Federal States of America. War premium of insurance. Vessels already tniled from Aus'ralia, ono per cení, ; tf> sail before Slst December, tffppor cent." This important telegram, it will bo observed, was Bent off EÍx days after tho despatoh of tho mail, whioh it overlook at'Alexandria. Tho Oily Council sat for nearly five hours yes- terday, and several important - qucsliuiin ivere brought forward. An address wns presented to King, the explorer, who attende 1 in person to rceeivo it. The council chatnbor was crowded, and the surviving explorer experienced a most enthusiastic recaption. An address to Sir Red- mond Barry, tho netv representative of Victoria at the Great Exhibition of 1862, ivas also adopted, but not presented. The matter of tho prosecu- tion of the late city treasurer was next brought forward, and definitely abandoned, not boforo a charge of "per.sBOUting," instead of "prosecut- ing," had been »VouTht Against those concerned in acting against Mr. Farewell. The two most i interesting subjects dirourbed were-ono brought forward by Alderman Smith, praying (ho Queou to make tho mayor of Melbourne n lord mayor j and tho other by Councillor Jones, providing that tho mayor and aldermen should bo elected by the general body of lha ratepayers. The former, after an animated discussion, was put and lost by a large majority, while the principio sought to bo established by Councillor Jones was in the main nsreed to, the final resolution giving prac- tical effect to th,e decision of tho council being oddly enough allowed to fall through. The pro- ceedings altogether, especially towards the clono of the sitting, were of a conveisalional and discursive character-so much so, that us three or, four councillors woro always speskinü at once, tho words used only rarely reached tho re- porters. The Russian fiigato Swetlana was visitctl yes- terday by a number of the townspeople, uolwith i standing tho heat of tho weather, while the I "liberty men" drow crowds after tbi«m as theyt in their turn indulged themselves with viewing the principal lions of tho capital of Victoria. Wo learn that after to-day (TueMdny) Captain Bouta koff will bo unable to receive visitors, as prepara- tions for sea will bo begun on Wednesday, and the ship will proceed lo soa towards tho ead of the woek. lier destination in Orons'adt. Yesterday was tim hottest day of the season yot experienced, though there wero iudicatioon last night that to day may give us still warmer weather. The heat reached its maximum at three o'clock p.m., when tho temperature in tho ehado reached lOSdeg., ned in tho sun 132deg. Otr-ir. The wind, which was like a Hast from a furnace, was from N.E., JV., »nd N. W. About six o'clock it fell calm, and about seven o'clock p.m. a slight brec-o sprang up from the south- west, but lusted only for about a quarter, of an hour, when it cetlled into tho north-eat-t. A gentle full of rain for a few minutes then look place, accompanied and followed by thunder and lightning. Wo regrctto leam ilia'- at Rutherglen on tho 10th, a tenifio dust-alarm toole place, in which the Presbyterian chapul and r. number of other buildings of a public character were thrown to the ground, end almost every house and tent in Rti'hcrglon and Whagunyah moro or lesn injured. At Tarawingee, on the 32 li, tho great bush- fires raging there had enveloped eleven farms, destroying the houses and crops. At Inglewood the weather has been nlrno'ît unbearable. The mining registrar reports that in the camp lhere, in tho shado, and with ii light S lu. breeze, tho thermometer, at 1 p ni. on tho 9th inst,, stood at 107deg , and at 3 pm. at 111 deg. On the 10 li, under similar circumstances, tho theimomcler recorded as follows : 10 a m., 107dcg. ; noon, llGdeg. ; 1 p m , 112 leg. ; 2 p.m , llOtleg. Oa 'he 11th, nt noon,84ileg. ; and at 1 p.m., 88deg. ; Between noon and luilf^past 10 p.m , on the 10th, the mercury in the thcrmoa.e'.er fell from JlOdetr. to 76dop. lmin. 1 The Geelong AUicrliser of yesterday BÍJS: - " Acclhsr lighter was last evening cut off from the tireck of the Empra-s cf the Sea, and pro- ceeded up to Melbourne. The estimated value of goods saved up to dato is about £12,000. There is still a large amount of woo', tallow, and oil.on board." Tho Bañares passed the LTeads at seven o'clock yesterday morning. The last of a sericB of prayer-meetings in con- nexion with the Evangelical Alliance of Victoria wcio hold last cveniugat the Mechanics' Instituto, and at the Rev, A. M, Ramsay's chapel, Collins street. At tho former place iho light, rev. the Bishop took the chair, tho roluious services being conducted Ly the rev. tho Dean of Melbourne, Mr. Marcus, Mr. Townsend, the Rev. 51. Goethe, tho Rev. Llojd Chase, Mr. Beecher, acd Mr. Mouritz. The services «ero concluded by an t-x liortatory address from tho Bishop of Melbourne, in which reference was made to the progress and prospects of tho alliance. At tho Rev. A M. Rimsay'ii chapel, the chair ivas occupied by the Rev. James Toylor, mid tho meeting WCB ad- dressed by Mr. Lemon, Mr. Webber, and the Rii'B. A. M. Ramsay and J. Taylor. There was a good attendance at both places, considering the extreme heat of the weather. From Perth, Western Australia, wo h aro the Journale to tho 25th ult. The Inquirer of the 11th ult. states that an expedition was about tea start for Nickel B ty, to fish for pearls. From Hong ICons; our latest tiles aro to 14th November last, from Eombay to the 12th, and Mad-as to the 14.li December, and from Colombo to tho 17th December. lu Victoria, the excitement of tho public on great occasions seems to partako very rauch of the ppculiaiitic'S of certain wines-extremely effervescent for a moment, and then as flat as water. The laBt instances in point «re the proposed monuments to Burke and Wills in thosa localities vv boto the heroes wero best known. Dallnrat, especially, was resolved, boyond all J denial, lo linvo her own monument to her own . boro-poor Wills-and already the scheme is all but dead. Tho Star of yesterday locords, in tho folloains manner, tho last inocting hold on the subject:-"It was called for eight o'olock p. m., but, at a cmarter to nino o'clock, only somo thirty persona wera present. Mr. Dyto, tho chairman of tho Eastern Council, occupied tho chair, and baid that ihe moe'ing was an adjourned ono. Ho regretted to soo tho small attendance,-as tho subject wts an important one, especially as tho late Mr. Wills wa3 a townsman. Ho thought that tho men who explored tho unknown parts of Australia ouclit lo havo their memory 'per- petuated. Without paying any more, ho would call on Mr. Humffray to movo tho first resolu- tion. Mr. Humffray roso to address tho moot- ing, but the alarm of fire was given by the Eastern firo-bell, nnd tho persons present rapidly dispersed, tho chairrrnn beintr tho fir-it to show tho waj-. Thus ended tho second attempt to get up a monument to the Australian ex- plorers." A littlo less of noisy demonstration, and a littlo moro honest labour, after tho manner of England, in all matters, will hatter oommend its " at homo," and prevent failures so discreditable R8 this. At the meetirg of the Municipal Counoil of Prahran, held last evening, a report of the I'inanco Committea was "read, " stating tho gross amount of rates for Hie years 18DG' to 18(U was £23 054, and that tho actual amount collected was £23,130, leaving arrears, for tho fifth year, to tho amount of £518 Us 'Id. Tho report also stated that the balance in favour of tho Council at the close of the municipal year, 'on tho 20th proximo, would, if no further liabili- ' lies wero incurred, bo upiards of £950, allowing' for tim amount payablo to tho gas company to tho end of the present year. A meeting to consider tho now Land Bill wns advertised to be held la«t night at the Mechanics' Ins itute, Prahran. Tho attendance was very slanty, and after waiting a considerable time, as there was no appearance of tho commeucomant of procerdirgs, our reporter left. A field battery of Armstrong guns, twelve ponndcro, with ammunition, has arrived by the ship Lord Ruglan, from London. On Thursday morning last, nt ono o'clock, three bajstacks, belonging to 8. Beardmore, Melon, wero iet on fire, nnd totally des royed. There is little doubt it was done wilfully. The Io«s is estimated at £300 A range of stabling adjoining the stackyard wai saved with great difficulty, and, bad the wind blown strong at the , time, thoy must bavo been destroyed, together with the horses, &e.; The property is uninsured, and no cluo bas been obtained ni to tho depre- dator. The annual meeting of tho subscribers to Hie funds of 'he Female Refuge, which was to have been held last evening in tho hall of the Me dinnies' Institute, iras postponed until Monday evening next. » A supplement to tho Oazclle of Friday lost, isnucd yesterday, contains a list of pastoral tenants of the Crown, with tbo sums payable for tho runs held by them. U Is ?..'." ¡*7T "Ihat tho depasturing Hreno.., forij.!,, year can bo obtained at tho Tna-uii, J'i'io"" on or before the 31et day of Varch'Eí»,. "* payment of the prescribed fees,'.' " '* "W Speaking of tho approachiur. ',.,,,.., ,, J»mmcro//Jc//ajíaajs:-.''Thnfc.rt¡.!.3,n¡.';,ll!| vest does not appear to bo anery proMi-,ñií « tho ravages committed by tho ii ¡rou t,-,-,, . ' early portion of the j ear being n^rÄvlr,,!"1/1* blight which will seriously diminuí, the X,J\ grain. The blighted hoads have the «-,."... of the threshed straw, aid where ths,' 'p '""* tain any wheat the p-uin is small, thrive ""j' ill-coloured. Tho crop in thi.i dùlrict'»ii!Ï, far short of a« average one'." .At a meeting of tho Council o? the \U\U University, held yesterday, -tim ir,.' J?' Macadam, M.L.A., was nppaiuíed 1«?,'," . theoretical and practical chemhtry e0 >),[ . " sity. Wo understand that ii U ¿he ¿.."S Dr. Macadam to «sign several ef (be v- . honorary appoictmonts at present held 11 v""3 The committeo of tho Viclorl.i .Tut'-.-s/n't met last evening, and drew upa p,,-,r. three days' racing, to lake pic.« fl" fyl'm"?* ton Oourso on the 20th, 2lst st i "?>, i »T1" ary. .."ith* Tho All-England Eleven mil .,,,;," , Spencer-street Station from the coc^ri. b , eight o'clock train this morning, f It is tho intention of l,ho Cr, on,.,] ,, j - tho ensuing grand cricket m. ¡ch li..., (.J*!? All England Eleven, and tim iÜ.vo.i 0f » South Wnles and Victoria, to î-a».u«j> i. ;.;l (1-tiAÍ on tho Government lines of niii.-",y ,,¡1 , of a tingle fare. ' - l> Themen lucent and Burrow, i .m ,i ,'.i »"_ the Ci.y Court on the charge- ef sr.i.i.P "j^ man digger, named Georjris. cut (f ti,. \\.¿wa a quantity of gold, by means of i. falsec'ienr! were finally brought up yesti.Td.ty i.td «sirÂi for trial. A little girl, nix yoara of og-, ¡.m.e.i i[,]| a. daughter of a grocer in Cd !;._[,-.,,.,,,, had'bcr leg broken yeslcrdny, while plaji».,. ¡I t¡,"c J|f, attached to her father's <li.j.¡_,.. Ti,, .".¡j,', happened by a shutter fallir.; ,,pon ¡ler_ ^ was taken to the Melbourne! ilcspi...!. A (.ontletnan a day or two nineo fcj'ii ¡n j¿, garden near Melbourne a bo.l;- of ¡i-vt-i.t 'tbiera appropriating hil fruit. Kot s!tri , ."ajh j, take two of them,, wilora lu- »pepnl ...for«« magistrate, ho, as tvo think v.,s-_.lv r,u] n ? rcifrj, cut ull the hair off their hcx.Ji, and l5f ihemit liberty to explain to their fri-..nli i-J.it ¡md lap. poned to them. At a meeting of Freneli «itUcn», .nsNJaj i[ was resolved to form n rontufel assistii.c. SOH.|, for ihe benefit of their ii,M_c-ut er suSeij oounlrymen in Victoria. Toa n.or rvnt ti, taken place tinder Iho ans¡ Ices of tip pren^ consul, and the following ctuíimiite-T lias ben appointed for the liinnatrcm' nt of t'"> b.-sinesiol the society:-JIM, A. Truv, vlce-a,:,-.!, praj, dont; A. Do Djllon, Hint ,"rn, Iiir-ióiidan. 8\. Denis, Bourke street ea« ; IVtit :.. 1, riindai lauo; Pelletier, 2l¡ Market street. The monthly mooting of Ibu ./..-ihjiiii.o Prow Rifles will bo held this cvenin :, st e^'-.to'eM at tho Eagle Hotül, S-rauhiov-lr. it. There will bo on insp"o'i,iii of .-tT«i of tea Prahran and South Yarra Bille ». io w10 JO» ing, at parade. Two young boyt, mimed IITI-J liiilcvuj John Thomas Cochiane, w.'ro eui ¡CK1, at til City Court, yc&tcrday;, of rfi,!ir"M\ lottleiil porter and a box of vermicelli, ii ''i. . t's.cre« Messrs. Bright Brothers, in Plied r--!ane, cn Sunday afternoon last. Ti.e juim !e thiers. effeoted their entrence through f L. J', I pinsal glw3, They wore cent le I'rul.it .je for ti« months. Tho annual meeting of the P..il m tndSotiti Yarra Binevolent Society ivis bc'l I. ? cieráj, in the Town Clork's office, :iï t'.i 'L'on-U, Prahran. Bight omine gf "tit -viv ',. "? pre-set, aud Mr. Wiseiwonld, chaiinni o! l1 i muru pality, presided. Frrmth- fcuilu -1 ima!rtpat, which was hiottght up by (he ht«. 'rc-ietarj,JI¡, Cresswell, we gather that tluro lum I -cn a di. crease in the ¡nooma of the eo.'.ch irennßrl 8'. 7d. in 18C0, to 12427«. 2J. in if ' I Notwi* standing the falline off in t'teir fusil-,, thocoa mittce had bconaolo to reiievc 11' 11 »tofurieil distress. Thirty-five familt". lit d ne ired Ü, and £217 3s. 4d. had been opend- 1 'iiiffcrdii{ it. Somo of tho incipient? had Inn kept ot tho books of tho society diiiir.,' ¡''O *«*. year. Tho society Lad loit surto vilf able members of ils coimmtiee, bil' lud to rived great advantages fioui the very satii factory woiktng of the Ladies' Co'.'iuillco,ti nhoce good management th-y sittri'j ii=ej rxiaintj their hitherto successful exe. ticas. .N i snbscrij. tions had been received last jeir in "shape«1 collections at the various el ¿cite-, i circuit stance to which the commiM. .. n'ti 1. ici a a» I Miierable part of their raonot.-.tj i'cV ney. (li the motion of Mr. Mason, sccomli.'t'! tLoBst W, Moss, the report was adopte J, i.td ordered to bo printed for circulalinu. Tl.r ticot.d reso- lution, which was proposed l.y Mr. Mu Jj-, ali seconded by Mr. Cresswell, w,;s to lliecfr.ctlhil tho nfiliTS of the »oaicty nhmild lia-ijaforlht* handed over to the management of the nadia1 Committee, to consist of th..« 'VHoeirj* ladies: Mesdames Bell, Billyt-ld, Cr'.ivin, CrcsgwcD, Mos», Fitzgibbon, Drewitt, William«'«!, Goodm, Haigh, Ogilvy, Stckes, Jonc«, Wright, ltd Williams, with pov/er to add to t! <¡r mimbi., Tho roEolution wa* carried tiu.initnoailv. Anti of thank-, was passed to the ladici uf tho com mittec, for the zeal andern rt-i di=.p'\v;it by tita in tho poiformance of tbe-ir ditti'". ditr'n» tit last year ; and a voto of thnoks to ti c cluirmn closed tho proceeding. Tho annual meeting of the mont'cn of til Victorian Gardeners' Mutual Iro| reiemmt &. oiely was held last evening, at tho Mcrrianics'hr stttution ¡s the'president, Mr. John Mitchell, the chair. Tho secretary rend the sor inri annuil report, by which it appeared that ti,o fundí tí the society were in it uourlshii-..- condition, the« being a larger balance in hand at tl>o'pra»J| timo than there was at tho cMmponeltogpeii»»1 of the last year; and Hu: nti'Tihir of til members had increased to 13é¡ It lien mönlione. that tho flower show on the ïlilh Oitoberrt 'very successful in a financial point-of vie». II was staled that Mr. Adamson hal offered « prize for tho best and most valuable way« horticulture; and also that Mr. .T.tint-i FtrgnW bad offered one for the best rpstimcn i dried grapes. Mr. Mezan gnve nolici that be would, at tho next meeting, road una suggestions rospeoiina tho grape tuildew-if causes and cure, kc. ; and a ipetabcr pt» mised, at tho sanio time, to show toms rata»" fcopical preparations of this parasitical fungm Some corresponding and some locil membetl were elected, and tho office-bearers for tho cut1 rent year wore appointod. Mr. D. S. CsmpW was elected president; and tho than«" ".'*? meeting wcro voted by acclamation to the prüf dent of the two past years, Mr. Mitchell, for Ö valuable sorviccs to the sneie'y; «ml a prop«5, lion to accompany tito saino by a testimonial in» moro substantial form was cordially eptirored i by all prosent, but deferred, in cone.quote.« sevoral members having left tho reoni tt u earlier hour. Tho annual meeting of the Melbourne brace i of the Wealeyan Methodist Mtmiouaiy Society« ' Australasia was held in Wesley Cliurch, bo"* dalestreot, last night. A report of tl-o opcrf tions of the society during the puff )w "J road, and tho missionsry cause »at »dtoeittt"7 several rev. gonllrmcn, w lioso spefrfm PT* pally referred to the Fiji Island«, the FiientHj Islands, and other groups in the South Foo» Archipelago. Alargo portion of the native'» thoso islands, it wan stated, have been conttrW by tho preaching of the gospel, though 1»^;"!" great necessity for the operations of ChristianitJ and civilization. Tho claims of roi»1* with special référença to this part <* globo were onrncHly ad/ocated, nud the YVesleyan Methodist« of Victoria were urged tooTOtribivo inoro liberally in aid of their Mis- sionary Siioiety, or Ihoy would' soon compare unfavourably both with their brethren in Nt-ty South Wates ai'd whit tbn iöav.rto in the Fiji and Friendly Iiland«. The Governor of Viejona occupied tho chair, and slated that ho fully ( sympathised with the missionary efforts of all Christian denominations. His Excellency eulo- gised the zeal which tho Wesdeyun Methodists had displayed in tho causo-a zeal which ho hoped would stimulate tho members of his own church, th3 Ohuvoh. of England, to greater ' exertions in good w'orkB of a like character. The collection made during tho meet- ing and after tho anniversary sormons preached on Bimd&y; amounted in the aggiegatoto about £01. Several vagrants, all women, were brought before the City Bench yesterday. The locality in which they were arrested is a right-of way, Isnown 03 iVri:rhl'.-i-Iaiie, situated between Little Biurke street and Lonsdalc-J'lrect. There was nothing of a special character in tho evi- dence brou., lit forward against tho prisoners, though it wan doubtful whether the mhlress uf tho house, a woman named Alioo Jones, had not, some little time back engaged a rcspeetablo girl at one of the labour mart«, for a nefarioui pur- pose. Jones was roiiianded ; tho other prisoners, one of whom was her dauglitsr, and quite a young girl, were cautioned and dis-chargcd. During Sunday night ¡ant n, servant-wonian, named Hannah Snow, in tho employment of Lieutenant P.tyne, Williamstown, met willi on accident, whioh, wo rexrefc to say, its likely to prove fatal. It ecemi that during the absence of Mr. anil ?.'«. Prtyno sho had fallen asleep close to a lighted candle, and her dress becoming ignited sho was dreadfully burnt, No hopes aro hold O'tt of her recovery, Tho chilJren, who were in an adjacent room, foitumttê.y esc.ipcil, principally through tho exer- tion» of t=vo neighbours, 'Jessra, Kiah and Donn, who, on diecoveiing the uro, rendered every as- sistance. Tho first aunivtrfsry of Coutt Star of tho Forest, cf the ancient order of Foresters, was celebrated lust cvci'Inst by a banquet at Hard ham's Star n'id Carter tlotcl, Richmond. About fifty penllcmen were present. Tho room was picliity decorated with eve greens, and tho officers of the tua riet appeared in full regalia. The c-ba-r was occupied by tho Past Chief Rxnrjer, Brother L? Plastrinr, and who was Buppattcti by the Hon. W. Hull. The usual toasts eiven on such occasions were duly honoured, aft:r which Bon«:n followed. Altogether a mo»t pleasant cicn-»g ita«; spei.t, am! the Ont anni- versary meeting of tho couit may ho pronounced a JUMOS s. At tho last moment, n, iiopvj arisen <liat the »gricultui'd of V.ctotia vill ye.t bo roprt-frcntcd in the forthcoming Eibilrtion in London. The JDclfirst Gaztttc SRji:-rtA splendid sample of Port Fairy wltea', tihiuh w.Tl bo forw- rded to tho Great Exhibition at London, is nowon view. It was grown by Mr. D. K'Lnws, of koroit," It is .doubly satiiiactory that this saiaplo comeR fiom the Western Distiiot, as tho nvido district of ?which Portland claims to bo th« capitul has nil but ignmrtd the Royal Comnrissioners in tbo matter -of the Exbíl ition. A dramatic sketch, entitled tho " Sculptor -of Florence," wan produced lait night at th* Tlioatvo Royal. Tho story is simple, Cal! of int/.-reit, and well idhi. It lo *FO neatly «onstruoted, indeed, and io eiegautfy narrated, m to bo quito a {¡eui in its-way. Tho sceno is laid in the litrtäscan Athons, during ?<5ichael Angelu's Tis-it to that city, and bhortly after iho death of Ra- ff.ielle. Buonarotti himself it intrroduaod upon the stago, and the dramatist exbibitt: to us a jotiug sculutnr, ' swayed by two strong pussions-lovo fur ti high- born lady and enlhusia-im for his dirine art. Tho lady is t'.a model eli Lia masteipieee, which ho'ha8 executed in secret, and whicháio shivera to atoms when ho finde that the rovtla'ion -of hie skill as a cctilptor will compromise tho repu- tation of tho noSlo lady who has inspired his genius. But the sacrifice, madu in a rash mo- ment, is too great. The blow which destroys his creation proves fatal to himself, and ho dies at the very moment when tho famo ho has slrivon for, and the hand to which ho has aspired, oro within his grasp. Wo:rlth, honour, mid happiness, aro showered upon him when lifo is receding from him, and ho breathes his last in tho midet of a brilliant con- course assembled to do homage to his genius. Tho character of tho sculptor ia played with much earnestness and an intelligent appreciation of the part by .Mr. Clftenco Holt, and, if tho emotion ho display s were lons melodramatic, it would bo much mora effective Mrs. Clarence licit, as tho ur- ist's twin-brother, threw plenty ot life and ohrerfulness into tho character, and ably ceccntled her .hucuand's acting ; nnd the -part of Michael Angelo found a dignified representativo in Mr. lid wards. Tlio fareo of "An Alarming Sacrifice" followed, in whieh Sir William Don's Bob Ticket was only less diverting than Lady Don's Sttaau Sa-eotapplo. Tua pantomimo con- cluded tho perfi>rma:ic3B. 