MONDAY, FEBRUARY, 1863. From no one principle did DE TOC QUEVILLE, and from none does MILL— both staunch admirers and defenders oí democracy, but both too far—seeing to be blind to its dangers—hope so much as from that of local self-government. To local representative institutions, botli look for a corrective to the dangers which, they fear threaten mankind under " tlie " new democratic dispensation"-under that democracy in the modern world" which DE TOCQUEVILLE deems " is inevi " table, and on the whole desirable ; but " desirable only under certain condi " tions, and those conditions capable, by " human care and foresight, of being " realized, but capable also of being " missed." One of the first;-if not the first-of these conditons, these two great men consider to be, that political education, by means of local self government, shall go hand in hand with this new dispensation. Viewed in the light of these considerations, the Local Government Bill, now passing through the Assembly, acquires an importance second to few, if any, of the acts of our Legislature. And if so viewed, all Vic- toria's well-wishers will use every effort to make the bill a good one before it becomes law j and to carry it out in the best spirit and fullest manner when it shall be law. In DE TOCQUEVLLE'S opinion, the question whether the French are to be a free people " depends upon " the possibility of creating a spirit and " a habit of local self- government ." and, says MILL, in his essay on DE TOC QUEVILLE'S work : " The genernl principle to which M. de Toc queville has given tho sanction of his autlio nty, merits more consideration than it has yet received from the professed labourers in tho cause of national education. It has often been said, and îcquircs to be repeated still oftcner, that books and discourses alone are not education ; that life is a problem, not a theorem ; that action can only be learnt in action. A child learns to write its name only by a succession of trials ; and is a man to be taught to use his mind and guide his conduct by mere precept? What can be learnt in schools is important, but not all important. The main branch of the education of human beings is their habitual employment, which must be either their individual vocation, or some matter of general concern in which they nie. called io take a part. The private money-getting occupation of almost every one is more or less a mechanical routine ; it brings but few of his faculties into action, while its exclusive pursuit tends to fasten his attention and interest exclusively upon him- self, and upon his family as an appendage of himself ; making him indifferent to the pub- lic, to the more generous objects and tho nobler interests, and, in his inordinate regard for his personal comforts, selfish and cowardly. Balance these tendencies by contrary ones : give him something to do for the public, whether os a vestryman, a juryman, or an elector ; and in that degree his ideas and feelings are taken out of this narrow circle. He becomes acquainted with more varied business, and a larger range of considerations, He is made to feel that, besides the interests that separate him from his fellow citizens, he has interests which connect him with them ; that not only the common weal is his weal, but that it partly depends upon his exertions." In Ms Representative Government MILL refers at length to this branch of the subject, having a chapter on "local " representative government." Wliilo allowing that it is impossible to exagge- rate the impoitance, as securities for freedom and as means of general culti- vation, of various other opportunities enjoyed by the people of sharing per- sonally in the conduct of the general affairs of the community, he observes that the practice they give is " more in "'tliinldng than in action, and in think " ing without the responsibilities of " action j which, with most people, " amounts to little more than passively " íeceiving the thoughts of some one " else." But in the' case of local bodies, be- sides the function of electing, many citi- zens have the chance of being elected to offices necessitating a certain amount of independent and responsible action. " In " those positions they have to act for " public interests, as well as to think and " to speak, and the tliinkmg cannot all " be done by proxy." An additional value of these local executive offices, as a means of political education for the people, is, that they aro not generally sought by tho upper classes, and, there- fore, " they carry down that education to " a much lower grade in society." As to the proper constitution of local re- presentative bodies, he says that the prin- ciples which apply to them do not differ in any respect from those applicable to the national representation. There are the same reasons for their being elective ; " and the same reasons " qperate as in that case, but with " greater force, for giving then! a " widely democratic basis : the danger "being less, and the advantages, in " point of popular education and cultiva " tion, in some respects even greater." As the principal duty of these local bodies is the imposition and expenditure of local taxation, the electoral franchise should bo enjoyed by all who contribute to the local rates, and by those only. As to the desirability of a plurality of votes in those elections, MILL is very decisive. He says :-" The representation of mi " norities should be provided for in the " same manner as in the national Par " lianient, and there are the same " strong rearons for plurality of votes. " Only," he adds, '. there is nob so "decisive an objection, in the,inferior " as in- the liigher body, to making the " plural voting depend on a mere money " qualification, for the honest and frugal " expenditure of money forms so much " larger a part of the business of the " local, than of the national body, that " there is more justice as well as policy " in allowing a ' greater proportional " influence to those who have a laiger " nioney inteiest at stake." All this is lamentably subversive of Mr. GRA- HAM: BERRY'S high notions of the superiority of " niauboocl " and " living " souls " ovor property ; but to allow these notions to have weight, is to claim for Mr. BERRY a like superiority over MILL ; and we suppose no one will urge that claim except Mr, BERRY. In his essay On Liberty, MILL also says of these local executive bodies : "In many " ca&es;, though individuals may not do " the particular thing so well, on the " average, as the officers of Government, "it is ncveitheless desiiable that it "should be done by them rather " than by the Government, as a means " to their own mental education, a " mode of strengthening their active " faculties, and giving them a fa " miliar knowledge of the subjects with " which they are thus left to deal." Much to the same purport-that is, in ad- vocacy of this kind of mental education, with a view to the political education of the people-is admirably said by the same writer at the close of his Principles of Political Economy. But we have quoted enough, though not too much, when the importance of the subject now before the country is considered. On the clay before the departure of the last mail from England, a meeting of very considerable importance was held at Birmingham on the subject of emigration. The object in view was the establishment of a society for the promotion and encouragement of emi- gration to the colonies, and the dis- couragement of that to foreign countries, From the report of the Birmimjliam Daily Gazelle, we leam that the meeting was held in one of the largest halls of that city, and that it was well attended by artizans and others directly infcerested in its objects. Mr. SCHO-EFIELB, M.P.-whose name lias long been connected with benevo- lent associations, and plans for the ame- lioration of the condition of the poor presided. The North American and Australian colonies were well repre- sented on tlie platform-New South Wales by the Hon. Sir STUART DONALDSON ; Queensland, by Mr. HODG- SON ; Tasmania, b3' Mr. YOUL ; and Vic- toria, by Mr. CHILDERS. Letters expres- sive of sympathy with the movement, and promising support, were read from a large number of influential and wealthy correspondents, and by the resolutions proposed and adopted, a " Colonial Emi " gration Society" was launched, with the most hopeful prospects. Subscrip- tions of large amount were made, and one gentleman-Mr. "W. ï\ SPLATT communicated his intention to sub- scribe _1,000 for every _9,000 col- lected in- England in support of the Society, up to £50,000-"the money to " be made to go as far as possible by " making use of the aid granted by the " colonial Governments in favour of par " ticular classes." A powerful auxiliary lias thus been created to the scheme of immigration which this colony is about to establish by act of Parliament j and the_ formation of the society is an un- questionable proof that no better time coidd have been selected for the effort this colony is about to make to place its capabilities and attractions before the English people. The arguments used in the various addresses made to the meeting may be reduced to two. These were, that periodical emigration from the mother country-the throwing off of fresh hives of industrious human bees-was a neces- sity j and that it was more profitable to the jmreut state, and better for the emi- grants themselves, that they should make their way to the North American or Australian colonies than to the United States, which has for so many years past made large drafts on the population of Britain. It was shown that, wliilc in 1859-a year described as one of great commercial prosperity in the mo- ther country-America only consumed British manufactures to the extent of 16s. 3d. per head of the population, the North American colonies consumed British produce to the extent of .£1 16s. 9|d. per head, and tho Australian colo- nies not less than ¿g13 3s. lid. per head. The North American colonies in the same year returned at the rate of 21s., and the Australian at ¿El 1 2s. 4d. per head. Prom these figures it was urged that the largor the emigration-to our own group of colo ? nies especially-the more employment was afforded for those who remained at home, every thousand persons of all ages who settled in the Australian colonies giving employment to two thousand men in England hythe raw material their labour produced, while the manufactures they consumed were the produce of the labour of another thousand workers. Birming- ham thus answered the somewhat selfish arguments that have been used in Lan- cashire, where emigration has been syste- matically discouraged under the fear of such an advance in the value of labour, arising from its scarcity, as should unfa- vourably affect the manufacturers in their competition with the products of the Continent. Manchester, it would thus seem, lias been short-sighted to the in- terests of its capitalists, while it has thought little of the individual for times of its-poor -workers, most of whom would undoubtedly benefit themselves in all'tlf-cônditioïgôf life by. the transfer- ence- of their ' labtmY" to fields - where it would Eave' wider scope, more healthy exercise, and a much more abundant reward. ' Hitherto the most populous district of England may' be . said to have been closed to the emigration lecturer. The longing that could not be suppressed, for a newer country,. whore industry might have fairer room, was left undirected and uninformed. It was satisfied with Ame- rica, because that country was at once near and accessible. Few of the emi- grants from Lancashire found their way to these more distant lands, and thus the mother country has suffered loss-of trade, the immigrants themselves have won a smaller measure of prosperity, and the colony has missed the services of a band of workers who would ' have added to those proofs of our material progress that have so largely astonished our friends at home. We cannot fail to sec in the forma- ? tion of the Colonial Emigration Society at Birmingham, a proof oí the fitness of the opportunity for the launching of the scheme of immigiation Ministers arc about to 2)rt_>OTe! as weu ns the soundness of the policy ex- pressed in the 38th clause of ' the Land Act. The state has lost largely by the iiitcrrurjtion of immigration foi- st nne years, and the remedy applied in the lately-adopted regulations providing " assisted" passages has been but par- tial, and altogether too small for the re- quirements of the country. Not a day should be lost by Ministers in bringing forwaid the Immigration Bill, and press- ing it to its th i iel reading. Little or nothing can be done until the new com- mittee is fairly seated in office. Mr. Cntr. DEES and Mr. AV. A. BUODBIBB, by their appeaiancc on the Biimingham platform, have given evidence that the colonists now íesideiit in London will not be- grudge their services in this cause, and the sooner they arc empowered to speak and act in the name of the colony die better. From the co-operation of snell a committee, controlling ample funds, with the newly- formed " Colonial Emigration " Society," much may be hoped for. The stream will be turned, and a large share of that flood of immigration which h as. in past j'ears enriched the United States will be directed to this colony. The Victorian " long vocation" havingcome to a close, the la--v courts commence business this day. The Bouike General Sessions for February, with sixty prisoners for trial, will begin this morning in tile count j' couit- house, befóte Sir. Pohlman (chairman) and a bench of magistrates. The Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates also tesumes his court duties this morning, when a large number of applica- tions for certificates will be heard, including those of John Porter and John Oiccnlaw Foxton. The criminal sittings of the Supicme Court will commence on the 16th instant, and tho civil sittings on the 28lli. The business of the meeting of the City Council, to be held this afternoon, is not of an impoitant character. Tito report of the Finance Committee recommends the pay- ment of salaiies and tinges, with some small accounts, malting altogether an amount of £1,074 2s. 2d. The other ten orders of the day arise out of reports from the various sub- committees upon minor mattera. Councillor Wragge lias a notice of motion upon the paper :-" That the council resolve that, in future, when applications are invited from persons desirous of filling vacant offices under the corporation, any candidato pcisonally soliciting tho votes of tho members of the council Büall bo declared disqualified, and that notice to that effect be given at the time of inviting applications." The return of rates collected and to be collected, for the year 1802, made'up to lost Wednesday, show that of the total amount of tate for the year-£29,08814s. -there is no less than £7,051 ds. Cd. yet out- standing. An, ordinary bi-monthly meeting of the shareholders of the M'lvor Caledonia Quartz Mining Compary was held on Saturday, at 28 Coliius-strcet west, Melbourne. About a dozen gentlemen wero piesout. Mr. F. G. Moule was voted to the chair, and read the re- port of thedirectorf, whichstateil that, since the last ordinary meeting of the company, held in November hist, the tvoiks at the mino had made satisfactory progress. l63 tons of quartü liad been crushed, which produced 428oz. of gold ; and, of tor payment of tributcrs' shares, and of all expenses at tho minc, and of outstanding accounts at Melbourne, tho sum of £300, due to directors holding judgements, had'been paid off, leaving a balance of £62 Cs. lid. at the bank, and about £100 in the hands of the mining manager. Tliero were now six parties working the company's ground on tribute, and one patty forwnges, and the prospects of nil were encourag- ing. Sinco the last ordinary meeting, a special general meeting had been called by -a large number of shareholders, at which the late' manager, Mr. Ross, was re- moved, and Mr. M. L.. King appointed manager, withput Balary, till the next bi- monthly meeting. Tho present meeting would have to appoint a new manager, and fix his salary. In reply to an advertisement,' the committee had received numerous applica- tions for tho office, and they recommended the appointment of Mr. John Bussell, the secretary of the Chamber of Commerce, at a salary of not exceeding £70 a year. Mr. Boss had declined to give up possession of the safes, books, &c;, of the company until he was paid £86, which he claimed as salary. A sum of £500 was dun from Mr. Ross on account of calla upon his shares, and the committee, therefore, did not feel justified in paying him the amount which ho claimed ; but as it was destraillo to put an end to all disputes with him, thoy had offered to pay him £40, and placêTthc balance to the credit of share ac- count. This offer was declined, and Mr. Boss still retained possession of the books, &c;" in consequence of which the manager was unable to submit a balance sheet to the shareholders at this meeting. Mr. M. Ii. King read a copy of tho banking account, which showed that tho cash received from the mine since the last general meeting had been £500, which, added to a balance of £29 9s. 9d., made tho total receipts £529 9s. 7d. Tho ex ¡ penditure, including £800 paid to the direc- tors who held judgements against tho com- pany, and about £80 for goods supplied to the mine, amounted . altogether to £407 2s. 8d., showing a balance of £02 6s. lid. in hand. In reply to Mr. Boss, Mr. King said that he was not iu a position to state the amount which had been received from crashing. The chairman explained that Mr. Manduit, tho mining manager, in consequence of having to ' go to Sandhurst on business, had been unable to prepare a statement of accounts relating to the mining operations. A report from the mining manager was read. It mentioned that in the preceding week thirtyrseven and a half tons of quartz had been crashed, yielding eighty-seven ounces of gold. It appeared that pr___ln_FTiäd~ u-sii taken against the .company in tho Court of Minis for jump- - ing an adjoining claim,'worked' by Messrs. Orchard, Potter, anti Co., and a decision ndverse to the company .had been given. . Messrs. Orchard, Potter, and (Jo. had since ' offered to take .?(_ for tboii claim, and the directors lind instructed tho iaj_a_u_ to close willi that oner. No motion to adopt the' repott was proposed to the xn.eting, but an ' ii regular conversation ensued, vhichwas in- terrupted by the chairman stating that the business of the meeting wits to elect a com- mittee and a manager, Ho read the list of candidates for the office of manager. There were upwards of twOnty, and the salary asked by the ii-p-ctivo gentlemen varied fiom "ot- to .-SOO. The chairninn added that the di- rectors W-hcd this meeting io determine how the claim of Mr. Ko.-s should be dealt with. Ile believed it- h.id been Air. ,-toss's pwctice to devote half his salary Towards paying the culls duo «JU his shares, but lie bad refused to accept tho oiler of the directora to pay him £40, and place the ba huico to his credit on share account. Mr. > Hartley proposed "that Mr. Iiu!>__ daim be satisfied in full," which was seconded by Mr. David Fyfe. Mr. Heavyaide moved an amend nxent to the effect that the proposition of the diiectors should be adopted, which was se- conded by Mr. Attenboiough. The amend- ment was negatived, and the oiigiuat motion was cauied. " Mr. Attcnborough enteied a protest against the resolution, on the ground that it was illegal to pay any 6alnry to Mr." lioss while Jic was indebted to the company. In reply lo Mr. King, Mr. Ross promised to give up the books, &e;,, when . he received his £85. The old committee were re elected without opposition, and Messrs. Bruce and Hartley weie re-appointed auditors. As, however, Mr. Russell was not a share- holder, and the îulesiequiled that the mana- ger must bj ii sbaieholder, it was resolved, on the motion of _>ir. -toss, to adjourn the meeting until Saturday next at noon, for the election ol' manager, and that in the mean- time Mr. Russell bhould be communicated with, and asked if ho would qualify himself by becoming a shareholder. An amendment, proposed by Mr. Attcnborough, to ask the burne question of all the candidates who had offered to fulfil the office of manager for less than £100 a ye.tr, was negatived. The meeting then adjourned until Saturday next. 'About half-past two o'clock yesteiday af- ternoon, a fire broke out in the '" Noah's Aik," formerly a public-house, Victoria street, North Melbourne. The Melbourne . Fire Brigade weie tpecdily on the bpot, and soon after them the North Melbourne Volun- teer Brigade, un ¿cr Mr. Cooke, anived. So prompt, in fact, were the steps taken to ex- tinguish the flamee, that in n. very short time all was over. The fire originated in a wing ' of the building occupied by a Mr Cunning- ham, a shoemaker. His premises, the whole of the " Noah's Ark " itself, and a portion of the 'wing at the other extremity of the build- ing, occupied by a Air. Dart, also a shoe- . maleer, were destroyed. The premises were the property of the Chief Secretary, Mr. O'shanassy, and were insured. It was for- tunate that the firebiigades prevented the Are spreading to Mr. Mair's timber yard, which is in close proximity to the scat of the fire otherwise the destruction of property might have been very great. A coioner's juiy, at Landsborough, have found a woman named Jerard guilty of having caused the death of her infant child by suffocation. The woman was married, but her husband is supposed to be dead. The Portland Guardian reports that copper ore has b-en discovered in that neighbour hood. We liave one day's later dates from Hobart Town, or to the 28th tilt. Speaking of the Otago trade, the Mtrcury says :-" To what ex- tent tho development of the trade with 3Tew Zealand, consequent upon the great immigra- tion that has set in upon its shores, u likely to prove of advantago to Tasmania we may . judge from tho fact that at this moment our piiucipal colonial trade lies with New Zealand ports, with which prior to these gold dis- coveries we had scarcely any commercial re- lations whatever. In yesterday's Mercury there were no less than nine vessels advertised as on the berth nnd about to sail for cither Du- nedin or Invercargill. Daily we have recorded, for a long time past, the departure of one, two, or three traders for these ports, laden with < the timber and other produce of this colony. The whole of the vessels now advertised will have quick despatch. Not only tho tegular , colonial traders," hut foreign vessels casually visiting our harbour are pressed into the service. The 'Wolverene, a stranger lately ati'ivcd from the Mauritius, has teen char- tered for this trade, and appears in the list of tho projected departures. Is not this a trade ' we ought to cultivate? Let any one look upon the map; mark our geographical posi- . tion with reference to the different settle- ments on the middle island of New Zealand, and bear in mind our capabilities for supply- ing the wants of these rapidly augmenting populations, and he will not fail to appre- ciate the full extent and value Of our opportunity. How deeply it is to be re- gretted that we aro deprived of all means of regular steam communication with pro- , vinces to which we stand so closely related, , and that no local enterprise has yet been found to supply this great desideratum." The Rev. H. II. P. Handfield, tho incum- ,» > ' bent of St. Peter's Church, proposes for the ' next three months to found his Sunday even- ing sermon on the first lesson for the day, in order to consider and remove the doubts raised by Bishop Colenso with rcgaid to the Pentateuch. ' . ' Tho East Collingwood Bifles are spending- î n night or two undei canvas in Studley Park. The encampment commenced on Saturday. ) . Tho state of the Melbourne gaols was, on i Friday night last, as folio ws :-In the Central Gaol there were-awaiting trial at Supreme Court 40 males; before magistrates, lo males; on the road gang, 8 males ; at hard labour, 103 males, 2 females ; imprisonment, 30 males, 1 female ; lunatic, 1 male ; detained for hail, l8 males ; debtors, 27 males; contempt of court, 1 female. Total, 238 males, 4 females» Received during the week, 71; discharged, ' C1. At the Western Gaol there were awaiting trial at the Supreme Court, 20 females; beforo magistrates, 5 males, 6 fe- males; at hard labour, 6 males, 11 females; imprisoned, 5 males, 39 females; lunatics, l8 males, 3 females. Total, 29 males, 79 , females. Total received during tho week, ' 89 ; discharged, 23. Tho city coroner held an inquest on Satur- day, at the Melbourne Hospital, on the body of Sarah Ann Smallwood, a child of eight years of age, who died in that institution on Friday, from tliecU'ects of injuries received through being accidentally burned by her clothes taking fire at her parents'house at Brighton. The jury returned a verdict " Died from being accidentally burned." The district coroner held an inquest OBI Saturday, on tho body of John Elchxnond, a man employed on tho Melbourno Hallway Company'- line, who died on Friday last, of injuries accidentally received on the 26th January. Mr. Stewart, surgeon, was examined, having attended deceased from the time of ' his receiving' the injury, -which deceased said was accidental, . Deceased said that on the day in question, he was hanging on to the hack step oí' an engine, and the other moa Vi ere shif'jug some carriages', lo add them to tho train. '£n passing a platform ho was squeezed between it and the engine. Ho -was quilo sober, and a steady man, Ile did not attri- bute blame to any one. The cause of death was internal injury. Verdict-" Died from internal injuries, accidentally received, by being crushed between a railway engine and a platform." Among the changes which in constant suc- cession pass over the social life of the citizens of Melbourne, not the least noticeable a); pre- sent is the different manner in which thci Saturday afternoon holiday is now enjoyed to what it was in former years. The Botanic Gardens were then the fashionable resort, but now that the bond of the 40th and tlio general volunteer band have both passed an ay, and promenade concerts exist not, the garden s appear to have lost thcircharm. Cricket matches at one time excited interest, aud the Melbourne giound was always sure çf ils quota of visitors. Palled with the extent of the display last season, the public now view tho game with something appioaehing to in difieience, and even its votaries are not so enthusiastic as of yore. Swimming matches are now of comparatively raro occurrence and Cremornc-gatdcns are seldom opened fqr daytime visitors. Riñe shooting, however, sectues the spate time of many more than it has hitherto done; -while boating has re- ceived a great impetus. Laigo public boat- ing houses have been erected on both sides the liver at Prince's-biidge, several clubs have private houses higher up, and the number of crews which turn out in the afternoon to practise, lend an anima- tion to the river, which is in strong contrast to the deserted appearance it was wont to wear. A new field for recreation has been opened by tho Holbourne Railway Company whose excursion trains to Brighton have led to that seaside suburb becoming a place of general re30tt. Family pio-niis there have become as numerous as they aro pleasant, and tiicy appear to be still rising in favour. Saturday and jesterday weto two of the waimest days of the season. Yesterday, a mihi northeily wind assisted in intensifying the heat of the sun's rays, and at the obser- vatory, at two o'clock, the instruments re- corded 103-0 heat in the shade, and 131*9 in the sun. Pour or five bush-fires were visible from the higher parts of the city, all lound the horizon. One of them, apparently not fur from Williamstown, was of consider- able intensity, and for somo time led to an apprehension that a fire had occurred amongst the shipping in the bay. A hot Sunday in Melbourne is almost invariably accompanied by a liie, and the scone is almost invariably in North Melbourne. Yesterday was no ex- ception to tlio rule, the bell having rung its ?warning soon after two o'clock p.m., and tho premises destroyed being those known as tho Noah's Ark, in Victoria- street. The Victoiian Eleven took their depaituru foi Sydney ou Saturday morning, by the steamer UraTa. A large number of their cricketing friends absembled on the Sand- ridge Pier to witness their departure, and there was some hearty cheering on both sides. The Eleven were in the best Bpirits as le gards the game, though some of them who have made the tiip before, haidly appeared to relish the prospects of the voyage. Their"ad- ventures commenced even before leaving, as a car conveying several of them to the railway station broke down, and ono or two were ludely thrown out of the vehicle. Fortunately the injury done was confined to cuts and bruises, of which Marshall carno in for the lion's share. Although the late selections of tho Match Committee havo not given general satisfaction, the team, as a whole, possesses the confidence of the cricketing community. That the contest will result in a victory for Victoria is regarded as tolerably ceitain, especially as some îeccntly returned Melbourne men have stated an opinion that tho Sydney players are once moie overrating the strength of their champions. The Urara left the Sandiidge llailway Pier at a quarter past one o'clock. She will bo due at Sydney on Tuesday, and the match commences on Thursday morning. The eleven were accom- panied by Mr. Biddle, bon. sec. of the Match Committee ; Mr. C. Hipwell, scorer ; and Mr. J. A. Smith, umpiio. The Botnan Catholic Church of St. Josopb, situated in Otter-street, East Collingwood, was formally dedicated for public worship yesterday morning, by the Homan Catholio bishop of the diocese, Dr. Goold. High ponti- fical mass was performed, theltev. H. England acting as deacon, and the Dev. W. Donovan as sub-deacon. The discourso was delivered by the Eov. E. Scully. The church, which is a neat brick erection, was opened for tho first time yesterday. It was commenced about three years ago, but a great deal of work still remains to bo done, both with legard to tho internal and external fittings, The building has been erected with the view of being used os a school-house as well as elim cb. It accom- modates about 400 people, and its cost (about -1,000) has been already subscribed. A numerous congregation assembled upon tho occasion of the dedication, and many of the most influential Catholics of the neighbour- hood wero present. Imperial Mass, No. 8, was beautifully given by a choir, which in- cluded Mrs. Tester, Miss Julia Matthews, and | Messrs. Power and Ewart On Saturday morning a man named Joseph Morris met with some severo injuries through becoming entangled in the gear of an engine working on tho Sandridgo jetty. Ho was taken to the Melbourne Hospital. A man named Joseph Nobbs, on tho same morning, íeceived some injuries in tho face, through carelessness on his part, at a blasting in tho Collingwood quairics. Tho charge had Wen set about fifty minutes. The sufferer was taken to the Melbourne Hospital. Although tho dcparturo of tho Victorian Eleven has caused a greater dulness to reign in the cricketing world, the game was not wholly neglected on Saturday. The first elevens of tho Richmond and St. Kilda clubs net upon the Richmond ground ; and Rich- mond, weakoned by the absonco of five of hor best men, who are included in the champion team, and by tho defection of three or fçur others, suffered a defeat. Tlio Richmond score was fifty, and was made by threo men-Jacomb, Mortimer, and M'Farlano, Tho eight other batsmen were unable to con- tribute a run amongst them. St. Kilda ob- tained 103, Simmonds scoring thiity-thrco, Harley twenty, Paterson thirteen, and Allsop eloven. On the East Melbourne ground, tho , return match botween tho East Melbourne Î and Corio clubs took placo. The result was in favour of tho East Melbourne eleven, who won without having lost a wicket in thoir second innings. On Friday evening last, tho workmen in the employment of the firm of Alcock and ( Co., Russell-street, billiard-table manufac > turers and timbor merchants, entertained the proprietor of tho establishment* Mr. Henry Alcock, for tho purpose of presenting him with a testimonial as a mark of tho re spsct and esteem in which ho was held by bis ftnplcyù. > The supper was given at tho , Cross Keys Hotel; Mr. J. Blackbourne occu- pying tho chair, and Mr. 8peñco, tho vico chair. The article presented was a massive silver cup, the manufacturo of Mr. Edwards, , of Collins-street. iEinboseod round its bowl Í -. I is an-' animated representation of a game' of billiards, while the base is likewise em- bossed with emeus, kangaroos, and a variety of indigenous plants. On one side'is a shield, bearing the following inscription:-, " Presented to Henry Upton Alcock, Esq., by the workmen in his employ, as a memorial of their respect and esteem." The cup was formally presented by the chairman ; and in replying tohis address, Mr. Alcock mentioned that he and his men had had a " long pull " together-many of them having been with him for upwards of ten years. An error occurs in tho financial statement concerning theMettray Institution of France, in Saturday's Argus, wheie it is stated that 150f. to lfJOf. are £12 to £13 0s" and lö.OOOf. £1,250. 160f. to lGOf. aro £6 to £6 8s., and ,15,00-f. £600. A boy, about fourteen years of agc, named Erskine, the son of Mr. Erskine, a plumber, in Swanston-Btreet, was drowned in tho Yarra on Saturday evening last. We are not in possession of full particulars concerning the event, but have learned that the lad was bathing between the railway bridge and the tannery beside the liver when he was lost. Ever since that time there has been an active search after tho body. The police, of course, took activo measures t_ drag the river, but without success ; and, as we aie told, a pro- fessional diver from Sandridge was also en- gaged, with his apparatus of tubing, but lo no use. Last evening several of the "Maori troupe" attracted large crowds of spectators to witness their diving feats, as they also did their best to discover the drowned corpse, but their attempts were likewise unavailing ; nor had the îcmains of the poor lad been îo covered up to a late hour yesterday evening. Yesterday, at noon, the body of Joseph Moone (whose accidental drowning wo no- ticed in our issue of Saturday) was recovered, and an inquest will be held to- day. The un- fortunate deceased was a boatman, mach re- spected by his compeers and neighbours at Sandridge, and it was immediately resolved to open a subscription for his widow and seven children ; we understand that nearly £200 have been already subscribed. Yesterday evening, at seven o'clock, a man named Dennis Johnston, died suddenly at the Garibaldi Hotel, Little Collins-street, whore he was staying. He had been ill, and under treatment by a medical man. His death is supposed to have been caused by bursting a blood-vessel internally. At the Richmond Police Court on Saturday Messrs. M'Crao, Pinnock, and Johnson on the bench-one Frederick Robinson was sent to gaol for three months for stealing a bundle of old clothes, the property of Louisa Garbutt' residing in Kent-street. A man named Samuel Williams was charged with the theft of a window-curtain from the dwelling of Herman Fisherman, Richmond. He was, however, remanded for seven days, for evi- dence. The Governor in Council having approved of leave of absence being granted to the volun- teers in the Civil Service, to enable them to take part in the encampment to be held at Geelong on the 12th, 13th, and 14th days of February, notice is given by Major Pitt that all voluntcors in the Civil Service attending the camp will report themselves to the officers commanding their corps, as having availed themselves of the indulgence therein granted, on arrival at the camp. Tlie North Melbourne Rifles hold their monthly meeting this evening, at a quar- ter past eight o'clock, in the orilerly-room. Business, to an-ange for encampment, &c.; Commanding officer's parade and inspection of arms on Wednesday next, at four in the afternoon, front of University. Staff-oflioer's inspection of arms of No, 1 Battery of Volunteor Artillory will be held this evening, at half-past seven, The Rev. James Ballantyne will lecture at the Temperance Hall, Russell-street, to-mor- row evening, at eight o'clock, on absti- nence. There were no cases of any consequence at the Emerald-hill Police Court on Saturday, A chango oi management has taken place at the Princess's Theatro, and to-night will witness the inauguration of the new season. The boards will be occupied by an efficient company, including Mr. George Fawcett, Madame Marie Duret, Miss Julia Mathews, Miss ItosoEdouin, Mr. Charles Young, Mr. C. W. Barry, Mr. John Dunn, and other esta- blished favourites. Mr. Fawcett has been ab- sent from Melbourne something like twelvo months, during which time he has visited New South Wales and Now Zealand, and has also fulfilled "starring" engagements at up. country theatres. , 