COUNTY COURT. Thunday, 30th July. (Before His Honor Judge Rogers.) Cuthbert v Harrison-£18 12s, acceptance drawn and endorsed by Thomas Platt, and accepted by the defendant. Judgment for the plaintiff, with £1 1s costs. Colonial Bank v Greville-Mr Randall for the plaintiffs; £51 13s 9d, two acceptances drawn by W. B. Wildey and Co, and accepted by the defend- ant. Judgment for the plaintiffs, with £8 11s costs. Wallis and another v Vowles-Mr Lynn for the plaintiffs; £56, two acceptances drawn by the plaintiffs and accepted by the defendant. Judgment for the plaintiffs, with £4 18s costs. Sayers and others v Butters-Settled. Learmonth and another v Kelly-Mr Cuthbert for the plaintiffs. £80 2s 6d, dishonored cheque. Judg- ment for the plaintiffs, with £6 6s costs. Gibb v Lambert-Mr Cuthbert for the plaintiff. £82, acceptance. Judgment for the plaintiff, with £3 3s costs. Same v Bassett-£53, acceptance. Judgment for the plaintiff for £33, with £3 3s costs. Wayne and another v Roe-Neither of the plain- tiffs appeared, but only a clerk in their employment, and the case was consequently struck out. Duke v Redman-Mr Randall for the plaintiff. £58, acceptance, and work and labor. Judgment for the plaintiff, with £5 odd costs. Dunn v Tourney-Mr Randall for the plaintiff proved consent to judgment for £132 14s 6d, with costs. Burns v Cronin-Withdrawn. Robinson and another v Chenhall-Mr Mann for the plaintiffs stated that the costs, £8 17s 6d, re- mained unpaid. Judgment for the plaintiffs for 1s, and the costs claimed. Lang v Beenie-Mr Randall for the plaintiff proved consent to judgment for £62 12s tod, less £5 paid after consent, in instalments of £2 a week, costs £4 odd. McLean v McKellar-Struck out. Scott v Holland-Mr Salter for the plaintiff proved consent to judgment for £41 odd, debt and costs, payable in instalments. Madden v Innes-Mr McDermott for the plaintiff, Mr Trench for the defendant. This case was now resumed by further examining the defendant. Cross- examined-I believe the placard of sale tells a lie in saying there were 450 loads of dung. In fact, most things were overstated. I did as I was told in that respect, to attract buyers. I knew I was putting down a falsehood, but I did it at the order of my trustees. I was acting as a servant in it. Re- examined - My creditors permitted me to remain on the premises. Mr Peddie was on the ground, and purchasers could of course judge for themselves. Mr McDer- mott submitted that there was no defence to the action, as no notice was given by the defendant to the plaintiff to complete the removal of the manure, or warning given of charge for storage. His Honor said he would either find for the plaintiff for 1s, or for the defendant and without costs. Ultimately judgment for the plaintiff for 1s was given, without costs. Murphy v Holgate-Mr Cuthbert for the plaintiff, Mr Randall for the defendant; £21, damages for loss of a bullock, and cost of searching for the bullock. It appeared that in the first instance the defendant had come into possession of the bullock through an error of his overseer. His Honor advised a compro- mise, and ultimately judgment for £8 8s was taken hy consent, without costs. Davey v Costin and others-Mr Walsh for the plaintiff, Mr Randall for one of the defendants; £27 5s 10d. goods delivered to the late Perseverance Company, White Horse. Judgment for the plaintiff, with £2 reduced costs; execution stayed for six months. Ryan v Bacchus-Mr Walsh for the plaintiff; Mr Randall for the defendant. The plaint was filed by the plaintiff in person for £45, damages for wrongful dismissal and for wages. The plaintiffs case was that he had been hired as a general farm servant and stockrider, and his wife as a laundress, but the plaintiff and the defendant fell out and the defendant at once sent the plaintiff away. It was also stated by counsel for the plaintiff that his client had been summoned by the defendant to the petty sessions at Gordon, or some place near there, the agreement was cancelled, and the plaintiff "bound over to ap- pear at the County Court." What that might mean counsel could not divine, unless it was that plaintiff had claimed an appeal to the General Sessions from the magistrate's decision. The plaintiff stated that the defendant insisted on his doing stockrider's duties on foot, an impossible feat, which the plaintiff de- cidedly objected to attempt. In fact, after an essay or two he failed, and then being found fault with, he protested. The defendant replied with protests of the plaintiff's uselessness, and told him and his wife to go about their business. The defence was that the plaintiff had left the defendant's service of his own accord, had a horse given him to ride, and that generally the plaintiff had either refused to ful- fil the duties he had engaged to do or was incapable of doing so. His Honor said it was clear that the plaintiff, who seemed disinclined to do anything, had dismissed himself. Judgment, therefore, for the defendant, with £3 14s 8d costs. Martin v Williams. Mr Cuthbert for the plain- tiff; Mr Hardy for the defendant. The plaintiff did not appear, and the case was struck out, with £4 15s 5d costs. Standring v James and another.-Mr Cuthbert for the plaintiff; Mr Walsh for the defendants. £28, money had and received. The debt was admitted, and a set-off for £11 odd pleaded, which was ad- mitted, all but 10s 9d. It was alleged that the plaintiff was the widow of a man who had lived in the forest, and who had been connected with the Lal Lal Water-race Company. The husband died from "exhaustion" during a bush-fire last summer. The sum of £20 had been subscribed for the widow and her family, and was paid into the hands of Mr Hardy, the defendant's attorney, who was also a shareholder in the Lal Lal Company. This money was withheld from the widow, at the instance of the defendants or some other persons; but the de- fendants now said that the money was kept back in consequence of an agreement that she should surrender her claim to it by way of liquidation of an account owing by her for goods supplied since her husband's death. His Honor gave judgment for the plaintiff for £17 5s 4½d, with £5 8s costs, his Honor remarking that in taxing the costs he had not lost sight of an interjection of the words "and gin," by the defendant's counsel, in the statement by the plaintiff's attorney that the plaintiffs hus- band had died from "exhaustion." Martin and others v Francis-Mr Walsh for the plaintiffs, Mr Randall for the defendant. This was a building case in which the plaintiffs sought to recover £34 for work and labor done under a plas- tering contract at the Ballarat District Hospital. A proposition was made to refer the dispute, but the judge said he could only permit that by consent of the parties. It appeared that the alteration of the pediment at the hospital necessitated some inter- ference with the details of the plastering contract, and out of this a dispute had arisen as to the amount and value of certain extras or alterations in the work. Among the witnesses was Mr Lynn, the late president of the hospital, and the plaintiff's attor- ney, who put in some written admissions by the defendant. The clerk of the works, named Gale, was put into the box, and was rather amusing from the dress, air, and speech which marked his appear- ance. He said he was a sailor and a new arrival, but had had great experience in times past in building matters. His evidence partially supported the plaintiffs' evidence. His Honor found for the plaintiffs for £12 10s with £7 1s 1d costs. Goujon v Henderson-Mr McDermott for the plaintiff, Mr Randall for the defendant; £21, moneys due in connection with the sale of some shares in the Burra Burra Company. Ten shares had been sold by the plaintiff, for Wildey and Co., to George Wicks, who acted as the defendant's agent. The scrips had been delivered to Wicks, but Henderson had not accepted transfer. In the meantime a de- cree for contribution had been obtained against the company in the Court of Mines; Wildey and Co., the original holders of the shares, being liable under that decree, as there had been no transfer to Hender- son and the plaintiff had paid the contribution de- creed. He new sought to recover the contribution so paid. His Honor said the case could not go on without the scrip, and ultimately a verdict was taken for the defendant, without costs. Dewar v Strongman-Mr McDermott for the plaintiff, Mr Walsh for the defendant. £25, value of a quarter share in an engine. The plaintiff a counsel in opening, said there had been an old Act prohibiting clergymen from entering into trading pursuits, but he believed that the Act had been re- pealed, and no objection would therefore be taken on that score. His Honor remarked that it was a matter of canon law, if of any. The plaintiff deposed that the Eureka Cement Company's claim had been let to tributers. The defendant aad three other shareholders held a meeting, and it was agreed that the plaintiff's engine should be bought for £100 by the four partners. The transaction was to be a cash transaction, or at all events the plaintiff had stipu- lated that the defendant's portion should be paid in cash. Subsequently there was a sale of the whole plant for £1000, which bad been divided, but the defendant had not paid his share of the engine bought from the plaintiff. Cross-examined-I never got a shilling of the £1000, nor has the defendant, I believe. That is, no cash has been received, but liabilities have been paid off, and I consider I have received money in that way from the £1000. His Honor remarked that taking bills from Slater and others for their parts in the engine, and holding Strongman to a cash payment was a violation of the joint understanding of the meeting, which de- cided on the purchase of the engine on equal terms. If the defendant were put in the same position as Slater, it might be perhaps arranged. Mr Walsh objected to that as the other side had used objectionable expressions., But besides, the arrangement was that the plaintiff should be paid out of the £1000, the statement made by the plaintiff being, in fact, inac- curate as to the contract of sale. Thomas Davey, one of the partners, deposed that no mode of pay- ment was agreed on, and he paid his part in bills- which were not yet due. Thomas Slater, another partner, deposed that the plaintiff accepted billi from him and Davey, but not from the defendant. He did not understand that the money was to be paid out of the £1000. The plaintiff told him he had refused to take the defend- ant's bill, but gave no reason. His Honor said the transaction appeared to be a partnership one, and the remedy of the plaintiff to be in equity. There was to be a mutuality as between the partners, but the mutuality was destroyed by the difference of treatment by the plaintiff of his partners in the pur- chase. Mr McDermott contended that it would be a complete answer to a bill in equity to say that it was an ordinary suit for money due. John M. Strong- man, the defendant, deposed that the four partners had agreed to bay the plaintiff's engine for £100. , The mode of payment was not expressed, but he be- lieved that it was understood that the £100 were to be paid out of the £1000 to be paid by the tributers. Cross-examined-I disclaim all interest in the en- gine. I never authorised Mr Slater to make the contract with Dewar. I never understood we bought the engine or any portion of it, but that it was to be apart of the plant. I do not object to the evidence of Davey and Slater. Dewar was to have £100 through the four partners. It was to be paid out of the gold or by the tributers. That was not stated, but I understood so. It was a sale for £100, but it was not said how it was to be paid. The tributers were to pay. It was not so stated. Dewar would not trust them. He trusted them through us. That is to say, he threw his engine into the plant in order that a larger profit might be realised on the whole sale. I never understood that he sold to me. He couldn't have sold to the tribu- ters. Mr McDermott-Did he sell to anybody? Witness-He did not sell to me. It was not an ac- tual purchase. The engine was sold to the tribu- ters. I never considered I had any interest in the engine. A bill was drawn on the tributers for it, which I endorsed. I admit all that, and the only question is how the payment is to be made. Dewar was to get his £100, but I do not consider myself liable for any part of it. Mr McDermott- Did you think, then, that the plaintiff was to put the engine into the plant for your profit? Witness-It was his own act. This was the case; and after counsel had addressed the Court, his Honor said that his opinion of the contract between the parties was that it was unauthorised so far as the defendant was concerned, as the contract was unequal in terms, and finally made by Slater without the defendant's privity. The plaintiff, therefore, had done so at his own risk, and the transaction became an ordinary partnership one, the plaintiff being entitled to pay- ment only when the bargain with the tributers became productive. But it was also clear enough that the contract was defective, and each partner had his own impression, so that the discrepancies in the evidence as to the terms were no proof of unveracity. The judgment, therefore, must be for a nonsuit with costs. Mr McDermott submitted that costs should not be allowed, the more as the defendant had given his evidence in a most unsatisfactory manner. His Honor said that if he were to give his opinion upon the relative propriety of the behavior of the plain- tiff's counsel and the defendant's he must say that the defendant had acted with propriety and the plaintiff's counsel with impropriety in the case, for he had made use of coarse and uncalled-for ex- pressions. The costs were taxed at £7 13s. Dooley and others v Ryan-Mr Walsh for the plaintiffs, Mr McDermott for the defendant ; £36 odd, work and labor done, as quarryman, for the defendant, a road contractor. The dispute was simply as to the price to be paid for the work, the contract being a verbal one, and some changes having been made in the locality of the work done. The case was partially over, when the Court ad- journed. The following is the list for this day :- 1347 Salmon v Falconer 1061 Perrin v Kelson 1255 Nokes and another v Nash 1349 Webster v Callnach 1095 Webster v Southward and another 1211 Innes v Scott and another 1223 Meyer v Cutter and another 1101 Reynolds and another v Ralph 1113 McMaster v Kennedy 1126 Paige v Guest 1133 McMaster v Simpson 1141 Hosking v Lou Ah Coon 1201 Doyle v Dickson and another 1262 Adamson v Shields 1328 McLean v Smith 1341 Corkill v Davis 1143 O'Farrell and another v Ogilvie 1214 Crosbie and another v Dewar 1294 Fisken and another v Warren and another 1310 Cameron v Gibbs. 