ORIGINAL POETRY. LOST IN TIIE.IIUSII. In the year 1852, a young man, then lately arrived from England, whilst travelling in search of a new diggings, lost himself in the bush, and was found three days afterwards by some herdsmen in a state of insanity. 'Twas in the far-off wilderness A lonely stranger stood, And gazed upon the scene around In deep, perplexed mind No vestiges of man were nigh, And solemn was the hush Prevailing in that lonely place The wild untraveled bush. He saw the weary eagle hie O'er distant hills and plains, Where never human sound had broke The stillness around that origins ; He marked the sun go slowly down Behind the distant height, Whose tree-capp'd summit still was crown'd With his refulgent light; And Oh his heart was wild and sad, And dark forebodings came, Like omens of approaching fate Across his fever'd brain ; And vain his efforts-vain his toil, His footsteps to retrace, While night's deep shadows closed around In that wild desert place. And now beside e the bush-fire's b'laze He sit, in deep distress, Whilst o'er his troubl'd heart there stole Hope's blighted bitterness He thought upon his hapless lot, Upon his past career, Th' ambitious hopes which tempted him To bravo those regions drear: He thought upon his fatherland- His home across the sea, The lov'd companions of his youth And what their destiny; Whilst overhead tile owlet crew In screaming terror fly, And break the thread which mem'y lent To his sad reverie. Forth from his lair the dingo creeps, And round the forest prowls , Adding fresh terror to the scene By his ill-omen'd howls; With creeping flesh and straining eyes The affrighted strangers stood, Whilst countless-eyes of living fire Looked on him from the wood ! The morning broke --the sun was up The vapors of the night Were disappearing over the hills ' Before his general light A thousand feather choristers Of varied tone and hue, Into one wide sweet harmony" 'Their matchless voices throw l With heavy heart and tretmbling limbs The stranger journey'd through The shadows of the mighty trees That round his pathway grew; And heeded not the wild birds' song, Nor wild flowers varied shade, Far other thoughts oppress'd his mind In that dim forest glade Away, away o' er healthy hills ! And o'er the pathless plain Ito tIlcs, and now the noon tide heat Smiles on his fever'd brain Then rose upon the vacant air The wild the madding cry Help !-water - hungry ! God of heaven- Have mercy or I die Delirium seized his falling sense . This mirage fill'd his eye All vigour from his limbs was fled, He laid him down to die: No cooling zephyr fann'd his cheek, No friendly hand was there That might allay his ragging thirst, Or soothe his mad despair. - The wild bird o'er him flapp'd his wings. And then flew screaming by,. Comforted by the wailing sounds That rent his native sky : But God-the God of power and love, Heard not his cries in vain, Nor left him In the grasp of death. Upon that desert plain !. The herdsmen of Australia hills Far o'er the wilds they ride And theirs the hands that ere too late, And needful help supplied He woke once more to bless the light, That fills Australia's s sky A shepherd's roof was o'er his head And anxious faces nigh Kiama October 10th 1863. T'F Bethel 