IMPORTANT TO VOIUNTEEIRS - W tAR OFFICE ORDER-EUROPEAN ASSURANCE SOCIETY.-An important movement has been undertaken by the government in refer ence to volunteer corps. It has been decided to employ the adjutants as military account anta, and to require them in that capacity to receive and account for all public moneys which may be remitted to them for the service of the corps to whom they respectively be long. In order to the due performances of the financial duties to be entrusted to them, the war office has notified to each of the officers holding that appointment, that guarantee will be required to be provided by them in one or other of the following modes: 1\. The sum of £530 to be deposited in the Public Funds; or, 2. A policy to be obtained from the European Assurance Society for £500; or, 3. Two bonds of sureties for £500 each; 4. The bonds of one surety for £500, and policy of the European Assurance Society for £250. - Post Magazine and Insurance Monitor.-ADV. TANNING SKINS WITII THE WOOL OR HAIa oN.-First wash the skin in strong soap- suds, to remove the grease and dirt from the wool ; then rinse in clean cold water. The skin should now be tacked upon a board (with the flesh side out) and stretched, its edges trimmed, and the whole fleshy part scraped off with a blunt knife. It is now rubbed over hard with as much chalk as it will absorb, or until the chalk falls down in powder. Now take the skin down, fill it with finely-ground alum, wrap it closely together, and keep it in a dry place for two or three days; at the end of that time unfoldit, shake out the alum, and it will be ready for use after being again stretched and dried in the air. This method is for white sheepskins for door-mats. Another mode of treating them consists in applying a strong solution of alum, moderately warm, with a sponge, to the flesh side of the skin, when it is stretched, then allowing it to dry before the chalk is rubbed in: It must always be dried in the open air, or it will turn very hard. Another mode of tanning skins with the hair on, after they are stretched on the frame and scraped, is to apply a warm decoction of sumac, prepared by boiling one bottle of sumac in a gallon of water for about live minutes. The sumac liquor is applied with a sponge to the whole fleshy surface, then the skin is dried in the open air. Three applications of the sumac are given,, and when the skin is dried it is laid upon a smooth board or table, and rubbed down with pumice stone. Both alum and sumac combine with the gelatino of the skin, and form leather.-Scientific American. COTTON RAGS.-A skilhul engineer residing in Paris, has invented a machine by which cotton rags of every description may be ren dered fit for spinning. By this means rags, such as old sheets, shirts, and poctket-hand kerchiefs, worth not more than 20f. the 200 lb. weight, can be converted into blue or red cotton equal to that imported froiln Egypt, which though inferior to American cotton, brings a high price in the IIavre market. It is expected that this invention will attract the attention of cotton-spinners generally. CLARtE's PATENT SCYTRE.--Sume of the English agricultural papers mention a new pntent scythe, respecting which Mr. Cuthbert W. Johnson says :-I have much pleasure in bearing testimo y to the great excellence of Cloare's patenlt scythe. y adene opinion that no one wite has tried Clarke s scythel will be willing to go back to the old hinds. The following quotation firom tho Northampton HIerald will give somine idea of this scythe :-i" A further inspection of this really elegant implement only confirmed our opinion that it will be generally adopted instead of' the cumbrous and inconvenient oldi wooden-hassndled iscythe. One of the distdventiges connected with the old scythe is, that the handle muost be of the shape the wood g.ows. Where this is not tile clse, anid the wood is steamed and got into thle shape required, it is soon wnrlped by the sun and to a certain extent spoiled. The wrought iron tubular handle of' the new scythe is not liable to this, bt always retains the shatope which is found most desirable. 'The handle of the scythe is moveable, and can be set either long or short, as may ha required to suit the mower. It is also exceeaingly light, and the lawn scythe is a very elegant implement. hes ordinary gTass scythe is, of course, stronger. Thue judges at Braockley highly commended the scythe, and gave the patentee a written commendattion of it, to which all of them attached their signatures. We have described Mr. Clarke's ingenious invention somewhat at length, because it is evidently so great an improvement over the old imple ment, that agricultur.ists atd others who have to provide scythes will do well to judge for themselves as to its merits before purchasing the old wooden-handled instrument, the cost of which is not more than a shilling less than the new patent seythe." TREES PERISHING.—The Hamilton Spectator (Western District) some time ago mentioned a singular mortality among the gum-trees on a tract of country twenty miles long and including every variety of soil. It has by some been supposed that bush-fires have had something to do in producing such results. About eighteen months ago we noticed the curious fact, that millions of forest trees in different parts of the colony were perishing, and we endeavoured to show that grubs and caterpillars were the agents at work. Since we first noticed the decay we have more fully studied the subject, and the general result we have arrived at is, that the agents of destruction are the larvae of insects. The ova are deposited in the bark of living and apparently healthy trees; as soon as the grubs are hatched they bore into the bark and cut passages along the surface of the wood and into the trunk. The trees lose their nourishment and soon die. In many cases, however, the leaves are eaten by cater- pillars, and their vitality is thus greatly im- paired. An attack of caterpillars on the same tree during two seasons generally kills it. Not bush-fires, but the absence of bush-fires, probably furnishes the true explanation of the singular and rapid decay of trees as re- ferred to. Bush- fires at one time were so general every season, that they undoubtedly destroyed millions of insects, as well as the ova deposited in the bark of trees or on their leaves. Since bush-fires have become less frequent, and when they do occur, less violent, in consequence of the natural grasses being kept down by stock, insects have no doubt greatly increased, and it is thus that millions of trees of various kinds are perishing. Why cannot the Emperor Napoleon insure his life? Because no one can be found who can make out his policy. 