GEELONG. , (KltClíl OUa OYVN COKllKSPONDBNT.) -" FitiDAY*. JAN. 9. Tho intenso heat of yesterday YVUS followed thi8,morning by a uico cool breeze from tho Yvestivard, which gradually veered round to south aud south-oast, and toYvardB the aftor .noon , blow Yvith considerable . force. No rain lins fallen,-and considerable apprehen- sions aro 'entertained for tho fruit, particu- larly tjiograpo crop. Reports aro in circula- tion relativo to the destruction caused by some of tiro bush-fires yesterday in this dis- trict ;, but nothing definite or authentic has yet como in. Two sudden doaths aro reported this morn- ing- ono of a man named John Mievol, Yvho was found standing up dead against a hay- stack, on the property of Nifiheckor Brothers, the vinegrowers ; and tho other that of a boy named Henry Connelly, aged ton years, who was drowned ¡n a Yvaterhole, near the police paddock, South Geelong. 1 A fino field of thrce-ycar-olda is entered for tho'Scpond Great Wostorn Produce Stakes. It numbers twelvo, and cloven aro expected to como to tho post. The following aro the en- tries : O. M'lvor'sl lir f Ay.\a-!a-horra, by Abdallah, ras- tillo. , J. Henderson ps b c Sunrise, by Conrad, Maid of tho Mist. J. Hondor8on nu br f If, by Wurliawlt, Tlio Croopor. W. Wnrrou'a b c Boyare!, by llolardo, llooawlntr. T. Bavin's grt llaroncB-i, by llolardo, Ganymede, It. F.,Orcono'» of Coromandel, by Indian Warrior, Marla, it, F, arcono'a TO t Corio, by Indian Warrior, Slilol iitt-guira. ll.'HowcH'BbfTlio Nun, by Dolardo, Matilda. 1 C. Molvort Tí o ^üiioa», by llolardo, Jorsoy. J. 'Ewart's eli f Whito Face, by Indian Warrior, Littla Iiuulso. A. ClilrnslJo'B b t llcglnu, by Poophiir Tom, Prin- cess. J. A. Bromlluld's b c Pharmacy, by Tlio Promlor, Kate lCcnmoy. Th'p entries for tho Gold Whip, and tho Barwen Handicap, YVIII bo received at tho British Hotel, on the evening of tho 14th hist., before eight p.m. INOENDIAIUSM AT ITALIAN'S.-On Monday evening, tho district coroner, Mr. Henry Otos sen, held an inquisition on a case of sus- pected incendiarism nt Italian's, On the night of the, loth of December tho Star Hotel had narrowly csciuiod destruction by fire, and from a foYv çlrcuiubtanccs connected Yvith tho case, it YVOS suspected that some malicious person had wilfully set firo to the building. In tho meantime Dotectivo-oflicer Daly assiduously prosecuted his inquiries orr the subject, the jesuit, of Yvhich so far confirmed previous ap- prehensions as to lead to the inquest referred 1 to, at which a verdict of incendiarism agahiRt -Grtnntle I gotnij \mknown_party was returned. \ Aqtyçate, Jan, 8. i ] 