AGE OF THE NEW SOUTH WALES COAL-BEDS. We are indebted to Mr. Daintree, one of the gentleman con- nected with the Geological Survey Department in this colony, for the following interesting notes, collected by him "during a three months' leave of absence spent in a trip from Mel- bourne to the Upper Burdekin, Queensland." One of the most important facts mentioned in these notes refers to the dispute which has been pending between the Rev. Mr. Clarice, of New South Wales and Professor McCoy as to the age of the New South Wales coal-fields. It must be satis- factory to Mr. Clarke to find that a gentleman of Mr. Dain- tree's experience and undoubted qualifications has done something towards ending the dispute in his favour. On several occasions we have pointed out that Professor McCoy having never been at the coal-fields of New South Wales, could not reasonably dispute with Mr. Clarke respecting the age of the coal deposits there. Will the former now except the evidence of Mr. Daintree as conclusive! or will be now see the necessity of visiting the New South Wales coal-fields in person before the scientific world is led any longer to believe that the Rev. Mr. Clarke is altogether wrong in his conclusions? The history of this dispute between men of soientifio standing well deserves attention, because it is calculated to convey to all Bciestifio men .a lesion of practical utility. Tba Bev. W. Bi darke, of New South Wales,bas long besa . distinguished aa one of the best practical geologists in. this hemisphere. In numerous instances, as soma of oar readers ara aware he pointed ont where gold deposits wçnld be found long prior.to their actual discovery. Be had aleo ex- amined and reported upon the cool strata of tba sister co- lony, and from a careful observation of tho strata in posi- tion, and by the character of tbe fossil remains, hs bad ar- rived at the oonolnsion that some of the coal-beds of New South Wales are ol the same age as the lower carboniferous series of Europe. Professor M'Coy, however, before be left En_j.lar.d,.had adopted a notion that the New South Wales coal is oolitic, b t that tbe marine fcwils in the same neighbourhood, often found in eontaet with tbe coal-beds, are lower carboniferous We ahail see with what pertinacity, almost amounting to stubbornness, Professor M'Coy bas ad- hered to the notion he hod formed. After tbe professor re- moved to the southern hemisphere he did not think it worth while to visit the cal-beds in dispute, but continued to controvert, often with unseemly and even reprehensible bi' ternes», the opinion-, of.. Mr. Clarke, who took an early op- portunity of asking European geologists to suspend their judgment in the matter for the time, as he felt perfectly convinced of victory in the end. Mr. Clarke's argument wa«, that the ooal could not be oolitio and the marine fos sils lower carboniferous for ia one locality exaaincd namely, Russell's pits, Stony Creek, Maitland (a-d ?? at other places)-tbe coal-seams with tbe plants in dispute, lie a long way below the marine, bede,. Somo,years,ogo Mr. Clarke sent a section of the coal strata' to the Beyal Society of Victoria. Professor M'Coy and Mr. Selwyn sat upon it, and reject'd ¡ton tbe pretence that there was a " fault" in the strata ; and io the opening address of the president of the eociety (Sir Beary Barkly), in 1861 judgment was given against th j' opinions of/.Mr. Clarke. Throughout the dispute that gentlemen has been often un- fairly dealt with, and harder things ' have bees said' than hare appeared.in print. In vol. v., p.' 107,of the Trans- action» of thc Rotfäl Society of Victoria, there is a" pas ungo in a paper by Professor M'Coy pretending tbsWMr. Clarke told bim and Mr. Selwyn; that' the'-1 specimen pro- duced by Mt. Clarke in proof of his opinion waa eua' of the plants belonging to beda from which it'had fallen, or might have fallen, from the top to the bottom of the shaft. Mr. Clarke replied to this statement but it was afterwards repeated (ville p. 217; voL v. of the Royal Society's Trame actio/.«), as if Ur..Clarke, /who: prodaced the specimen in Eroof of the age of- the coal; could hare admitted thal, ¡ali e had »aid waa untrue. : , - . : ' We hare always felt perieoH/ eoarinoed that I Mr. Clarke was righti: and whilst we congratulate him on hie triumph over a stubborn foo, we. weald ask the ríroísesor toread the last paragraph of bis oommentary on Mr. Clarke's paper wherein he mentions the Ttsnioflttrii.Vaintr-cl: anti then adda '.'.that be will be the first to oommunioate te the publio any fact .whioh may hereafter ootna to bia knowledge tending to weaken the views he holds." - OSObOOIOAb MOTU. . f { Collected during ft three months' letve of absence spent, in a trip from .Melbourne to the Upper Burdekin, Queensland, (with plan and section as above); By Riobard 'Damtree, Field Geologist, Viotoria. ; . ' ? i 'r ' , 'i ' 01 Starting; from'' Melbourne, tbe tertiaries of Port' Phillip Heads, the amygdaloid*'of Cape 'Scharia:, and Philip Island, I subeeded by ' the cliffs; of the Capó 'Paterson ' carbonaceous i strata, so familiar to roe, every foot of which coastline I .had explored, we're rapidly passed. ;' ' " . ' ,,' . .. «ext. the ^granite of .Wilson's Promontory, sod,the low sandy tertiaries of the Gipps Land coast were left behind. The promontory of Cape li me .wea eagerly \ip4nped,.in the '.'hope.'.' that . it weald 'afford some"' connecting ' link between mr eastern eitension'of the carbonaceous, strata in Gipps Land,, and, the southern coal-fields of ¿iew Sooth jWaies."bQt frota tho'dlstàpoo I could discover no,'sign" of 'stratified robita.'' ' , , , r'/tci .K.Uma,wftsI the.first point where .sedimentary,strata, travers dr apparently1'by dykes .of par. BO^oalledfj " older basalts,'''met the view t'they form part! bf the New. South Wales osai group.. 'Here the basalt keeps np its good name, BRO! relieves,1 with' undulating ' slops' ot rioh ' agi iou 1 taral soil, the usual ster.le. character of a carboDiferous area. ..... ','.'.' .i-,.'5 From Kiama to Sidney, cliffs of sandstone. of the ooel group afford seotions'showing' the grsdhal ascent' into the upper beds,, the M Hawkesbury. Series " of Clarks, on which __Bjdnex»ta5d». ._. .~_.11_'. .. J-_.' '-_'- -l-l Crocodile .Head, six . miles . north, of Jarvis Biy. is' a worfby subject for' an ' artist's penoil, so picturesque is the grouping of. those rocVa'at that par- ticular point. ',, , .,.'* ; ,,, . .', : From 8ydoey;to Newcastle, hold bluffa of the same, for- mation', give th'e geologist ¿very facility for studying thia part of the series with gróat advantage,, . . _ From Newoaatle to Stony Cre«klfi'hnt'_a.8bbrt trip, and as"there are the sections ¡on which. Air. .Clarke ba»ea bis evidenoa of the paleoozoio age of . pa^.'at least, of thaljew Sooth Wales. coal teams, it is .one of, the! neoessary pil- grimages for the' wandering, ge ilng's't iii Beeron.' of truth.* What I »aw there I will state' in as. few words-as possible, I saw three, shafts on. Mr. ?Russell's! estato-^laddec shaft, working Bbafyand 210!t. 'shaft. ? ' . " ' ' .',. ! !' Ladder abaft is 19ft. below the level, ana. 132ft west,of working thrift. ' . .', Working shaft ls, 9ft. below tbe level, aftd 360ft.. north- west of îOOft »haft. . " .j . The dip bf tho Btratals east 6deg. south. ' ' ,' '. ' Taking working; ' shaft os » pivot, plodder shaft is^deg.,, and '» 200ft " shaft SSde,'., of thellse of dio. ' ' * Reducing these di'tanoea between the shafts.to,the cor- responding instances on the dip, we have-ladder a,naft dis- tant from working shaft'132ft-,'nèarly. ' . ', '' " 200ft»" shaft distant from working shaft S80ft;, ' For details of the varions etraU. passed through in these shafts see Clarke'sÚficovsriu th Australia, ¿.'¡53.; -, '," ? .Four,coalseams wera' ont io the several shafts. " , - I - We' may' distinguish', them as - the oft.1 7ih: seam, splint I Beam, working; seam, and bottom seam. , . , I Jtow tho working .soartt. NJ. 16 and i 8 of Clarke, is re- move d~between~ladder and working shafts.. y\ ? 1 The top of thia seam is' streak in ladder' shaft ' at, £tft. 4in" and in working abaft at 92ft. 4in. ; The Uiffuren ein level being 19ft., will' therefore gire a dip of Ott. in a horiiontaJ,distance of 132ft.', or the rela tibü of perpendidulár tôibase''of! 1 :.2,7 ==:dip of over 80 deg.--.--. ' _ As Eft; 7:ni.sflam; crops at! thelaurfaoe of ladder ahalV, it will not afford'safe data, for calculation of dip between it and working «haft; ' . ?'', ir Í In " working', «haft top of.S.t. 7im seam is met with at 6 i ft. 9tn. from tbersurfabc, in « 20pft." 8haft at 153ft., or, I subBtroctlng 9ft.' fsr'diûerencè of level, at' 144ft. - This reves a .difference of 83ft Sin. ia 280ft. horizontal distance,' ot the' relation 'of base to r>erpondioular .1 :.''P"3/ In ".working shaft," bottom of working seam, with 2ft. parting of aaudstone, tsreaohed at 97ft; loin to which eddi 9ft difference of Jevel =tl06ft. 10ln. ;'nnd in ' 200ft."' shaft, bottom'of same seamlwlth 5ft_.TJartinir of eaodstone. is reached,at 187ft- lin.r which gives a difference. of.80ft Sin. in 380ft., Wfè'aiion'of'bose to Mrpendiotilar'l'r^S. It will be seen rroro these Agares that' a higher dip pre*, vails between " < orking" and " ladder" than' between «' working'^ond.'r' 200ft;" shafts, and also .that' the, stjrat* intervening botwoon "5ft. ' 7in." and " working* seams vary in tbiokness. and that we oannot deal as1 with straight 'linea in the oaloulation of the general dip. -1 ' ' ' I have thereforo taken the mean between the dip of the "5ft.:7in,M and'.'working" seam, between "working* and " 200ft." ihafts,'a« the nearest approximation for oaloulat ing the outcrop of the different strata. Thia ls 81ft. 9ln'. tn 280ft. The relation of perpendicular to base Ii i. 3.425 « ICdeg.nearly. " . ? .' 1 "? No. 28 J et a point 993ft. Sredeg; W. from thrtoperBai eeJl'e .' SóÜftC" shaft supposingfthe surface of. the ground, at the samo level, ' ? . 'i ', 1 '. . ! When the details of those shafts were: fl rat made known by Mr. Clarke asa proof of tba pelatozolo age of'the coal» spltlfeaa fanestella,'so'.', being found in abundance abovei and glossoptc'ris associated with and below the coal, it U sagicsled by Professor M'Ooy, that the data given br Mr. Clarke showed the oxisUnoo of a fault between " working " and "200ft." shaft, and that possibly to this fault the reversion of beds might be doe, bot the palraof oio character of the fauna wog not called in question. Ll lilli ?! Il This error arose from taking tie absolute distance betweei tba »haft« (860fO instead of tjie reduced distance to thi Use of dip of «soft, Eíferriég; to tbe extention of Bm ell1» co») teams to tbi nm-tb ern railway,.and unfortunately,, afc» point, where, si marked bed of Bussell'a series can be abaolately identified we bare an apparently unbroken séries of strata dipping li tbe same direction, and at about tba same angle, as three it Bus'ell's coalpits, extending from a point at 19 miles 7Í chains from Honeysockle Fl ito 21 miles 37 chains from the same place, the beda farthest to the eastward dipping ai a greater angle. , ! " This. affords a thickness (taking the angle of dip al 16deg.) of 2365ft."of strata, bounding in fossil fauna from bottom to top,'very low down in which coal teams with gloMnpteris occur. : ? ? - ? Fosiils from each of the cuttings on the railway and from Russell's Bhafts were procured, that palaxmtologists " may satisfy themselves of thti.. European parallel. If it be admitted that the fauna found in the npper strata bf these shafts is palssoroic, than these coal aean B, at least, . are. palaaorojo, and- glosaopteria has a mach lower range than has hitherto been auigned it, except by Mr. Clarke. Neither does there, Boem any reason why Mr. Clarke should not plaoe the Newcastle coal seams (bia No. 8 car- boniferous gronp) In the upper portion of this «tony Creek group, no known unconfoiroity existing, ainoe no fauna or flora typical of the mesozoic period bas, 1 believe, yet been found in the said No: 3. , . Thit brings me to the conalderation of Mr. Clarke's present arrangement of thè. carboniieroas series of New South Wales. , - Fifat. /''Wianamatta beda" with insignificant coal seams, the npptr beds bf which are tte probable equivalents of our Otway. rBelIerine, and Wannon beds, in-which glos BOpteris has not yet been found. ' - Eeoond, .*. Hawkesbury- beda " w th insignificant opal seams no glossopteris,,. To this series'Mr. Clarke refers the Grampian sandstones of Viotoiia though Mr. Selwyn' pla rei them with No, 4. ? (B v'Gramnlan asndatonea I mean tha;beds poostiluting the Sierra.) ' Third. .* Carboniferous beds ", - containing the work-, able " coal 'seams, with, glossopteris by far the must' ' abondant fossil. In the ' lower portion o- this series four' known coal seams are interpolated with strata containing a fauna similar in oharactôr to that found in the carbonifer- ous limestone of Europe. Fourth."Xepidodeddron beda" not associated with coal teams.a» far as-yet known. ' ' ' - If .thia ¡arrangement; ia correct, and my experience as a field geologist is entirely in its favour, it is of. great prac- tical Value to us in Yiotoria in the search for workable coal seams, and should oanse ut to direct our attention to the upper beds of the Avon series.- tipps Lands, where No. 4 is so well developed, and alto to Cape Liptrap, where car- boniferous limestone is supposed to crop out, iii the hope of finding the glossopteris ' beds It points unfavourably to- wards tbe'-tenwopteris and samites bearing bods, whioh we have hitherto regarded, aa oar coal producers but wbioh as yet, have yielded nothing better thaa the Carle Paterson seams. Four thousand feet also of thèse same beds have been tested by boring In the Bellerine district, and have yielded nothing;approaching a workable seam. lu'the collection of fossils forwarded by Mr. Carico to Professor M'Coy,1 at Cambridge, specimens had' been col- lected frbm the thrre ripperdivisions of the carboniferous series of New Fouth Wales i. the subséquent divisen of the > group had, not then been worked put by that indefatigable geologist, abd it ia in this'way* I believe.'the mia eke has arisen between Mr. Clarke and Professor M'Coy. *-'.?'.? Whether the farina'that overlies Russell's coal roams ls' most assimilât d to, the palreoz 'io or lower mosozoio forms of Europe, is a question on wh'oh I am net comrjotent to form anVt>l.'ón,; ""- ^ ! ? .Wfaeta the question? shalt have been settled by palosanto' logioal authorities, it stems to'me that little will have bein done.for tbephytioal geologist at the antipodes, who must trust... tooths order of Bupert-csition, father than to the pal, montology, to wo'rk'out the o'rdor'of sequence holding the opinion ot' Professor Hailey,' that *' there' is no escapo from the admission, that neither physical geology nor paUaon tolcgy possesses any netbod by, .«hieb, the absolute ayn chrotiismbf two strata cari be demonstrated. , . " That the moment the geologist has to debi with large areas-or^with completely -separated deposits,- then the mis- chief of confounding liomotaxig or similarity-¡of arrange* mentwhioh can be demonstrated, with synchrony, br identity of date, for which' there i nota shadow of a proof, nuder'the' term of'bon temporainoty, becomes incalcul- able, and,provea the constant scarce of gratuitous sptoula t'ons. , ...»...:....> .All the facts that we have to guide the field geologist in Victoria in his seoroh for Clarie's No. 3 Carboniferous Beds (containing the workable i tams of New' South' Wales 1 are these-tbat they are very low down in the carboniferous aeriel ; that the lowest beds contain a fauna nearly allied ts the l.wer oarboniferiu, o lesjf Eur,pe ¡ that gloswpteris ia associated with all the coal seams, and is the most common .and characteristic fossil of ' the said1 No 3 This peculiar lanna or flora has not yet been observed in Victoria. ' .. .Jjeaviog. now, this.reost. interesting.pieoe of country and -ooasting along to Moreton Bay,, ander tho- lighthouse on /Moreton Island, we have sandstones with a slight inclina- tion, apparently; of the carboniferous aeriel i cropping from ?under the tertiary (? ; sand of which the island ia composed. ?If. this ia really.carboniferous sandstone, 'Moreton 'Island may, shortly bec'me' more . valrjAble than Its outward ap. rpearanoe Would lead obe to suypos'e. ; The tock« on' which Brisbane" stands may be referred to .the Oppcr sjlurian ; they bave a general north-easterly" dip lat'b'gn angles, lara traversed by numerous quartz'veins, .and. gold woald;Burely/be found-though Iperbaps not in' Workable quantity in the gullies around the city. Í JffDot covered, bv the ; carboniferous, sorles,, as, in the .nejghbonrhr>od_ ofIpswich, we .should, expect ribber._de ¡pdsTts'óf gold ia a south-westerly direction .onsetting into .rooks lbwer. in .tbe silurian Borisi-, that., is i BupposiDg .them ?still to'retain their"nortb-eastorly dip . '. , ;: . . .Passing oat of Moreton Bay, and still going northerly, ?' tertiary 'sands of the' Brighton series ocoupy low lying . -country.on tho coast, the Glass House Peaks, said1 to be volcanics raising their peaked -heads from the plain with «harper ontline than the orators of Ascension. - At Double Island Point, the southern entrance of Wide Bay, basalt orderlies the tertiary, and hence to Inskip Point are cliff* the ex ct counterpart in lythological oharac .iter-of the Be Blt-ff aeries, Brighton. . ?' .Thestreets of Maryborough ere metalled with soft sind atone' similai1 li' appearance to the Melbourne brd», and 15 -charaoterie being found in quantity, and about 10O diggers «reemployed. - u. ? ? ,? .?. ' i - . l Hence to Rockhampton the sandy tertiaries prevail along thé coast.1 : ' . 1 . . . Under Woody Island, and at one point on Frazer's Island, basalt is Beon in places oropfiiug from undor the tand Rockhampton stands on rocks willoh dip to tbe north , east at high angles. " ' . ' 'Aquarry opened at the side of one of the streets exposes a : fine stotion oi there. * . ?»They, consist chiefly of altered slates with ; bands of im . pare limestone ooutaming fossils, pronounced. by Professor : MiCoy palreozoia, - j , . , . .',. -,. . ?' .The altered BlatoB, almost lydian stone in p'uoes, resemble > ' thpse of Mount Staveley, Victoria. ., . ¿No quartz reefs we.e notioed in them.. . In the range of bills opposite Rockhampton these same beds have a westerly dip and splendid sections'are afforded of;tbe.seqoenco of beds in the headi of the creeks running miles ¡D a sooth-westerly dirtotion ' from tbeBS lillis. ,. - JJp the Fitzroy, about fonrmiles above Rockhampton, a : marble is quarried for lime-burning ; it baa a north-easterly ? dip, and appears to be nearly the uppermost stratum of . the aeries.exposed in the neighbourhood. .-? ¿ , Corr eliarjs, rome of large size, are found in the gravel drift of tile Fitzroy, at thu point, probably. washed from granitoid rooks exposed higher np that stream. Leaving Keppel Bay, and going north among the islands all ir. granite (l'ontocost Island is one of the most remark- able in form.) Generally they are pine clod, and have a most picture qno appearance. .. The sail from Rockhampton to Fort Denison is, indeed, one of the most charming it has jyet boen my fortune to undertake. . Bounding Gloucester Island, a précipitons granl e ridge, Port Denison ia reached. ?. . . < , , Tbe township of Bowen stands on tertiary ,'sand resting, on & granitoid rook. The same geological feature extends alon ir the'coast 'northward' to: the" Burdekin:'river,1" Cape, Upstart, Mount Abbot,, and "numerous smaller peaks of granito rearing thar heads above the'tertiary plains .and. alluvial swamps at their, bose; indeed, we è the coastline' submerged to tho dividing range 2O0ft. below the present level, it would present tho same features os now obtain from tbe priment shore to the Barrler'Rief. . , At tho lower crossing of the Burdekin the cori elian-' bearing g nnitold rocka aro again in force, and abandonee of coriiofinni are to be'found in tho river sands. Following the present well-beaten trook to the Valley of Lagoons at. tho bead of the Burdekin-a traok whioh 12 months ago did not exist, but is now as plain and well worn as any lu V.etona (tho distance in miles marked on tho trcoB)-!or 29 miles from the Lower Burdekin crussing, we po BS over a level, Bandy tertiary area, with large patohes of swampy alluvium. " ' ? At the 27th milestone Kill Bullock Creek ii rèaohed on tho east bank bf wbiob a woll-dtfiuod quartz reol nrups out from h matrix of rotten granite. '. This granite Is exactly similar in oharaoter to that o' Omeo, and that of Borne portions pf Tambo River; Gipps Land. Frequently'hornblende roplaots the m'oa altogether j it ¡a then this' rotten chorad er il moat observed, and the, décomposition of the hornblende Itself baa bien ao stative' \- inpláoos, hat at the 41 st milestone a freshwater deposit of white limestone, has accumulated to¡ a .very considerable thickness, . ? ' ' ¡ ' At Wi* 4índ milestone tb» summit of the ooait range i reached, Hence to the Ord milestone, the last crossing of tl Fanning Hirer, these taus: granitoid rooka prevail, til, \- . In ti.e bed of. tba..EiuiDing_Birar_goJd-i)JL»tpexco»r* character baa been found, both by Mr. Bora, of tba Fan ning. and a> party ot'minera -who accompanied Mr. Brown of Byduey. to'open'a supposed copper'lode in-the neigh, bcarhood.' [The specimengiven me by Hr. Brown was ex- amined by Mr. Wood at the- Geological Laboratory, and found to ne specular iron ore.7 Kow thia' is exactly the character ofgranite described by Mr. Clarke, of Sydney, aa gold-bearing ; in faot, it wai from the description in bia Southern a old-Fi ddt that I was led to give more than ordinary attention to thia area, in hope of getting at some practical result. . . My time would not permit me to prospect for myself, but I am of opinion that a less lucrative employment might be found than gold-washing in -Kill Bollock Creek, and from there to the Fanning River the geological indications are equally favourable ' supposing it to be a faot that g anite of this description, or even quarts reefs* ingranite, are the ma rix of gold. -. - . , It is true, tbat on' the top of the ooait range boulder peb- bles of rooks foreign to those in tim are aoattered over the au-faoe of the ground, and altboagh denudation over this area baa been,very treat, still I saw *no signs of'silnrian rocks in or near the Fanning ; there are certainly nose on the eaB t'aide COB sf range. This looks like one more ex- ample of the occurénoe of "gold in granite." - ? ? ? . At about the 70th mile from tba Lorrer Burdekin cross- ing, the granites give place to limestones full bf corals with a lnhologica! obarkcter the'exaot counterpart, of those bf Buchan and Bindi, Gipps Land ; they'are aa much contort- ed aa theie, but their most'regalar ¿ip is N. SOdeg., E. ÍOdpg. The same physical outline'is also here obtained, and Bin- di, dotted with sfaiali olurnpB of scrub, overgrown with I many-tinted creepers, to give variety to the landscape, I would serve for a photograph of Cunningham's .Burdekin Station., , '. ? . Thesojlimestonos were either Terr thin originally or they ihave boori greatly denuded, ¿ince the granite crops at tba «aiface at intervals lill we lose it a'.tbgether, and at the Upper Burdekin oroesiog,'regularly 'stratified' pink and brown sandstones àûd breobias make tbcir appearance, dip- ping Math-westerly at an angle of lOdeg. (o 15deg. On the weat side of the Burdekin basaltio'lara veils the underlying rocks, bat oa crossing a deep cutting creek, six miles fromithe crossing pince, these same pink sandstones oootipy the bed of the creek,.with a westerly dip at 15deg. These «andatones J take to be the northerly extension of the carbonaoeous series, willoh, I have Mr. Gregory's author- ity for stating extend from! the j Quotion of the Suttor, with the Bordikia to Barling Downs. ,. Tbe usual section .on the Buckland table-land, according to this authority, is - ' ' - . 1\. Basalt..' 2\. Upper carboniferous sandstone. 8\. Coal meiEureg. 4\. Limestones, with spirifers. I am (indebted to. Mr. Kiobardson, .of Bockhamp'on (of Burns, Bassett, and.Co.), for the information that a seam of coal 6 ft thick crops in the banks of. the Mackenzie, near Cooroorah station; .with a general b.w..dip,resting unoon formably on the conglomerates and sandstones, of Mount St warfe ft: .'. .. .. .. .. ! From tbi. Upper. Burdekin orossing weat to the watershed of the Flinders the country is entirely, basaltic Flatohefs ¡Creek forming-ita main boundary on .the south, and the , Clarke RÎVKr ntl fha r.nrlti . «W» fha tin<lAr|.Mn.v...,u.1i- j. seen in Ibo bed of.'.* basalt" or ."limestone" creek, ¡tis of a grauitoid.'aharaoter, bat Mount Caroline, tbe southernmost peak off any's Bange, is of. altered slate, highly inolintd, with numerous and.broad quarts reefs, on the flanks the summit'being composed of syenite, and this appears to be the character, of the reeks, of the Upper Clarke, though blue fissile slate with quarte reefs is more abundant there. : Mr. Clarke? has Jong ago. pointed out this diatriot asa future gold-fleld .. The fulfilment .or othor.wise of the prophecy is at hand. : It waa from dr'fia overlying the basalts of thia distriot I obtained the' bones of diprotodon- the' m*«t northern part of Australia' in whiob, at present, the fosail romaine of this animal have been found ?. .. -...?"/ \ It ia to those drifts that the cattle in tho neighbourhood come to lick, and I am of opinion.it is more for the 'phosphates from the bones of diprotodon and bis allies than from the cholrides they contain. . : A well-defined crater exists at a point bearing S. SOdeg. W. (rom Mount Caroline distance 36 miles. ' " ' j From' the fop of this an excellent view is i btoined of the ' lo mia'y ofthe basalt to the. wrath. ?. ... ' ?'-' ! Grarirfe'sphra, gradually eloping to the southern side of Fletcher's Greek- have checked its further development in this direction, V ?.. C:' ',. -f--, ? .? ¡ : . Lookiag .westward, we have a gradual rise, to the table* land' forming part of the watershed between thé Flinders and Burdekin Rivers broken at In&rv;'ali 'by 'the low' isolated peaka or ridges.!.;\ j .': - o' !;'.. r."--1 ,»:' '.'/ ! From this "point may be aeon the Mount . Mayne, A«., of Walker. South of this hill.'about two" miles oommences what is called a " basalt wall.'v ' . Thisla'aird to extend Iri'â 'oUth'^aaterly dlrtollbn 'as far as,'and across, Fletcher's'Üreék.'abd I- believe' fad crie'had n^tbj that period- . pe^trejfcg} Jabow this . n^ Flet¿h'eiuá y/ï}St?, t tlrao* " 'l Vtytfi* appearanoe of a walled city , ruined by art earthquake: the bnter wall, though muoh rent preventing the aocess of a'horseman to the debris lvino within. .1001 ' ' Crcepen and ahrubBôf great variety grew oi-er all," Whilst a swampy bog at tie baie'of ita:bluff.margin,. rich iú'ferns, promiBedf:on tba wholeUf harvest for the botanist, a aafej-e*. treat for tba blackfellow, and charming "little bits" for the artlaipf. phdtograpborv '.<", í CC .01 ! I regret muon that I conld-not-devote the timo to follow ing down this " basalt wall," abd more thoroughly explor . tag-it; .j f.\ , li'i'i'-'V. tri,;, >..>?" ; jrVbfther'ilia, the margin', of,an énórrhóus orate'ri .ora, more recent lava-flow (han; that ofUhèVurroun^ingkvel ao'untry,.1 had not bisarétb.investigate".'. ' ''<.?'-" Thesejbasaltio lavaa differ., in; no respect from those of, probably,'the"same age in' vio'tbria: a suite of specimens oolleoted'óh'Keilor 'FIa1ns'*'árl3"öü the Upper 'Burdekin could not be'dislingnished the.one from .the otter. A A peculiar featute of the basaltio country hore is th t the-b-.nks.of the main,.deep .cutting creeks are very rooky, whilst the branch oreeks are ' usually the drains of open, gently .sloping well-grassed.downs j ;table landa of lightly timbere.1, and.usually coarser grassed,country intervening I between the'bran ch oreeks, :.. a , . ... 1 i i The timber on tbeie table-lands is ohiefly that. knpwn aa " stunted ironbark,1' and a remarkable featnreis the absenoe bf fallen timber. I Thia is attributable to the faot, that the centro of nearly nil'tho trees' is hollow, making anTeasy and oertain prey toi tbe finit bushfire.- ' " .' - . . " ." ' . ' r- | Taking a general[view of the geology of 'Queensland, as far as oonldlie obtained in éuch a flying visit, and'from the reliable information'] oaufd collect' lt would appear that a' belt of silurian rooks extends along' the boast from Brisbane to the neighbourhood of Broad Sound, and that their strike being nearly parallel with'the coast line bas mainly deter- mined its outline. . " « ' Their- din. where observed is north-easterlv. at a hinh in« clinaiion. : The Maryborough and Rockhampton beds I would plaoe at about the sante: Reo ogioal ¡ horizop ; lower in the series would come the gold-fields of Canoona, and . I hose south- westerly from Maryborough, and to the strip of country .be- tween these two gold-fields we should look for the extension lorian; gold-íields of the type of Ualedonla.ojnd Anderson's Creek are to he expected rather: than those of Sandhurst and Ballaarat. . .." Silurian ? rocks again . make their nppearanoo at Mount . Caroline,, the' isonlhernmost peak of . : .Perry's .. - Banges,. . Upper . Burdekin. . ? On the flanks of this hill their general, dip . ls south- westerly. These rooka I should consider about the horizon of the , aurif. robs'aeries 'of Peale Downs,' and 'that'they represent tho western portion'' of o' great anticlinal axis,' ol' which the Canoona atía Maryborough beds . represent the eastern.' '. .'', '. ' ' .'"',' : The dome of, this axis haB been denuded^ and gone to form a portion bf the material of that enormous carboniferous deposit which, as Mr. Gregory informs mb, extends' from' the'Junction of the .Suttor with the Burdekin . southward to Darling,Downs. ' '' ' ' ', , . ' ' ' : "From'Bróad..Sound northerly' to Mount Elliot the coast range ls of granite' and its varieties, and in streams flowing exrlusively through the granite,' auriferous drift ia found, i Whether the 'extension of the s lurlnn system over this country has been entirely removed,'. and the granite represents only the base of this snppossd , anticlinal dome exposed by denudation .. fas the objects to "gold 'In grauilo ! would probably argue), is, of conree'.uuccrta n, ; tliis.iuuob, at least, can be said, that tho drift in whlohthe goldia found is essentially granitio.andjtheresetnblanoe to the granites of, Dmoo and Tambo River,,,Gipps Land, .is .remarkable. Basaltic lava-flowB, of greater or less extent,, aro met with lin varions parts of tbeoolony, ».g., .between tho . Olarko ! River and Fletcher's Creek, the Valley of Lagoons, tho Bnokland tableland, Peak Downs, Ac. ? : ; ; I Between tho 19tb and 20th parallels of latitude the greater part tf the country seems to be ocoupied bv it. Tbe trsot of country inolnded between the Oloike and ?Fletcher's Greek has received its-bosaltlo.covering from jlocal craters which frrm conspicuous landmark* only from, high ground - thev are too low to be seen in Umbered ?ooantry. : . ' . . ., I .The bosaltlo areas are those best f dented for, pastoral purpose« in the tropics, their rich «oils inducing the growth of the finer gruiei witb abondance of barb*, whilst their elevation above tba sea renders tba elimata Isas enervating tb»n that of the seaboard. > -, . , - J I ? r. From Mr. lA. C. Gregor» I learn that toe raj-reaanUtivei are fonnd as dykes catting throngb the carbomferoni series, and he drawa the distinotton (which holda in Victoria)' be- tween the basaltic lavas of the plains and these, that the former were ejected from individual crátera the latter from fissures, forming dykes in rooks they traversed» The geology of Queensland, therefore, seems to differ little from that of Viotoria, except in the relative areas oc- cupied by each formation, the neighbourhood of Fitzroy rowns, from which the Wollumbin* foisils ,have been re- ceived, affording tte only prospect of novelty to the Vip torian geologist.-Tn« yeoman; A-ngnat 29th. . 