NEW ZEALAND. Tim I. R. M. Co.'s steamer Claud Hamilton brings Auckland papers to the 2nd instant. Writing for the English March mail, the Daily Southern Cross thus summarises the events of the month of February : — Since the date of our last sum mery for Europe, few events of consequence in re lation to native affairs have transpired. The Maori lung, and his chief support, William Thompson, have written to the Southern tribes telling them to give up possession of the Tatarainmka block, which is claimed from us by conquest ; but they are powerless to enforce their order, as it seems the Ngatiruauuis declare that they will cede the conquered territory only when they arc unable to hold it. His Excellency the Governor, attended by the Colonial Secretary and the native Minister, is about tio , visit Taranaki, when doubtless au interview . will be bad with the natives, and an endeavour made . to recover, by peaceable means, the block of land in question. We cannot anticipate the result of the Governor's visit, but we do express the hope that it ' moy be successful, and that the settlera of Tsrauaki may have a chance of retrieving their lost position. A few days ago the Superintendent of Taranaki j province bad an interview with the Government, and ; brought the conditionof the settlers before the colonial authorities ; and we presume the promised visit of his Excellency is in some way connected with that inter view. It is noticeable that up to thia time, the Governor has not visited ^Taranaki. A memorial from the Taranaki settlers to the Queen, goes borne by the mail ; and we hope the simple state ment of the sufferings which they have undergone, will induce the Imperial authorities to assist the colony in restoring them to something like their former . condition. While the natives are allowed to hold the lands belonging to the settlement, and prevent its cul tivation, there are between 300 and 400 Europeans in New Plymouth, subsisting on public charity, at au expanse to the colony of £76 weekly. The winter is coming on, and the necessity for relief will become greater, unless the settlers ate reinstated on their farms. There is another alternative — to abandon the settlement; if the reinstatement cannot be peaceably effected, and remove the white population of all ages to same other province ; but such a course is repug nant to every notion of honour, and would be a suicidal line of policy to adopt. It is manifest, how ever, that the colonial funds cannot continue to be ex pended in giving out- door relief to hundreds of persons, : while so great a demand exists for useful labour in the colony. For these reasons, and seeing that we have tight and justice on our side, we hope hta Excellency will succeed in ponvinelng'the Ngatiruanui and Taranaki tribes that their best course will be to allow the settlers to return to their farms. Bo far as the.' King movement' ia concerned, there is no abatement. to be noted . in the . rzeal of the pro moters of Maori nationality, but it does not come no prominently before us as formerly. The Waikato tribes are very nearly .destitute of .food and clothing. ; We make tbc following extract from a 'Report on i the 'Waikato District,' written expressly for the Daily ' . Southern Cross, but which we haye hitherto been un- ; able to publish, to show, the actual condition of the : natives: — 'The gepsral condition of the Waikato. at .the present time, resembles - in many out- ? ward respects the distressed cotton districts of England. The causes, of course, are wholly different. The distruBt df Government, now amounting to an ill disguised and braggart fear, which has permeated the . mind of Waikato ever since, in 1860, its over- zealous ; brotherly love despatched its legions to Waitsra and u ' fate of dubious glory, has had the melancholy effect of paralysing those habits of industry, for which tbc Waikato tribes had, beyond their fellows, become conspicuous. * * ? Thcnative'efWaikntoused, ? in former years, to be large growers of wheat, which, according ss tho market suited, tbey either disposed of in the grain, or had ground in their own mills, which ' are how, to the number of seventeen, scnt'.crel throughout the district. But now the wlient grown is of very limited extent indeed. I was informed by one of the largest conBumirs that before toe winter was over be would have to import flour from Auckland. Only a very few, probably not mote tbnn two or three, of their mills are in working order, and although there are funds on hand for the repair of some o'hero of tbem, there is small encou ragement to lay out money, because of the limited supply of grist there is to come to them. The natives stem in general very poorly clothed, and instead of the hearty Bnd hospitable people of five or six years ttgo, they ere impudent and quarrelsome, and are to be ecen begging on the road for a piece of tobacco. They have in some places resumed their old and ill remunerated occupation of scraping flax, in order to raise a little ready money to supply their wants.' Such is the social condition cf the natives in the heart ofMaoridom. They are evidently lapsing into bar , barism instead of progressing as a people, and the cer tain result of their policy of isolation will be to lead to their final extinction.' About thirty of the bodies lost in the wreck of the Orpheus have been found and buried. An inquest was held on the body of John Pascoe, boatswain's mate. Tuesday, the 17th of February, was observed as a day of mourning, by order of tbc Superintendent, and every place of public worship in the city was opened for Divine service. Collections were made for the relief of the widows snd orphans of the men who lest their lives on the 7tb, at Manukau, and we may add, that a fund for that purpose is being raised. The Government offices were closed, and business gene rally suspended in the city. Fsscoe's body was buried with military honours. The body of Commo dore Burnett, C.R., having been recoveted, was brought to Auckland, and publioly interred on the 24th, with the honouts due to a Brigadier-General. The body of the Rev. Mr. Hazlcwood has since been found and in teired. A searching inquiry into the particulars of this wreck has been instituted to ascertain where blame lies. Steps had been taken before the ealamity to have the south channel buoyed, but not in time ; and we believe the signal station at the heads will be connected with Auckland by telegraph. The want of a telegraph station has become apparent, owing to the wreck cf the Orpheus, and we hope to see it esta blished. At the same time we must add, that no one could have supposed 6uch a large ship as tbc Orpheus would have attempted the Msnukau bar, more espe cially as those having the command were strangers to the harbour. There ie no more acceptable harbour in the Pacific than Auckland, and if large ships of war confined themselves to the Waitema'a, there would be little likelihood of any misfortune occurring. The Provincial Council met on the 20th, and have been engaged in business since. The Government introduced a half-million loan bill, which passed its second reading on Thursday night last. The proposi ti n is to consolidate the debts owing by the Province and public trusts, amounting in all to £85,000, and to give one uniform security — the Provincial revenue. The Province would then become the creditor of the trusts, and would make advances, under Act for speci fied amounts, for the construction of useful public works. So also in regard to out-districts, security would be had by the Province on the local rates, power being taken to levy rates under the Acts authorising the district loans. It ie likewise proposed to be prepared to expend £200,000 in the purchase of native lands ana for the pro motion of immigration; and to expend £70,000 in the erection of public offices and buildings. By the expenditure of a large sum of money in the pur chase of native lands, when they coma into the market, and the introduction of population, the Pro vince will be adding immensely to its wealth, and promoting the peaceful settlement of the country. Law and order will be established, and property in general largely increased in value. The progress of Coromandel has beeu slow, for several reasons. The main reason is the superior attractions of the alluvial diggings of.Otago ; but another cause is the difficulties in the way of pro specting, owing to the deep sinking necessary, and a constant expenditure ofcapitol. At the present time there cannot be less than £30,000 to £40,000 invested in Coromandel, and those claims which have struck paying stone prove that the prize to be gained is un usually great. When 107 lbs. of quartz yield 260 ozs. 15 dwts. of gold-dust, there is little doubt but the invested capital will yet become very remunerative to the shareholders. 1 he census returns that have been published show the rapid progress the colony made up to the end of 1861, but the next triennial census will demonstrate a more extraordinary development than has occurred in any other country save California and the gold regions of Australia. The southern provinces are generally prosperous. The out- settlements of Auckland are, as a whole, steadily advancing in material wealth and influence. The mineral reseurces of our province are being manifested, especially coal and gold. Our timber trade is likewise being extended. The health of the community is in general good Rain has fallen copiously three evenings of the pre st nt week, and was most welcome, owing to the long protracted drought. Bush-fireB have been very numerous of late. The troops are stationed as hitherto at the csmp, Otahuhu, Point Chevalier, the Queen's Redoubt, and in garrison at Auckland. H.M.s.s. Harrier, com mender Sullivan, iB in the Manukau, and will go to Taranaki with the Governor. The health of the troops is good. 