VICTORIA; Feogs ik Australia.— -It has long been a mystery to persona residing in the northern districts as to what becomes of the -frogs during the long droughts to which, ever and anon, thesa regions ara Bubjeet; and we are now indebted to Mr. Howit for an explanation, and at the same time for a jrery curious fact in science. The frog is purely an aquatic animal, and can only exist where mois tuve is found, although instances are not unknown where tliey have survived for a very long period confined in very dry material — as, for instance, the sensation frog in the block of coal, at the Exhibi tion. The Australian frogs prefer their natural element, and when the drought comes on, provide for their safe and comfortable repose while it lasts. Boring a small passage a few feet in depth through the .sand, they manage to form a small tank, about three inches round, and to fill it with clear water ; and then, filling themselves likewise, they there lie buried until the wet weather approaches. Mr. Howiti discovered this singular fact through the instrumentality of the blacks, who are very expert in following up Froggy's trail ; and, having found his retreat, they drink the water and squeeze him dry, after which he helps to make a dinner for lubra and picaninny. — Melbourne Herald, January 15. Yesterday was certainly one of the most op pressively hot days that have been experienced in Melbourne this season. At the new Obser vatory the thermometer recorded upwards of 104deg. of heat in the shade, and 130deg. in the -sun. In Collins- street, at three o'clock, the instrument recorded llldeg. in the sun, and lOldeg. in the shade. The wind was from the north-east, but, strange to say, it was cool as compared with the heat of the sun. Had a 'hot wind' prevailed, the heat of the day would have been unbearable. At Adelaide, the thermometer stood at 102deg. in the shade, and 148deg. in the sun, the heat from several bush fires having had an effect upon the temperature of the air.— A*--/u?, Jan. 9, Our Geelong correspondent writes: — Yester- day was, beyond doubt, the hottest day of the season. In the shade, exposed to the air, the thermometer ranged from 110 to 112 ; in the sun, in one situation, Unmarked 126; in cool office!', with brick walls, it ranged from 9^ to 101 : and in the coolest places, such as cellars, &c;, it marked as high as 85; the lowest noted bsing 77\. There was but little wind during the day bat what little there was, was hot and unpleasant and a fierce and fiery sun poured down upon us a most intolerable flood of oppresive heat. Towards afternoon the atmosphere becamv surchanged with smoke, from extensive bush conflagrations to the westwavd ; the strong smell of grass indicating too plainly what was the cause of the dense clouds of Smoke rolling along before the wind. It is reported that an extensive bush fire has raged all day on tie Banabool Hills, but particulars have not yet. come to hand.' — Ibid. The Border Post says :— ' Cholera has made its appearance ou the Upper Murray. Miss Graham, of Corowa, died of it on Monday, at:d several othtr persons were reported as ill. The fact cieited a gient sensation in the neighbour ing districts. As, however, we uudersttvnd that all thf. other caofs are doing «cll, we trust the one t'ut levmiBated fatally will prove excep tional.' . . Our Fh'-it 'hop.— The fruit of this district, which ginsral'y ripen nearly a moi.tli later than that grown nearer the seaboard, will be fit to eat much soonar this year than usual. Peaches and apricots, in consequence of the drought, have not attained much size, but plums appear to have.better withstood the adverse influences of the season. There is reason to fear that grapes will suffer materially from the hot winds. Already the leaves which protect the immature fruit from the scorching rays of the sun, ate beginning to shrivel, and untimely exposure will affect the plumpness^ of the berry. Apples and pears are thriving well, and will reach their full development. We have no means of ascer taining the extent of the fruit crop, as compared with last year, but the difference in favour of 1863 must be very considerable. Horticulture in this gold-field, though still in its infancy, has made niuchprogress within the last two or thiee years. The majority of the inhabitants regard the neighbourhood as their permanent home, and many of them have both the taste and the leisure to cultivate fruits flowers. By judicious encouragement the local society may materially foster the production and improvement of both. —Mount Alexander Mail, Jan 8. Destruction of the Lexton Hotel by Fire. — A report, based on good authority, reached us last night, that the Lexton Hotel, L6xton, was destroyed by fire yesterday afternoon, about two o'clock. We trust that the intelligence is with out foundation, but far from the mass of smoke asC3ndiupr in that direction about that hour, 'hat the intelligence is too true. The hotel, which was wholly built of wood, was, perhaps, the finest np the country, its erection and era bellishinenithavinef cost no less than £5,000. It W^B the -pr«pert.y of Mr. Robertson, a squatter near the Maiden Hill, and was rented from him by a Mr. M'SDonald a short time ago. The ori ginal proprie-or was Mr. My'lrea. The cause of the tire is attributed to the grass in the neigh bourhood, which, being i united hv the bnsli tires spread to the building and destroyed it. — Tatbot Leader. 3 an. 9. Lunatics: — Tho hot weather is increasing the number of -iHnatics throughout the colony. At Stanley r«ceotly there was a vT-eelc,wuo whilst insane, burnt down the joss-house in the Chinese camp, assigning as his only reason that it had no business there. The poor fellow was brought up at- the Beeehworth Poliee-couit last week, charged wicfa arsoo, hut was remanded for medi -cal examination. Yesterday he was again brought before the Bench, and, o«i the evidence of Drs. Dempster and Haliett, committed to Melbourne. Whilst Dr. Haliett was questioning him respecting burning the joss-house, he said 'that Christ had ordered him to destroy the joss-house, and that he considered it a standing order to do the same again whenever he had the ch&ace.;' — Ovens Constitution. 