POLICE. j CITY COURT. i ' i SATURDAY, JAN. 10. > r (Bcforo Messrs. Powlett and Elliott.) DRUNKENNESS AND DISORDERLY CONDUCT. Maria Cameron, John Burke, and Thomas Wil- ton were fined 6s. each, and the last named was also ordered to pay 2s. 6d. cab hire ; in default, twenty-four hours' imprisonment. - Charles Johnston, for fighting in the street, was fined i lCs., or forty-eight hours' imprisonment. His opponent in the fight escaped when the police esme up.-Roheit Blair, for furious driving in Elizabeth-street, was fined 40s.; or, in default, three days' imprisonment.-Michael O'Reilly, for drunkenness, and grossly insulting a female at an hotel in Bourke street, by his indecent conduct, was sent to gaol for three months.-James Smith, for using threatening language to Julia Lynch and assaulting Con- stable Dalton with a knife, was sent to gaol for one month's hard Inborn. DESEKTINQ HIRED SERVICE.-JOS. M'Caffcry rnd Alfred Hogan, two journeymen shoe- makers, were charged by one Robbie with deserting horn their hired service. The de- fendants said they had been emplojed upon piecework, but the Bench remanded them to Woodend, where the alleged hired service was entered into. STEALING AND REOEIVINO.- Mary Ann Xawlor and Elina West were charged with stealing £19 from the person of Edmond M'Loughlin, and Thomas Mills und Jane Mills, «ítíwBig Jane, were cbnrgcdwith receiving the same, well knowing the money to have been stolen. The prosecutor stated that ho was a labourer, and had come down from Bal- larat on the previous day. That morning (Saturday), between five und six o'clock, he met the prisoner West, who nsked him to " shout" for her. Took her to some hotel, ind paid for a drink for bei, and afterwards ?«i ent to her house with her, where the pri í oner Lawlor wab asleopon a sofa in the sit tingioom. Passed into another room with "West, and the latter piescntly left the room, when witness took ndvantnge of hér ab- re nee to put his purso under a pillow on tie bed. The purso had in it a £10 note, j' ffi-note, three ül-notcs, and some silvor. West returned to the room, and began to thoko up tho bedclothes, while witness was looking out of the window. Heard her go downstairs in two oi three minutes. Witness went nnd looked under tho pillow for the" purse, but it was gone. Then searched the house to find West, but could not bee her. Saw ConstableMaiks about five minutes after, and told him of the lobbery. Went with him to the house, but no one ii as there except an old woman. Was going away, ivhen the pri- soners West and Lawlor come in with a bottle of drink. The £10-note w itness lost was a red one. Did not know eithci of the prisoners M ills. Constable Murks said he went with the last witness to the house of the prisoner West, where also Lawlor lived with her. The house belonged to the prisoner Jnno Mills. Told West to give the mon his money. She said she had no money of his. She afterwards Baid, "Big Jane's got it" The prisoner Jane Mills went by the name of Big Jane." Went with her to Big Jane's bouse, where the two prisoners Mills were in ted together. West asked Big Jane for some of tho money, but she suid she had not got any of it. Witness told her he had informa- tion she had got the man's money, and she hod better give it up to him. She then said, ".Well, I've only got £4." Witness îcplied, " Tho man has lost £14 or £lfi." The prisoner JancMills then said, " Well, I'll give it tb yon. Marks. I only got £4 and some silvor." The male prison« then snid to her, "I wish you wouldn't bo taking money norn these people." Juno said to witness, "Go inside and I'll give it to you." Witness went to the threshold of tho door, anel noticed her take somi thing from botween Thomns and herself in the bed. She handed ?witness a purse with a £10-note, three ¿1 notes; and tis. 6d. in silver. The purse was identified by the pioi-f cutor. Took West and Lawlor to the watchhouho, and afterwards returned to arrest thetwo MiUbes. When wit- ness said the man had been robbed of £14 or £16, Thomas Millssaid, " theieweie only four notes in it." Henlsosnid, "Look.thcymight be moie than ¡£1 notes." The prisoners weie remanded until Monday. STEAI.W,O mon A DWELLING. - Thoma-i Evans was chaiged with stealing horn the dwelling of Mr. ¡Edwin Jones, an iionmonger, in Gertrude-street, Fitzroy. On the 2ßth De- cember, as the prosecutor stated, he left his house at three o'clock in the afternoon, having locked and fastened the doon., DO one remaining in the house. Returned at about nine o'clock, and noticed a light in tho house, which was being carried about by a man, whoso figuro he observed. Ban back to call for assistance, and ilion went into tho house, when ho found the back door open. Noticed that a pano of glass, in an empty room at the bock of tho house, was broken, and that tho catch had been put on one side, and a-window tlnown open. Went into the bedroom, and found the diawers all open. Missed three oi foui paiis of trousers, and some vests bad gone ; also a brooch and a shawl belonging to iiitnehs's wife. Identified the waistcoat pioduced. Saw the man in the house, but did not notice him particularly. The prisoner was very much like bim. Moss Davis, a pawnbioUcr in Eli/.abeth-street, pioveel that the prisonei ct mo to his shop on the 29th December, and pledged the waistcoat produccdfor2s.Pnsonorgavehisnumeo8 Jones, Stephen-street. Defectivo Williams proved the prisoner's arrest onboard the Balclutha, about to lemo for Otago. Knew him by the name of John Taylor. Tho prisonei was committed ' foi trial. ^STEALING FROM THE PERSON. - Thomas Evans was charged with a second offence, stealing £10 from his employer, Mr. Charle« Wedel, at the Shakspeaie Hotel. Mi. Wedel proved that about the 22nd of December, the Îirisoner was in his employment as " boots :" ic Içft suddenly without giving notice Mai y Haydon, barmaid at tho Shukspc.ire Hotol, stated that on tho 22nd of Deccmbei bho gave the prisoner, who was then emplojed as " boots " at the Shakspeaie, a £10-noto for Jiim to got changed at tho Bank ofAustiob asia. Tiio prisoner nevoi returned to the place. Detective Williams proved his oirest on booid the Balclutha. The Bench com- mitted him for trial on this charge also. STEALING IN A DWELLING.-James Lan renee, n Malay, and Agnes Greaves, a prostitute, living with bim, wcro (.barged with stealing n watch, the property of Cornelius O'Regan. The prosecutor, a dealer, living at 79J, Stephen f-treet.BtatedthatonTlnusdayeveninglast.the male prisoner come to his shop and osked for a drink of water. Witness gave him one, and 1 e asked for anothci, which witness abo sup- plied, leaving the shop each time to go to the back for the watei. Prisoner said somithing y about returning, and went away. After ho uns gone, witness missed the watch. Went sud searched fortho malo prisonei,nndhaving fcund him at his house, asked about the watch, ard the prisoner gove bim the pawn ticket , pioduced. Witness then gave information to Hie police, and had tho two prisoners nnested. 1 he Bench remanded them until Monday. BUSH-FIRES NEAR KILMOBJÍ.-Bush-fires , have been raging nearly all round Kilmore, jrore or lobs, every clay during the pnbt week. ' Many of the squattois' runs havo boen nearly denuded 1 of grass in the ncighbouihood of the Goulburn, on the King Pnnot and Strath Creek- toward the Plenty Ranges, lowaid i : Pyalong, Mount William, &c.; In addition to the grass, a good deal of fencing ''bus been ccnsunicd. The holder of land undei a rési- dence and cultivation licenco hud the whole of his Crop of. giain elcstioyed a day oi two i reo, and many hayo'lost the glass and fences of their paddocks ; upon the whole, >hon ever. Hie farmers hi, the neighbouihood appear to bave escabed, so fal, better than could bnvo ' been expected under the circumstances' Last ' I iicek a former residing at Moiatiding, without having* previously given "notice to lus nojgh- ' bours, set'the stubble in his paddock on fire. '?. and was very nearly being the means of setting . fire to a]l the neighbouring farms, ,We understand that after the neighbours, with i Scry grcat'excrtion, lind put out the fire, they Ïioceededlto tako tho law into their own " anils, and to give tho originatoi of the con- ' flogrntion a good thrashing. Persons cannot* be too cautiouB just now with fire. To-day a ' my fierce fire has' been îaging in tho direc iion of the Boundary,Flat.-.Ktlmorçjipuntntr* < , Jan. 8.' r *" ', , , SUDDEN | DEATH.-WO learn from a cor- respondent' that Mr. William Stnndring,1 en- I gîneer of the Lal Lal WaterwoikB Association, ' while endeavouring to stay the piogiess of a I buBh- firo raging at Mount Doian, fell down, .,' nnd expired in a few minutes.-ballarat Star, l Jan./10. , t ,. , FATAL ACCIDENT.-A most,distiessing fatal j accident occurred yesterday, in Camp-street. 1 It appears that Mr. Gruber, tho undertaker, lind, as a servant giri; an orphan child about ' twelve years of ago, whom he had partly ' adoptcdp and yesterday, whilst ho and the family were out, the poor girl fell down the 's well. Somo'childron raised the alarm, and as * j scon as a rope could be procured Mr, J/ H. Mathews went down tho well and took' tho girl out. She was promptly attended, but'-in ' siiifc of all efforts animation was not ter be jcs'crcd, Ovens Constitution, Jan. v. 