, THE HOME OF THE HOT WlNDS. , I. /From the South AusU alian Register, Ftôruiry 25 J MR. WATERHOUSE, the naturalist, v< ho accompanied Mr. Stuart in his iast expedition, announced in his repcrt that he believed " the cradle of the hot winds" was in that part of South Australia whioh lies between Cherabers's Creek and the northern boundary of the coloay. But the doubtful honour thus conferred upon South Australia is based on very slender grounds. The probability is that we have no right to it, and that the idea of the hot winds being ge lerated, to be occasionally let loose, at a spot not far from Clrambers's Creek, is as unfounded as the Cheery which used to attribute ali winds to the active interference ef a mythological deity who kept breezes, gales, and hurri- canes imprisoned in a mountain until he wanted them cither to serve his friends or to discomfit his.enemies. Mr. Waterhouse observed how barren and waterless were the plains in the country which he speaks of, and how hea'ted the atmosphere became in the fierce lays of a January fun. Such, a place might well de- serve to be designa'ed the home of the hot wiudst But it appears from some statements which are conf taintd in Mr. Earl's book on North Australia that we have to look further than this province for the origin of those fearful blasts which occasionally sweep »ver the colonies, darken tile air with their stilling clouds of dufct, and causing bushfires to leap up in all directions. North-west Australia, it seems, is the country which we must look to for these visitations, and not only w ill they be found to originate there, but, according to Mr. Earl, their periodical severity may be foretold end provided against by an attention to the laws which regulate the windi, of the Indian Ocean. The writer sayB: "When the north-west monsoon is strong, which happens usually at intervals of three 3 ears, it sets in with a fresh breeze and heavy rain squalls, and advances steadily into the interior, thoroughly moistening the surface of the earth, lhere are also grounds for supposing that it drives the heated air before it, thus causing the hot winds which affect all the southern colonies at this season ; for it is certain that the hot winds ia South Australia, New South Wales, and Victoria are most felt when the north-west monsoon is stronger then usual." The important points here mentioned ? ore that the north-west monsoon is more severe than usual every three years, and that it is certain the hot winds in these colonies are unusually strong when the monsoon Is strong. It follows from this that if we knew st what date the last severe gales blew in North Wt st Australia we should be able to tell when an unusual visitation of hot wind's might be expected on this side of the continent. Seasons like those in which our "Black Thursdays" and " Black Mondays " have occurred might be prepared for, whilst provision might be made to mitigate some of their effects. If what Mr. Earl states is correct-and he seems to speak with Eome author.ty-our hot winds area continuation of the monsoons, and may therefore be looked for in great strength at those periods when the triennial gales irom the north-west are blowing on the opposite side of the continent. This is at least _ a matter which deserves investigation. Meteorological obser- vations in North Australia may do much towards ex- plaining the peculiarities ot our own climate ; and in the event of an overland telegraph being established, it is roEsible that we may have the means of forestall- ing many changes of the weather which -now come upon us suddenly. . Mr. Todd, we find, is taking steps to obtain some reliable information as to the meteorology of North Australia, and is ako keeping an accurate record of the directions of the wind throughout the year, as observed in Adelaide. If this had bsen properly done fcr a series of years, some means would have been available for testing the theory of Mr. Earl as to the peiiodicity cf our hot winds. At present we only . know from general experience tliat our very bad sum- mers have occurred at something like regular inter- vals, and so far this seems to confirm Mr. Earl's state- ment. In the Meteorological Report for 18G2, which is now published, there is a table showing the number of times the wind blew from each point of the com 1 pass at different hours of the day. From this return ' it appears that in the summer seaton east winds pre- vail during the night, and south-west wind3 during the day; while in the winter season the north-east is the prevailing wind, except for a few hours in the after- noon, when a sea breeze sets in. With regard to the north wirril, the returns show that 1862 was a very favourable year for those.who dislike b,ot weather. It isthowntbat during tho six months of summer there was a sea breeze in the afternoon on 121 days ia 1S62, and that the wind blew from southerly or cool points on 156 days as -against twenty days when it was from northerly or hot points. These observations, made in Adelaide, which is certainly not the coolest part of South Australia, may undeceive persons who, on the strength cf Mr. Wa'er house's statement, or from other causes, have given the colony the credit of being the home of tha hot winds. During the last year or two these disagree- able visitors have troubled us but very little. Doubt- less they will some day mBke amends for all deficiency in this respect. Butin the meantime, we Ehall gain something if we can become acqusinted with their origin, or can ascertaiu by what laws they are regulated. A very wet winter and spring will, no doubt, of themselves help' to modify the heat of the following summer. But notwithstanding this the statement of Mr. Earl, tint when the monsoons are strong the hot winds are also strong may be quite true. What is wanted for putting this to the test is some accurate information relative to the periodical winds of North Australia. Whenthisis obtained, as wehope it vùllbe before long, ccmpaiison can be made with the winds "which blow on this side of the continent, and the question whether our climate is affected by that of North Australia will then be set at rest. We need hardly say that something more than mere curiosity is involved in this inquiry. It may lead to a knowledge ef important facts which would have a beering on such questions as the cultivation of the soil and the protection of the community from sick- ness. To be " weather wise," in a scientific point of view, isnow-a-áays becoming a necessity in-all parts of the world, and in Australia there are special reasons ?why the subject should not be neglected either by the Government or the people. 