CASTLEMAINE. '?'? -:;:k ''?:?.? Bush Fires and their Cause. — One of the bush \ fires to which reference was made in Monday's '''. issue, as being observable on. Sunday last, was dis . ' covered by the herdsman of the commons to have ? broken out at a spot between the' Bald hill and Ranter's Gully. Mr Place was not on the ground a moment too soon, for he found the fire spreading rapidly; and had it not been for the efficient assist ance he received from Messrs James and Joseph : ' Pall from Pennyweight, who remained with him for CfcWliU AUUl .UiriXlOj UU UD11DVDS JUQ 1« UU1U J-IU/VV 1UL4UU it 'impossible to keep it from extending to Mr Plain's paddocks, and burning up his crops. On his arrival Mr Place found three large trees burn ing at the base, and other two which had been ? similarly treated and had fallen, but were still in a state of ignition. On inquiry it was ascertained that .some Chinamen had set fire to the trees, but finding thot the flames extended over the grass they ran off. It seems that it is customary with our Mongolian fellow colonists to go to the bush on ?'? ' Sundays for the purpose of burning trees to make charcoal, and hence the prevalence of bushfires on the seventh day, which must have been frequently ' remarked. As herdsman of the common, Mr Place will probably take proper means to inform the Chinese population of the district of the illegality of euch practices. — Castlemaine Daily News, Dec. 13. Saturday's M. A. Mail says : — 'We are informed that as tho last down train from Melbourne, on Thursday night, was passing near Kyneton, a bullet was fired into one of the carriages. A pane of glass was broken, and the bullet was afterwards picked up inside the carriage.' Disastrous Piije. — Our Maldon correspondent writes as follows :— ' Yesterday, Mrs Bevan's house, , at Wattle Gully, was completely burned down. It appears that Mrs Bevan had gone out after dinner, leaving a lodger and one of her boys in the house, asleep, they having been at work on a night shift the previous night. They had a most miraculous escape by the window, Mrs Bevan having locked the doors and taken the keysAvith her. . The house was consumed in a few minutes, and not a particle of the furniture saved. — Castlemaine Daily News, December 21. xiui sxuiiipio tsoii uy mo geutiismuu reierieu to in the following paragraph is well worthy of imita tion. We quote from , the M. A. Mail :— ' A party of diggers recontlyobtained permission from tho Ohew ' ton borough council, to work a road-side mining claim adjoining Mr Norman's rosidonco, and they were ? distinctly informed that they must not drive within ton feet of Mr Norman's ground. Tli^y had no intention of infringing this precaution, but, MrNor . man having been given to understand that a lead of gold ran through his premises, voluntarily informed the miners that he had no objection to them follow ing it either mulor his house or garden. The BJinera were (loligUtod with this aot of generosity and they offered Mr Norman a share in the amount of gold obtained ; but he declined to accept any j portion whatever. Mr Norman has secured an in- | dependence chiefly from the earnings of miners, and is wise enough to afford every facility for the ex traction of gold deposits, from the bowels of the earth. It were well if all persons similarly situated were equally alive to tho interests of the working man/' 