THE VOYAGE OF THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN. JOTTINGS ABOUT SYDNEY. (rSOM 00* SPECIAL C0R1ESP03DENT.) SYDNEY. Nov. 16. The steamer South Australian, chartered by the Government at Adelaide to convey the second party of adventurers to the newly founded settlement of Adam Bay, at the month of the Adelaide Biver, North Australia, left the Ballway Pier, fiand ridge, at half-past eight o'clock on the evening of Wednesday last, and arrived at the wharf here on Friday night, alter a pleasant and brisk fifty hours' trip. We steamed np this marvellously bean-1 tlfol bay by moonlight, seeing it, most of as for the first time, certainly not tinder its beet aspect, but etlll preeentlng an appearance which one would not willingly have missed. The multifarious bays and reachm, points, headlands, and inlets of Hie hat boor of Part Jackson, have for long had an wr*-Wj«hmi reputation in the world, and it would be Idle for me to attempt to delineate them. They have caused this port to rank with NaplM and Bio Janeiro, at the bead of sea coast scenery c and I can bnt humbly join in the general ] cborua of acclamation. During my abort stay I have taken the | trips to which every stranger has his atten tion first directed. I have been by water to Manly Beach, and by land to Sonth Head, and have come fairly to envy the 6/dneyites the many natural advantagee which their petition gives them. Manly Beach is a pretty stretch of white sand, just within the Heads, hot on a neck of land so narrow that a walk of five minutes brings one to the far aide, where the shore is washed by the waves of the Booth Pacific. Here are nicks ragged and grotesque enough to be Interesting, and yet pot too formidable for scrambling pur poses—a most refreshing sight for a buslnaa fcurdened people to have within an hour's sail | of the dusty streets. The South Heed, Inde pendently of its own Inherent grandeur, has at- 1 tachedto it the additional Interest arising ont of the wreck of the Dunbar. It Is a magnificent pile of rocks, some 8C0ft.in height. In a trend 1 fanned fbe " Gap," immediately to the sonth of the outermost point, the ill-fated ship U | generally apposed to have struck. This, however, is, I am informed, one of those ] popular errors which ordinarily grow out of a greet catastrophe. The vessel, sailing direot opon destruction, instead of as hhr oaptaln by some extraordinary Infatuation believed, into a port of safety, struck tha rocks jutting oat totbe south of the Gap, and went down. The dead bodies were, however, for days after ward* washed into the Gap, and.deposited npon the table of rock at its base. Tbelight hooset abbot the cliff have since been so arranged as to render a second fatality from the saoo lamentable error next to impos sible. ' The'tptraofSydney, It mustbe.cbnfoseed, I Is epeuewhat disappointing after! (to bay. | Nature he* made tbo one a world's Jfonder, yrhfle artbasby no means exhausted tteelf in I fcodedng the other. The streets ses*n -narrow I and ill-paved to the eye and foot aooostomed to 'the Kelbonrae thoroughfares. They are tonally enwrap* a colpotalfown, pud ( theshopsare fully as good as oneooold rea sonably antioipete. Of oours^ ' etferyone Maringftombran-new Melbourne hither Mrto httfoes too comparatively anciehtlook wfckhtte boom have aamnted. gpUto; W £^^jfwotalh of antiquity ray wfca^oa : this oontlnent, the shade of Captain Cook, not yftatentury in the land ofapirits,ria*a aplu protest jbotstfll antiquity, like everything tlaa, ha*, 1 bwsome, ita debtee* ofoomparisbn, ibiSydjney, compared with Melbourne, ynay UycUjmio a patriarchal character. Than tlte&btaf; ttapot being,oonrtraoted onthe satas recto ago 1 a r phut as Melboom* sdbelt nhfeollottabla to draymen and Other* who look atYsheet timplyfrom toe^fiqpbint ofjtew,tendlto InofeateJte pldjtebrld took. I mwtowp to baring weusomjiwWfajbl-j nahd by this. Washington. Irving, writing' d»ut Cheater, tays that strolling through Its quaint itreels afforded him the seme pleasure as toning over the leaves of a Meek-letter volume. Sydney is far from being a Chester; but the chief points of difference noticeable at a first glance between it and Melbourne are owing to the fact of its bring an older city, and looking in many parte more ancient than it la. Still, there ate numerous fine modem buildings here, as a matter of coarse. The banks are, most of them, substantial and elegant piles. The offices of the Mntnel Pro vident Society, in Pitt-street, present an ele vation which could hardly be rendered mere attractive; the bnlldln; in which the Bgineg Horning Utraldlt produced is a stately structure; and the Roman Catholic cathedral boasts of many architectural beauties. The Museum—not yet completed—will be, ere long, one of the principal of Sydney's street adornments, as 11 Is now its chief scientific Institution. It possesses one of the best ento mological collections to be found anywhere, and bids fair—thanks, I am Inclined to think, greatly to the enthusiasm of its curator, Mr. Kreffte—to surpass in most respects our own Museum, which is for more liberally en dowed. Among the public buildings which I have visited, the Mint possesses for me the greatest j share of novelty and Interest. It la an un assnming looking structure outside, giving no Indication of the wealth concealed—or rather, I should say, not concealed, but lying | open and scattered about—within. Once en tered, however, you come upon gold in every direction. Ton at amble over it in bare, and knock against it In ingots. You see It poured | out like milk from the melting pots, and rolling about the iron groond in golden hop scotches, only waiting to be stamped to be come sovereigns. In one room yon see the great golden bars being rolled out, and drawn, and worried Into ribbons; in another, these ribbons are thrust under an arrangement of steam-punches; and while the circular bits I have spoken of fall down below, the golden ribbon emerges closely resembling a slice of | raw potato arter a lively and persevering school-boy hss made the best use of it j for bis quill popgun. The weighing fol lows the punching, and like It, is accom plished by machinery. The sovereigns (in embryo) glide throngh a hole on to the balance, and, according as they merit, are pitched ont Into a compartment marked "correct," another marked "light," or a j third " heavy." Then they are taken to be | stamped—a process accomplished as quickly as rsilway tickets are printed, and by a not dissimilar machine. Both sides of the sove reign are stamped at once, and afterwards j the glittering coin lie abant in heaps, like ordinary merchandise. The people engaged in making them regard them with the same eye as a nail-maker or button-maker might the proceeds of his handiwork; it is best for their comfort that they should do so. The furnaces at this establishment are equal to melting a ton of gold per diem. I went subsequently Into one of the assay ing houses, which is under the direction of Dr. Libins, and was shown the j process, from its initiation to its finale. The apartments are fitted up with great com- 1 pleteness, bat resemble in their main features the assaying apparatus common at your own banks. In fact, I think the new one recently constructed for the Bank of Victoria by Mr. Carpenter is superior to anything I saw 1 here. Sydney must yield the palm very notice ably to Melbourne in two widely different respects. One has reference to the mind, the j other to the body. It has no public library, and Its restaurants are abominable. There are two very fair subscription libraries— Elliot's, near the Domain, and another form ing part of the School of Arts, or, as it might leas pretentiously be termed, Institution. Still there is, as 1 have said, no llbiary where any man desirous of reading can go and read as he goes to the street fountain and drinks water. The badness of | the restaurants I can only account for by supposing that the clubs, which are nume rous here, monopolise the greater portion of | the class which in Melbourne support the caffs and hotels. And yet this hardly sufficiently explains the mystery, for such restaurants as exist are not ili- snpported. I went with a resident in this city to the principal place here—the Caff Fran esta te dine, and found it crowded. Bat in other respects, what a contrast it presented to that which I had been accustomed to in Melbourne. The rooms are like barracks— not the slightest attempt at decoration —no marks of refinement anywhere. When we solicited the attention of one of the over-worked waiters, we were told In a early voice that we most wait ont torn. When our torn at length came, the food brought to us was cold and uninviting. Alter partaking of my portion of tire mess, I ventured to suggest cheese, but my friend was told in confidence by the waiter that "the cheese was slightly strong." Neverthe less, he brought It, and all I have to say is, that; so for as my opinion may hare weight, I ' thoroughly endorse the sentiment expressed by that waiter. Neatly all the pnblic re freshment-rooms I have seen partake of the character of this one. Refinement and they are sworn enemies. The only exception I hare remarked—but then It must be remem bered my experience has been limited-la to | be found at Tattenall's, where sportsmen and squatters most do congregate-Soott's and the Albion rolled into one. Here the rooms profem a reasonable amount of deoo ration, and the provisions obtainable are in every respect excellent. I have dwelt, it may appear, somewhat unduly on tills mat ter; but I can assure you that, to a rapid, and perhaps superficial, observation. In no one respect do Sydney and Melbourne appear I to differ so widely as In the accommodation j they rwpectively present to the satisfaction of the inner man. Having touched upon the points of dli forenee where Melbourne has the advantage, let me briefly present tire other side of the | picture. In the first place, then, Sydney has a system of sewerage. One can walk through it without finding • soent-boUlo a deride- ! return. It has one "ecent-bottie" which suffices to all—the monstrous one erected by Mr. Mayor Thornton in Hyde-park, and which j carries off the tones from the sewers In one huge stench high to Into the skies, to return no mors to vex the dty. In other Improve ment* affecting health Sydney seems to he active. Some low-lying, muddy ground skirt ing Wooloomooloo Bay has been rsosntiy filled to tiid converted Into a wharf, and be tween the Botanical Gardens arid the water a walkhas been constructed evidently adding considerably to the beauty of that exquisite resort. Thus, in material health at least, I should not be surprised If Sydney hkve riot tee lon g finally the advantage of Its southern competitor. The first bush-fire of the Season In the Ballarat district was visible on Monday even ing. It appeared (says the Star) to be at the foot of Mount Warrenhelp, and to be of small extent. The Maryborough A thxrtittr ob lerves'1A men named Chapel, who tetidfo atBealibs, Wat In i he act of getting Into bed a fewntghts since, when he found a large black snake colled rip »t the footbf It He Immediately sgrang out cgrin, and despatched the rep 