NEW SOUTH WALES. Ben Haix's Gang again at Woek. — News reached Toung on Saturday evening last that Hall, Gilbert, and Dunn had stuck up about 30 men that morning between the Fourteen and Sixteen Mile Rushes, Burrangong. They detained those taken prisoners from daylight until 3 p.m. The bush rangers took no money from any of those stopped, stating that they were waiting to waylay the bank agents, who might be going to Seventeen Mile Rush to puronase goLcu uae wnole attaw vs described as looking more like a picnic than anything else. The bushrangers took matters very easily, and laughed and chatted with their prisoners as if bent on making the time pass as joyously as possible. One of those detained had a supply of bread in his charge, and another a quantity of butter, both of which were appropriated to appease the appetites of those present. A third capture was that of a news-vender, and the three highwaymen availed themselves of the chance to obtain the most recent intelligence, and they all three laid down on the grass and read over the papers. About 3 p.m. one of those kepi pri soner, a boy, succeeded in making his escape, and a* soon as it was discovered that be had absconded the bushrangers permitted their other captives to depart. One of them (supposed to be Dunn) exchanged bridles with one of the prisoners, and this and the appropriation of the bread and butter was the only thing aone iu the way of robbery or barter. — Yass Courier. COlQEEECIAl, Bivebina.— The Riverine Herald of the 17th says : — ' The following have crossed since our last : — Wednesday — 184 head of fat cattle, Gwynne, Edward River. Friday — 44 head of fet cattle, Jenkins, Mur rumbidgee. A flock of about 3,000 fat sheep belong ing to Mr. Hugh Glass, from the Billabong, wUl cross the river to-morrow (Saturday) morning. Forty rams, belonging to Mr. Learmonth, crossed the river to-day for his station at Moulamein.' Dentliqttin. — The Deniliquin Chronicle of the 16th inst. says : — 'Iu fat cattle, the following mobs have gone down during the current week :— On Tues day, 400, Jenkins ; and to-day, 269, Kirk & Golds borough's ; and 487, Keighran's. In fat sheep we have had three flocks — on Saturday, 5,000, GIbsb's ; onMon doy, 1,740, Morgan's ; and on Wednesday, 2,100, Downie's. On Monday, 580 store cattle (Smith's) crossed the river. On Tuesday, Mr. Collongh's (of Powers, Rutherford, & Co.) auction sale of store cattle took place in the yards, and 569 head were sold to Mr. H. Ricketson, of Barrata, at £2 15s. — equal to cash. Mr. Taylor has also sold 100 head to Mr. Dickson, of Cooroonboon, at a satisfactory figure. Inquiries are frequent for this description of stock, and although one or two mobs are reported as being on the road hither, as a supply, they will be totally inadequate. During the week 4,000 sheep have been sold by the owner of Warbreccan station to Mr. Macfarlane, of Baroga. The prioe has not transpired. Bush-fires have been numerous, and although in one or two places fences have run con siderable risk, care and watchfulness appear hitherto to have successfully warded off serious disaster. The Edward is rapidly approaching its summer level, and the hot weather has been pleasantly broken by a day's rain.' 