= _ .. . . . . . . . . . . . . .. HOME AND FOREIGN EXTRACTS. maurACbTURE OF. CoMlaio SUGAR.-The use of lime in the procesas of clarifying eane juice has for its object the separation of mostl of thoestra?eou matte rs from the sugar in solution, whieh impurities combine with the lime in an insoluble state. But the separa tion, to be complete, neceoitatos an rexoess of lime, wlhicl .espees remois in a clarified juice. True, to make a good: elarifl8~ tn-that is, to purify s much as possible by means of lime, so an to obtaina transpa rent liquor-lime must be uised to excess; the pectime, the moted, the proteiqte matter, which in the cane juice form with the lime combinations so much the more insoluble in the juice as they are basic, i. c., com bined with more lime. In a neutral or acid juice some of those matters remain in solution, hut they will diminish in proportion to the quantity of lime left free aiter the clarifcleation. This excess of lime is without action on thie ervatallihable sugar, whilst on gluose or unerystollsoble sugar it is most energetic. Under the double inlluence-f lime and the high temperature at which the elaiification is performed, the cryetallisable nogtm is destiybd, and is transformed into an acid which combines itself with the lime and produces a dark red and even a black hue, when this kind of sugar and the lime are in suficient quantities in the juice; it is for this reason that the more lime used in the ala?i8. cation the more the defecasted juice is dieolourea d; and it is on .this sooount, also, thatin practice as little lime as psuible n employed in the defecation. But by putting an inesu8icient dose of lime at the defecation, aother inoonrenience is met with-the liquor-being foul, the sugar beeomes clammy, without grain, and cores badly, ritaining much molasses. Thus the sugar m nnfactmprer finds himelf plased between two dangers, the one, plting too littlt lime at the defeostion to avoid .?eooiodrag, snd "thereby obtain sugars ofa li? secharimoutiel grade the other to put too much lime, whieh colours ie juice, produce better cryaltai but of an inficor tint. This strong celour produced by theexeeas of limenincreases with the high tempera. ture daring the ooncentratien, brit, "by passig solo lions of sugar through grnulated animal eheroal, the whole cojour is dinarged, and not only the colouir but the wvhole f t1e mueilageand other impluities, and the snugar is made pure; sugar as black as the darkest port wine, can be mde gwese as.water." Geanuated nda c o4stie o sno cessful in the lEuopean sugar. houses, hua cot been genernlly adopted in the sugar colonies, uportable water for washing and fuel for re bursting t~jaosl a re very eearce in the tropi. Messn?.Lep. ay an Cuimncier have sought toremedy this deflet by emploging an agent requiring neither fuel nor wpter, possessing te samse pmperties se gra. ,lated.i chsanl ,int so energetia to need ver small dose, which make it ineopensie. This nee seputhaus not, like the" acids, any decomposing sation on time, ot?hewise it would libertethe organic mat ters cmbine. with the lime during the afleatlen. -Apke?Lwi&h; pooceded animal Ehareoal the new pr.o duct bee repired.the name of YSurphospheged blnek." The action of this absorbent is twenty-fre to thirty times mace power.l than reburned ehroosal. The npid i~con which it exeOines on the defeeaoted juice stopi immediately-the detcentive power of the lime, and peslucaaa sugar well purified with held crynala, dr hard, l l4 y reed trom the mother liquor, which sAimage being cbailad yields ~ooeasirely a second and a third produet, known in the sug market so syrup .apr': The sscoharimetsical grade of the Ant product S b-geetsreo a land 965 degree while pure, 'white stoadengersted 100, Being no longer a raw but r sg? l r,at does not disslre during its tcanhlflo~sriope. This improved- sngaancaneneemdi with tlh o1"plhat of? W est Indian cugso-hoise, namely thb*bpperw?ll, a train of kettles over a maked re, only'tLpr sextra utensil occupying dve feet by ten artsprelles. The.~snerphosphated bladk is nsed at the rate oftwo.pounds for every hundred imperial gal. lons of .e e-juice. The residue resulting from thin trfiamnt, mied up with the solid part of the scum, contitutes samoellcut manure, which contains avery large portion of phospiste of lime, and under a form suitable for.plants, partioularly for the sugar- oane.- ,iserptl Albino. A somewhat remarkable piltre is now exhibiting in the Scandinavian Gallry, in the Haynmarket. It i isthe rpresenttion of a terrible episode min the annals of the olosy of Victoria-the great bush-fire of Thursday, 8th Vebriary, 1851. Mr. William Howitt contributed an aeeout of the fearful disaster to Heoehekd Werds, and. pmrbably many of thle randers of that periodical *till remember the thrilling mnarrative. The Melbourne peapapers ot the limo deBseihe the fre as extenaing over an immense district. One writer ays he rode for afty miles with fire raging on each side of his route. atees describe the Bight of the terror-stricken birds, the kognroos, and the domestic cattle and horses. Fur out at mea the intense bestues feltsnd weeried birds lldeud on the deoks of coasting vessels. The settlers lost all their property, and many a esly spd with their lives: probably many perished.. There were ausen suchl as nose hat dbwers in emote and wild ands can conseive. No resosoe but sudden flight-a race with flai. To halt was to die; and when the lames hAsd tpnt their fury, the spots which a few hour before wrS'Ik livated settlements, were blackened patehes, litted with smoky ruins and the soorched aceson of sheit and sheep which had formed the aguntfte ?ailth. Mr. W. Strutt, who long resided in M. iscbsid as familiar with every aspect ofeolodls li e stas dertaken to represent some ef the apt g qsssp d Le thqgres eatsatsupthe1 endhis worLks now ouris in the Scandinavian Gallery--rsather out of place maon;t.ics pietures by foreign mtits. Had it won slesMon into tiee Royal Academy, Itwould, we belebre, lave attracted attention, by th expresseion of the fgures, more by the nppallng terest ofthe sub jestthe eemneptses of the attempt to'depict it, and the r? of its localelements. flepicturepresents the. fight of?milies o colonists from the advanoine flame. One rman es eie before him-on an sdliglei bors&e;, hich, with distended nostrl end bloodshot eye, ungesa adly fcornard- hia wife, and is eloselyfolo wed a native 'stoeknm , wbo bears a child behind him. ulloekdreys .laden with women and children are crowd.m into dire eonfasion. The wretchled beasts, with .tror,.ev ured on by the long etoekwleips -tbsexd.i?d drirers. Some have fallen on the road, and u -ila the aen goad them to rise-themselves ovar. sine wilth.e terror whichl has made the osen unmsn geabl--. wrethe. d families in the waggens gae heek, pselyt with fear, on the lnrid eondc behind. Wome? ?a foot are drsggig clildreu along thi sogged oad. naL tsepled upon by the confused throng of ugitive o? en and sheep, panting witle thirst and fear, plunge oveur eachother, or fall and are trodden under foot by the swift adtance. On one side is a troop oi onaes, broken loose, or mercifully relased to try the elanec of flight, leajeing with log bounds tosape the f?x?n that their instinct tellethem arehasing them to the deth; and on the other are terried kangaroos, tlen" strnge forme sen dimly thug the cot mt. Fueks of. eaffBighted birds-cranes, beght-plumaed prserlsme"'ntivre ompeilenou the laug esgdjlak sas"--re winging through the air, end some, failing of wing fie 1ifng ?efd in the sfopreguned of tes pioture T'la~ui 'c~n throee appeare to be advaneing ti w?Wrdslhapeettoa. In the foreground are the frug mese f f ?broke dray and the skeletons of oxen, the .eis. of.ene feoemer thraele on the dreary roads and en %he vil ofthe pictune the frs tras e of an encampaent, which has been duserted, the tent blown aanyd thes few asticles of bouseleheold comfort ex .ased.. in s e vetry track of be fugitives, are Sboms and blankets, the child's dpll even, and the auieag parotin the cage, which it was fondly lhoped would be amoigst lthe domestic goods'and ornaments of ?thes onew home in the far settlement. All deserted; all soon. to be tssmpled by the crowd almost mad in the agny of extreme fear; all to be consumed by the ovreasuseritg ssames. A chief merit of the uerorma e lie s i its fdelity to the aspeetolfeolonisal life. The red bir? and cabbage-tree hate of the equatters, the ,oeeonesaly noed round the horses' necks, thie yokes of the.dys, the kangaroos, the birds, are all faitfnul copies.from the or4iuals. The proper destination of this, to the Australans, really historic picture, is the colony itself, where it should be preserved in any pub li .oolleetion a a memorial of a terrible incident in eolonis anuals. As a glimpse of the visiations that befal our k1ith and kin ebroad, it possesses for us an in Icest itdpendent of its pietorial elims.-fDeptenh. Anraa?m c Din GCaar WxsaN RItlWAy.--Th e Lademiitalo energy of Mr. Jas. M'Henry bce enabled hinm within the short period of fouryesars to oomplete this important line of railway which connects the Misisaippi witlc New York. It must always be the main artery of the uoentry. It will do more to develop tlse reasourees of the Wester States than any other event Whelh could have been brought about in 4mer?ica. The line of country ooeupied by this rail way is boe that ensures it against any opposition, whi?st is evident thai numerous other branch ral wa.s moat prinqg up in conneetion with it. Tihe Ataanai and Grpat Western ias istelf made 172 miles of bsueh rlwr'ays. The railway is far removed from the seat of wae, and the report shows a very steed increse on its returmst. But no doubt it will profit largely by tlb restoration of peace, wrhether a sopara tho takes plooe betweeoo the orthl and South or not. THE M~IITEEIAL CBIIS.--Th- e "iers says it W55 the wish of her Majesty's Ministers to meet Mr. Dis raeli's resolution with a decided negative; but Mr. Kinglake unexpectedly occupied the ground with a new issue. There were thus, therefore, two distinct questions before the House, and between them it was pebable some members might be purzled. Mr. King. lake was accordingly urged to wnthdraw his amena moeut, in order to leave the Government the exclusive command of thie reply to be made to Mr. Disrscli Mr. Kinglake, however, stood by his resolution, and would not give way. If, then, a confusion of argument and perhaps some division of forces were to be avoided, the only course left was to accept Mr. Kinglake's resso lution, and do battle upon it alone. ToE RIPENNG or ToE DAhIsH Pai.--Whoen Russia so quietly permitted the German Powers to tear up the treaty of London, and intinated to the Conference that the Dano-German dispute was no affair of hers, she might have gained credit for a policy of non-intervention but for the fact that the arrange ment of 1852 was made at her instance, and that she did interfere, and allowed Sweden to interfere, in 1848. The polisy of Russisa. never cha?gesm and we may be sure that, whatever aim she had when she sent her fleet to lst 'to support a Swedish demonstration in favour of Denmark, or devised a treaty that brought her nearer to the reversion of the Danish throne, she has the same aim still. Every step that has been taklen for the purpose of solving the Slesvig- Holstein question has tended to bring nearer the accomplish ment of that aim. By the renuneiation of her pre tended claims upon portions of the two Duchies she provided for the integrity of the Danish monarchy, thereby ecouing the reversion of the whole, instead of apart, on the extinction of the Glueksbuig line.. By the Treaty of London she obtained the sanction of Europe to an arrangement which, by excluding a. num ber of possible hens to the throne, left oply King Christian and his sone between the tsar and the Danish crown. By the Prunssian invasion of Denmark she procured the repudiation of her own work, and, by withkolding the aid given in 1848, prepared the way for anarchy at Copenhagen. . With Jutland and the Duchies in the possession of the enemy, and nothing to hope from the neutral Powers, Denmark is at the mercy of the Holy Allianice. KinHg Christian will be driven from the throne by the Prusssane and Austrians if he resists, by the Danes if he does not. But he must do something, and we cannot be. surprised at his endeavouring to arrange terms of peace at Berlin. It is said that he hai offered to carry Denmark bodily into the German Confederation, and that Prussia will not listen to an arrangement that gives her nohliang for the cost of the war. She,demands the ceseion of Holstein and South Slearig, the siurrender of the Danish. Ileet, and the payment of eleven millions as an indemnity. It is rumousrd that King Christian has ao?eded to these monstrous terms, and that the rumour has eresateda bad fesling towards him on the pert of his Danish usbjecs. All this s-t present but smouar but what is known invents the report with an aspeat of feasihbility. That negotiations for peace aore in progress is certain, and the dismissal of the Monrd MMinitry, to make ay for the reationary?. rt of ,Count Blnhme and Count Moltke-Nuteha1ilthe lattera Holsteiner, is signifeant and ominous. The change is anything but satisfactory to the Danes, who weaold rather lit the Dubhies go, and even merge the separate existene of the nation in a Scsndinavian union, than 'sink into, dependence upon Butessia. Neither aitey?a tive accords with the views of Ruosia. She will not allow Germany to dismember Denmark, for that would prevent the realization of her own aims; nor will she, on the other hand, permit Sweden to strengthen her self by absorbing Denmark. But so far as the eo. aion of the Dsichiee to Prussia, or the admission of Denmark nlute the German Confederation, on account of the kingdom as wel as of Holstein, is concerned, essia has no need to troubleherself. France will not consent to either the aggrandisement of Russia, or the converslon of Germany sutos naval power; and Bussia has, the?refore, nothing ljo o at present but to watch the game. The only more she has made hitherto weas to transfer the claime she renounced in 1851 to the Grand Duke of Oldenbmug, who has, since the rupudia tion of the Treaty of London by tne QOersnu Powers, preferred sa claim to the Ducal tlhnse of Holetein and lesrig. It must be remembered thst, in tho protocol arsaww, it was expressly provided that, as tihe Russian renunciation was made to secure the integrity of the Danish monarchy. the Caar's claims would revive in tihe event of the arrangement nat being carried t out; indh the ransfer wa made in virtue of such revival consequent on the failure of the London Treaty. The claim of the Grand Duke of Oldenbnrg to the Duchies hlas been followed by that of Prince Charles of Hesse.to Denmark, on the ground that his renuncintion has been rendered of no effeot by the fail. ure of the arrangement which it was intended to facili tate. What more is there wanted to produce a state of inextricable confusion ? King Christian's title rests only upon thie tern and repudiated Treaty of London. By the conquest of the islands, or by revolution at Copenhagen, it will soon be necessary to provide a successor to him. Whose claims will compare, in point of political expediency, with those of the Duke of Oldenburg P He is the proteg of EnRussi, and has territory to give, by way of compensation, to Bussia, whish the other two candidates have not. The Holy Alliance would be too strong for the smaller States of the Confederation, and the integrity of the Danish asnamrelhy would be made toappearas puflcientinduee ment to recognise the lecum tese. of Bnssia as its heisd. Without t5es loss of a man, or the expenditure of a sidqgle rouble, the Czar will thus pluck the pear that is ow fa t ripening for him.-Altion. Tea EPEsmveVne sS on TE AaB P.-.What is seemed by influantial oonnetions to some comes by the wheel of fortune to a few more, espeoially, of course, amid the brisk rotation wdih a war imparts to it. And Iers the soldier's may become a profession of great prices for a few~-the few wtho possess merit, and whose merit Sads opportunities ofdisplaying itaself and being rsongaised, and who are left from among the victims of disease, or shipwreek, or wounds. And this remoteand doubtful contingensy is whet damles the eyes of many persons who heve no peculiar penetration as regaends the chances of life. Perilon?s and dubious as the proepet i, these conditions make it only more oemnspienone, and enhane its fascinations. It is the old story of the one prise amid many blanks 1 the moreenumerous they are who misse the price, the more ofadmiration is lairshed on the lucky dog who draws it. But to the many who enjoy no leverage of powerful friends, and whom no suech luck befall, the army, as a professional subsist. ece, is a mre il'lusion. It is impossible,.in all the stages of human life, to suhebsist upon jay. The ensign cannot pay his way. The captain eanot marry, unss it ?be a lady whoes attracetons me of anbatial and permanent character, that of a "agood round d?glr'"-st her benke's. The causes of this arsobriou, but the extent to which they are removable is very doubtful. Yet it seems certain that the fact that expenses must outrun resources derivable from the paymaster is not so enerally accepted by parents of limited income with a. aee progeny of "ne"' sons. The pay, whlich beginas t between£90 and £100 a year, cannot afford a dinner at Is. per diem, and an annual outlay of hardly les, by the closest screwing, than £20 a year for regimhnentale only. But the necessary regulation expessa, including mass and band subscriptisns, are far from constituting the largest items in the sehedule of a subaltern's liabilities. It is of no use looking at the letter ofregu ltions unless we take into view the traditions of the ?seportie, and the spirit which has actuasted suecessive genertaions of oisoesa and "gentlemen." Tile l?st erepressive e8r does a good deal to illstrate the qnestion on itse social side. It suggests that there is always a tacit and, in many of its relations an exprees oenneetion between the ofeering of the army and the aristocracy of the country. Whatever may be thought of the advanue of the upper middle class, and however numerous the cadets from sunch houses who hold her MaJesty's commissions, it seems certain that on matters of etiqu'.te, of ten, and of taste in thodse adjunctge of life which arise spontaneously from a certain sonial position, they either receive and do not give the tone, or, so far as they influence in, they do so in the direetion of enpeniivenees. The Noeasea riche who springs into society from tie till, the counting-hnouse, or the factory, knImows what is expected of hiim; and, if cold looks are chown, and a grudging admission is conceded to hina when -ho finge his money ln people's faces, he yet knows that those adverse oonditions will be relaed for his son, and takes his measure sccordingly. To suoh a one a son nad suessor is at once a means of ahowig wealth and something more-a means of the family's emerging from a lower into a higher position and con naections. A son at Eton, and afterwards in s cavlry regiment, answers thie same end as a close carriage, a stall at the Opera, a stud of horses, or a cellar replete with neotareous vintages. He is a lining proof that money exists and isbeing spent freely. But he also is pledge taken from fortune for thle further social advances of the family. In him the family tree is no longer the biggest eabbage yet raised from the dirty mould ; it becomes a goodly standard, bearing golden fruit, er aura raor exr ouro poea. Let us suppose that suech a prodigal father--fur it is not of prodigal sons that our economio homily discourseas-hias yet a grain of sense which belannes his pile of nuggite or "plume;' and wishes to give the young fellow a profesions which will offer inducements against his proving a mere vapid voluptuary. He will in that case select-probably an infantry regiment, but will not certainly abridge the youth's allowance, or dishonour his bills out of consideration .(or the les lavish sacale of expenditure in that branch of the service. The young fellow will fling his money fast and furiously, and will tend to raise the itandasrd of expensiveness for his fellowsa and, unless the lieut.-colonel be a Lyoorgue, and the major a Rhadamanthus, it must be a strange regiment which two or three suoh men will not make too rapid for any but themselves to keep pace withl without ruin. The great advance of the middle class in material wealth is a priuncipal cause, therefore, of the expensiveness of the army.-Soalrday Ralieas. Eseona TO AoKE?nrcA.-One veasel,the Benjamio Adams, of Liverpool, brought 680 pessmengers, of whom 10t marehed from the landing-plnce to tie recruiting offoe in a body, and reseived the first instalment of the £100 sterling, orthereabouts, which itle Federal Govern. ment and the munnicipality offe toeany sturdy profoeientin the use of the shillelagh who will exchange that instrn meet for the musket. One of the passengerestated that there were Federal reeruiting-ofers on board, who commenced their lahbont among the paesengers as soon as the ship left the Merspy. ThIese men muat have driven a very ueratiee tride, for they not only received the 20 dollars "hand moneyl" offered by the Goeren. ment for each rolunteer, but levied a tax upon the recruit himself, varying in amount with thle credulity, or what is here telled the "equeereability," of the individual. To pick up 2180 dollars in one trip acros the Atlantic is soplessant as well as sorapid a mode of money making, that as long as the Federal Government requires soldiers, and the Irish are willing to volunteer, It is not likely to be abandoned by the enterprising Yankees who are sent by the.Federal Government to Ireland to seenre "labourers for the construotion of railways," whicih labounrers, being free men, every one of them may-however much the Britishl Government may object-ehange their minds, forego the spade, and don the uniform, even before they arrive in the land of their aidoption.' Buit if the legal fotion that a British ship is to all intents ahd purposee British territory be aeorepted, it is quite alter that the British Government might just ds well permit the establishment of Federal recrulting ofliees in the streets of Cork or Dublin as on board of Liverpidl ships. The temptatia to the poor Irish is enormous; £100 sterling-though Patrick may be, and probably is, defSranded of mors than one-half of it, rand sells his life for the other- is a sum greater than he ever imagined to be hbi, even in his wildsst dreamss, and the possession o a tithe of which ery genersally barns a hole in hispooeket. To buy himself a wateoh,or a gold ehain, is his . first thought inmost inhtanees, though thenew reernitin the bnoyant, rollicking, and unfamiliar senase of wealth and independenoe, not unfrequently expends his superabnuodantgreenbeksk in a very different manner, and mushes oftto purchase-what does the gentle reader imagine? A new.aultol clothes? By o means. A ride in .a gnmd carrisge, or a dinner At Delmonico'sl Not at all. He has his own ideas of aplendour end riioemey, ad toratify them he buys himself a pair ofpatent betherhuotel To wear thee instead of the bges and o:lodted ahoon of the Emerald Isle, and to loorlike a "rale gintleman"-in the feet,' ifnot in the (ee-is the object of his ambition, and he pays his I1 dollars for a pair with:as muoh contempt of expense as if the dirty dollairs were so many British forthing. They oramp his fi"t it i true, and nender waking sneomfortable to him and ludioros to the apeetator. But what matters? 'Let as eat and drink, for to morrow we di' Lt us w.ear patent leather boot's for once in ourl(4-eveo if we me killedin battle to-morrows and require boel s mors.-Ameriean soespendnee of The Times. DEPrIeru or winF GE@ E DBiane PaOu' Hx M.assa.-It is not improbable that the port of Liver pool has seen the last of the Great Eastern. A fe-i minutes before noon, on Saturday, she left her moorings in the Bloyne, and steamed down the river on her passage to the Thames, where, it is understood, she will take on board the Atlantic cable, now manufactur ing by Meera. Glass, Elliott, and Company, for the tlantis Teiegeaph Company. The large number of speetators tho had assembled on the George's and Prince's Piers testified to thle feet that tile interest felt in the fortune of the big ship has by no means dimin ished. As e.he passnned the landing-stage she fired a salute. She went very elowly down the river, thesorew only being in operation, and as it is not intended to use the paddles at alt in taking her round, the paddle floats were.taken offon Triday afternoon, in order to diminish the presuro on the screw, and prevent her speed from being retarded. The object in eaving the mrser upwards of two hours before high water was to arrive at the bar at the top of the tide, about half- past two n'clock. The Great Eastern has for some time been shipping a cargo of coalo, and we naderstand that she leaves the Mersey with upwards of 8,000 tons on boarnd, which will, no doubt, be amply sufficient to serve her purpose whilst crossing the Atlantic on her interesting mssion.--Albion, July 11. ToE ErPoBToD SEa boaHT IN Trn OEANEL.-A Southampton correspondent say: "The origin of the reported sea fight off Jersey Ihas now ben asertained. A party of friends wan made up last Wednesday, at St. Heor's, Jersey, for n lad exoursion round the island. One of the numbet, however, ultimately denlined to go. When the excrsionists resohed Gorey, they Joooaely sent him a telegram stating that he hadlost a gret treat by remaining behind, a they had witnessed amsgnifioent fight between 's KeosMarge and Florida. They added that the Kearerge was beaten and had sought shelter in Gorey, and that the Florida was off the Miniques, wait ing to renew the contest. This telegram was shown to two or three poersons, and the engineer of the steamer Wonder head one of them speak about it just as the vessel was lntving for Bouthampton on Wednesday even ing. When he mentioned the eireumstanseon board the Wonder some of thels more imagiative passengers a eton fancied they lhad hleard distant firing during thle day." AraoroUB A tea.ur trPOur IDyt Rteen Gntanow. -At e late hour on the evening of Baturday last, a most brutal assault was perpetrated on the person of a young lady, at Broomielonn, or Sandyhole, a piece of common lying at the baek of Cesenock Nursery, Govanuroad. From the information we have received, it appears that between ten and eleven o'clock on the evening in question, Miss Margaret Addlie, a young lady, moving in most respcctable esolety, and residing at Weymouth-terrace, Paisley-road, was returning from Govan, whither she had accompanied a friend. While passing the common she was met by an Irish. man, who acosted her; she pansed on, but the man endeavmourned to inteept hier, and tried to catch hold of her, she meanwhile, putting forth her utmost efforts to esecape him. Ultimately, however, the sasailant sueo ceeded in seizing her. She screamed as loud as she could, and endeavoured to force herself from his grasp, hut she failed, and the raian, finding that abshe was determined to escape, struck her on the face and knocked her to the ground; repeating the blows when ever she screamed, and telling her to hold her tongue. Miss Addie, as may be supposed, Iwas not able to oon* tinue the atruggle with her brutal assailant, who at last succeeded is dragging her into a field of corn on the lands of eathetryaUlL Here the scoundrel at. tempted to.eommit a criminal assault upon the person of his victim, who struggled fearfully to prevent the execution of his intention. Shortly afterwards, while Mr.Thomas Learmouth, firmer, Middleton, and another gentleman, a friend of his, from Edinburgh, were pro. ceeding along East Loon-road, they met a woman and a boy, who told them to go down the road as quick as olblo, and rescue a womnan who was being abused ba men. They harried towards the place mentioned, when their attention was attracted to the field by hearing groans. They rushed to the spot thus indi cated and found the man struggling with his prostrate victim. Mr. .Learmoutl immediately seied the man and held him fast. While Mr. Learmoutha was leading him down the road he attacked that gentleman, struek at him and kicked him, and endeavoured to make his escape. Mr. Learmouta struggled manfully with the fellow, and ultimately threw him to the ground and held him fast till the county police made their appear ane, when he was conveyed to the polieo-offiee. He gave his name as Michael M~Glinhey, labourer, re. aiding at No. 12, Vietoria-street, Govan. On being examined, hIis clothe were covered with blood. Mean while, the lady had been assisted to her resideune by two gentlemen frn m Ibroxholm, and was speedily at tended to by Dras. Sinith and Fraser. The doctors found that Mis Addie had been subjected to tile most cruel treatment, and had received shockL ing juries. Her faose was a mass of wounds and bruises. Thore was acut upon the forehead, in a line with the nose three inches in lengthl, the bridge of her nose was fras tured and the upper lip was cut through in two placen. The doctors dressed the wounds, but the unfortunate lady was so weak that they were doubtful whether she would survive, and recommended that her deposition should be tahen. Sergeant Gunn, of the county pollee, accordingly lost no time in informing the authorities of tlhe matter; and on Sunday morning, Sheriff Bell and Mr. Gemmol, the proomator-fiseal, proceeded to the residence of Miss Addie, and took her deposilion. We understand ltht Miss Addie, though still eonsioles, lies in a highly prerarious condition.-Seos?unm. Ten NEW D seIBR MnemreT.-The Poet,in a short leader on the Danish Question;, says :-"' The King has dismissed his Ministry, he has summoned sareactionary nobleman to takethbeseals of'offles, and he huradl. patched a brother to Berlin and OCarlbad. Thisameans, f it means anything, that the King backed probably by no insignifleant party, seeks for termeof peas pn the bsis of the admnsslon of Denmark in its potirety into theGermanic Confederation. Denmark would then become the German naval power, furniashing not only her whole resourees, but giving her harbours and arsenals for Federal objects. For this projeet there is, however, one great obhtale, France forbids it, and the power whIhb has hitherto shown no sign of moving, intimates that this movement would be suffilcient to bring her forces into sctivity. On the other hand the other refuge of the Danes--the uniting themoelvt& to Scandinavia is imperatively opposed by Russia. The Danish Question, so far from being settled, is only demonstrating its many diftenlties." A letter in the Times informs the publie of a new " work of mercy" undertaken by a sisterhood of Angli can ladies in the City-mrad.' They have opened a " lying;in ward" for fallen women, snd a laundry to give that class employment, and placed a oradle in the poreh of their hose for babies deserted by their mothers. This effort they believe will tend to diminish the panties of child-murder, which is nearly as common in Luondon as in China. A N? ?R M DnCesBs CocnO .-Mr. Woodard and his friends-we mean the Provost and Fellows of ft. Nicholas College-are the men to be stimulated by dificulties. They have bought a noble site neatr B combe, in Sussex, in that beautiful weald country over which the Brighton Railway passes before it touches the Downs. And here they are now actually at work, raising ?a school for no fewer than one thousand boys poor boye, artisans' boys, hoplkespers' boys-who are to be beoarded and lodged for fifteen pounds a year at whatis relya'lpubic hool, taught by college men, with all the associations and enprit de c?rlps of the old public schools of EKgland. This school for a thoand boys is to be callbd St. Saviour's School, and, the bsdt stone of it was laid on Tuesday by the President of the Council, and under thie auspices of the veteran:leader of popular education, Lord Brougham himself, sup ported by the Bishop of the diocese. All this marks an epoch in education. The shbeme itselfis well con eeived; its fomundations are laid deep in a knowledge of human nature; in embodies great old ideas which hare atood the test of mqerienee. Thepe is no reason why every county (or. if Wouda preers it, every diocese) should not have tie St. Nichola College--its lancing, its Hurstpierpoint, and itea Balombe.-Sturdoy Reviese. Frons' arWl iI A LORD AND a BUTLBe.-O?n Tuesday night Lord 'Abisger, ow returning home, found his muthets butler (a married man) intoxicated, and that he had brought a woman into the house. His lordship ordered them both off The butler resisted, andaspoke abseirely of his lordship's mother. His lordship seied the man to turn-.him out, when a fight ensued, and the butler was knocked down. His lordship then walked upsetairs to his room. He was proceeding to wash himself when the butler entered the room and aiL, "!I have got y both now I'l do fol you, and I'll kill her ladyship." His lord ship was not then prpared for fighting. The btler struck hIim on the 4f4 and gave hima bslak eye. Lord Abinge structk hi3 gin. The butler used very diigustrig language towards Iady Abinger, and his lordship endeavourel to draw his frm the room, as she could have heard every word in theadjoining room. He afterwards went out for a onutable and gave the bsutler '.in r ga At the Hammersmith poliee-o'lsr on iidsy, thes butler was fned St Albion. . A Woxar win ?fl Hussa~sa.-At the qi;po port Police-Court, Mary JaneSharp, a respetable.* oking middle.aged woman, was chargedl w4l feloniously isten.arr?ing with WilliamnHenry lthe, field, William Collings, John Smith, and Walte Werring, at the lnoe time being the lawfl wife of Richard Shrp, "o'1s still alise. Mr. ?Euastlike, Admiralty agent, ".naeeutad, and Mr. Bundle defended. In opening the ecase Mr. Eastlake stated the several charges of pol?my, and observed that another charge was preer, ast the prisoer of having presented a false petition claiming the effects of William Collings, deceased, the third man whom she married, as his lawful wife, which had led to inqu~iry and the present exposure, another woman dalming, alike relation. Numerous witnesses were examined with reqpect to the eharges of polygamy, but the other charge was not gone into, being ad?journed until Friday. The Bench committed the prisoner for trial at the next Assizes upon each of tlhe four charges of i~olygamy. Bail was accepted. It appears that all the Ave men with whom she married were seamen. A ScsaIstc Wsa..--King William' of Wi emnberg tas left a rather eurious will. " lHaving hated ceremony all my life," he says in one of the seven brief paragraphs of whIch the decument consists, "I will not lie in state after death, and be gaped st by sightseers and the lovers. of etiquette. I beg pardon of idlers for robbing them of a capital opportunity of leaking at vain and unmeaning eemonlen . My corpse is to 'be buried in the presence only of my ehaplain, my chamberlain, ad the adjrtant du jour. My guard will do me the favour to supply an escont for the eo8n on its wiy to Rotbenbmerg. The funeral ear is to Ivoe the Palace at alght, to arrive at Rotheuberg with the rstl rays of the sun, A single guq i to be fired at the termination of the funeral. Lord Breug·ham has incited the House of'art s to iainer at the Cooking Depot in the Net-ett. He has been there hisuaself, and veaoes e the quality of beet, p and potatoes, for foerpae, and a bsi'ot asup, hter than which their lordsbips never had at heir own" tables, for peuny.t-Liooesp l AbIeo. 'The arinoline is fast d?appea~ring in Parisian dheae At the watering places abroad it is quite abandoned, end it is said that in another twelve months the rino line will be unknown i Paris.-Cosrt Josunol. AsEanieL-A sketch nweently appeared in aNeir York illustrated paper, in whiclh General Graht and two eats were represented. The General wad supposed to be nyilg, "Well, if it is to ba Kilkeany eatsbusinese, I .know which has the longest tail." Tis Federa castwue depicted as a very large and bushy animal, with an enormous tall, on which was written Grant's boast-"?I purpose fighting it out on this line." The Confederate cat was represented as a dimjintive starveling, with only a little stobble on a tail soaroely longer than that of a Manz cat It would appear, however, by the recent secounte, that the appendage of the Confederate sit hias been very considerably developed sline the battles in the Wilderness and at Spottsyivania, and that Grant's ability as ageneral has been vastly overrated. A Lar Wou HoaE.-A letter from Kanawha River West Virginia, says:-" On thepssg''up, a few days go, ofa party of the ahirtyelghth Ohio, amain named aumphreys leaped overboard and swam ashdre. Pass. og by his.home, he had asked permission to stop a fcw minutes, and was refused, when he rushed ensud denly to the hurricane deck, and made a leap for the river. DiBing to the eufaee, he ottuck out bravely for the shore amid a volley of cheers, and eabched it safely. 'The boat passed on. After having kissed his wife, lhe mounted a horse, and in fifteen minutes passed the boat, shouting lastily to be taken on. At the :next station it was done.-Amnerlre paper. NW~PAPEBr aCoScPOcDIIsexs AT TaHE SfxT O WA.-I was writing in my tet yesterday when a Minie bullet came wlisng through the canvas, passing jlst by Ospiin Bradey, Captain BSa, and Lieutenant Dawkonse, of General Wood's te who we re sitting inside. It completely disturbed my refleetive powerfor the time being. Another struek me lately in the breast, passing through my coatand vest but fortunately for me, I had my portfolio full of piper inside, through which it also passed, but did me no serious injury. I intend carrying my life preserertsome with me. Mr. Bearrie, of the Cincinnati Tsrse, had his portfolio shot' through in his hland, and Mr. Fury, of the Cinoinnati Gacrue, was at supper, when an ane'remsnions shell came and took away hlis candle, leaving him a dark subject. Hemre we get saoustomed to such things.- Nes Faork Pper. Ten SINaING Or TrB ALAlar A.-There washearty congratulation and rejoicing yeterdey on the destruction of the Alabama, uuder Captain Senimes, by 'the Uniled Srates steamer Keareage, under Captain Winslow. 'The remult puts an and to a great career of misehief; and the manner in which it was done, in open, fair fight, teiectiag great credit on the navy, is especially gratify'ing. Hardly any news could bare given more intense pleasure to the 'commereal world.-Bostnes (U.S.) Post, July f. Aswx i'oa PsEDna HOsns.--ThIe old and brken-down horses of the my, however, are not 'being mustered out, as formerly, but now hare an "'asylum" provided for them a few miles below City Point, where they can literally lie down in the coolest of shades, and nibble the sweetest and freshest grass and clover, beside the sillest and purest of waters. The plate is as real horse asvlum, and is intended to rest and recuperate for serice sudh horses as have heretofore been sent to Wasleington and condemned. Not less than three thousand are here now, and a gret saving to the Government is anloeipated.-Ne.e York -trrald. During the first ansucecssful attempt of the Federals to storm the fortificatinM of Petersnburg, the house tops w?ere crowded with ladtes. 