NEW SOUTH WALES. Wo have our files from New South Wales to tho 80tli ult. Wo extract the following : — Tub Court Mastial on Captain Saundeiis.— It ??will be remembered that, several months since, a court martial was held at the Victoria Barraclts to t ? :..i_ ? n.,„. lUqUMO IUW ........... .tain Saunders, of II. M. 12th regiment, by Lieu loant- Colonol Hamilton. Tho resnlt of the inquiry ? was tho completo acquittal of Captain Saunders ' upon all tho charges. Tho lato mail has brought , the news that tho judgment of the court has been \- confirmed by hor Majesty ; and Captain Saunders has, by order of Brigadier-General Chute, been relieved * from arrest, and has returned to his duties. — S. Al. Herald, January 28. Accidents at the Dry-Dock, Waterview Bay. — ? -On Monday, tho 25th, seven or eight men, mostly . shipwrights, woro thrown on to the bottom of the deck from a stage hanging to tho side of a whaler undergoing repairs. William Goodwin received a fracture of the thi'h and severe bruises ; M. Welch a dislocated elbow and other injuries. The .rottenness of tho ropo by which tho stage was sus pended caused tho accident. — An accident also oc curred at Captain Rountreo's works tho same day, . to P. Harden, who received a severe wound in tho Lead by nn iron lcueo faUing upon him. — S. Al. ; Herald , January, 28. The Police at Fault Again. — Wo learn from a private source that Morgan lias been lately on tho spree for two wholo days, in a publio houso at Pincy ?Range, tho polico coming up twelvo hours after his \- departuro. In tho namo of all that is watchful ?. then, what becomes of the alleged vigilance of the police, and their reputed movoinents for a length of time past — having for end, as wo aro led to bolieve, the enabling them to pounco upon hiui at tho first -opportunity. Tho reply that suggests itself is cer ? tainly not a satisfactory one. We havo since learnt that this spree of Morgan's was preceded J-y . a Visit to Mr Kitzen's station, in consequence of * reputed assortion by tho latter that ho had a minio ritte, with which to shoot him if he came there. We hoar that the ruffian was so drunk when ho paid : iliis visit that ho positively fell down ou tho floor ; his pistols tumbled out of his belt, and yet, spite ? of minie rifle and all, ho was permitted to go as ho ? camo. If such bo tho unexnggerated fact, it is a -most significant ouo. — XVagga Wagga Express. Mn Cuaules Kean. — Mr Kean's illnesB has been -of so severe a character as to confine him to his bed for somo days past. At one timo tho disorder .(which wo believe was constipation) was of so dan gerous a naturo as to create very great anxiety ; and -when tho worst stage was over, it. left Mr Kean so weak that ho was unablo to move without assistance. It will bo a sourco of gratification to his numerous friends and admirers to learn that he i3 now pro grossing favorably, though, wo believe, when suffi ciently recovered, his medical advisers liavo urged tho necessity of his going to Tasmania for a change of climate. — -5. M. Jlerald, January 28. Snakes' Eggs. — While Mr Foot, storekeeper, Cooma street, was digging up somo potatoos in his garden, on last Monday morning, ho turnod up six ; small white eggs, which, from their position be neath the earth, ho know could not bo those of a bird ; he, therefore, camo to tho conclusion that they wero tho eggs of a snake. On breaking one ?of them, a small snake, alive and perfectly formed, was found inside ; it was about two inches long and as thick as a strawmotc. Sir Foot handed them -over to Mr D. Davis, who sent them the same night to the curator of the Sydnoy Museum. — JPass Courier. . Accidental Death. — On Sunday afternoon, Sir Richard Bull, postmaster and farmer at Windelliina, went out after liis cows, and, his dogs starting a kan garoo, he followed in pursuit. Coming to a tree with a projecting limb, he attempted to pass on tho ?one side, but tho horso swerved and passed on tho -other, the limb striking Mr Bull in the abdomen, and flinging him to tho ground. Dr. Waugh being sent for, found Mr Bull suffering trom sovero in ternal injury, and in spito of all the remedies medical skill could suggest, ho lingered only till tho follow ing day, expiring about oho o'clock. He was quite sensiblo and made his will. Ho leaves a wife and four children. — Goulbum Jlerald, January 27. The Weather and tiie Chops. — Por tho last few days there has been somo appearanco of settled summer weather Within the past week nearly all tlie outstanding wheat has been cleared away, nnd farmers aro busy thatching stacks, few porsons in these districts having either barn or shed. Thero has been but littlo rust within somo miles of Bntlmrst, and the crop is expected to yield somewhat above tho average. Everywhere tlio maize is pro mising, and potatoes aro confidently expected to be ^abundant. — Bathurst Free Press, January 27. Muhdbh of a Chinaman by tuhee op iiis Fellow Countrymen. — Gaw King, Tommy Chew, and Jamio Johnstone, wero brought before tho Po lice Court, at Young, on tho 20tli inst., on remand, ?charged with the murder of Ah Sam, a Chinaman, near Wombat, about two years ago. Georgo A. Sing, a Chinaman, being sworn by blowing out a match, deposed : I am a digger, and reside at Syd ney. I know one Ah Sam. I know^tlie three pri soners beforo tho court. I recollect soeing Jamie ?Johnstono on 13th November, two years ago, at Braidwood. Ho told me that Gaw King had mur dered a Chinamen, namod Ah Sam, at Lainbing Flat, at Little Wombat. Ho told mo this when I was cooking at Mrs Badgery's, Doncaster Hotel, Braid wood. He spoko to me iu the Chinese language. I saw tho silver carpick and toothpick, with silver sixpenco attached, now produced, taken out of a holo near Littlo Wombat, about a inilo. further than Little Wombat. I also saw a skull and bones, boots and old clothes taken out of tho holo. Thero was n pieco of the skull kuockod iu at tho back. Jamie Johnstone did not tell me why he killed him. I have not seen Ah Sam since four years ago. Wlion I said in the former part of my depositions, 13th November two years ago, I meant tho 13th November, 1802. By pri soner Jamie Johnstone: Thero was another Cliinn inau present at tho time you told mo you murdered All Sam, named John Bon, now at Stony Creek, near Ironbarlcs. You told mo this in November, 1802, an i fivo days afterwards you woro put in tho lock-up. Billy Hock, a Chinaman, deposed : I saw tlie silver earpick and toothpick, and silver sixpenco attached (now produced). I saw them witli Ah Sain. I afterwards saw tlio same articles taken out of a holo, with a skull and bones, at Demondrill Creek, near Young. The tomahawk produced I know to be the property of Gaw King, tho pri soner boforo tho court. Tlio creek whero tho body was found is about throe- pmi ters of a milo from the station whoro Gaw King was living. By pri soner Gaw King : I know Charlie Ah Kong. I saw him riding ou a brown horse. Ho went away about two weeks aftor Ah Sam was missed. Charlie Ah Kong said Gaw King gavo All Sam £10, and Gaw King gave Jamio Johnstone £10 to go away. He did not say why. By Jamio Johnstone : Charlie Ah Kong was not presont when Tommy Chow said that Gaw King gavo him £1 to cover up the body of Ah Sam ; but thero wero others present, Tommy Ah Shoe and others. The three prisoncos being asked if thoy had anything to say, Gaw Iviug mado a rambling statement, to tho effect that at tho timo of tlio murder of Ah Sam ho had loft Billy Hock, Jamio Jolinstouo and Ah Kong together, and that two days afterwards ho hud asked aftor Ah Sam, and was told ho had gouo to Yuss to get a lawyer. Tho prisoners wero committed to tako their trial at tho Circuit Court, Goulburn, on 25th April. — Burran- {jong Star. Fiiee Trade Association. — An adjourned meet ing of the general committee of the abovonamed as sociation was held at the Masonic Hall Hotel, York street, yesterday afternoon. Tliero wero about fifty gentlemen present. Mr J. iVilliams was voted to tho chair. Tho secretary read tho minutes of the preliminary meeting held on the 25th inst., which were confirmed. Mr J. G. Cohen, in somo eulo gistic remarks, proposed tlio namo of Mr J. L. Mon telioro for election ns president of tho association. ? Mr Georgo King soconded the nomination. Tho nomination was very warmly received, and Mr J. L. Monteiioro was unanimously elected to tho ollico. Mr J. L. Monteiioro expressed to tho meeting his thanks for tho very high honor that had been con ferred on him, remarking that if his ability wore at all equal to his good- will iu tho cause, ho was quito sure tho association would not last a week, for there would bo no need for its operation. Mr S. Bennett proposed that tho Rev. Dr. Lang be one -of tlie vice-presidents of the association, and spoke of that gentleman's popularity as a politician, as ?well as tho opinions which lio entertained, ns recommending his nomination, and the motion was agreed to without dissent. Messrs Georgo Hill, J. M. Leigh, W. Perry, nnd Mr Thomas Alston Tvero successively elected vice-presidents of tho association— the proposers severally being Messrs G. King, -W. Pritchard, J. G. Coheu, B. James, W. ' S. Friend, P. Lassotter, J. Jonbert, and Mr Huutley. As somo gentlemen seemed to think that thoro was a disposition on the part of the meeting to go on electing vice-presidents, two pro positions wero made — one for limiting tho number of vice-presidents of tho association for Sydney to three, and tho other to five. The first resolution was submitted by Messrs Macafie and Spyor, the second by Messrs S. A. Joseph and Williams. Both motions, however, were withdrawn. The names of several gcntlemon were added to tho committeo of general management. The chairman then read tho declaration of tho New South Wales Free Trado Association, of which the following is a copy : — ' The traders, farmers, mechanics, and other colonists of New South Wales, associated for tho purpose of circulating amongst the people correct ideas on tho subjects of free trado and direct taxation, have adopted tho following general statomeut of tho principles on which tho Association is based : — (1.) That all laws which restrict legiti mate commerce are wrong in priuciplo nnd injurious to tho interests of tho community. (2.) That tho fiscal policy of this country should tend to tho do crease rather than the increaso of the number of articles subject to Customs duties ; nnd tho impo sition of a system of direct taxation in tho event of any augmentation of revenue being required. (8.) That every colonist should contribute to tho neces sities of tlio State iu proportion to his means and the advantages ho enjoys ; and that taxation should bo considered a just debt not to bo repudiated or evaded* by any honest man. (4.) That taxation should take and keep out of tho pockets of the peoplo as little as possible beyond what it yields to the public Exchequer. (5.) That taxation should be imposed iu such a manner that the honest industry of no man should be restricted, but every man bo left at perfect liberty to conduci his lawful business iu the way ho thinks best for his own interests ; and to oxchange tho produce of his labor, skill, or capital, with persons in any part of the world. (0.) That all protective duties, of any naturo or kind whatever, are a tax upon tho earnings of the many to increase the profits of tho few, nnd are a sacrifico of the con sumer to the exclusive benefit of tho producer. (7.) j. ii lit iuo cncapening iu mo cost vi living iu uie working classes, by tho abolition of restrictions on commercc, is tho only legitimate method by which tho Legislature can nssist industry nnd foster manu factures. (8.) That to encourage manufactures at the expense of tho industry at presont engaged in the development of our commerce and natural re sources would bo unjust, impolitic, destructive to our prosperity, and fatal to our advancement as a pooplo. (9.) Tho association view tho fiscal mea sures now boforo tho Legislature as likely to be ruinous to the commerce of Sydney nnd fatal to tho prosperity of Now South Wales ; and thoy therefore call upon tho community at largo to assist iu arresting that downward progress which must ensuo if thoso measures tire allowed to bo embodied in tho legislation of the country.' Mr W. Perry, with a view to give full consideration to the principles about to bo put beforo the public and now submitted for tho confirmation of the Free Trado Association, moved that tho document just read bo referred to a committee composed of tho following gentlemen : — Tho president, viccprosi ?donts, treasurer, secretary, with Messrs Salomons, S. Bennett, Lassotter, Macafie, J. A. Alger, C. Smith, B.. James, and tho mover. Mr W. Pritchard se conded tho motion, which, aftor somo conversation, was nnanimously agreed to. In answer to a ques tion, the chairman informed tho meeting that tho sum of £250 had boon subscribed at tho preliminary mooting. Some additional contributions were handed in. A voto of thanks was given to the chair man, and tho meeting adjourned, until Tuesday next. — S. Al. Herald, January 20. Bush Fires. — Several bush fires raged about us on Sunday last. Ono in German Gully, neur Gib raltar, was unusuallj' fierce, and threatened at one time to spread far and wide, but owing to tho exer tions of tho residouts it was eventually extinguished. Boyond the Adelaide Lead there was also a similar visitation, which was not put out without consider able difficulty. Tho rank condition of tho grass just now renders bush-fires of moro than ordinary im portunes. Too much caution cannot therefore be exercised by thoso who aro in the habit of making outdoor fires. — Talbot Leader, February 2. Value op Maopies. — Mr J. E. Thomas, of Bel mont, observing a large quantity of magpies in his vineyard, on Monday morning last, thought ho would ascertain whethor they wero indulging in grapes or not ; ho therefore shot ono, and upon opening it found tho stomach full, not of grain or grapes, but spiders, fiies, beetles and all kinds of insects, somo of thom alivo ; no trace of vegetable food could be discovered. This fact is no doubt well known to tho savans, but farmers and vino growers aro apt to think tho magpio is no friend to them-, and it is in order to convinco thein to tho contrary that wo publish this paragraph. After this wo shall think ill of anybody who kills ono of tho jolliest nnd most musical of all tho Australian feathered tribe. — Geelong Chronicle, February 3. Death prom Sun-stroke. — We are informed that a boy named John W. Maddison, aged seven years, living at Stony Crook Ridge, received a coup de soleil on Thursday, and died within fifty-four hours. The unfortunnte boy was promptly seen by Dr Hill, but Sol had given a fatal stroke. Parents should see that their children wear suitable head covering. On Saturday, the police found a little boy, aged about nine years, suffering from sun-stroke, at the south end of Vincent street. The little fellow had been playing about with his head uncovered, under the fierce sun of Saturday. He was at once taken to Dr. Hill, the residont surgeon of the Hospital, who had the little sufferer's head shaved, and applied other remedies. We are glad to learn that the boy is now in a fair way for recovery. — Daylesford Mercury, February 2. Suicide oi» a Chinaman. — An inquiry was held on Monday last, by tho coroner, at tlio Railway Hotol, Barker's Creek, on the body of a Chinaman. Andrew Jas. M'Laren, chemist, residing in Mostyn Btrcet, deposed that about six a.m. yesterday, while walking in tho neighborhood of Hector's farm, at Wattle Flat, about three miles from Castlomaino, he found 'ho body of deceased suspended by the neck from a tree. He called to somo men, anil then gave information to the police. Constable Fox proved finding tho bsdy as described by tlio first witnoss; the body was hanging from tho limb of n treo, tho foot being about nino inches from tho ground. Thero wns about (i drachm of opium in n crevice of tho treo, and thoro was somo on the fingers of doceased. James Acov, Chinese iuter prctor, stated that he had mado inquiries about tho doceased, but could learn nothing of hiin. Decoased was about 40 years of ago. In his pocket was a piece of paper, which had apparently been written four days ago, bearing date 20th Docembor, which answers to tho European date of 28th January. This commenced with '? Good luck to the porson who reads this.' It showed deceased's naino to liavo been Wan Min Iviu, and gave, his birthplace as Wing-Yep. Thero were two shillings and uinepenco on his person. Tho jury found that .doooasod was found hanging, and that they believed it to have beon his own act. — M. A. Alail , February 2. Muiiderous Outrage. — Information has beon re ceived in Kvncton that Mr James Andrews, store keeper, Glciihope, was all but murdered on Thurs day night last, and a considerable quantity of valuablo goods stolen from the store. From what particulars we have received, it appears that two mon ontcred Andrews' store at nino o'clock on the abovo evening, and immediately on their entering one of them presentod a doublo- barrollcd gun at Andrews, who would no doubt havo been shot had ho not immediately rushed the ruffian, and caught tho barrel of tho 'gun in his hand, turning it aside from his body, tho contents of ono barrel entering tho wall, while throe slugs from tho othor barrel were found in tho roof. Upon seeing this, the other ruffian presented a six-barrollcd revolver at Andrews, which fortunately did not go off, but ho caught tho rovolver by the muzzle, and beat Andrews about tho head aud body in a most brutal manner ; the first man also stabbed at him with tho gun in the abdomen and othor places, leaving Andrews nearly dead upon the ground. They then robbed tho store of about £3 in silver, two orders granted by Mr Charles Orr, nud a quantity of valuablo drapery. Tho man who first assaulted Mr Andrews has boen des cribed as being about 5 foot 8 inches in height, of dark complexion, had a beard 'and moustache of several weeks' growth, and was about thirty years of age. Tho othor man was about 5 feet 0 or 7 inches iu height, of slight build, fair complexion, red whiskers and moustache, and was also about thirty years of age. About half a inilo from tho store, in tho direction of Laucefiold, some of tho stolon pio perty was fouud, but whether it was put thero as a ' blind' or not, we cannot say, as we hear that a robbery under nrni3 has been committed at New stead, and thoro is a great similarity in the descrip tion of the mon. Wo cannot help thinking that tho authorities are greatly to blame in not having a polico station iu the Glenhopo district, which is cow becoming n place of considerable importance, nnd the noarost station is Kyneton, a distauco of over twenty miles, wliilo, thanks to lira assiduity with which tlio pruning knife has been plied by the Governmont, the fow policemen who aro .left in Kyneton can ill bo spared — in tho middle of harvost wlion so many scoundrels aro loafing about tho town —to go such n great distance. — Kyneton Observer,. February 2, - 