MR. PEARSON'S MEITING. Immediately after the conclusion, of Mr. Nicholls' meeting, the electors adjourned from Robertson's to Cansiope' Iqqtel, 'whenm?. Donald M'Leod was unanimously voted to the chair. : Mr. M'Leon agid they had met to hear Mr. Pearson's political creed, and he hoped they would accord to Ihim as fair and pailent i'hear. ing as they had juatgiven' Mr. Nichlolls." Mr. PEAneSON thon roso'and tidi--It was an old saying, " business fGrte' and.thenpleasuro," but 'on that day they hail ieered ithe order 'of things-they had " pleasure first, and how they h were coming to basine."- He saw many faces r around him who had been that day enjoying themselves with him at the) hunt, and bhe felt satsfieod they would, on that account, be non a the less prepared to enter with him into the & business of tbohe evening. He had held several L meetings throughout the district, reports of a wliiah had appeared in the lobeal ress. He had a also published his political c'red at some iength, el in ireply to' the nu;merously signed requisition a whicho been presented to him, bint neverthie. less, he considered it due to the electors of Rose. p dale to. ineet them personally,' and explain to i them his opinions on the leading political ques. tions of the day, and his reason for coming. for. wail as a candidate for theirauffrmgea. Ho said a he did not' wishto say anything'against previous tl representatives, but he desired to impress upon q their minds the manner in which Gippsland hadl been heretofore 'misrepresented, and how'their bett interest had suffered in consequence. He b had been asked over'and over againto'come for. ward as a candidate for their sulffrages to repre-o sent -North : Gippsland, buth he had 'hitherto b refused to. do: so, and to-night he would have been mdch better pleased to have.been in that 81 room merely as a supporter:of a good man than as a candidate himself. He had no object or ambition to serve in the matter-he wished for neither pension orrpay, bit if elected would have ' tosacriicee the comforts of his home.and his pleasuireS, withodu any return beyond the ?atis- p faction of advancing the interests of North Gipp.. d land. It-had' bein'alleged by.thoe,opposed to. him that he'was'a squatter; and he would there fore, in the'first place, 'claim their attention for ' a fews moments'to explain,; hs, briefly is possible, how he became a squatter,' and how,it was that he was no Ibonger a squatter., He came to Gipp-. land in 1840 with Hr. Ml'Milla',n;t time when there was scarcelya white man inthe country; He then took' uphis 'run 'on 'whut is now Kil many Park, and it had been his ambitioh ever P since ta purchase it, and miske a home for him=. P self and family, and the discovery'of gold ini Victoria had enabled li him to accomplish his pur. pose. His opponent had made capital out of the fact that lioe.(ir. Nicholls) hadecome an' miner,w and had been successful in forming a company to work a claim on Donnelly's Creek.,'.He (Mr. f, Pearson) was a larger miner than Mr. :Nicholls, and while Mr. Nicholls had' purchased a claim with other peoples' money, he had bought claims t1 with his 'own money-he had invested upwairls of £2000 in the quartz mines of Gippsland, and up'to thoepresent time had had no return what ever, although he knew that sooner or later he would hive.. His interests 'were thereforo Iden- A tilled with Gippsland in every shape-if Gipps- le land goes back, his'interests must stiffer, and in proportion as it advances, so must his interests become's ore. valuable.. He was 'not opposed to the present Ministry, but there were.portions of m their programme with which, e disagreed. ,, Mr. M'Cilloch proposed to allow the people to go oh d the land after survey, and take. up from 40 to 640 acres, and' hold it at a rentalof 2s per ecre for five'yearsa It'mustbeo rem'mbered thaitthis rent did not form any part' of'the purchase p1 money, it was 'merely a rental. 'Thus, at the ph end of five years, they'woutld' have paid in rent 10s per acre; at' which time they would have to purchase their land at auction, and, if they ane- I ceeded in purchasing it, there was no deferred payments, but cash down. They.would receive no credit for the money they had paid in rent, and if anybody. chose to outbid them, the original th holder must retire. No doubt it was proposed, ad in that case,' to makeo'the purchaser pay 'fo the a improvements, but every one must know how improvements' 'ould deteriorate in value during five years, and a bush-fire might come and rcn-a H1 'der the improvements worthlles,when the bolder might be 'cast upon the world a riuined inan. His (Mr. Peareon's) plan for the disposal 'of the -land was, to .have. all, the lands of hi the colony put up for selection at once, in say m blocks,of 50, .100, or 200. anros, to:ba.sold. by. , auciion,' with deferred 'priyments. He, did not chre how.small.,thds instalments.were'which the purchaser-was conmpelled to pay-it might be Is, " Is Od,'or 2s fd-so that it extended over a ufli-. L client number of -years to give a man who was vi able and willing an opportunity to work out the pi payment of his land.. It would thus be seen that oa the money the holder paid in the one case. was p merely a reniil whidh' went into'the coffer of the Government, and formed no part'of the pur- 'p chase money of the land,' while, according to his p scheme, the instalments the holder, paid wont towards paying for his land. The great object :p tion to the auction system, as heretofore con ducted, was, that land was put up in such small n quantities that it brdught ruinouely high prices; I but-if plenty of land.was constantly kept in the ft earket, that' state 'of things could not again. t occur.,. Mr. Pearbnothethawent o'w to 'low' that' he would devote the proceeds of the land sold to rI constructing important national works-such as f opening up and forming main roads, encouraging immigration, &o.-and; that,' whilo' he was in a favour of local self- government; he would oppose n the main roads beingbhanded over to road boards until the'Goverament had first constructed thei, a when he:considered it the province of the road o boards afterswards to keep them. in'repair, and P that even £500 per mile, for naianiroads, was t quite insufficient for such' districts as Gippsland.' The speaker then explained to the meeting his a views of, then 23rd clause,'or: what is generally known as Cummins's clause of the Duffy Land p Act,,which enabled-previous purchasersnof land to, select it, under, certain restrictions, to the' eictenht of 320 acres; and which had been ren: dered inoperative :tbrough'.'the lands' of'the' 1 colonym beingwithheld. from sale.:.;: He wiran de cidedly in favour of those rights being respected.' Mr Grant, in his speech at Inglewood, proposed to 'de'al With' the question on follows:i-." Wei(the Ministry) lropsos that' the holders of'certificates tinder Cummins's clause shall be allowedto'select I as under Duffy's' At;'or they have the 'option of 'e buying;itlbland at auction and get credit forthe eight years, at.2s" 0d per annum.";, This (Mr. Pearson said) was~precisely'hi isrposition, and I if the Ministry would dispose of the whole of the. 1 lands of the colony on the latter principle, they wquld. have his 'most cordial support. ~Ir:r. :1 IPerson neixt preceeded'to explain to the' meet j;g his views;' at legth,b on' 'the other leading questions of -the day--uch is' state aid to reli; gion, education, the gold-fields, protection to Snative industry, &o; and also the mode'of dealing I with our most urgent' locl reiiireme'nts- but a s they have already been published ie cxtenso Sin thle colqmns of thbo Tines, we 'deemn it unne cessary' to reprint' them.' In eonclusion,]Mr. SPearso sa mid that Mr. Nicholls, it his address as' p ublished in the local journal, referrieig t'him *self (Mr.'. learson) syay:-'. Mr. Peareon's inate-' 'cedents you know," k&. r. ?'earson said they r had known his antecedents for 24 years,' and he' ' called this a piece of gratuitous and uncalled-for information on the part of Mr. Niohollso; He Swould likoe to know why Mr Niclioll's did not tell the'electors something about his own antece Sdents. He met a lIllasrat minor a few days ego on the gold-.fields who knew something of Mr Nicholls' antecedents, and he would be highly' pleased if Mr Nicholls couldl produce this man, as lhe could give themrn information about Mr Nilcholls which both himself and the eleetora wanted very muclh to know. Tlhey knew, how Sever, that hIr. Nielolls was a nominee of the pres sent Government, and that if hehaid not got a Sticket on his back he hadl got a ticket in his pocket. lie (Mr.Nieholls) hadl stated.that, if Selected,, use would go ins to support; men, not r mneasures-in fact, .lle would.go in.pledged to support the M'Oqlloch MLionistry, witlhout, really k nowhing What mneasuresthley may bring forward \--prepared to do as they, do-in 'fact; -beind hand and foot to do their dirtywdrk.. LI5wMr Grant's speech at Inglewoqd,?!he expreseed'a hope that .the different -constitileneies 'will not, return,indepenennt.membsrs, but return 0oern bere pledged to sI,port the present Ministry. Now, he considered if icibero were not inde pendent, they were. nothing better than slaves. and 'ot deservinog the'high houcur which they solicited. But although; he.(Mr Pearsmo) c:ould not pledge himself to support the present Minis try on all points, he was not byJ any means aq opponent- there was 'mich in their land polic~ with which'hoe agreed. t'e wiidd: eo.in, if elected, an independent membe?;' ouldnsupport them when he considered theywrero in the right, and .When hie thought they were- wrong le would oppose' themni 'He had-toldtho 'meeting the points on which' he differed with i them-he would never. oppose them on trivial points or from factious.,motives, but would support them when he could coneoientiously do so. * Mr Pearso? sat down amidst a' considerable amount'of applause.; The Cu?onAui N having informed the meeting that?;.Mr" Pearson was prepared to reply to any questions.they might choose to put to him, . In answer to. questions by. Mr M'Mahon, Mr Pearson said that he considered tena and sugar to be necessaries of life. That he hoped the Government' would not grant their road boards until they had made the mainlroads. That ho would not: consent to go to PArliament with a handkerchief , tied round hi eyes. That he would sit on tho ministerial c se-benches, and support the presemt; ministry., liifho approved of their measures, and that he ad already-told them on what points he agreed and disagreed with them. " Mr PAULC.?a'Osie (" Poor Pa~l") then claimed permission froli the' Clhairmii to k'asthe candi. date a qilestion. He said the q tion 'b. wished to asik was 't What the eand ought'of a man who had threo girls, and w?at'considered it best'for hii to do uiidr the 'circmitinoes i'} S;MrPoansoli amid it so lhialpened that he ihad three boys; and he thought theC best'thing for the colony would be. for the boys to niarry the girls somine.day., -. M: r M'MAnos : O Would you bo in favor of leaving it optional to selectors of land; either to purchase. by auetiou, or accoiding to the plan proposed-by Mr Grant I : r PE~IuAn?o , I do ndt believe -in: the i prin ciple of making fish 9f one and flesh of another. That.would only be perpetuating tlid evils of the' whitesidd the blui under ' differeit Iinoe.' Mr Rossm (shoemaker), inquired, ,for.- the fifth time, .what Mr Pearson "-thought', they woro:to do. with their children, when a voice anticipated' AMr .Pearson's answer; by 'advising him to go.home and make boots and shoes fbr then: no ;''.:i.. , - SMr ALLAN. then proposed,; and ,Mr PEc? se conded;." That-this meeting is.f 'opinion that ,lr.Pearson is the most fit and proplerperson to represent North Gippsland in the Legislative Assembly, and that it pledges itself to use all legitimate means to ensurelhis return." " SA Mr M'MAnoa : proposed, masan amendment, .a vote of thanks to Mr Pearsoo." ., After some disonssion as toylbether the amend ment was in order, the amendment and motion were:.put-.to th'omeeting, when the Chaiiman' declnred the motion to be carried by a.majority.: {. Mr:Pearson thanked the meeting. for the at tentive hearing' they.had afforded.him,' and pro pbsed'a vote of.thanks to the chairman,, which was carried amidst loud.'and continuous .ap-' plauso;. :??_: ; ·, 