ITEMS OF NEWS. The passengers by the 10.20 p.m. train from Melbourne to Sandhurst yesterday, were alarmed just as the train neared the proposed Chewton railway station, by a violent jolting the whole length of the carriages. Some obstruction had evidently got on the line, either accidentally, or had been maliciously placed there, but the shock was so violent that one of the guard-irons of the engine was wrenched from its fastenings. Fortunately no other injury was done to the train, and it moved on without any delay in con sequence. Should it be found that an obstruc tion has been maliciously placed across the line, we trust that whoever may have been the cause of it will meet with discovery and adequate punishment. To gratify a spirit of mischief or revenge, many lives might have been sacrificed, and many permanent injuries inflicted. Mr John Rogers, of the Criterion Hotel, in forms us that he has made arrangements for the exhibition of Christmas sports in the Market- square. There is to be wrestling, fiat running, hurdle races, jumping in sacks, dancing, etc. The programme will be published to-morrow. The Volunteer Band performed in the Mount Alexander Gardens yesterday afternoon. The attendance was somewhat limited, for which no doubt the sultry weather was in a degree respon sible. It is, we believe, the intention of Mr Hirschi to continue this kind of weekly concert, and we certainly hope that he will receive that support of which he is really deserving. The attention of the Surveyor of the Chewton Council may be well directed to the state of the property lately, in the occupation of Mr James Murray. During the time that person held pos session of the ground referred to (situated at the foot of Steel's Gully) a substantial fence was erected, which in a great measure prevented the possibility of accident. The fence has been swept away by floods, and requires re-erecting. From information we have received in reference to this property, the intervention of the Council is ne cessary in the matter. The Rev. J. B. McCure, of Sydney, delivered the first of two lectures on the sufferings of John Bunyan and his family, with others of the puritan age, in the Baptist Chapel, last evening. There was a very fair audience. The lecture was illustrated by a number of dissolving views of large size, by the oxy-hydrogen lime light. Without pretending to more than the usual artistic finish, the illustrations were many of them very effective, and would tend to impress more thoroughly upon the hearers' memory the subject matter of the lecture. As a lecturer, Mr McCure's delivery is at times pleasingly distinct and impressive, although occasionally verging on monotony. A second lecture will be given on Friday evening. During Tuesday night some foolish person carried away the notice board of the Chewton Post Office and fixed it in another part of the township. Its place at the Post Office was sup plied with a board from some other office, the name of which was carefully obliterated. This notice will serve to recover the lost board. Yesterday several bushfires were discernible. The want of rain begins to be most severely felt. The more ordinary modes of water supply begin to fail, and unless a fall of rain shortly occurs an irreparable damage will be done to the cereal and fruit crops. Mr James Farrell, the newly-elected mayor of Castlemaine, took his seat on the magisterial bench for the first time yesterday morning. The following method of preventing the soil of gardens from cracking during the heat of summer, presenting large fissures, and thereby in many instances destroying the adjacent plants or trees, has been tried in Clunes and found to succeed remarkably well :- Take short manure, soil, and sand ; mix like mortar, and plaster the compost on the top of the cracks without disturbing the surface. This not only fills up the vacancies in a very satisfactory manner, but affords nourishment to the shrubs or plants in the vicinity. We yesterday took a brisk ride from Elphin stone towards Mount Alexander, and confess that our surprise was intense at witnessing the positively criminal destruction of trees that has been effected by some persons who have barked every wattle-free within sight in this neighbor hood. Such a gross and wanton destruction of the Government property demands the instant interference of those conserving the Crown Lands in this district. We would ask, why has the mischief been permitted ? A few days ago we extracted from the Herald a report of the quoit tournament at Geelong, in which the Guildford Club took part, and distin guished themselves, as they always have done in previous contests. A report of the meeting was furnished to us by one of the gentlemen con nected with the Guildford Club, who was present, and at the special solicitation of several members we have consented to publish this account of the matches, which will be found in another column. To those of our readers who are not quoiters the repetition may be distasteful, but in fulfil ment of a promise given, we cannot refuse to gratify the wishes of our Guildford friends. We notice that Mr Church, of the Five Flags Hotel, has added a new and commodious room to his premises at Campbell's Creek. This accom modation will be found very convenient to the public, especially during the cricket season. The members of the local cricket club have been in vited to a supper in this room on Friday next, and on the following day, a scratch match will be played on the cricket ground, which we be lieve is in excellent order. The following is a statement showing the number of letters and newspapers received at and despatched from Victoria per P. and O. R.M steamships for the month of November, 1864; — Received per Northam, 50,435 letters, 119,134 newspapers. Despatched per Madras, 47,501: letters, 73,501 newspapers. Total, 97,936 letters, 192,635 newspapers. The cry of want of employment appears to be general throughout, the goldfields, and Talbot, says the Leader, notwithstanding that a marked dimunition has taken place during the last few months in the number of unemployed miners, still has a number of men in the neighborhood who have no work to do. Nevertheless, on Saturday evening the directors of the Amherst and Talbot Gold Mining Company, who had called for tenders for bottoming a shaft already sunk to the water level, had but one tender and that at £3 per foot for alluvial sinking. The contractors would only have to find labor, the company having undertaken to provide all gear and timber. It was considered that the tender, was too high, and fresh tenders are invited. We, Talbot Leader, learn with extreme regret that the cattle about McCallum's Creek, are suffering very seriously by pleuro-pneumonia. Only the other day one of the residents of that part of the district lost four head in one day by this fell disease. The utmost precautions, we are informed, are taken to prevent the spread of the contagion, nevertheless the loss to the resi dents of McCallum's Creek, already reaches a very important figure. Should the present drought continue the number of victims to pleuro-pneumonia will be extremely heavy this season, despite all efforts to the contrary. The Herald., reports the following fatal acci dent: — A distressing accident occurred in Chapel street on Tuesday morning. A man named Patrick Conroy, a carter, about twenty- eight years of age, was driving a dray loaded with stones along Chapel street, when his at tention being momentarily distracted from what he was doing, he slipped from the shaft of the dray on which he was sitting, and fell under neath the horse's feet. Before the dray could be stopped it passed over his chest. A stream of blood rushed out of his mouth and nose, and he was taken up in an insensible condition. Ser geant Farrell, who was present, sent for Dr Van Hemert, of St. Kilda, but that gentleman, who soon afterwards arrived, found that life was ex tinct. The body was removed to the Alma hotel, where an inquest will be held on it to-day by Mr Candler, the district coroner. From what particulars we have been able to learn about the case, it does not appear that anyone is to blame in the matter. An amusing instance of transferred, if not al together mistaken or misplaced affection, has oc curred at the house of a gentleman in Creswick, with a cat whose kittens were a short time since destroyed by some of the dogs about the place. Nine ducks which were hatched by a turkey about the time of the cat's misfortune, having been put into the box previously occupied by her and the kittens, the callow brood were thereon immediately adopted by the cat, who lies in the nest with them, and seems as solici tous about their welfare as if they were her own progeny. The result will be both ludicrous and painful when the brood gets older and take to the water, to the great horror of its present strange, though affectionate nurse. A daring and extraordinary burglary was per petrated on last Monday night, at Golden Square, Bendigo. The Evening News says :— " At some period during the night the premises known as Miller's clothing establishment were entered, and a large quantity of property ab stracted. The massive stone wall at the side of the shop was broken through. Some idea of the amount of labor required may be gathered from the fact that the wall is two feet in thick ness and composed of heavy square stones. We should imagine that it would take a mason several hours to perform the work, but the most singular fact connected with this burglary is that Mr Miller's two sons, young men, were sleeping in the shop, only a few feet from the very wall that was broken through. How the work could be accomplished so silently as not to rouse them is a mystery. We believe that the actual value of the goods carried away is not yet ascertained, but Mr Miller, at a rough estimate, calculates his loss at something like £40. This is certainly the most daring and deliberate burglary that has come under our notice on this goldfield. The Hamilton Spectator gays that pleuro pneumonia is still raging among the stations of that district. The Bendigo Independent says :— On a vacant piece of ground in Forest- street, between Rowan and Barnard-streets, a number of Chinese are engaged sweeping the ground for the purpose of extracting the gold from the dust. In several, in fact in nearly all of the streets of the out- gullies, numbers of Chinese are employed in a similar manner. We mention this as a hint to our changeable town surveyor that he may profit by it, and allow the Celestials to sweep the prin cipal streets of the borough, and by doing so earn the gratitude of all the inhabitants, and atone in a manner for his grand mistake in road making. The Melbourne correspondent of the Star writes: — " An instance of forensic wit occurred in the hearing of a case in the Supreme Court, on Monday. Mr Holroyd was arguing respect ing the interpretation clause of the Goldfields Act, which clause goes on to say that everything contained in the Act the male gender shall be "read as the female, aud the female as the male, the singular as the plural, and the plural as the singular. ' That might mean,' said his Honor Sir Redmond Barry, ' that a judge might be a woman, and that she might have the power of the other judges, such would be absurd.' Mr Fellows ( sotto voce) — ' Judges are sometimes described, and not inaptly, as old women ; the Legislature might have had that view in their minds when passing the Act.' A hearty laugh followed this small sally of wit, which was joined in by their Honors on the bench." A monthly meeting of the shareholders in the Eaglehawk Mining Association, Tarrangower, was held on Monday afternoon, at the offices, Market- street ; Mr Charles Day in the chair. From a report of the committee of management, read at the meeting, it appears that during the month of October, 202 tons of stone have passed through the stampers, consisting of 166 tons of public crushing, and 36 tons from the associa tion's ground. The latter yielded 53oz 16dwt 6gr melted gold, averaging 1oz 5dwt 21gr per ton, which realised £212 19s 1d. In the report read at the previous meeting, reference was made to the fact that, in order to enable the lessee, to carry on operations in a more energetic manner, the board of management had agreed to grant him a subsidy towards putting in a drive at the deepest level, and sinking the shaft a further depth. Although a large body of quartz has been met with in driving, yet it is generally of a barren description, patches of gold-bearing stone being only occasionally met with. The board, however, believe that, as the shaft is sunk deeper, better stone will be met with. The balance in hand from last meeting was £126 18s 9d ; the receipts during the month, £316 15s 8d ; the expenditure, £377 33 7d, leaving a balance in hand of £66 1Os 1Od. The meeting, which was very thinly attended, separated, after a very brief sitting. The high pressure on the water mains, says the Ballarat Star, had an unpleasant effect last evening, one of the mains bursting at Cobb's corner. The force of the water tore up the hard macadamised street, and the flood rushed down the road and water-tables as if a heavy thunder storm had poured down its ample volume of water upon the town. So novel a sight drew a large crowd to the spot. At nine o'clock the water had worn a clear hole through and was rushing up with great force and noise, but soon after that the pressure was taken off by the water being turned off at Bakery Hill, and the flood went down. The engineer to the Water Commission. informs us that the pipes are safe and that the cause of the overflow is a blowing out of one of the plugs, all which will be rectified. The Government Gazette contains a notice calling for tenders for the supply of provisions and other articles required for the public service of Castlemaine, for the ensuing year commencing January 1st.. Particulars can be obtained on ap plication to the Sheriff, of Castlemaine. The same obscure print contains also other notices of a similar nature, interesting to contractors in this district, but which we can scarcely be ex pected to advertise for mere love. The Govern ment may think that the insertion of such ad vertisements in the Gazette without giving them the greater publicity that a local journal com mands is a keen piece of economy, but we are convinced by a careful watching of this system that the State repeatedly incurs extravagant out lays which might be avoided by a systematic use of the public journals. Only a short time since a notice appeared in the the Gazette calling for ten ders for the erection of the new warden's offices in Hargreaves-street.- No invitation was given to local contractors by advertisements in the journals circulating in the district, but fortu nately some of these managed to obtain the par ticulars required for the tender. The prices of the Melbourne contractors were considerably in advance of those sent in by the firm who are now executing the work, and but for the chance of seeing the Gazette the Government would have had to pay £400 or £500 more for a building which is being put up at a cost consi derably below £1000. It is an absurdly blind policy which guides the Government in using the Gazette alone for the publication of notices such as these ; seeing that the entire cost of ad vertising in one year may be wasted upon a single contract, owing to the fact that local ten derers are frequently in absolute ignorance of the several works for which prices are called. The Tarrangower Times says :— It is becoming painfully apparent that a deal of distress is rampant in Maldon. Not a council meeting is held but there are petitions from widow women, with large families, praying that they may not be pressed for rates, owing, as their only means of a livelihood are chance jobs of washing, charing; etc. In most of our towns a poor-box is provided at the Police Court for donations of the philanthropic, and, although we regret to say it, we think the time has come for such an institution in Maldon. The Government Gazette contains a notification in reference to the transmission of memorials and rep resentations to the Crown. In reference to clauses 208 and 209, which we subjoin, it as stated that such documents should be in the Governor's possess ion at least three clear days before the mail is dis patched : — "208. The Governor is bound to trans mit to the Secretary of State every communication so received by him, accompanied by such report as its contents may appear to him to require. ; 209. He is to do this with all reasonable dispatch, consis tently, however, with the delay requisite for the preparation of such report." Gold appears to have been discovered on the West Coast of New Zealand. The Canterbury Press of the 21st says :- " Our agent at Kaiapoi informs us that he has been permitted to extract the following information from a private letter from the West Coast, respecting the New rush that had taken place fifty miles south of the River Grey. The Maories are reported to have procured 19oz of gold in one week with a tin dish only. Some white men succeeded in getting three pounds weight of gold in three weeks. Nearly all the diggers have left the Greenstone Creek for the new fields. The gold that has been found is rough and coarse, and the ground where it has been found is of a slaty nature." ' I can never subscribe to the doctrine of that sermon,' said a sleepy-headed parishioner, who was wont to doze in church every Sunday, to a neighbour, as they were leaving. ' Can't subscribe !' was the reply. ' why, I saw you nodding assent to every assertion.' 