CHEWTON BOROUGH COUNCIL. Friday, March 4. special meeting. A special meeting of the Chewton Borough Council was held on Friday night, to take into consideration the following letter received in reply to one addressed to the Governor's Secre tary, requesting his Excellency Sir Charles Darling to receive the Mayor and burgesses of Chewton at the Chewton Station (on his approaching visit to Sandhurst) for the purpose of receiving a loyal address :- Toorak, March 3rd 1864. Sir, — In reply to your letter of yesterday, addressed to his Excellency's Secretary, I am directed to inform you that his Excellency the Governor will be happy to receive the address as proposed by the Chewton Borough Council. His Excellency will probably arrive at the Chewton Station about a quarter past 12 o'clock on Tuesday, the 8th inst. — Your obedient servant. C. I. TYLER, A.D.C. To T. Brown Esq., Town Clerk. The letter having been formally received, the Mayor moved that an address be drawn up for approval of the Council, which was accordingly done, and letters directed to be addressed to the Freemasons and Odd Fellows Societies, also to the Band of Hope, the various Schools, and the Chewton Brass, and Fife and Drum Bands, requesting their attendance to take part in the intended demonstration ; also to the Chinese head men resident in the Borough, so as to enable the Chinese to be represented. A request was also directed to be made to Lieut.-Col. Bull to supply a guard of honour. The Mayor expressed his intention of pro claiming the day a holiday, and a committee consisting of Crs Hardy, Upson and Hodgens were appointed to carry out all the necessary arrangements, which will include the erection of a triumphal arch. The Council then adjourned. 'Theatre Royal. — Mr Birch gave his last entertainment at the Theatre, on Saturday even ing. The room was only moderately filled, but the audience, as usual, were delighted with the treat provided for them. Mr and Mrs Birch intend leaving for Sandhurst this morning, and will, we understand, commence their campaign, in that town on Wednesday next. Mr Townsend, C.P.S. — At the last usual meeting of the Chewton Borough Council, Mr J. B. Patterson, the Mayor, stated he thought Mr Townsend displayed too much apathy in prepar ing certain returns of license fees, payable to the Council. On further enquiry, it is found that Mr Townsend' s duties do not include the com piling of the returns referred to. It is only due to that gentleman that this apparent neglect should be explained away, and the satisfaction of the Council expressed. It may further be men tioned that Mr Townsend does not possess the means of preparing returns of licenses, and that any information afforded by him on the matter was merely from courtesy only. Fire. — On Saturday evening a large fire was observable in a south-westerly direction from Castlemaine. We have not heard whether it was the destruction of premises or merely a bush-fire; but from its magnitude we fear that it will be found to be the former. Also, yes terday afternoon, a similar conflagration was observed at the back of Lady Gully, which proved to be a large bush fire. Sittings of Law Courts.— The next Cir cuit Court will be holden at Castlemaine, on Wednesday; 27th April. The General Sessions on 15th June. The County Court, April 1st. Court of Mines, April 1st. 