AGRICULTURAL REVIEW OF THE WEEK. Wednesday, Nov. 30. Tbc changes in the pioduce market since last Week have been trifling. Good floor still sells readily fur Immediate use, bat inferior sorts arriving now have to be stored. The quantity of Adelaide or other first-rate flour on hand Is small; but new fluur will be very shoitly coming iu from Sooth Australia, and It will not be many weeks now before the up country millers will be able to get to work again for the supply of their own districts. The weather is setting in so dry that the wheat this year will be fit for the mill almost as soon as reaped; and the millers wilt, no doubt, he anxious to make up for all the time lost while their mills have been idle. Oats have been iu better de mand, and prices are firnnr, in consequenoe of the reported failure of this crop iu several parte of this colony,and the talling-off in the supply of maize coming forward from New South Wales. Notwithstanding the large j ield of this grain last season, It Is becoming apparent that there will be no more than enough to last until the next crop is gathered. The quantity of hay sent In this week has not been very large, and prices remain as they were. Much of this crop near town has been got together in very go„d order, and the average yield will bs good, although there is a complaint of its being light in places. The Ovenedistrlct is the earliest in which there Is any extent of agriculture, and the re ports from that agree as to the wheat-crop promising to be good in quality; but the yield, though very much better than that of la6t season, is not expected to reach a high average. Oats are iailing to such an extent that seme of the farmers who lately sold a portion of last year's crop are said to have purchased this back again, iu the hope that ILie grain must rise considerably in price very shortly. The same reports of the failure of the oat crop from blight continue to reach us from other districts ; but it is impossible to arrive at any satisfactory conclusion as to the extent of mischief done, and is therefore scarcely safe to speculate ou the failure, though there is every prospect at present of oats tiring. About wheat there appears to he much uncertainly: but the gene ral opinion appears to be that the fall will be gradual, and not very great. The quantity grown in Victoria will not be large, even though the average of the year before last should be reached—and of this there is little prospect; nor is the surplus in South Australia likely to be as large as it was last year. The harvest there has commenced, and will very soon be general—new wheat being already In the market, and pouring in fast, thanks to the systtm of thrashing it off the standing straw in the field. Sales have been made at 6s. Cd. a bushel, for de livery within three weeks—that Is M. a bushel lest than old wheat Is worth; and it will depend entirely on the tactics pur sued by. the millets whether the price falls much below this for some time or not. If they boy freely—and their stocks must be so low that they will be almost obliged to do so—prices will be steady, as the farmers, being just now in Very good circum stances after the comparatively high prices lately received by them, will not have any reason for glutting the market. There has been some very hot weather in the neigh bouring colony, and bush-fires have been un usually frequent for this early period. Pleuro pneumonia has killed off so many of the working bullocks that teams of any kind are in great request, aud horses at all fit for draught have lately been sold at a consider able advance in price, but the demand will only last during the continuance of the wool It will have been learned from the report of the trial last week that the improved mower by Messrs. T. Robinson and Co., which wassomnchadmiredinthesho»-yaTd,tookihe prize; and the secretary to the Port Philip Farmers' Society is now desirous of communi cating with persons who have a suitable j piece of standing com for tbs trial of the reaping-machines. This trial has seldom i been held until after Christmas Day, but shl« year there is likely to be wheat ripe much I before then. j A majority of the members of the Eilmore and Taney field societies have decided on uniting their strength, and forming one so ciety out of the two—the title to combine the names of the two places. The committee is to consist of six members from each, and the shows are to be held alternately at Kilmore and Lance field. On Wednesday next, the Council of the Board of Agriculture is to meek and it is to be hoped will then fix on the place at which Die national grain show is to be held. The sooner the prize-list for this is issued now the better, if it is to be more successful th«n the show of stock was ; and there is no rea son why it should not be, (or the prizes will be large enough, to Insure much competition, wherever It is held, and the quality of the grain In ill the colonies this year promises to he superior. Boots and fodder plants are not likely to be so good, but these are of little consequence compared with the grain and seeds. Tobtcoo, grapes, and wine will, doubt less, receive their due share of attention, bat it is too early yet to form any opinion as to what may be expected of these pro ducts. A moderate number of entries of wool for the intercolonial show, in January next, have been already rebel red, and intending exhi bitors who have not yet taken this preli minary step should remember that all entries must be in the hands of Mr. Macredie on or before the 81st of December, when the amount of the prise money will hs announced. This show Is looked forward to with much interest by all those directly connected with j wool, or influenced either way by the quo* iion of imported or Australian merinos; end j it is to be hoped that the originators wlU re- j ceive auffident support to aifowof their in tentions befog folly «*"t»i out. Fkaro-pneumonia is said to prevail again on a few of the stations, and to be killlng-off more of the cows and bullocks to town herds indifferent peris of this colony ex™ Jthas for some months part. The re-appearance of I the disease is to hs looked for from time to time, but thereto now good reason to hope in • milder form at each xeeurienbe. It is nearly as had as ever, apparently, In a few places, owing no doubt to Dm weakness of the cattle attacked, from * aoarcUyr of food or other tofod or temporary causa. Tim com missioners do not seem tocUned to let the public know the results of their exjnrimests to fat, but we have heard that they have not yet succeeded in oiimmninifgtlny tin rtiinnnn tothe cattle imported from Tasmania al though these have been brought to contact in every way with infected cattle, many of which last have died on the ground. This «««■»» tlon will of oouiee he veoetved with plenum j ty (bote wbo bare Mflned to belJero In the | oonUgioni iiatnre of |he dleeaw. It any each ! then mb hewetfllt tmt tide olae feet will ] pare nothing until all particular# of the ox perUoento tiled Jum been made known, end thetenen «*!/ be leaned from thecomal* elooen'xrpplt, which th«roo*ht topabiieb before tl) infcrett la tho U at an end. 