MELBOURNE NEWS. ; (Arous.) A bush-fire on a small scale broke out about half-past eleven o'clock on Friday morning at St Hilda, in a paddock occupied by Mr Harvey, " and situated at the Free Presbyterian Church, at the corner ot Alma-street and Chapel-street. The sides of the paddock stretching along by these streets were enclosed by a tall thick furze, of old growth, aud very dry from the effects of the long-coutiuued drought. The furze had "straggled over a large piece of ground in the corner of this paddock, forming a thicket of considerable extent. It was in this that the fire r, ' originated. The fire-brigade speedily mustered v" and the hose was conveyed as soon as possible to the spot and connected with the main. How- ever the fire was not got under until the whole of the furze-bank was consumed, aud but very little left for a long distance to show that a fence had been there. The fire occurring iu the midst of a number of villa residences, and giving rise to large clouds of smoke, a numerous con course of people assembled to watch the work of extinguishing the flames. The grass in the paddock being very thin, the fire was easily kept from spreading beyond the limits of the thicket of furze. (Herald.) The adjourned inquest on the body of the man that was found in an empty house in Church-street, near the Richmond Bridge, on Sunday last, was held on Friday at the Mel bourne Hospital. Charles Black, detective officer, deposed that he had been employed with other members of the force in making inquiries about the deceased. No one was seen to enter' the house the deceased was found in on the pre vious Saturday but himself. There was nothing to indicate that a struggle had taken place in or about the premises. The large stone produced was used by the deceased to rest his head upon. No blood was found on the stone, nor any hair. Inquiries were made in all the hotels in the locality, but the body could not be identified. William Chard, warehouseman, said that on Saturday last he saw the deceased in the house where he was found. He was trying to make a hat with a piece of paper, and from his appear ance seemed either drunk or mad. He looked like a working man, and appeared to be iu a state of destitution. Pheebe Chitty was also . examined, but further than stating that she saw . deceased staggering about on Saturday, did not throw any further light upon the matter. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased died at the Melbourne Hospital on the 27th of .February, of a fracture of the skull, caused by external violence, but there was no evidence to show how the injuries were inflicted which caused his death. 