VICTORIA. We have Melbourne papers to the 28th ultimo. 1 The Argus of the 27th says : Some speculation has arisen as to the cause of ( the delay in bringing forward the Tariff Customs , Laws Amendment Bill for the second reading m , the Legislative Assembly. The business was , originally appointed for the 16th instant. It is said that the procrastination is attributable chiefly to a desire on the part of the ministry to afford every opportunity for the holding of protectionist demonstrations, and the framing of protectionist petitions, before the measure is sent to the Upper House. A very numerously signed petition to the Legislative Council against the new tariff has heen prepared at Castlemaine. The Mail of Monday last says : All consistent opponents of the new tariff will be glad to hear that the petition about being for- warded from Castlemaine to the Free-trade League in Melbourne will be one of the largest in respect of signatures that has been obtained in any of the up-country districts Already upwards of 1,500 bona fide names have been attached to the petition, and it is expected that the number will not fall short of 2,000. It is gratifying to know that some of the stammest adherents of protection -among whom we may mention Dr. Mackay, J. P.-have affixed their signatures to the petition, in some instances adding to their names the word 1 protectionist,' for the purpose, we presume, of intimating either their conversion to the doctrines of free trade, or in order to show that they do not consider the tariff to be of such a character as to procure what they deem to be the benefits of protection." Of the progress of the manufacture in Victoria under free trade, the Argus says : That Victoria under free-trade is fast becoming a manufacturing country is proved by the fact, shown in the official returns that in, 1863 we ex- ported seventy-two articlea of local manufacture, of the aggregate value of a quarter of a million sterling. Recently a gentleman in Collingwood received an order ior the construction of a bluestone pier, to be erected in the province of Auckland. The stone (about 18,000 cubic feet) is to be quarried, cut dressed, and fitted here, prior to its shipment to its final destination. If, however, by protective legislation we increase the cost of living, and, by consequence; the rate of wages paid in Victoria, we may expect a discon- tinuance of orders of this Kind, as in that event they may be executed on more advantageous terms elsewhere ; so that protection is essentially a working man's question, and he will be the first to suffer from its pernicions operation ; while it is equally certain that capitalists will transfer their capital to other colonies, thus drying up the sources of employment here. The following on a kindred topic is from the same journal : Among the thirty articles constituting the natural produce of the colony which we exported in the year 1863, amounting in value to £9,000,000 sterling, were hides valued at £146,522. It is said that, owing to the imposition of a duty uti salt, it will no longer pay to export these, as the small margin of profit previously left will he de- stroyed by the operation of this tax.In connexion with thiB subject, it may be mentioned that our exports of salted and preserved provisions in 18(33 reached the value of £21,979, while in the first nine months of 1864 they amounted to £22,242. Of course the duty on salt will act as a direct discouragement to this growing branch of our export trade. The late oppressive weather and bush fires in Victoria are thus noticed : The most oppressive weathcrexperiencedduring the present summer prevailed 3'esterday. A fierce hot wind blew all the morning, the gusts being as unpleasant as furnace blasts, and yet there was an almost entire absence of sunshine, and the thermometer in the shade registered no more than 98°. At times, it was positively painful to walk along the streets of the city, and it was impos . sible, from the dust, to see a dozen yards_ in ad- vance. The hush-fires which raged during the day not far from Mclhourne probobly contri- buted to the overpowering heat. Early in the evening, the reflection ol' a great conflagration was observed in the direction of Geelong; and accounts received in the course of the day show that there was quite a line of bush-fires between the town and Ballarat. Our telegrams state that the weather in the interior was far more severe than in Melbourne ; that bush- fires were in unpleasant proximity to Ballarat, Sandhurst, . -Daylaafnril, and-0*!10* town» j that foresta -vrcrc a blazc, and that homesteads had been destroyed. It is to be feared that within the next day or two we shall have to publish a long list of losses. About five o'clock the wind changed -n breeze arose from the southward ; and later in the even- ing rain commenced falling, and continued for some time. During the gale in the auernoon,the paddock known as n portion of the Fhamix-park estate, Brunswick, became ignited, from some unexplained cause. Owing to the fact of a large body of men who were working in the neighbor . hood repairing immediately to the scene, witli bags, &c;, the fire was confined to the paddock. For the accompanying anecdote weare indebted to yesterday's Ballarat Star : " Quite a romantic little matrimonial affair has lately occurred in Ballarat East, the main mover in which has been one of the members of the police force stationed in that borough. It appears he had been paying his addresses for some time back to the sister of one of his colleagues in the force, but after matters bad been finally settled between the pair, a dispute occurred, which had the effect of breaking off the engagement. Tile constable then turned his thoughts in another direction, and very soon afterwards proposed mid was accepted by another fair qne, and tfje njarriagc was arranged to take pjaco at tho house of a friend on Saturday. Every thing appeared settled, for the constable, accompanied by his apparent intended, made arrangements with a Roman Catholic clergy- man to perform the ceremony on the day named, and the dresses had all been bought and other ar- rangements completed for the expected wedding. The morning caine and passed, but no constable appeared, and the anxious expectant bride at length made her way to the chapel in hopes of meeting him there, hut in this she was disap- pointed. She was there, however, informed by another member of the loree (who was only wait- ing for the clergyman to get married himself), that the missing constable had that morning left for Melbourne by the early train with his first sweet heart.aiid their errand left her little reason to doubt that she had been jilted. In the interests of lave and constancy, it is to be bopc4 that this doublp iufldelity will be dirty punished by the lady who has at last succeeded in taking tlijs slippery cus- tomer in charge," Mr. W. Lockhart Morton, thu3 writes to the Argus on the subject of the weather : After a week of sultry weather, and almost equally sultry nights, in the interior, this morn- ing, on the Lower Goulburn, felt unusually warm. About eight o'clock, having reached Murchison, a strong hot blast suddenly sprang up from N.N.W., the sky having throughout the early morning exhibited those peculiar fleecy clouds always observed during hot winds. As the day advanced, the atmosphere became more in- tensely hot, and the heat of the sun more over- powering, ami no relief from the almost suffocat- ing hot blast was experienced till reaching Sandhurst at a quarter past seven p.m., when a cool wind, accompanied with clouds of dust, carne up from the S.W. On reaching Castlemaine about eight o'clock, a slight ram began to fall. 1 fear that bush fires liavo caused a terrible loss to in- dividuals and to the colony generally. I have never before witnessed so many and such wide-spread conflagrations. As seen from the railway train hush fires on the right mid left lit up the sky almost everywhere. Between tlie Campaspe and Sandhurst, the country was nearly all on fire. Cultivated fields and fences were burning, mid in sonic places the fimocs qn either side of the railway were being'cói'isiimed. Between Sandhurst anil Castlemaine, the Alex- andrine Hange, and'Mount Alexander itself, pre- sented a magnificent spectacle. The grass hud been all consumed, but millions of burning trees and logs were seen over the whole face ol' the hills. Mnny of the farmers in the neighborhood are said to have had their fences and produce con- sumed. At Kyneton we are told that farmhouses mid farm produce had been completely destroyed, in some cases the occupants hardly escaping with | their lives. The wind being from the north-west it has probably been general in this colony, and was perhaps experienced yesterday in Soutli Aus- tralia ; and I fear that both in tho sister colony and in this, such destruction of property has taken placo as will cause this calamity to be long rememborad in Australia. The Argus says : We «re informed that it is proposed by the friends of the late Right Rev, Dr. Geoghcgan, Bishop of Adelaide and Goulburn, to commemo- rate his public services to Victoria, as its first Catholic missionary, by purchasing lrom England » memorial window of stniuvd glass, for the great western window of St. Patrick's Cathedral, A magnificent design by Hardman, valued at £1000 the subject of which is the Ascensional out Lord, has been submitted for this purpose, and approved of by the bishop and architect of the church. A likeness of the late bishop will be introduced amongst the crowd of awestricken bystanders, with a suitable scroll, intended to be an everlasting memorial of the affec- tionate esteem of the subscribers, and an ever-present appeal for the prayers of the faithful in his behalf. Subscription-lists will be prepared in the course of a few days, and left at the principal banking establishments aud public places in Melbourne. A well-known West Australian settler and explorer, writing to a friend in Melbourne, says: " The printed reports upon the capabilities of our north-west are not to be relied upon. I can speak with certainty about the Nicol Bay country, having seen it. The published reports upon its capabilities are very greatly exaggerated; My brothers say that the good country in the neigh- borhood of the Glenelg is of nothing like the extent that the newspaper reports state it to be." The Messrs. Gordon Brothers launched from their building-yard, on the banks of the Yarra, yesterday afternoon, a new schooner, named the Lady Don. There was a large concourse of spectators to witness the ceremony. The Lady Don is 75ft. Gin. in length, 20ft. Oin. in breadth, 6ft. Tin. in depth, and is of about 200 tons burthen. 