ITEMS OF NEWS. It will be . seen by a telegram appended to our report oflast night's proceedings in, Parliament, that the Government propose ; expending £1,161,700 on Water Supply. We were informed last night- at Taradale, that the Lady Barkly Company at; that place have struck gold. ' The first truck of earth gave, 5oz 12dwt of gold. , . - : A female infant, eight months old, was con veyed to the district /hospital, yesterday after- noon, suffering from -an extensive burn m the face and hands, received: by falling in:the 'fire while her .mother turned round .to fulfil some of her , domestic duties. v The.sprobabilitylof - The child's recovery is extremely doubtful. " Thefol lowing brigade prder hiis been/issued : —Volunteer Office,' Melboufne/iUi.June,. 1865- ." As a mark of respect . to, Lhe , memory ,;of late Captain F, A. Powletf,: the. officers of Lieut. Col Bull's battalion, will; wear a piece ; of black crape round the left arm iabove the elbow tor three months from the 9th insc.'' - Referring 4o this, we understand that, previous to its being promulgated, Colonel Bull had directed ' mourn ing to be worn for one month,- a length of time which we believe" is equal to the moiirning of the British army in the even t of a. sovereign's death. What it is that induces Colonel Ander son to pay ; siich extravagant honor to the memory of Captain Powlett, we really cannot understand. He has already intimated/ that volunteers will exhibit bad taste if they should dance within; a/month, and now he has put some of tliem in sables for a quarter of ,a year. We cannot refrain from expressing pur sense of the utter absurdity of these brigade orders from the Volunteer. Officer " r . A meeting of the Chewton Bush-fire Relief Committee was held on Tuesday evening at the Town Hall, Chewton. The object of the meet ing was to wind up the affairs of the committee. The treasurer's books showed a balance of £13, expenses, had to be paid, and that £35 was due to Mr Fletcher on the assessment of damage done to his property. It appeared that the funds had not received the full increase promised by the Elphinstone people. It was resolved to first pay off the liability for expenses, and then hand over any balance remaining to Mr Fletcher, if not exceeding £35. It was also determined to publish the names of all subscribers in default at closing day. A vote of thanks was unani mously accorded to Mr T. L. Brown and Mr Sparks, for their exertions in behalf of the ob ject for which the committee was formed. The Mayor congratulated the people of Chewton on the liberality they had displayed on the occasion of the bush- fire calamity, and then declared the committee dissolved. It will be remembered that,, some months agq, ; a Dumber lo'f married feiuales were ; summoned j under the Publican's Act for sly-grog selling, ; and mulct in the sum of £5 each and costs. Most of those persons being, next to penniless, asked lor time to pay the fine, /which, was -granted them, but of course, for a very good reason, took no further notice of the matter, nor for a lengthy period, was any notice; taken of/them, , and latterly they began to imagine they, bad got off scot free. Recently, however, without re ceiving the slightest warning, they were very unceremoniously taken into, custody . by the; police, marched through the streets, and iiicarr cerated in the cold ceils of the gaol,! several of > them accompanied by their little ones. Among the number was a Mr.j; Davie, of Grave-street, who however was not accompanied by any of her j family, and it is a great pity she was not, for her three little children, one of .them under three years of age, are in a most heartrending com. dition, having been left without a. single. penny in the house, or any means qf procuriiig a; meal; For several days past these three little creatures have been without the least particle of fire, and; had not the neighbors provided" them with .fodd; must have literally staVyed. This is a sad state of things, and assuredly visiting the sins of the parents upon the children with a vengeance! Mrs Davie has a husband living, but his where about is not known. v .. A day or two agb two miners, Harry Bluff and mate, tub-and-cradle men, working in Golden Gully, found a fine nugget -weighing 27 ounces. ; ; It has often been a matter of surprise that the land in Barker- street, opposite to the coach, manufactory has not ere now been occupied by any buildings. We observe that Mr Vincent,' of Forest-creek, lias commenced erecting a wea therboard louse in the locality, and probably this may lead to other tenements springing up on that available piece of crown land. The days of the Colonial Insurance Company, writes our Melbourne correspondent, are num bered. While the Australasian Company, the Queen, the Accidental, and other companies show signs of a vigorous life, the Colonial has sunk into a moribund condition. To- day a special general meeting of the shareholders, was held at the Melbourne Mechanics' Institute, for the purpose of taking the requisite steps for the winding up of the company, in terms of the 100th clause of the deed of settlement. The hon. J. McCrae occupied the chair, there were between 140 and 150 shareholders present. It was moved by Mr Brown, seconded by Captain MacMahon, and carried, " That the business and affairs of the Colonial Insurance Company be forthwith wound up, either by an absolute sale of the assets and business or by the trans fer of shares to another Company, or otherwise, in such manner as the said directors shall in their discretion consider most advantageous and expedient," The meeting then closed. . ' ' . .... .,! ; - . ... Cf/Y/rii j . 