THE (,OULBIURNI IIOSPITAL. court house, MIr. Joseph Collins in the chair. The Troneurei, tli6d R. W?V, -Sowerby, read tho' b'alanceoshoot as follows:-; ' :Ill 1)y. W. nSowno Y'' ACCOUT 1t0101 TIlE GOOULBURN toi'tro.u0d Ci'Tilt o ittun 1801. "i" ~ ii yq?, "P ". .'?';.:. "..." • To ciosh from colonial trenasurer .. ., 1 10 subscrlbers and donors... iao08 5 9 0 p : , ?S..... £ s. d. , balance.fueaunrd . n. '..d . 1? 03 ? - Th. csh retnryd toe pate'. W.: Ros.,' 'r,'." th a u0 ' .IwttycsHI ,R AN.",, "R?,,, OP TH; OLU "IST,"CT .l printtga nd statoneryt •. .l,.,",, ,tn man ee f . bnnyanto ratleth . 07. . . l O .' : iFm~IPEdlelncs'. ' : :..?'.' ..,;?.;. . 39 11 0: ;.I? ! , superintendent, end rations'for ditto ,.. 120 , 0 O ·' , ,rpall'ngs;. .. . ' 70 0 0. S:, calal for rn?dtcs, to plolo r t ho t14 1n pttysuodril u, ,n. ,.. , . ,8 th '1 , eollo;rlngfupns... .,,,. ,,,, . I. 11 a 0 " cv . nhncoofp. ...n.tn",,. .... ......"; 0 10, .' onds lnos whc ate10esddpvost aditsin0 hvno oclitondo, nodagg Wrgatn fo dtt a s o a Thessrsptonglof and revsortad 000neshe 1 a0 The Seeron, ry, t o ere~rY,:oss; ithdeR tho annual odcal~ foflcrs DrsO Wood, h anordc 21nord 11 m4 witonadtrl. ,.N lo n l I 0ad 7 nd colrs.icellog foos.............30yon 1 oll0 0 Bl . . .I.OSPI , AL., - TLhe twd~ty-thirdl anuuul report of tile Onulburn IlospitaI I?. Row saubmitted far tile eonslderatlori of the sulrscrlbeprs nnd o. oScrtap i As tr o s tlo purposes oad the hosltl are roeheot, e"re- n arriedouts frr. Onbl heed thle eom~tlinfibh?'? on y reiterate the stalemeIntsm~do in ,all tlle preeodlng repnorts, 'dr' ?.?' pg~~r~~eso aned mannagement nfth a instTtuoion.A l " TO U"." • • o TIot they regret to stante thot otho support rendered to taI tfunds~is sby no mLcns in proportion to the populatlo aolid ?os ofd tile 11is0trict. One t hurc dred and thfrteen poun0l novlrs tiro subdcrlptlog lpst for tloe past yenr, on amount indie ofitlliR the little interest tthen in thse tnltitnuthand the oustder tymlitoy mranirestd for thatt is at once so hllrtabk., ro Is-embrhylng in its oIjcatS, and so pro idispnsble to tha Zonlmuuity. 'C'rittle thro nIbcrltly on tile port ot thtose who i re looked to naftoilly fe moens, nd~, moreover, nhoso duty it is, both on moral antI oel'WiS'11tts:da,, to give occording to thelr ability, wnould plaeo thle losp?dtnlna ihf'tln dhantlseotata ofindepcndcuce, nod freelt froni emanrcostniert'5 dicoilrfetcr g nd pntofil, Thoe rotmmlttee tako tlls apelortonlly, ila ooo'antlaetltn end approvnl of tilld oeellng, of n~plealiug to thlt geo.tnoey.?[.qf gtlle inhahltdnto of tile district, under tile lull porsuscln that their rharltable fllngos Nill prompt theon to inerasos thle frosds of thle hospital, and render It nt lest adequate In mote tIle good end for wshlih it is established. 4ilscty ptients t were admitted during tile yenr 1801. Of tlsoe siety-two wero dischlarged cured or relieved, and nielteen died i ene of iltose relieved was sentto the ilencvoleot Asylunl, Oydney. Seven of tho admiuiono canme from Itle police magistrale or lbs policc One died one tour otter ndmnisiou into hlospitnl. t1o tiled rftr one day ecnhl Is htospitl, ota lived fer 1.0 days, nothler 5 d'iyltnn.s re!ieved iso itI days, ond one still rcaname untler trcaolest. Oorh ndsaissions ore grsloitouna ana5 ta;cr heavly on tile limited resosrces of the ioslpital, TIle tlo2s non ee?oeLe5 f.o;o tile police-roort are small, ond ilndcqonto to tile ouplilpet of tiloso wsho ore thus soot upon tile funds. There do?s not tppenr to be an0 limit to tile power of the police mtglstrate ito ocendiog pauper pntlents for trenltcnt, ond utdvc tlte clrcum. s.taleosseotte steps slould be taloe to lesson, at leos,, tilte htncccs of its too extenslvo enercise. 1hae:e on4ales store ndttitted during the year; tentoy-niee out.door ioLerlo ttO 3Fo treated duroit Ilte sattoe pcriod. As to tilt various dthle yarticulnars eonntcted ,vwIth the sesrovl taitiento, see tle mottdieoi rflbly O.?tabhcd. Tite comttollee hare much pleastoro Iu toi filicothttt !l:.!r con. fidecee i lthe eouereuntendent, nod in Itoharlong tlteir otsiiitltut testlnlonoy to lIs onremittlog otore, tnd excelleut monneomeno of ths lostitutons. TIhe medical ollicers' report ohoncd tlht ninoty pallents !ltd .beto under trcantoont during the ycaar. Of tIose dloebiorgtd re;)c,:ad, Otto wtt- sent to tlle tcnevolant oAsyluts. The suuober of to't'ulllhlt gdolltted doorig tile year tas twelee. Tito numobr of out-l patielu itay Cd oluring tile yesr as twenty.-ive. Tie anvecrta duraltion of noah p.toeg itt Ilosp'lni w 2s T533-00 oayo. The average ngo of eahl patllit was 41 h3-.n years. Of tloeae patients 31 cero natlves of Elot. iard; 28 of Irclrod; of Scotlanod; 18 of Atralia; 1 of America; lo fl t ernetmy 1 of West Iodia; I of Elst India; 20 of Cltlun . 9 20rsen op°l.opealuso : i4re n lomro Catholltoties; 10 srer 'rcesbytesians; 14 wateo feslcyans; 1 t.tholnedan.; 2 were Prgnos. listricts In wsltlch patients resldedl prevlous to admlasion : Adelog, 1 ;llerrlmna, 1; Ilraidwood. 1 ; Iurrangong, 2: fool. hrcp, 071 3insoeroo, 1t; (ueanboyan, 2: Sydaey, T; Shtoal haseo, i Tueoa, 11 Wnhga "Wogga 21; Yota, 4. The ndoption o" tIo report and balanco-shct was then moved by l\\[r. Peno5e, tcgsdod by MIr. Dull, and carried. Tho olbetioen of oflico-boarers wans then procedeod withi rfsulting as followso -l'residtut, Alexooaodtr Aodgraon, E~sel." Secretary, thle Slav. y1r. .oss" .edinctl oflicors, Dos. WVoogh and Ihanford; Com ait~tdo"--Mon's. 2!. Ilo Alroy and fl:. I. C.ttud, and Mdesaro. I'ul! .Ioassraav, ur,.:ord, ionyon, Colli)o, flail, and W~. E. Dig-n?.."" ..''" " A vote of thanks to theo fhlirlnan hpving tccp car1. clod the meoting torilnatod, THE BUSHRANGERS.—Mr. Kimberley has sent word to town that the money supposed to have been taken from his lad by the bushrangers on Thursday last was found on the following morning. A great many reports have been flying about since Saturday with respect to the whereabouts of the bushrangers; but none of them are very reliable, and several have been found to be erroneous. In one case three policemen in disguise, and in another three travellers were mistaken for Hall and his gang. One of the parties of police who are in search of the bushrangers is accompanied by a young gentleman as a volunteer. We have information that on Sunday week last an affray occurred between the police and the bushrangers, and which hitherto has not been made public though the news reached the reporters last week. It seems that Hall, Gilbert, and Dunn called at Alfred Cramp's farm, on the Crookwell, near Binda, in this district, and ordered dinner. While there a party of police headed by a sub-inspector, whose name has not transpired, and Detective Jag- gers, and numbering in all five, including one or two volunteers, approached the house. They were perceived by the bushrangers or by some one on the look-out, and the police perceiving that this was the case dismounted, as there were some fences between them and the house. They then rushed up on foot; but too late to prevent the bush rangers mounting their horses. Several shots were exchanged and the bushrangers escaped. With reference to an opinion lately expressed— that news which appears in the papers must be furnished by the persons whose names are mentioned—it may be stated that this does not by any means necessarily follow; and on the contrary it generally happens that the persons whose names appear in print have not in any way communicated with the reporters. It is not likely that the opinion referred to is generally held; and it is surprising that it should be enter tained in any quarter; but as it has been recently expressed the present opportunity is taken of show ing that it is erroneous. POLICE REPORT.—On Saturday James English, brought up on remand charged with maliciously wounding a heifer the property of William Boyd, of Tarago, was further remanded till Monday.—On Monday he was again brought before the court. Constable Long proved his arrest and also that he had seen the animal in a wounded condition, and had since searched for but was unable to find her. Michael P. Sweeney, a boy of eight years of age, proved having seen prisoner shoot the heifer; he told witness to say that John Frost did it. The prisoner was committed for trial at the next assizes. John Ronan was brought up charged with stealing a saddle belonging to Patrick Roach. The saddle had been stolen from a tent on the Bungonia road and was found in prisoner's possession. Committed for trial at the assizes. Tuile EscrsTr. LarT .on AnRGYLE.-Tho list of voters for tile electoral district of Argyle is now com ploto and will shortly be opened for inspection. There are 2113 names against 1914 last year. 522 names have been added to the old list and 323 struck off, leaving a not increase of 199. Those struck off are classed thus:-boed, 23; left the dis trict 128; not of ago, 13; .outside the boundaries of the district, 27; not known, 108; and put down twice, 21. Spo'oTIro.--On Saturday last a match for £30 to £20 was run boetwen Mr. Isaac Fenton's grey geld ing and Mr. J. King's grey mare Quicksilver, three miloe, one event. The mare was ridden by M. McAlister and the horse by G. Siggs. The former won easily. 4nothpr match to come off noet month for £25 a-side has boon made betweoe the same animals. TiuE GOLD Eseoar.-The escort leaving for Sydney to-day will take down the following quan tities of gold:-From Goulburn, 120 ozs. 18 dwts.; and from Tumut, 723 oes. 6 dwts. 4 gres. A NEW VERSION OF THE LATE BUSHRANGING AFFRAY AT COLLECTOR.—Greville and Bird's tele gram to the Bathurst Free Press has the following, of the truth of which those who have read the re ports in the Goulburn papers will be able to judge: —Yesterday, Hall's gang took possession of the Collector road, and ransacked Hood's, besides stick ing up fifty people. Dunn was shot dead, and also Constable Nelson, who leaves a widow and eight children. CuncItn oP ENGLAND.-.The Wagga Wagga Express' states that on Monday a large public zmAntinwtAmajlda13_at Wugga i,age ;y , hhi' should be free. The Rev. S. Fox atated that the system of letting seats had proved a failure and prevented people attending church. He was on principle opposed to making any charge for sit tings. Three fourths of the meeting declared in favor of having the sittings free. New M1oAGIST.rss.rS.-The undormontioned gentle men have been appointed magistrates of the colony: "'ilitis Cosgrov, iun., Esq., Billilingera; Andraw Kerr, jun.; Et., W?,ellwoo~; qiud - Wallis, Esq., Borce. PunLIC APPOINTMrENTs.- George Henry Rowley, Esq., to be police-magistrate at Borrima; Theodore James Jaques, Esq., to be registrar-general; and James Robertson, Esq., to be the returning-officer of the electoral district of the Tumut. . OIaxon.-At Golden Point claim, Wentworth, the ,'r.ing of thirty tons of quartz has just been com pleted.' )?id ycl I ;il ca)es of '0 lbs. each, 300 lbs. weight of gold 'hied at ~12,03 Sterling.-.ele gram to :. l..ferd. .. . WEST MAITLAND.--Friday, 3 p.m .- Mary Wentworth Dickson, not appearing on summons to answer a charge of perjury at East Maitland, a warrant has been issued.-Telegram to S. M. Herald. BRIslANE.-Friday, 6 p m.-Theo attorney- general hasp given notice of his intention to institute criminal proceedings against the proprietors of the Courier, for a libol alleged to be contained in a leading article in that paper on the 10th of January, in which tlp conduct of thoattorney-gonoral,in his double capacity of grand jury and practising as a barrister, is com mented upon.-Telegram to S. AI. Herald. Tisi TELEGRAPII DAwMAGED BY A GoosE.-An in terruption in the line of telegraph occurred on Tres day evening, occasioned by the flight of a flock of geese, one of which came in contact with the wire under the old brewery, and, lifting the wire and Tisishl'jtrs qLE tv"o or three of the pins, occasioned a breakago oflthe oliue". ' lie damage was not re paired till the following day;-(-;ianboyin 4ggt. M?eLasounIN.-Friday, 7 p m.-The govarrinment have declined to permit the Shenandoah to remain in port longer than forty-eight hours, unless it can be shown that requisite repairs render a further stay imperative. Some of the officers have been made honorary members of the oMelbourno Club. Great numbers of persons have visited the vessel, which apI.e.ari i f?nl order. Groeat excitement provails in consoeqiuenhcof tj . pro:ecnes of the Confederate steamer. Every Ameritdn i tolpo in tho gitly disjj.yo the American flag~ -Tlo debate on the tqriflets 'osi poned to Tuesday next. 'he soft goods trado e mt to discuss the matter and a proposal was adopted that it would be bettor to accept the ad valorem duties as preferable to measurement, seeing that the tariff would be carried. It was stated that the govern ment had intimated a willingness to meet the views of traders, and the discussion was therefore ad journed.-Saturday, 7 p.m. The visit of the Con federato steamer Shenandoah is still a subject of roeat eC?iltseuta. A cabinet meeting was hold to day, to con?id'i?"her'stay, forlt-eigft hosgs haing almost expired without any" oficial idport hai'ng been sent in respecting the repairs needed. It is re ported that the government will order her immediate departure, as they are opposed to the open sympathy manifested towards the Confederates, and which, it is feared, may take some form at variance with ctri, i noutrality. It is said that, being an auxiliary steoam'-vesal, the macirory is not necessary for the safety of the Shsonand'orih. n' ipnt?aeiy bitLtp fepl ing hiss beeoo etngendered amongst the Aliericafn residents hero who have hitherto been friondly? Several of them have openly declared themseolves in favour of the Confederatoe cause, and amnongst them the lato American consul, who acts as chaperon to the oitferj of the Shonandoah.-Telegrams to S. M. Herald. SxSOIIusisy A.tONOST THIe MAioosaa.---Qf all places in the world one would be least of all likely' t'oe;': pect to mootsnobboery amongst the natives of Now Zealand; but it scorns that even' there it is to be found. The Otago Daily Times says:-" There are snobs amongst the Maories. One dignified gentlo man, reioicing in the name of Rio, has lately insisted on the Europeans who are cutting the road through the Waitotara block, in the Wellington province, touching their hats to him !" '?is Whl4EAT Cuorss. fu.-Tho Tenterfield corres pondent of the M?isitland Mercury writes:-T'ho -wheat crop is exceedingly gobd, and saved in good order.' According 'to a statement mkdo' by Mr. Erasmus -Styles,' there are' about 10,000 bushels of wheat in this district for the presontheason, averaging from fifteen'to twenty-five bushels per acre; of supe iqor quality. Corn appears to grow luxuriantly vgprywhero, idel dro glad to ssa the farmers do. lighted in having good crops without grumbling. Potatoes were never so good in quality, and in quan tity exceed all expectations; and it is no exoggora tion to say this is the finest season for the crops since the township has been settled. The Tamworth Examiner of last Saturday says:-A large quantity of the wheat crop has yet to be thrashed, but what has already come to hand is of a superior description, weighing as high as sixty-five and sixty-six pounds to the bushel. Sellers are holding out for 10s. per bushel. A NoTonlous FoncER. - The Rockhampton Bulletin of 20th ultimo remarks:-" A country sub scriber favours us with some information relative to Mr. A. Kirchner, that prompts a regret so adroit a vagabond should have escaped his deserts last ses sions. The following particulars are the latest of Mr. Kirchnor's known transactions:--" A young gentleman passed himself off as a Mr. Scott, a squatter, and handed me a cheque for £40 15s. Gd., drawn by Mr. Buchanan. I gave him change; as soon as he was gono I began to be doubtful as to its genuineness; accordingly I rodedo forthwith to Mr. IBuchanan, who told me the amount was altered. He issued a cheque for £4 15s. 6d. to Mr. Scott, two days ago; I had a warrant for his appre hension, and he was taken out on the o'Barcoo Range, turning out to be the already notorious Anton Kirchner." Our informant then details several other alterations of cheques, including one from £8 to £80, and adds, our readers will be gratified to learn, that Kirchner is committed for trial on several charges. In a later issue of that journal we find the following:--"A rumour is current that Anton Kirclnor and another prisoner have escaped from the Springsuro lock-up, and lovanted with five or six others." INJURIES BY FLY-BITE.—Several cases have oc curred lately of persons having had poison intro duced into the system through being stung by common house-flies on small sores about the face or hands, and in some of the cases fatal results have been narrowly escaped. Two of them have just come under our notice. Onee is James McConnell, baker and drayman, of Bolton-street, who on Friday, the 20th instant, was stung by a house fly on a small sore on the knuckle of the middle finger of the right hand. The hand immediately began to swell, and, although medical assistance was at once obtained, and remedial measures applied, by the next morning the whole of the hand and arm were swollen to an enormous size, and the inflam mation was extending itself to the trunk. Dr. Bowker, by the free application of caustic to the hand and arm, succeeded in arresting the progress of the inflammation, which by the skilful treatment adopted has now almost subsided, although the back of the hand is still considerably swollen. The other case is that of a resident of Newcastle, a man named Davis, who was stung on the arm by a fly at Morpeth, last week, and who for a day or two was in a very precarious state, but is now better. Per sons having the slightest wounds on the skin should have them carefully covered to prevent the possi bility of the accidents that so frequently occur.— Newcastle Chronicle. DesTIucrv'I FPauE AT GRUseIaN.-At Mr. Robert Morton's place at Grubbin, a destructive fire occurred last weekl, by which five or six tons of wheat, two bales of wool, and various articles of farm use were destroyed, one horse also being severely burnt. The fire did not attack the dwelling-house, but was con fined to the shed and out-buildings, and is attributed entirely to accidental causes, it being supposed that one of those about the place, going to the stable in a hurry with a lighted pipe to got a horse to go and look after a bush-fire raging close at hand, may have dropped a spark or so, which, after inouldering for some time, burst into flame. - Wagge Wagga Express. A fearful catastrophe is recorded by the H. T. Advertiser on the 17th. " It appears, (says our con temporary,) that the family of a man named Thomas Riley, consisting of himself, his wife, and four children, resided there in a hut. Between twelve and one o'clock at night, while the husband was at Cambridge, the mother came home, unfortunately the worse for liquor, and left the candle upon the bed, and in charge of the poor little children, one of whom upset it. The bed soon caught fire, and, almost as quickly as it takes to write this, the hut was all in flames. Seeing this, the little girl, only seven years of age, courageously dragged out two of the children, and was about to secure the third, when, the roof falling in, she became suffocated, and mercy of the flames. The poor little creature was burned literally to a cinder; not a vestige of the furniture was saved, and the unfortunate children were left entirely naked, every stitch of clothes being burnt. The mother, in a state of helplessness, managed to get out of the hut, and the children saved were much burnt." IMPOUNDED AT BR.IIDWOOD, on the 21st January, from Beder Vale paddock, by Mrs. Mary Richardson: trespass 3s. cach:-Bay horse, docked tail, black points, JO over C over e over NB near shoulder, likltcoW on lock, JW on ribs near aide, 7 years old, 141 hahds highi; brdwn mare, switch tail, star, mr over S off shoulder, lik'e M in circle ol'tr EB near shoulder, 7 years old, 14 hands high, a bay filly foal by side, star, unbranded; bay filly, switch tail, star, indistinct brand near shoulder, 2 years old, 14 hands high.- Also, on the 23rd January, from same place; damages 3s.:-Brown horse, switch tail, star, near hind foot white, PW (like PW conjoined and P roversid) on nbar shduldor fnd on near thigh, ; years old; a 14 hands "igh. If not rdleoaed; will be sold on the 233rd of Fobruary.-'-W. 'Slirpe, poundkoepcr.-Qs,. Qd. IT?louNDED A4 COLLECTQsR, on 21st January, from the estate of A. G. D. Huthwbaito, Esq., Wollogorang, for trespass; damages 18. Gd. each i-Red bullook, D in diamond near rump, No. 9 near shoulder, slit in near ear; white bullock, bit off both ears, SN near rump, TAMI over S near ribs, S near shoulder. If not released, on or before the 20th February, they will be sold.-S. Crowther, poundkeeper.-ls. Od. I.MrPOUNDED AT GUNNINo , on 21st January, from Frankfieold estate; damages 2s. 6d. each :-Brown horse, star, hind feet white, PH near shoulder, 7 years old, 15: hands high; black mare, star, SJ near shoulder, 16 hands high. If not released before the 20th February, they will be sold.-WV. Rudd, poundkeeper.-3s. 3d. IMPOUNDED AT Bono, on 22nd January, from Duck Flat, by P. Carnoy, damages 15s. :-Brown pintiro polt, stir, " years old, unbrandod.- Also, on the same dateo rom "6wýpr "oro, by P. Barrott, damages 2s. :-Brown 'horse, broken-in, Wvitch tail, off fore foot enlarged, branded like IY off shoulder. -Also, on the 23rd, from Long Swamp, by Mr. John Hyland, damages 7s. 6d. :-Black mare, star, broken in, branded H with 3 over off shoulder. If not released, will be sold according to Impounding Act.-J. Williams, poundkeeper.-4s. 9d. 