AQRIODLTUEE IN THE AUSTRA1IAS. I he 'Tiroes' newspaper lately published a very strong article on tho agriculture of Australia. . On tlie ' ipso dixit' of a correspondent it cedes tho palm to tbo capability of Victoria over all the other colonies for . tho multiplication of thriving farms and homesteads. It cer- tainlv RDnma i. « . , — v«.v»wu uajf iiuiv our menus across tho Atlantio are so frequently imposed upon. It is not very long since tlie Thunderer was ogregiously mistaken and laughed for ano ther of its queer notions, in calling New South Wales the Capital City of tho Southern World. It's error in distinguishing Victoria as tho most capable of tho Australian group fur tho culture of cereals may well provoke another burst of laughter and derision. It maintains that not only is tlio soil more prolific in tho production of cereals, but that its climate is more ' humid' than that of New South Wales, arid consequently its plains less arid. \v» recommend its editor a summer retrcnt on this side the equator in our Australian olimo, and a visit to South Australia, New South Wales, and Queensland especially. The experiencing tho effeots of tho clouds of dust to be met with in Victoria, especially in and ab'out Melbourne, would cause him to return very differently im pressed. indeed. Some years ago South Aus tralia fell mercilessly uudcr his pen as a coun try only fitted for sheep-farming: it's arid plains aud scorching wastes were pronounced by -him os only adapted for sheep-walks. Tlio arrival there, however, of a few practical far mers soon putanendtothis erroneous decision ; rer tuo ureauing up of their arid plains and scorching wastes, and sowing them with wheat, produced abundant crops, which proved to bo most welcome in Mark Lano, and its quality excited general admiration. Added to Victo rian capability for wheat-growing, tho Thon- dercr goes on to relate how marvellously tho now land law in that colony bus Worked toitu towering advantage over tho sistor colooieB. Should the editor of that journal ever visit Queensland, wo think ho would experienco no difficulty in finding laud equal in fertility to any that can bo found cither in South Aus tralia, Now South Wales, or Victoria— and, what is of equal importance, a climate quite as congenial and healthy. Being some degrees nearer tho Equatorial line, we may at times, in some parts of our young colony, experienco greater heat than. our neighbours, but wo are less liable to extreme changes of weather than tho rest of tho colonies. Aud it is these groat extremes that most affeot the vegetable portion of the creation, as well as tlio animal and tho human constitution in partiouiar. Somo parts <«f the hottest climates of the universe are ex- eiupt from tbo extreme scorching sun; even bo- tween the tropics. It is commonly known by travellers and tourists, wd prcsuiuo, that in Italy, Spain, France, .Portugal, and America, all of . them warmer climates than England, some portions of .'these territories enjoy a far colder climate ; so much so, that pcrpotoal snow caps their giddy heights all the year round. Ilere in Toowoomba, and throughout immense tracts of the Darling Downs, situotcd so many thousand feet abovo tho soa, we enjoy a temperature far cooler than many of tha other parts of our own colony, as well as of our neighbouring colonics. We have, too, as expe rience proves, a moiHtcr Climate, both in more seasonable rain fall and heavy dows, tban fall to tho lot of our sister colonics, which adds much to tho value of our land for agrioulturc. The few harvests that we have already reaped givo bright prospects of our occupying a most honourable position amongwbeat-growingeoun. tries, both for quality and quantity. There are few spots on the earth's broad surface that can produce" more luxuriant crops of grain tban bavo been grown in this district during tlia, last two or three years. At. -tlio present time two fields of wheat are being reaped within a quarter of a mile of where we are writing the ears of which equal in weight any we remem ber seeing in South Australia, the grain being being very plump and full, and the estimated quautity to the acre varying from thirty-five to forty bushels. To give farmers at a ' dis tance an idea of tho pleasure they would expe rienco from being tho owners of suoh lands and crops, wo may add that tho straw is very equal in height, not more than four feot, rind entirely free from weeds. When our farming population shall have become more settled, so that labour can he more regularly depended upon, and whon our furmers shall havo passed through the first heavy ordeal of fencing io and breaking up their lands, and can afford to apply their whole time and capital to sowing, planting, and gntboring in their crops, jio think we shall show a greater produce than any other colony has yet done in the short poriod of our history of indepcndcoco. As to the landlaw lately introduced in Victoria, we fail to seo any of its superior advantages to tho laud order system of Queensland. Comparisons are said to be odious, but at times are essential to draw, and in reply to the ' Times' correspon dent, wc must state, with all due deference to his opinions, that in our judgment/ both as to the number of our population in a given period and their success in tho different walks of life, Queensland hears very favourable comparison with the other colonies, being excelled by none except Sooth Australia, where tho more general prosperity of her people is entirely owip' 'o tho cjoro equitablo disposition of the j. j lands, the "Jvantoces derivahlo thernfrnm JlS .4S! more equally divided and pastoral occupants of the soil, and conse quently more generally diffused amongst all classes: of the colony. There inny be a clanse desirable to add to our larid order systom, re quiring a positive personal residence in tho colony by emigrants, before grautiflg 'them a title to their promised land, on their coming to oar shores — but this is of easy addition, and requires only tho cslm consideration of our Parliament to bring into practice. The oppor- 'unity should not bo given to persons, immi grating to Queensland to sell thi.ii. i..a _.j - immediately after their arrival, and depart with the cash.to spend it in other colonies, without making an attempt to settle upon the land given them, or endeavouring to find employ ment. Wo think that a colony which holds out such inducements as Queensland evidently does for emigration, should at least for n time enjoy the value of emigrants' labour and set tlement—if not permanently, at least for two «t threo years /rom their landing on our shores. Land order speculators, and others enjoying a profitable trade in theso valuable bits of paper no doubt will kick at the alterations we sun! gest. But if WO study general interests as wo are bound to do, wo havo a right to see that wo do not give our land away for next to no- thing— for nothing, wc repeat, but a profit and very large one to made by land speculators and hosts of agents in Brishnno, who buy land orders far below their real value, and enable a fow wealthy men to become princely land-own ers at a cost far less in proportion than men of moderate means have to pay, and which enable tho thoughtless to revel in debauchery, or to quit our soil and carry our'moriey and their Jalour to another market. TnoNnEBSTORii.— On Sunday moraine last appearances indicated that we iVjre ibout to have a change in the weather-that the rain io long nnx lously wished for was on the point of being vouch safed us. From between nine and ten o'clock in the racrning thick murky clouds possed'.lowly over tho rnngo from tho eastward, spreading in all d|. rections, finally enveloping the entire horizoa quarter to an hour and a half- and appeared te l." genera over the district. The rain then cleared off " but the sky was thick and murky until shortly before sunset, and tho temperature so much changed ! .ul .T ,K Vplrasnntly warm it beenme un. pleasantly cool— SO ranch so as to render an extra tont desirable out of doors, und a fire within no- cessnry for cheerfulness and comfort. Tuesday wa. cloudy until near noon, but no rain fell. For a short timo tlio atmosphere was more cool and pleasant than during tlio two or three previous wnrnfas before! " WS DOt ?uile »' PnE- KMPTivn Puhciiabes ArmovED.-Tho Co omimeirt GWe of the 18th instant states that' in f? irv!S Pr0'eraPllve purehnses wore approved on tlio 10th, payments for which are to be made ou or before tlio 31bt proximo — -Mp<jkm \»_r , ft'iber't' T' AT" vf "IB W'silronk run" !n 1 T rica'" of dondaryan ruu and Hood, 432 acres of the Talgai niri. Toowoomba Uobtital. — A meeting of tho cora- .milteo of tho'abovo. institution was held ou Tues day lost,' principally to' consider tho tenders sent in for tbo supply, of broad and meat to thu Hospi- tnl. A letter was read from tho Colonial Secre- tary s olhco stating that tho Colonial Treasurer had, by an ExccUtlve minute, boon instructed to forward to.tho Committce.tho sum- of £400, and . that othor suras would bo forwarded if such were nocossury. For broad, two tondcrs were sent in, Mr. Morton, at 8d. per 2lb. loaf, and Mr. J. A. ' PUilHns, 7Jd. Tho tender of Mr. Philliiis-wns ac- cnptcdv For'mcat, Messrs. Boillton aha Little, J. Keating, mid Henry Hatton tendered, Tho whole, however, tendered, at one price— beef at 3d., niut- . ton at 4d. It transpired that the fact of nil ten- . during at tho same price arose from a combination among tho butchers to charge no lower price than -that specified in tho tenders, and thnt they had mutually agreed, and had, in point of fact, signed h paper imposing a penaity of £10 on the dclin- quoht who should violate the lurins of tho combi- \- nation. A discussion ensued, which ended in tho Qaramittee declining for the present to accept of any tender. It was stated that tho combination of the butchers was illegal, and that they could not enforce tho penalty, even were one of their number to reduce his prices. Dr. Burko and Dr. Btuoy wore in attendance, and reported no now . cases. of fever. They stntcd, however, that that «, .morning, Tuesday, a man named Walsh, had been admitted into tho hospital who had had Ida right foot so dreadfully crushed from a log fwlrich ho . and another man had been saivlng on the Knugo) . .fnlling on it, thnt tho whole of his Iocs, and pnrt Of hlsToot hadhnd to be amputated. The log was on the poor fellow's foot for fully half-nn-hour, . while his mate was gono for asMstanco to rcmovo it. Walsh was reported to be as well ns tho un fortunate circumstances of his case would allow, hut tetanus was by no means improbable. Up to ... Tuesday there were fifty patients In the Hospital, " .and four persons rcccivng out-door relief, besides "'-three children who are wholly supported from \- Hospital funds. Tho main building being incn- , pable of holding more patients, the surgeons re ported thai nn open shed- in the yard might, at little expense, bo made capablo of holding several, should circumstances rcquiro it. In consequence of no room being available for a female patient from tho railway camp, to bo admitted on tliu fol lowing day, it wa agreed to carry out tbo sug gestion of the surgeons. In consequence of the large number of patients from the different railway camps, at present in the hospital, It was agreed that tho contractors should bo written to to ascer tain. from them what amount they intended to contribute to the Hospital funds. The Committco then adjourned. Goondiwindi, November 10th. — (From our Cor respondent.)— Good news — it- Is raining I Com mencing with a 'strong east wind, followed by 1 hail, thunder, and rain. We joy intho continu- ..." anco of a splendid shower. Two mobs of horses from Warialda, bound northward, crossed tho river here last week. Dealers innumerable hnvo been selling goods illimitable, at prices — so tbey say-o . unprofitable, during the last week. Two of these wuro New South Wales traders, and, consequently, had'to setup their establishments over tuo bor- ders our good boat, however, supplied the means of connecting the nurses of buyer and seller to their mutual advantage. Bukht out by a Bush Fire. — A few days sinco a man named Burke, residing on tho Range, on the Ilighfields road, bad his house burnt down by a bush-fire during his absence. Two Ijoxch of .clothing and other mntcriuls, together with £11 in. notes, were also burnt. . Accidents.— On Monday evening, about six. .."o'clock, Dr. Burke had just come into, town from " J Visiting some patients, when ho called to -see tbo ReV.' Mr Wnrakor, leaving his buggy outside in . the charge of a lad, aboutAG years ooge, named ' Mart ell, who allowcdthc reins- to: slacken for -the x ' horse to cat by the roadside. Abont-a 'couple of : minutes after the Dr. entered Mr. Waraker's house, something startled ' tlft horse, and tbo animal bolted off down towards Shuttlewood's bridge. About fifty" yard s-from Rutbven-strect the lad was :pitche4 out of the buggy owing to the unevenncss .mt of tho road, and the pace tho vcbiclo was going at, ,'tho wheel scraping against his head, cutting it to tho -bone, while the horse went on some forty or 'fifty yards further— being then near Shuttlewood's bridge— when the vehicle .came in contact with a tree, and 'was almost literally smashed to pieces, . with the exception of the body. The injury sus tained by tho lad was very severe, but will cause '.no permanent inconvenience, no bones beingbroken \- —ifind he will bo able to be about again in two or .three .weeks. = Accident at Ballard's Camp. -On Monday # morniug, about 7 o'clock, two men, a sub-cou- tracfor named Lnngford, and a workman by the . , . name of Lystor, were severely burned by the dis- . chargo of a fus6, which bad been lighted, but not going off as soon as expected, tlicy went to ex amine it, believing it to be out, when the explo- . slon took place, whereby Langfnrd was vary se verely burned nbont the head and hands, and Lys- ter still more severely over the whole of the upper portion of his body — tHo k(tir on his head aud liis whiskers being entirely consumed. . Appointments, — Registrars yiresUrn District Court#.— Arthur Edward Douglas, Esq., Too- woomba; Frank 8. Bowerman, Esq., Warwick ; /William Cradock Nowell Bussoll, Esq., Dalby; 'Georgo Lukin, Esq., Condamine; and William Moorbcad, Esq., Roma. Registrars Northern District Courts. — William Charles Doutty, Esq., Bowcn Stafford H. Wqbb, Esq., Gladstone ; I . .ta a fi'nn VIIUIIC9 tiniilUKIUII, UMj.,4UUIUUIMUII, iuihuilh ' "Airey, Esq., Gnyndnh ; and William Cave, Esq., Clermont. The above appointments are to tako effect on and after the 1st Jauimry, 18GG.— Go vernment Gazette, 18tl# instant. 