VICTORIA. Reports from the sea leads to the im- pression that the Shenandoah is still hovering off the Australian coast. Mr. William Nicholson, who was Chief Secretary of Victoria in 1859 and 1860, died on the 10th instant. This gentle- man was attacked by paralysis in January 1864, and then retired into private life. It was at the instance of Mr. Nicholson that the ballot became the mode of voting at our Parliamentary elections. The age of the deceased gentleman was forty-nine. An organized endeavour to explore the deep sea fisheries of the coast is about to be made. Government are willing to give money and the use of a cutter in the aid of this object. Diphtheria has been prevailing exten- sively of late, both in Melbourne and the provinces. Two of the men prosecuted by the Crown for attempting to join the Con- federate vessel Shenandoah, were tried at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court on the 17th and 18th inst. James Davidson, alias "Charley," was pro- nounced guilty of an attempt to enter into the Confederate service, and was sentenced to ten day's imprisonment; and William M'Kenzie, who pleaded guilty of the same offence, was ordered to be confined in gaol for a similar period. The third prisoner, Arthur Walmsley, who is only fifteen or sixteen years of age, was discharged, the Crown having with- drawn the prosecution. BLACK MONDAY.---Monday, February 27,1865----hereafter to be styled " Black Monday" in the annals of Victoria---was a day which will not soon pass from the memory of those who endured its terrible weather. The sun rose sullenly, and its aspect threatened uncomfortable conse- quences. This was no deception ; for the day had scarcely set in when began a fierce sirocco wind from the north-north- west, exceeding in its wild velocity and overpowering heat the experience of the last fourteen years. It was felt in nearly equal degree all over the country. Awful bush-fires speedily commenced, and in Melbourne the heavy smoke filled the city like a thick fog. It brought this relief, that we had not the " furnace of the light" strike up against the " blind- ing walls." That, however, was a small mitigation of what we had to endure. The blasts, which came with the force of a hurricane, were as though they had left the mouth of an oven. The dust filled up every wrinkle of one's clothes and every pore of one's skin. The streets were walked in suffering, and it was im- possible to see through many yards ahead. Breathing became difficult, and except in spacious thick-walled houses, whose in- habitants had closed every window and door betimes, a sense of prostration pre- vailed. The wheels of trade of course did not stop, but they were clogged, and went heavily, and the gloomy atmosphere and semi-opaque sky forboded the whole country was on fire, a prognostication nearly warranted by the circumstances. It was remarkable, however, that in the shade in Melbourne the thermometer only stood at 98deg. 40min. Such weather could not last, and just before five p.m. came the welcome relief of a sudden change of wind to the cool south and a slight fall of rain, which, however, left the atmosphere still sultry indoors. Night brought telegrams telling fearful tales of the devastation in the country. At Ballarat the heat reached 90 deg., and bush-fires raging from Spring-hill and Learmonth to the border of Bullarook Forest. From Geelong to Ballarat was nearly a line of fire, and numerous houses, fences, and crops were either burnt up or with difficulty saved. In the country round Daylesford similar disasters oc- curred. Riddell and Tredennick's large saw-mills were saved with extreme diffi- culty ; but many huts were burnt, and the coaches on the road were hardly driven through the lines of burning tim- ber. More directly north of Melbourne, where the Black Forest stretches over such a vast extent of country, matters were even worse, and a striking picture of the train passing between Taradale and Elphinstone, the flames curling with- in a few yards of the carriages and des- troying even the railway fence, published in one of our illustrated monthly journals \---the Ilustrated Post---give but a sim- ply truthful idea of the scene. At Sand- hurst the thermometer in the shade stood at 105deg., the heat of the sun was con- suming, and the hot blast and heavily charged atmosphere suffocating. Mr. W. Lockhart Morton, an experienced Aus- tralian traveller, has described the country between the Campaspe and Sand- hurst as nearly all ablaze. " Between Sandhurst and Castlemaine," he said, "the Alexandrine range and Mount Alexander itself presented a magnificent spectacle. The grass had been all con- sumed, and millions of burning trees and logs were seen over the whole face of the hills." At night, though the wind had changed, the dark canopy of the clouds was lit up with a lurid glare. The large agricultural district of Kyneton was per- haps the most heavily visited, and a list of the homesteads, growing crops, stacks, barns full of produce, and fencing des- troyed, filled nearly a column of this journal, and was then very far from com- plete. Accounts of nearly equal deso- lation reached us from Mount Moriac, Talbot, Newstead, and, indeed, nearly every part of the colony. Had the hot wind not been stayed, the losses now computed by fifties of thousands of pounds would have reached to half a million, for the prompt and unremitting efforts to save property would then have been unavailing. Steps have been taken for the relief of the sufferers. Parliament has been al- ready asked for £50,000 to help the more completely destitute, and the colony has been canvassed for subscriptions in aid of the Kyneton farmers who were the worst off of all. In each of the more heavily-visited districts local efforts are being made for the relief of many who have been ruined. AGRICULTURE. Between the drought and the bush fires the farmers have had rather a hard time of it lately. On Black Monday the worst day for heat and smoke we have had since Black Thursday, in 1851 \---the destruction of poverty was very great, and no one who has not seen a fire raging among the stubbles and fences on tilled lands, with a strong north wind blowing, can well imagine what this is. It sweeps off everything before it, and fortunate indeed is the farmer in its line who can save his house and stacks. Many lost both, as well as some of the animals in the fields, and the number of sheep scorched and killed on the runs that day was by no means inconsiderable. Still the fires were rather late to do as much damage as they would have done earlier in the year, as they would have done earlier in the year, for the farmers had mostly time to secure their stacks , and homesteads, partially by ploughing and burning round them, after the harvest had been got in. Much of the new grain has been threshed out, and the yield is generally allowed to have been better than was anticipated, though the average will not be up to that of former years, excepting, of course, the last. The price of wheat has been high since harvest, as the South Australian farmers, having plenty of money after the prices obtained by them lately, would not submit to any reduction. The quantity grown in this colony is far short of our requirements for the year, so that our neighbours, by withholding the supplies, could easily prevent a fall; but im- porters have been thus enabled to get rid of all the bread-stuffs they had on hand all satisfactory prices, and it has trans- spired that they have written for much more. Cargoes are also arriving from South America ; so that the markets are very unsettled, and there is too much reasen to fear that the growers in the neighbouring colony will get much less than they would have done had they not adopted the mistaken idea of being able to regulate prices as they chose through the year. They can hold for a while, but not for long, and when they send their grain to market in quantity this will come into competition with large importations from South America, and prqbably from Europe, where prices are so low just know. Thus the growers and importers will both be losers, and the colonies will have to pay for what they do not want, as the breadstuffs grown here this year must be. 