TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) DAYLESFORD, Saturday. It has been discovered that the Union Gold mining Company have driven under the Church of England reserve, endangering the foundations of the school-house, and it is said that about 600 ounces, of gold have been taken out. Application is to be made to a court of equity for an injunction. Another large bush-fire is raging within about half a mile of the town. SYDNKY. SATURDAY. Inspector Hogg, on Wednesday last, cap tured McGrath, who is supposed to be the murderer of Mr. Masson, at Pyramul. The prisoner has been remanded for further evi- dence. Mr. Francis Dutton is appointed Wurtem burg consul for Sydney, and his appointment has been recognized by His Excellency the Governor. Telegraphic communication has been ex- tended to Araluen. The Governor of New Caledonia has re- ceived orders from His Imperial Majesty Louis Napoleon to restore the Protestant churches, and permit liberty of worship. Business is without much change. Rice is held for an advance of £2. Arrived. - Cawarra, from Brisbane. Sailed. - City of Melbourne and Barwon, steamers, for Melbourne; City of Brisbane, steamer, for Brisbane; Express, for Mauri tius ; and Liberator, for London. Additional items, extracted from Messrs. Greville and Bird's (Reuter's agents) tele- grams :- VICTORIA. SANDHURST, March 4. Since the last report forwarded to you there has been a further falling-off in the quantity of gold brought into the market, and several of our largest quartz-crushing machines have been compelled to stop operations and dis- charge all hands. One company alone (the Catherine) by its stopping has thrown over 100 men out of employment ; and the effects of these stoppages are plainly perceptible amongst our business men. The following: are the most important purchases of cakes : By the Bank of New South Wales - Nelson Reef Company, 180oz. 13dwt. ; Hercules Com pany, 93oz.10dwt. This office reports a falling off in the quantities of alluvial gold offered for sale. By the Bank of Victoria - Emu Company (from seven tons of stone), ? 8dwt.; New Chum, 28oz.; Victoria Reef ?? mines Company, 18oz.2dwt. ; Advance Company, 58oz. 18dwt. ¡ Bird's Reef Company, 126oz, 15dwt. This office had the largest quantity of alluvial gold displayed in ite window of all the offices. The heat of the weather during the early part of to-day was very oppressive, but to- wards eight o'clock the wind commenced to blow from the south, giving some hope of a change in the weather. Fires are still raging around Bendigo, and even at the present time the prices of farm produce have increased. All that can be said is, that should we not get rain, and that speedily, our mining popula- tion, and consequently our businessmen, will be in a sorry plight. TALBOT, March 4. The returns obtained by the following com- panies at the Mount Greenock diggings were - By the Pioneer Company, 137oz. for the week, with only eighteen picks at work ; by the Perseverance Company, 61ozs for the week, with only eleven picks at works ; and by the Royal Standard Company, 40oz. for the week. The gold got by the Pioneer Company this week was washed from two machines' full. The dividend for the fortnight in the Pio- neer Company is expected to be £80 per share ; and in the Perseverance Company the divi- dend for the week will be about £15 per share. DAYLESFORD, March 4. The following are the returns obtained during the past week by the undermentioned gold-mining companies : - Specimen-hill Com- pany (four days' work), 480oz. ; Havelock Company, 25oz ; Danneverke Company, 122oz, from sixty-two tons of stone; White Star Company, 159oz. ; Exchequer Company, 78oz.; Concordia Company, 21oz. ; Nuggety Company, 61oz. ; New Wombat-hill Company, 25oz ; Bonetti and party, 18oz. NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, March 4. The Sydney Morning Herald, in an article this morning, suggests that How's Island might be made into a penal establishment for the Australian colonies. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, MARCH 4. The ship Blackwall is expected to arrive at Port Augusta in the beginning of November next, with 100 camels. from twenty to fifty- two years old ; some Persian donkeys, Angora goats, and twenty five Arab grooms, for the firm of Elder, Smith, and Co. The Attorney-General is at present at the head of the poll for the County of Victoria. It will take forty votes to displace him. There is only one box (from Wellington) remains to be opened, and as only forty have voted there his return may be considered certain. Flour sales have been made to-day at £22 10s; and wheat has realised 9s. 8d. Sailed. - At five p.m., South Australian, s.s., Coorong, s.s., for Melbourne. 