Summary of News. —— * — (From the Colonial Papers.) Rust has appeared in two large patches of wheat at Nelson's Plains, Hunter River. It has also made its appearance on other parts of the Hunter, but only in patches in the paddocks. It has also shown itself at Umarra, Richmond River.—Five years ago Eden, Twofold Bay, contained a population of 500 souls. The number of inhabitants has now dwindled down _ to 50.—Gold has been found in small quantities near Singleton, and two parties ot miners are energetically prospecting in the neighbourhood.—A wool-scouring mill is to bo started at Muswellbrook.—Large bush-fires have been raging in the Mudgee district. Several runs have been half burnt up by them, and a great deal of damage has been inflicted upon the squatters and settlers.—Tho quartz from the Tasmanian reefs at Fingal has yielded upon crushing the very encouraging return ot H ozs. to the ton.—A very curious aquatic bird was caught at Murrurundi last week. is not like a duck, although the feet are webbed, and measures from the tip of the boak to the tail one foot nine inches. The neck is of light brown- colour, the othor feathers all over tho back are black and gold. It makes a noise liko the purring of a cat. It is exceedingly spiteful, and darts at any person who approaches it. Tho bird had evidently flown from a long distance, as*it fell down oxhaueted when young Greer captured it.—The feathers on the back are like crisped whalebone—Last week a cow belonging to Mr. Jennings, of Kiora, dropped a calf with two heads, quite distinct, growing from tho shoulder. $lie four ears, four eyes, pair of nostrils, &c.;, were perfectly developed. The calf was deed when it was dropped.—A new bell weighing 1601bs. has been placed in 4e JSeof It. Clement's Church fass.-It •possesses a very sonorous and agreeable tone.— I great number of snakes have been seen lately near Turnut and Adelong. Several have been killed-, motne of them measunng lesstliaH five feet in lcngth.-A Mr. John Hoknan (who it is stated has, for some time past, been disturbed in liis intellects) strayed away on Sunday morn, ine last, from the bouse at wbich he was staying at Port H ticking, and has not since been found, although he has anxiously been sough! for by his friends.—All but two members^of a numerous family (some fifteen) in West Maitknd were suddenly attacked with serious sickness after partaking of a tart made -with Eng. lish rhubarb, preserved in tins. In appearance and taste the rhubarb was very good, but whether it derived -some poisonous principle from the tin, or solder, or from some ingrcdient.-used to colour it, is not known, but it caused violent Sreteliine and vomiting for some hours, followed bv decided diarrhoea in two cases, and in one bv illness which continued till yesterday.—A Mr. John Ecnsliaw was riding through the bush to "Wellington, near Toowoomba last week h : - v - ;e threw him violently against a . r 14,. w.-g fatally injured by the concussion, ^ .jvMva a a fewhours.—Two samples of •-".nrt-" "i-i-lied in Sydney, from the Peak L.n-vi^ di'iiiiigs, Queensland, gave tespectively ' " i; ozs. and 5 ozs. 17 dwts. to tlieton. •••fturu •ii- meeting held at Deniliquin, a petigislature was adopted, praying .. „ take into favourable consideration i ; • j ai-'^construct a railway from Echuca . . i. XhemeetingwasweUattended, and • < -i.v:' lanimity prevailed.—The remains last week found on Mr. Band's \- e:.- 3 1 • liliquin. Tliey appeared tohave rv .j. to the elements for about two ture has it that the remaius are . :_"• ! .•v ein's mate, who so mysteriously iv 1 " .lien the reward was offered fo •r!:o ' ,Ciiu' )f Morgan.—A company is bi\\-ni2 farmed with the view to"establish • h mo cVn vacation between the eastern ports A Austria Mid Batavia, via Cape Yorke, uioor Koi-.^ng, and Sourabaya. The pro- •ccioi-'i r» " 1 «sr8. Van Hoboken and Sons, of Rotterdam, and Messrs. Eeynst and Vinju, of Batavia. The service contemplated is monthly each way, by means of three iron paddle-wheel steamers, each having carrying capacity to the extent of TOO or 800 tons, accommodation for passengers to the number of 100 or 150 (one-tliird being first-class),and being worked by engines of 400-horse power nominally. The passage from Batavia to Sydney, it is asserted, can be accomplished (allowing stoppages at three, if not four, places) in twentytwo days. The promoters seek to obtain a subsidy, ranging from £8400 to a?15,000 per annum for ten years, from the Governments of Batavia, New South Wales, and Queensland.—The Presbyterian and "Weslcyan bodies in Moruya set apart one day last week as a day of prayer and humiliation for imploring the Almighty tosend tain upon the country.—It is reported that Mr. It. £.. Torrcns is about to return from England to South Australia—At the half-yearly meeting of the Victoria and ltiverine Pastoral Association the directors were authorised, in the -event of the remaining shares not been taken up, to issue debentures for £10,000, at 10 per cent. redeemable in five years.—Typhus fever lias broken out amongst the navvies on the railway works at Toowoomba ; eleven cases are in the hospital.—A fatal affray between the blacks has occurred at Warwick ; two were killed.—The number of licenses issued last montli at the Glanmire was 305, and the diggers there continue to do exceedingly well.—Shearing is nearly over on the lower Murrumbidgee, and a large quantity of the wool is on its way to Melbourne. The clip is generally estimated at something below the average weight. Only •four inches of rain fell since last year, and the ground on the river-frontage is as bare of feed as a boarded floor.—A Chinaman was shot -dead and robbed at Araluen on Sunday night.— A shepherd has been found murdered on the Ooppabella Station, and the supposed murderer has been arrested.—The Press and private letters prophesy a great decrease in the yield of next harvest throughout the colony of South Australia.—On Sunday last a very large snake of the carpet species was killed by Mr. A. Carter, of Bushranger Flat, close to the Murrumbidgee. On opening it tbero were twenty-one eggs discovered.—Large quantities of the aphis have shown themselves in the vegetable gardens in and about Yass. They are represented to cover in myriads the young vegetables that are struggling against the attacks of drought.— A genuine Hogarth is now exhibiting in Bourke-street; subject, " Virtue in Danger."— Further accounts from the far North are very unsatisfactory ; the squatters are leaving their runs as fast as possible.—A petrified tree and -specimens have been found in the Golden Horn claim, Ballarat, at a depth of 258 feet. The specimen exhibited at the Black Bull Hotel is a vitriated log, taken from a fossil tree, about four feet in diameter. Pieces of the fossilised tree examined by the microscope glisten like a galaxy of diamonds. The fossil log is on view at the Black Bull Hotel, and •will repay the inspection of lovers of natural productions. In the same claim, at a depth of 200 feet, several frogs, embedded in bluestone, have been disinterred, of a green yellow . colour, without any signs of mouth or respiratory organs.—A man was killed by lightning on Friday forenoon at Oxley Creek, Queensland, while a thunderstorm was passing over that place. He was standing between two other other men at the time, and the stroke killed him instantly.—The Government have offered £50 reward for the apprehension of Clarke, who escaped out of the Braidwood gaol.—A magisterial inquiry was held on Monday at Bodkin's hotel, near Bogolong, which - resulted in the committal for trial, at the Goulburn Assizes, of John Hoare, for the wilful murder of a shepherd, Nathaniel Gough.—The Victorian Legislative Council adopted a resolution to the effect that it is precluded from inviting the Assembly to confer on the subject of differences between the two Houses in the face of the determination of the Assembly not to entertain any further bills of Appropriation or Supply, until the Council has passed the Appropriation Cum Tariff Bill.—Mr. Jeremiah Lehaue, a wealthy •squatter, residing at lleedy Creek, waB on Monday lodged in the Gundagai lock-up by Mr. Sub-Inspector O'Neill, charged with cattlestealing. The EtitcTOBATB op Yass Plains.—Public Meeting.—On Thursday last a meeting of the electors of Yass Plains was held at the Court-House, Ya6s. Thochair was taken by Mr. N. R. Besnard, who opened the proceedings by reading the resolution convening the meeting. After, a short lapse of time Dr. Campbell rose, ftid said that they had met there for tho purpose of selecting a fit and proper person to represent their constituency in the councils of tho country. He appeared before them with the object of proposing a gentleman who had . played a prominent part in the colony since his arrival. This gentleman Vras Mr. Isaacs ; he stood second to none as a lawyer; he was unblemished in character and unspotted in fame; he was not to be bought; he had, moreover, an opinion of his own. It might be said by those v&o; agreed with the present Premier that Mr. Isaacs trst always opposed to him, but he did Dot consider that that would weigh with the meeting for a moment, but there was one fact he would mention with regard to Mr. Cowpor's opinion of Mr. Isaacs, that he had on one . occasion asked him to take the f"'^' ney-General. That of itself was a strong argument in Mr. Isaacs's favour. He thought lie could Hot do better than propose. " That in the opinion of this meeting Mr. Isaacs is a fi and proper person to represent the Yass Plains electorate."—Dr. O'Connor said he had much pleasure in seconding the proposition. He believed that Mr. Isaacs was a well-tried politician; that he Was honest and a clever debater. He bad risen high in his profession, and the electors could not do better than return him. He (Dr. O'Connor) was proud tosecond the motion.—Mr. Donald, an elector, said he had expected to have heard from the mover or the seconder of the motion some explanation of Mr. Isaacs's political opinions. If he recollected rightly Mr. Isaacs was one of the old Tory school—of the Tory school before the passing of the Beform Bill.—Mr. Allman, who proposed the next resolution, sdid that, for his own part, he thought he had paid as much attention to the sayings and doings of public men in this colony as most people, and felt that lie was as competent as Mr. Donald to form a just opinion ; of their merits and demerits, and the rer^ his review of Mr. Isaacs's expressed onions was exactly the opposite of Mr. Donald's; for, so far from Mr. Isaacs being the Tory obstructionist described by Mr. Donald, he believed him to be, in the highest find best meaning of the term, a true liberal; not the liberal of the moment, swayed by every so-called popular movement, but the reasonable and thoughtful liberal, who always allowed his convictions to precede his argu- ments on the measures he supported. It had been too much the fashion of late in this electorate to accuse those who took a prominent part and interest in political, or, indeed, in any public matters, of being a clique, who had only their own interests at heart, forgetting, as he had already said, that they could not injure the r interests of other people without at the same time injuring their own. Tho meeting, however, could scarcely be said to be the result of the influence of any such clique, as it was called by men of all parties, and was in every sense of the word a " public" meeting convened for the purpose of suggesting to the electors the best man they could get to act as their representative, ana, if any one really thought he could name a better man than Mr. Isaacs, it was his duty, boldly and honestly, to do so, and he (Mr. Allman) could say, that, if in his heart, lie believed the person so named was the best man, he could support him as strenuously and readily as in the absence of such better man he now supported Mr. Isaacs; and, as tho old maxim that " silent gives consent" is still in vogue, he would now move that the following requisition be adopted and circulated for the signature of the electors, and presented to Mr. Isaacs:—To ltobert Mcintosh Isaacs, Esq., &c.; Sir,—We, the undersigned electors of the Yass Plains electorate in public meeting assembled, having confidence in your ability and honesty of purpose, request that you will allow yourself to be placed in nomination as our representative, and we pledge ourselves to exert our influence to ensure your election.—Mr. Wood, in seconding the motion, said that, after what had been expressed by the previous speaker, he thought that any remarks from him would be , unnecessary ; he would reserve bis fire for another occasion. In electing Mr. Isaacs they would send to the Assembly a gentleman who would take a comprehensive and philosophical view of all questions in politics. As a lawyer of high standing he would assist in making those reforms in the department of law, and more especially in the Court of Equity that were required.—The motion for the adoption of the requision was then carried.—Mr. Wilkinson proposed and Mr. Colls seconded: That the following gentlemen be eppointed a committee to carry out the object of the meeting, namely : H. O^Bricn, Thonias Laidlaw, A. Campbell, C. O'Brien, M. O'Connor, G. C. Allman, K. Hassett, N. 11. Besnard, J. Governor, J. Barry, T. Colls, B. M. Vaughan, J. Wood, J. A. Kobinson, and Jas. Cottrell, with power to add to the number.—On the motion of Mr. Pearson, seconded by Mr. Milne, a vote of thanks was passed to tho Chairman, and the meeting then dispersed.— Eurongilly.—The news from this gold-field is perhaps the most cheering that has been received from it for many months past. The lead of gold, which was struck in Duffer Gully some six or seven weeks ago, is being successfully traccd up the gnlly as fast as boles can be bottomed. There are now over thirty claims on gold. During the past week several holes have been bottomed with fine prospects, varying from one quarter to three pennyweights to the dish; in fact, every hole bottoms either on the gold, or strikes it by driving a few feet. The lead of gold now being worked is about 80 feet to the westward of the run struck by the first prospectors, which is now called the " grain" run, from the fact of this microscopical quantity being obtainable regularly tliroughout it. The gold from Hansen's claim on the " Flat Reef" has not turned out of so good a quality as was generally expected,^having only assayed in Syd- ney at about £3 10s. per ounce.— Foebes Mining Eefoiit.—The works in the various claims upon the South, the Union, and Grasset's leads, arc being prosecuted with energy and skill. The most perfect arrangement we have noticed in Forbes, since the Laehlan became a cold-field, is now to be seen in the prospecting claim of Grasset and party. The perfect order of their steam engine—the rapidity with which the trucks upon the tramways are conveyed and emptied—the perfection of the machinery to wash the dirt—all command the praise and admiration of those who know anything of mining matters. The Touch-and- Go party have also nearly completed their arrangements for the reception of the rich dirt they feel confident of raising. On or about Wednesday next they will commence operations, and there is no doubt but we shall be able to chronicle good dividends.— Discovkry of moue Kebosene Coal Seams at Hartley.-Another scam of coal has been discovered by Mr. Stanley and party at the back of Mount York. A bush- fire >g«"ted tho coal which cropped out on the ground, and the bright blazo attracted the attention of Mr. Stanley. Messrs. McKenzie and Stanley have also discovered cannel coal at Mount York, and at Mount Victoria. They have pierced two other seams, one at the Sugarloaf and one at Kangaroo Point, so that these gentlemen have discovered no less than three new seams, for we cannot count the Mount York coal, as 1 am satisfied it is a mere continuation ot Samuels', the levels being probably disturbed by a dyke, but even of this I can scarcely be positive, as the dip of the Hartley cannel coal does not at all resemble that of Lesmahagow in Lanarkshire, where it was found and worked long before the Boghead seam was laid'open, and is familiar to me in all its beawngs. Ihe game gentlemen, whose energy and enterprising skill have opened up these valuable mines, are also busy sinking another shaft behind Mrs. Sheiringham's paddock, with every prospect of success.— Outrage on j. Chinaman it Araluen.—On Saturday evening, about 0 o'clock, a Chinaman named Ah Fow was stuck up and robbed, and afterwards shot at a place called Mudenelond, two miles from Araluen. Tommy Clarke, who rocently escaped from Braidwood gaol, is suspeetedofhavingperpetratedthisoutragc. AhFow is supposed to have had money, he having been to the bank during tho morning.-— Abridged from. Yass Courier. Gundagai Herald. . Laehlan Reporter. B. F. Press. Telegram to S.M.Serald, 