the fajrm. ^ Off TUB HOHTB. jr to hma "dmwtouat" at lewt Bratyooe _ jo asneetoo appeart&oe; of t uxmthe On worn-out and inferior soils, ry'o has done remarkably well; land whioh would not grow a crop of oats has borne fine crop* of rye, both in this and in previous seasons. This foot ia not alluded to with the object of enoouraging exhsustive (arming; such farming will never pay in the long ran. The effects of bad fann ing tell moat disastrously in tbe event of long-continued . droughts. On thoae farma aituated in distriot* which bare been favoured with rain, and where manuring and deep onltivatioa haa been practised, together with early sowing, few complainta are made of expected losses from drought Lucerne and Chioory.—Of all the green cropa, luoerne and chicory have stood the drought beat) these plants form deep tap roota, which, when the plants become established, may be found at a depth of five, ten, and even twelve feet from the surface. A plot of chicory waa sown three years ago upon a piece of ground which had been anbsoilea twenty inches in depth j the ground has been ploughed several times since the chioory crop was removed, without destroying the plants which sprang from the roota accidentally left in the land. Indeed, the crop of chicory from Iho old roots is this season growing most vigorously, and furnishing an extraordinary amount of fodder. There are no fodder plants to compare with chicory end luoerne ; their strong woody roots withstand the effects of the severest droughts, and continue to afford mod cuttings. The proper way to grow these crops ia to sow the seel in drills twenty-four inches apart, and cultivate the intervals between the rows with the plough and horse-hoe; give plenty or manure. Woody-rooted plants are generally of | a shrubby or half-shrubby irubby habit; such Linda as do not need regular cultivation are likely to engage the attention of squatters, or those who farm extensively. We are acquainted with a few useful plants of this description—auoh as the whin or furze; there is a kind known as the Irish whin (Ultx t(ricla), whioh ia different from the common whin in having no spines. It is very evident that tbe attention of Australians should be directed to other fodder plants besides the grasses, as many of the runs are now as bare as the highway. Pastures.—It is tn audi seasons as the present that ths pasture grasses get so much destroyed, by stock continually travelling over the ground ; such axe the effects of overstocking runs. The finer sorts of grasses suffer most- under such circumstances. The native grasses, as the silver grass, are withered very quickly in droughty weather, and have so little root-hold, that sheep or cattle cannot graze them without pulling them up by the roota. This grass is only an animal, therefore totally unfit for permanent pastures, though in most natural pastures we find Utile else but this annual grass. The nutritive qualities of the native grasses are inferior j to those of the grasses and cloven usually sown for pasturage. Maize, Sorghum, Ac.—The remarks made in tbe "notes" for the previous month are also applicable tn thia, Heavy crops of "green stuff" impoverish the sou, but if consumed upon the land, may be regarded as one of the most economical modes of manuring. The cry with the I farmers is that they " can't get manure," and in the meantime neglect to grow fodder plants, one of the very neat things belonging to modern husbandry. Mangolds, Carrots, Ac.—Horse-hoeing mangolds bad better be dispensed with while the drought lasts; soils of a moist j nature can be hoed, as the moisture from below supplies the excessive evaporation from the surface. j Tobacco.— The remarks just made about hoeing apply to this crop in like | manner. Ibis is the worst season that the tobacco-grower has experienced, and : particularly in the northern districts, as ! the drought is parching up vegetation of ; all descriptions. If rain falls in sufficient quantities, hoeing and earthing the ad vanced crops may be attended to. Potatoes.—Beserve sets for the chance , of rains fallingeither this month or early 1 in the toext. Tbe Brighton fanners ana market-gardeners regularly plant such as the Lapstone ana the fluke kidney potatoes in January or February; these come in for early spring use. The pota to crops will be very defioient in yield, therefore it will be prudent to plant in the 'autumn, upon (citable soils (see mangold for remarks upon hoeing). In excavating for reservoirs, ponds, or water-holes, where the bottom and sides arc not retentive (i.e., so as to prevent the eseape of water), claying must not be omitted.Ifriey ctnnot be had, loamy, and even somewhat sandy earth, by abundant working, can be made to retain water. Brindley, the celebrated engineer, was the first to make known and practise this method. Work for the season, each as the ploughing of fallows, harvesting grain j crops, and taking care of a good and dean j sample of seeds for next seed-time, and, above all, guarding against bush-fires, are among the things to be looked to. 