VICTORIA. Wi; have Mellxnirno papers to the 3rd instant per thu City of Melbourne steamer. The IlrrtiM of Tuesday says :-The grand Volunteer lleview, held on the Mellxnirno Uneecourso yesterday WUK a great success. The number of Volunteers who ut.-ondod was 21U. Thc force, which was commanded by tho Major General in pei-son, was subjected to a variety of movements, nil of which were executed with skill and precision. Tho re- view took place in the presence of his Excellency tho Gover- nor, before whom the troops marched previous to being dis- missed. There was a large concourse of spectators.. Tile víív/tí.vof thc 3rd states that tho annual meeting of Ibo Melbourne Total Abstinence Society was held °the previous evening, nt thc Tcmperaiice-hnil ; Mr. J. Edwards, thc president, in the chair. There were only thirteen per- rons present. The ro]K¡rt read stated that fifty-two meet- ings lind during the year been held in the Tempemnce-hnll. Since thc commencement of the past year, 51" temporáneo pledges bad been taken in thc hall. The tinnnciü resources of the society bad been of late extremely limited, mid the committee were compelled to acknowledge the utter im- possibility ol' conducting tho affairs of tho society with success unless a great improvement took plain in this respeet. The other day, some Loddon blacks, who have been camp- ing lately on the river near Echuca, held n corroboree, much to the amusement ol' tho visitors from Melbourne. King Hilly mid King Cockey took advantage of the op- portunity to introduce themselves io tho strangers. Tho shocking trngedy nt Daylesford continues to excite the greatest interest throughout the country, but nothing of importance has transpired with regurd to it since tho magisterial inquiry. A report was current on Monday that the murderer had been nrrestcd, but the Castlemaine 'Daily jVWr.v states positively that this is not the case. Mr. H. V/. Smyth, manager of the New "Wombat Hill Company, and the employer nf Mr. Giuliani, lins declared his intention, if the assassin of MIK. Graham should not bo fourni in II few days, to ofter a reward of £100 for his capture and con- viction. There is little doubt thnt Government will promise nt least asi equal sum to the person who shall bring tho villain to justice. The jlrgiis mentions that Archdeacon Itniboy, w-i" arrived per London, steamship, on Monday, was presented with an address by the saloon passengers for his services on board. Tho presentation, which was made by Sir Daniel Cooper, was accompanied by a purse of 100 sovereigns to- wards tho purchase of a missionary boat for tho Islands in Bass's Straits. The Aryn* understands flint it is proposed to issue a com- mission, to adopt measures for tho representation of Vic- toria at tho Dublin Kxliibition this year, and to make timingi'iimits for the transmission of articles, It is stated, by tho same paper, that ns a picnic party, which visited Brighton on Friday, were discussing luncheon in a shed on the cliff-erected for the salo of viands on lioxing-duy-they were rudely disturbed by thc appa-r nnce of n snnke six feet long, which carno towards them hom tho scrub, and then darted into one of the heaps o straw with which tho piuco was littered. Tho party, dis- concerted at thc arrival of such ii visitor, tied incontinently, leaving thc snake in undisputed possession of tho place. An enormous number of small caterpillars lmvo ninde their npiienrance on the path by tho road to Emerald-hill. These crontures ure nbout an inch in length, mid hnvo large bends. They aro very activo in their movements, and are likely to do great diimngo to the young trees planted ulong the pathway. Some excitement was caused at Wangaratta, a day or two ngo, by thc appearance of a good-sized kangaroo, which came bounding through the town. P o is supposed to have lied before a bush-fire, which had been buming in the neighbourhood. A young woman limned Mary Arin Stewart was brought before thc bench on Saturday, charged with tho crime of infanticide nt the Moonee Ponds. Tho circumstances of the case, so fur ns they are known, arc of a peculiarly re- volting cluunctor, from tho means employed in order to'pro- cure tho death of the child. After death tho body had been rolled up into ns small a compas* as possible, and hidden in tho sand which lind l"cen thrown up from the thc cutting of a drain, where, after two hours search, it was discovered by Detective Black. So far ns can be learnt, there docs tint seem to have been any idea that the woman charged with the murder wns narin'*; and it was only afterwards that, from certain appearances, suspicions wcte aroused which led to the detectives liebig applied to. A smart capture was made nt tho Loddon, on Tuesday evening last, by constable Byrne, of which the Turri'/if/ouvr 'linus gives the following particulars:-John Cobden, a borscstealcr, was wanted by tho police of Castlemaine, and Byrne, taking a look round at Baringhup, c.-pied Cobden, wiio hud in his charge soveinl horses. The constable was dismounted nt the time and Cobden mounted, hui as soon as the latter saw the former he slid over thc saddle mid mnde trucks. Being well acquainted with the Loddon ho bolted through tho ford, and tho constable was not slow to follow. A mute or helper of Cobden's, named Hall, was on horseback and endeavoured to favour tho hunted one by heading the constable. Byrne, whilo chasing, called for assistance, mid Mr. Charles Chapman, end another mounted and rounded tho quarry, who disappeared I at tho back of Mr. Lillie's. Tho inmates of Mr. Lillie's i estoblishnic-nt were nil nt tho hont looking nt tho unusual chase, and so did not perceive tho ingress of Cobden, linne took Hall into custody, and leaving him to thc caro of tho others who were assisting, commenced a rapid search for Cobden, mid at length foimd him ingloriously hidden under Mr. Lillie's bed. Ho wns very obstreperous at first ; but on being handcuffed to his mate became us gentío ILS II lamb. Tiley were brought into Middon in Mr. Chapman's cart, nnd nt the police court thc next day, were reaiandcd on the charge of norsestculing. 