I GEELONG POLICE COURT, m TUESDAY, MARCH 7. (Beforo tho Police Magistrate ) MALICIOUSLY FIRING GRASS. Alfred Felstead, a very respectable-looking and well-dressed young man, who lives at Moonee Ponds, was charged by Mr. Robert Chirnside with wilfully and maliciously setting fire to the grass on the station of Mr. Thomas Chirnside, of the Werribee, on Monday, February 27, causing damage to the amount of £3,500. Mr. Harwood appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Guy for the prisoner. Mr. Harwood called the following witnesses: Trooper Cowderoy deposed that he was at the Werribee on the 27th of February last. Saw the prisoner and a boy named Flowers there. The boy wos driving a heavy cart, and the prisoner had a spring-cart, The boy left a little after two o'clock, and the prisoner started not long after him. After he had been gone some time witness saw a fire break out about a mile and a half away, on Mr. Chirnside's- land, in the direction he had gone. He rode after him to the fire, but could see nothing of him. He traced the tracks of the wheels along the road, and saw where they had turned off on to the grass. He followed on , and shortly after saw another fire commence . He could see nothing of the prisoner till he got to Donald Cameron's farm, where some men had him detained in charge. He then arrested him on the statement of one Peter M'Kellar. Robert Chirnside deposed that on Monday, the 27th February, being apprehensive of danger from bush-fires, he rode out about two o'clock in the afternoon in the direction of the Little River, to see if any fires existed in that direction, and, finding none, he returnod. Shortly afterwards he saw three separate bush-fires suddenly start up, in the very direction in which he had been, within half an hour. The first one was nearest to the head station, and as there were 3,000 sheep in a dangerous position near it, he rode out and got them placed in safety, and then rodo off to the next fire.He next rode on to the third fire, and got all the men he could to assist in staying its progress ; but, from the terrific wind blowing, and the quantity of grass, no man could with any safety approach near the fire in most places. A sudden change of wind enabled them at last to conquer the fire, and he then saw the place where a fourth attempt had been made to fire the station, but the fire had not spread very far. The person who had fired the run had evidently selected the best place to burn his brother out, as but for the change of wind the fire must have swept all before it right down to the sea beach. Did not see the prisoner at all on the day of the fire. Believed he was a man of some property, and his father-in-law, whose name was Wilson, lived near the burnt ground. Could not conceive any inducement the prisoner could have to destroy his brother's property. Never had any transaction with him. Had been told the prisoner some time ago expressed strong hostility to him, but he could not imagine why. The amount of loss sustained by the fire was 10,000 acres of grass, valued at over £2,000; 2,000 sheep, valued at over £1.000 ; and twenty head of cattle, valued at £120. Peter M'Kellar deposed.-On the day of the fire in question, and before there were more than two fires visible, I saw a spring-cart coming along the Government road, not far from the Werribee, and in the direction of the Little River, The cart stopped suddenly, the man in it jumped out, seemed to bend himself down for a very short time, and then suddenly jumped into the cart again, and drove off. This would be between two and three o'clock in the afternoon. I thought his conduct strange, and watched the place for a little time, when I noticed smoke rising rapidly, and the fire running along the plain. I saw that by taking a short cut across a paddock I could overtake the cart, and I did so. The prisoner was the young man driving it. He had a bottle in one hand, with a hole in the side of it. I said to him, " This is a nice work you are employed at, setting fire to the grass." He said, "I know nothing about it." I said, " You must go down with me to Mrs. Grass's place, and explain your conduct." He consented to do so, nnd went. When there, I accused him of firing the grass. He replied, ''Either you must be a fool, or you must think me one, to suppose I would set fire to my father-in-law's proporty." It was not on his father-in-law's land I saw the fire rising. It was on land rented by Donald Cameron from Mr. Chirnside I believe a small piece of his father-in-law's land was afterwards burnt. After getting into the cart the prisoner took a very circuitous route to his father-in-law's. From what I said to Trooper Cowderoy he arrested the prisoner. To Mr. Guy.-Was examined at the last examination of the prisoner. Swore then that I did not know who the man in the cart was. The prisoner was exerting himself to put the fire out. I did not give information to the police at the time, because they were not there. What I meant by saying I did not know the prisoner was that I did not know him at the time I saw him get out of the cart. I was very much surprised when I discovered that the prisoner was the man in the cart. John Rees deposed that he waa driving a load of sand up the Government road where the fire broke out on the day in question. His brother was with him. Met the prisoner on the road about three o'clock in the afternoon , in a spring- cart. Met no other person on tho road but Mr. R. Chirnsido and one of his shepherds. We saw a fire when we got about three miles from where we had left the Werribee. It was about two miles from us. We suddenly saw a second fire within a mile of us, and then a third fire within about half a mile of us. The first fire had evidently been first lighted, then the second, and then the third, by some one coming towards us. Just as we saw the last fire the prisoner came in a vehicle up to us from its direction. Witness said to him, " That is a deuce of a fire." Prisoner asked " Where ?" and he replied, "Why, you have just left it." He then said, "I saw nothing of it." He had a bottle of grog with him, and asked witness to have a drink. The prisoner had a bottle of spirits with him. He then left to go towards the river. In about ten minutes after he had left us witness's brother called out " Look, there's another fire right behind us." On looking round, saw tho fourth fire. It was on Mr. Chirnside's land, and seemed to have just been started. The prisoner would be just about the spot where it began. We drove over it about a quarter of an hour before, and there was not a sign of fire to be seen then. Phillip Rees was called, and he corroborated his brother's testimony in every respect, adding, that M'Kellar, a previous witness, said as soon as he saw Felstead afterwards, that afternoon, "There is the man I saw burning the grass." He was then arrested. Peter M'Donald, a foreman on the Geelong and Melbourne Railway, deposed that about a quarter to three o'clock on the afternoon of the day in question he saw a fire break out near Mr. Chirnside's station, and shortly afterwards he saw a vehicle proceeding along the road towards the Werribee. The vehicle was about 200 yards from the fire. In a short time afterwards he saw a second fire break out in the direction the vehicle had gone, and then a third one. The vehicle was going on the same road that Rees subsequently came up on. David Broughton, a contractor, deposed to seeing the fires on the day in question, and to seeing a spring-cart, drawn by a bay horse, pass within a few minutes after seeing the fire. There was a man in the cart, but he could not identify him. Witness saw nobody else near the fire but the man in the spring cart. Could have seen them if they were there. Tracked the wheels of the cart, and found that they passed within three feet of the edge of the road where the fire originated. Thomas Flowers, a boy about ten years of ago, deposed that on the day in question the prisoner and he came from Moonee Ponds, near Melbourne, to the Werribee, each driving a cart. They stayed there to dinner, After that the prisoner told him to go on and he would overtake him. He gave me directions how to go. I was going to the farm of the prisoner's father-in-law, for some pigs. He overtook me at about a mile from the Werribee. As he came up I saw a fire behind him in the grass. He went on and passed me. He drove much quicker than I did; I had a heavier cart. After he went on I saw smoke at a distance ahead ; it did not seem to be in the direction he went. Donald Cameron deposed to seeing the fires on the day in question, and detailed, similarly to the other witnesses, how he saw them originate. In the afternoon, after the fires were put out, he saw Felstead; and Peter M'Kellar said to him, in prisoner's presence, that the latter fired the grass. The prisoner made no reply, but hung his head down. About four months ago, while in conversation with the prisoner, the latter said he did not like Mr. Chirnside at all- that he was a hound, and anything but a genteman. Trooper M'Williams, who, with Cowderoy, arrested the prisoner, said he found a large number of wax matches loose in his trousers pockets. This closed the case for the prosecution, and the prisoner declining to say anything; he was committed for trial at the next Circuit Court, on the 20th of April next. Mr. Guy applied to have the prisoner admitted to bail. Mr. Harwood begged the Bench to bear in mind that after being arrested the prisoner told the constables he meant to leave the country. The Bench told Mr. Guy to submit his bail for their consideration, and in the meantime- time the prisoner was locked up. The Bench subsequently agreed to accept two responsible sureties of £100 each, and the prisoner's - recognizance of £200. 