Therk is nothing more noticeable in the discussion sow proceeding upon the New Tariff, than the spirit of unfairness, which characterises the arguments of -its opponents. Instead ot honestly dealing with it upon its merits, the occasion is taken advantage of for the display of party feeling, and to indulge in hackneyed platitudes upon the folly of Protection. During the whole-discussion, we have sot heard one tangible argument deduced in opposition to it, norone good reason advanced why it should not be adopted. Used up arguments in favor of Free Trade, which have actually worn themselves, threadbare, are still repeated; and invectives absurd and unreasonable are hurled against those daring to express their concurrence with the proposed change. Not even the many debates upon the different Land Bills evoked a more unfair spirit of' criticism, or were commented on in less dignified language, than the measure now before the House. It would seem in fact as if honesty and correctness were for the time set aside, and mere, assertion accepted as eound argument. And with. the Argus more "especially lias this fact been noticeable. . Unscrupulous, as our. contemporary generally is in its assertions, ire do not ever remember its being more completely bo, or more unprincipled, than it lias been over the treasurer's Budget." It is not alone that the leading journal has made assertions totally unwarranted by facts, and deduced- arguments specious but shallow, that we have cause to complain. Bnt -in its advocacy lor ońe -special interest and studying the metropolis only, it has' suggested" the most barefaced " injustice to the coimtry districts. Assuming tbatwe have no right to consideration, that our interests are nothing as compared with those < : of the mercantile 1 classes, it suggests with the greatest composure that the expenditure should be reduced by lopping off sonie LlOOfiOO proposed to be voted foe works 4n tłie-up-ćoontry districts: Here we have a clue,in fact to the whole movement in opposition "to die Budget. Works in Melboume and its-Vicinity must be executed, bat it were an absordity to make the merchants and importers pay any share of taxation when money .was to be spent upcountry. Let icountry.members, beware how they are led by . the specious arguments used by the opfK>'sitionKte, for ,tEey' are simply in advocacy of that' By_6fcem .of .centralization which,has done (eo.much to^ruin the upcountry districts and ag-grandise the metropolis. . ir- "-' : There is no necessity, quoth our contemporary, " for touching the existing duties on tea and engar,.apd Łlie remiBsion of ą portiaa; of ehe gold export dttty is still iess called for.": And what occasion'is there to-spend-anyihing at all upon the 'eountry districts/to bmld a bridge over .the Murray, to make our main roadS, or to carryoutany of the contemplated works outside the boundary of the metropolis and its suburbs. The merchants of Melbourne object to pay taxes, -and <jf course they must be gratified. Why not, for such an <aid," says th e Argus," leave over for Smother year the vote for clearing the . Murray of snags, and so save LJ.0,000; by. fhe Morray . bridge another Ll0,000 ; main roads throughout the -country ISO,000, country Court Houses •X.15,000,"police building's Ii20#00/ country post offices L13.250, and'other large sums for awhole hpstofthffigs of-thesame character." 'And by allowing the before .tiamęd flutieE jto,j standj Melbojirne can Jiave its improvements' and its merchants continue^ to <msk0- their fortanes. BntleVus taro i^efićtnre^ftnd ebb & if we cannot give it a somevbal diff«reQ'-. i complexion. Admitted that economy susukfbe the order of the day, lop oft' tiia orna- : mental and least required works, ami we tliiril we can show where over a Ł100,000 caa ó' saved and a little more fairness displayed Take off the LS9.500 for the General 1? Office, . . , for the ^ £10,000 fora erection of a a ,.y supreme Court, Government . i/10,00t.. liousa. «>dg -! _ also the'JSOjOoO "for polifce building which j the Arg-us agrees is ńot requirt r. aafi saice | Melbourne merchants object to hv tiiud,- iop off the L38.500 for improvements to theriver Yarra, together with the L37,500 tor a graving dock at Williamstown. This gives us a total of L125,500, every penny of which can be saved and the country _ . not .suffer. "ESmomy^s^-łie" ftie orćier of the" day. So be it, but let it be economy in the right direction. Let the Civil Service be revised and a saving effected, not by . a reduction of the_ Htnonlit-of portion of thetitmec^sary officials. The Chief Secretary's depar'ment. would notsufitr were L2,000 less paid yearly jfor salaries, nor the Treasurer's with a reduction of L5,000, the. Commissioner of Crown Lands with L2,000, and of Public Works with L3,000. Nor would thejeSciency of the. Attorney- Generals department * be materially impaired, were L5,000 less voted for it, and the Minister , of Justice could very, easily economise to the extent of at least LI5 000: If we take the gross of these figures we have named tve have L157.500 .wbicli could easily be saved, and this.from the L937,000 required, leaves only L?9,500 to be raised by way of protective duties. If economyis to be the order of the day, we unhesitatingly agree to it, for we do not advocate Protection for Protection's sake. But need tve put the question, would such a saving be agreed to. In advancing the proposition we know right well it will not receive acceptance. To think of .saving, expence in the ministerial departments is absurd, for, s»ys : Mr Michie, ." whQ could spare the time to" revise the lists," and to. attempt to strike out any of the votes for the metropolis—why, it would amount to absolute heresy, and the proposer would deserve to be scouted out of the House. Then, we say, let us have the principle of the new tariff recognised and admitted as a necessity, for the country districts will no longer consent to be deprived of their fair share of expenditure. Let us have economy, and as much of it as the Government pleases; but we find another term somewhat more applicable to the scheme, which the Argus—the mouthpiece of the importers and merchants of Melbourne—has proposed. We well know that economy is not the object in view by those who have proposed it, unless it means a reduction of expenditure in, the country districts. Not one single vote for the adornment of the metropolis would they forego, nor one item would they allow to be struck out, that has a tendency to assist their tradśand increase their profit. But we gave them credit for better sense than to suppose the country districts were to be any longer deceived in such a matter. Hitherto, the mining and agricultural population of the colony has borne the burden of taxation, and enjoyed the smallest share of expenditure upon their districts in return. But we decline any longer to continue the system, and be it understood we have now a sufficiency of representation in the Honse to carry our point, if the- country members < be tnie to their pledges. We have shown that L157,500 of expenditure can be dispensed with. Lop that off and' reduce the taxation to that amount. To this we have no objection; but we do most strenuously object to the continuation of a system which taxes only the indus- troas'classes, and deprives the country districts, of a fairand equitable proportion ofthe revenue being spent upon necessary improvements. There are several of the details of the new Tariff we do not agree with, and shall take occasion to point out at the proper time. But the principle embodied in it is'good, and calculated more than any previous one to advance the best interests of the country, even if it be at the expense of a few Melbourne merchants. A correspondent writing to us from Gisbome says, that .*'the harvest has never been brisk, and it will now soon be over. The weather has been very dry for the last five weeks, and consequently the farmers liave not suffered from caterpillar, but a 4*ood. deal-of.the wheat , has suffered from rust. The yield will be very light and some of it has been already threshed. Some that appeared when' standing a very nice slender crop, clear of rust, when threshed only yielded ten bushels to the acre. A good sample sent down from here sold iu Melbourne fords 3d pier bushel. It is not auticipated that either the wheat or oats of this district will average more than 10 bnshels to the acre, but more accurate information may be obtained on that point by "and bye. A very large bush'fire, as .well as several smaller ones was burning on. Friday.night between iliddeli's Creek audLauceSeld.. We have not ascertained whether any serious damage, was" done, but to all. appearance a house or a haystack was burning in a portion of the larger fire .to which we. refer. Bush fires Jiave "this season been unusually prevalent throughout this idistrict. Another instance where serious loss has resulted to the parties concerned through the neglect ofthe Clerk oftheBench," transpired at - the Police Conrt on Friday last Applications were lodged in the regular form, and at a" proper interval, by the different parties'applyiiig for beer licenses, but on these same .parties making the application' " : t!o ' ' tlie - Benct, it appeared that their' ap'plication had' not been adver-^ tised, and. 4hey had consequently to be postponed^', ^till.. "Wednesday, the 8th of February. By this delay a very Eerionslose will-ftccrueło 'theparties^asiarvestwillthen be over, or nearly so,- «nd«±he profit arising therefrom will be lost to theriil ' It is time either that a change " was effected in .this department, or that the present holder'was made to-pay a little better attention to his very light duties. At the Police Court-on Saturday, four Bacchanalians were brought .before, the police <kna©strat£and,yatiaiisly,dealt, with, y^ste^day die busmes8 ójoly.' occupied śppie '.1Ó„ jmnpjtes,' comprising two drunken and one civilcasei , .. •'' Among the list of local insolvencies the folj lowing is notified:—Charles Waxren of Gisborie, carpenter.-i?"Causes of insolvency—losses ; on contract for clearing trees and walks in the Gisbome Cemetery, aid long illness. liabilities, L9U>" ISs Id; assets, Ll25 Is 9d ; surplus, L349sSd. Mr M^ore,officralassignee. .•-*./;- , The feeling in Melbourne against Mr. Michie for his change of politics appears to be anything but flattering to that gentleman. A writer to the Irgu&i; certainly not actuated by any feeling of delicacy, draws the attention of the hon. gentlemani -the Following extract from an advertisement:—*' Wanted, Comic Man (boneś). One who can dance and do doable acts pre-: ferred. Apply, &c;," -" " - One of the largest funerals that has been witnessed an&iis; district for «ome time past, as;that<3f Mr Mathew Donovah, on Saturday' last. Upwards vof 390 people .testified -their • l-Voitii.r Victor/an t ICTr-aii Hots!, .> IUIJW*, when irircu ęciiti" Av!:Ki»tion took \- <Lt -'Or M Miliau.i^id ii essrsCock, : ite, and Anry'" > T o business .%ut a uiijued relative of carry;;:ć' operations. It ' "ecbniuitsid ti:; Assoda<ion at to form .'. coir.pAliy and pro- Bsrations tinder t'riser'a Act. l%e .-'..' mestrag ...... then -f— . adjourned * nil liiursday 7<ssurdny.f««n the- Bio* Mountain; t- De Mrp^. aiei iionipiiuy had obtained an excellent prospect torn stuff taken out of the 90 feet level which it is anticipated will go I oz. to the ton. They have stone which it is believed will be equally good above and below this level, and it is calculated that with the fifteen men employed, 60 tons per week will be -obtained. - i\Dr.-thtrtorarT>r"I30 foot level, they will have to drive yet further befpre they cominence taking out stone. ; . i ..; 1 The Undaunted Company, held by Bloom and Ripper, is the name of a Company on the Utdo'ri Reef lHat is now" attracting attention, in consequence of 6ome very good yields being obtained. Their shaft is down 70 feet, to the ievel ofthe drive, bat they are working at the 30 foot level at present. From the casing only, as much as 17dwts. to the- ton has tfeeo obtained. This Company have made arrangements with the proprietors of the water-mill to crush for them as soon as the rains set in, and it is anticipated they -wilt have about 1000 tons of stone prepared for crushing. The Reform Company is the name assumed by a party who have taken up ground adjoining the Undaunted Company's claim, and _ will shortly commence working. A meeting is to take place oil "Tuesday next at Trentham, iu order to make the necessary preparations. By reference .to our advertising columns, it will be seen that a meeting of gentlemen interested in the Kyneton Race Meeting will take place mt Thursday evening, at 9 o'clock, at the Junction Hotel, to make the necessary arrange- ments for the next meeting. Some of the difficulties attending the prosecution of mining in this district iu consequence of its not being a proclaimed mining district has already arisen. Application have, we understand, already been made -for the Police Paddock, but as this is not within any miuine district^ the application will have V> be made to the police authorities. In contemplation of this fact, it has been decided by several gentlemen interested to take steps on Thursday evening to get the district proclaimed a mining district, or part ofthe Castlemaine mining district. The farm of Mr Oorey by Degraves' mills has, we undertand, been taken up by D.wlesford capitalists, together with several Kyneton speculators, for mining purposes. Prospectuses will be issued shortly, and shares will, we understand, be in a few days before the public. 