MALL AR AT. (rilOM OUll OWN OOltltBSPOMDENT.) lUDHBDAY EVKNINO MaKOH 2 At tbo Corner thero bus baan considerable iuquiry_ for St. George United, Wombat Creek Extension, Havelock, Lalla Rookh, Defiance, und Cupo Clear ; some of these names evi- dencing that Daylesford, as well as Spring- dallah, is again coming into speculative favour. The brokors express themselves better satisfied with tho tone of business to- day than with what has prevailed during the earlier part of tho week. The particulars which hove como in with reference to tho bush-fires of Monday corro borato the fears entertained concerning the extent of tbo damage. Messrs. Learmouth havo been heavy sufferers, estimating their less at about a thousand head of sheep. There ore various accounts of the origin of tho fires in tho different localities where thoy occurred. At Mount Bolton, a woman has been given into custody on tlie charge of having Bet tiro to the grass. The bouso of Mr. B tullin, at Ltarmonth, was maliciously set fire to, but happily the conflagration was ex- tinguished. A warrant baa boen issued for the apprehension of two bullock-drlvors, who nro Btnted to hove left a log burning on the Ercildoun run. Sovernl old colonists hore avor that the heat of Monday waa quite equal to that of ' Black Thursday," but the fact of so much ground around Ballarat being at prosont clear ot timber prevented the fire trom being felt bo oppressively as on that historically disastrous day. There ia to bo a pic-nlo to-morrow to Duad-horBO Gully, to iuauguroto the estab- lishment of n Ballarat company of vineyard pioprlctors, organized for tho purpose of turning to moro largely profitable uccount than hitherto tho woll-known vlnoyurd of Mr. Fleibchauer, situate in the juat-mentlonod ehgantlj-styled locality. Tho foundation-atone of a new Welsh Presbyterian Church is to bo laid to- morrow afternoon at Sebastopol. Tlie annual soiree of the St. Andrew's Pres- byterian Church congregation waa held last etching, in theMechnuicB' Instituto. About 350 pei Bon wero preBent. Tho secretary's nport showed that tho cost of the newchurch had been £0,513 Cs. 8d., and that £2,239 2s, lOd. was still duo. Tbo proceeds of the bazaar lately held in connexion with the eli in oit were stated at £1,280 1b. 'Id. There is some talk of an attempt to estab- lish n separate Volunteer Rlflo Corps in Bal- larat Eaxt. 