RED JIM. FIVE-AND-TWENTY years ago it was such a summer, here in Victoria, as it now is in the end of February, 1865; that is to say, the bush grass lay long and dead amid moveless trees, or upon the level tiresome plains; the heated air quivered against the low horizon, and danced above the withered verdure like the surround ings of a furnace. . . . . . . One night I was lying tossing about in the long grass of a box-swamp, not a mile from my hut. I awoke with a sudden start to see, not twenty yards from me, three men hobbling their horses, and speaking to each other about some bush fire. I could hardly persuade myself that I was not still dreaming. One of the men was soon engaged in lighting a fire on a bare patch of ground, and I was about rising to join them and taste of companionship once more, when a column of flame started up suddenly and displayed a face that caused me to shrink back again, with a muttered thanksgiving that I was not discovered. The face that the fire revealed, was known to me at once, though I had never seen it before. The one eye and hair lip of "Red Jim" had been freely spoken about in every shepherd's hut on the surrounding sta- tions. There was no mistaking him. The bull-dog forehead, the heavy jaw, and the thick neck, were features that in them- selves would have sufficiently pointed out the identity of this escaped convict. Re- calling the man now, as I saw him then, I think I never beheld so perfect an im- personation of a bad criminal. It was well known that Red Jim had escaped from penal servitude, accompanied by three others, but had arrived in this co- lony alone. It was equally well-known that he could only have survived the in- credible journey by cannibalism. Red Jim had ruthlessly murdered one or two set- tlers against whom he entertained a grudge, and every effort was being at that time made to capture him. There was nothing remarkable in the faces of his companions. They simply showed by word and feature all the evidences of ruffianism usual in men of their class. They had coarse long limbs and heavy reckless faces, shaped into revolting harshness by a long series of crimes. Two of them were armed with guns. These thoughts and observations passed through my mind in much less time than it takes to write them. I was speedily recalled from spe- culation by hearing the word "Hallelu- jah" used. Hallelujah was the soubri- quet given to my master because of his strictly adhering to the habit of reading prayers in the family, morning and eve- ning. Mr Christmas was a kind benevo- lent man, respected by every "hand" on the station; and by none more than by myself. He had been very considerate to me in a late illness, and often sought by many subsequent attentions to cheer the loneliness of my employment. One of Red Jim's companions, in answer to something Red Jim said, replied with an oath: 'Yes, we'll see if his psalm- singing will save him now.' Then the other said, 'There are a couple of women there, and we shall have to give them a taste of bush life before morning.' 'Look ye 'ere' growled the ruffian, 'we'll roast Hallelu- jah first. That's our lookout. We'll see if the old prayer-patterer has nothing else to do but help to run us down. Give him a taste of fire before the devil gets him.' I had no fever, no lassitude now; the prostration of the last few weeks left me as by magic, and in its stead I felt a fierce delightful energy tingling along every nerve. Down close amongst the dry tindering grass, away with suppressed breath, and a wild feeling close round my heart, I crept from the vicinity of the fire. I pursued my way, on my hands and knees, with a slow determined care that has since surprised me, avoiding every branch or twig that might crackle in my path. I hurried on past the flock without so much as disturbing a sheep. Not till a long safe distance intervened did I stand erect, and fresh for the events of the night. Whatever they might be, God in his mercy alone knew. I turned and saw the black forms of the bush- rangers moving about the blaze, and with a run I started for the hut. Before a quarter of an hour had passed, I saw it dimly against the sky, and almost at the same instant a frightened snort told me that the horse was within a few yards of my course. Uttering a hurried thanks- giving that I had found him so providen- tially near, I unfastened the hobbles with quick steady hands, and led him to the threshold. I put on the patched saddle and bridle, and in another five minutes the fine old cob was stretching himself to a swift free gallop. My mind was too full of thought; but I can remem- ber uttering repeatedly the words, 'Thank God!' . . . The door opened and the gush of light streamcd upon the darkness, glinting on the sides of the reeking horse. Mr Christmas himself—old, but hale and vigorous as many a younger man--peered out into the night with an expression of surprise. In beyond, were the evidences of calm and refinement. A quiet comfort dwelt in the little glimpse I had of the room, that set- tled upon me even then, rough bushman as I was, with a pleasing sense. I can recall myself, bending below the withers of the panting horse, to peer under the rather low verandah, my dress wet with perspiration from his heavy sides, and my hand pressing the moisture from his shoulder till I heard it fall pattering on the gravel. Mr Christ- mas thought it was the working overseer, for he said, 'Is that you, Curran?' and without waiting for a reply he turned to place the light on the table, and then step- ped out to where I was. 'Well, Curran, what is it? I thought you were at the fire.' 'It is not Curran, sir,' I replied, 'but Ned the shepherd. I have come to tell you--' 'Better have your supper first, Ned. You've had a hard ride, I see. Are the sheep all right?' 'There is no time for supper--Red Jim!' I hurriedly told him all I knew. He heard me to the end with- out once interrupting, and then said quickly, 'Come in. There is indeed no time to lose.' I stepped after him across the pleasant room, where there were seated two ladies reading. 'Ladies,' said Mr Christmas, as gracefully as though I held the position of a gentleman, rather than that of a servant, 'this is Ned Graham, the shepherd, to whom you remem- ber sending medicine and comforts during his illness.' The ladies bowed pleasantly as Mr Christmas continued, 'He is now come to return your kindness with interest.' They looked at me with some surprise; princi- pally, I think, because of the emphatic, dis- tinct way in which the last few words were spoken. After a pause, the master said, 'Amelia, Emily--I wish to speak to you both for a moment.' They all three left the room, while I, curious in such matters, looked at the open books that were lying on the table. One was 'Ivanoe;' a second some French work; and that opposite the old gentleman's chair, a large family Bible. In a few minutes I heard Mr Christmas's step as he returned with two double-barrel led guns. There was a rigid expression on his face, very different to what I had ever seen there before: not the slightest evidence of faltering or fear. 'Are you cool, and a good shot?' were the first words he uttered. 'I am, sir,' I replied confidently, 'are the guns loaded, and the ladies safe?' 'They are in as safe a position as I can find for them, Ned; and the guns are loaded with coarse shot and ball. You had better see if the powder is well up into the nipple. I am sorry to say my caps are none of the best. A shot missed may be death to us, and to those I value more than myself. However, we are in the hands of God.' 'What plan do you purpose, Mr Christmas?' I asked earnestly. 'Take half a glass of brandy, and I will tell you.' He signed to the side- board, where a decanter stood. I was about to follow his suggestion, when he said, 'Stay! Don't pass between the light and the window. Go round the table. Every- thing must wear the appearance of peace. We cannot tell where they are now, and it would not do to arouse their suspicions.' In a few minutes the light was extinguished, the door was bolted, and we stepped quietly out on the little parterre in front. 'Now,' said my master slowly, 'there are only our two selves to defend my home and my chil- dren. My servants are all absent at a bush- fire that was reported this afternoon, and everything will depend upon our coolness and determination. We cannot do other- wise than shoot to kill. The gang will, of course, enter by the slip-panels, for they will not run the risk of leaving their horses behind. Then, as the faintest noise can be heard on such a night as this, they will not hazard the pulling down of the fence. We will each take up a position behind the large posts, take sure aim, and fire low. I'll fire first.' As silently as spectres we walked across to the paddock entrance, and stood opposite each other at the place indicated. With straining eyes and beating heart I peered into the obscurity. Afar I thought I could see a faint taint on the sky, like the reflection of the ruffian's camp-fire. The night was terribly silent and oppressive. There was nothing apparently on which to exercise the senses but a kind of overpow- ering hush. There was a dim hazy curtain across the sky, and the night was of a black darkness. . . . At last there came a thin faint murmur that barely caught the ear, and as I listened to know if it were real, I caught another but better defined noise that overpowered the first. At last I de- tected something that might be the footfall of a horse; sometimes it would die away and come again; but each time more clearly than before. And yet I could not feel cer- tain that I was not deceiving myself. Even- tually I heard a muffled sound, distinct and defined enough to proclaim the approach of a horse or horses. Mr Christmas heard it also, for I dimly saw him move. My hands felt along the cold barrels, and toyed with the hammers and triggers anxiously enough, and I put the gun to my shoulder against the sky, but failed to see the 'view.' Just as I had taken the weapon down again, Mr Christmas said, in a clear low whisper, 'Be sure you aim low, and don't be in a hurry.' As the sounds of the horses' hoofs, and of voices mingled, I detected the double click from the opposite gun. I followed the ex- ample, and, with both guns cocked, we waited the enemy's nearer approach. Gra- dually, I recognised the outlines of the men against the sky, cloudy as it was; they were approaching in single file, and as they be- came blacker and better defined, I heard a stifled laugh and an oath. In a short time they were within twenty yards of where we stood, and they pulled up to consult. Al- though they spoke in whispers, I heard much that passed, for my sense of hearing had become extremely acute, as that of all shepherds does. It was impossible to dis- tinguish by the tones who the speakers were, but I heard one of them inquire: 'Are you sure the hands ain't above!' 'Sartin--when Leary spun his yarn about the fire, the cove sent 'em all away to it.' 'Hallelujah fust. If we fire the box, it'll bring 'em back.' 'And no grabbling the molls,' whispered one of them, authoritive- ly, and whom I fancied was Red Jim, 'till I make the cursed old psalm-singer a back log for the bonfire. Then we'll make love if you choose.' 'Come on!' said an im- patient voice; 'don't hold a prayer meeting over it.' They then tied their horses to a fence that ran at right angles to the post against which I stood, and approached the entrance, still in single file. I determined to adhere strictly to the orders I had re- ceived, and waited for the opposite fire. I knew that my companion would allow the men to advance a little, so that he might not endanger me; and it was with a throb- bing heart that I saw the black form of the first bushranger pass between us. I heard him stumble with an oath over a cart-rut. Then a line of flame cut its abrupt short track on the darkness, and the sound had not passed to echoes before a shrill cry fol- lowed it, as the villain staggered on a few paces and fell, ploughing up the dust. The light of the discharge had just died out, when I heard another snap, as a sportsman shoots when firing right and left. I knew that the master's gun was now useless. 'Come on, Nix! It's the cove himself. I saw him by the light of the shot; his sting's gone now.' And one of the men rushed to where my master stood, followed by his comrade. I had one of them covered, but if I fired (I heard the noise of struggling) I might kill my master. Thus I stood with the gun at aim, undecided and half mad. The voice of one of the men, saying 'Damn you, knife him!' resolved me, and I fired amongst them. I saw some one sink down but I could not tell who it was, and, as he appeared to let go his hold, and rush to the horses, I took a second hurried aim and fired; then I bounded across the entrance, just in time to see the wounded wretch bending over Mr Christmas and trying to strangle him. In a moment the gun was poised and smashed to fragments on his skull. But we had exposed our strength, and the remaining bushranger, who believed he had stabbed my companion, seized one of the guns left standing at the fence, and fired. The ball was unpleasantly close, and I had scarcely time to know that I was uninjured, when Red Jim himself was upon me with the weapon clubbed. I made a rapid spring at him before the blow could fall, and grap- pled with him. We rolled on the ground together. With all the force of my strength I resisted his efforts to grasp me by the throat, but at last his hideous face sunk close to mine, and his teeth met beneath my chin. I experienced a suffocating giddy feeling, and then I heard hurried voices and running feet just as I felt my grip relax powerless. But the frightful gripe relaxed too, and Red Jim rose to his feet, and jumped on my chest with all his force. When I came to consciousness, I found my- self in the cheerful parlour, and the ladies' hands were tenderly washing away the traces of the fight. Mr Christmas had fainted from loss of blood, but was not dangerously wounded. Red Jim escaped, but his two companions, neither of whom were killed, were given into the safe keeping of the au- thorities, and afterwards hanged. Three years after the affray, Mr Christmas made me his overseer, and finally his manager. A long time has passed since then, but yet a closer relationship exists between us. I am writing the tale of my early experiences at the same table whereon I saw the Bible on that memorable night. There is a lady who sits opposite to me. She was the rea- der of 'Ivanhoe,' the daughter of Mr Christmas; and she is my wife.--All the Year Round. GET MARRIED.--With a wife the law- yer is more trusty, the doctor more res- pected and useful, the mechanic more in- dustrious, and the merchant gets better credit; in short, a man without a wife is no man at all. A beggar posted himself at the door of a Chancery Court, and kept saying, "A penny, please Sir! only one penny, Sir, before you go in." "And why, my man?" "Because, Sir, the chances are that you will not have one when you come out." Two countrymen went into a hatter's in New York to buy one of them a hat. They were delighted by the sample, inside the crown of which was inserted a look- ing glass. "What is the glass for?" said one of the men. The other impatient at such a display of rural ignorance ex- claimed, "What for? why, for the man who buys the hat to see how it fits him." MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE.--On Friday last (yesterday) a man's clothes were found on the rocks at the Blow-hole Point, Kiama, and in the pocket a memorandum, telling par- ties to search and they would find the body of Richard Fadden. The police have been en- gaged with several people looking, but no trace has yet been found. It is altogether a strange affair, as there seems to be no cause for the man's self- destruction. He is a married man with a family and has been engaged about the town for some time (two years or so), and well known to nearly every one in town.--Illa- warra Mercury. 