PREPARATION OF MANURES. Sir,—One of your correspondents asked, in a recent number of The Australasian, if it would be proper to burn bones, as he : was not within reach of a crushing-mill. I have no doubt that this question is one of considerable importance to many resi dents in country districts. The burning of . bones, like the burning of vegetable matter, is a useless waste of fertilizing elements. There is a very simple process by which bones may be reduced to a soft state without crushing, and without any less. This consists in simply fer menting them in a heap of stable-manure, covering the heap with a few inches of loose soil to absorb the ammonia and other faaes, which would otherwise escape, u dissolving bones by fermentation, it is necessary to guard against the production ■ of either too moderate or too great a heat. To produce a proper amount of fermen tation to dissolve, the bones without de stroying the stable-manure is what is re quited. Itwillthereforebenecessarytoex aminethebonesfrom time to time,toascer tajn when the process ib completed. This might bedone by thrusting an ironrodinto j the heap, When the fermenting process has been completed, the bones will be fonnd reduced to a soft state, Further J active fermentation should then 1>b, stopped by turning over the heap, or if the bones are required ■ for ] separate use as manure, they may be re-i moved. As the formation pf compost heaps is very much neglected in this colony, a few-remarks on this subject may be < worthy of attention. In the manage ment of land there should be no neglect or waste of manural elements, because the. collection of them involves extra labour or extra expense daring periods of the year when there hi leisure for such work- An immense quantity of manure might be collectedoneyery farm by simple making use of every, spare moment, and by taking advantage of every opportunity, which may occur. Of coarse it would be foolish to waste money or labour in collecting manures if more' can be pur- j chased and brought to the ground at a less cost, but etui, to pay money for foreign manures, and to economise time in collecting others at hand, will be fonnd by most fanners to be operations 1 widely different, and the one far less satisfactory than the other. ' ; There are two sources from which valuable manures may be obtained, but 1 which in this country have, as yet, at tracted very little attention. Peruvian guano is sometimes purchased at £15 per ton,' whilst the carcasses of all dead animals are generally allowed to putrify onthe surface of tins ground, and taint the atmosphere. It is eren greater waste to expend labour in burying or burning such carcasses. If they were covered up in the centre of a heap off earth and there left to decompose— the flesh having first been eut up into small pieces ana mixed with the soil—in a short period a soupy mass will be pro duced of neat value as a. mauure. The booes might afterwards be decomposed iu the manner already referred to. In all such operations, however, it will be ne cessary to prevent total loss by maggots. Salt is here, perhaps, too expensive to be used for' this purpose, and lime is dot' generally plentiful. Lime-water is fatal j to all insects, and if used in sufficient quantity to destroy maggots, it would be - beneficial. If caustic Gme were used it, would dissipate ammonia, which might not be all absorbed by the covering soil. It will be best to put oarcssses into sueh compost heaps before they have become much fly-blown. - : Every lsnd owner and stoekowner has, unfortunately, many available carcasses, especially since the introduction of! pleuro-pneumonia, and if, instead of ] burning or burying them, or leaving them ■ to putrify on the surface of the ground, a little trouble were taken to convert them ' into pUptpq, the results would more than. compensate tor' the labour bestowed. Flesh and blood are fertilisers of the first J class, and four or five carcasses of average weight ought to produce a return equal to a ton of the beat guano. ; There is another material available often in greet abundance, but which is almost wholly neglected. It is seldom, Indeed, that anyone Is ever found making j juso of vegetable matter as a manure. Indeed, the rule in this colony u to <do everything possible to prevent any vegetable matter getting mixed with the soil. Even the very Stubble left pn the fields is frequently burned. There can bard)ybe a more wanton waste than this. Hie who wilfully burns any vegetable matter, deprives his landpfihat store of wealth provided for- it ,by beautiful; jnature. -It is a great sacrifice-■ a burnt offering to the genius of stupidity, render ing all the labour of the elements during jibe year tbortive in one foolish taoinent. jit & '■this Dtuning -of vegetable matter Which faas mtde Australian soils different -yed vegetable natter, "what bush-fires effected, up to bp advent of civilised formers, from time: mmemoris), has been more rapidly and HMrftotiy.cartied on rinoe. The Greeks and the Rbmans knew the ralneof vegetable mattei*, at ^fertilisers. TeafeWfctt .was written neuty .2,000 nears agO i-rf You may mum manure,'! ays imttv " of theee things—stubble, juntos, strew, bean-stalks, chaff, haulm, indott-iekves. Fromtheoorn fields, roll out dwarfelder.hemlock, and all the all gnuis and toSds in the willow planta lohi, sndlty th()m belo* the sheep and sowS.^CdutoelUMsosayi!'--''! amluot iathe ippntry in which peither the dung of iaitie poif..of'bl^ tttobS iter, evenln euch places he js a slothful ttubandmsn that uai no manure. 'He pay '.collect any -binds of leaves, the shttingsof briers, and takings of high* says; he may cut forns, which, though on the fields of his neighbours, trill be rather an advantage than an injury to thein, and mix with the cleanings of the court-yard. He nay dig a hollow place, such ati we directed to be done for the dunghill, ' and throw into, it ashes, the dirt of the kennels and jakes (store houses), all lands of straw, and every thing that is^ swept from the house.". These ancient writers appear to hare kndwn better than many modern practi cal farmers the true value of vegetable substances., Even oar own abhorred thistle, which is by common consent every year threatened with a destruction which is never executed,-might he turned to a very useful purpose if decomposed in compost heaps. In abort, all kinds of weeds, even the worst, with all their seeds ripe, might, without risk, be first ferpiented and then placed in a compost heip. The. fact should never be lost sight of that every vegetable daring its growth derives the constituents of which it is composed from the atmosphere as well as the soil; that burning restores to the earth and to the atmosphere respectively whatever lias been derived from either source, and that by returning an entire plant to the earth, you give to the soil. more than was taken from it during its growth, and thus lay up a store of food for tlie nourishment of other plants. But more than this, the very process of decomposition, which takes place when green plants are bnricd in the soil or placed in compost heaps, acts upon the soil, and prepares inorganic constituents required in the growth of plants. xoura obediently, W, LOCEILUil M0EX05*. 