TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1865. In the petition of the Judges, pre- sented to the Assembly on the 21st ult. by Mr. O'shanassy, their Honours pray the House not to pass the Supreme Court Consolidation Act in its present form. Were the act to pass as at pre- sent drafted, the Attorney-General for the time being would obtain the clear legal right to the position which Mr. Higinbotham has assumed. In the prayer of the Judges' petition, the whole community will unite. Much, as we desire that our attempts at legislation should be rendered homogeneous, their inconsistencies harmonized, and their de- fects remedied, the House will see to it that Mr. Higinbotham does not by a side-wind give effect to his preten- sions in regard to " the officers of his " department." Nothing could be farther from the wishes, as nothing is more opposed to the interests, of the public than that the judges should be de- graded from their present independent position. We have already expressed ourselves so fully that we need say no more upon this point at present. We take occa- sion, however, to recur to a subject discussed and advocated in former numbers of this journal, the appointment of a judge in equity. Until the judges make complaint, we should not perhaps be justified in as- suming that they are so overtasked that they cannot give attention to the equity cases which are constantly arising. The peculiar mental, if not legal, training necessary satisfactorily to adjudicate in such suits renders it, however, most desirable that one of their Honours should take cognizance of such cases exclusively, or that an equity judge should be appointed in addition. When Mr. Molesworth was raised to the bench, it was generally understood that, having made equity jurisprudence his especial study, he would preside in suits of this kind. For a long time, in fact, he did so, and his luminous and dis- criminating judgments commanded ge- neral approval. Had Mr. Molesworth continued to devote himself to these cases, there would have been little need of change, at least in so far as the soundness of his decisions is concerned. The objections, however, which have been formerly urged against the present in- convenient and desultory practice still exist in all their force. Nor must we forget that equity suits are likely to in- crease as our social relations become more complex, as properties in trust increase, and other cases arise which are incident to older societies, like those of Europe. Not only would a lawyer accustomed to Chancery practice bring to bear the acumen, tact, and learning acquired in that school of law, but by an exclusive devotion to equity suits, he would dis- pose of them more expeditiously, if not more satisfactorily, than a common-law judge could be expected to do. Much of the expense now occasioned to suitors would be saved, and although the salary of an additional judge would increase the expenses of the law department, the gain to the public would be commensu- rate. While we would be slow in en grafting the usages of an older state of society like that of England upon our own, some important advantages would be gained by giving to an equity judge precedence of the others. This would indeed be an invidious arrangement were such an appointment to be made from the colonial bar ; but if a chancery lawyer of high standing were selected from the English bar, no such objection would be felt. Our chancellor might, like his English prototype, take rank next after the Governor. We may support the view which we have just advocated by a reference to the high authority of the late lamented Duke of Newcastle. In his address at the Australian dinner, 12th February, 1862, His Grace said, "Forgive me if I " venture to make a suggestion with " reference to this point, for it is " not only the purity, but the abi " lity of the Bench that makes it " to be respected. Until a recent time, " the judges were always appointed " from the bar of England, and I believe " that the Australian colonies would do " wisely - not invariably, but upon oc " casion - to ask the opinion of some " recognised authority at home who " would undertake the responsibility of " recommending impartial and qualified " versons for such offices. By such a ' course you would, I believe, strengthen " the bench of justice in the colonies, " and do a great good to the people. " You would bring men into the colo " nies free from the feelings and strug " gles of party, and whose sole object " would be to promote the interests of " all." Besides the advantage pointed out by the Duke of Newcastle of a freedom " from the feelings and struggles of " party," easy to be insured in an appointment from home, every care could be taken to select a gentleman not only of unsullied moral character, but one free also from objectionable family relationships. Care could, and probably would, be taken to appoint to the post a man not only of legal, eminence but also sans reproche. The field of selection from the colonial bar is so narrow that we should do well to follow the advice of the distin- guished nobleman recently deceased, and surround the bench of justice with all the prestige which learning, character, and so- cial status can impart to it, and especially in an appointment of the importance of that which we now advocate. It appears to us desirable, too, that some of the functions of the Minister of Justice should be discharged by an official who is not of the Cabinet. The ap- pointments to the commission of the peace are made in many cases to gratify political partizans. In some instances men of unworthy character, and in others of extreme illiteracy, have been promoted to the magisterial bench merely to strengthen party influence. Little re- gard is generally paid in these appoint- ments to intellectual fitness and to moral worth. We could point to licensing day in Melbourne, and to the proceedings of some of our country justices, for justifi- cation of these strictures, if justification were wanting. Now, second only to the purity of the judicial is the purity of the magisterial bench. We would accordingly remove such ap- pointments from the sphere of politics altogether, and assign them to an officer who should, in making them, be beyond the reach of temptation to pander to un worthy ends. To no officer in the colony could such appointments be so safely committed as to a colonial chan- cellor. For similar reasons, to him should be assigned the selection or ap proval of our stipendiary magistrates. And now to revert to the relation which an equity judge so selected and appointed might bear to the judges at common law. Were English precedent followed upon this point also, the chan cellor would be president of a court of appeal. A decision before such a court would practically be final, and would carry with it a greater weight than can attach to even a unanimous decision of the four judges, deciding as they at present do, upon appeal. To the chan cellor, too, it would be appropriate that the judges should refer in such a case as that which has occasioned the recent controversy. To the Governor, as the head of the Executive, such a reference would be unnecessary, even in form of courtesy. Other matters connected with such an appointment, emoluments, relation to the Executive, and tenure of office, we need not discuss at present. The condition of the aboriginal in- habitants of this continent is a subject full of interest to their white successors. Whether or not they are destined to disap- pear altogether from the land, it is still our duty to watch over their moral and physical well-being - to deal with them generously, and to take care that their latter days are passed in as much peace and comfort as civilization can provide for them. They are a sacred rent charge upon the people of this colony the first claim upon the soil of Victoria. There is something peculiarly melancholy about the spectacle of a whole race rapidly disappearing from the land which was once theirs to roam over in undisturbed security. And without seeking to inquire too closely into the causes of this decline, it is well that we should ask ourselves whether all has been done which ought to have been done, for the protection of the Australian natives, and for the amelioration of their state. Perhaps the answer, were we to carry our inquiries back into the early days of the colony, would not be entirely one which would be flattering to our sense of humanity or creditable to our civili- zation. The more reason, therefore, have we to wipe away all possibility of reproach from ourselves for the future. The fourth report of the Central Board for the Protection of the Abori- gines has just issued from the press ; and on the whole it is a document cre- ditable to the humanity and good feeling of the colonists, in their treatment of the small remnant which still exists of these once numerous races of Victorian natives. We could have wished for more informa- tion, indeed, as to the numbers actually surviving who share in the physical and moral comforts provided for them, and as to the subject of their decrease or otherwise. In this respect, the report is very defective. We have only an approximate statement of the number of blacks known to inhabit the territory, and but very scanty information as to their general condition and habits of life. So far, however, as the inquiries of the board seem to have extended, the result is tolerably satisfactory. At the date of the report, there seem to have been eleven places, varying from one acre to 3,500 acres in extent, reserved for aboriginal purposes, in various parts of the colony. The two largest of these are on the Hopkin's River and at Warr- nambool, and the smallest at Duneed. All these stations were maintained by Go- vernment at a total cost of £7,967 6s. 7d. for the year, the principal charges being for food and clothing, and useful imple- ments. The stores are dealt out to the blacks, either through the superintend- ents of the stations, or through the honorary correspondents, who act as agents for the board in their various localities. The blacks thus sup- plied would seem to be divided into two classes - those who are partly civilized and domesticated at the larger stations, and those who are still either wholly or partially wild and irreclaimable - the exact numbers of which, as we have before said, are not given, and we can only gather imperfectly the manner in which the favours of the board are dis- pensed through the detailed reports from some of the principal stations. At Cooranderrk (or Badger Creek) station, on the Upper Yarra, which appears to be one of the most thriving of the aboriginal communities, there is a little village of bark huts inhabited by sixty-seven souls, including adults and children. The site is reported to be excellently adapted for the purpose, and the aboriginals to be healthy, industrious, and well behaved. There is a large schoolroom for the accommodation of the children, nearly all of whom have received a certain amount of religious and intellectual training, under the care of Mr. John Green. On this station, the blacks are said to have done a great deal of hard work, having grubbed and cleared fifteen acres, and fenced altogether about a mile in length with good posts and rails of their own manufacture. They manage all the stock on the station, and are said to take much in- terest in the place generally. There was only one case of drunkenness among them in twelve months. Two of the men are reported to be highly intelligent, have built for themselves houses, and are reported to be, in their behaviour, comparable with the better class of any other race. From Lake Hindmarsh sta- tion the report is less satisfactory. The average number of resident blacks is thirty-two ; but the superintendent has not succeeded in making them cultivate the ground. The soil is said to be very poor, and the climate dry. Here there are four substantial log-huts for adults, and a large house for the children. The superintendent is not very sanguine as to the future, and com- plains that the old men wander about continually, and lead the young ones astray. During the shearing season they work hard, but only for the sake of saving a few shillings to spend in drink. At the Yelta station, the average number who attended during the year was sixteen. There are only two children in the school ; and from the superintendent's report, it would appear that the site of the station is a bad one for the blacks of the Lower Murray. At Lake Tyers, the number of residents exceeds fifty, many of whom have shown a desire to receive instruc- tion, and to give their time and labour in cultivating the soil. The superin- tendent's report is somewhat contradic- tory, the residents being blamed for being indolent and careless, given to " complicated matrimonial quarrels," and with habits of life which rendered their residence " unpleasant to them " selves and to their guardian." One young man receives honourable mention for his skill in calligraphy - his hand- writing being, we are sarcastically told, such " as might be imitated with " advantage to the public by those " among the Europeans whose business " it is to write." On the whole, the report does not speak of any marked improvement, in the condition of the blacks, As a general rule, they are comfortable and healthy ; but in their moral state they show they are but slightly reclaimed from savagery. From the station at Lake Wellington, the accounts are more encouraging. In the course of little more than twelve months, the blacks have built here a good store- room and mission-house, and have laid out and cultivated gardens and orchards, labouring cheerfully in the hard work of clearing the soil. The superintendent encourages every kind of health-giving amusement, and his charges are said not unfrequently to spend their hours in playing cricket and other games, and in singing the good old English songs. They have learnt one recreation, however, less innocent than these, and are declared to be adepts in card-playing, and fond of gambling. From Tyntyndyer, on the Lower Mur- ray, Mr. Beveridge reports, as usual, more favourably of the physical than the moral condition of the residents. This is the burden, in fact, of the document issued by the Central Board, The aboriginals under its charge, we have the satisfaction of knowing, are well- fed, well-clothed, and tolerably well-lodged. Their health is looked after, and they are perhaps as com- fortable as they will allow them- selves to be under European super- intendence. So far, therefore, there is no reason to charge ourselves with neglect of our aboriginal brethren. As to their moral condition, the report is not hopeful, and we fear will confirm the opinion of those who hold the blacks of this continent to be irre claimably savage and beyond the power of improvement. The few ex- ceptions to this rule noted in the paper before us, only puts the case in a more hopeless light as regards the large majority. It seems, indeed, that the race only shows a tendency to im- provement in those branches of it which are nearest extinction. The volunteer field day yesterday was at- tended by 2,112 members of the force. A detailed account of it is given elsewhere. Among the festivities which took place yesterday, not the least remarkable were the public school treats. The Royal Park was especially prolific in these gatherings, the Sunday scholars attendant at Collins-street and Albert-street Baptist churches, Victoria parade Congregational Church, and other places of worship, furnishing large con- tingents to the throng of youngsters who swarmed over this pleasant reserve. The domain at Prince's bridge was the scene of the annual festival of the scholars belonging to Wesley Church, Lonsdale street, some 300 children, and an almost equal number of members of the congregation and their friends, having assembled near the Obser- vatory, to keep holiday. The vicinity of Studley-park was also availed of for this purpose. The receipts upon the various railways profited largely by the great increase of pas- senger traffic caused by the number of people who spent their yesterday's holiday in an excursion. The principal centre of attraction was, of course, the review at the racecourse, and ample arrangements were made by the Victorian Railway authorities to accommo- date the number of passengers who it was anticipated would take the railway via Foots cray as their route to the ground. The number of tickets issued to Footscray during the day was about 5,600. Besides the pas- sengers represented by these tickets, there were three trains full of volunteers con- veyed to Footscray free of charge. Their numbers consequently do not appear in the traffic returns. Upon the Melbourne Rail- way the station most largely visited was that at the Survey- paddock, to which 6,500 pas- sengers were conveyed from the Flinders street terminus alone. Some 1,500 left the ter- minus for Brighton-beach, and about 3,000 for other stations, making a total of about 10,000 from the station during the day. However, there was a much larger number who arrived in town from the outlying stations than left town from the terminus. This was also the case upon the Hobson's Bay and St Kilda lines, although there were still 2,500 passen- gers from the terminus to St. Kilda, and 3,500 to Sandridge, besides those from other stations. Owing to the fact of the two great festivals of the season falling on Sundays, and in con- sequent of the number of donations in kind presented to the Benevolent Asylum, the directors of that institution were enabled to give the inmates yesterday a third special treat. The ordinary dietary was supple- mented by "extras" of an acceptable char- acter, the discussion of which appeared to afford both to halt and blind unmixed satis- faction. The inmates at present number 360, viz., 208 females and 92 males. It is almost superfluous to announce that the volunteer full and fancy dress ball will take place this evening, at the Exhibition building. Our Adelaide telegram announces the ar- rival there of the steamer South Australian from the Northern Territory. Archdeacon Raibey, who arrived per London, steamship, yesterday, was presented with an address by the saloon passengers for his ser- vices on board. The presentation whlch was made by Sir Daniel Cooper, was accompanied by a purse of 100 sovereigns towards the pur chase of a missionary boat for the islands in Bass's Straits. The new steamship London, belonging to the Blackwall Line, arrived in the Bay yes- terday, having made an excellent run of sixty-six days from Plymouth, including two day's detention at the Cape. On the 21at No- vember a shocking accident occurred, by which Mr. Harris, the sailing-master, and six sailors lost their lives. The London brings Cape Town papers to the 7th December, extracts from which will be found elsewhere. Among her passengers are Sir Daniel Cooper and Archdeacon Raibey. The annual meeting of the Melbourne Total Abstinence Society was held yesterday evening, at the Temperance-hall ; Mr. J. Ed waids, the president, in the chair. There were only thirteen persons present. The re port read stated that fifty-two meetings had during the year been held in the Temperance hall. Since the commencement of the past year, 517 temperance pledges had been taken in the hall. The financial resources of the society had been of late extremely limited, and the committee were compelled to acknow- ledge the utter impossibility of conducting the affairs of the society with success unless a great improvement took place in this respect. The report condemned the act recently brought in by Mr. Michie, and considered that it tended to defeat the very object for which it was introduced. The committee also thought that the condition of the beer-taps and low drinking-houses required magisterial investigation, as they were becoming public nuisances and were the resort of the lowest characters and most inveterate drunkards. The committee desired to be relieved from their duties and hoped that their successors would conduct the affairs of the society to the satis faction of its general members. The financial statement as to the receipts of the society showed that they had been £38 11s. 10d. during the year, and the expenses less that amount by £10 9s. The report and balance-sheet were received and adopted. A discussion took place in reference to the low state of the funds of the society, and the advisability of appointing a paid secretary and collector, with a view to their improvement. The meeting, after the transaction of some routine business,????. We have viewed from Messrs. Batchelder and O'Neill, on Collins-street, some admirably executed photographs of Dr. Bromby, Bishop of Tasmania. The likeness is extremely good. Yesterday afternoon, in Hobson's Bay, during a squall, a sailing-boat, containing three men, capsized. The accident was per- ceived from the steamer Kangaroo, which was immediately turned round ; but, in the meantime, a boat from the barque Antelope was manned, and succeeded in rescuing them, but little the worse for their ducking. We have received a cheque for £3 16s. from Messrs. Beauchamp and Rooke, being amount of contributions to the Melbourne Hospital by their employees. An inquest was held yesterday, at Moonee Ponds, by the district coroner, upon the body of the child who was found buried in a sand- bank on Friday. The jury found that the cause of death was congestion of the lungs, but whether this was accidentally or wilfully caused there was not sufficient evidence to enable them to determine. They also found that Mary Anne Stewart, who had been held in custody on the charge of infanticide, was the mother of the child, and that she had concealed its birth. Stewart was then com- mitted for trial, upon the charge of concealing the birth of her child. Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday, at Hotham, on the body of Cornelius O'Brien, aged fifty yeays. Deceased was by trade a carter, and has left a wife and nine children. On Friday last he was in his dray, conveying some empty casks along Flinders-street. One of the casks rolled off and frightened the horse, which became unmanageable. The dray was upset, and deceased thrown violently upon the ground. He was picked up and removed to the hospital, where it was found that he was suffering from paralysis of the whole body, the result of an injury to the spine received in his fall. He died the next day from the paralysis. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the above facts. Peter Virtue, one of those open-air preachers whose outpourings at the Eastern Market have been the cause of disgraceful disturb- ances on Sunday afternoons on several occasions, before the City Council inter posed, and suppressed the nuisance, was taken into custody on Sunday, at the Parliamentary Reserve, on the charge of using language calculated to occasion a breach of the peace. The expressions com- plained of fell from the rev. gentleman in the fervour of an address which he was de- livering to a crowd on the reserve. He was taken to the watchhouse, and was afterwards bailed out, to appear before the City Court to- day to answer the charge. No Bench sat at the City Court yesterday : but the mayor attended at the watchhouse and disposed of the prisoners - dismissing those who were charged with petty offences, and remanding most of the others. James Horne, John Wilson, Alexander Fraser, Robert McDuff, Charles Reimers, Robert Gregg, Margaret Caffery, Margaret Richmond, John Kellop, and Ann Eliza Kellett, charged with drunkenness, were all discharged George Brook, Thomas Leonard and John Wilton, brought up on the same charge, were fined 6s. each. Ah Hop and Ah Yen, charged with larceny ; David Selby, Emma Holmes John Walsh, Charles Williams, Norah Murphy, and Cathertine Bygrave, all brought up on various charges of disorderly conduct and William Rees, charged with pocket-pick ing, were remanded - some until Tuesday, the others till Wednesday. James Richardson charged with insulting behaviour; Thomas Simpson, charged with wilfully damaging property, and Alexander Davidson, charged with unbecoming conduct in a public place were dismissed. At the Williamstown Police Court yester day, a young man named Hubert Hargraves was brought up on warrant for deserting his wife and child. The prosecutrix stated that she had been married to the prisoner two years, and that he left her suddenly about fourteen months ago, without making any provision whatever. Witness next saw him on Monday last, when he told her that he had just come from sea, and that she should have some money as soon as he was paid off. During her husband's absence she and the child had been living with her parents. The prisoner said that he had £42 coming to him and as soon as he got it he would give his wife a part. Their worships awarded the complainant £30, provided that she would be satisfied with that sum ; if, however, she desired to press for a maintenance, the case must be reheard. The prisoner was then remanded till the following day. In accordance with notice given, the Court sat to consider applications for pub licans' and other licences for the district, and the following licences were ordered to be granted : - John Fowler, Oddfellows' Hotel, Dover-road ; Richard Latimer, Builders' Arms Stevedore-street ; Samuel Gempton Matthews New Dock Hotel, Morris-street ;John Watson, Bridge Hotel. Thompson-street; James Challis Pier Hotel, Thompson street. A grocer's licence was granted to Daniel Garton Groves conditionally on his taking out a wine and spirit licence. An application from Messrs. Rodger and Marry for a grocer's licence was adjourned till Friday. Mr. Crowel obtained permission to erect a refreshment-tent outside the Botanical- gardens in the afternoon during the fete. Messrs. Call and Mason occupied the bench. By the Aldinga, we have Adelaide dates to the 30th ult. Our Tasmanian advices by the Derwent are to the 31st ult. The papers contain no intelligence of more than local interest. The shocking tragedy at Daylesford con tinuees to excite the greatest interest through out the country, but nothing of importance has transpired with regard to it since the magisterial inquiry. A report was current yesterday that the murderer had been ar rested, but the Castlemaine Daily News of last night states positively that this is not the case. An English thrush has been seen in the neighbourhood of Coghill's Creek, near Cre wick, in the last two or three days. A little girl, aged one year and nine months, named Isabella McKenzie, was drowned at Sebastopol, near Ballarat, on Saturday evening, by, falling into a tub of soap-suds which was standing at the back of her parents' dwelling. The infant had only been absent from its mother five minutes, and when found was head downward in the tub and quite dead. Some excitement was caused at Wan garatta the other day by the appearance of a good-sized kangaroo, which came bounding through the town. He is supposed to have fled before a bush-fire which had been bur ning in the neighbourhood. The Gipps Land Guardian believes that a sum of money has been placed on the Esti- mates for surveying a railway from Port Albert to Sale. Some Loddon blacks, who have been camp- ing lately on the river near Echuca, held a corroboree last week, much to the amusement of the visitors from Melbourne. King Billy and King Cockey took advantage of the op portunity to introduce themselves to the strangers. A scoundrel (says the Riverine Herald) attempted to stick-up Mr. Waltham, a butcher at Moama, as he was returning home from Echuca the other night. Mr. Waltham, how- ever, retaliated in a way that convinced his opponent he had met with more than his match. It is stated by the Wagga Wagga Express that the Chinaman who was shot by Morgan, the bushranger, a short time ago, is recover- ing. A snake, measuring 4ft 6in., found its way into a sitting-room at St. Arnaud last week, and was killed while attempting to escape through a mousehole. 