~SPITOME OF GENERAL NEWS. ' Prayersfor Tain were offered at the va rious Episcopalian Churches, onSunday last. . The anniversary Soiree of the North Adelaide Congregation al Church, and of St. Andrews Church, was held on Sunday, Ai>ril 9. Mr. Hamilton iias commenced deliver ing a series of lectures on Phrenology, at the l^asonic Hall, Adelaide,on Monday list* but owing to the small attendance, the Professor an nounced that the remainder of the aeries would be postponed for a -week or two. \- Mr. and Mrs. Oliphant have been res pectively-appointed Relieving-Qfficer and Ma tron of the DastituteAsylnm. A boy nam6d Frederick Simpson, aged thirteen .years, fell down a well twenty feet deep, a short time back, but fortunately escaped with a few bruises. Mr. Henry Gawler; delivered the second lecture of'the Autumn aeries,, at the Adelaide Institute^ on ITriday last. The subject choBen by the lecturer, was "iLordMacanlay." \- Mr. Ashton's Circus seems to be quite .a success, being nightly thronged with crowds of spectators. A large bush-fire ragedlast week, be Bween Crafers and Btilhanjiab. \- The Blinman Mine (in the North), has been closed for the want of fiour. . The inhabitants of Gawler are memo rializing Government for the erection of a Post Office suited to the growing necessities of the township, in place of the incommodious place ia which the postal business has now to be con ducted. The match for the Swimming Cham pionship olethe. Colony, came off on Saturday, yrhen. the late Champion fKempBon), had to yield the belt to C. Baines. z H.M.S. Falcoa has taken up a berth in the Stream, opposite the Government steps at Port Adelaide, and has during the week been thronged with visitors. * . ~ The telegraphic Station-master at Ka dina, died on Saturday last -whilst riding from "fVa'laroo to Kadlna. Apoplexy was ^believed to be the canse. An inquest was held on Sun day, and a verdict of "Accidental Death" re turned. ■ : A complimentary dinner was given to Mr. H. M ldred, at the Glynde Hotel, on Mon day evening; Mr. G. H. Goode in the chair, and Mr. W. H. Kains in the vice-cbair. • His Excellency the Goverrior-in-Chief distributed the prizes won at the recent Govern ment matches, on Tuesday. A temperance meeting was held at the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, on Mondav, at which a good deal of business was transacted. The Rev. F. W. Gox delivered a lecture ontlie " Micrdscope," at GaichenBay,oae day lastweek. * The Court of Disputed Returns has de clared Mr. Carr duly elected in place of Mr. . Trimmer, for.thaDistrict of Noarlungi. A11 inquest was ieldjat.CangaiiH&, on Monday l^r, to enquire 1 ito the .origin' of a fire on the premises of Mr. Charles Batnett, oa the previous Tuesday. A verdict was returned to the effect that it .was not. known how the fire originated; .with a riJer .that at a fire lit on the day preceding that on which the fi :e alluded to occurred, proper precautions had not .been taken by.Mr. Barnett. 