THE HAtRVEST. DrrITEr the extrenme drought which has for months past prevailed throughout the land -the Kiluiore district rnot excepted-the crops in this neighbourhood have been of such a quality as to render harvesting ope rations of some real substantial value to the farm.ers, many of whom had lost nearly their all daring the few late seasons by the poor ness of their crops-which fron rust or grub were almost of such a description as not to be able to repay the mere outlay that would have to be expended in cutting them down. This failure of the main-stay of the farmers, coupled with the losses sustained by them in connection with bush-fires, boded much to twards turning that elass to some other oc cupations which to them may have seemed more remunerative, and many a one gave up farming as hopeless-as being an occupation at Whlit~h ti:y would be always in poverty som:e, who happened to be fortunate to do better, and others to siake bad wore. For nmers generally,,howev-er, are a hz:rd- working, easy-minded sort of men, who seldom or ever grnuble at the de:crees of an all-wise P'rovi de:ce, and who as a rule persist in their honest avocation even when hope seems al most blighted; they are of that type that are not so easily disheartened as to discon tinue their labcurs even at the total failure of their crops for one or two seasons couse 'utivel-k, but they still muore than ever co i tinue to sow though they may have doubts as to whether they shall reap, and this sea son we feel con!ident by reports from throughout this country, they are about' to reap doubly the reward of their energy, in dustry, and perseverancec. A. few months ago when the extreme dry ness of the weather threatened for the third or fourth season, the welfare of the farmer, and if any of that classwas questionedonthe street or elsewhere relative to his crops, it was something really reviving to see the cahl, philosophic, and resigned manner in which he wvold spli wfvitlh regard to his fe.ir?of ftilure, and his serupidously religious. method of always placing himself in the hands of Gcd, who, he would simply say, ktieiv bct what to db for him. The trusting farner therefore, we believe is now about to reap doubly the reward of his labour*-more than doublo what his expectations were :,,,a he can now content himself that his humble appeals to the great Giver have been heard, and are productive of good results neerly all will reap a bountcous hared.ming Aare Iu wV look o n a rti 0, short of i .., `ee asuch excellent crops sh . cprotracted drought with which we have been visitcd. The crops are better than they were in seasons when plenty of rain tl1, indeed we may thank the dry wea ther for the abundance of our hIrvie.t, as to it we attribute the total absCneo of rust and grub which'the fairmers for some seasons had to contend with. This is a forcible illustra tion that we ought not to murmur at what ever sort of weather the Almighty may be pleased to send us, as even by practical men it was thought there would be no return for the-seed sown-indeed for sannt of water the earth seemed like a itone--and yet the sea son is ushered it :abounding with the richest of crops.. ' Hlarvesting operations are carried .-on largely throughout the Ladiceield, Pyalong, MIoranding, and other districts, anud there has been a gri?t deniaiid for reapera, w ho seem to be like iolicemen when they are most wanted they are not to b6 found. 