4Forbe?. [FRnoa onn own connEsPoONDN r.3 No rain has yet fallen to refresh the surface of the country; the grass is consequently dried up'and withered, and bush-fires, on rather a large scale, may be seen burning nightly within a few miles of this place. At Snullivan's station, about. 150 miles down the river, and some other places, a great number of men are employed in maklngexcavations for the storage of water, but the total absence of this indispensable element on the majority of runs in.the Lachiandistrict checks, fora time, the execu tion of any works whatever of this nature for the present. .A fatal accident occurred at Sullivan's station last week, the victim being a young man belonging to this town named George Thompson, only nnes teen years of age. He was engaged with several other laborers in excavating a large reservoir, when amass of-some fifty or sixty tons of over-hanging earth caved in and completely buried him, the others escaping untouched. On being dug out, it was found that a leg and an arm-were broken, and that hewas altogetherdreadfully crushed. He died in less than two hours after his extrication. SOne of the chief grievances here is the excessively high prices charged for animal food and bread, as compared with- other places--the result of an ar n-angement between the two representatives of the "real? rinderpest," as London Punch styles the butohers, by whom the meat-market is monopolized, and a comfortable understanding between the local bakers. There is no scarcity of cattle at a low priceper head; yet beef is sold at. Gd. per pound, salt or fresh,.and comparatively good mutton also is sold at the same price. Flour is £32 per ton, mnd Is. 6d; is chared for the four-ljound loaf. I -notice that, in Sydney, which is largely supplied with 'cattle from the Lachlan, and, where heavy rents are paid, -and various other heavy charges ave to be met, only 2,d. per pound is charged for beef; and 4dv.-or mutton, while thefour-pound loaf is sold for 7d. also, notwithstanding hsgh rents, &c.;,-from which the- butchers,andbakers of Forbes .are entirely free. . : There is but littlechane to r~eport in the state of the.diggings. Nd secon shaft iras yet bottotned on the gutter on the pew lead (Mathieson's), but .the boring .machine -hasproved the cot?se of the lead, which is almost.at riglht aigles with tho North -Caledonia. Several claims -on the South Lead; the Victoria and Grassett's, continue to pay satis factorily, and-a few other fair claimi are at work in S-other portions of the field. Crushing is still the Sorder of the dayat the Pinnacle Reefs, but, at the Billabong, a temporary lullhas takenplace through -want of water. - The Lachlan River Annual Races, at Wowingra: \- ong, were but indifferently attended, and, with the exception of the race between Mr. tlazier's Lorimer and Mr. Rebinson's Gunnelier, or the ladiea? Porse, the sport was very tame. On the t?xat day, the Maiden Plat was won by Mr. Gls' aier's Gladiator, J. E. Jo.nes' Trpmpeter second, J. Newell's.Rowdy thid. Squatters' Purse: Mr. Robinson's Gunnelier 1; -Mr. Glaziers Lorimer Q(late Jack Sheppard): 2;' Mr. J..Goodluck's Limerick 8. Hack Race: Mr. Seale's Charley won the first and third heats, and Mr. Snttor's SWonder the second. On the second day; the We . winragong Pnlate was carried off by Gladiator, Li " -ereck.eecond, Gunnelier third. Ladies' Purse : Lorimer 1, Gunnelier 2. Consolation Stakes : Li merick 1, Trumpeter 2. Forced Handicap : Gune lier 1,-Limerick 2. - This latter was a gift to Gun nelier, the other horh pulling up at the first half mile. SWeather clse, but overcast, indicatingrain. Forbes, March UI, 1866. - 