SUPREME COURT— CRIMINAL SIDE. (Before His Honor Chief Justice Burt.) Wednesday, April 4, 1866. William Targett, charged with firing a field of wheat, the property of William Fred. Seymour, at Dunsbro', near the Vasse, on the 8th January last, pleaded not guilty. He was undefended. James Forrest deposed — I am a police con- stable at the Vasse, and know the prisoner and prosecutor. I heard that some wheat had been burnt at Kungenup, and went there. I found no signs of fire till I came close to the field. I saw a few spots in the field which had been attempted to be lit. I saw in the standing corn also several places where fires had been lit, but the corn did not burn far around at the small stacks. I saw where bundles had been pushed in alight to burn it, but it had gone out. All one side of the standing corn next the hill had been eflectually burnt. I observed that the fire had not gone more than 60 or 70 yards from the corn, and that black-boy tops had been pushed in alight into the bush fence, which had partially burnt. I tracked footsteps from the field for some distance up the road, and noticed that several trees had been set fire to. I compared the shape of his foot with the track he made, and I have no doubt but they were his tracks, both in the field and out. I afterwards took a native and examined, but could find no tracks for a long distance around. While I was in the corn-field, the prisoner came to me and said that a bush-fire had before come over the hill.There had been no bush-fire, for the ground for a long distance around had been burnt last summer. The prisoner had then been working there alone for 4 or 5 days. Where the fire was tried to be originated was a long distance from his work. The prisoner might have seen another person in the field, for the wheat was but about 30 or 35 inches high, and that was quite flat. I could see no signs that had been made to put the fire out. The ashes were not scattered, which is the case when a fire is extinguished. Some rushes were strewn about the reaped corn in the field. Cross-examined by the prisoner — People may be stock- hunting in the neighbourhood, and they might not be seen. William Fred. Seymour deposed — I am a small farmer at Dunsbro', Vasse. I had in January a small crop of wheat at Kungenup. The prisoner Targett was in my service. I had him assisting in carting and fencing in that neighbourhood. I went home, leaving Targett to reap the wheat. I returned to my house at Donsbro' about 8 o'clock at night. I saw the prisoner, who told me that my wheat at Kungenup had been burnt. I asked him how it came there. He said that he saw the bush- fire coming towards the field, and afterwards come down the hill like a racehorse. The wheat runs along the hill. He did not say that he had lost anything. I went to Kungenup. I saw that a great deal of the wheat had been burnt, and but few patches of standing corn remained. At the place where he said the fire came in like a racehorse, there were no signs of the fire having come in that direction. I saw several places where it had been attempted to fire the bush outside the field, and many burnt rushes. The hut is at the other side of the gully. William Curtis deposed — I am a farmer at Cape Naturaliste. I recollect passing Kungenup. I saw that the corn had been burnt. I observed that the fire had commenced in the middle of the field. I saw that some 17 shooks had been burnt entirely, and the sheaves appeared, to have been set fire to separately. I saw several spots of ashes which were not connected. The fire must have been made in the field. I saw a man's foot- marks round the field. I observed where they entered the corn, and a fire-stick had been dropped. Targett was there, and Seymour who was then in the field, asked me to examine the field. Cross-examined by the prisoner — I asked you how a little place had been burnt in which was your sickle ? You replied, ' Well, I must have been walking round the field with a lighted stick, and some sparks fell down.' The prisoner, in defence, said that he was innocent of the charge; that he knew nothing of the fire. Verdict — Guilty ; sentence — 8 years' penal servitude. George Bruce, charged with forging and uttering an order for the payment of money, with intent to defraud Richard Bourke, on the 20th December, 1865, at York, pleaded not guilty. The prisoner was undefended. Without retiring, the jury returned a verdict of guilty. His Honor the Chief Justice shortly summed up, and sentenced him to 5 years' penal servitude. Abraham Michael charged with stealing 100 pieces of sandalwood, the property of James Chowney, on the 20th December last ; a second count charged him with afterwards stealing another 100 pieces of sandalwood, and receiving, knowing them to be stolen, pleaded not guilty. The prisoner was defended by Mr. Lottie. James Chowney deposed — I cut some sandalwood in August, on my own account. I carted 5 tons to the bridge known as the Junction Bridge, on the South Avon. A man named Ashbot went with me on 18th October, and we took away 1 ton, which I had sold him, leaving about 4 tons. I went after- wards. I found that about 3 tons 5 cwt. had been taken away, and that 28 logs only remained. It was cleaned for market on 14th October, it was in one heap, and lay about 30 yards from the bridge. There was no sandalwood but mine lying near this spot. I heard my wood had been taken, and hence the cause of my inquiry into it, which I did at York. I had branded those logs with the brand produced (A), on the larger ends. I had given no one any authority to take the wood away. Cross-examined by Mr. Loftie — I was driving on the road, and passed where the wood was about once a month. I was told that Michael had taken my wood, but knew nothing of my own knowledge. I know nothing against the prisoner's character. John O'Neil deposed — I have been in the prisoner's service, and recollect being ordered by him last October to go with my fellow- servant Butler for a load of sandalwood; we went to the new line to the Junction Bridge, towards Mr Seabrook's Butler pointed out the wood, and handed it me, whilst I loaded the cart. There was about 4 tons there, besides a few logs near. It was on the left hand side of the road, about 30 yards from the bridge. We returned home, leaving the dray near the house in the bed of the river; it was past midnight. Next morning the prisoner came to me and said that he had examined the wood, and found that it was branded. We went together to the dray, and Butler and I threw the wood off the cart. It was branded (A) that produced is very like it. The prisoner told us to cut the brands off. The prisoner, Butler, and I, cut the ends off. We had a handsaw, chisel, and gouge during the time we were doing this, he said to me 'you are too particular; I have had many a ton of wood taken from me, and I don't see why I should not have one. He wanted me to take the wood to Perth, but I refused to go unless he gave me his handwriting. I took it to Perth, and sold it to Mr. Haysom, from whom I got £6 6s which I took out in goods, according to the prisoner's directions. It was clean, and fit for market. Michael lives about 23 miles from the Junction Bridge, in the Beverley district. I could have gone to his house by the road; but his orders were to come along the bed of the river. I should hare chosen the main road, but the river road is nearer; he is accustomed to travel by this road; when I returned from Perth on 11th November, and on the following day, the prisoner sent away my cart with Butler and McGee to get, he said, another load of sandalwood, which was coming from David Evans. The prisoner said he didn't want me to go into the bush. I saw the team again on the 14th November, early in the morning; it had just returned; it had a load of sandalwood upon it. The prisoner told me to go to Perth with it; Butler said if you are asked to say that you took a load of wood from the Junction Bridge to say ' Yes.' I was told by Butler to take out a handsaw which was in the cart ; I did take it out, and on arriving at Perth found a tomahawk in the cart. I noticed the ends of the wood appeared fresh, and to have been recently cut by a handsaw. I sold this load to Mr. Haysom also. On my return the prisoner told me to go for another load of wood I heard nothing till I got to York. Cross-examined by Mr. Loftie — I did not notice any brand on the wood on loading it at the Junction Bridge ; I am not short- sighted. The logs were of different sizes. I said nothing of the affair, because I was not asked. I was sentenced to imprisonment for stealing a watch at Guildford. I got the money for the second load. I lost it on the way. I was drunk in Perth, but I am sure I did not spend it. When I told him I had lost the money, he said he would lock me up. I gave him a promissory note for the lost amount. It was usual to get money for sandalwood. By the Court — The brand was made with a hammer brand, and struck on — not burnt. James Hayden deposed I am a police constable at York, and remember in November passing Junction Bridge, and seeing there a heap of sandalwood. It was about 30 or 40 yards from the bridge; there was the prisoner's team, and Butler and McGee with it close to the wood. Butler and McGee were servants of the prisoner. They were pulling up sandalwood from this heap, but they stopped when they saw me. I waited there a short time, and left. I saw a few other logs of wood on the opposite side of the bridge. I had before observed this wood, but never noticed any brand. The Junction Bridge is about 23 miles from the prisoner's, and the river road is the nearest way to Michael's house. They had but partially loaded the cart. Cross-examined by Mr. Loftie — I asked David Evans about the wood, but he denied all knowledge of it. Butler was not there. The statement of the accused was read, by which the prisoner admitted that he had bought the wood of Butler. Mr. Loftie addressed the jury at considerable length, and called for the defence John Butler, who deposed — I remember going with Bernard McGee for a load of sandalwood to the Junction Bridge. There was a load lying about a ¼ of a mile off. It was covered with bushes. He gave me a sale-note next day. I dressed the wood, and he he paid me for it. I remember giving the prisoner a writing, and putting my mark to it. It was about 14th November. By the Court — The words on the paper were what he owed me, and that he would pay me. I brought the wood I cut, and placed it within 30 or 40 yards from Junction Bridge. There was about a ton. There were 2 heaps of wood there besides mine. One of these heaps had more than a ton in it, and lay about 12 yards from mine. The 3rd heap was on the other side of the bridge. I cannot recollect when I sold my wood to the prisoner; it was before harvest, and was dated. I was a good while cutting my wood I cut it while I was on the road party. I was a probation prisoner, and was one of a party of about 17\. I left the party and joined Mr. Seabrook's service on 1st May. The wood had remained there from that time till I sold it. I often saw it, and covered it over. Mr. Wheeler was my warder, but he didn't know I cut the wood. I was in charge of the horse, and while he fed I cut the wood. I was the only man of the party cutting sandalwood. I never told O'Neil to say that if he was asked by a policeman whether I brought a load of sandalwood to Junction Bridge to say yes. I have never been with O'Neil to cart sandal wood. Cross-examined by Mr. Loftie — I am suffering imprisonment for cutting sandalwood without a license on the occasion I have referred to. By the Court — The prisoner gave me 5 days' rations and 25s. for the wood. George Haysom deposed — I remember receiving some sandalwood from Michael in December. The teamster who brought the wood stated that his master told him to bring back cash for it. He took some rations, and I paid him the balance. The signature to the paper produced is mine. I refused to give him the money, as he was drinking, and I wrote to his master to that effect. I have known Michael for several years in the way of business. He has always acted fair. O'Neil told me he lost the money I gave him. I thought it was likely he spent the money. O'Neil is not a man I would trust. \- By the Court — Michael has sent me several loads of sandalwood. F. F. Armstrong deposed — I have known the prisoner for some years. I have known him to make considerable transactions in Perth. I would give him credit as being a man of good character. His Honor the Chief Justice summed up and directed the jury to retire and carefully consider their verdict. Verdict — Guilty. Sentence — 3 years' penal servitude. James Webb was charged with burglary entering the house of James Cadby, at York, on the 29th January; a second count charged him with larceny of a gun, pocket handkerchiefs, and other property, belonging to James Cadby, from the same dwelling. He pleaded not guilty, and was undefended. The Attorney-General briefly reviewed the leading points of the case, and called James Cadby, who deposed — I live at York, and recollect leaving my house at about a ¼ past 8 on the evening of the 29th January last. I fastened the door with a padlock. I had a gun in my house, which is repaired with a piece of tin. On leaving my house, I met the prisoner, when I was on my way to Craig's. He asked me to come, and he would treat me. I went ; and we had some beer. He left me; bat I remained in Craig's for half an hour after wards. When I got home I found my doors open — the staple was drawn out ; my gun and many other things were missing. The gun produced is mine. I swear to it by its being a little crooked in one barrel, and the repairs I have made upon it. I felt convinced Webb had broken open my house. Reuben Lindley deposed — I was in the employ- ment of Ewings, in York, on 20th January. I recol- lect being at the prisoner's hut on the day following. He told me he was going to get red-gum with others, and wanted me to take charge of his hut, but I was employed by Ewings. Webb gave me a gun (the one produced), and told me to sell it for as much as I could. Webb brought a bag with the gun. He told me to hide it in some bushes near the hut. Sergeant Moye came to me, and asked me if I had a gun. I showed him where it was, and he took it away. I remained at Webb's from the 27th to the 30th January. Cross-examined by the prisoner — The gun was placed about 50 yards from the hut. I told Sergeant Moye I had the gun directly he mentioned it. John Moye deposed — I am sergeant of police at York. 1 remember on 29th January hearing of a gun having been stolen. I went to Lindley's, and asked him to show me the gun he had to sell. He showed it to me under some bushes. I have no reason to believe Lindley was implicated in the robbery of the gun. Cross-examined by the prisoner — He showed the gun voluntarily. I made no threats. I had heard that a man named Dixon had offered a gun for sale at Gallop's, but I am not aware that the Bench at York were aware of it. The prisoner, in defence, said that the witness Lindley was a stranger to him ; he came to him and begged admission to his hut. He allowed him in, and after an absence of a few days he returned, and found his hut in great confusion, and that Lindley had introduced the gun and some clothing which he knew nothing of. Verdict — Guilty. Sentence — 3 years' penal ser- vitude. THUBSDAY, APRIL 5, 1866. James Ford alias Ashford, and Samuel Curry, were charged with stealing 30 bushels of wheat and a bag of barley, the property of Michael Connor, at Northam, on 23rd February last; a second count charged the prisoners with receiving The prisoners pleaded not guilty. They were defended by Mr. HowelL The Attorney-General opened the case for the prosecution and called Michael Connor who deposed — I am a small farmer residing at Northam; I recollect 23rd February last. I then had 1o bags of wheat, and nine of barley in my threshing-floor. It was in bags altogether. In the night I heard a noise as of a cart; I went out to my threshingfloor. I found none there, but I heard a cart as if going from where I was ; it sounded heavy, as if loaded; went after them, and overtook them. I placed my hand on the cart; there were 2 men with the cart ; I knew one man of these was Ford. One of the men is in the box; after laying my hand on the cart I asked whose it was, and a man presented a gun to me. I fancy it was about mid- night. After I overtook them they consulted quietly together; afterwards Ford came to me, and said " Go back, Mickie, I'll bring your wheat back.' I went then to Gorman's, and got him to come with me. We went to where I had seen them, but saw nothing of them ; we went towards my house, and we heard a cart coming ; we hid ourselves behind a tree, but I was too much afraid to lift my head to see who was with the cart. We got up, and followed down to Ford's house, till I saw the team left in his yard ; it was now daylight ; Ford's house is abont 5 miles from my house; I called for Ford, and asked him for the loan of his team ; he replied in the affirmative. I afterwards saw the ten bags of corn on my threshing-floor. Cross-examined by Mr. Howell. — It was some time before midnight that I went to bed on the night the wheat was taken from me. A track passes close to my bedroom ; I didn't sleep much that night. I heard the team coming, and stop ; I didn't expect Ford to come that night, but I won't swear it. I never sold him auy wheat. I didn't get up when the team stopped at my house. I didn't think I wanted it. When it started I got up, and saw it. It was not moonlight, but starlight. I followed the team because I heard the sound. I knew Ford by his voice. I told Ford I couldn't afford to lose the wheat. I heard the wheat go from my house. I will not swear it was a gun he presented to me. I think he placed it to his shoulder; it may have been a stick. I went to Ford's to borrow the cart as an excuse. Ford had been to my house during the month ; he came on Sunday. I live alone. Ford saw my wheat on that occasion ; he spoke of it as being very good; he didn't say he would like to have some for seed; I made no remarks about it to him; we never agreed to exchange 40 bushels of wheat. Cross-examined by a Juror — I knew it was Ford not only because of his voice, but I knew him, having been acquainted with him for 2 or 3 years. By the Court — I know the cart was empty at Ford's. I have had no conversation with Ford about the wheat ; I have known Curry 5 or 6 years ; he lives in Northam, but not near Ford or myself. I cannot say that he was with Ford, with the cart. William Gorman deposed — I am a farmer at Nor tham, and recollect Connor coming to my house in February. It was night. I went with him down the road and heard a horse team coming. I saw but one man with it, but I didu't know him. 1 hid myself, but we soon returned to Connor's, where we found 10 sacks of corn outside the threshing-floor. Cross- examined by Mr. Howell — The cart seemed empty, and we spoke to no one. I did not return to Ford's with Connor. Cross-examined by a Juror — I don't know who the man was I saw driving the team. I went imme diately with Connor. By the Court — I have known Ford 2 or 3 years, and to have been driving a team some time. John Kelly deposed — I am sergeant of police at Newcastle. I remember Connor coming to me on the 24th Februrry. I went with him to his house, and to his stackyard, and saw where a cart had come from the road to the fence. I saw several sacks of corn lying scattered about. I tracked the cart to where Connor said he had overtaken the cart. I tracked it back again to the fence, which had been pulled down, and there were tracks leading to where the bags lay. There were 9 bags of wheat and 1 of barley. I tracked the team again and found it had been twisted and turned about in the bush, it was a horse team. I followed the tracks till night, and next morning I resumed the tracking, and followed it up into Ford's yard. The tires corresponded; they were large tires, and the tracks were distinct. Cross-examined bv Mr. Howell— I tracked the cart, but it was taken the way that it came. Ford lives on a place belonging to Butterly. Mr. Howell at some length addressed the jury for the defence, carefully reviewing the leading points of the evidence elicited. His Honor the Chief Justice directed the jury to return a verdict of not guilty against Curry, upon whom no guilt had been thrown. His Honor summed up briefly, and explained the case to the jury. Verdict— Guilty. Sentence — 9 months' hard labour. James Mathias was charged with burglariously entering the dwelling house of Mr. H. T. Devenish, at Guildford, on the 20th of March last; and after wards with larcency from the said dwelling house of sundry articles, the property of Sydney Chester and another. Pleaded guilty. Sentence — 9 years' penal servitude. Herbert Joseph Redding was charged with steal- ing on 25th January, a keg of rum, one pound of tobacco, and other goods, the property of Francis Yatcs, at Northam pleaded guilty. Sub-Inspector Piesse spoke of Redding the prisoner as being a person of very questionable character. He was convicted of larcency at Guild ford. Sergeant Moye testified to a conviction of larcency at York. Sentence — 3 years' penal servitude. John Smith was charged with stealing from the dwelling house of G. McIntosh, at Fremantle, on the 22nd December last, 36 watches, chains, seals, and other goods, the property of the said G. McIntosh ; a second count charged him with receiving. The prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was un- defended. The Attorney-General carefully laid the facts of the case before the court, and called George McIntosh, who deposed — I am a watch- maker, and remember the 22nd of December. I had a great many watches in my house — 40. I keep a book in which I enter all. I had jewelry also, brooches, &c.; ; there were a silver brooch in the shape of a thistle, and a silver albert chain. The whole was worth perhaps £300. I left my premises, having fastened it securely at about 7½ o'clock on the evening of the 22nd December. The blind was up. There is one ground window, The watches and jewelry were in a glass case on the lower room. I returned at 10 o'clock, after practising in the Volunteer Band. I found both front doors open; I found a greater portion of my watches, and a good deal of the jewelry had been taken away. I found a box of matches in the room, and a few matches which had been lit. The blind was down; I know the prisoner by sight. The watches now produced are two of those I lost that night ; the description in my book corresponds with them ; a paper has been taken out of one of the cases of one watch, and a nick mark has been obliterated, as well as a figure of one of the numbers in the case ; these watches are worth £7 or £8. William Dale deposed — I am sergeant of police at Perth, and know the prisoner Smith; I recollect looking round for the prisoner in Perth on 23rd Dec., but could not find him ; I had heard of the robbery of watches at Fremantle, and hence my suspicion of Smith. I went to Jackson's lodging-house, and found Smith. I told him to dress, as I wanted to search him. I arrested him, and had him locked up. I afterwards returned to Jackson's, and told Jackson that I had arrested two men in his house, and that I suspected they had handed him some property, and I told him to give all of it to me. He handed me the two watches produced, and mentioned from whom he had received them. I have had them ever since. Smith is a man of good character, and not a man that might be suspected. Cross-examined by the prisoner — I found no pro- perty in the room when I searched you. Thomas Jackson -deposed — I am a lodginghouse keeper in Perth. I remember an investigation being made before the Magistrates, and I recollect before this time Sergeant Dale coming to my house. He said he thought I had property of two of my lodgers — one named Smith. I handed him two watches (produced) which Smith had given me to take care of. It is common for lodgers to entrust me with their property. He asked me to buy one of them. He gave me no account of them. I don't know how he gets his living; neither had I before seen the watches. James Dickson, a police constable at Fremantle, testified to observing the prisoner at Fremantle on the day of the robbery at McIntosh's, and for several days afterwards. John Henderson deposed—I am a lodginghouse keeper at Fremantle. I remember the prisoner lodging at my house in December — from the 11th to 25th— and interruptedly till 8th January. Cross-examined by the prisoner — Lodgers are always reported in bed at 10. William Snook deposed— I am Sub-Inspector of police at Fremantle, and remember noticing the prisoner there about the time of Mclntosh's robbery. The prisoner made his defence, protesting the improbability of his giving stolen property into the hands of a second person, and his innocency. Verdict— Guilty. His Honor the Chief Justice explained how the law awarded punishments in cases of the kind upon which the prisoner had been found guilty, and observed that by his assisting the owner to find the whereabouts of the remainder of the stolen property, it would considerably mitigate the punishment. Sentence would therefore be deferred till Wednesday next. Patrick Shovelin was charged with feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of money, amounting to £4 5s., on the 7th January, 1866, at Perth, with intent to defraud. The prisoner pleaded Not Guilty, and was defended by Mr. Howell. James Murray appeared in the information in con- nection with the prisoner, who, on the summary investigation, had been released on bail. He did not appear to his recognizance, which His Honor directed, should be escheated; that a warrant of arrest be issued, and that he should be detained till the pleasure of the Court. Murray, however, in a short time appeared, and His Honor excused the absence of the prisoner, and he was duly arraigned with Shovelin. Murray pleaded Not Guilty, and was undefended The Hon. the Attorney-General introduced the principal facts of the case to the jury, and called Henry Arthur Dore, who deposed— I am a pub- lican in Howick-street. I recollect the prisoners being at my house on the 7th of January. They called for and had some porter. Shovelin, whom I could see, sat in the tap, and Murray asked me for 2 bottles of rum, for he was off to Mr. Mason's station he said. I gave him the rum, for which he gave me a cheque for £4 5s. on Mr. Mason, and out of which 1 gave him £3 17s. change. I had often seen Shovelin before I placed the change on the counter, and Murray ushered the money into his over-coat pocket, in a very careless manner. Shovelin left, but was soon overtaken by Murray within 20 yards of my door. They appeared to be in conversation. Cross- examined by Mr. Howell — I did not see Shovelin touch the money. By the Court — The prisoners went out of differ- ent doors, and both joined in the street. I have known Murray for years ; I came to the colony in the ship with him. They carried away the 2 bottles of rum. Benjamin Mason deposed — The cheque produced is not in my handwriting ; neither have I ever authorized anyone to sign such for me. Cross examined by Mr. Howell — Murray has been in my service, and cannot write — he makes a mark. Shovelin can write ; but the writing on the cheque is too good for his. Anne College deposed — I am the wife of a pen- sioner, and lived in the cottage adjoining Eyre's on the 7th Jauuary. The partition which is of single brick, is not filled in to the roof, and any noise can be heard in my room that happens in Eyre's. I saw Shovelin and Eyre go in together; I heard them talking, and saw Mr. Eyre come out. Eyre said, ' I can write 3 or 4 hands — give me a 'Swan,' and it will be all right.' Eyre and Shovelin remained inside together. I heard Eyre say, ' I'll draw one on Ben. Mason and Dore. Shovelin. must have been present with them. Cross-examined by Mr. Howell — All the conver- sation proceeded from Eyre. I did not hear Shovelin speak. By the Court — I heard Eyre address Shovelin by the name of Bob ; but I did not hear Shovelin speak. Jane Norton deposed — I am the wife of Edward Norton. I know Mrs. College, and was at Eyre's between 9 and 10 on Saturday night, 6th January. Eyre and his wife were there. I saw Shovelin there. I asked Mr. Eyre for what I had come for, and left. Cross- examined by Mr. Howell— I didn't observe Shovelin or anyone else go into Eyre's that night. By the Court — I have seen Shovelin's hand- writing, but it does not resemble the kind of hand that I have seen him write. By a Juror — I saw neither pen nor ink in Eyre's. B. Mason recalled — I know Eyre, and have seen his handwriting. I have seen him write. The handwriting on the cheque I have no doubt is Eyre's. Cross-examined by Mr. Howell— Eyre is now suffering imprisonment for forgery. David Semple deposed — I know a person named Robert Eyre, and I have seen his handwriting, I believe. I cannot say whose handwriting it is on the cheque produced. Mr. Howell addressed the jury for Shovelin's defence. Murray said Eyre gave him the order in Hay- som's yard, and he was afterwards to pay him back again. He believed it was right, and gave it to Mr Dore as such ; after changing it he gave the money to Eyre, except 30s., and in a month's time he was to pay it back again, with 5s. interest. Verdict— Not Guilty. Egup or Conder, an aboriginal native, was charged with the murder of Edward Ellis Clarkson, at Galver-cutting, on the 1st August, 1865. Through the Official Interpreter, the prisoner pleaded Not Guilty. David Hackett deposed that he was hutkeeper for Mr. Clarkson on the 20th July last, at a place called Galver-cutting. I heard a noise, and saw 4 natives rushing upon me. I seized my gun, which missed fire ; I then knocked one native on the head ; I was then knocked down, and my arm was broken ; I was held down, and some of the natives took the flour and my gun. They took powder and caps, and damper. On the morning of the 31st July, I again saw the 4 natives who had knocked me down — the prisoner is one of the four I saw on those occasions. They had spears and sticks and my gun with them. The natives said they would shoot me if I did not give them everything that was in the hut ; I defied them, and , they seemed agitated, and one of them said he would kill. me when he caught me next time. Mr. Clarkson was out with the sheep. On the evening of the 31st July, about 7 o'clock, Mr. Clarkson and I were sitting at supper, outside the hut: We were about a yard apart. Whilst we sat there, 6 spears were thrown at us, and one of those spears struck Mr. Clarkson in the side, and one grazed my arm. Mr. Clarkson laid down. The natives didn't return that I know of, but the dogs were very restless. Mr. Clarkson directed me to go out with the sheep next morning, which I did, but returned in about an hour. On approaching I saw 3 natives spearing Mr. Clarkson through the tent ; I fired at them, and they ran away. The prisoner was one of them. I found that Mr, Clarkson had been again speared in the thigh and fingers. I think the wound in the thigh was about 3 inches deep ; the tops of the spears were in his fingers. The piece of spear produced is the remainder of what I cut from Mr. Clarkson's side. Mr. Clarkson died. I covered up the hut, and came to Toodyay, He suffered much from the wounds. I am quite sure I saw the prisoner with a spear in his hand, jabbing it into the tent. By a juror— I did not see Egup throw a spear on the occasion when Mr. Clarkson received a spear in the side. Arthur Edward Growse deposed— I am Medical Officer at Toodyay. I remember Mr. Edward Ellis Clarkson, and saw his dead body a few days after death. He had a wound in the right aide, which was quite sufficient to cause death. John Kelly deposed— I am Sergeant of Police at Toodvay, and remember going to Galvercutting and finding Mr. Clarkson's body in his hut. I took ont the piece of spear produced from his body. Charles Wisbey deposed— I am a police constable at Northam, and arrested the prisoner on the charge of killing Mr. Clarkson. He said "I didn't spear Mr. Clarkson; my spear went over his head." "Ngowee speared him in the side.' I clearly understood him, and he spoke voluntarily. I remember the prisoner made a statement before the committing magistrate through another native. The prisoner, in defence, through the official interpreter, said, I was not present when the second attack was made on Mr. Clarkson ; my comrades' spears went down, mine went upwards or above. Verdict — Guilty, but recommended to mercy. His Honor the Chief Justice explained the grounds only upon which the leniency of the Court might be sought to be extended; upon which one of the jurors retracted from his decision, and His Honor directed the jury to again retire. The dis- senting juror remained obstinate, which resulted in a night's incarceration. Friday, April 6. The jury which had retired undecided the pre- vious evening, were brought forward, and not being able to return a verdict, His Honor the Chief Justice directed another jary to be empannelled, and the case Reg. v. Egup to be again opened and proceeded with. The Attorney-General made some short explana- tory remarks, and called the witnesses of yesterday, who gave similar testimony. The prisoner, in defence, through the Official Interpreter, reiterated the expressions given on his trial of yesterday. Verdict — Guilty ; sentence — Death. James Ritchie and Edward FitzGerald, charged with stealing, on the 20th March, a horse, the property of George Dixon, at Fremantle, pleaded Not Guilty. They were defended by Mr. Howell. John Fee deposed — I am a police constable. and remember being on duty with constable Healy at Fremantle. A little after 10 I saw the two prisoners in High Street, coming towards me. They turned down Packenham Street ; I saw nothing in their hands, but in a few minutes I saw them again, when Fitzgerald had a bag on his back. I questioned Bitchie as to his condition, and constable Healy asked Fitzgerald what he had got in the bag, he replied ' it might be watches.' Bitchie then turned out the contents of the bag, which were a saddle and bridle ; Ritchie said they belonged to him ; and that he had brought up a horse from Mr. Guerin's and sold it to Mr. Newman, at the same time pro ducing a piece of paper which he said was the bill of sale ; the piece of paper produced is the same, (this paper was a receipt for the horse signed by Messrs. T. & H. Carter & Co.) ; Ritchie said he would have to send the saddle by steamer in the morning ; we allowed them to pass on, knowing they were free. About midnight I was in Market Street with Healey, when we heard the noise as of a horse galloping from towards the beach ; we ran up and caught the reins ; Ritchie had his saddle on the horse, and was riding her ; she was of a dark-brown colour; I asked him where he got her ; he replied it was the same as Mr. Newman had received, but as it was lame he refused to keep it; he again showed me what he called his bill of Eale; I cor rected him in saying that Mr. Locke's name was on it, and not Mr. Guerin's ; he said, ' Oh, yes, by the bye, it is Mr. Locke's ; I gave the other to Mr. Newman.' I arrested him, and lodged the mare in the police stables. George Dickson saw the mare in the police stables ; I don't know her myself. I recollect going with Dickson to a place near the old Convict Establishment ; there I saw tracks of two men and a rope, which appeared to have been used as a litter rope ; all the tracks led in the direction of the old Convict Establishment. We followed these tracks into the old Establishment yard, to the door of FitzGerald; from there I fol- lowed the tracks to where I arrested Richie; I mean the tracks of the horse; I then arrested FitzGerald in his own house. I took the boots of the prisoners, and compared them with the tracks on the same morning — they corresponded with the foot- prints. Cross-examined by Mr. Howell — I am not posi- tive that Fitzgerald said it was hard to be locked up, and charged, because he was in the company of Ritchie. There is nothing peculiar in the shape of the boots. I fancied on the first occasion I saw the prisoners they had had some drink. I understood him to say that he (the prisoner) had sold Mr. Newman the horse. John Healey, a police constable of Fremantle, gave similar and corroborative evidence to the former witness. George, an aboriginal native, having affirmed to speak the truth, said — I am a constable in the police at Fremantle. I went to see some tracks on some grass near the old Establishment. I saw two men's and a horse's track. I compared the boot produced with one track, and it corresponded. George Dixon deposed — I live at Fremantle. and am a carter. I remember 29th March, when I had a mare tethered near the old Establishment wall; she is dark brown in colour. I put her there in the evening, and next morning I was shown my mare in the police stables by constable Fee. By the Court — I know nothing of Richie. I have seen Fitzgerald before. This closed the case for the Crown. Mr. Howell then addressed the jury for the defence. The jury retired, and after an absence of about half an hour returned, and recorded a verdict of guilty. Sentence — 5 years' penal servitude each. Monkey, an aboriginal native, was charged with committing a rape upon Margaret Maloney, at Newcastle. He pleaded not guilty through the Interpreter. The facts of the case are such as are unfit for publication. Verdict — Guilty. Sentence— Death recorded. 