ITEMS OF NEWS. The anniversary of the Wesleyan Church, Campbell's Creek, will be held on Sunday next, the 20th inst. Sermons will be preached in the morning and evening by the Rev. J. S. Waugh (President of the Wesley College, Melbourne), and in the afternoon by the Rev. W. King. On the following day, the annual tea-meeting will be held, at 6 o'clock in the evening. Addresses will be delivered by the Revs. Waugh, King, Hill, Hall, Dubourg, and others. The usual weekly parade of the Volunteer Corps takes place on Wednesday evening. A meeting of the corps will be afterwards held, for the purpose of choosing non- commissioned officers, The following are eligible for election : —Sergeant Courtney, W. Hull, F. Bull, — Pal- liser, and Flanagan. By the Government Ga zette we observe that Acting Lieutenant George Byland is appointed ; Lieutenant in the Castle maine troop of the Prince of Wales- V. V. Light Horse. Again we are able to record an agreeable change in the weather, rain having set in yes terday, and continued all night. i The Christy's Minstrels gave their last per formance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. The house was well filled, and as on the former occasions of their appearance, the melodists were warmly applauded. We believe the company have left for Sandhurst, where, no doubt, they will be patronised as liberally as tbey deserve. : Considerable dissatisfaction is felt by many of the agri cultural societies' in the country districts at the delay which is occurring in the receipt of their subsidies from the Boardlof Agriculture. . The sea son for ploughing matches is advancing, and the funds withheld are required not only to assist in ar ranging such, but also to discharge other claims upou -the societies. It - is desirable that the cause of complaint be at once removed. : - We (Argus) are sorry to have to announce the death of Councillor W. L-. Kelly, which took place yesterday evening, at his house in Simpson's-road, after a short but severe illness '(believed to be rup ture of one of tbe valves of the heart), which from the beginning left little hope of a favorable issue. The deceased was a native of Tewkesbury, in Glou cestershire, where he commenced business early in life as a stationer. Afterwards heestablishedasimiiar; business in Newport, Mom, which lie left for Mel bourne in 1852-3, attracted by the glowing reports which were then reaching England from the gold- fields of this colony. Always enterprising, he at once commenced business in the Arcade, which he made famous. He was subsequently for many . years the landlord of the Argus Hotel, which under his genial supervision became a .rendezvous .for the literary men of Melbourne, and celebrated for its draught and chess tournaments which were of fre quent occurrence. After wards, -having been the first lessee of the corporation markets, he became the proprietor of Melbourne Punch, and retired from all other business, to enjoy, in comparative re tirement, the ease the right to which he had earned. A few months ago lie was elected,, without op position, to . represent Latrobe Ward iu the Cor poration of Melbourne. Three weeks since he was seized in his office with violent retching, during which (in. his medical attendants' belief) his heart was fatally injured. , The deceased, was a large- minded man, a warm and generous friend; and there are none who knew him who will not share deeply in the sorrow of his immediate relatives. The Bendigo Advertiser, has .the following ad-, ditional particulars in reference to the death by hang ing mentioned in our issue of Saturday ':— The Dis trict Coroner held an inquest yesterday, at the Royal Oak Hotel, Back Creek, on the body cf Pat rick Macnamara, a. cutler by trade, aged 54 years, and a native of Clare, Ireland." The evidence of Michael O'Loughliu showed that he had known the deceased at home 20 years ago, and also for the last two years on the Back Creek. He was 'eccentric in his habits and had no relations here. Witness had been with deceased in his tent on the morning of the 10th instant, and deceased eat heartily of break fast. After remaining au hour and a half O'Lough- lin went away, promising at the request of deceased to come back in, the afternoon at four o'clock to make a drink for him. Witness did so, but found the door shut. After knocking and getting no answer he went away home, but returned shortly with some soup. He knocked again, but lib one answering be went over to the Police Camp, and seeing Constable Ryan they both proceeded to the tent and burst open the door, when they found deceased hanging by a rope round his neck from the-ridge pole of the tent quite dead. Thomas Ryan, in charge of the Back Creek Police Station, 'gave corroborative testimony, and stated that deceased had tied his hands behind his back, and had stood on a shovel before commit ting the fatal act. Witness and his wife had fre quently taken little nourishments to deceased, as he was very weak and ill. Dr. Cruikshank said he had made a post mortem" examination of the body, and from the medical and other testimony, the jury re turned a verdict that" deceased had" hanged himself while suffering under a very bad and long continued attack of yellow jaundice. The Argus says The following on clit has reached us, and we give it for what it is worth : — It was remarked, on the- departure of Sir Charles Darling, that tlieCuracoa's boat did not convey him on board the Alexandra, and that none of the officers witnessed the embarkation.. It . is stated that when Sir Charles; Darling was;;ahbut ;?to: leave tho colony, the Treasurer (Mr.Verdon) went on board the Curacoa to ask Commodore Wiseman for the corvette's boat to take His Excellency on board the A lexandra, _ which was . at ..once agreed to. Mr Verdon, then, with some flippancy; remarked he presumed they might hoist the ensign- at the fore of the Alexandra, when the CommMore replied— ' Certainly not ; if you know anything at all of naval etiquette, you will be aware that that is an honor reserved for Her Majesty or the Lord High Admiral.' He added, it is said, '1 tell you what, sir, you may break the law as much as you like on the land, hut I shall take cai-e you won't do so at sea, as there I am supreme to cany out the law. ' It is said, further, that Sir William. Wiseman informed the Treasurer that if the Alexandra hoisted the en sign at the fore, he would send a. boat's crew on board and haul it down. ,, An "Humble Admirer" sends the following to the Herald. Sir,— I fancy that i Governor Darling would have received a lesson of the evauescence of popu'ar affection if he were present at the sale of his effects, etc. , this day, at. Tborak. H's portrait— in a very passable style of art, and creditable to any artist— was put up to auction, and the amount realised was only ninety shillings— L4 10s. Why, Sir, the gilt frame, in which the portrait was, was worth more thin double the sum. ;s and although I saw several carriages of the friends of the Governor —well filled with tliein too— yet there was not one to rescue the portrait from oblivion ; and possibly a consignment to the shades of: Little Bourke street. I am, yours, etc., The sale of Sir Charles Darling's household fur niture, &C.; , was commenced on Friday, at Toorak, by Messrs.. Greig add Murray. There was a large attendance of buyers, and most of the articles brought under the hammer obtained good prices. " A poor law jurisdiction will be Boon neces sary at the police office," observes the Geelong Advertiser. " Daily, frail women and their off spring come forward beseeching relief when there is none. It is astounding to realise the extent of the evils arising from the disregard by men and women of marriage. The tale is one of the many. The father flies from the conse quences of his crime, and his offspring becomes charge on the public. His concubine tells in open court the story of her shame, in the hope of relief from the poor-box for herself, and for her children the support of the Government m one or other of the institutions of public charity. Day after day, when the ordinary business of the court is over, and the magistrate about to leave, a string of women pour in toward the Bench, dragging children along with them. They are all deserted by their husbands, or the runaway fathers of their children, and so con stant does the stereotyped tale become that it induces one to believe that abandonment of wife, concubine, and children is, amongst a certain class, more the rule than the exception. Whe ther this phase of society is a novel one, or only made more apparent by the facilities afforded to married and unmarried to place their children at the expense of the State, it is hard to say ; but lately it has forced itself on public attention, and must before long be dealt with by the Legis lature. Industrial schools will not meet the demand for admission to them. Reformatories will be crowded to overflow, and still the evil will be going on only slightly palliated. An order of court for the maintenance of illegitimate children is followed by the flight of the putative father, the mother is left helpless, and her chil dren are confined to State keeping. Another has a child consigned collusively to her care, the mother absconds, and the custodian, plead ing uttermost poverty, asks their worships to relieve her of the charge, and send the child ' for the Government to look after.' Another has been instrumental in sending her husband to gaol for assault, and she is in favor of parting with three or four of her progeny to be put under care of the State. Misfortune, poverty, crime, accident, all results common to humanity, are in the present day coined into reasons why parents should forget the instincts of humanity, ahd be lightened of the burthen of caring for their children. The evil is becoming a crying one, and an institution intended for the most benevolent of objects appears to be in many cases a provocative to ill-doing, and incentive to immorality and crime:" On Friday evening (says the Age) information was forwarded to the police of a robbery which had been committed at the Australian Hotel, Bourke- street, under peculiar circumstances. It appears that Mr Martin, tbe landlord, left; home at six o'clock, to see some friends to the railway, and that shortly after he left a boy very well known in the neighborhood entei-ed the bar, and handed a cash-box; containing a number of bills, cheques, and acceptances to the barman, stating at the same time that a man in the street had requested him to leave it there. Mrs Martin, who was in the bar, at once identified the box as belonging to her husband, and as having been safe in a chest of drawers a few hours previous. On proceeding up stairs, Mrs Martin found that the bedroom had been entered and a small drawer opened, out of which; the cash box, a gold watch and chain, and a .silver watch, had- been taken. The . cash box,, as before stated,, contained papers.ofrarge value,; but of no use to any one but the owner, and; had, doubtless, from that reason been returned/ It is. needless to say that on making inquiries ..M the street, nothing could be learnt as . to the whereabouts" of the man who had made a medium; of the boy for the return of the stolen property.; Dr. Youl held an inquest on. Friday,, at -fhei Melbourne Hospital, upon the body of Mary! Lynch, aged thirty-three years. The deceased,; who was a rnarried woman, had been a great; drunkard for two years. On tbe 26th ult., she, went out in the Evening, and, whilst under the! influence of drink, created a disturbance in the! streets. Her husband induced her to return; home, and, whilst crossing the yard, she fell and; cut her head. She afterwards complained of; pain in her head and jaw, and was removed to, hospital, where lockjaw set in, and she died on i the 10th inst. The jury returned a verdict of; death from tetanus from an accidental fall. The Grenville Advocate reports that "a large bush- fire was raging on Thursday evening on the Ross's Creek ranges. This is rather an un usual occurrence at this seasou of-the year, but it seems in perfect keeping with the heat of the day, and the. quantity of .dust that had been fly ing about in all directions. The continued drought materially interferes with mining opera- tions in this. locality, f The Brisbane > Courier.. ; says;:-r-" A,; disease called ' black fever,', which is believed to have been introduced by late ; arrivals, in the, colony, has appeared in the Ipswich Hospital and "car ried off several patients. It's infectious character is proved by the. fact that three of ' the attend ants at the hospital are now laid|up with it." . A gentleman well known in Eohuca, a short time since devoted a spare hour or two one afternoon to angling on the banks of -the -Murray. Having hooked a fine young cod, ;says; the "Herald, and partly drawn it out of the water, he had the mor tification to see his line snap, and the fish was of course lost. Having' a day" or two subsequently be taken himself with rod and line to the same locality, he again succeeded in hooking a fish of similar size, which he drew to laud, and to his surprise on ex amining it, he found the hook with the piece of line attached, which he had previously lost, stick ing in the cod's gills. It would appear from this that the finny denizens of the Murray, like some of the dwellers on its banks, are' nok " sufficiently prudent to take a timely warning. ;; ( , ; A case heard, on Friday, in the county court, and reported by the Age, contains a serious warn ing: to the registered owners of vicious dogs. M rs Kemp and Mr Hurrey are neighbors, and the for mer having gone into Mr Hurrey's yard for the purpose of beating a carpet, a dog bit her- so severely on the arm as to necessitate calling; in medical ad vice. It was proved in evidence that the dog was really the property of the defendant's son, who is of age, and that he knew the dog was dangerous, but there was no evidence that his father did. As however it appeared that the father was registered as owner, his Honor held that Mr Hurrey was estopped from pleading that. he was not/the owner, and a verdict of £19 19V was given for plaintiff, with costs. The Bendigo.-Advertiser .reports that a fatal {ac cident occmred on Friday to a boy named W. J Denlington. It is supposed that while ascending or descending the ladder in the Energetic Com pany's claim, Long Gully, he missed his hold and fell to the bottom. Dr Atkinson was speedily "in attendance, but before he arrived the boy had expired. An inquest will be held on the body to-, day. 