Epitome of news. CAPTURE OF DUNN. A correspondent of the ' Bathurst Times,' dating Duhbo, 2nd inst., gives the fullest account we have yet seen of the capture of Dunn. j-.'LLilo, who had been but a few months in charge of the Cannonbar Station on Pack Creek, together with one if h:s men, named Hawthorne, and Elliott, of the Coonambiu station, came early on the morning of the 21th December, before day light, to the hut of a man named Walton, in the employ of Mr. Perry, on the Mar thagnv. This Walton was suspected of harbouring a most notorious scoundrel, a half caste, that went by the name of George Smith alias Yellow George. Elliott had a warrant for him. About dawn of day tbe three policemen proceeded to the hut, and early and cautious as was the approach, the party " wanted" was astir. Without re turning the civilities of the morning to tbe strangers, Yellow George bolted off in the direction of the bush. Elliott and Haw thorne immediately gave chase straight after him, whilst Mcllale, unconscious of the nobler game he was to light on, doubled quickly round the corner of the hut to in tercept the fugitive. Having got to the back of the house, he saw a young man running at tip-top speed across the paddock, aud he perceived firearms in his hand. He at once said, " There goes Dunn." He jumped the fence, and after him he went, and as M'llale was very active and com plete master of the use of his limbs (of which, poor fellow, he no longer is) he soon overhauled Dunn considerably. M'Hale three different times challenged the pursued to stand, as he believed him to be Dunn, and each time Dunn turned bis head round, showed his revolver, and still kept on with all his might. M'llale then fired a random shot. Dunn turned to fire, but did not, as he was evidently husbanding the few shots he had (having only oue revolver with him). M'Hale again called on him to stand as " John Dunn," and then put forth all his speed of runnuing, and when he came within forty or fifty yards of Dunn he stood, took deliberate aim, fired, and forthwith Dunn fell flat on his face to the earth, dangerously wounded in the loins. The blood soon j covered his person, and he was hors de combat. And now it was that Dunn's ; ferocity, like that of a furious bull at bay, displayed itself. M'Hale had reached within fifteen or twenty yards of Dunn. When the latter saw him so near at hand, and found the officers of justice were about to ! clutch him for the misdeeds of his life, he made a desperate effort, rolled himself round on his back, and by tbe exercise of the energy which the dreadful nature of his case afforded, he managed to get into a sitting posture. He took deadly aim at M'Hale, fired twice: the second bullet wounded birn in the thigh. From that i moment, M'Hale was powerless. The ball hit him above tbe knee, glanced along, and i finally lodged itself in the groin. There they were, the constable and the outlaw, within a few yards of each other, each dan- gerously and desperately wounded by tbe other. All this time M'Hale's mates were firing after Yellow George. When M'Hale found himself unable to apprehend tbe man j be had so gamely crippled and brought to earth, he called out in a loud voice to his mates, some 200 or 300 yards off, " I am shot." They at once desisted from pursuit of tbe half-caste, and by McHiale's directions took position as behind some trees near at hand. Dunn by this time had drawn breath, and seeing that his only hope was to get the police near him and from behind the trees, he made a desperate effort and got on his feet. Of course, wounded as he was he did not go far before the police were beside him, but he certainly partly suc ceeded in bis intention, for as Hawthorn was about to apprehend him, he turned round and fired, driving the bullet through the rim of Hawthorn's hat. Elliott then laid hands upon him, upon which Dunn desperately clutched his revolver (it being now unloaded), and wounded him with it on the head. M'Hale had fainted from loss of blood. During the fracas Mr. Hogg was distant from the spot only about fifteen miles, after young Murphy. We compile the following from the various journals to hand :— Last Saturday's ' Examiner' states that the funds of the Tamworth Hospital con tinue in a satisfactory state, but at the late annua! meeting regret was expressed that the squatters do not exert themselves a little more to obtain contributions from men in their employment.—We had a light shower on Tuesday last, but on the whole the weather during the past fortnight has been very hot. Monday was, we think, the warmest day we have had this season. It was oppressively close, with a high wind, which lasted up to midnight. The ther mometer stood at 97 ° at II p.m., and it Lad not varied above 2 degs. the whole day. In the sun it was 115 °. Y'esterday afternoon we had also a light shower.—The i body of a man, came unknown, has been J found dead, it is supposed from exhaustion, 1 pome 40 or 50 miles from Walgett.—A | Woodsreef correspondent writes:—The! steam crusher has been closed for the fitting j of a new set of stampers and other repairs, aud the water power machine has been inactive in consequence of a scarcity of water. These combined stoppages have seriously retarded our progress on the reefs, and the majority of the shareholders applied for and obtained registrations of their claims in consequence. The TeuterGeld correspondent of tho Grafton 'Examiner' writes:—Tbe balance of the wheat crop which escaped the late severe storm, is almost valueless, beiug grievously affected by the rust.—Christopher O'oertbeur has been fined £2 and 4s. 6d. costs for resisting a bailiff.—The tender of Mr. E Styles has been accepted for tbe erection of the National School, pending approval by the Commissioners. Coliarinbri, on tbe Barwjn, was again stuck up on the 27th ult. by Thunderbolt and his gang. They took over £20 worth in go? ds and cash. A pigeon match came off last week at Stony Creek, near Maitland, for £100 a side, between Mr. N. G. Carter and Mr. J. Thomas. Mr. Thomas killed 7 out of 8, and Mr. Carter only 3 out of 8. Another match for £5 a side, between Mr. James Fuilford and Mr. Thomas, was won by the latter. The4 Mercury' states that Mr. Mar tin backed himself for £10 to kill 10 birds successively. He killed up to the 9th, and disturbed its feathers. Oh the 8th iust. the thermometer at West Maitland marked 10G in the shade. On the 7th it was 138 in the sun. The skeleton of a woman has been dis covered close to Newcastle. It had been buried, apparently naked, four feet in a sand drift, but owing to the sand having blown away it was found about a foot from tbe surface. There is a mark on the skull as if jt had been perforated with a pistol bullet. It is supposed the remains arc those of a Mrs. Bay, who disappeared two or three years ago. . T All the shares in the Hartley Iveiosene Company have been taken up. nJhUCl''r" the d,eatfa of a man named Richard lopping, the following verdict has been "That deceased died in the lockup at Bungendore, early on the morning of luesday, the 2nd of January, 1S66, from , exhaustion, from having been exposed for j several days and nights in the bush, without > proper nourishment, shelter or medical at , tendance, and exposed to the irritation of j insects; and as a rider they are desirous to express their opinion that the conduct of the | police at Bungendore is deserving of the j severest censure, from neglecting the de ceased when repeatedly called upon to take steps for his protection, and request the , , coroner to report their conduct to the In- ' 1 spector-General of Police, Sydney." The attention of the Govermbent has been called ! to the subject. ' A small shark was lately caught in the Hunter at West Maitland. In consequence of recent alterations in the tariff, the publicans of Maitlaud are ! about to raise their prices. The reported death of Dunn under a surgical operation has been contradicted. The slaughter bouse and other buildings I of Mr. Dines at Ivelso, near Singleton, were lately destroyed by a fire, the origin of which is not ascertained. I The Glen Qumn correspondent of the | Mercury writes on 1st inat :-Rain, so j much wanted, lias, thanks to a kind Pro vidence, come at last. On Saturday even i tug it poured down in torrents for three | successive hours, accompanied with thunder , and lightning; and again on Sunday (yes j terday] evening we had some fearful thunder ) and lightning, enough to split the ears of j the groundlings. It rained incessantly from j seven a.m. until half-past eleven. | the 20th ult. two farmers at the Fish j River, near Bathurst, had their houses and ] other property entirely destroyed by a bnsb fire. In one case the pigs were roasted in j their stye, and a Mrs. Burns and her son | were severely bnrned before they could es | cape. j On the morning of the ISth November j the mission brig John Wesley was lost, on | one of the Polynesian Islands. Bein» in a , critical position near a reef, three immense | waves caused by an earthquake threw her i up on dry land. The crew escaped in a boat j to a neighbouring island. A flock of wild ducks, numbering about I -00, lately flew over Sydney, i The war in New Zealand seems to be I nearly over, the militia and volunteers ; being relieved from regular service. A new paper termed the * Riverine Ad vertiser* is being published at Hay. From two numbers we have received, we think it a very creditable publication, the style being similar to that of the 4 Pastoral limes, Messrs. Jones & Co. being pro* prietors of both. Mr. Phelps's woolshed, at Tarcoola, on the Darling, was lately burned down, it is suspected by an incendiary. The 4 Riverine Advertiser* says:—A man in the employ of Mr. Jennings, of War breccan, was accidentally drowned in the Edward on Christmas day. Deceased's hat was blown into the river, and in endea vouring to get it out he fell in. He then struck out after the hat, and in a minute called out for help. A stick with a belt at the end was held out to him, and he reached the belt, but this breaking, or detachin° from the stick, he sank. '1 he body was subsequently recovered by the blacks. Mr. Durvea bas taken a series of four teen views of Adelaide from the top of the Albert lower, and the whole are arranged so as to form a panorama of the city 13 feet long. The National Schoolbouse at the Went wortb gold field was lately blown down by a squall. Fortunately no person was in it at the time. The 4 Bathurst Times' says Mr. Roth well who was lost in the neighbourhood of the Fish River Caves, on Christmas Day, has escaped from the danger which threatened him. After eight days* travel ling through the bush and scrub, be man aged to reach Hartley. While wandering about be was stung by nettles. He then remembered having heard that the tender i leaves of this plant were sometimes used as food, and that they were wholesome and nutritious. He was getting very weak from want of sustenance, and at once de termined to try the nettles. He stewed some and found them quite palatable, and the broth equally agreeable; and to this discovery be certainly owed his life, for upon them alone he subsisted for four days and a half. A telegraph line is projected from th< city of Mexico to San Francisco, the capita of California. 1 he 4 Herald' says It is vain to hopi for retrenchment so long as the public ser vice is a refuge for the destitute, a loung* for the indolent, and a means of providini for persons who have been found incapabh of any other occupation. The number o persons employed in the public service is greatly in excess of what a private esta blishment would require. On the 8th inst. the foundation of a new — —•— "juuuiuuu oi a nei Roman Catholic Church at Waverley wa tbe Vicar General. Upwards c £260 were subscribed at the stone, the Rev I. M'Carthy acting as Treasurer. Telegram from Cooma, in 4 Herald' £ j v"" :~7Tbe Co°raa mail, from Bombal and Nimytibelle, was stuck up yesterday about 19 miles from Cooma, by an arme bushranger, who took both the mail hcrse and all the bags. Telegram from Brisbane, in 4 Herald' c ,1 r,MSt' :~J"1,US K&pp.; Orchestra leaderc the lheatre, shot himself at Eagle Faru erdict Suicide, whilst labouring under lit of temporary insanity. A telegram of news from the Cape ar pears from Adelaide in the 4 Herald'• Bishop Colenso had arrived at Natal pc v erulam, and there was much excitement i consequence. A large party of Cburcbme bad signed an address welcoming him bacl 1 he Bishop made a reply which gave grea offence to those holding opposite viev upijusue view Dissenting ministers even had protest* ( 1 he churchwardens and minister of f Paul s had protested against bis ministry the church, but he preached there to crowded audience. He had proceeded Maritzburg. One hundred aud fifty g( tlemen went out to meet him. In parts of the country near Young c possums in great numbers have lately °be found lying dead over the bush, it believed from the drought. The 4 Herald' says'The total rever —v.um — a mr Luiai reve proper for the quarter ended 31st Decern' 1865, amounted to £622,104 10s against £378,228 11,. 6'd. for the cot ponding quarter of 18G4. The increase the quarter is therefore £244,675 18s. 1 or 60 per cent. An abstract is publishe the 4 Gazette' of the disbursements from consolidated revenue fund of New So Wales during the year ended 31st Decern 1865\. From this statement we fiud i tbe amount expended for services of 1 and previous years was £41,466 6-- o services of 1864. £185.605 8s.~io£ servicesof 1865, £1,511,621 19s 3d To j £1,738,693 lis. 3d. Mr. Alexander Flood advocates, in ' Herald,' that tbe Government should force all quit rents owing to it. ^ The ' South Australian Register' says :— Early in 1S03 the editor of the * Farm and I Garden' supplied to all applicants packets of j Hallett's celebrated pedigree wheat. Mr. | George Ireland, who obtained a packet, sowed it upon his land near Crafers, and has sent us specimens of this year's produce, ! j which may be seen at this office. The straw i | is four feet in length, the ears measure five j and three quarter inches. Each ear con tains on an average eighty grains, and Mr. ! Ireland states that the standing corn aver i ages twenty stems to the root. In 1863 twenty of the grains germinated. The pro duce of these was sown in 1SG4, and a por tion of that year's produce realised 17s. 6d. as seed wheat. The remainder was sown this year, and now covers a quarter of an acre of land. The * Gundagai Herald* says :—In a case in the Gundagai court of requests the other day, a novel security was sworn to having been offered by the defendant to the plaintiff, viz., his wife and two children for the payment of £3. We have read of wives being sold in a public market, but we never before beard of a man's partner of his bosom, and their olive branches, being offered as security for debt. The security was declined. The • Riverine Advertiser' says :—Every description of snakes, but black ones in par ticular, are very common on the Murrum bidgee this season. Want of water has brought them from their usual haunts to the immediate neighbourhood of the river. The black species are sleek, fat, and do mesticated to a troublesome degree. Messrs. Taylor and Broads' party, who are at work about twelve miles from Hay, have killed in and around their tents, within a very short space of time, upwards of a dozen; one, six feet six inches, was coiled under one of the men's pillows, and on putting his hand in to get a fig of tobacco be felt some thing move. Getting a light he discovered that he bad got rather an awkward bedfellow, and despatched him. The black snake is very fond of water, and if there be any rub bish or log whereon to rest his majesty, he will coil himself for hours together—if dis turbed, he will slip under the water, and it is dangerous to drink without the greatest circumspection. Mr. Broad shot a large one while making its way across the river. The shot did not penetrate the skin, but stunned it to such an extent that it drifted on to a sand-bank. When injured, they inflict severe wounds on themselves in the absence of any better subject. The * Empire' sayfe:—The Rev. Mr. Ste phen, of RedJern, has brought under the notice of the authorities the practice of mid night clandestine interments of children, which is being carried on in the Church of England old burial ground. No fewer than five children have been recently buried there, although the ground, except in vaults, has long been closed for purposes of sepulture, 'lhe health officer, Dr. Graham, is takicg steps in the matter, but unless the Coroner can be set in motion to cause the exhuma tion of some of these bodies, and the parties be discovered, it is not likely the practice will be discontinued. The graves are not very deep in which these children are de posited, meie holes being scratched out iu which the bodies are placed, and a little dirt is thrown over them. The • Geelong Advertiser' says :—Break ing out of a gaol has been occasionally heard off. Breaking intoagaql is a novelty. On luesday night, an accomplished scion of the burglar fraternity effected an entrance to the yard of the gaol by a knowledge of the mechanical powers of leverage, as ex emplified in the lift, and afterwards in the gaoler's quarters, by means of the " screw." " Bolts and bars flew asunder," and, with the skill of a dentist, whose tools it is said these operators much resemble, locks were picked, and, like a carou's tooth from the jaw, an iron bar was prized from the blue stone of the building. The very sanctum sanctorum of the prison—that is to say, the gaoler's room—was attempted, to the con fusion of the whole establishment. That the attempt was unsuccessful is one thing. The audacity of the attempt is another, and may be considered as a challenge by crime against authority to suppress it. A correspondent of the « Pastoral Times,' writing from the Lower Darling, under date of the 2nd December, says" A case oc curred at Mount Murchison lately showing the state this part of the country is in for want of police and magisterial protection. One of the shearers robbed his mates of £50; no police could be got to arrest him, and hunting him away was not considered by the men sufficiently severe, so the majority of the men proposed lynching him, and lynch him they did. Fortunately for the man the rope was too stiff to run, so when he was taken down for dead, life was not extinct. After a little nursing, he got sufficiently well to make tracks, and nothing has been heard of either him or the parties most prominent in the affair since." The * Herald* says, in discussing the state of the revenue:—The tax on the import of Chinamen produced £230, which was £20 less than in the previous year. We presume that as there is a specific tax on this article, the ad valorem duty does not apply, and if it did, the receipts would not amount to much, and nobody considers a Chinaman of any great value. Moreover, living animals are iu the free list. The * Mercury* states that on the 8th iust. 20 bush fires were counted from the observatory at East Maitland. A Mrs. Biggs has been found drowned in a well at Araluen. A copper mine, which promises to be very productive, has just been opened on the borders of the Yass River. The ore is exceedingly rich, and is said to be superior to any yet found in the colonies. An eel of 18 lbs. was lately taken from the Hunter at West Maitland. Mr. Burdekin appears to have four opponents for the Williams electorate. A boy named Maker was lately killed at Wallsend by a train going over him. He was foolishly attempting to cross the line ahead of the train. This seems to be the age of complimentary addresses, presentations, and testimonials. The master draymen of Sydney are about to present to the wharfinger of the H. R. N. S. N. Co. a marine glass, bearing his name and a suitable inscription on two plates of silver fixed on its tube. The temperature at Forbes of late has been remarkably variable. On one day the ther mometer indicated 106 in a coal room ; next day, at the same hour, the same instrument -marked only 62, On another occasion, the thermometer at the Telegraph office showed • «-0 degrees in the shade one day; while next day, at the same bour, it was but 62, or 58 degrees less in 24- hours ! The local corres pondent of the * Herald' gives a striking account of the deplorable condition of the Lachlan from drought and bush fires. The packhorse carrying the mail from Peak Downs to Rockhampton lately bolted, and neither the animal nor the mail can be heard of. It has been ascertained that the mail contained at least £3500 value in various forms. An almost perfect skeleton of the dodo, now an extinct bird, has been discovered at the Mauritius, and forwarded to the British Museum. The P. & O. Company professes that every delay in the arrival of their steamers has been unavoidable, and intimates to the Imperial Government thatJt can offer no better guarantee for the future. On the other band, the Government and Press of Victoria are threatening speedily to put an end to this company's monopoly so far as the Australian mail service is concerned; and the Press has pointed out that between the Sound and Galle, in Ceylon, the A. S. N. Co.'s steamers would perform the service much better than the P. & Co.'s vessels, many of the delays in reference to the arrival of which it contends are owing to gross care lessness on the part of the officers of the com pany. Queensland is taking prompt steps to render itself independent of a company so ineffective, and the Government has arranged for a regular postal service, via Torres Straits, between Brisbane and Batavia. The steamers employed will call at Port Denison, Somer set, and Copang. A satisfactory line is in existence from Batavia westward, and if this spirited enterprise of Queensland is successful it will be of great value to Australia. The first steamer on the route stated was to leave Brisbane on the 6th inst. The ' Albury Banner' "says :—On^ New Year's night the lightning was very strong and grand. It ran along the telegraph wires and made a great sqgash in the Albury office, causing no little alarm. Another flash struck and split the gate post at the Rev. Mr. Brown rigg's, killed a cow belonging to Mrs. Ed wards, and did other damage. A Murray cod of 4 lbs. was lately caught in the Yarra Yarra. It is to be hoped it was returned. A telegram from Adelaide in the ' Herald' states that a ship lately arrived at Port Au gusta from Kurrachee, bringing 120 camels and thirty asses for Mr. Thomas Elder, who intends introducing them on his northern runs. The exertions of the police in reference to the late robbery at Foxlowe, in the Braid wood district, are being successful. The ' Dispatch' states that one Benjamin Jermyn, a resident at the noted Jingera, is in custody as one of the robbers, and has been remanded, bail being refused. Others will probably soon be apprehended. It appears that Con stable Watson tracked horses* feet from the store, along the road to Jermyn's place, and at a little distance away found behind some granite boulders, in a cave having its mouth blocked up with stones, a corn sack half-full of tea, and in a hollow tree at the same place another corn sack, containing a quilt and a bag of sugar. The tea and sugar were claimed by Mr. Vallance, of Foxlowe, the latter being branded HV. Watson saw accused coming towards him on horseback, and arrested him, when he said be knew nothing about it. The constable then took Jermyn to his residence, and in his bed room found a lot of drapery, consisting of brown holland, French merino, broadcloth, tweed, &c.; There was a terrible thunderstorm at Strath more station, inland from Port Deni son, on the 7th December last. The light ning was more severe than bad been seen on the station since it was settled, and 111 sheep were killed by it. The ' lllawarra Express' says, of the American kerosene works for that district:— Within the last few days a large quantity of oil has been thoroughly purified at these works, and with most gratifying results. Whatever trifling defects as to colour, &c;, which were observed in the. first distillation have, we understand, been avoided, and henceforth American Creek kerosene is likely to become a brand of the first class. A man named Connor lately left a station in tbe Wagga Wagga district, to look for his bullocks. His mare has since been found in a very exhausted state. But little doubt is entertained that Connor has perished from want of water. He was tracked to a shep herd's hut where there was no water. Native dogs have been numerous on the Lachlan recently, being obliged to come to the river owing to the drought. Five of them were lately found attacking an old man kan garoo, which they had brought to bay in an exhausted state. A horseman dispersed the dogs and killed the kangaroo. An example worthy of imitation in Aus tralia has occurred at the Cape. The Hon. Mr. Porter, on retiring from the Attorney Generalship, has assigned £500 a year during his life from his pension, towards the ad vancement of education in the colony. The following account of the discovery of Mr. Julius Kopp's body at Brisbane is given in tbe ' Courier':—A man named Silvester Schwank, a gardener in the employ of Mr. James Sutherland, at Hillside Farm, received information that a bat and stick were lying on tbe bank of a waterhole, in a gully on the farm. Schwank, assisted bya fellow-labourer named Yoigbt, fished with a crooked stick, the hole being sixteen feet deep, and after some trouble brought up the body of a man, which was subsequently identified as being' that of Mr. Kopp. On examination it was found that the face was blown into pieces, the sides of the mouth torn down, and a ball' mark on the back of the head. The right hand was raised up towards tbe face. The ' Rockbampton Bulletin' points out that whereas four-fifths of the articles im ported there hitherto have come from Sydney, the five per cent, ad valorem duty levied at Sydney will induce the Rockhampton im porters to look elsewhere for their supplies, to avoid being " called upon to bear a large sbare of the burdens falling upon New South Wales through misgovernment and extrava gance." Some time ago a Chinese named Ah Fow was barbarously murdered, near Araluen. A few days ago Detective M'Glone apprehended five Chinamen on a charge of being concerned in tbe murder. Telegram in 'Herald' of 11th inst.:— Brisbane, 10th Jan. Dr. Murray, surgeon to the Leiehhardt Search Expedition, recently despatched from Melbourne, has arrived at Wallumbillah. He reports that the entire party narrowly escaped perigbing from thirst at Cooper's Creek, and that the expedition has broken up. M'Intyre, their leader, re mains at Cooper's Creek with two others and an Indian, who bad charge of the camels, twelve of which, and all the horses, have died. Two others of the party arrived at Dalby to-day. Dr. Murray will be here during next week. The * Herald's* Maitland correspondent writes, dating JOth inst.:—Rain is being fervently prayed for, and, unless it should be soon granted, tbe whole side of the country will be in a very bad state. From Bega, N. of Twofold Bay, the ' He rald's' correspondent writes, dating 7th inst. : —Weather extremely hot and oppressive; no rain ; the thermometer yesterday, in the shade, stood at J 0.9 degrees. Harvest all in ; yield, unexpectedly, very satisfactory. Bush-fires ranging ; no feed ; cattle dying in numbers. The ' Ararat Advertiser,' of Victoria, says: —On Wednesday last we were shown bv •ij R°We 3 samPIe of tLe most prolific yield of wheat that we ever remember to have known as tbe produce of any district from a crop, of which the sbeaf shown to us was not much beyond a fair average, Mr. Rowe took the produce of ten grains; from each of the ten grains there bad sprung twenty-five stocks, and the ear of each stock contained an average of forty grains thus giving ten thousand grains, or a thou sand-fold produce. The ' West Bourke Guardian,' a Victorian journa], thus describes'a variety of wheat grown by the Messrs. Scarborough at Mount Cotter ellThe straw is five feet high, and the head, or rather heads, of good size. There are seven heads, properly speaking, a large centre four-sided one, presenting the ordinary appearance of common wheat" and six of a smaller size, two-sided, and bearded like barley. The smaller ears grow from the main stalk, at the bottom of the large ear, surrounding it regularly at an angle of forty-five degrees from tip to base. It forms an exceedingly pretty object, and an inspec tion would well repay a visit to tbe farm * especially when it is known that an acre of it will yield seventy bushels. The seed was forwarded from Egypt to a lady in Mel bourne, with an intimation that it was wonderfully prolific, and not subject to rust or blighting influences. Mr. Henry Scar borough was presented with a portion of the seed, which has grown luxuriantly, not withstanding the continued drought. In parts of Egypt there is little or no rain, and yet the wheat crops are heavy; so that this particular sample would be invaluable to us it subjected to periodical droughts. Tbe an cient historians inform us that instances were known in Egypt where the seed gave a two-thousand-fold return, although it is likely such instances were " few and far be tween." Half the yield in Victoria would be ample protection" against American im portations." The Spanish fleet off Valparaiso has cap tured a large number of vessels attempting to run out through the blockade. Prompt measures are being taken by vessels of war belonging to tbe United States and England to ensure justice to vessels sailing under tbe flags of their countries. The Chilian Go vernment has directed all vessels in Caldero and Coquimbo to be dismantled, and beached or scuttled m port, to prevent their capture. 1 be same practice has been begun* at Val paraiso, where the excitement is so great that Government officials have authorised one third of tbeir salaries to go towards war ex penses, and wealthy gentlemen have placed al their property under the Government w.th the same object, a number of prizes baring been taken by the Spaniards that were saihng under foreign flags, demands will be made for restitution, and the repre sentative present of the Italian Government has set the initiative. The United States fleet of observation will be heavy, and France and England will be adequately represented, ibe Spanish Admiral has already shown great courtesy in permitting a British vessel to leave Valparaiso for Coquimbo with cargo and passengers. At tbe demand of tbe cap tain of a United States steamer of war, also, the Spaniard liberated a number of seamen from prizes. Since the blockade, imported goods have gone up 25 per cent., and their value is still increasing. The 'Herald' of Ilth inst. saysA special meeting of the members of tbe Aus tralian Mutual Provident Society was held yesterday Mr. S. A. Joseph, M.L.A., in the c air. After considerable discussion, the following resolution was moved by the Hon t £amW Es seconded by Mr. Rolleston, and agreed to: "That the repeal of the existing by-laws, and the adoption of the new by-laws approved at a special meeting of the members held on the 18th December, 1865, be confirmed, and said new by-laws finally passed." Sir Al fred Stephen then moved, " That the bv laws are not intended to, and shall not prejudice any contract already entered into between the society and any member thereof." Mr. Holt seconded the amendment, which was, after discussion, negatived. A correspondent of the 'Mudgee Liberal' VT :~We b3ve been "sited with a series of thunderstorms for several successive days which terminated on the 11th with, not a haU, but a chopped ice-storm, totally destroy ing all before u or that came within reach "of its influence. The wheat crops have been severely cut up in many places. On the farm of the widow Turvey tbe loss is esti mated at over 300 bushels; about thirty have been gathered. At Louee about one third is destroyed. The wheat paddocks be ing about two miles distant, the garden on Won mnmi?Sed tbe fur* of th® storm. W alker, Ritchie, and other farmers in tbe neighbourhood, sustained damage more or less to the extent of three bushels an acre, and so on to Rock Valley, where tbe violence of the storm was again severely felt, destroy ing wheat here to the exert of 300 bushels. Grape- vines, to a large extent, have likewise perished, besides nearly all the peaches in the district. Several intervening farms es caped tbe storm altogether. Indeed, at Gul gowra, the farm of Mr. P. Maloney, not more than two miles in a direct line from aH day reapers never stopped work The ' Ensign' says We learn that some of the settlers who have borrowed seed from the MaiUand Flood Relief Committee, in ihbo, have recently made repayments in pro f"®' accordance with the agreement entered into by them when they obtained the accommodation. It is gratifying to find people whose difficulties during® the past eighteen months or two years have been of no ordinary character thus fulfilling tbeir en gagements as soon as Providence has put it n their power to do so. We regret, however 'n. ®ar tbat _not a few of tbe borrowers will not be able, from sheer adverse circumstances, to repay the loan, either in produce or in money ; but in such instances tbe committee will no doubt exercise indulgence. The ' Mount Alexander Mail' says We have seldom beard of a more heartless rob bery than one perpetrated at Barker's Creek on Monday evening. The death of Mr. Owen Owens, of the Union Hotel and stores, is probably known to many of our readers. It appears that Mrs. Owen and her family retired to rest after tbe fatigue and excitement of the preparation for the funeral of the late Mr. Owen, which took place yesterday, and during the night some thieves broke into the store and carried off seven ounces of gold and £o5 in cash, besides a quantity of stores. It would seem that the scoundrels had made themselves acquainted with tbe fact that Mrs Owens had secreted the gold and money in the store. The former was put into a part of a chest of tea, and the latter hidden m another place. At such a time the loss must be doubly felt by Mrs. Owens, who is a woman much respected for her industry, bbe has unhappily been deprived not only of ber husband, but of a sensible part of tbe ofTix'children.*'"'"''1'1 " U-SlKiimore' in Victoria, recently, the skeleton of a man was discovered. The SS? T uel,eVed 10 be »be«mains of a 2, s,e narr,e 18 not mentioned, missed some four years a<*o. Near the geffieV8 S°VereignS were f0UDd P^ced to Near Cres wick, in Victoria, lately, the house of a farmer named Delabunty took e> from an unknown cause. His wife in saving her two children, and afterwards endeavouring to extinguish the flames, lost her life, as she died in a few hours, after great suffering. w!£fnare S°"y t0 -learn tbat Mp- Edward " ilson^ part proprietor of tbe Me!bourne ?nTnVXnbdMbeCn r€5l°red ^ a" "P™"" The 1 Bendigo Independent' says :—We were, on Tuesday, shown tbe envelope of a letter just received by a lady now residing in Sandhurst, but formerly in Brunswick-street, Melbourne, which has been travelling in search of her since 25th February.last, when it was despatched from Auckland." It is literally covered over with post-marks and indorsations by letter carriers and persons who had opened it, and, as usual, many of the post-marks and indorsations are illegible. Where it may have been in tbe interim cannot be ascertained, but it seems to have got back to Auckland on tbe 1st day of April, a most appropriate day from its past and future peregrinations. It next seems to have gone to England, as it is impressed with the stamp " Missent to Eng land," but without any date. The address, "ritzroy, Melbourne, Victoria," being dis tinctly written, the letter was returned from England to Melbourne, and bears tbe Mel bourne Post-office mark of 19th September, and the Iitzroy Post-office mark of 21st Sep tember. It then seems to have given the letter-carriers some trouble, one lady of the same name having twice writien on that it bad been opened by, her, but was not for her, probably once before going to England, and once on us return, and another lady also of the same name, but residing at a different number, has endorsed it " Reopened by her but not for her," clearly showing that she too must have had it left with her more than once. TV hether it found rest or was wander ing about since September cannot from tbe letter be ascertained, but across the address are the words • Try , Bendigo,' with the Melbourne post- office mark of 25th Decem ber, and lately it reached the person for whom intended, clearly evincing that if post office officials commit mistakes, they are most indefatigable in their efforts to find the proper owners for stray letters. The Forbes correspondent of tbe ' Wagga Wagga Express' states that tbe Pinnacle station, at one time notorious as tbe resort of Gardiner and his gang, and where several encounters took place between the bush rangers versus the police and others—the home, too, of Dan Charters, the escort robber, and afterwards approver—was abandoned three weeks since through tbe drying up of the waterholes, and the horses and cattle driven to a small lagoon twelve miles distant, where the people of the station are now en camped in hastily- constructed gunyahs. The horses are dying every day, and, out of the entire stock, there is scarcely one sufficiently strong to carry a stockman. All the sheep of Messrs. Brown and Walker have been driven away from the Mowitrie run, half way between Forbes and Lambing Flat, from tbe poverty of feed and water; and water bas to be taken in casks from one of West Brothers' stations to another. In the course of a ride in that direction, a few days since your correspondent met Messrs. West's super intendent walking from the station where he resides to the head station, some twelve miles away, for a horse, not one of the many on the run being fit for work; and, on the same day, at a neighbouring station, tbe hands bad to drag a hogshead of water in a cart from a lagoon eight miles, the miserable horse that was harnessed to it having knocked up after making an ineffectual attempt to stir. At some of the stations down tbe river, the set tlers are killing their foals and the more in ferior of their horses, which are consigned to the boiling down department, although tbe amount of fat obtained scarcely pays for the labour expended. . The ' Maitland Mercury' says :—Tobacco is probably cultivated to a larger extent on the Paterson River than in any other part of this district, or in the colony, and during a recent visit to tbe Paterson we had an oppor tunity of visiting Mr. M'Cormick's tobacco factory, at Clevedon, on the Allyn. Tbe buildings contain all the necessary room and appliances for the manufacture of tbe com modity on a large scale. It is now being made at the rate of nearly a ton per week. Ibe work gives employment to a good num ber of hands, and arrangements are soon to be made for extending tbe operations of the factory A sample of the tobacco which we received was given by us to several tobacco smokers for opinion, without comment as to where it came from, and the opinion of them all was very high in its favour. It is made up in capital style, tbe colour and pressing most closely resembling negrobead. The Grafton « Examiner' says :—We have learnt with mucjb gratification that a new trade and industry is about to be inaugurated in this district; under most favourable auspices. Through the indefatigable exer tions of Mr. C. ;G. Tindal. of Ramornie, it appears that a company has been formed in England, Having .a large capital, for the pur pose of preserving meat for exportation. It is the intention of the company, we under stand, to go verjj largely into this business, and with that object tbey have secured the right to the new Ipatent meat preserving pro cess. Tbe business of the company in this colony will be carried on at the Urara boil ing establishment, on tbe Clarence River, and Mr. Joseph Page, of Ramornie, has been ap pointed tbe Colonial Manager. Mr. G. F. Brewster writes to the Mel bourne « Argus' .-—Permit me to call tbe at tention of cattle owners to the tree mallow, as an abundant; nutritious, and wholesome food for stock. This plant grows twelve feet high, with a most luxuriant foliage, and bas these two great advantages—that it flourishes best in the driest places, in fact it is im patient of moisture; and stock will forsake all other food for it. The number of tons per acre that may be grown of it must be some thing enormous; and for facility of cultiva tion, I can only: say that it wi]j w oq loose sand drift iand yet even the very stems be succulent and, full of moisture on the hot test day. I am now collecting seeds from a few plants I have, and will willingly furnish it and further particulars to any one address ing me on the subject. Once established on barren ranges it; would maintain itself from its own seeds apd grow where nothing else will. It is, moreover, very ornamental when in flower. , Tbe power of i the Press would , seem to be almost omnipotent in Victoria. Last week two boys were charged, at a police court near Melbourne, with damaging a fence. Tbe presiding magistrate, not being able |o dis cover tbe right! of tha Bench to inflict a heavier punishment, sentenced the boys to be " reported in the local newspaper !'* The * Riverine Advertiser' says:—Mr Simpson, blacksmith, will launch in a few days a very useful pleasure craft. She is 20 feet by 4 feet, jwith flat bottom, and will be propelled by nianual power. The crank, by a -connecting pod, gives motion to the stern wheel, and her rudder will be worked bv pedals. She will draw but two or three inches of water, and two men will be enabled to run the slream^56 Semi miles aQ hour against „The.u ELmpiJe* Pushes the following, under tbe beading " Mr. Cowper's team" :— The following is a list of Mr. Cowper's col eagues since be first took office in August, !vrl7A MS Cowper, Robert Campbell, Terence A. Murray, James Martin, Alfred wJikJ' Blchard Elias C. S ' Robertson, Edward Flood, ti p a " Bay,ey- William B. Dalley, M' ArLJ3arfrave'Jofan Dickson, William M. Arnold Thomas Ware Smart, John Bav ley Darvall Charles Cowper, junior, J. a. ?an Samuel, John Hubert Plunkett, and Marshall Burdekin. 