SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1866. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. IM'Cuiloou: stated, in reply to Mr. Pearson, that it waa the intention of the Go- vernment to place a sum on the Additional Estimates for the erection of new schools throughout the interior and the payment of teachers, during the present year. Mr. Macgregor moved that tho House, on Tuesday, resolve itself into committee of the whole to consider the propriety of voting £1,000 to the widow and family of the late ThomaB Cuhitt Balmain, formerly chief clerk in the Public WorkB department, as com- pensation for the deprivation of his office. Mr. Francis said tho Government would not oppose the motion for the committee ; but in committee would propose to reduce the amount to the sum which Mr. Balmain would have been entitled to claim had the Civil Service Act since passed been at the time in operation. After a few words from Mr. Levey, Mr. Snodgrass, and Mr. Orr, the motion was agreed to. The Transfer of Bool Estate Bill was fur- ther considered in committee. Mr. M'Mahon, having been absent on the previous evening when that bill was under consideration, desired now to ask the At- torney General to postpone the measure until the report of the select committee on the subject was brought up, unless, indeed, he proposed further to amend the act next session. Mr. Higinbotham said ho could not regard that bill, or, indeed, any other, as a final measure. They were shaping a now system of business, and doubtless they would be taught by experience what changes were re- quired to perfect it, The department had been in a very bad condition ; it wa^ of late greatly improved, and one of the objects of the bill was to insure that that improvement should be maintained. Mr. Ireland, with much reluctance, arising from personal reasons, felt compelled to de- clare that, bo far from the department having improved, it was in a worse condition than ever it had been before. The Attorney General was not aware of it, because officers of the department had grown tired of sending in complainte, which were never forwarded to the Attorney-General. It was he (Mr. Ireland) who appointed Mr. Carter commissioner of titles, and Mr. Chambers one of the solicitors. The latter gentleman had been induced to surrender an excellent ap- pointment as solicitor to the Victoria Bank, together with his private practice, to take the important situation offered him, but he was now by that bill being reduced to tho posi- tion of amero clerk, under the designation of " examiner of titles." Ho (Mr. Ireland) had a relative in the department, and had there- fore felt a delicacy in moving in the matter, but now that that bill wbb before them he felt compelled to inform the Attorney-General who, he knew, wbb desirous of acting justly by all, that the practices of the Commissioner of Titles were of such a character that nogen tleman would be able to remain in the depart- ment. Minutes of the Attorney-General were suppressed, and every means resorted to to keep the subordinates in ignorance of what waB going forward. He chiefly deBlred to speak, however, on behalf of the gentleman to whom he alluded, and whose resignation of his office, addressed to the Attorney-General, ho (Mr. Ireland) had in his pocket ; inasmuch as this gentleman, with a Balary of £1,200 aud a high position, was in that bill to bo de- graded to a clerk's office. Mr. Higinbotham wag surprised and pained at the remarks of the hon. member. He did not blame the hon. member for making those charges if he believed they were correct, but it was certainly now his duty to substantiate them. The allegations were of the most serious kind-that minutos from him to the department had been suppressed by the Com- missioner of Titles. The hon. member ought to establish such charges before tho select committee now sitting. (" Hear, hear," from Mr. Ireland.) He (Mr. Higinbotham) had himself tho utmost confidence in Mr. Carter, who, he believed, had acquitted himself well under circumstances of great diffi- culty ; still, as the hon. and learned member had made these charges, and taken the responsibility of their substantiation, he deemed it his duty to po3tpone the bill. He therefore moved that the Chairman report progress, and ask leave to sit again on Tuesday. Mr. Ireland accepted the challenge, and would prove the truth of what he had asserted. Mr. Bindon suggested that, if an inquiry were considered necessary, the Government should appoint a commission to investigate the matter. Mr. Byrne considered that the head of a department ought to have control over his subordinates, and ho was a witness that the Commissioner of Titles had been treated with gross indignity by his subordinates, and had borne it with patience. He thought the bill might be proceeded with, although the investigation sought by the hon. and learned member were accorded. The publio should not suffer through the private squabbles of gentlemen in the department. Mr. Ireland alluded to the fact of tho last speaker having had a title to land passed in preference to others the day after he became chairman of the committee appointed to inquire into the working of the department. He objected to any irresponsible individual having the power thus to give preferences. Mr. Byrne might have obtained the title the day after the appointment of the com- mittee, but, if so, ho ought to have had it long before. Mr. Macgregor was in favour of tho post- ponement of the measure, as the value of the operations of the committee now sitting would be greatly lessened if the law was not to be affected by their conclusions. After some further discussion, Mr. Hiqinbotham said he would postpone the bill nntil Tuesday, and in the meantime he and his colleagues would consider whether they should proceed with it this session or not. Whatever might be done before the select committee, the Government would consider it their duty to make an impartial investi- gation into the matter advanced by the mem- ber for Kilmore, and, whatever might be the result, Bubordination should be maintained within the department. The Chairman then reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again on Tuesday. Mr. Bib-aCBOiHASf moved the second read- ing of the Public Health Lws Amendment Bill, and reforred to the report of the com- mittee on the subject of night-soil, which re- commended that power should be given to the various local authorities to compel the adoption of the earth closet. If the House wcreprepared to favour that recommendation, it would be neceBBary to make a Blight altera- tion in the bill. The bill was read a second time, and the House resolved itself into committee upon it. The various clauses to clause 39 were con sideied, and progress reported. Mr. FRAZER moved, in committee of the whole House, that £2,300 be placed on the Estimates in satisfaction of the claims of the late Dr. Macadam. The motion was agreed to. The resolutions of Committeo on Charitable Institutions were reported to the House and adopted. The Insolvency Statute Amondment Bill was further considered in committee, and the report made an order of the day for Tuesday. The House then adjourned. The colonial dependencies of a great empire resemble children in more respects than one. If the discipline to which they are subjected is too rigorous, and the restraints imposed upon them are harsh, insubordination, aversion, and estrangement are likely to be the result. On the other hand, a course of sys- tematic indulgence is apt to engender waywardness of .temper, intractability of manner, rudeness of speech, and an un- willingness to submit to any authority whatsoever. If Great Britain erred on the side of austerity in her treatment of her American colonies during the last century, she has certainly reversed her policy in dealing with her colonial off- spring at the present day ; nor does it lie in the mouths of those who have been the objects of her indulgence and the petted children of her family, to reproach her with her kindness, and to complain of her lenity. But it is im- possible not to be struck by the cap tiousness and the indocility, the swagger- ing tone and contumelious language, exhibited towards the mother country, in this colony at least, by some of those who owe her nothing but gratitude, and have received from her nothing but benefits, as often as her determination to uphold the law-the law devised by ourselves, passed at our instigation appears to conflict with the will or the passions of a section of our fellow colonists. It would seem as if, in the absence of any real and substantial grievance, the would-be malcontents were bent on finding imaginary ones. Like the old woman in one of Mr. Dickens' works of fiction, they are surrounded with comforts and pampered by kindness, but they will insist on whining and whimpering, and on enjoy- ing the luxury of being miserable with- out a cause. "I'm a poor lone lorn " cieetur," exclaims Mrs. Gummidge ; " everything goes contrary with me, " and I go contrary with everybody," And the Gummidges are quite an in- fluential party in Victoria. They pro- claim their fanciful woes from furniture vans, inscribe them on addresses to Sir Chaules Dabling, and expatiate upon them in very questionable English in stilted leading articles. They take a ferocious pleasure in declaring that they are " serfs," and that they belong to the "down-trodden classes of society." They earn liberal wages, they are independent, they possess unbounded political privileges, they can enter Par- liament, they may rise to the highest offices in the Btate ; but they are " serfs." They feel an angry pride in avowing it ; and the man who should presume to contradict the assertion would probably be knocked down for his temerity, and reviled as an enemy of " the people." They are on a par (let us hope) with the operatives in the United States in point of mental intelli- gence and material prosperity ; they cannot point, as Mr. O'shanassy told his hearers on Thursday evening, to a single civil or religious disability under which they suffer ; they make the legislators who make the laws ; and they have got a " People's Ministry," as we are reminded by a lithographie cari- cature in the printsellers' windows ; but they are "the down-trodden classes." In the language of their great feminine prototype, "Everything goes contrary " with them ; and they go contrary " with everybody," which, we suppose, in the logic of the " down- trodden," proves that they are "serfs." Q.E.D. We should be sorry to conclude, from hence, that the great mass of the people of this colony are unable to appreciate and unworthy to en- joy, the unlimited powers of self-govern- ment conferred upon them by the Im- perial Legislature. But we cannot help feeling that the misuse we make of those powers must inspire the friends of constitutional government and the ad- vocates of liberal principles, in all parts of the world, with anxiety and regret. So that the pernicious consequences of our frowardness and folly are not con- fined to ourselves. We have been en- gaged, for some years past, in reducing to practice some of the theories of the most advanced liberals in Europe. With two exceptions, we have established all the points of the Charter. And when the students of political science and the pioneers of political progress in Eng- land inquire, "How have your ox " periments answered ?" what reply can wo make? Can we conscientiously affirm that they have been satisfactory ? Does our electoral system render the Legisla- tive Assembly a fair reflex of the in- telligence, the moral worth, and the material interests of the colony 1 Does it succeed in bringing the ablest, the most high-rninded, and the most upright men to the front iu public life? Does it guard us against class legislation ? Does it discourage the pretensions of men who aro ignorant and corrupt 1 Does it not tend to banish from the political arena the very men who are most- con spicuous for ability, for fidelity to prin- ciple, and for disinterested devotion to their country ? Are the minority ade- quately represented in the Legislature 1 Is there freedom of speech at public meetings, if the speakers venture to run counter to the prevalent delusions of the hour 1 Is there even personal security for those who happen to differ in- opinion with the majority, and who have not the moral cowardice to forego or to conceal their convictions 1 These are questions which cannot be answered satisfactorily to the liberals of Europe ; but they will learn with some degree of gratification that the very classes iu Victoria which suffer from the operation of a vicious represen- tative system, which are denied the right of free speech, which protest against class legislation, and which uphold the principles of free trade and of constitutional government, are also the most loyal and the most law-abiding portion of the population. Though oppressed, they are never heard to declare that they are "serfs," and though denied some of their political and civil rights by a despotic majority, they have too much self-respect to as- sume the title of "the down-trodden " classes." These attributes aro exclu- sively arrogated to themselves by the dominant multitude which blusters im- potent threats against Downing-street, and politely denominates the Secretary of State for the Colonies " a pup." In some respects America and Aus- tralia are performing services to the rest of the world very opposite in kind from those which liberal onlookers expected them to render. They have become checks upon hasty legislation with a vengeance. They have become terrible drags upon the progress of democracy in older countries, every lamentable result in America and Australia being quoted as evidence of the failure of liberal political institutions, whereas all that has really been illustrated is the vast mistake of supposing that systems which do not secure the representation of the whole people, but simply pass political power from the wealthier to the poorer class in the community, establish a true and pure democratic government, A true and pure democracy-the government of the whole people by the representatives of the whole people-has not been the subject of experiment in either of the young communities we have referred to. It will be a mistake to blame the demo- cratic system because America and Australia have gone astray under the bastard forms of democratic government which they have established; but it is a mistake certain to be committed, and our failure in the attempt to make our policy at once free and pure is being-and long will continue to be-quoted as an argu- ment against the compatibility of free- dom and purity in political institu- tions. As to these matters, America and Australia may be said to row in one boat. As to some other matters with respect to which a large section in this colony are desirous of following the American example, it is possible that the great lengths America is now going may be useful, as they are certain to lead to an exposure of the rottenness of her system. The American adhesion to the principle of protection is constantly cited by Aus- tralian protectionists, who say that free trade may be all very well for an old and established community like that of Eng- land, but that it is quite inapplicable to the circumstances ot a new country, as America has shown. To those who really understand the scientific basis of the free-trade theory, this doctrine appears as absurd as it would be to maintain that geometrical demonstrations vary in their value with the climate into which the books of Euclid are carried. The three angles of an equilateral tri- angle may be equal within the temperate zone, but that does not prove that they would be equal at the equator. The square of the base plus the square of the perpendicular may be equal to the square of the hypotenuse in a humid climate like that of England, but is that any reason for asserting that the same would remain the case in so dry a country as Australia 1 To those who do not really understand the subject discussed, or the nature of the proof relied on, no doubt it must seem presumptuous to speak so positively about angles and sides that have not been measured afresh, to see how far they may have contracted or expanded under new conditions of heat and moisture. In America, however, some fresh measurements are now being made. The Weekly Scotsman, in a some- what elaborate review of the fiscal changes being brought about at present in the United States, thus sums up what is being done there, where, as here, protection is a popular fallacy of the numerical majority : " At whoBe coBt and to whose profit does tho state artificially equalise employments naturally unequal? At the cost of the per- sons engaged in the naturally unremunera tive employments-who are simply losers to the whole extent of the transaction. To the profit of nobody-for, though the persons engaged in the naturally unremuneratlve employment receive moro than they are entitled to, i. «,, more than the true price of their goods, they receive after all no higher rate of proBt than they would have got in any ' unprotected ' industry. Yet it is for the maintenance of this palpable delusion and general loss that the people of the United States are increasingly taxing themselves, even at a time when the official head of their finance has informed them that, In order to meet their engagements, they must for thirty years to come pay to the state nearly ton times the annual amount they havo paid in the easy days that are gone." The closing words of the above ex- tract indicate that a protectionist tariff in America can henceforward be no in- significant affair operating in favour of protection, but so small in amount as not to be seriously felt by consumers in detail. Some further information as to what American financiers are doing , under a representative system which, in . a great measure like our own, leaves the most intelligent classes powerless in the state, is not devoid of interest in Vic- toria at present : ; " The American Treasury is desperately in 'need of money, and the American financiera have been EeekiDg to meet the case mainly by the construction of a Customs tariff, dig tinguished by these three features- excessive size, intricacy, and cumbersomenoas, as if oiming at the maximum of impediment with tho minimum of productiveness, the selec- tion of articles of necessity rather than of luxury, and the handing over of tho pro- duce probably as much to a favoured class ob to the national Treasury.". The number of items in the British tariff Is* now about forty-in the American tariff nearly 4,000 ! When Sir Robert Peel carne to deal with our financial difficulties in 1811, he soon felt, if he did not at once see, that he and his party had been mistaken in their commercial policy, and that, in order to get more revenue, it was advisable, if not neces- sary, to have fewer taxes. Accordingly, in 1842, Sir Bobert Peel began to sweep' off Customs duties by the hundred ; and before that operation was completed, the revenue was restored to health and vigour. The American statesmen took an opposite course -they seemed to have at once assumed that not only the best, but the only, way of in- creasing the revenue was to multiply the number as well as augment the weight of the taxes, and especially the import duties. Hence it is that the tariff of the United States cannot now be given in less spice than a volume. And still confining the view to merely finan- cial results, what is the money produce of this universal, merciless, and complicated tariff of the United States-so burdensome to the taxpayer, so obstructive to trade-as compared with the produce of the meagre light, and simple tariff of Great Britain? Ir_ Great Britain, twenty-three millions Bterling are raised by the Bimplest possible duties on forty articles. In the States, the most Ban guine calculation of the Secretary of the Treasury is that he may raise twonty millions by complicated duties on a hundred times forty articles. " Why do the Americans Bubmlt to such a system? The apparently paradoxical answer is, because the system is even worse than it has been described, because it Is not merely a bad mode of raising revenue, but because in great part its taxes do not produce revenue at ull. A largo share of the money paid by the community under compulsion, or in con- sequence of the tariff, goes not to the re venue, but to a certain class of producers. This is what the Americans moat mis- takenly call 'encouraging native Industry;' but it is in plain fact discouraging native industry, to the attempted encouragement of what is neither native nor natural. Of the few duties now remaining in the British tariff there . is not one that is protec- tive either in design or effect. The heaviest of our duties, besides being levied upon what may be called luxuries of a questionable nature, are .only equivalents to the excise duties levied upon the similar articles manu- factured at home; and in some important cases the import duty is not equivalent to the internal duty, as in the case of foreign wine, measured by alcoholic strength, compared with home- made spirits. In the American tariff, on the contrary, the heaviest duties are levied on articles which are not only articles of necessity, but which are produced within the country free of taxation. The imported article is, of course, made dearer than it would otheiwiBe have been just by, or rather by more than the amount of duty ; but the home- made article, though it pays no duty to the Government, is, so to speak, enabled to make itself dearer in the same proportion. Every shirt, coat, petticoat, hat, shoe-everything put on the back, the head, or the foot, by every person living in the United States, is made one-half dearer by the tariff; yet a large proportion of all that is worn, not being imported, pays nothing at all to the Btate." The American people will now have an opportunity of discovering what the effect of a real thoroughgoing protec- tionist tariff is, and a change in the opinions of that large number of people whom nothing but individual experience can teach, may shortly be looked for. Are we, too, bound to pay heavily in this colony for the lessons of bitter per- sonal experience, or shall we have the sense to be taught by abstract reasoning, by British experience in the past, and American experience now being acquired, what protection really means and leads to? The branch mail steamer arrived at Glenelg at half-past nine last night, with the March mails by the Ellora, and intimation of her arrival reached this office at half-past one. At three o'clock the first portion of our message arrived ; and elsewhere in this issue will be found such portion of the news as time admits of our giving in the present edition. A second issue will appear immediately with the remainder of the message. The passage of the Transfer of Beal Estate Bill thiough committee of the Legislative Assembly last night was abruptly stopped by Mr. Ireland bringing certain charges against the Commissioner of Titles, Mr. Oartor, which he was challenged by the Attorney-General to substantiate prior to the bill being pro- ceeded with. Mr. Ireland declared that Mr. Carter had suppressed some minutes ema- nating from the Attorney-General, and in- tended to reach the officers of the department; and that he had taken advantage of his posi- tion to unduly favour certain persons who sought to obtain titles for property under the new system. The bill was postponed until Tuesday, and in the meantime the allegations brought forward by Mr. Ireland are to receive the attention of tho Government. We aro sorry to have to announce the death of Conncilior W. L. Kelly, which took place yesterday evening, at his houBe in Simpson's road, after a short but severe illness (believed to be rupture of one of the valves of the heart), which from the beginning left little hope of a favourable issue. The de- ceased was a native of Tewkesbury, In Glou- cestershire, where he commencod buslneBB early in life as a printer and stationer. After- wards he established a similar business |in Newport, Mon., which he left for Melbourne in 1852-3, attracted by the glowing roports which were then reaching England from the gold-fielda of this colony. Always enter piising, ho at once commenced business ia the Arcade, which he made famous. He waa Bubsequsntly for many years the landlord of the Argus Hotel, which under his genial upervision became a rendezvous for the literary men of Melbourne, and celebrated for its draught and chess toninamente which were of frequent occurrence. After- wards, having been the first lesseo of the corporation markets, ho became the proprietor of Melbourne Punch, and retired from all other buBinef-s, to enjoy, in comparative retirement, the ease the right to which he had earned. A few months ago he was elected, without opposition, to represent Latrobe Ward in the Corporation of Melbourne. Three weokB since he was seized in his office with violont retch- ing, during which (In his medical attendants believe) his heart was fatally injured. The deceased was a large-minded man, a wann and generous friend; and there aro none who knew him who will not share deeply in the Borrow of his immediate relatives. Greenstone is tho name of a stone found in New Zealand, where it has always been highly valued by the Maories for ita properties, as it takes an edge as keen a3 Iron, and forms a gootl I'ÇïiïuTo for steel in the making of warlike feítromenis, »s well as of ornaments. The »turo of the stone lias not been satisfactorily Lermined, so for as we are aware, and it is ot? only found in the beds of streams, or in ibe drift containing gold deposits. It is «sly semi transparent in small flakes, ex . dj¡,gly heavy, so hord that it can ecarcely .tesplit with the largest hammer, and has a !Lsy surface, whioh does not admit of a high , ijsh For a day or two past »n immense {lock "of this stone, the largest ever found, las btcn shown to tho curious by Mr. j,ll(--///who has lately returned from New uttiK ".ot tue offices of MeMr8- Da Pass Brothers',' Elteabotb- street. It was found at the Kanieri diggings, near Hokitika, in a golden claim, eight feet from the surface among the boulders. It is of remarkable smoothness to the touch, free from any black coots or other impurities, and is pronounced by many t« 1»tho flneBt Bnd ,arßeat detached jiece ever discovered in the Westland dlB iilctof the middle island of New Zealand. The mean thickness is over ono foot, length '/[( 2in, and breadth nearly two feet Although of such small size, its weight is not ]£Eg than öl21b. Great labour was expended (a conveying this specimen from the wilds of (he bush in New Zealand-for only manual labour could he employed-and immense per- severance was shown in taking it haif-a mile oat of the bush, through endless impediments. It was obtained in a golden claim, and up- wards of tbreo ounces of gold were taken off and around it. There were great expectations of undine another similar stone, but the labour of several months, and much expense, only succeeded in extracting a few small speci 1 ¡¡¡ess, weighing from two to three ounces. She Maories, wo are informed, say that the stone is ,a perfect wonder, and they have neither seen nor heard of a piece of such ?dimensions so free from impurities. A deputation of the Exhibition Commis- sion, consisting of Sir James Palmer, Sir Francis Murphy, Dr. Black, Mr. J. Q. Knight, .iith Mr. Beid, the architect, waited yester- j day upon tho Chief Secretary and the Trea- surer, fur the purpose of bringing under the notico of the Government the desirability of making the two proposed temporary avenues to the permanent building of a permanent character also. The original proposition was to erect a permanon t structure as an extension of tho Public Library, at a coBt of £15,970 ; tint it was found that this plan would not give sufficient room, and it was therefore proposed to add two additional winga. Plans of these wings, to be of a temporary character, were prepared, but on further consideration it was thought that it would be more advantageous to make them permanent buildings. The deputation represented that the estimated cost of these wings, if per- manently erected, was £5,990, and that 'there wore additional expenses in connexion with tho work, such as architects' commis- sion, salary of clerk of works, seats and internai decorations, &c;, which would swell .ihe amount to £9,590 ; and that these addi- tional exponBeB would have to be added to the estimate of £2,000 if the work were done temporarily. Mr. Verdon reminded the ?deputation that the Government had been given to understand distinctly that the im wings could bo put up at a cost of £2,000, the intention being to build them so that they could bo taken down and the materials disposed of. Ho would a3k the deputation to submit to him before next day an estimate of the eutire cost of putting up the bnildings , permanently, including everything, and also ibe cost of erecting them temporarily, when bewould give an answer. Messrs. J. H. M'Giil and George Evans yesterday presented a numerously signed memorial from the inhabitants of Magpie, sear Ballarat, to the deputy postmaster general, praying for the establishment of a post-oflico in that place, setting forth ¿he inconvenience resulting to a large population bavirjg no nearer po3tal ac- commodation than Sebastopol, Cambrian hill, or Ballarat, and that the roads to the former places are nearly impassable dur- ing the winter months. The memorialists also recommended the appointment of Mr. George Buck to the office of local postmaster. Mr. Turner promised immediate attention to the wants of the applicants, and would in- struct Mr. Bance, the chief inspector, to visit Magpie, and report upon the necessity for opening the branch applied for. In the un- avoidable absence of the members for the district, Mr. B. G. Davies introduced the deputation, and advocated the claims of the parties bavin signed the memorial. The following on dit has reached us, and we give it for what it is worth:-"It was re- marked, on the departure of Sir Charles Darling, that the Curacoa'g boat did not convey him on board the Alexandra, and that none of the officers witnessed the em- barkation. It is stated that when Sir Charles "Darling was about to leave the colony, the Treasurer (Mr. Verdon) went on board the Curacoa to ask Commodore Wiseman for the corvette's boat to take His Excellency on board the Alexandra, which was at once agreed to. Mr. Verdon, then, with some flippancy, re- marked he preumed they might hoist the ensign at the fore of the Alexandra, when the Commodore replied-' Certainly not ; if you know anything at all of naval etiquette, yon will he aware that that is an honour reserved for Her Majesty or the Lord High Admiral,' He added, it is said, ' I tell you what, sir, you may break the law as much as you like on the land, but I shall take care you won't do so at sea, as there I am supreme to carry out the law.' It is said, further, that Sir William Wiseman informed the Treasurer tbat if the Alexandra hoisted ,the ensign at the fore, he would send a boat's crew on board ¿o haul It down." The sale of Sir Charles Darling's household "furniture, &c;, was commenced yesterday at Toorak, by Messrs. Greig and Murray. There ?was a huge attendance of buyers, and most of tho articles brought under the hammer obtained good prices. The sale will bo con- tinued to-day. In the chess tournament, the games be- tween Mr. Ellis and Mr. Sedgfield acquired an interest beyond that which would arise out of the special quality of thoir play, inas- much as the winner of this round will have to play Mr. Burns for the championship. Mr. Kills won the last game (which stands over for analysis), the score between them now being-Ellis, 1 ; Sedgfield, 1 ; and one drawn game. In tho County Court yesterday, in M'Dougall v. Heaney, the plaintiff sued defendant for wages, five weekB at 10s. per weeka'for work as a domeBtio servant. It »ay he romembered that plaintiff was a principal witness at the trial of certain per- sons (of whom defendant was one) for the Sunbury murder. The defence was to the effect that during the term referred to, plain- tiff was not entitled to wages, but was merely a sort of hanger-on to the place. Verdict for plaintiff for the amount claimed. The steamer Ant returned from her pioneer hip to the north-west coaBt of Tasmania at a late hour lost night, and Captain Harrison iurnißhes ub with the following report: " The s.S. Ant left Port Phillip Heads at seven P.m. on the 7th, reached Circular Head at noon next day, where the vessel was visited to the principal resident«, who hall the establishment of steam communication be- tween Melbourne and their rising port as a great boon ; left again at midnight for the Mersey, and entered that river at half-past Bixi a.m. next morning. During the day the residents from the districts surround- ing the Mersey, Port Sorell, and the Don, mustered in great force to welcome the advent of steam communication. At noon the inhabitants sat down to lunch, by relays, on board the steamer, and In the afternoon the vessel proceeded np to Latrobe, where a quantity of grain was shipped, and returned in the evening to Torquay, the trip up and down the Mersey being the unusual treat of a jaunt by steam to many of the Torquayans who accompanied the vessel. In the evening the officers of the vessel and the representative of the owners were invited toa public diDPer In honour of the occasion. The chair was taken by Mr. S. H. Thomas, of ' Northdown, and about sixty gentlemen par- took of the good things furnished by Mrs. Ste- phens, of the Torquay Hotel. After the usual loyal toaBts had been given, ' Our Visitors,' and 'Success to the Enterprise' were cordially received. In responding, it was stated the company who own the Ant intend to give the trade a fair trial, and if sufficiently supported will continue one of their vessels in the trade. Attention was also called to the absurdly high rate of port charges exacted in the Tasmanian ports, the charge per trip being within Id. per ton of the rate paid per six months in Victoria. At daylight on Thursday the Ant left the Mersey, calling off the Forth for pas- sengers, and proceeding thence to Emu Bay and Wynyard, on the Inglis (Table Cape). The inhabitants of the two last- named places, owing to the admirable postal arrange- ments of the Tasmanian Government, had not seen a nowspaper for a consider- able time, and were, consequently, un- prepared for the steamer's visit, but promised considerable support in future. From Table Cape, steamed to Circular Head, arriving at five p.m. ; Bhipped fifty tonB of produce by ten, and cleared the port at eleven p.m; on the return trip. On the whole, the residents on the coast seem fully alive to the importance of connecting their splendid dis- trict by regular and rapid communication with Melbourne, and heartily promise support and co- operation with the owners of the Ant." Mr, W. H. Odgers has been gazetted as Acting Under-Secretary during the Under Secretary's absence on leave, which com- menced on the Oth inst. It is announced in the Gazette that the UEual levee in honour of Her Majesty's birth- day will be held in the Exhibition Building, ob the 24th inst., at two o'clock. The Gazette intimates that an examination for the Civil Service will be held by the Board of Examiners, at the Exhibition Building, commencing on the 8th of next month. Two beautiful camples of gold have been exhibited in CollinB-street for the last few dayB, the one in the window of the shop of MesBre. Brush and Macdonell, jewellers, and the other in the show-case of Messrs. Baillie and Butters. The first is a nugget from the alluvial diggings of the Dreak-o'-Day party nt Rokewood, and weighs sixty-two ounces of bright yellow gold ; the other is a quartz specimen, as fine as we ever Baw, from the mino of the General Wyndham party in Glass's paddock, Lauriston. This specimen weighs twenty-two ounces. Both are well worthy of being secured by the Commis- sioners of the Exhibition for show in Paris. The Head-quarters Band will play this afternoon, from three to five o'clock, at the Filzroy-gardens, the following pieces of music :-1. Grand March, C. Fisher ; 2, Qua- drille, " Serenade," Balfe ; 3. Seleotion, " Ruy Blas," Glover ; 4. Overture, " Preciosa," Weber; 6. Waltz, "Alexandra Romanoff," Laurent ; 0. Le Carneval de Venlco, Siede ; 7\. Polka, " The Never Tired," Lucker. We have been requested to notify that H.M. S.S. Curacoa will be open for inspection to the public to-monow afternoon, between the hours of two and half-past three o'clock. Some hydraulic machinery for the manu- facture of lead pipe has been fitted up by Bobison Brothers and Co., at their opper works, 31 Flinders-Btrcet west, the motive power being supplied by the pressure of the Yan Yean. The hydraulic power is consi- dered to posseES several advantages over that of steam, being more oxpeditiously brought to bear, and requiring less attention. The ma- chinery is adequate to the conversion of a large quantity per diem of old lead into pipes of all sizes. An old man named Patrick Riley, who had been remanded for some time on a charge of committing assaults of a serious character upon several very young gills, was discharged yesterday, at the City Court, there being no evidence against him but the statements of the children, none of whom were qualified by age or instruction to be received as sworn witnesses. Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday at the hospital upon tho body of Mary Lynch, a married woman, aged thirty-three years. The evidence showed that on the 26th ult,, while deceased was being taken home by her husband from a street disturbance, she fell down, and struck her head heavily, causing a fracture of the skull. She was taken to the hospital, where she died on the 10th inst. from tetanus, the consequence of the injury. Verdict accordingly. Some cochineal inEect?, with their larva), have been received by Dr. Mueller from Sir Geo. Grey, Governor of Now Zealand, and it is intended to attempt their propagation here upon suitable cactus planta as an experiment. In the hill reserve above the Botanic-gardens, about 100 of the West Australian mahogany trees have been recently planted, by which the planting of this portion (named the eucalyptus park) seems to be pretty well completed. Throughout the whole of these parka the plan has been adhered to of lining the many intersecting avenues with trees of a kind different from those set about over the intervening spaces, for the Bake of tho variety which wiil be thus afforded. Open grassy intervale have also been left here and there in suitable situations. In years to come, when the trees have attained full size, these parks will con- tain a magnificent mass of timber, such as few large cities can boast of possessing at so accessible a distance. The director desires to acknowledge the following contributions: South African seeds, from Dr. Brown, Go- vernment botanist, Capo Town ; three caseB dried plants, from Dr. J. D. Hooker, Kew Bo- tanic Gardens ; twelve select ferus from Mr. S. Manifold, from New Zealand; ten tonB white quattz, from Munlolpal Council, Sand- hurst, free per Victorian Railways ; from Dr. W. A. Dobbyn, of Wangaratta, a few seeds ; from Signor Fenzi, Florenco, Beeds, varieties of pine seeds, &c.; ; seeds of Pittosporum (largo lot), and seeds of Podocarpus ferruninea, from Mr. F. Bicknell, Otago, N.Z.; seeds from Mr. R. H. Bland, Avoca. We {Queensland Guardian) have been In- formed, on good authority, that a telegram was received in Brisbane yesterday, to the effect that shortly after the race for the Gold Cup, on Thursday last, his owner was offered and refused £2,000 for tho winning horse. Thore is now no doubt but that our New South Wales neighbours aro in a position to boast of the possession of some of the most valuable horsestock in the Australian colonies. j "Positive information hïs baon received by | the local police authorities from the Detective office in Melbourne," saya the Ballarat Star, " to the effect that J. H. Mather, late secre- tary of the Ballaratshire Council, has suc- ceeded in escaping from the colony. He left by a ship bound for Callao, which cleared the heads on Friday last." " The water In Lake Wendouree," the Bal- larat Star reports, " is now lower than it has been known for years, the main channel in Its deepest parta being only six inches in depth. The whole frontage to Wendouree-parade, some COO yards out from the boathouBes towards the centre, is quite dry, and can be walked over without damping shoe-leather. There is every facility for either ploughing or digging up the roots of the rashes, which will soon wake up refreshed at the first appear- ance of water, and we hope the present oppor- tunity will not be lost. It is generally ad- mitted that whatever Is done must be a part of a comprehensive scheme, and the general opinion seems to be in favour of a lake with a few islands. To plough np the ground in its present dry state would not cost more than 85s. per acre ; the roots and rushes, with a few layers of black clay banked up, would stop any percolation (if such really take place) along the margin of the parade when the water is high, and could easily bo re- moved, if requisite, for any future and more elaborated plan. Five hundred pounds spent before the raia sets in, together with what the boat-lotting people are at present doing, would answer all boating purposes for the coming season. Matches could take place In front of the parade, where the public could have a better chance of witnessing them than hitherto, With respect to communication with the Botanical-gardens, we have no doubt that the Steamboat Company will make a channel, aa contemplated by it from the first. While the Improvement Committee ¡b trying to overcome the petty antagonism of a few water sprites, who are opposed to any such expenditure, we hope whatever funds are available from revenue derived, supple- mented by subscriptions announced at a late meeting, will be at once applied, aa an oppor- tunity may not soon occur again." " We regret," says the Tarrengower Times, " to have to record a fatal accident which occurred to-day (Thursday) to Mr. John Moor- head, a well-known miner of Maldon, not very long arrived from England, and part owner of a claim on Victoria Beef. The unfor- tunate young man was engaged in putting in new slabs, and was the while standing on a stage erected over 100 feet from the bottom of the shaft, when some earth fell upon the stage, which broke away, and was precipitated with Moorhead to the bottom. It is a cause for the deepest regret that this ead accident is another instance of the gross and reckless carelessness which we so often have to call attention to. The stage on which the perilous work had to be done consisted merely of looso slabs, resting on batten elects nailed to the timber sides of the shaft, instead of boing a properly-slung stage; and the deceased and his mates were warned by experienced miners that their stage was a most danger I ouB one. It may appear hard for us to have to mention Buch factB, but they must be given, affording one more warning to the living. Drs. Locke and O'Neill were in a minute or two on the spot, and ren- dered the Bufferer all the aid in their power ; but they found all the right ribs stove ia, penetrating the lungs, and the base of the skull fractured. He remained insensible, and expired in au hour and a half after the acci- dent occurred. His mate, Mr. B, Truebridge, had a very narrow escape. He was at work on the same Etage with deceased, and when it gave way he fell on to the second stage, some five feet below the fatal one, which for- tunately sustained his weight, while the less fortunate deceased fell past the second stage, and so went to his violent death. Besidos the injuries described, the whole body of deceased was much cut and bruised, the no3o being broken and several other severe wounds sus- tained. He waB a single man, twenty-four years of ago, His brother, Mr. Hobart Moor- head, a very old Maldon miner, waa with him at the time of death, but, as we have said, deceased never spoke after the accident." The Grenville Adoocate reports that" a large bush-fire was raging last evening on the Boss'a Creek ranges. This is rather an unusual occurrence at this season of the year, but it seemed in perfect keeping with the heat of the day, and the quantity of dust that had oeen flying about in all dlrectiona. The con- tinued drought materially interferes with mining operations in this locality." The Brisbane Courier says :-" A disease called 'black fever,' whioh ia believed to have been introduced by lato arrivals in the colony, has appeared in the Ipswich Hospital, and carried off several patienta. Ita infectious character is proved by the fact that three of the attendante at the hospital aro now laid up with it." " A gentleman in Adelaide," pays the South Australian Register, "has received a letter from a settler in Burke Town, from which we are allowed the following extracts :-'February 2, 1SG6. I have been here now since August, most of the time in weak health, owing to an attack of remittent fever. A township ia forming here, and many fancy it will go ahead. At the present time it contains one store, one public-house, a blacksmith's shop, two or.three shantieB and boarding-house, and about one hundred inhabitants. The har- bour and river are not too good ; no vessel drawing over ten feet of water has any busi- ness here-one drawing thirteen or fourteen feet is likely to strike the bar at the entrance ; still with a little expense a very good channel could be made, capable of being passed by vessels of much larger tonnage than can now come in. The climate, though hot, is healthy ; certainly we have had deaths, but I fancy these may be attributed to expo- I Büro rather than to any fault of the climate ; and besides it is the rainy season, and none of the places here are dry, except the store and public-bouse. The commis- sioner not having arrived, no one cares about building, as it ia uncertain whore the township may bo placed. As soon as he arrives buildings will go up, and a stir bo caused. The next vessel will bring goods from Brisbane for one or two Btoros that aro fitted and ready for erection. All look forward with Impatience to the opening of a second store hero. The plant for a boiling-down establishment has been hore for the last two months, but nothing has boen done yet towards its erection. The vessel that brought the plant stuck on tho bar, and though got off its back was broke, and it is abandoned. All the gear and stores have been sold. The captain aud remaining crow return to Sydnoy by a vessel now in the river. . . I know of but one thing »gainst this placo, and that ia the numbor of mos- quitoes. This evil will gradually disappear with the return of the winter. The climate is splendid-a steady breeze from night to morning.'" _ 