THE SKETCHER. Hurrah for the Road! There are few occupations, during fourteen years of colonial life, that I have not turned my hand to, but lest my readers should, from the above heading, jump to the conclusion that I am about to favour them with some sensational leaves from the diary of a bushranger, I may as well set their minds at rest upon that point. Though the profession of a " minion of the moon," regarded from an " Ainsworthian" point of view, is doubtless highly romantic and exciting, the calling has, since the days of Diet Turpin and Tom King, sadly de generated, and, looked at in a colonial aspect, presents very few advantages to counterbalance the ultimate prospect that generally bounds the career of a " knight of the road," especially in Victoria. Certainly the sister colony is an exception, though even New South Wales stimulated by a Victorian example, has at last ungratefully turned her back upon her felon heroes, and determined to exterminate bush ranging. No; my experience of the " roads" was not derived, pistol in hand, a la Gardiner, Morgan, and Co., but with the more prosaic tools of the " navigator""-to wit, a pick and shovel-and it came to pass in this wise. I mentioned in a former paper that on my advent in the colony I de voted my superfluous energies to forwarding the interests of an Italian warehouse man in the capacity of a light porter, and for three months conscientiously converted myself into a 11 lumper," until the downright hard labour became intolerable, and I began to think, if I must earn my bread by the Bweat of my brow, I might at least endeavour to carry out my original idea, and try to disinter from the earth the big nugget that had been the ignis faiuus to luie me to this portion of Her Ma jesty's dominions. My mind once made up, action quickly followed, and so I bade adieu to sacks of flour and bags of - sugar, ponderous in their sweetness, and, with two of my ship mates, made preparations for visiting the auriferous regions. The Mlvor diggings had just broken out, and nothing was talked about but the surpassing richness of the claims, and the astounding dimensions of the nuggets ob tained there. It being a matter of indifference to as to which point of the compass we turned our steps, so long as they led to the diggings, we finally decided upon giving the preference to Mlvor. Having provided ourselves with blankets, cooking utensils, and the necessary tools of a digger, we one fine morning made a start on foot to the scene of our future opera tions. However, as " there's many a dip 'twixt the cup and the lip," I was not destined to com mence digging for gold quite so soon as I ex pected, and the alteration of our plans was occa sioned in a very simple manner. We camped at the close of our first day's tramp some twenty five "lilpji from Melbourne-not bad travelling for new chums-in the immediate vicinity of a gang of roadmakers, numbering about forty men of every condition in life. These men were free labourers employed by G-ovemment, under the superintendence of an overseer, and as I eventually found out, their duties appeared to consist in spoiling to the best of their ability-which in that respect was considerable whit might, if left alone, have been a tolerably good road, but which in their, ingenious hands was speedily converted into a perfect slough of despond, plentifully besprinkled with huge boulders-a novel species of macadamisataon that would have driven the inventor of that system crazy. In this gang of amateur navvies there was scarcely a calling or profession un represented. Ex-clergymen and impecunious lawyers picked and delved side by side with beetlebrowed, truculent-looking gentlemen whose experience of the colonies, to judge by their conversation, which' was copiously expletive, had been derived on the banks of the Derwent, rather than on the margin of the Yarra j a physician who had fallen on* evil times turned practical geologist, and, hammer in hand, pounded away con scientiously trying to make road-metal, but he only succeeded in manufacturing blisters on his hands, and the atones obsti nately maintained their primary formation tradesmen and dulled mechanics, whom own legitimate ^callings in Melbourne foiled funueh them with employment,' wielded their spades, cheek by jowl with some of Sir George Grey'schoiceat pets, and the worthy baronet would no doubt have felt considerable eati« faction could he have seen his jrnUigSa in such respectable company. The inducement enter upon this ^employment was enticing, the rmoitfnratidh wa> 18b. 6d. .a dqr "with tent accommodation, about four in a party, tools and oooking uteneils being likewise furnished by the Govenunent. As previous etptfrfonee % ***' tntiking WanQt 'insirtedi'oni the various ropd gnng«; as they were termed, furnished employ ment for hundreds, who would otherwise have fawd very badly. In this particular gang, after some conversation with the over seer. I aad my mates were admitted members, baringflat forabadditional - ihetiuogtM trunotwHhotftita * I It was a new sod curious phase In life to ! the weather was glorious; the society we ware thrown in highly characteristic, if not choice* the pay good, and the work, after aU.mem child . play; as withthe exception of a feyroC the old hands who had graduated at Milbank or Coldbath-fields, hardly a gum , in th» party managed to aphieve much more a fair day's work in th$ oourse, of a /Week. At sundown our amateur road-making was sus pended for the day, and all hands set to work to prepare the evening meal, consisting 0f ^ damper, mutton chops, or Bteaks. Abundance of fallen timber in the vicinity of our tents furnished our camp fires with ample stores of fuel» and we had a copious supply of pure water, that only needed carrying from an. adjacent creek. What could a reasonable man wont more? Supper being finished, the nest hour was unanimously derated to smokin*, and little knots gathered round each fire, whose ruddy blaze brought out in bold relief all the striking peculiarities that distinguished our heterogeneous little society. The gentlemen road engineers who had seen better day* formed a select coterie of their own, and over the "blessed weed" compared notes, and pitied themselves intensely. With these I had very little sympathy, as in. most instances I found that, like myselL they owed their present fallen estate to their own folly or imprudence. For my own part I must candidly confess that, with my. "dudeen" in my mouth, stretched at full length by a roaring bush-fire, the stars twink ling like diamond* in the deep (due sky above, the murmur of the pleasant summer wind sighing through the noble gum-trees that ear rounded us on all sides, I felt a kind of; vagabondish satisfaction, and should certainly have reflected twice ere I exchanged my present free-and-easy existence for the counting-house and the conventional respect ability I had so lately been emancipated from, in the old country. We usually wiled th« evening away by telling stories of our past lives, and us each in turn furnished his nan* tire for the general edification, many were the strange yarns I heard. There was one hard* featured, weather-beaten "old hand" who had spent the greater part of hie colonial career in the house of bondage, lrnt the the bulks, the chain-gang, even Port Arthur and the solitary silent system, had been in effectual to tame or subdue hiin, TTi, story, divested ofaits expletive ornamentation, was a simple but suggestive one. A crime committed in the spring of life, and bitterly soon, but then too late, repented of, and all the imposing machinery of law waa put in motion to control the future of an un happy wretch, led into guiltless by his own inclination than by evil, dissolute associates. This man's case presented peculiar features. When little more than twenty ye&n; of age he was earning a comfortable subsistence in . large manufectoiy situated in one of the northern counties of England. Although » young, he was a married man with one fthiM, his earnings being sufficient for their comfort.! able maintenance. Unfortunately, hei possessed a musical taste, and could sing a good song,* gift which proved a fetal one, for it led hin into the cheap tavcrn " free- and-easiee," wham of course he was a welcome customer, as h® not only squandered his own money, but waa the cause of others .following his oxample. Tba top frequent result followed. HAfr'tw 0f temperance were formed, and after repeated warnings, of course disregarded, he was dis charged from his employment. Instead of. endeavouring by amended conduct to retrieve his character, he plunged more recklessly into dissipation, and finally, with one of the OOQH panions to whose example he owed his rum, committed a burglaiy. His fete me then sealed. The police on the right jrmit. his accomplice, to escape the oonsequences of the robbery, turned informer, and delivered into the hands of justice his unsuspecting victim. For this offeuoe a senteijoe , ten years' transportation waa adjudged, and W. (for obvious reasons I suppress his real name) was in due oourse oonsigned to the hulks at Woolwich, until the mllmg <>f y,e .convict ship that was to convey him to Van Diemen's Land, When, too lat* .IT* bitterly, repented hislwcu»ed fnfuh.mtfo, that had consigned him to . life of in%ny, andfoe. «ver »eparated himJErom hi* wife and Driven to desperatjon by the thought nfWWt anight be the fiituza, tf these loved one . this felpn was not all hardened- when deprived of hinx wjio should have fern hp made adetermined attempt to «mmm Jtan the hulk; it tuoceeded by . contrived by awinuqu^ ^ eboreof thelhamefc He remauwdi^g hit own comfortably-famished little cottage. Blessed with a good, industrious wife and five little ones, the past was regarded almost as an .vil dream, and the future presented nothing hut brightness. But evil times were coming. | By one of those fatalities that are supposed to j happen only in fiction, the wretch by whose tempting W. had been led into crime, and f whose treachery had consigned him to thebulks, j passing through the town as a tramper, re cognised his former associate, and by threats of instant denunciation to the authorities com pelled him to purchase his forbearance. This was the beginning of the end. Insatiable ex* tortion on the one hand, and on the other terror-driven compliance, until goaded to desperation, W., in sheer despair, flew to the bottle to drown his cares, and at last, after a bitter quarrel, he positively refused any longer to purchase bis persecutor's Bilence, and iccklessly resolved to abide the consequences. rpn> regult was an information to the police, and again W. was arraigned for his original offence, aggravated with the additional charge of escaping from the hulkB. The sentence this time was transportation for life, and in spite of the most strenuous exertions made by humane and influential persons to whom the circum stances of the past eight years of his life wen known, W. parted in this world with his wife and children, and again com menced life as a hopeless convict in Van Piemen's land. Is it to be wondered that this man should in his misery and despair deem t^»* every man's hand was against him, and determine henceforth to at least earn the bitter wages meted out to him? In Van Piemen's land he experienced every severity of convict discipline, and amongst a gang of hardened desperadoes none were more desperate and reckless than he. A well-con certed plan of escape at last succeeded, and with two other equally determined scoundrels he actually in an open boat contrived to teach the shores of Port Phillip, and with a view to raising funds for a trip to the diggings, be came for a time a member of the respectable fraternity in which I had enrolled myself as a practical road engineer. I offer no comment on this sketch of a life. No doubt W. him eelf had sowed flie seed that in due course produced so abundant a harvest, but still it Was a hard case. Stories like the foregoing, told by the heroes of them round our camp fire, served to wile away the earlier hours of the night, and ten" o'clock usually saw us comfortably turned in between our blankets, from which, an hour after sunrise, we emerged to commence our daily penance of road spoliation. After three months' work, I and jay mates having saved sufficient funds to make agood start to the diggings, weonemorningbade tothe " partners of our toil," and with our swags on our backs made tracks to M'lvor. But -we were destined to meet with yet another adventure before we arrived at our destination, «nd it was by no means mi agreeable one. Two days previous to our start the private gold eeeoii had been " stuck-up" near the " Mia IGa" Inn, about twelve miles from M'lvor. raid was Succeerfulj and the booty considerable. The attack had been wdl planned, having been made froin an ambush fallen trees, where the robbers had awaited ' the arrival of the troopers. After a short this escort was touted, and when tha news reached JIlvoc great was the public consternation. Troopers were scouring the country in all directions, and, as our evil stars ' -would hfcve it, on arriving within, tea ntSM of the diggings we encountered a body of mounted police, and were unceremoniously upon, and tamultaoufcly interrogated agones-examined. In vain we protested ?w. we were new chums, of peaceful intentions rwtA virtuous antecedents, on our road to the ""mines." Of course, being found in the Tfrfaty of the recent robbery, it was deemed proof conclusive that we Wf something afcoutit^ and our indignant repudiation of the pqfr fpippWirnawt was received with the most ditgUBting incredulity. We were accordingly «gb&ted; tows des^natum by a detachment ofthe'tocflirited oonstabuliiy. 