. AsPaY WITu PnLrTEas.-Her.?Majeaty?l. gunboat Janus left ltong.KCong on the evening of the 17th ult., having on board a mandarin and the. hinoese who had fell in with.a flshing junk, whose maxets furnished some vualuable information. According to him, a pirate junk had' been there the day before, having on board a heavy armament and some eighty lmen. This man was retained on, board as pilot, and the commandcr oftho'Janus< endeavoured to take the unboatlup to Shnnmi, the place to which he had beon, instructed to proceed. While searching for a passage the masts of a junk were seen over the land, she having been run. on shore and deserted by her crew.. Efforts were made to get the Janus- with.. in gunshot, and shie managed'to.get.with in halfa mile of the junk, when the shoal water stopped her. Lieutenant Lloyd:' now called away has boats, and pulled; for the junk, taking care that ins ap. proach was covered by the gunboat. A. sharp fire of musketry and jingalls- was opened on the advanctug boats from par ties stationed on the shore and. the sur rounding hills, and Lieutenant Lloyd' made for the cover afforded by the junk.. As soon.as he had boarded her with his men the natives on the beach were. quickly dispersed by. the fire kept up. fron their rifles, and this effected, the boats took the junk in tow, and although. a heavy fire was kept up on. them by the.o Chinese, who had'returned to their posl. tion, no casualty occurred; andl the junk was safely got out of gunshot.. A fews hours ofter the capturo'bf the jhnk,Lieu. tenant Lloyd landed a uarty to. search. for the guns of the junk, which search. proved unsuccessful. While it was going on a large party of pirates in small junks made a dash to recover the captured junk, but their attempt was defeatediby. a. party of small-armi nen advancing into tbohe water, covered by the marines on the beach. Two of these small junks were. captured and subsequently barned. THIe n next day the Janus proceeded up to, y Shami, but unfortunately took.the ground' a for nearly twentytfour hours. searching a for a passage. The charts of this neigh. e bourhood are very defective, and it is not. to be wondered at that Her Majesty's. vessels occasionally use their keels as. i sounding.leads. 'lhe Janus managed to. g get wsitlhn two miles of Shami, and the a mandarin on board having communnicatedt swith the authorities, Lieutenant Lloyd, y destroyed, with their consent, two houses. known as piratical haunts. The services: a rendered by Lieutenant Lloyd in the r expedition will trust, meet with dtue recog. if nition in the proper quarter--CMna lalan. s .The Adeliade papers almost daily report II extensive bush-fires; causing immense do. struetion of crops and other property. Upon the loss of crops generally. the R'gi.tier of the 20th makes this gloonmy comnlet:- " From the statsements of ouir special re e porter, who has just returntd frnm meetings. 1 held at Willaston, She.nak T.og, and Tem. y plate, it appears that the more the state of the crops is enquired into throughout the a country which lien wnithin a radius of 10 or " 15 miles round Gawler the w.,so are the r accounts which are received. The harvcst, in fact, so far an those places are concerned, t is a couplete failure. Under these deplor Sable circtunstances. we are glad to hear that several of the largent I?ndnhwners, in the ease 5 of tenant farmers, have stopped forward and ' liberally granted retnuinsitn onf rent. But, in n addition to this, it soeens Rhsolutoly certain Id that seed wheuat will have to be suppl wh e I under some much regunationt as those which -ý we lately referred t. ai bh:ing ?d'-t'd a 11t-i. w'h1e* aq.e tu Now tkuia+ Wranl.'d 