FAKMEluS' F1KF/ IN^UIUNCK. (Fnoni the Australasian.) Day after day during iho past three or four weeks accounts of disastrous fires hove been received from all parts of the colonics, some bavin# lie?!) ^he result of accitlentril causes, and some the work «vfineendia'rk's. The waste and diTlnictiim of pmp'-rfy cannst hut be deplored; ;:m! fhs-7'iore wo think upon this subject. the more we feel called upon to urge those men of capital, position,- nnd knowledge of insurnncf bushiest o bring into active life two or more insiVancc companies, through who^e n;;ency the i'.^riculiuiist would, tor n : snmll amount, he aisle to secure tlie 'result of his year's labour. nnd free himstlf trom n grz-at deal of anxiety. In England, upwards, of seventy million pounds worth of agricul tural property is insured among the many offices establish:d for that purpose; and it must be remembered that in England there are no bush-fires, no vascalv swagsmen, who look upon firing your crops and fences as a just return for your refusing to give them more than one night's '. > ed and tucker." The large extent, too, of our farms nnd sta tions make tnem in some instances difficult of being properly guarded, and the most careful man cannot prevent at times extensive and disastrous losses by fires. If the farmers themselves were to invest their .spare cash in these companies their chances of gain would be doubled; their interests would be identical and a fire on a neighbour's farm or at a greater distance would create as much excite ment as if one's own (property was being burnt. Under the present system of non insurnnce no farmer is ever for a moment secure from these terrible and ruinous visita tions ;. and we repeat that if the English agri culturist finds it to his interest, by tlie pre sent payment of a small annual sum in the shape ol premiums, to secure to himself the benefit of perhaps years of labour and care, how much more does that necessity exist in a country situated as Victoria is, where the farmer is not only exposed to all the risks of his prototype in Europe, but to other addi tional and imminent dangers. The damage done this season among the crops is more ; fsgvious than usual. Tins may lie accounted ' "-for, perhaps, from the fact that the farms in many districts are only of one year's growth, and that the owners have had quite enough to,. «Jo to get their crops in rind fences put up" witliiwr pwving attention .' to the long grass outside their enclosures, and from which source half this year's fires have sprung. A farmer, in nineteen cases out of twenty, may partially protect him self at his boundary line, cither by ploughing a hnlf rod of land round the outside fence, or by cultivating a strip of maize, sorg um, lucerne, or potatoes inside his boundary. Another good plan is by burning at sundown, where possible, a strip of grass outside the farm, Another advisable plan is to feed off whh sheep a.? closely as possible, and this ought to be done early in the season, when there is flavour and nourishment,in the feed. At the time tho gra^s is dry as well as long it will be useless putting sheep on, they will tread it down without eating it. A mutual protection company is» the safest remedy of all -a company or companies (for I advocate tl.e establishment of two or three) professing to insure not only the crops, but stock, buildings, fences, and everything,olse found on a farmer's premises. No one profession has so little pro tection from fire as the farmer. No one needs more; but certainly no class has shown less anxiety to create a system of mutual protec- . turn than they have. I know that most in surance companies o'jcct to entertain rural risks, and stringent conditions are insisted upon; but there is no necessity for these con ditions. to be prohibitory as they have been hitherto. Let the farmers have thi;irn«n insurance companies. Let all have an interest, not only in their own properties, but in tbeiri.neighbours'. Mn many localities the farmers before harvest agre*? among themselves that- upon the first alarm of fire any and every, hand slmll be knocked off work, and all their enprgivS concentrated to extinguish the fire; but this energy would be displayed in a greater degree if tlie owner of the property being destroyel and his neighbours assisting iu the prevention of its destruction had an in terest in the sftme insurance company,. Fires mhy ke traced to acts of carelessness more than to any other cause, lint laws ctuv be made to suit all cases, and we believe that before liJiifjf local laws wi.l be found to be neeefr-ary for staying this careless use of fire , by smokers, teamsters, and 'swagsmen. It is nimost as culpable to light a pipe in a harvest field as in a powder magazine, and it is a good plan many iV.rnu rs adopt of not allowing swnking between meals, or anywhere but j in the hnt. fc>o me appreciate their non smoking iahovucv- so much as to allow them higher"wages than those who smoke. As our number of farmers increase we imagine the danger Irom fires- will decrease, from wral rc.-isons; anion? other thing's, more .-trips, o, -rvi'Mi fodder will he purposely njov.ii ; puddocks of. .Knglish grasses are .'I't'tuly on the "incrctifo, and they will play j their'part as partial stoppages. Again, the population is in creasing, and an area ot n'Tienltural land h'.s now four or live times number of occupiers, and we may add .uiardians. Another reason why the damage 'in future will be lessened .is, if two ov three insurance companies be formed, and the majority of farmers become shareholders, there will be a better supervision generally in the country districts. A year or two since^if i\ curl of smoke was seen in the distance, ,? the first question asked was "How's the wind?" and if blowing from the farm, "Oh!'tis all right t'wont come near us," and the usual xi 01 Ic went on as if nothing was wrong, and your neighbour was not being ruined. "We . are not so uncharitable.as to imagine that this ungenerous feeling was universal, but it existed, and does still exist. Agricultural property has been usually looked upon by the insurance companies ns too ''risky." Indeed, until re cently, only one company did business in this ?branch of insurance ; but with stringent-eondi-^ tions attached to the policies, a higher rate of premium, and a general desire to insure created throughout the farming community, it would be found to be a-Car more profitable branch of insurance than many others. There is little likelihood of deception in cases of proposals for injuring. The insiuC of a stack can be examined as surely as a house. The standing crops and fences are before the ngent's eyes, and a certificate from a qualified "vet." would be satisfactory so far as regards the health of stock. And looking at the value of our agricultural produce and stock in the aggregate', and. the insignificant per centnge destroyed by fire or taken off by disease during'the year, I must express my surprise that this channel for enterprise and capitiil has -seen so long neglected.. There is abundant room for two or three companies to operate; in fact, it would be imprudent and very bail policy for only one company to take all the risks of an ngricultur.il district. Much would have to depend upon the judgment of the local agent or surveyor; and certain conditions imposed and insisted upon, con ditions pimple in themselves, and which a great many farmers comply with even without undertaking to do so to a company, such as not permitting more than two stacks to be built in close proximity to each other ; stacks not to be within so-ninny yards of a public road ; stacks to be ploughed round at such a distance and at a stated breadth ; a strip of land ploughed or a certain width of road to he be tween the cultivated land or stackyard and dwelling-house; no steam thrasher to be used without having sufficient spark-catcher attached; no smoking allowed in the stack yard or paddocks. All the above conditions are now being carried out by semes of our fanners, -whose stock and stacks are as safe to insure as almost any town properties. It rests with the farmers themselves in a great measure to secure this ?' protection" to themselves and families, It is not too late even this season for them to take at once active s.eps, and either encourage-any company already willing fo receive proposalsfoy insurance, or set afloat j>nr.» company or mote for their own espetiial "jrotcciicn. This sen son is ft phinHjul one1, and every agriculturist and stockowmr ought 'to set aside say ten per cent, of his amount of capital for 'purchasing- shares in some Farmers' Insurance Company.' This'state of things must assuredly come to pjiss, and that soon, and those who are first inVthc field with tact /and capital will be the firs;t to reap the benefit. Let a farmer bear in'mind that the protection for the produce of 100 acres may be obtained oft'about one acre or a trifle move, and surely no man who values the interests of his family, as well as freedom from anxiety on his own part, will hesitate to insure these at so small a cost. . 