COUNTRY EWS. BALLAARAT. THERE is a hope of effecting a compromise be- tween the Warrior and Koh-i-Noor Companies, Ballaarat. AN iron drinking street fountain has been pre- sented to the Ballaarat West council by Messrs Irving and Co., to be erected in some public place. IT IS SAID that children suffering from whooping cough have been cured by inhaling the air of the mining shafts at Piggoreet. THE Ballaarat industrial school is to be com- menced at once, the site being the rising ground north-west of the Botanical Reserve. THE EXAMINATION OF M‘MAHON, late rate collector of Ballaarat East, on the charge of embezzlement, was proceeded with yesterday. His committal was expected, as a matter of course. . Mr M‘GOWAN, superintendent of telegraphs, on Tuesday, passed through Smythesdale on his way to the western district, and, while passing along, tried the new line of wire from Smythesdale to Linton, and found it to answer satisfactorily. WHILE greasing some machinery, at Coghill's Creek, a man named Patrick Elliott, happening to lay his hand on one of the cog-wheels, another wheel turned and injured the thumb so severely that it had to be amputated. A boy name John Meaney, about ten years of age, was admitted into tho Creswick district hospital, suffering from severe injury to the left hand, caused by the explosion of a gun, which he was dragging along the ground by the muzzle while out shooting. On Saturday, at Ballaarat, Messrs Hepburn and Leonard sold by auction Mr T. Oddie's race horse Surprise to Mr T. Armstrong, for the sum of £50. Another racer, named Poor Mick, also the properly of Mr T. Oddie, was likewise put up, but was bought in at £49. The Ballaarat Western borough engineer re- ported, at the meeting of the council on Monday, that the ground at the intersection of Dana and Ripon streets had commenced to subside from the underground workings of the Sir. Wm. Don Com- pany. A General Meeting of the Creswick Turf Club was held on 7th January. It was resolved that the. stewards be authorised to expend the sum of £300 on the forthcoming races; also, that Hassall and Company be waited upon, and solicited to give a donation to be run for. A little boy, named Michael Caher, died at Lai Lai, Buninyongshire, on Sunday evening, from an acute attack of English cholera. The child was taken ill in the morning, with severe pains in the bowels, succeeded by vomiting, and shortly after wards sank and died. At the police coubt, Buninyong, on Tuesday,, several persons were, at the suit of the Buninyong-. shire inspector, fined £5 each and 15s costs, for having neglected to eradicate thistles from their land, the penalty not to be enforced if the thistles are destroyed within one week. A well-known character, named Joe Monteith, has been committed for trial at Buninyong, for vio- lently assaulting one Albert Guy, by striking him on the head with a spade. The complainant was fencing in a twenty-acre allotment when the assault took place; the conduct of the defendant being de- scribed as like that of a "wild bear." The Ballaarat colony of English sparrows is visibly and even audibly increasing and multiplying. Gradually (say the Star) the little things are extend- ing themselves from street to street, so that in a year or two the whole town will probably be stocked, and the busy settlers send out pairs to subdue the country around. A Sad Affair.—Mary Sanderson, charged with having deserted her child, was a very young and decent-looking girl. It appeared that her husband had deserted her, and hence the attempt on her part to get rid of the child by leaving it out at nurse, while she earned her own living. The case was remanded for consideration at the district court, Mr Clissold appearing to regard the accused as sinned against rather than sinning.— Ballaarat Star, January 5. It is possible, although not actually positive (ac- cording to the Ballaarat Post), that legal pro- ceedings will be commenced between the shire councils of Leigh and Buninyong, anent the collec- tion of rates by the former council, in territory claimed by the latter at Grassy Gully. The Leigh shire council have taken a legal opinion, which has been expressed in their favor, being to the effect that they are not liable to Buninyong shire for the amount of rates collected in the disputed territory. THE 42ND CLAUSE.—Mr M'Kinium, the contract snivevor has received instructions from the Board' -m i opening of P.u-liTOct.-CMMrf- J.ltu, '''Si S'S,'J; EF.--,,-A little boy. ,,»,,,;-1 Bo,,aU ' . merit. Despite the remedies used, he, however, gra dually sank and died; and at the inquest held on the case on Saturday it was shown that death had re sulted from congestion of the lungs and consequent exhaustion arising from the irritation, and inflam mation caused by the accidental swallowing of the bead, and its introduction into the bronchid of the lungs.— -Ballaarat Star, January 7. The Murder at Bullarook.— The Ballaarat Star gives the following further particulars relative to the above event: —"The inquest on the charred human remains recently found in the bush in the district of Bungaree, was commenced on Thursday forenoon, at the St. Mungo Hotel, Lydiard and Mair streets. Mr Ryall, assisted by Mr Superin- tendent Hill, conducted the examination of the wit nesses, and Mr. Finn appeared to watch the proceed ings on behalf of the prisoner, Denis Murphy, at present in custody on suspicion of having murdered Patrick O'Meara, the man whose remains are sup- posed to have been found. Shortly after the inves- tigation commenced an adjournment was made to a larger room in the Royal George Hotel, and tlie in- quest was then proceeded with throughout; the day up till a late hour in the eyening, after which an adjournment was made until to-day, when the examination of witnesses will be continued. In compliance with the wish of the coroner, we have refrained from publishing the evidence taken on Thursday, of which there was a great deal. A number of the witnesses examined—residents in the vicinity of where the remains were found, and some of them friends of the prisoner—appeared to be very unwilling to give evidence, and in one or two in- stances what little disconnected evidence they did give had to be literally dragged from them. The remains, which consist of a large number of frag- ments of bone, together with a portion of the ver- tebra, were identified as those of a human being, and aided in forming their conclusions by the. pre sence among the remains of the portion of the ver- tebrae referred to with the sacrum attached, the three medical gentlemen examined were enabled to come to the conclusion that they were those of an adult male person. Besides that proof as to the identity of the remains, various portions of clothing were found, such as a piece of a shirt par tiully burned, the pattern of which was sworn to by several wit- nesses as being exactly similar to the shirt worn by the missing man. As to how far the evidence adduced, and likely to be adduced, may; bear against the prisoner, of course we are not now in a position to say anything, but the police appear sanguine of being enabled to unravel the mystery surrounding the case. The prisoner appeared to take matters very coolly during the earlier part of :the investiga tion, but, towards the evening, when some of the witnesses were examined whose evidence might have been considered somewhat material to the case, he appeared to be slightly agitated and seemed as if somewhat more alive to the weighty charge against him. SANDHURST. A court of petty sessions is to be established in Huntly, Sandhurst. A young man, named John Roberts, while bathing at the Pioneer claim, Long Gully, was attacked by apoplexy and died. The town weighbridge is to be removed, to facilitate the mining operations commenced in the Market-square, Sandhurst. A Miner named Francis Jackson, of Long Gully, died in the Sandhurst hospital, on Saturday, from heart disease. The grass in the old cemetery, Sandhurst, caught fire on Monday. It is supposed some children set. it on fire. Fortunately, it was extinguished before much harm was done. Messrs Benson and Go. offered the plant of tho Yorkshire Company, Sandhurst, for sale, yesterday. As the highest offer did not exceed £560, the pro- perty was withdrawn. Eaglehawk has at length got a town clerk. At a meeting of the Eaglehawk town cotuncil, Mr H. E. Tolhurst has been elected town clerk, at a salary of £250. There were twenty applications. The Hut of a charcoal-burner, named Patroni Uldircko, at Sulky Gully, was broken into on 7th January, and a quantity of wearing apparel, valued at between £5 and £6, stolen therefrom. A child, eighteen months old, was brought to the Bendigo hospital with about an inch of a pipe stem stuck in one of its nostrils, which the parents could not remove. Dr. McGillivray removed the ob struction. A miner, named Vigus, while in the 'shaft of Hildebrandt and Co.'s claim, New Chum Reef, Sand hurst, on Wednesday had a narrow escape from being crushed to death. The cage, in descending, struck him, and jammed his head in such a manner that the bones of his nose were smashed. The deaths amongst the children in Sandhurst district have been very numerous of late. In the case of one family, three children were carried to the grave on three consecutive days, the cause of death in each case being diptheria following an attack of measles. Mr Archibald Bennie, M.A., who is connected with the Wesleyan College, Melbourne, sustained a dislocation of the elbow, caused by a fall, near Eaglehawk, on Thursday. The dislocation was re- duced by Drs. Sorley and Cruikshank.—Eagle hawk Times, January 5. A Farm Laborer named Alfred Allen, while "suffering a recovery," created quite a sensation, on Saturday night, at the Sandhurst railway station, by stabbing himself with a penknife. It was only a slight wound however, and the man was found fitter for the lock-up than the hospital. A Case of Sticking-up occurred on Saturday night, in Mercer-street, Geelong. A man named Edward Searle was on his way to his home in Ashby, when he was set upon and violently assaulted by two men, who took from him three one-pound notes and fifteen shillings in silver. A Slight Recovery.—The little girl Nolan, who was severely burned by a bush fire at the head of the Emu Creek, a day or two ago, and who was conveyed to the hospital, where her burns were found to be so serious that little hope was enter- tained of her recovery, is now slightly better. Her little sister, who was burned on the hands, is also doing well.—Bendigo Advertiser, January 4. Robert Sproule, aged thirty-two years, a mar- ried man, was killed on Tuesday whilst descending a 360 feet ladder in a shaft of Esler and Co's claim on Windmill-hill, Sandhurst. A coroner's inquest resulted in a verdict to the effect that deceased met his death by falling from a ladder while in an in- temperate state, and added to their verdict a special opinion that the use of perpendicular ladderslonger than thirty feet to each landing is unsafe to the men working in mining shafts. Legal Grown Tobacco.— Two samples of | tobacco leaf have been left at our office by Mr Mattheson, of the McIvor-road; One of the samples is of the kind known as Virginian, and the other Havanna. The leaf in both samples is much smaller than the majority of samples of tobacco hitherto grown in the district, a fact which is pronounced by connoisseurs to be in favor of the supposition that they are of the genuine kind. Mr Mattheson has, we learn, about five acres of this tobacco under cul tivation.—Bendigo Advertiser, Jan. 9. Fish in the Reservoir.— A day or two. since^a paragraph appeared in our columns stating that a small fish had been found in the Grassy-flat reser voir. Since then we have been informed, that some two years or so back a number of small fish, about six inches in length, were placed there by Mr John Tipper, which in all probability,' will account for the pressnce of the one alluded to. It is satisfac tory to have this proof that Mr Tipper's effort has not been fruitless, but the question arises—where did the fish in question stow himself when the re servoir was dry last summer? —Bendigo Indepen dent, January 10. Fearful Accident near Lake Cooper.—As William Morton, in company with a, friend, was, re turning home on horseback, about four ~ o'clock on the aftemoon of New -Year's day, from some sports which had been held in the neighborhood, he com- menced racing with his companion, and when at full speed came with tremendous force against a tree, completely smashing his left thigh and leg. He was removed to the Bendigo Hospital in the course of yesterday, and everything that could be was done for the comfort of the poor fellow, under the direction of Mr. Sibley, the assistant-surgeon, but not the slightest hopes are entertained of his surviving the accident. A consultation of several surgeons was being held at a late hour last night as to the propriety of performing an operation upon the patient, who is stated to be about thirty years of age.—Bendigo; Independent, January 3. , GEELONG. The Commercial Bank commences business in Geelong on. Monday. The Bathurst burr has made its appearance in several parts of the Geelong district. The Gold Prospectors have at last abandoned their tunnelling at Mercer's-hill, Geelong. Somebody has been stealing the stones of the South Barwon breakwater! The danger of stacking hay in the vicinity of dwelling-houses is pointed out by the Geelong Register. The fire at Byrnes's was the result of this practice. Geelong Wine.—We announce with some satis- faction that our local winegrowers intend competing at the Exhibition, when, if we mistake not, our local wines will take a leading position.— Geelong Ad vertiser. A death, caused by exhaustion, resulting from dysentery, took place at the Geelong Industrial School, on Sunday. The general health of the children is reported as very good, but some of the weakly constitutioned are suffering great debility since the measles. The Murray snag boat, ordered by Mr Bannister from Mr Tait, is all but completed. It will be tried first of all on the Barwon. It is expected to display much more agility in turning and backing, and in dodging any obstruction in its course, than any of the boats hitherto constructed for the difficult traffic of the Murray.—Geelong Register, January 7. All the immigrants per the Red Jacket have been satisfactorily engaged, aid ' the depot now stands empty. Places could be found for plenty of single female servants, if they were to be had. The single girls per the Red Jacket went off within the first two days of their being in the depot. The last of the married couples were engaged last week, at a salary of £40 per annum.—Geelong Register, January 7. The Dog Days (as the Geelong Advertiser re- marks), will set in after the 15th of January, which is the last day for canine registration. After that date "cave cano" inspector, will be the password to all who neglect the provisions of the law, with re gard to "mongrel, puppy, whelp and hound, and curs of low degree." It appears that before the aboriginals left Gee long, they were entertained by Mrs Wills, the mother of their captain, at her residence, on Sun- day; and, according to the report of gentlemen who were invited guests on the occasion, enjoyed them- selves remarkably well, but with that strict decorum which has, up to the present, marked their general conduct. Progress in Steiglitz.—Notice of motion has been given in the Steiglitz borough council that a correspondence be opened up with the Ballan shire council on the north, and with the councils and road boards, south, between Steiglitz and Geelong. The object of the correspondence is to obtain from Government the proclamation of the whole line of road from Geelong through Steiglitz, Ballon, Dayles ford, Guildford and Castlemaine, as a main road, thus forming a direct line north from the sea to Castlemaine, and then via the railway to the Murray. The proposed route is midway between the Melbourne and Ballaarat railway, and the Mur- ray and Melbourne line on the other. It would prove a mam feeder to these steam highways, through a district where a great deal of valuable land is still in the hands of the Government. The roads in the shires and boroughs are made, and only require to be connected by clearing and making a few old dray tracks to create a good and direct thoroughfare.—Geelong Register, January 8. A Pretty Pair. —The perjury case against Harriet Hale was completed, in its police court phase, yesterday morning, when the woman was fully committed to take her trial at the next Gee- long circuit court, to be held in April. The effron- tery of the witness Locke during the course of his evidence called down upon him a severe reprimand from his worship the mayor. The whole case is certainly one of the most disreputable and disgust- ing of its kind that it has been our duty to chronicle in Geelong police history. The relationship exist- ing between the parties, which should have been some guarantee of mutual propriety, the utter shamelessness of their conduct, and the barefaced disregard for truthfulness displayed throughout the evidence in the case in all the many phases in which it has now been before the public tribunals of the district, are such as to induce a hope that we may at any rate soon hear the last of it.—Geelong Register, January 5. A Cruel Uncle.—A rather spiteful sort of trick came out before the police court, yesterday, in the case of Bedgood, uncle, v. Bedgood, nephew. A dispute had arisen, between the two parties on the Comunn Na Fienne ground on New Year's day, and the uncle had taken out a summons against the nephew' for threatening language, the summons being made returnable at the central police court, Yarra-street, yesterday. The complainant did not appear when the case was called on; but the defen dant, of course, was obliged to do so. The case was necessarily dismissed for want of the complain- ant's appearance. The malice of the affair con sisted in the fact that the parties reside in. Mel bourne, so that the defendant was compelled to be three days away from home, and be at considerable travelling and hotel expense, in order to be present at the proper time in Yarra-street, yesterday morn- ing, simply to hear the case against hi dismissed. The magistrate informed him that he would have his remedy in the county court.—Geelong Registev, January 8. Four Hours of Terror.—The friends of Mr Per rottet will be glad to learn that he has nearly re- covered from the severe accident which bef el him about a fortnight ago, and was able to make his first visit to town, yesterday. Mr Perrottet, it ap pears, was returning across the plains between the Leigh-road station and Murgheboluc, having been to the station to forward fruit to Ballaarat. The night was very dark, when from some unexplained cause the horses took fright, and there being no fence to arrest their progress, careered across the plains until they were. brought to a standstill by a stump about four feet high, getting between the two. The sudden jerk precipitated Mr Perrpttet . head foremost on to the pole, from whence he. fell on to the ground between the horses, and remained in that position for four hours, being trampled on by the animals in such a manner as ,to render it a matter of surprise how he could have escaped with his life; as it was he had one finger broken and another entirely smashed. He. was bruised about the chest and body in a fearful manner, and for some days could not turn his head either one way or the other.—Geelong Advertiser, January 9. The Slayer of "Timbo." —When the police court rose, yesterday, his worship the mayor addressed Mr detective O'Neill with regard to the non-arrest of a man named 'Dick,' to whose acts, in the opinion of the hon. protector of the aborigines, 'Timbo' came by his death. His worship ob- served that, when he last drew attention to the sub- ject, he was informed by Mr detective Bailey that the man had been arrested in Melbourne, and that in- formation had been received of such, arrest by tele gram. The man ought to have been brought before the Geelong court on Saturday last. Another week was drawing to a close, and 'Dick' was not pro duced. It was a matter that he could not under- stand, but it appeared to him subversive of justice, and requiring explanation. His worship, in the ab- sence of explanation, said that he would commu- nicate with the department for an explana- tion, and endeavor to ascertain if some efficient means could be brought to bear to arrest the man. He thought that the bench had been trifled with, and that the ends of justice must be sought outside of the Geelong police supervision. —Geelong Register, January 5. CASTLEMAINE. Two persons in Maldon, suffering from sun- stroke, were recovered only with great difficulty. Beef, to all appearances excellent, was sold in the Castlemaine market, on Saturday, for a penny a pound. Rheumatism is said to have been cured by flour of sulphur, in the person of Mr Lockhart Ross, of Maldon. A miner, named James Smith, was working in a drive at Barker's Creek, Castlemaine, when the props gave way, and he was severely injured. A nominal penalty has been inflicted upon cert- tain Chinese for sweeping the "blinding" out of the streets of Maldon, in their search for gold. The Rev. Mr Holt, of Fryerstown, will have charge of the Episcopalian-Church at Chewton (ac- cording to the M. A. Mail). The appointment is dependent upon the fulfilment of certain conditions, imposed on the congregation by the Bishop. A serious accident happened to a carter named Wm. Arnold, resident on Campbell's Creek, on Wed nesday. Arnold was engaged carting loading through the bush, and, while driving his dray, got jammed between the vehicle and a tree, and thus re- ceived severe internal, injuries. Mr Nightingale, engaged on the works now going on at Preston Vale, has assured the M. A. Mail of the truth of the statement made and repeated by Mr Mills, that the girl Nolan, whose burning was lately reported, had an infant in her arms at the time. Mr Nightingale was the first to see the chil- dren. Reduction of the Duty on Gold.— The reduc- tion of 6d an ounce on the duty on gold, which took place on the 1st inst., should cause a corre- sponding rise in the price of the precious metal, but several of the banks have not had notice from head quarters to make the requisite alteration. Alluvial is quoted at £3 16s 6d to £3 17s 6d. ; standard, at £3 15s 3d to £3 15s 6d.—M.A.Mail, January 4. A Chinese exodus has been going on from Castle maine. Scarcely a train now leaves the railway, station without conveying a large party of Mongo- lians. While many are returning to their native land, there are many bound for New Zealand, which possesses considerable attraction for those people. "We believe,' says the M. A. Mail, 'the autho rities are now taking a census of the Chinese in this district, so that we shall shortly be able to better judge of the extent of the emigration which has and is still taking place. Beginning Early.—On Wednesday morning a child of Mr Stewart's, senior turnkey of the gaol, and aged two years, was taken to the hospital, suf- fering from an overdose of alcoholic poison. The child, unobserved, went to a cupboard, and drank such a quantity of gin that he was rendered insen- sible. The child required five hours' unremitting attention of the resident surgeon to restore it. At the end of that time favorable symptoms were deve loped, and the infant is now slowly recovering.—M. A . Mail, Jan. 4. Infant Mortality.—The terrible weather of the past few days is telling to an alarming extent on infantile life. Yesterday, a gentleman informed us that during a short visit to the cemetery three de- ceased children were taken to their graves, and on every side we hear of sickness. The latest develop- ment of disease is inflammation of the bowels, which is proving fatal in many cases. Dysentery and scarlatina also still prevail to a great extent in the district.—M. A . Mail, January 5. DAYLESFORD. It is said that the amount of gold sent down from Daylesford last year was about 49,000 oz. Sarah Powell, residing in Vincent-street north, has been attacked by English cholera. A drain passes by the houses of the patient, which is reported to be offensive. DURING the holidays, large quantities of quick- silver have been stolen from the Cornish machine, . Daylesford. It is much to be regretted that such dishonest practices are not banished from our mining community. William Kelly, the man charged with maliciously setting fire to some wheat belonging to Mr M'Cor mick, at the Porcupine Ridge, Daylesford, was, on Wednesday, committed for trial at the next Circuit Court at Castlemaine. A fire broke out accidentally on the farm premises of Messrs Anderson Brothers, of Smeaton, on Wed nesday, and consumed two stacks of straw. It is presumed it was caused by some sparks from the threshing machine which was at work at the time. _ A day or two since, a heavy limb of a tree in Wombat- park, Daylesfprd, from which one of the swings used in the hospital fete was suspended, fell suddenly to the ground. It is fortunate that the event did not happen during the festivities, or loss of life might have ensued. A serious accident occurred at Mount Blackwood on Sunday last, to a man named Desmond. Desmond, it appears, is subject to fits, and being seized with one, he fell across a camp oven, in which meat was being cooked. He was very se- verely burned in different parts of the body. Waterworks at Daylesford.—We understand there is every probability of the survey for the waterworks at Daylesford being,completed very shortly, Mr Henderson, the Government Surveyor, having received instructions from his. chief to finish the undertaking immediately.—Express, Jan. 5. A Harvest-woman. —We have been given to un- derstand that Mr Gelinier has offered £2 5s to £2. 10s per week and rations for harvest-men, but even at this figure men are not obtainable. As his har- vest must be got in, a "fair maid of the Emerald Isle," who generally confines herself to household, duties, has volunteered to assist her master, both by cutting and tying up the sheaves.—Daylesjord Mercury, January 5. More Incendiarism.—Yesterday afternoon a farmer residing at the Porcupine Ridge, arrived in town on horseback, with intelligence that an act of incendiarism had been committed on his farm, by which seven acres of wheat had been burnt. He in- formed the police that a man who had been working for him, and with whom he had had some disagree- ment, had threatened to fire his crops. He saw the fellow leaving the spot where the fire broke out, and, running up, he found a box of matches. The man made off. Meanwhile the fire spread rapidly, and but for the assistance of forty or fifty men, who collected and used every exertion to extinguish the flames, a vast amount of neighboring crops and other property would have been destroyed.—JDayZe;*- ford Mercury, January 7. Melancholy Madness.—Yesterday Mr William Lascelles, a well educated gentleman, who has been keeping a private school here, was brought up be- fore the mayor on a charge of lunacy. Dr. McNicoll, who had examined Mr Lascelles in 'the lock-up, deposed that he was suffering front melancholia, and that his was a case for medical attention rather than confinement. Prisoner, who answered the questions put to him very rationally, seemed quite aware of his mental condition, and of the necessity of his being placed under care of the physician. Mr Lascelles lately lost his wife under rather melancholy circumstances, and this may have affected his mind. At times, it is said, he has been tempted to do his oliiiuren bodily harm. It will he remembered that on Wednesday the bench ordered two of them to be sent to an industrial school. He was committed to the Castlemaine gaol for treat- ment.— Daylesford Express, January 5. Shocking Death.—Mr J. Sampson, rtgod sixty- two, a retired sawyer, who had taken to MeStttoelisfr preaching at Poplar, not having been seen: by the neighbors from Thursday to Sunday, his house was broken into. Mr Sampson was found dead, the body sitting upright in a chair, and his bedridden wife within a few feet of it, and delirious, and al- most dying from fright and starvation. When asked when she had last seen her husband alive, she answered "Two years ago." A medical man was called in immediately. He was of opinion that the body of the deceased had been in its then position on the chair between two and three days. Death resulted from disease of the heart. Mrs Sampson was perfectly silly, and apparently dying. There was plenty of food about the house, but she had been unable either to get it or to raise an alarm, and hunger and thirst, as well as the horror of her situation, had upset her reason.— Daylesford Mercury, January 7. Fire at Daylesford. —Last evening, about eleven o'clock, a fire broke out in a cottage situated in West-street, belonging to a widow named Mrs Rochford. The fire was first discovered by the un fortunate woman herself; and in a few minutes afterwards by a neighbor living close by, a Mr Weaver, who succeeded in rescuing a child, which was at that time inside the building. The whole town and the surrounding hills soon became illumi nated, and the solemn tones of the fire-bell aroused the members of the fire brigade, and well they answered to its call. About twenty members of the brigade, under Captain H. F. O'Connell, were quickly on the spot, and succeeded in confining the flames to the building in which the fire originated. The house itself was built of weatherboards and slabs, and was covered with a bark roof, and so situated that it would have been almost dangerous to have attempted to take the engine to it; but as it was, the brigade deserve great praise for their . promptness and energy. From the statement of Mrs Rochford, it appears that she retired to bed early, having been washing all day, and that there was no fire in the house of any description ; nor can she in any way account for its origin. Not a particle of any description could be saved, and, to add to her own loss, Mrs Rochford had just re- ceived a large quantity of linen, &c.;, to wash, from Mrs Homberg and others. E. Fox, waterman, was the first at the scene of the disaster, but was too late to be of any service. — Mercury, January 4. '. Important Surgical Operations.— Three sur- gical operations, involving each some features of interest, were performed on Wednesday, at the Daylesford Hospital, by the resident surgeon, Dr. Doolittle, assisted by Drs. Daniel and McIntyre. The first operation consisted in the removal of a portion of the lower jaw from a boy about fourteen years of age, named Warren, who, some months ago, met with an accident at the Cornish Company's claim, by which he sustained fractures of the skull, jaw and thigh. The injury to the skull also in volved the loss of a large portion of the brain, but, strange to say, the boy perfectly recovered except as to the jaw, the fracture of which remained ununited and allowed the bone to become dead. The second operation was the removalof nearly the whole of. the femur or thigh bone from a boy eight years of | age. Thelimu was fractured six months ago, but was not treated by' any medical man until the' ' boy I was taken to the hospital about a month since.; . He [j . was then in so low a condition that no . operation j could be ventured on. The third, and perhaps th? 1 most interesting operation of thethree, was the ex cision of the. second toe of the right; foot from a j . man named Donald M'lntosh.agedabout thirty.' The ] case was rather a bad one, and in the operation Dr. i Doolittle made use, for tiie1 iirsfc time, of the new local ether spray apparatus, invented, by Drj. Eichardson. The. toe was taken out and- the bon? cut far into the foot with the most entire; success*, the part being rendered .perfectly insensible by'the new anaesthetic '? process. — Ddylesford Mercury, January 9. ???'. \ :???.??' ' ??-, ?? ? :? .- .'?:?-.: ;?.,?'?. ' ?? .??:?;. .;???. f ; ;,.KYNET.pN.. ..., : : ;?..?.;?..;';?... j The death of, Mr.,,Kinnear, .'.for ,imany years a resident, and always a respected one, of Kyneton,' is announced by the loca 'journals. ' ' ' ? : : Mr J. P. Gaholan has been appointed by th6 Minister of Lands to make an official inspection ; as to, how licenses under the 42nd clause, and holdings under the.leasihg clauses, have been taken up in the 1 Kyneton district/ ' ' ! \ A tabiff: to be observed by the : police courts,! in I inflicting .fines for assaults, is suggested rby the \ Kyneton Observer, as at times men who half /murder their antagonists escape with a nominalpenalty, while heavy fines are ' inflicted in faivial cases. Kyneton is nofc'th'e only place where tthis is so. , ..;? .. .. , j Ckuel, ,b¥T, Commendable.— We understand that „ the hon.. W. H. F. Mitclieilhas succeeded in securing the services of a Scotchman and: his family for two years, to cut and keep down the thistles growing1 on his. property at Barfold, on the following liberal . terms :— ' A house, rent free, with ,200 acres of gbodJland. The terms1 are, no doubt, ' very liberalj but on the whole -we believe Mr Mitchell will bethe gainer, as. the eradication of the thistles will greatl^ benefit his land.; — Kyneton Guardians January 9.., : Hard Times for the Blind.— Retrenchment having been'cominencedby the Kynetonhospitalcom^ mittee sometime ago, ''it was ordered, that three '?? incurably blind men/iwho; were., inmates, should be : given £1 ' each and discharged^ . The men^ however, have persistently refused to leave, arid week after week have remained in ' the : hospital in [' spite of the expostulations of: the .surgeon and \\\ ..secretary. On Saturday the. secretary,, brought i. the matter before the committee j and two of I. the men were' ordered' to be handed over £ to the police, the : third being suffered to p remain for the present, as his- general health was I not such as. to warrant his present removal.' So I reports the Kyneton Observer. Is this the proper f, way to dispose of the poor creatures ? Last Week's Storm.— Between five and six o'clock on Wednesday evening, Malmsbury was visited by a very severe squall, which during the short time it lasted did a consideration amount of damage.. The iron verandah in front of the offices used by the Water Supply department was lifted, posts and all, completely over the building, and deposited, not greatly damaged, in the yard at the back. The tele- graph wires were blown down in places, the glass front of Mr Pook's (the tailor) shop was blown in and all the large sheets of ; glass ? broken but one ; and a number of other minor casualties occurred. In places along the line the squall was so severe that it was feared the three o'clock up train would, have been capsized.— Kyneton Observer, January 5. A New Year Tragedy. — A. very distressing case came to our knowledge a day or two ago. A young girl named Burns came up from Melbourne, on New Year's day to spend a few days with her father, who was engaged upon Messrs Greenwood's contract at the Malmsbury reservoir. On reaching Malmsbury she found that her father had been taken ill, and was an inmate in the Kyneton Hospital. She pro- ceeded to Kyneton, went to the hospital, and in- quired for her father. She was too late, however, to see him in this world. He had died the very day of her visit, and it only remained for her to telegraph the melancholy news to her mother, who arrived on Thursday evening, in the train bringing its load 0 returning pleasure seekers from the metropolis. We are informed that the family are left in very desti- tute circumstances, and that the assistance of the charitably inclined would be very worthily bestowed. — Kyneton Observer, January 5. , LANCEFIELD. i A Case for Inquiry. — A frightful accident, re s' suiting in the death of a man named Robert Noonan, occurred on Christmas day, on the road $. between Lancefield and Mount William. : Deceased, | who was a bullock-driver, was engaged, on the day p named, drawing posts and rails between the above I places, and, through some means or ; other, it is sup |, posed he was intoxicated, and: lay under the dray, I one of the wheels of which lay across his breast. I It is not known how long the unfortunate man. was; H in the position. He was first seen by a policeman, W whose attention was directed to the spot by heaving, H moans, but the constable found himself .unequal to ffi the task of extricating the unfortunate man from H his fearful position; and, after haying gone to jl procure help, the dray had passed over his body on 1 his return, and life was extinct. The only, person 1 called to give eyidenco at, the inquest was a g man who was lying in a drunken sleep 'near de li ceased, but who, owing to the state he had been in I himself, .could remember nothing..1 ; A verdict of ac I cidental death was vehmTie&.—Laiipcfield Guardian. M — [If this statement be true,. the policeman seems, g to some extent, responsible for the 'accident.'' H Surely ho couid have placed the man out of I danger.] ? ? . . ? !? ? I. ARARAT, , : 1 Another ' Miserable.'' — An unfortunate man, 9 whose name and appearance are quite unknown, but I who seems to have been one of tho class called -« tra 1 vellers,' was found dead on the plains, about two I miles from Mount William, on Wednesday last. It I is surmised that he died from the effects of suh | stroke received during the fierco lieat of that -day. — U Ararat Advertiser, January -1. ? ?.???;; I Suicide at Eversley. — A young man named 1 M'Vickers, the son of a rospoctablo fanner, residing I at Eversley, terminated his. cxistonco in a shocking I manner yesterday. For somo time past wo believe 1 tho deceased has' beon suffering from montal abpria § tion, induced by an attack of f over, and lately his . behavior has boon most eccentric. But 'ni few days ago he wandered away in tho bash,' wlioro ho re mained threo days without food. - Shortly after his return he entered the house unperceived, and finding no ono at home, placed the muzzle of his fatker's gun to his mouth, and ? discharged . 'it while in this position, shattering his lioadiu the most frightful manner. — Ararat Advertiser, January -i. ' I A Genuine Fsiendkiiip.-^-A singular inst;mco of eccentrio affection on the part of a dog cawo under our observation yesterday,, Mr Rundell, ,of, -.the, Court House Hotel, purchased a young horse' ^few- days since from some young men who were going to Ballaarat,.and;when'leayingthe town they remarked ?to him that it would be needful to look closely after a fine-looking kangaroo dog which' they had with them, a strong attachment haying sprung up be tween him and the horse they had just parted withi The purchaser thought no more of the matter till the remarks of the men were forcibly brought to his recollection by seeing the dog lying opposite the stable door, : yesterday morning, footsore and evi dently- .knocked up. The poor brute must; have travelled ? the sixty miles from Ballaarat to find, a place once more beside. his favorite. — -Ararat Adver tisev» ?? ? '?*?'?'' ' ' ' /' ? ? ??-? ;j ?' ; ' ', , ;;: Accident. —A fatal; accident; occurred on Sunday last-toiThomas, Allen, an old and well known resi-; dent of Ararat, when riding an unbroken horse ? to water from the Court House Hotel. Mr Allen, wev learn, volunteered to ride the animal, knowing that it-had been. scarcely ' handled': before, as it.ap peared very quiet and tractable. \ The deceased moiinted the horse without much trouble, and rode with' it as far as the borough dam j' but for some reason the animal refused to enter the water, and its, rider in trying to compel it,caused the horse to turn round rapidly, and ultimately to rear over, fall ing on' his body. ' Mr Troy Knight and Master Rundell, who Baw the accident, ran to' Allen's assist . ancej and had him' at onceireleased from the horse and conveyed to . the hospital. ,., He died on the Tuesday, following, without a return of consciousness. Ararat Advertiser,' January 4. ' ' ' : -.'?? Another Victim.— Little has transpired from the inquest on the body of the unfortunate man who was found dead upon the plains near. Mount William. No clue has been discovered by which he can be identified ;; he seem' to have wandered to the ;place where he was. found while suffering from1 the effects of drink, which added to, the excessive heat of the day, the. want of stimulant, and nourishment, re sulted in his death. It appears to be the old story of. bush dissipation and suffering from the effects, without assistance of any kind being rendered, in short, whilo aimlessly, wandering in the delirium of alcohol. The police constable stated, that he found the deceased lying on his face ' with his arms and hands bent under him and his legs! crossed ; there was an old grey felt hat lying close ,to his head, he had on a black coat, a dark vest, dark trousers patched with moleskin, and a pair of biutcher boots ; ?there was no property of any description upon him, and consequently no clue as to his .identification could be traced. — Ararat Advertiser, January 8. An Awkward Upset. — An accident, which might have ended very seriously to three or four people, happened to Cobb's coach on Wednesday night, when near to Ararat, en : route from Pleasant Creek. The account which we. have received of the occur rence is to the effect that when 'the coach was: driving along that portion of the road near Mr Knight's shop, the waggon: of Mr Powell, the Geelong brewer, was seen occupying a position on one side of the highway, near the place indicated. The driver was driving past as usual, but, for some reasons yet unexplained, the man who had charge of the Waggon drew his horses, almost across the road, and in trying to avoid them the coach was run against an embankment and upset. We cannot say how far this may be the correct version af the . affair, as we ! have not heard an account of the oc currence from Mr Powell's man, but we believe it; is the intention of the coach proprietors to take legal proceedings with the view of recovering damages. iTwo- female passengers were severely hurt, one sustained , considerable disfigurement of the face, . and the other had her ankle very badly sprained.— Ararat Advertiser, January, 4. An Invasion of Beetles. — On Friday evening last a singular phenomenon was observed in that portion of the bush which lies about half a mile on the north, side of the new Moyston-road. This phenomenon consisted of a cluster of small beetles, ' which must have covered a circle of nearly a 'quarter of a' mile in diameter, 'and which were evidently bent on migrating to some other locality. The beetles were of that description which has been pointed out to iis as the devourers of all kinds of eucalypti herbage ; they were of a dark brown bronze color that nearly approaches to black, and wero distinguishable only from the, common description of bronze beetle by the differ ence of size and color. The cluster or swarm took very short flights, of not more than fifty yards, but they never remained more than ten seconds on the ground before they resumed their travels. The noise which the insects made was very curious, when rising to fly and flying; it seemed as though a hurricane were playing in the rigging of a ship on that portion of the -. ground over which they passed. Every time the liiass of life rose to con tinue their journey, hundreds' were left behind, apparently disabled in the region of the wings, for, although , they appeared to make many efforts to follow the main body, they evidently were unable to keep a straight course, for they came down again to the ground with a force and eccentric kind of motion that was suggestive of a tailless kite. — Ararat Advertiser, January 8. '..'. MARYBOROUGH AND DUNOLLY. A TICKET-OF-LEAVE HOLDER, JalUOS M'Guko, WHS arrested, at 'Dunolly, on Saturday, for offering spurious metal for sole as gold. ? Post Office Progress.-^— The returns from the post office savings bank, at Maryborough, for the month of December, show: that the deposits havo been £174 13s 6d, and the withdrawals £113 16s 7d. During 1866 the amount of deposits reached £1709 7s, and in the latter half of the year the de posits were much larger than in tho former. The statement is very encouraging, showing ' that the savings of those using the bank have been large during a season of such unusual depression. — M. and JD., Advertiser, January 7. . . FiitES at Maryborough. — Yesterday afternoon the homestead and stneks belonging to a farmer named Wright, who resides on tho Cambrook-roatl, beyond Anscombe's storo, were dostroyed by fire. Tho stacks were of 'hay and wheat, and the owner was enjoying himself at tho Highland Gathering, un conscious of tho loss lie had suffered. A brisk iiro was also burning the previous day in tho ranges bo twoon here and Mosquito, but as tho feed is not high there the spread was easily checked wlion approach ing private property, and no 'damngo was dona' to the residences thereabout. — M. a ul D. Advertiser, January' 2. HAMILTON. Bush-fires havo boon' very destructive in the Hamilton district. Mr Silas Harding, Devon Park, is all but burnt out ; find ,« largo purt of Messrs Arm.ytngo and Fairbnirn's Mount Stuvgooii. run was Also burnt. So extensive was this ike, that uien ?werernot tO|be had at a pound a man to beat it out at night, when if was somewhat checked in its pro gress. The country is burnt for a length of eighteen miles; :. ? '?-?' ? ? : .? :, ?? ??? ? -,' ?.?'.,( ???'. ; Seriows Accident. — A son of Mr Bromley, while out shooting yesterday at Pierepoint, ,in company with a lad at Mr Jacoby's store, met with an acci dent from the accidental' discharge of his gun. It appears that while passing through a brush-fence something caught in the hammer of the gun, causing it to explode, although the piece was not full cocked at the; time. The charge entered the fleshy part of the right arm, about midway between the . shoulder arid elbow,. and passed completely through the ami, considerably' lacerating it. 'His companion, hearing him call out, went to his assistance, arid found him bleeding profusely.' ? He, fortunately, had the pre sence of mind, to bind; the wound and., staunch the blood, otherwise it might have proved fatal, and then went for assistance' from some Germans close by, the lad 'having by this time fainted. A waggon , was procured jfroni the Germans, in winch 'lie was brought to town, and. shortly after attended by Dr. GbveltJ Our latest information states that he is ?progressing favorably, though for' a time it was feared that the' main artery.hadbeen severed, in which case the limb would, have been in .danger.— -Hamilton Spectator, January 2. ; . '' Sun- stroke;— A Dunkeld' correspondent of '_ the Hamilton Spectator cautions parents against allow ing their children to go. out in the sun uncovered:— ' On Thursday,' he writes,, 'when paying a visit to a lady near Moinit Rouse, some of her children gave the alarm that one'of their number had fallen; down while walking' together in the bush, a few hun dred yards from the house. From the way in which the alarm was given, we ran down, thinking spinel accident had' happened.' I got to the lad first. He was lying down, with a smile on his face ; I felt one or two slight pulsations of the heart, but ho died in my arms before I, had carried him ten yards. He was a remarkably fine tall lad for his age, used to a bush life from the time he could walk, arid one of the last to .have been deemed susceptible to sun stroke, of which he certainly died.'? ; ? .WARRNAMBOOL. . : Price of. Reaping. — Mr John Cust, a mile from Warmambool, states that he is now paying reapers from 15s to 16s per acre. ??- '. ? ' '????'?' ? '??'? ? ' . Death of an old Western. — We regret to state that in leaving town on the evening of the races some accidents occurred. Mr Gregg, an old resident near Ajjlansford, was thrown out of - his ; cart, and re ceiveS such severe internal injuries that. he shortly afterwards expired. The deceased was interred in the Hopkins cemetery on Friday last, in the presence of a large number of mourners. — Warmambool Sen tinel, January 3. ; ? : No Bidders.; — There was nobody present, at the Crown land sale advertised to. take place at the Custom House, on Monday, except the land officer and the Government auctioneer, Mr Craig. This was the sale at which the celebrated land on the Pic-nic Lakes was to have been offered, but which was first advertised to be sold at Camperdown. We rather fancy the public were a little confused at the insufficient notice being given of the change in the place of sale. — Warrnambool Sentinel,: Javmaiy H. . Afraid of the Rain. — The weather is rather an anxious subject just now, as th.6 harvest is near, and the farmers are greatly concerned as to the effects of a heavy fall of rain. We think they may rest contented. It is a rare thing to have a flood in Janu ary. Such things have happened, and it is within the range of possibility for a flood to occur again, but there is very little probability. Since our last publication the weather has continued very dry, with great threatenings of rain, but beyond a few drops none has fallen, although we have been in formed that a few miles inland some heavy showers fell, on Saturday, completely filling tho puddle holes in the road. — Warrnambool Examiner, January 8. BELFAST. A New Church. — On Tuesday last the foundation stone of- a new Roman Catholic church was laid at Koroit. The ceremony was performed by his Lord ship Bishop Goold. An eloquent address was deli vered by the Very Rev. Dean Hayes, of Sandhurst, after which a generous offering, amounting to £273, was made towards the completion of the building. — Belfast Gazette, January 3. ??? ? PORTLAND. Sale of, Runs at Portland. — At two p.m., on Monday, the 31st December, at the Custom House, W. A. Moore, Esq., lani officer, sold at auction the pastoral occupation of the Fitzroy River Run, 10,500 acres, at a rental of £30 per annum, at £1 premium, to Mr Malcolm Cameron, Hcywood. The Richmond Rur, of 20,000 acres, rent £40 per annum, nnd the Surrey River Run, area 5000 acres, rent £15 per annum, were sold to Mr Edward Henty. There was no competition, the £1 premium only being charged in addition to the rental. — Guardian. English Thrush Shot.— This morning Mr William Frazor, Percy-street, shot in the tea-tree scrub, to the north of the powder inagaziue, border ing tho swamp, a bird which, on examination, proved to. bo a genuine English thrush. At the distance the character of the bird could not he de termined, but no one can be more sorry, for tke mischance than is Mr Fra'ser himself. Since the bird was shot, and pronounced an English, thrush, Mr Richard Edrich- affirms that for the past two years, in the tea-tree scrub 'in question, he has heard the song occasionally of. one or more English thrashes. There is reason to believe that there is a nest of young ones ntpresout, as the mate of the bird shot carried away, at tho time into the scrub a beakful of f)od. There is a report that many years ago the captain of the Frances Henty liberated several English song birds here that ho brought with him from England. — Portland Guardian, January 3. GIPPS LAND. Much sympathy has been felt for our respected townsman, Mr Wood, in his recent bereavement (says the Gipps Lund Guardian). On Sundny week his oldest little girl was at church' in. her usual health, in tho evening she sickened with scarlet fever, and on Friday died. The Gii-]-s Lund 'Times cautions the public from advancing any monoy on nn order for £;i0, drawn by Mr Lewis, of Hiunonmugeo, upon Mr Pegraves, of Molbourne, nnd endorsed by Mr F. Hutc-hisou, of Sale. Tho order was lost under very suspicious cir cumstances. An old man, known us ' Old 'William,' of tho German restaurant. Wood's Point, has been found dead in his bed, his fneso and head covered with blood, but the bedclothes adjusted composedly. He ! was well off some tiuio ago, but lost tl:i\\-;i{»h r^niujr speculations. ? His death is attributed to syncope. A reverse of fortune- is thus referred to by tho Wood's Point Times: — ' The piper who .played at the Caledonian games, on New Year's day; is one of the best we have ever heard. We were rather sur prised to recognise in him an old and at one time wealthy colonist, and the proprietor of some valuable property in Melbourne. : A. Presbyterian minister, ' named Boddie, for whose apprehension a warrant has been issued by the Eden bench, New South Wales, on the charge of attempting to commit an unnatural offence, was on Monday arrested at Sale by, senior constable Hopkinson, from a description forwarded by tele gram. The Gipps Land Times says, that the rev. offender, when he found himself in the clutche3 of the law, almost fainted in the attempt to realise his position A singular snake stort . was told last year hy Messrs D. M'Lean and Stilby* which was known to be a true one. They had been staying at this twelve-mile restaurant for the night,. and the, landlady ? was dressing a fowl for their supper, but the hen, or rather pullet, had died suddenly the same day. On opening the gizzard she found coiled up inside a whip snake 11£ inches long, measured with a tape-. The guests were as glad as she was astonished at the discovery. If birds are fond of'snakes it would appear that the 'feeling is reciprocal. On Friday last Mr Primrose, of the Florida Reef, went but to Idok for his horse'j and when 'lighting his pipe' under the shade of a tree, noticed something strange sus pended from one oftha branches, arid on a closer in spection saw a black snake six feet long making its g way to the ground. He soon found a stick and de spatched the reptile. Being curious to have a snake skin belt, he proceeded to strip the crawler of his coat, and whilst engaged; in this unenviable process he found in the stomach of: this snakcr-no less than five unfledged little birds, which could not have been swallowed more ihari.half-an-hour. before. — Gipps Land Times, January- 1. ;; RivERiNA.'.'; :;i':;:-:'!:;^:/'-1 A fine raft of red guji timber arrived .at the Echuca wharf, on Tuesday. . ?'„,:'' '2 The Murray is falling fast, and the water is. vcry; much clearer than it has been for some time past; A black snake, four and a-half feet long, has' been killed by a cat in Mr Homan's staDle,7aff Echuca. ?. ? .. , , During the past season not less than 232 depar tures of steamers have taken place from Echuca wharf, while there have been 222 arrivals. ??''... That the members of the Murray River Naviga tion Commission receive £5 per day for inspecting snags, &c;, is contradicted by the Riverine Herald The up train oh Monday night arrived at Echuca' an hour after its time. The engine ran off the line' at Runnymede, which mishap was the cause of the delay. . ? . ':'' Anglers are resuming then1 sport in the Murray, and rod and line are again being brought into re-'. quisition. The Riverine Herald says that some decently-sized fish,have been recently taken. River Navigation. — The navigation of the Mur?- ? ray above Waligunyah is now closed for the season ;. arid between Wahgunyoh and Echuca the handiesfc of the vessels engaged in the trade are now making their last trips. ? A gentleman on the Lachlan requests the River ine Herald to caution persons to be wary in at-' tempting to cross the back country between the Lachlan and the Darling, on which there is now very little water, and any deviation from the tracks may consequently lead to serious results. ? John M'Grath, the unhappy man who recently, made a double attempt at self- destruction, was re manded from Echuca to Moama, on Tuesday, there, to be dealt with. He presented a most pitiable ap pearance, and it was evident that he had not re covered from the mania which drove him to the commission of. the deed. The arrival of the Germans from Adelaide is now beginning to be noticed, several waggon loads of families and household gods having passed through the streets of Chiltern during the past few days, ' en route for Albury, in the neighborhood of which place some hundreds are about to locate. . ? _ Free Selection on. the Murray. — Several of' the selectors who sat down upon Bronooriooma, pn the New South Wales side, have sold their selec-. tions to Mr Hay, the lessee of the run. Only one., conditional purchaser sticks to his land on that sta-' tion. — Pastoral Times, January 5. It is a singular fact (as observed by the .Riverine Herald) that while the fig, the mulberry,, and some other native's of warm climates showed evident signs of the' effects of the heat, by theo drooping and shrivelling of their foliage, the leaves of the poplar, the English oak, and' some other, denizens of the colder regions of Europe have' retained their verdure. ....... ..Jl, 