BURNT TO DEATH. The advices bp the last1 mail informed us of a sad accident. The Arch DucheM: Matilda of Austria, affianced bride of, the (Crown Prince of Italy, was looking out, of, oneof the windows of the Palace at Schonbrunn, when she ac~ ■; / I / i cidentally trod on a common lucifer match, It ignited by the pressure, and as the youthful Archduchess was attired in light;, summer clothing, reaching to - the - ground, she was ; instantly in a blaze. Assistance was soon at hand, but not soon enough to save her life; and thus, through the simple instrumentality of a commonlucifer match, was an Imperial Princess consigned to an early' grave, and the union of the Houses of Savoy and, Hapsburg, Lorraine, sud denly prevented; A London medical journal thus; comments on the said occur rence :— '='■' ' ■ ■ "Surely this aWful and most disastrous event will be the last warning which an improvident and reckless public will require to protect itself against the risks' attending inflammable clothing. Years ago a sure preventive against" such risks was provided for the wearers of light dressess; and they had as certain a safegard in the tung state of soda as the miner has in his Davy lamp.' Yet cases of death from burn ing . are'- as common as ever among wearers of crinoline ; and the newspaper para graph as frequently records the fatal effects of accidental ignition as if chemistry never existed and tungstate of soda were not known. The Government, according to Mr. Walpole, is bound to protect those who cannot'protect themselves'; and in the spirit of this excellent axiom, it should be rendered illegal and punishable to sell articles of wearing apparel which have not been previously made fire-proof by the simple and inexpensive processes always available. Now is the time to legislate. The public mind is in a ripe condition for the enact ment of the most stringent precautions against fatal,accidents from burning; and, the warning which was repeatedly sent , forth, but in vain, through the sad fate of the poor ballet girls who had • ventured too near the foot-lights,_ will surely take effect now, when an auspicious alliance has been set aside by the^most miserable of accidents, and when a lucifer-match has proved even more' adverse to the pacific rela tions of two rival powers than the cannonade of G'ustoza, or the heavy- shotted'broadsides of Lissa." ■ We quite agree with the. generol tenor of the [foregoing remarks, but if it is reasonable arid proper for the Govern ment to make It penal to, sell clothing not, previously rendered fire proof, would it not be equally reasonable and proper to make it penal, to sell matches so easily ignited that ■ they are posi tively, far more dangerous when dropped about jthan i gunpowder itself would be ? The science of chemistry has now been brought to such.perfectioh that a match incapable of igniting by ordinary friction, -could- doubtless•; be , made ,as cheaply as any other, and competition in the i manufacture of safety matches would soon, bring them down to their lowest sale price, if the'othermateheswere interdicted; As to " interference with' trade," the objection is utterly void of .force in the.presence of the fact that every Government in the world is continually interfering with trade, whenever commercial restrictions: aire found to be necessary to health, life, or the' security of property.'' In. this colbny the necessity for, .' puttinga stop to the use of dangerous matches is even more urgent than' in; Europe. ; Even though all female apparel were dipped in tungstate of soda, so as tb enable the fair^sex to: tread upon igni table matches with' impunity, we tcarinot; •saturate out ripe crops and summer pastures with, that cheriiical preparation,; and as they must remain combustible,1 we' might to turn' ouif thoughts to' thei matches. . As we are • about. legislating with reference to: bushfires, the sad deaths of the Archduche^,' '.agaiii illusfratirig the' extreme danger of the, common lucifer,; may'not be without effeet in iridiicing our legislators to baiush tiim .SQiuce of danger; ffom the colony;:; * • . ; 