ACCIDENTS AND OFFENCES. On the afternoon of the 2nd lnst., a young lady —Miss Burges — was riding from Perth to Fre mantie, in company with several friends, on a young horse which proved very restive the greater part of the way down, and at length bolted with its fair rider, when about a mQe and a-half from North Fremantie, and starting off at a furious gallop, dashed over the bridge, nearly coming in collision with a cart which was passing at the time. Miss Burges, with great presence of mind, gathered up the skirt of her riding habit, and threw herself off— not however without severely bruising her face and arm, but without receiving any serious injury. ' At York an aboriginal native has been com mitted for trial at the Supreme Court for the murder of a native woman. A man named Linton died very suddenly on the 3rd inst., on the Swan, it was supposed, from having intentionally taken an overdose of arsenic. At an inquest held on the body, the jury, how ever, returned a verdict of accidental death. A man named Marshall, a ticket- of -leave holder working in a flat on the Swan, was drowned on the evening of the 10th inst, by the swamping of a dingy near North Fremantie Bridge. On the 7th inst. a man named Clark, whilst engaged in stripping the shingles from a store in Cliff-street, Fremantie, hist his footing and fell from the roof, a distance of more than twenty feet. He was severely shaken and bruised. A most destructive fire has occurred on the premises of Captain Fawcett at Pinjarrah Park. All the outhouses, barn, stables, and stores, in which 800 gallons of wine were housed, hay stacks, and carriage, were entirely consumed ; in fact we believe everything except the dwelling honse, which must also have been demolished but for the timely assistance of a large party who were merry-making at Mr. McLarty'a. Captain Fawcett estimates his losses at from £1000 to £1400. The-fire was the act of an incendiary, and a ticket-of-leave holder has been sentenced, upon clear evidence, to ten years' penal servitude for the offence. At the Geraldton Criminal Sessions held on the 6th instant, there were only four cases brought before the Court, two being for aggravated assaults, one for horse-stealing, and one for rob bery of leather. Two probation convicts absconded from a work ing party at the river-side near the bridge at Fremantie on the 16th inst. They have since been captured above Guildford. On Thursday, 28th ultimo, a destructive fire occurred on the premises of Capt. Steere, on the Blackwood Biver. It appears that a bush-fire had been raging around the homestead for some time previously, and some of the burning bush was blown to his stables, which, together with forming implements, a valuable stack of hay, &c.;, were entirely consumed. We regret to hear that Mr. Steere's losses are estimated at more than £400. On Tuesday night, 25th ult., a policeman named Moran, while on his beat in Murray Street, Perth, was most barbarously assaulted by a man named A'Hern, s ticket-of-leave holder. At a late hour in the night Moran was missed by the visiting officer from the beat to which he had I been told off; and after a long search marks of blood and of a scuffle were observed. Meanwhile A'Hern was interrogated in another part of the same street by constable Kennedy, who narrowly escaped a deadly blow made by the prisoner with a heavy paling, which was afterwards^ found stained with blood. Kennedy secured him, and took him to the lock-up. Poor Moran was after wards found about 200 yards from where he most have been assaulted, io * bush, quite ime&V; sible. ' He was carried' to the Hospital, where be lay for a time in a very dangerous state; bnt now he has recovered so far as to be able to leave it. A'Hern has since been fully -oommittsd for trial, A number of ticket-of-leave holders have had their tickets revoked on account of foiling to make their half-yearly returns to the Comptroller General. On ibe afternoon of the 8th inst. there was considerable excitement in the Fremantie Prison, in consequence of the escape of A. B. Johns, alias Hoondvne Joe. From the prisoner's previous career it wm determined, when, some six months ago, he was commuted far robbery, to make him doubly secure. Upon Johns' return to Fremantie Prison he was placed in a cell lined with wood* from which he was only removed once a day, when he took an hour's exercise, under charge of a warder, in a yard where there were no other convicts, and the period for exercise was subsequently increased. The surgeon of the Prison, how ever, reported that Johns* health was suffering, and that he should be more in the open air; and it was therefore decided to employ him dining working hours. The arrangement '?*?*»» was as follows; — Alter all the other convicts had gone to work Johns was brought out to a corner of the Prison yard, where he would be under the immediate and constant supervision of a sentry, as well as of the officer in charge of the chain-gang employed within the wans, both of whom were speoaUy charged with his custodv. Prison officers were also directed to rait him at frequent intervals, and he could not leave certain limits for any purpose unless in custody of an officer. No other eoanct was allowed to approach within nearly 20 yards of his station, even in passing through the yard. Each morning the quantity of stone to be broken was to be wheeled to the place before became out. and the broken metal removed after he was taken in. But instead of the metal being so removed, it wag allowed to nocuranlnte in a heap nearly 4 feet in height by about 8 in length, and reaching quite to the watt, while Johns was permuted to pile up tbe large stones for breaking on the top of tin heap, in the form of the rE***' and sides of an arm-chair, within which he sat. so that an officer standing on the level ground could not see below his waist. Under such circumstances, it was easy for him to break through the soft sandstone of the watt and cover the aperture with large stones. Planting a hammer-handle in an upright position, with a piece of wire, of which he had obtained possession, -bent over the top, to a»i— «r the round of a man's shoulders, and tearing bis Shirt dawn the breast and front of the sleeves, fee, asit were, shelled lumsetfout of it, and txansferred it U- the framework, on the top of which he at tbe same time fixed hie hat. He thus suc ceeded menstruating a perfect dummy of himself, which at even a few yards* distance would pass inspection. The dummy completed, be supped tinough the note into the yard of the Superintendent's house, passed the doors of the kitchen and of the passage from the bouse leading to the kitchen, and went out at the door of theyara openiagto the front of the Prison. It would seem that he tStgot into the valley near the Comptroller-General's house, and flfltjn ppnfrTBtcfl *m*f?^*-:taitty nr beyond the ''^ft^tcii pop tton of the town as to be out of the reach of his prison guardians. Every available man that could be of use was immediately sent, either in pursuit or to guard points where Johns might be cut off; police, warders, pensioners, and even civilians being employed in an exchange of dirties, or to temporary poets, as the case required. Up to the time of our going to press no intelligence has been received of the prisoner's recapture. Considerable neglect is certainly attached to some of the officers of the Prison, although die sentry and warder in charge of tbe chain gang, under whose immediate charge the man was, are acguittedofneglectofduty. After an official inquiry into the matter, it was determined that tbe officers who are to blame will have to pay out of their own pockets— irrespec- tive of losses aocrmng from departmental arrangements— the whole extra expense involved in the pursuit, and, it is to be hoped, capture of the prisoner, this will include wages of supernumeraries, field expenses, horse-hire, and in i*ct all outlay created by this neglect of the Convict Department.— Ingvirer A Commercial Hews, March. 13. A short tune since a prisoner named lossarn was under going punishment in Fremantie prison, confined in a cell, thedoor of which opened inwards. He was not, we believe, at the time considered a 'refractory' prisoaer.orhe would have been placed ih a cell witti tbe door opening outwards ; the object tor such precaution being to prevent prisoners fton; obstructing the ingress and egress of officers. The prison authorities had not, however, anticipated the move ments of ItOBsam, who was enjoying the luxury of his door being left open. He, however, on a certain day, after re ceiving his dinner from an officer, barricaded the door with a table, swinging from the wall, with which the cells are generally provided. On being remonstrated with by the Superintendent and other officers of the prison, he was quite immovable, stating that he had his dinner and a bucket of water, and that he cared for no one, and wouldn't open the door. To effect an entrant* against the will of the prisoner, tbe door, which was of iron and securely propped, would have had to be broken. In this way he remained the greater part of a dag. Soon afterwards the Comptroller General visited the prison. On being told of the obstinacy and singular conduct of the prisoner, he ordered that the door of the ceU should not be broken, but that the prisoner should release himself, oonceiving it improper that the Government should be compelled to find iron doors to be broken at the pleasure of such a man as the prisoner. Meanwhile the medical officer of the prison was communicated with, when the prisoner's case was specially brought before bis notice, fie was reminded that as soon as he considered Lossam's health might begin to suffer by his obstinacy in closing himself in his ceo, and receiving no food, he was immfrimtriy to order the door to be broken, if the prisoner still persisted. It might here be observed that all medical officers in connection with the Convict Department are armed with similar discretion in this respect. If a convict's health is found to be suffering torn too low diet or Insufficiency of ventilation in the cell, when undergoing 'solitary' confinement, he may at once order the prisoner to be treated to the contrary. The time arrived when the medical officer conceived that it was very desirable the door should be opened. This was effected with great difficulty, and instead of finding the prisoner weakly and tractable after his long fast, he was ungrateful enough to invite the warders into the cell, and then threatened he would knock their brains out. He was secured by two warders, who wrested from Mm aMndgeon with which he had armed himself.— Inquirer and Commercial JOeus, March 20. 