* SATURDAY, NOVEMBER IG, 18C7. > Without being amenable to the charge' of being actuated by any undue amount > of ' inquisitiveness, the public may be excused for asking, " What is to be > done 'f when the DUKE comes? What pro ", gramme is to bo observed ; and how > " much longer will it be before tho Eoyal " Commission will be able to give > an. " answer to these queries T The Com- mission have evidently transposed > LONG EELLOW'S idea, " Learn to labour and "f to wait." They are doing all the waiting first, and if they do not alter the whole tenor of their proceedings, they will find, when too late, that there is no time left for those < labours, which should have beon concluded long since. ' It is certainly time that something definite was done, and that people should no longer be kept in suspense. There is an almost un- limited amount of enthusiastic loyalty amongst us, only anxious to develope itself in the right channel, and in the right way, but those whose duty it is .to encourage and direct it remain quiet, and make no sign. Complaints have 'even reached us that iu numerous cases no replies have been received as to whether the memorials which local bodies propose to present to His ROYAL HIGHNESS, and of which copies have been sent to the commission, have or have not been approved by them. Loud also are the murmurs of those to whom has been entrusted the organisa- tion of some of the public rejoicings, at the negligence of the commission in de- laying or declining to fix a time for their several demonstrations. The skeleton programme which has been issued by the Reception Commis- sion is altogether unsatisfactory. It does not please the public, and is sure to be displeasing to the PRINCE. It scatters the Melbourne festivities over the whole time of HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS'S visit, and it scarcely leaves our visitor a moment to pursue the bent of his own inclination, but puts him in lcading strings the whole time. Whether he will remain in them is another question. From our Adelaide telegram which ap- peared yesterday, it seems that when the PRINCE got into the country he dismissed the reporters of the press, evidently desirous of enjoying himself as ho pleased, and "no questions asked." If the commission do not mend their ways, he will be likely to improve on this precedent in "Victoria, and dismiss them before ho goes hito the interior. Ac- cording to the propositions now before the public, Saturday next is to be devoted to the procession up the bay; the following Monday to the state landing and grand entry inte the city; Tuesday to the levee and illuminations ; Wednesday to the Port Phillip Farmers' »Show and the Go VEBNOB'S ball; Thursday is an open day, which will probably be dovoted te athletic sports on the Melbourne Cricket ground ; and Friday to laying the foundation-stone of the new Town-hal and the Corporation Banquet. Nothing is, set down for Saturday, but it is con tcniplated that His ROYAL HIGHNESS shall then start on a tour through tin Western district, including Ballarat anc Geelong, and calling, perhaps, at tin stations of Mr. MOFFATT and Mr. N'EU BLACK. HO is then to spend thret days in Melbourne, during which tinw the Free Banquet and the special race.1 are to take place, the intervals beinf filled up with visits to the various insti tutions. Another three days is to bi devoted to a Northern tour, Echuca Sandhurst, and Castlemaine being thei visited ; and finally His ROYAL HIGH NESS is to spend his last three days ii the colony in Melbourne, during whicl time the Sailors' Home Ball is to bi held. It 'will be seen that this pro gramme makes no provision for th civic fancy drees ball, the Philharmoni and Musical Association concerts, the regatta, nor for state visits to trie opera and the theatres. .There are ¿wo very ol> jectionablo features in thirfaeries of pro- positions. The first, winch we have before alluded to, is the spreading of the Mclbourno festivities over the whole period of the Duke's stay ; and the se- cond is the uncertainty which arises from nothing being definitely fixed. Should such a programme be deter- mined on it will be most annoying to all our country visitors, since unless they eau spend a whole month in town, they can only participate in a small portion of the rejoicings. By far the better plan would he to* have one regular carnival week in Mel- bourne, into which might bo compressed nearly the whole of the festivities ; and, this having been done, business might be again resumed, and the ordinary avocations of life attended to. During this period the pursuit of pleasuie would no doubt reign supreme, and the civil servants, together with etnployêt of every description, might have ample time given them to indulge in the gene- ral rejoicings. In fact, all classes would, to a- greater or less extent, enjoy not only a cessation from labour, but also the various festivities prepared for them. This, however, cannot be the case if the intentions of the Commission arc carried out, because in that case not merely a week's but nearly a month's suspension of business will be necessary, and what should be a pleasure will be turned into' a plague. A week will afford ample time for all the metropolitan1 demonstra- tions, except, perhaps, the Sailors' Home ball, which might be postponed for the - farewell. There is not -the slightest necessity for devoting one whole day of the PRINCE'S time to the athletic spoits. It will bo quite sufficient, if His HOYAL HIGHNESS remains on the * ground for an hour or so. The Free., j Banquet might be going on at the same time, and in the evening a visit could - be paid to the opera or one of the theatres. Then the fancy dress ball, - instead of the banquet, might follow the ^ laying of the foundation-stone of the ' t Town-hall, and the following Saturday I might be occupied with the regatta and the Corporation Banquet., One of the concerts might take place on the night of the grand entry into tho city, and the other peihaps on the night preceding the f Sailois' Home ball. At any rate, there is not the slightest reason why all the chief metropolitan festivities should not be embraced in the first week of the PRINCE'S stay. The whole of the next week might then be spent ia visiting the pnncipal inland towns ' Ballarat, Geelong, Sandhurst, 'andu, Castlemaine; and after that the time s of His ROYAL HIGHNESS should be .entirely at his own disposal. Some such arrangement as this would doubt I lew satisfy all parties, and could not fail to bo agiceable to the PIUNCE. At any rate, what is to bo done should , be done quickly. No more delay can i ' be tolerated. The commission, we be- lieve, are anxious to do their best, but their greatest fault isr vacillation and irresolution;-as witness their conduct with regard to the proposed pontoon and - suspension bridges J over tlíoTSFárra; works which it is most desirable should, be carried out, but which the commis- ' sion, after having approved, have de- clined to pay for. If all the proceed- ings are not fully arranged in ample time, the expense to which the country i will have been put will be little better than wasted, for in such case the greater the enthusiasm the greater will be the confusion. There appeai-s to bo a want of unity in the councils of the commission. They meet and talk and talk, then talk again, and do but little more. If this is to be continued, nothing but irre- trievable disorder can ensue. It would be far better for the commission at' once to appoint some one^_of^their_, number to take in hand and bo responsi- ble for the whole of the arrangements, and for this purpose it would be difficult to select a better man than Mr. VERDON. He might be assisted by two other members of the commission, who with him would thus form an exe- ( cutive committee, whose power should be absolute and whose decision should/ be final. A few mistakes might cer- tainly be made, but at any rate some- , thing definite would be done, and there would be some probability of a well arranged plan for the guidance of the public being speedily determined upon. That the susceptibilities of France should have been wounded by the cic-i cular which Count BISMARCK has ad- dressed to tho diplomatic agents of Piussia at the various foreign courts is not at all surprising. It is a document in which the former contributor to the \ Berlin Punch turns his satirical capa- bilities to the vciy best account, and ' Like a polibli'd razor keen, Wounds with a touch, that's scarcely felt orseen. With sardonic humour he accepts as ' satisfactory the assurances offered by the Empeiors who rule over FRANCE and AUSTRIA, that their interview at Salz- burg had no political significance what- ever, while at the samo time he in- timates to them, in a semi-contemptuous manner, that any interference on their part with the internal affairs of Ger- many would be an act of presumptuous impertinenco, which woidd be immedi- ? ately resented and promptly avenged. The union of Southern with Northern Germany, Count BISMARCK assumes to be inevitable. So far from accelerating the progress of events in this direction, he calmly awaits the arrival of the hour in which tho South will spontaneously confederate itself with the North, hi the meantime, Gare devant ! The irritation which language, of this kind is calculated to produce. in the minds of the French people and of the .French ruler is in-^ telligible enough. It breathes defiance, while the consciousness of power and a sense of superiority underlie the whole. Count BISMARCK not only speaks in the namo of 30,000,000 Germans, but ft« the head of a Government whichV can set 850,000 soldiers in the field. The . pen which has so many bayoneta behind it is a formidable implement. It has wounded the Emperor NAPOLEON deeply. Count BISMAECK announces to liim, in language which is tinged with irony, that Prussia, and not France, is henceforth the arbiter of continental Europe, and that tli'o master of the situa- tion is to be found in the Foreign Office at Berlin, and not in the Palaco of the ?Tuileries. The two Emperors may .concert a scheme of offence or defence just as they choose ; or they may have met in tho Tyrol merely for the purpose \- of shedding their tears in unison over the tragical episode which terminated in the deatli of MAXIMILIAN. The object \- of their interview is quite immaterial to Count BISSIAECK. If it was senti- mental, he approves of it, and pats the two potentates encouragingly on the . shoulder. If it was political and warlike, he is prepared to accept the challenge. One thing he will not tolerate, and that is, any attempt by foreign powers to check the advances which are being made towards the consolidation of Ger- many. Probably he would not object to a hostile demonstration of this kind on the part of Ms French or Austrian neighbours, since the resistance of foreign aggression would supply a prin- ciple of cohesion to the whole of the German states, and would bring forty millions of people under the dominion .of a common sentiment, and band them together by the strongest of all ties, that of union against their in- vaders. It is sufficiently manifest that Count BISMARCK, like the lamented CAVOUH, possesses the gift of foresight. He is sagacious and ho is patient. With great force of character, ho combines that reticence and self-control for the ?want of which the First NAPOLEON committed so many blunders, and was so often betrayed into the indulgence of impotent violence and theatrical fanfa- ronnade. It is truo that the Prussian statesman has been successful, and that mankind worship success by .whomsoever -obtained or howsoever employed. But maldng every allowance for'tho dazzling glamour which surrounds his name on this account, it is impossible, when we come to review the events of the last few years, not to perceive thah he has been actuated by singleness and elevation of purpose, and that, whatever may havo been his personal ambition, the determination to render Germany " great, glorious, and free," lias been paramount in his mind. To that end he has laboured with unswerving per- severance, and so far he has achieved it with amazing rapidity. He has been faithful to an idea, without becoming its slave ; and while he has been uni- formly self-reliant, he has not shown himself heretical to the belief entertained by FEEDUKICK THE GKEAT, that " Pro " vidence always fights on the side of the " heaviest battalions." In labouring for the unification of Germany, he had to encounter much opposition from those who misin- terpreted his motives, and to whom it ?would have been imprudent to re- veal Ids projects, since publicity would have frustrated their fulfilment, by forewarning, and therefore forearm- ing, the power against which ho was preparing to strike a sudden and de- cisive blow. Hence he was often brought into conflict with men and parties who would have sympa- thised with and assisted, instead of .opposing and obstructing him, had his ultimate purpose been made known to them; and hence, also, considerable injustice was done to him by critics who could only judge of his conduct and policy by its temporary scope and immediate consequences, without reference to its larger aims and remoter bearings. While Count Bis HAitcK was suspected of designs hostile to the people of Prussia, and favourable to the increasing power of the Crown while he was quarrelling with the Legis- lature and exhibiting what were sup- posed to be absolutist tendencies-he was in reality maturing his schemes for fusing a multitude of disunited . and often discordant states into one homogeneous and compact nation ; and was steadfastly and systematically preparing to transform a number of little kingdoms and principalities in to a great empire, powerful enough to resist the pressure of Russia on the one hand, and to restrain any attempts at military aggression by France on the other. 'To havo accomplished this with such startling celerity and brilliant success may well exalt the reputation of Count BISMARCK, and excite the jealousy of the astute EMPERO» whom he first check- mated and now defies. As the time for the dissolution approaches, . election rumours begin to assumo a more decided sbnpo. It is pretty certain now that the Hon. T. H. Fellows will resign his seat for the Central Province, and offer himself to the constituency of St. Kilda. We believe -also that we are justified in saying that Mr. O'shanassy will again enter tho Assembly. Villiers and Heytesbury is anxious to secure his services, but it is probable that he will once moro present himself to his old con- stituency-Kilmore. Captain MacMuhon and Mr. Blackwood will again contest West Mel- bourne, and Messrs. Levi and Langton will .do the same for the eastern portion of the city. Mr. Duffy, we understand, will not desert Dalhousie. Mr. Ingles, formerly of the finn of Ingles, Adams, and Gresham, is Likely to stand for Evelyn. For South Bourke, Mr. O'Gradywill again be a candidate, and with him will probably bo associated another can- didate in the Opposition interest. For West Bourke, Messrs. David Masterton and Alex- ander Brock are mentioned in opposition to the sitting members. For Villiers and Heytes- bury, Mr. M'Donnell, barrister, is mentioned ; and possibly a second candidato may bo started in opposition to the Government. For Dundas, Mr. William Learmonth has been .named, but we are not aware whether ho has consented to stand. Mr. Aspinall, wo hear, will again contest Portland. Dr. Heath has issued an elaborate address to the electors of Geelong West, -in which he recapitulates all that tho reporters havo recorded in Hansard of his doings within the walls of the As- sembly since his election two years ago. Two important facts in connexion with the present crisis wero known in England at the time of tho departure of tho mail just received. One of theso was" the preliminary opposition offered to the Lady Darling grant at the long sitting of the Assembly in July, which is mentioned in The Times of Septem- ber 12 by the Melbourne correspondent of that journal. The other was the mock resignation of the Ministry after the first rejection of tho Appropriation ?'Bill of tho Council, which is' announcod in the same journal of September 21, in the form of u telegram, dated " Melbourne, August 27," as follows :-" (From our own Correspondent).-By Telegraph from Gallo, September 10, 7 p.m.-Melbourne, Au gust 27. -The Appropriation Bill has been rejected by1 tho Legislative Council in Melbourne, on the ground of its contain- ing a voto to Lady Darling, Tho Ministry immediately resigned. Mr. Follows and Mr. Fraser, members of the Opposition in the Council, wero successively sent for by the Governor, but neither -was ablo to form a Government. The mail leaves us in grent excitement. Many meetings are being held, and many moro advertised, condemning the proceeding of the Legislativo CounciL" It will be seen that this telegram contains about as many misrepresentations as could well bo crammed into the same number of line». "Itis rumoured," says tho Overland Mail /or India, " that the Queen will confer the honour of knighthood on some of tho leading colonists, in connexion with the visit of the ' Duko of Edinburgh to Australia," Yesterday was by far the hottest day we have had yet this season. A strong hot wind was blowing all day long, and during most of the day the sun was shining brightly in a clear blue sky. Tho thermometer in the shop of Messrs. Kasner and Moss, Collins-street, at three o'clock in the afternoon, stood at 87dcg., which was eight or nine degrees higher than on any other day during the month. The northern wind at times swept up dense clouds of dust, causing great annoyance to passengers in the streets of tho city. During the day several light columns of smoke were seen rising from the western slopes of the Dandenong Ranges, and after nightfall the red light of an extensive bush- fire was visible, covering a large surface of the ranges, and shining by reflection upon the clouds above. ' It may be interesting to many of our readers to know what are tho precise provisions of the Act under cover of which the Govern- ment are at present paying the civil servants and other public creditors. The Crown Remedies and Liabilities Act (28 Victoria, No. '241) provides that (sec. 20) when any person 'lins any claim or demand1 against Her Majesty, ho may fdo a petition setting forth his complaint in tho Supreme Court. In case the matter disclosed iii such petition (sec. 21) would be the ground of an action at law if the same had occurred between subject and subject, a law officer shall, for and on behalf of Her Majesty, pload or demur to such petition. Tho Supreme Comt shall and may (sec. 23) give and pro- nounce such and the like judgment, order, or decree in any such petition as such court ?would give and pronounce in any action or suit between subject and subject. After any such judgment or decree shall havo been givcii or pronounced, the proper officer shall (sec. 24) give to the petitioner a ceitilicate, on îeccipt of which it shall be lawful for the Governor to cause to bo paid out of the consolidated revenue the damages assessed and the costs/ From this it is evident-first, tbat a law officer must '" plead or demur" in suits brought under this act, not confess judgment or allow it to go by default ; and, secondly, that the Court must "give and pronounce judgment," 'which seems to exclude the possibility of getting a veidict in the prothonotary's office. When these two requirements have been met, and only then, is the Governor authorised to cause payment to be made out of the con- solidated revenue. Judgment was signed at the Phothonotory's oflice yesterday in favour of tho following suitors against the Crown :-J. H. Reynolds, ¿EG 4s. ; MTarland and Co,, £298 Cs. 3d. ; G. nestings, £153 7s. 2d. ; Jones and Co., £2,132 Is, 3d. ; John Kempton, £0715s, ; R. Dain- tree, £69 10s. 2d. ; Dougal Cameron, £531 Us. Petitions wero 'filed by tho following : -?Walker 'and Halliday, £2,209 10s. 3d., on contracts ; Box and Molilino, £197 8s. 4d., for harness mountings ; Dugald Cameron, £600 3s. 2d., for supplying pro- visions to the Penal department ; Georgo Young, £212, for works in connexion with Electric Telegraph department; Clarenco Smith, £150 2s,, for surveys performed ; - Nixon, £242 11s. 7d., for provisions supplied to the quarantine station ; A, Dickson, £10 5s., for forage ; P. T. Hancock, £39 10s. 4d., for forage ; JJ. A. Izard, £74 2s. Gd., for coal supplied to various departments, Although no members of the police force have yet sent in their petitions against the Crown, we learn that the forms are now in courso of being filled up throughout the de- partment. Yesterday, 800 petitions from Government employés, principally 'thoso in the Railway department, wero filed at tho prothonotary's oflice. The petitions for the printing department are being prepared ; they aTO, of course, very numerous. In the Old Couit-house yestciday, beforo Mr. Justice Barry, tho last action in the list of that court was tried-that of " Chessdl v. Marlin-the plaintiff a well-known in- habitant of Emerald-hill, tho defendant á magistrate of that place, and brewer in Melbourne. The action was to recover damages for an assault, an illegal arrest, and fake imprisonment. The defenco was that plaintiff committed the first assault. Tho jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, but gavo him as damages only one farthing. This amount of damages in such an action gives the plaintiff no costs from the defendant, un- less the judgo certifies that tho trespasses complained of wero "wilful and malicious," and his Honour íefused so to certify. Tho Chief Commissioner of Insolvent Estates yesterday granted a certificate of discharge to Asher Cruley, who had been in business at Sandridge as an importer, and whoso application had been opposed by the creditors. The Commissioner in giving judg- ment stated that he did not consider any of the objections had been sustained. A caso showing how gas companies some- times enforce their claims was heard at the County Court yesterday. Tho plaintiff was Mr. L. L. Smith, tho proprietor of the Poly- technic-hall, and tho defendants were the Collingwood Gas Company, who wore sued foi the sum of £22 9s. 9d., which, it was asserted, had been wrongfully exacted from the plain- tiff. The facts of tho case wero very simple. Mr. Smith had let tho Polytechnic-hall to Mr, Chapelle, informing the gas company at the same time that he would not hold himself re ponsiblo'for tho payment of the cas which was consumed. Mr. Chapelle becamo insolvent, and tho company thon threatened to cut oQ tho supply, unless thoir bill was paid, toge- ther with a sum which was duo to tho Mel bounio Gas Company by tho Christy Min- strels. Rather than have tho supply of gas stopped, Mr. Smith paid the money, but under .protest, and ho now brought his action to recover the amount. Tho judge gavo a verdict for the plaintiff, subject to several nonsuit points resorved. Mr. Sponsloy an pcored for the plaintiff, and Mr. Newton foi tho defendants. At the Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court yesterday, a good deal of time was occupied in hearing a chargo of perjury against William Miscamble. It was stated in evidence that in the month of September, 1866, the prisoner sold to a blacksmith named Cockrell, residing at Yea, the third of a tenth share in the No. 2 North Lucky Reef Company, for the sum of £15. Afterwards, however, when the shares became more valu- able, he denied that he had made any such sale to Cockrell, and went so far as to take legal proceedings against the latter for forging his name to the transfer. He swore in the police court that he had never signed the document; but Cockrell was discharged by the Bench, and steps taken to have Miscamble prosecuted for perjury. Cock rell yesterday swore that the signature was the prisoner's, and as it corrosponded with that attached to another document which he confessed he had written, the jury gave credence to the witness's statement, and found the prisoner " Guilty." He was sentenced to eighteenmonths' hard labour on the roads of the colony. At the City Court yesterday. William Ftancis Fotheringham, butcher, Ballarat, was charged with perjury, he having wilfully made a false declaration under the Statute of Evidence. The particulars of the case afford another ample illustration of the legal difficulties attending the sustainmont of the right of title, as weU as tho secondary consideration of security of tenure among the wandering section of our population. In April, 1854, William Fotheringham pur- chased, at a Government land sale, at Geelong, two allotments, numbered 71 and 72, in the parish of Wabdallah. Fothering- ham obtained and paid both for the grants and land at the treasury, Geelong. Eo like- wise signed the necessary legal documents. Fotheringham had resided at Ballarat from the close of 1852 until 1850 ; but in 1859 ho emigrated' to New Zealand, and appa íently drifted out of recollection in the helter-skelter nish of diggers which set' in about that period. About the 30th of Decem- ber, 1854, an advertisement appeared in the. Ballarat Star, inquiring for particulars re- specting William Fotheringham ; answers to bo addressed to Mr. Alex, M'Donald, sur- veyor, Geelong, After a while the advertise- ment was answered by William Francis Fotheringham. A correspondence was com- menced, and a subsequent personal interview took iilace between M'Donald and W.'F. Fotheringham. Fotheringham represented himself to M'Donald as the bona fide purchaser of allotments 71 and 72 in the parish of Wabdallah, but acknowledged his' entire ignorance of the local situ- ation of tho land., M'Donald subse- quently pointed him ' out the land, and was authorised by the latter to dispose of the land by sale. The necessary notice to the ic gistrar of titles having been given, the land was afterwards disposed of at the rate of £2 10s. per acre, although several remunerative offers had previously been rejected by Fother- ingham. A few months ago the actual grantee, William Fotheringham, returned from New Zealand, but found his property alienated by certificated titles. Tho Bench committed William' Francis Fotheringham to take his trial, bail being admitted in one çtirety of £200, or two sureties in £100 each. ,Tlic Crown prosecutor yesterday notified that it was not his intention to proceed with the cases against Frederick Pearce and Peter Mavcr, who weto recently committed by the City Bench on charges of perjury. The trial of the charge of murder against II i chard Bellcmey was yesteiday appointed by his Honour Mr. Justice Williams to take place on Wednesday. On Tuesday, the day which was pieviously fixed, the Rokewood murder case will come befoie the Couit. Hugh Gemmell and William Johnston were yesterday f¡ned~£L Is. each, for non attendance at the criminal sessions as jury- men '. 'A case of some inteiest, as determining the liability of biters of horses for the purpose of following tho hounds, for injuries sus- tained by the animal, was tried yesterday in the Supreme,Court, before the Chief Jus- tice andr a'special jury. A livery-stable keeper, named Wright, sued Lieutenant Sy- monds, of the 14th Regiment, to recover the valuo of a horse, known, as Snyder, and which the défendant had ridd.cn to the hounds on the 13th Juno last. Mr. Wright allowed Lieut. Symonds to havo the horse for the day for £3. The animal was first ridden to the trysting- placo, at tho Huntei 's Best, and was* then subjected to a ran of sixty or seven ty miles after kangaroos. On returning, Snyder waa found to he knocked up, and he was left behind at a public-house, thirteen miles from town, Bie died two or three days afterwards from the effects of the over-exeition. Thcrowas no evidenco to show that the defendant had ridden hard to the meet beyond the fact that the horse, on arrival thcic, was seen to be sweating freely, which some of the witnesses ascribed to his want of condition ; nor was it shown that Lieut. ' Symonds had takon him over other fences than those that lay directly, in his road. A verdict was returned for tho defendant. Dr. Youl held an inquest at the Melbourne Tlospital yesterday, on the body of John Wilson, who died in the hospital on the 13th inst. Ed wai d J. Hayes, soap-boiler, deposed -I knew deceased, John Wilson. Ifo was twenty-eight years . of age. lie was a single man, and followed the occupation of a groom. Ile was in the employment of Mr. Sutliffc, at Kensington. About eight o'clock on the morning of the 11th inst. I saw deceased. Ile was in bed in his room. He complained of pain in the stomach, no said he had como home about midnight, that he went to givo tho horse some water, and had received a kick in tho belly. I know tho horse ; it is a very quiet animal. I never knew deccasodto be drunk. Deceased was alone in the stable. I at once sent for Dr. Gibson. When Dr. Gibson arrived ho recommended the imme- diate removal of deceased to the hospital. I conveyed him to the hospital. Thcrowas no mark of injury on deceased when I biought him to the hospital; but ho com- plained of great pain. I havo made inquiries at an hotel in Hotham, and learned that de- ceased left the house quite sober a little before midnight^ Mr. Henry W. Maunsoll made a posl-mortcyn examination of the body, and said that death had been caused by injury to the organs of tho abdomen, the lesult of extenial violence. The jury ro turned a verdict of "Accidental death." Mr. Candler held an inquiry at South Brighton yesterday into the origin of a fire, which consumed the premises of James Keir on the morning of the 2nd inst. James Keir deposed,-I am a market-gardener. The building destroyed by fire on the 2nd inst. was my property. It consisted of a weather- board cottago, which had been occupied by Frank Andrews, my servant. Andrews was not sleeping there at the time the fire occurred. I left home betweon one and two o'clock on the morning of the fire, with a load of vegetables for Mel- bourne. I was in the cottage between seven and eight o'clock on the previous evening. I had not been smoking. There was nothing in the cottage likely to take fne. There was some hay, chaff, garden seeds, and a chaff cutting-machine. These articles were destroyed. I have no reason to believe the premises could have caught fore accidentally. I believe they must have been set on fire. The cottage was not insured. I have no reason to believe that any person would wilfully injure me by firing my place, It is possible some traveller went into the cottage, lighted a match, and accidentally set fire to the place. A verdict of "Accidentally burned" was returned. About ten o'clock last evening, a girl named Pocock, about thirteen years of age, received a severo llcsh wound in the forohoad from collision with a furiously-driven butcher's cart, while endeavouring to cross from Iiittlo Collins-street to tho Eastern Market. Tho injury was not deemed of sufll cient conséquence to justify her removal to the hospital. The splendid illuminations at the town hall, in Swanston-street, are, wo learn, to bo I paitiahy lit to-night. The sittings of the Presbyterian Church General Assembly were occupied for somo time yesterday with the resumed hearing of the complaint made by the Rev. I. Hetherington (clork of tho assembly) against the Rev. W. Smyth and tho Presbytery of I Ballarat, arising out of the circumstance of tho Rev. Mr. Smyth having served him with a County Court summons for the recovery of a sum ho had deducted from that minister's stipend to pay certain roteB directed by the assembly. Tho assembly, without applying itself to the settlement of the question as to tho right of the clerk to make such deductions from ministers' stipends, adopted, a resolution sustaining the com- plaint, sympathising with the Hov. Mr. Hetherington, and affirming that the courts of the church ought to have been resorted to before the aid of tho civil law wa? invoked. Tlie sittings of the assembly will be resumed on Monday ovening. Tho annual meeting of the Religious Tract Society of Victoria was held yesterday, the Bishop of Melbourne presiding. Fioin the report it appeared that* the operations of ? the society continued to extend, and that during the past year publications to tho value of £2,484 9s. 3d. wero disposed of. Tho annual tea meeting in connexion with St. Stephen's Church, Richmond, was held last night in the schoolroom. Thero were about 600 persons present. After tea, a public meeting was held, at which the Bishop of Melbourne presided. Some brief intro- ductory remarks having been made by the bishop, Mr. Septimus Martin, one of tho chuTchwaidens, addressed the meeting, re- minding them that the debt of £224 on the chinch, incurred in tho construction of the north aisle in 18G7 still existed, and urging the members of the congregation to make in- creased efforts for its liquidation. He also mentioned that the work of the parish was becoming too great for the minister, Mr. Perks, who had occupied the position of pastor for sixteen years, with ono slight inteival. It was absolutely necessary that a permanent visitor should be appointed to assist him, and the matter would be brought forward at tho next vestry meoting. Mr. Martin further stated that there were no moic seats at tho disposal of tho church- wardens, although many applications had been made, and it would bo necessary cither to extend the present building, or take steps to establish another church - in tho dis- trict. Tho Rev. C. T. Perks next addressed the meeting, directing his remarks princi- pally to the condition of the schools belong- ing to the church. The children attending the day-school now numbered 700, and the attendance at the Sunday-school was about 850\. While the number of scholars was satis- factory, more assistance was required in the ( shape of Sunday-school teachers-a deficiency which he trusted the parishioners would supply. Several other addresses wore deli- vered, and during the ovening thero were musical peiformances by the members of the choir and their fiiends. Mr. David Leo presided at the pinnofoite. It may not be out of place once more to call thespecialattentionof intending competi- tors in theforthcoming Victorian îogatta, that all entries must be made this evening, at Carton's Hotel, between the hours of seven and ten o'clock. The colours under which the valions boats aie to sail, and also the uniforms to bo worn on the occasion, must also bo notified. The Albion Turf Subscription-room will be open on Monday evening, on the occasion of declining the weights for the handicaps to bo inn for on the " Duke's day." Thoro was no meeting last night. i The long-delayed first match of the season on the Melbourne Cricket-ground is to take place to-day, when a game will be played between tho first elevens of the Metropolitan and East Melbounio Clubs-wickets to be pitched punctually at one o'clock. It has been decided to make no charge\for admis- sion lo the ground on this occasion,' as it is the opening match of tho season. . The Mel- bourne Club will be represented by Messrs. "Wills, Conway, Cameron, Fowler, Bennett, R. W. Wardill, B. Wardill, Robertson, Baker, Kelly, Plummer (emergency, Simmonds) ; unipiic, Mr. Hardcastle ; scorer, Mr, Hip well. On the Richmond giound a match will be commenced between the Richmond Cricket Club and fourteen of South Yarra, the Rich- mond team to consist of Mortimer, Gibson, Simmonds, Donahoo, Ashton, Hall, Gillow, li. Johnson, Cotter, King, and Wood. The second elevens of the same clubs play at South Yana, and the Richmond second cloven will be Wilmoth, Madden, Edwards, R. G. Johnson, Bedggood, Dalrymple, Downer, Isaacs, Flock- hart, Purser, Bond, Carr, and W. Johnson. The first elevens of the South Melbourne Club play a match with the first eleven of tho Prince of Wales, on the ground of the latter, and the second eleven of South Melbourne will contest a game with the fast cloven of Pentridge, on the South Melbourne ground. Tho following ?« illrcprcse'ntSouth Melbourne: -1st eleven-N. Osborne (captain), Allen, Alex. Blown, Danby, T. Foote, R. Foote, Gray, Heather, Hunter, M'Clure, and Wheat Icy. 2nd eleven- Fishlcy (captain), Aitkin, Blown, Baker, Bignell, C. Chessell, J. Ches- son, C. Crooke, Mackillop, Madden, W. Osborne, Wallace. We are informed that the Volunteer En- gineers have already taken some steps with a view to urge Colonel Anderson to allow them to throw a pontoon bridge across tho Yarra, for the day of tho Prince-Duke's entry, in oi der to save the crush of traffic across the river. Pending the adoption of wiser counsels by tho Reception Commission, tho idea is worth cnteitaining. If carried out, tho ex- penso need not be any sum worth considering, hut the bridge will not do for vehicles. Thorc is still time for the Commission to ordor the suspension bridge, which will be sorely needed on the gi cat day. The Town-ball, St. Kilda, was again crowded to excess on Thursday evoning, on the occasion of the third of tho popular en- tertainments. The programme provided by the committee gavo piomise of a very plea- sant evening, and althougb tho chairman (Mr. S. P. Lord) had to perform tho ungra- cious duty of an apologist twice, tho large audience were veiy indulgent, and frequently loud in the expression of their approval. Mr. Staab, who had been announced for a pianofoito duet with one of his pupils, de- clined to play after the pTogrammo was published, a disappointment which tho chair- man said would make the committeo adhere moro rigidly to their original intention of refraining from professional assistance. The announcement mado by the honorary treasurer, that a sum of £13 14s. had been handed over to the St. Kilda Ladies' Benevo- lent Society, was received with applaus», that sum being the net proceeds of tho two former entertainments after deducting all prelimi- nary and incidental exponscs. In conse- quence of the sudden indisposition of ono of the lady amateurs, tho brunt of tho reading portion of the entertainment had to bo borne by Mr. James Smith ; while the music, which upon the whole was scarcely equal to former performances, was admirably supplemented by some choice part songs by members of the St. Kilda Glee and Madrigal Society, At tho Geelong Police Court yesterday, Daniel Coongan and William Lamon were summoned, under the 10th clauso of the Police Offences Statute, for blasting within .the town boundary without possessing autho- rity. Constable Carioll stated, that he was on duty in Uuflin's-lano when ho heard a report of gunpowder. On proceeding to tho spot ho saw the two defendants in a small quarry, from whenco smoko was ascending, a blast having just taken place. Corroborativo evi- dence was given, and it being stated that the inhabitants were in danger from the fre- quency of the explosions, tho Bench fined each. of the defendants 10s. and 5s. costs. At the same court, Nathaniol Howard was fined in the mitigated penalty of 5s. and coste for furious driving in tho public streets, tho Bench in- timating their intention in future of enforc- ing the full penalty of the act in all cases proven. Two lunatics were brought before the Bench, and remanded till next Monday for examination. Tho following paragraph appears in the Liverpool Courier of August 31 :-" Mr. Clarke Aspinall was, on Thursday, unani- mously elected by the town council oorouer for tho borough of Liverpool, in place of the late Mr. P. P. Curry, who has held the posi- tion upwards of thirty years. There wore several candidates, but the claims of the gen 1 tlenian selected appeared to bo so great com- pared with those of his oppononts, that no division took' place, and ovory one appeared to acquiesce in the selection." The gentle- man alluded to is brother of Mr. B. C. Aspinall, M.L.A. \- In a recent issue wo noticed a case of imposition by which a Mrs. Wise, residing near Buninyong, was victimised to the ex- tent of about £18, "by a woman dressed after the fashioir of a lady of some posi- tion." The "lady" represented that her buggy bad been driven away without her," and sho was in a difficulty as to reach- ing her destination. The swindle was dex- terously played out by the presence of her ' ' lillie boy, " who appeared in a perfect quiver of geographical uncertainty. We may ap- prise the charitably-inclined that this "woman dressed after the fashion of a lady of some position " has reached Melbourne, and has already succeeded in obtaining several loans, to be repaid as soon as she recovers the lost path of her dovious wander- ings. A decided novelty in electioneering cor- respondence has found its way into the columns of a journal published in the district (Kilmore) represented by Mr. Ireland. It appears that ten of the electors-at least seven of whom bear nibernian names addressed tho following letter to Mr. Ireland : "Sir,-Wc, tho undersigned members of your election committee or electors who gave you an active support at the last election, think it our duty to give you early notice that it is not desirable you should becomo a candidate for Kilmore at the general election. We feel persuaded that you would not bo supported on tho present occasion by the voters to whom you owe your return, and we wish you to be aware of this fact while' theio is time to seek another constituency. Wo invited you here and secured your elec- tion in a manner creditable to you and to us, and we wish our connexion to terminate as honourably as it began. Wo have the honour to bo, sir, your obedient ser- vants." To tliis epistle Mr. Ireland made tho following equally characteristic re- ply :- " Temple-court, Melbourne, 7th Nov. Sir,-I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of a communication, without date, signed by ten electors of the electoral district of Kilmore,, which came to hand yesterday. In reply, I desire to inform you that the ad vico which, unsolicited, you have been so considerate as to offer me shall, when the proper time arrives, receive duo attention. I havo to add that I regret you should have como to a resolution to discontinue the sup poi t which you felt it expedient to accord to mc on the occasion of a former election.-I have the honour lo be your obedient servant, R. D. IRELAND." By the Southern Cross, which arrived from Tasmania yesterday, came Mr. Ramsbottom, whose connexion with the famous salmon ova and trout experiment is so well known. He has again signalised himself by bringing with bim a quantity of live ¡trout fry from New Norfolk, which will bo immediately put in the place prepared for them in the Royal-park. Wo may at tho samo time hopo that prompt measures will bo taken by the Acclimatisation Society of Vic- toria that the trout will not share the fate of the gouramier from Mauritius. Our Hobart Town files aro to the 13th inst. We observe that the Customs revenue had somewhat improved during the month of October. Tho amount realised was £10,393, of which £G,45G was collected at Hobart Town, and £3,940 at Launceston. The death of Captain Horton, of Somercotes, near Ross -a very old colonist, and tho founder of Hor- ton College-is reported. Four young men had been drowned in the Derwent by the upsetting of an overloaded dingy. The London Australian Oa-.elta of the 31st August publishes the following :-" Mr George S. Nottage, the treasurer of the fund íaiscdfor tho benefit of King, the coxswain of the boat saved horn tho loss of tho steam ship London eaily last year, has made tho following report of the manner in which he has discharged his charitable trust :-' It may be gratifying to those who so generously re- sponded to an appeal I made some time since on behalf of the Bailor (John King) to whose courage and skill were mainly duo the prcser vation of those who were saved from this ill-fated vessel, to know that he was enabled to reach Australia, with suitable outfit, &c;, bj tho means provided by their liberality. An unappropriated balance, with interest, ol £08 4s. was left in my hands on his departure, Since then he has applied to me for this amount, to purchase a largo fishing-boat, apparatus, tackle, &c;, having found excellent fishing-grounds, whore ho could emploj "darkies" at very low wages. Knowing the number of affectionate friends by whom "Jack" is immediately surrounded on the receigt of any sum of money, and that theil affection is not simply confined to his person, Iinstiucted my agents in Australia to pur' chase the vessel and all its appurtenances, and hand them over to him. This I am advised they have dono, and ontirely to his satisfac tion, handing to him a balance in moncj which remained. I have thus executed m j small trust, to tho satisfaction, I hope, ol thoso who so generously contributed to the îclicf of a brave seaman, and who have thru enabled him to obtain an honest livelihood ii: a manner congenial with his habits and pur suits,' " We have already noticed in favour able terms Mr. Thatcher's panoramic ant musical entertainment, "Life on the Gold fields," as it was produced at rehearsal ir Melbourne. Of course it had then certair faults of crudity and minor errors in judg ment, which we did not caro to mention believing they would be correctod. The; have, we are informed, been collected, am mony improvements made ; and since on: notice Mr. Thatcher has appeared with grea applause in the Bendigo district, which, a well as nearly every other gold- field in tin colony, was once what the Californian: call his "old stamping ground." Ho ii to appear for the first timo before r Melbourne public to- night, at tho Poly technic-hall, and it will thon bo knowr thoroughly what sort of addition he ha! mado to our stock of ovening entertain ments. The " House on the Bridge," and the farci of tho "Duke's Arrival," wcro repeated las night at the Haymarket Theatre. To-nigh Madame Celeste's benefit will take place. I is gratifying to find that all inanageria rivalries can be put asido on occasions lik< the present. As a general nile, members o the theatrical profession aro noted for thei willingness to help each other, and we ar lejoiced to find that no exception has bcci ni ade hi this instance. N early all tho leadini members of tho Thcatro Royal Company ha vi volunteered their services on tho occasion o Madamo Celeste's benefit, and their presonci upon the Haymarket boards will bo a creditable to the theatrical profession as it i complimentary to the lady who will on tha occasion takeherleaveof tho Melbournopublic i Tho "bill" is a largo one, and comprohendi many attractions. In tho first place, the Mayo; of Mclbourno has consented lo patroniso thi performances ¡ secondly, the Japanese troupe who arrived in tho colonies a few days back will bo present, and as Japaneso ladies an somewhat scarco in Victoria, they will doubt less be objects of interest to tho public. Ir the third place, Mr. B. C. Aspinall will read i valedictory address to Madamo Cclosto. Thi performances will consist of the drama o: "Madeline," with Madame Celeste in tin leading character ; tho second and third acti of the "Green Bushes;" a song by littb Johnny Gourlay ; and some selected scones from the "School for Scandal." Probably tho piece was never better cast in the colonies. Miss Cleveland plays Lady Teazle, Mr. Lambert Sir Peter Teazle, Mr. Vincent Joseph Surface, and Mr. Hoskins Charles Surface. The "Jealous Wife, " and the performances of the Martinctti Troupe, were repeated at Hie Theatre Royal last nitrht. This ovening an entirely now programme is announced. The Martinettis give a new ballet, and Mr. and Mrs. Hall will appear in the burlesquo "111 Treated II Trovatoie." A new panto- mimic hallet-" The Magician's Gift " -is also announced. , We observe that post-office savings banks will bo opened at St. Arnaud nnd Scarsdale on the 18th of November, and a monoy ordcr oflice at Baringhup. It will be noticed that tho train which has hitherto started from tho Roach station, Brighton, for Melbourne at five minutes past eight p.m. will to-day start at thirty-fivo minutes past eight p.m. The monthly meeting of the East Mel- bourne Rifle and Carbine Chib takes place to-day, at tho Sandridge butts, when tho fifth competition for the Challenge Cup will bo held. Firing will commence at one o'clock, on account of the review to be held at five o'clock nt Ernerald-hill. The weekly abstract of births and deaths for Melbourne and the suburbs, for the week ending on the 9th inst, shows 121 births and 3!) deaths. In North Melbourne thero wero 47 incidents of the former class, and only 4 of the latter. In South Melbourne the bhths and deaths were equal-13. The numbers in Collingwood were 14 to 7 ; in Emerald-hill, 12 to 7 ; in Sandridge, 7 to 0 ; and in Wil- liamstown, 5 to 0. 3rrom tho commencement of the present year to the lastdoyof September, 3,050 persona of all ages ai rived in the colony under the im- migration regulations of July, 1865. Of these 887 wero from England and Wales, 223 from Scotland, and 1,040 from Ireland. Wo also notice that in the month of September last 2,141 persons arrived in the colony by sea, and 1,008 departed from it, also by sea. Tho final match at bowls on the ground of the Melbourne Club, WindsorStation- Preii dent v. Vice-president-will bo played this af- ternoon. Sides will be belectcd from members on the green at three o'clock. After the match a general meeting will be held, to recuive a report and balance-sheet, elect officers for ensuing year, and other business. The opi- nion of the club will be taken as to tho pro- priety of inviting tho Duko of Edinburgh and the Governor lo a game of bowls on the green of the parent club of tho colony. Special services arc to bo conducted to- morrow in connexion with the meeting of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church. The morning and evening survices will take place in the Scots'Church, Collins street ; and an afternoon service in St. Gcoigu's-hull, by the Rev. J. Oswald Dykesi A public meeting will also be held in tho Scots' Church on Monday evening, to be pre- sided over by the moderator, and at which addresses will bo delivered by Mr. Dykes, and several membeis of the Assembly. Mr. R. L, M. Kitto, formerly mining sur- veyor at Forest Creek, and. who is now in longland on leave of absence, has sent us a copy of a pamphlet written- by bim, and published by Mr. Effingham Wilson, of London, on "The Gold-fields of Victorio." His object is to show that they present an immense opening for the safe investment of English capital, Mr. Kitto's main object in proceeding to England was to bring' our gold-lields under the notice of capitalists theie, and we trust he will succeed in induc- ing them to invest some of their unemployed funds in developing the auriferous leads and leefs of this colony. At the weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, the superintendent made tho following leturn :-Number of inmates in tho ihome as reported last week, 290 ; admitted since, 47; persons who havo received out-door relief, 513, or 132 families ; total relieved, 850\. Discharged from the home during tho week, 58 ; total at present remaining, 279. Number of women in the laundiy, 10 ; number of mon oakum-picking, 2G;, number of m'en stonebreaking, 5 ; number of men working outside, 6. The following subscrip- tions wero received during tho week :-J. Adamson, £1 ; Dickson and Williams, £1 ; J. Harris, 10s. Od. ; M. A. H., 5s. The follow- ing presents have been promised, viz. :-A quantity of groceries, &c;, by Fanning and Nankivell ; and a box of soap by the Hobson's' Bay Soap and Candle Company. The following reward« havo boon paid from the Police Rewaid Fund in the course of the week :-" To Sergeant first-class Thomas 11, Summerhayes (1,520), at Melbourne, £3 in acknowledgement of his servico in the arrest and prosecution of Elijah Trusty and Richard Sutcliffe, sentenced to twelve months eacli for stealing from a dwelling. To Sergeant first-class Thomas li. Summerhayes (1,520), at Melbourne, £3, for the arrest and pro- secution of Fiancis Miller, .sentenced to two and three years respectively on two separato chaigcs of stealing Irom a dwelling, and of John Williams, sentenced to two years and six months on similar charges ; to Sergeant Thomas n, Summerhayes (1,520), £3, and to Constables .Tames Kenny (1,359), James Mor- rison (1,414), and James nogan (2,008), at Melbourne, £1 10s. each for tho arrest and piosccution of William Francis, William Snedding, and Samuel Johnston, sent to the reformatoiy for three yeais for larceny." The petty thefts recorded in the Police Gazette of this week aro as follow:-Stolen fiom tho porson of James C, Warren, on tho Flemington Racecourse, on the night of tho 31st ult., an English gold hunting watch, and a plain gold scarf-ring, with small knobs round the insido ; from John M'Glynn, in Flinders-street, on the 8th inst., £1 odd, a low-crowned black hat, and led scarf; from Robert Sage, at the Varieties, Bourke-street, on the night of the 1st inst,, a silver open faced English lever watch, small -gold iii op chain, with oval locket attached containing two likenesses, a pair of gold tongs, and part of a gold shovel ; from Paul Maguire, in Mel bouino, on the 10th inst., agoid open-faced verge watch, with initials of maker's name "G.S.C.R.," and steel Albert chain; from James E. Bailey, on the night of the 1st inst., a white cameo breast-pin with woman's hoad surrounded by black enamel, and a gold Albeit chain with crossbar surrounded hy a spiral gold thread ; from Benjamin Simmons, near the Fountain Inn, Sandridge-road, on the 10th inst., a brass pocket compass ; from David Craig, Spanish Restaurant, Bourke street, on the night of the Gth insfc., a new brown leuthcr purse, containing £16 10s._ in note3 and gold ; fiom the dwelling of Eliza- beth Johnston, near Spring-street, a square colonial-gold locket, chased shield, two like- nesses inside, small gold necklet attachod ; fiom the hut of Robert Dobeniali, Molbourne load, near Heidelberg, on the 5th inst., an open-faced silver watch, a new dark tweed sac coat, a pair of tweed trousers, a new Crimean shiit, and a black billycock hat, aJs'o a pair of dark striped tweed trousers, and a light tweed coat ; from John Griffin, Star Hotel, Prahran, alargo rod-and black table cover, and a large anti-macassar ; from the dwelling of Thomas Bates, Swan ston-street, on the 8th inst., lOJft. square of Brussels drab chintz-pattern carpet ; from the fowlhouso of Win, n. Rooke, Hazel- wood-terrace, Emerald-hill, before daylight on the Gth inst., a cochin hen, two black hens with topknots, a grey,» a black-and white, and speckled hen ; from Captain John G. Mattlueson, Poit Phillip Club Hotul, on the 6th inst., a largo black-aud-tau collie dog, name " Sam," hind quarters slightly mangy, collar engraved " Captain J. G. Matthicson, Bengal Army." The collector of tho Benovolent Asylum beg to acknowledge one hogshead of Ale from tho Carlton Brewery, one box ot raisins and ono box of currants from Messrs. M'Clure, Valentino, and Co., one caso of port wino from Mr. Adam Pendrick ; also, for tho fund for the purchase of a piano, Mr. B. 2s. Od. and Mr. A. 2a. Gd. The committco of tho Benovolont Asylum acknowledge tho foUowing contributions in aid of tho uanquot to bo givon to tho inmates on the occasion of the visit of U.R.II. tho Duke of Edinbuigh-Timoor for erecting a largo marquco from Messrs. W. Smith and Co,, a baron of beef from Mr. J, Kerr, £1 Is. from Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckott, and Co., £1 Is. from Mr. J. Carson, 10s. from Mr. E. Ashley, and 10s. from Mr. Stevenson. Tho treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital acknowledßcs tho receipt from the Rev. W. P. Wells of £21 3s. 10d., being amount of col- lections from Wcsleyan churches in tho St. Kilda circuit. 