INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. By the Hannah Nicholson we have received Mel bourne journals to the 19tb ultimo, and by the Over land Mail to the 26th. From Adelaide our dates are one day later. In the list of projected departures in the Argus of that date the Alexandra was an nounced to sail from Melbourne for this colony. We have given below the most iatej-esting items of news SYDNEY'. A conspiracy amongst the prisoners at Darling uuipv g«u, mj uioiv up a portion ot tne wall and buildings and escape, had been discovered. The Privy Council had assigned the Solicitor of the Treasury as counsel for Bertrand in the appeal case, which was to be heard about 24th Jan. Bnshranging in New South Wales was as rife as ever. A very formidable gang, headedby a man named Clarke, had killed a body of four police constables, particulars of wbich we give elsewhere. They had einee stopped the Araluen coach near Reidsdalc, and plundered the passengers of all their cash ; they had also attacked the cold escort, near Braidwood. A very extensive fire had occurred in George Street, at the stores ot Mr. Marks, destroying pro perty to tbe value of £20,000 VICTORIA. A comet has been had been seen near Beachworth. It appeared in the form of a large star, with an extraordinarily large tail, pointing upwards, aud was in the vicinity of the planet Mars. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The Government were calling for tenders to select a site for the settlement at the Northern Territory uu me i u-iwui luiH. a. umipewob party was to proceed thither per government schooner Flinders. The police force is rapidly becoming disorganised, owing to the general feeling of dissatisfaction existing amongst the men. It is stated that Chief-Inspector Hamilton is about to resign, end that his resignation will be followed by those of a large number of the mounted police. Heavy bushfires were ranging in the Mouul Gambier district, causing great destruction of pro perty. In some quarters the grain was shrivelled by the intense heat from the fire. A sale of 10,000 bushels of wheat was held on the 23rd January, at 4s. 2cL, and a small quantity of Stevens' flour was disposed of at £10 7s. 6d. The Glcnaros had been chartered to take 990 tons of wheat in Tjonrimi. nnrl a itAaem%m nf fliA *-a*-\% Tn_ says that several purchasers for England were in the market. One sale of 10,000 bushels is said to have taken place on that day at 4s. 4d. Four vessels were loading wheat for Sydney, and tw* vessels take breadstnfis to Western Australia. It was expected that the Glenaros and Arab Steed would race home with their wheat. The Railway stations were glutted with wheat, and the newspapers urge upon the Government the necessity of running trains all night, as the present rolling stock is insufficient to move it away in the day time. A writer in theBegister recommends tbe shipment j oi breadstuffe to the Brazils es a profitable market exists there. Mr: Xhum, die miller, says he intends : trying the Indian market mth his flour. ' ' ' * The Agent-General at.I*mdon has purchased seve ral Wiutworth cannon and a nnmber of Snider rifles for the colony. ? ? ? The weatlier in Adelaide had been intensely hot. j The thermometer had stood at 113deg. in the shade. Several fatal con-strokes had occurred. ? T^JtC^er ^PU with the N°rfcnern Territory expedition from Adam Bay is now daily expected. A man nameS Anderson is now engaged In AOe* ^fenytrtonnag the feat of .walBngXoOO lailes 10 1,000 hours. .'.::.; A terrible bush fire in the South-Eastern district; bas destroyed 12,000 bushels of wheat, and matte several families houseless. ^ xne jsuza Vorrg was advertisedto sail for Fre mantle, '? 1SEW ZEALAND, William Thompson, the famed Wiremu Tsmeban* died on December 29. Whatever nntmths may have been circulated by those who were only too imxnms for an opporfcunity to famish an excuse fer eeiaim? Thompson's lands, no impartial observer can fail to Acknowledge that Thompson's counsel iies always been unfavourable to war against the Pakeha, and that he bas always tried to foil fiewiand the kine party. . ; ^ His Excellency Sn- George Grey, ft m stated oa tbe highest authority, is about to pay a .visit to tbe southern portion of New Zealand. He was to reach ^unsicnurcn on the «th January, proceed thence to the WestCoastgold-fields, retain to CliristcS £ time for the laee^ then go overland to Dunedin, «nd on to Invercargill, visiting the Otago gold-fields en route. °n the afternoon of the Hth Feb., two or fliree ««ght shocks of earthquake were distinctly felt in Dunedin and the vicinity. They followed each other iu rapid succession, were nnacoompamed by noise, hut caased a tremulous motion ofthe bosses ami fnrniture. The course seemed to be from north- to south. - ' 