MISCELLANEOUS. The Royal Mail steamship Bombay, with the November European mails, arrived in Hobson's Bay at half-past four o'clock on the morning of the 11th inst., being two days before the contract timo. Amongst tho passengers by tho Bombay was tho. hon. G. F. Verdon, C.13. The Rangitoto, with tho Panama mails, arrived ou tho 3rd inst. ; but the principal items of the English news brought by her had boon anticipated by telegram. Tho members of tho Victorian dctectivo force hnvo erected a tablet to tho memory of tho lato Henry John White, first-class detective, and Annie, his ivife, both o! whom perished in the steamship London. At tho recent annual meeting of tho Southern Rifles, near Melbourne, it was reported that a fine drill-room, at a cost of over £500, had been erected. The present strength of tho corpB is 160 men, of whom about 140 are effective. At n meeting of the council of tho Acclimatisation I Society, held on the 15tli inst., tho_ secretary re ported tho safe arrival from the Mauritius, of several ostriches. It appears mai uiese urnis. were ui»l shipped at Port Elizabeth, Natal, for Cape Town, thence reshippedto Mauritius, where his Excellency Sir Henry Barkly was kind enough to allow them to run oil the grounds at Government House, until Captain Rae took charge of them on board tho Countess of Seafiold. Every attention has been bestowed upon tho birds by Captain Itae, aud they have beon landed in very fine condition. Pure pipe cloy lia3 been discovered on Mr E. Henty's property, nt Muii th am. It is intended to given banquet to tlio hon. Mr Verdon, C.B., in Melbourne, in honor of his return to the colony. The post of secretary and general manager to the Australian branch of the London and Lancashire Insurance Company, has been conferred on Mr Chas. Bright, who, for tlio last twelve years, has been well known as one of the leading members of the Melbourne press. _ ? The sum subscribed to tho buildiug fund of the proposed new hospital in Melbourne, now amounts to £2803. Several large sums have been promised conditionally on tho building being actually com menced., , The number of persons sent for from tno United Kingdom by persons resident in Victoria, from the 1st January to the 28th November, 1 8 G G , under the . Assisted Immigration Regulations, was 3808, of whom 2G25 were from Ireland, 2G1 from Scotland, and 922 from England and Wales. From another return wo gather thnt, during the montli of Novem ber, the number of persons who arrived in the colony by sea was 3259, and tho number who de parted. 2160, showing a balanco in favor of tho colony of 1099. The timo fixed fer the Annual Regatta on iho Saltwater River, near Melbourne, is the Saturday following Good Friday. English cholera, or a disorder very liko it, has been prevalent in several of tho suburbs of Mel bourne. Saturday, the 12th inst., was by far the hottest day of tho season. A strong hot wind blew from the north, which lasted the wholo day. The ther mometer at the Observatory reached 108:4 deg. in tho shade. In tho sun tho maximum heat was 129 deg., and at ono o'clock tlio heat ef the surface of tlio ground mn 145 d.?g, There have been gome very serious bush-fires bote and there. There have also been some very serious township fires, some clearly attributable to incendiarism, but all greater than they would otherwise have been, from the action of the hot weather on the buildings. It appears that Mr M'Bain, M.L.A. for the Wim mera, ib about to visit Europe, and, as he may extend his travels to the United States, he will probably be absent tho bent part of a year. Tho hon. tho Minister of Mines (Mr Macgregor) was entertained, on tho 27tb ult., at a banquet at Beeehworth. Sharks have been very numerous in Hobson's Bay during tho past two months. The Geelong Adver tiser of 31st nit. says : — ' Aground shark, measur ing fourteen Mid a half feet in length, *vas exhibited in tho markot-sauaro on Saturday. It was caught by some fishermen, off Point Henry, On Friday, in their nets, as it was following a shoal of silver fish. Tho shark made a fierce resistance to his capture, and kept them for a long timo at bay. The fishormen killed it at last by beating it over the head and upper jaw, when it vomited twenty-six young ones, which woro promptly despatched. Another shark has been seen lately off Limeburner's Point, and a warning shout from a sailing boat announced tho fact to somo lads bathing there, who, it is needless to say, beat a hasty and disorderly retreat to a safe position. Its length, judging from a cursory glance, was estimated at twenty feet. The dorsal fin was seen by several spectators as the fish glided stealthily along its course. The Aggie M,, from Mauritius 27th November, with a cargo of sugar for the Victoria Sugar Company, Melbourne, put in at Adelaide on tho evening of the 19tli inst., disablod. She was struck by lightning on 12th December, at ten o'clock at night. All above tho dock becamo a complete wrock. Tho wheel and steering gear were washed away, tho masts shivered into fragments, ono man was killed, another had his jaw broken, several men had their arms dislocated aud received other injuries. Over 200,000 bushels of wheat havo been pur chased for shipment to England. Tbe criminal statistics for tlie year 1865, showing the number of persons taken into custody by the Victorian police force, with the particulars as to their disposal, &c.;, havo been laid beforo Parlia ment. The number of males arrested was 20,638, and 4861 females. Of these, 26,981 were sum marily disposed of, or held to bail by the magistrates, and 1167 were committed for trial. Of those pro secuted, 697 were convicted, 33G were acquitted, and in 134 cases the prosecution was withdrawn or fell through. The number of porsons convicted is in excess of tho three preceding years, whilst the acquittals show a slight decrease. The number of persons not prosecuted after their committal is greatly in excess of the five years sinco 1860, from when tho return is compiled. Tho returns show a decrease in the numbsr of persons charged with the more serious offences, with the exception of murder, but housebreaking and larceny aro on the increase. Tho hon. Mr Lowo, M.L.C., died on the 17th inst., after a lingering illness, at his country resi dence, near Breakwater, near Geelong. By his death a vacancy is creat®d in the representation of tho Southwestern Province, for which Eeat ho was elected in August 1864, having defeated Dr. Hope, tho chairman of committees in tho Legislative Council. The Government of Victoria havo at length adopted regulations for tho control and manage ment of tho Civil Service. Among the othsr novel ties, we obseiTO that hours of business aro to bo devoted strictly to business, officers are not to engage in private business, professional officers aro not to engage in private practice, and all civil servants arc prohibited from accopting or continuing to hold tho office of mayor, president, chairman or member of the council or board of any city, town, borough, shiro or road district. In order that officers of all ranks may bo enabled to render loyal and efficient servico to Government,' they are also 'required andenjoinod' not to take part in any political af fairs, otherwise than by recording their votes for the election of membors of Parliament. Crown prosecutors are exempted from the operation of the sixth Civil fevlce regitlatloil, which is fts follows : ' No professional officer Bhall engage or continue in tho privato practice of his profession without tlio express permission, in writing, oi me responsiuie Minister ; and notice of every such permission, and of tho withdrawal thereof, at any time, cliall bo : forthwith published in the Government Gazette.' Thero is every reason to believe that the acclima tisation of hares at Barwon -park is a great success. During the year I860, 14,253 ribbits, 448 hawks, 32 eagles, 5G2 nativo cats, and 23 tamo cats were shot at the park. At a meeting of the City of Melbourne Gas Com pany, held on the 22nd inst., -a dividend for the half year, at tho rato of 8 pcr cent, pcr annum, was declared. Tho conference between the representatives of tho several Australian governments on the subject of postal communication, has been postponed till February, A country journal asserts that Mr Hopkins, one of the representatives in tho Assembly for tho county of Grant, aud Mr Learmontli arc likely to be brought forward for the vacancy in the Council for tho South-Wcstern Province, created by the death of Mr Lowe. In tho city tho name of his Worship the Mayor of Melbourno is mentioned as a suitable candidate. It is reported that tho gross amount of subscrip tions to the Kyneton district hospital, for the year 1866, was £827 15s Gd, of which the collector re ceived £263 18s 7d as commission. Tho subscribers present seemed very desirous to change tho system. A report, showing tho accounts of tho pilot board for tho year ending 31st August, 1865, has been laid before Parliament. Tho total amount of pilot ago received from her Majesty's customs during tho previous year was £19,318 9s 5d, which included balanco of £118 12s 5d from the previous yoar. The sum of £18,285 lGs was collected at the port of Melbourne, and £910 18s 9d at tho ports of Gee long, Port Albert, Welshpool, Portland, Port Fairy, and Warrnambool. The Commissioners of Audit, in their remarks upon the report, drew attention to tho fact that the pilotage rates from the 1st January, 18G5, to the 31,st August, 1865, had not been col lected in accordance with the 13th schedule of the Passengers, Harbors and Navigation Statute, 1805, but in accordance with tho old regulations of the 10th August, 1858, which imposed rather less than one-lialf tho rates legally payable under the new law. To cure this, tho Commissioners considered that an Act of Indemnity should bo sought by tho pilotboard. The moneys and securities in the pos session of tho board amounted to £1405 9s. £2000 is to bo spent in improvements on Portland gaol. The committee appointed to tal:o steps to erect a monument over the grave of the late C. J . D°n- M.L.A., have completed their task. Tho design is a freo3tono obelisk, with gothic ornamentations, raised on a bluestono base, with bluestono kerbing, finished with a handsome gothic rail. The spaco between the kerbj and the monument is paved, and, therefore, requires no planting, or otherwise renew ing, and tho wholo structure has a finished ap pearance. The following is n retum showing the number of letters, packets and newspapers received at and des patched from Victoria pcr P. and O. R.M.S. ships during tho month of December, 1866 : — Received per Avoca, 50,496 letters, 2060 packages, 108,457 newspapers; despatched per Geelong, 37,484 letters, 518 packages, 57,743 newspapers. Total, 87,980 letters, 2578 packages, 166,200 newspapers. _ At the recent annual meeting of the Modical So ciety of Victoria, tlio election of office bearers for the ensuing year, took place as follows : — President, Dr. Girdlestone ; vico-prccidents, Drs. Nield and Bird ; treasurer, Dr. Fetherstone ; hon. secretary, Dr. Blair; hon. librarian, Dr. Nicholls; committee of management, Drs. ? Tracy, Gillbee, Black and Jonnss on. New Year's day was kept as a holiday, in Mel bourne and tho suburbs, by all sections of the com munity. Tho sun sliono brilliantly and hot, perhaps a little too scorching, but during the latter portion of tho day a cool refreshing breeze sprang up, and mado an evening promenade extremely agreeable and pleasant. From an early hour the city was a scene of great bustlo and activity. A greater num ber of persons visited tho Flcmington race- cour.ie than have been known to attend any previous Cham pion Raco meeting. But other places of fashionable resort were not neglected. Tho railway returns of tlie Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company show that along their lines thero was an immense traffic of pleasure-seekers bound to Sand ridge, St. Kilda, or Brighton. Tho Botanical Gardens were crowded. Thonsands thronged the Su™y Paddock, whoro tho Germans celebrated their annual ' Turn Vercin;' and there were ia numerable picnic parties throughout Studley-park. The bulk of the passengers by tho suburban lines of railway found the sea side a veiy delightful pro menade. From Picnic Point to Sandridgo the people were spread along the sea coast, hugging closoly the shade of the tea-tree, and indulging in the pleasures of the hour. r We understand that tho celebration of the close of the year 1866 by the ' old chums' at tho Melbonrna Club was not unmarked by somo of thoso peculiari ties which rendered notorious their first comme moration at the Criterion. A quarrel, accompanied by language anything but parliamentary, occurred in the course of the entertainment, and recourse to personal violenco was at one time imminent. The origin of the dispute was as to whether a gentleman present had arrived hero in 1838, as he asserted or in 1839. During the month there 1ms boen a great emigra tion of Chinese from various parts of Victoria. Whilst many havo returned to their nativo land, others havo gone to New Zealand, which possesses considerable attractions for these people. Tho hon. Mr Vale (Minister of Public Works), in reply to a deputation which waited upon him in ro sp.ect to tlio inadequacy of tlie supply of water to the suburbs of MelboiirUi, stated that it was the inten tion of tho Government to send homo for a new main as soen as the consent of Parliament could be obtained. From a statement laid before tho City Council, on tho 21st inst., it appears that tho expenditure of the corporation for 1867 was estimated at £86,730, and the general revenue at £39,708, leaving a deficiency of £47,022. The sum of £11,000, already col lected on account of tho revenue, and an overdraft of £25,000 at the bank, have to be added to this deficiency. These items swell tho wholo to £83,022. It is not intended to provido for tho overdraft at present ; but to meet tho remaining doficiencv. the council will be obliged to impose a rate of two shillings in the pound. The annual meeting of tho Victorian Horticul- ? tural Improvement Society was held on tho 21st inst., The treasurer's statement showed a balance of £70 to tho society's credit to tho end of 1866. A ballot taken for tho election of officers for the ensuing year resulted as follows : — President, Mr J. T. Smith, M.L.A. ; vico-presidents, Messrs Alex. Elliott and W. Ferguson; committee, Mosrs Josh. Harris, Georgo Brunning, W. Taylor, Wm. Holt, W. Riddell, John Butler, Alex. Stewart, P. Waters, Jamos Banks, W. Hyndman, W. Woodmassn, and Josiah Mitchell; Messrs A. C. Sturruck, hon. treasurer ; and Thomas Purves, hon. secretary, wero unanimously re-elected to their respcctivo offices ; and Messrs W. Carter and A. Lincolne were chosen auditors for the ensuing year. The hon. Henry Millor, late Vice-Prcsident of the Board of Land and Works, who lost his seat in the Legislative Council of Victoria, at tho recent elections, has tendered tho resignation of his port folio as Minister of Railways. Tho Government have not yet filled up tho vacancy. Meanwhile, the hon. J. G. Francis will supervise the Railway department; and tho hon. Mr Macgregor has been appointed Vice-President of the Bonrd of Land and Works, so that he may he able to deal with the contracts in connection with tho water supply. It is understood that, in pursuance of a general scheme of economy in the civil service, tho Ministry contemplate a reduction of the number of county sheriffs, if not the complete abolition of the officc, tho duties of which hnvo long boonlittle better than nominal. A report, lately published, upon tho ngricultaral and live stock statistics of Victoria for 1866, bears unmistakeable evidence to the progress of tho colony. The Industrial School and Hospital, at Ballaarat, are now being proceeded with. The contract has been taken by Iran and Kemp, for over £11,000. The building is to be a permanent one, of bluestone and brick. The best proof of the increase of small sheep farming in Victoria, in connection with agricultural pursuits, is the fact that ovor five hundred moro brands have been registered this year ; in other words, we have moro than five hundred new Hock masters. Tho number of vessels placed in quarantine in Victoria during tho year 1865 was six, being an increase of threo over the preceding year. Tho Golden Empire had typhus fever ; tho John Fraser, fever ; the Douglas, fever during the voyage ; tho Otto, fever during tho voyage ; the London, smallpox ; and the Southern Ocean for quarantine j observation. i The foundation stone of the new post and tele graph offices, at Daylesford, was laid by Mr Wheeler, M.L.A., on the 16th inst. Reaping iB now far advanced in Gipps Land. An intercolonial show of merino wool, in connec tion with tho universal exhibition to bo hold in London, in August next, was opened at tho estab lishment of Messrs Cuningliam aud Mucrcdio, Mel bourne, on tho 16tli inst. The show was nbout equal in extent to its predecessor in 1865, but the condition in which many of the specimens were presented showed n gratifying improvement. The balance-sheet of tho Ballaarat Banking Com pany (limited), for tho half-year ending tho 31st December, has been issued. Tho operations of the bank for the period under review exhibit very satis factory results, the net profits after making provision for bad and ascertained doubtful debts, expense of management, &c.;, and paying interest to depositors amsnntmg to £918. This shows a profit for appro priation equal to sixteen por cent, per annum on the capital paid up during the half-year. Tho second half- yearly meeting of the Melbourne Masonic Hall Company (limited) took place on tho evening of tlie 2nd inst. Captain Stnndish pre sided. Tho directors, in their report, expressed their regret that tho shareholders had not promptly responded to tho calls made upon them, and hoped that with a view to enable thom to advertise for plans for tho erection of a new hall they would endeavour to dispose of shares as fnst as possible. The report wns adopted Tho last bill given for the purchase of land in Albert-street would mature on tho 27tli inst. To meet tliis bill, which amounted to £246 19s 9d, and the overdraft at tho bank, £217 4s 7d, there were calls duo on shares amounting to £587 10s. It was confidently expected that the greater portion of these calls would be shortly paid. There uro still goneral complaints among the farmers about tho scarcity of labor. The Cliineso engaged in harvesting have been receiving 38s per week with rations ; and even at these wages they are hardly to be hired. Tho iron workers aro taking steps to secure the benefits of protection to thoir trado. Tliey ask that a moderate duty should be placed on all im ported articles which can be manufactured in tho colony, and that tlio raw material bo admitted freo. They urge that in the present condition of their trade, out of 5009 mechanics and artisans in tho colony, only 3000 can find empl-jyment, and that a considerable amount of capital lia3 been sunk in plant, which during a great portion of tho yenr, is compelled to lie idle. A remody for this it is conceived, would be to check in some degree tho rush of manufactured articles into tlie colony by imposing a duty of from 15 to 25 per cent., so as to enable the local manufacturer to enter into com petition with tho homo producer on more favorable terms than aro at present obtained. There appears lo be every disposition oa the part of tho Government to concede their request. It is stated that leeches abound in Kangaroo Creek, neer Daylesford. They are so numerous that some risk is run by watering cattle in the creek. From a report of the proceedings of tlie Council of the Melbourne University for the year ending tho 31st of May, 1866, it would appear that the actual number of students on the books at that time was 201, divided into 107 matriculated, anl 34 non matriculated students- Tlio number of graduates who have been admitted to tbe degrocs of Bachelor of Arts was 59, Bachelor of Medicine, !- ; Bachelor of Laws, 7 ; and to tho higher degrees of Master of Arts, 45 ; Doctor of Lnw3, 2 ; and Doctor of Medi cine, 42, the latter enumeration malting a total of eiglity-ninc, being within eleven of tbe number of 100, required by tlie Act of Incorporation to consti tute the senate. The statement of receipts and ex penditure showed tho former to be £12,973 5s 6d, whilst the latter amounted to £11,581 10.;. The balance to credit of the university at tho Bank of Victoria was £331 lis 2d. The debentures helo. by the Bank of Victoria on behalf of tho Council of tho University nt. tlio dato of tho last audited ac count (valued at £4000) were still held by that bank. Printed and Published by Eeexezeb and David Syme, Proprietors of the Age Newspaper nnd General Printing CJilce, Eiizabeth-strcoS, Melbourne, Viclorht 