GOEBESPONDENOE. . FENCING AND BUSH FIRES. Sir,— I have always made a point of keeping fallow one land adjoining the fence that separ ates my farm from the property of my next neighbor, believing that in doing so I was ful filling the requirements ,of the law..' I have also urged, unsuccessfully, my neighbor, whose land is in a state of nature, to plough or other wise clear a space on his side of the fence, but he takes no heed of my remonstrances, and as the grass is very long and dry, I am fearful of hush -Kvnn AomiTifT mv wnv jinrJ linrmnrr flio fence,' if nothing worse should happen. Will you oblige me with advice how to act, and say whetherl can legally compelneighbor ? to adopt precautionary measures.— Yours, ANTI BUSH-FIRE. ... Loddon, 24th November. - . [The sixth clause of the fencing act refers to : such ?? ( cases as1 the. above.' We, therefore quote it for general benefit:— ' If the owner or occupier of any land shall .clear the same of inflammable materials for the space of fifteen feet from any fence' dividing such land from the land of any other owner or occupier, and such other owner or occupier shall neglect or omit so to clear his land, and , any damage from fire shall happen to such di viding fence through such neglect or omission, ', the iowner er occupier so neglecting or omit ting to clear shall at his own costs and charges cause such fence- to be repaired and re-erected within the space of one month .after the same shall have been so damaged; and in case he shall refuse or emit to repair or re -erect the same fence within such space of one month, it shall be lawful for the owner or occupier of the land contiguous to the said fence who shall have cleared the same of inflammable material as' aforesaid to .repair or re-erect such dividing fence ; and 'all sums of money which shall ? -er may be so expended or laid out under the pro visions of this section shall be deemed and ' be taken to be money paid to the use of the ' owner or occupier in default. Nothing herein shall be deemed to take away or interfere with the right of any person to sue for and recover compensation for or in respect oi any damage or. injury to any fence occasioned by the reck less 'or. negligent use of fire-'— -Ed.] ' ; . 