SUMMARY »on AMERICA BL ENGLAND VIA PANAMA, BY TBB PANAMA, NEW ZEALAND, 'ft AUSTRALIAN ROYAL MAIL COMPANY'S S.S. RAKAIA. Friday, 8th to 16th November. A boy, names James McCarthy, died in the Sydney Infirmary, on the afternoon of the 8th instand, from an accident met with by him whilst at work on the Sydney Common, on the Wednesday previous. .-The members of St. Philip's Mutual Improvement Society gave a free entertainment to ' their friends in the Parochial Schoolroom, Church-hill, on the 8th matant. ' " " . »The Land we live in-" wag the subject of nu m »trnctivo lecture delivered by Mr. ,W. AVilkins, in the halí of the St. Leonards School of Arts, on the night «f the 8th instant. Hi» Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh »s now .xpected to arrive in Sydney early in January. An ingeniously constructed clock has just been received from Paris, by Mr. C. Lemaire, of George »treet, and is now to be Been at hie establishment. . Professor Parker gove n grand assaut d'nrmeB, at thp School of ArtB, on Saturday evening last. The heat on the 9th and 10th instant was extremely great, and bushfire» became very prevalent both near Sydney and in many parts of the interior. The weather has since become more pleasant, but rain is »inch wanted. , The body of a newly-born malo infant was found in Upper Willium-Btreet North, on Saturday morning last. The inaugural conceit of the Sydney Academy of Music took place at 137, Caetlereagh-street, on Mon- day evening last. It was a great success. The grass in Hyde Park, or " the Race Course," wa» accidentally set fire to on Sunday morning last. A maimed man, named Charles M'Larcn, was found (load in a hoube nt Paddington on the 8th instant. . Air. Jumes Anderson hns appeared during the week in a highly effective five- act drama, written by himself, and named the Scottish Chief. Saturday last, being the Prince of Wales'B birth- day, was kept as a public holiday. On the harbour »everal excursions were organised, and pleasant localitiefl visited. Amongst nil the picnicB that of the German Association, at Coogee, was by no means the least agreeable. The floods nt Albury and Wodonga have sub- sided. The Steam Navigation Companies' Committee met on the 11th instant, tit the A. S. N. Company's Office, and arranged plan of Bailing to be submitted to the CommissionerB appointed for the naval recep- tion of H.B..1I. the Duke of Edinburgh. The general settling on the Melbourne Cup took place at Tattersall'» Hotel last Monday night. The Rev. D. Allen, of Melbourne, delivered & lecture on " Wine," at the Temperance Hall, on the 11th instant. The annual meeting of the subscribers and friends of the Sydney North Circuit Branch of the Austral- asian Weslcyan Missionary Society was last Uonday eveningheld in the York-street Church. Labt Tuesday evening Mr. AVilliam Thom, licen- tiate, was oidaincd to the ministry at St. Stephen's Church, Macquarie-Btreet, according to the estab- lished forms ot the Presbyterian Church. The Municipal Council have decided upon the erection of n pavilion on a somewhat large and mag- nificent scale, on that portion of Hyde Park where the huBtinns are usually erected-that is, between Market and Pork streets. On Tuesday last n man, named William Stove, died from the effects of n fall from BIB horse, on the day previous. The young men of Chalmers Church have recently Îresented n purse'of sovereigns to their pastor, Dr. 'A man, named James Slater, was diowned at Wagga Wagga on the 0th instant, whilst under the influence of drink. A meeting of citizens was held at the Sydney Exchange, last Tuesday afternoon, for the purpose .f taking into consideration the best means of giving "_ an enteitainment to hie Royal Highness the Duke of -r Edinburgh, to which the citizens generally could have accès». George Ritchie, an old man, residing at Wee "Waa, committed suicide, on the 31st ultimo, by cutting his throat. On Wednesday last the city aldermen met at the Temperance Hall, and unpacked the competitive designe sent in for the new Town Hall. The designs ' are seventeen in number, and are all creditable to th'eir authors, both in respect of architectural elegance and compactness. The body of n man, named William Jeffreys, wa» recently found drowned near Deniliquin. A match was played on Saturday last between the Imperial Cricket Club and the Emu Plains Cricket Club, which was won by the latter hy three runs. The play of both sides was very good. Last Thursday evening a man, named Robert Dun- can, fell overboard from the schooner Terara, then lying at Market Wharf, and was drowned. Reaping has been pretty generally entered upon throughout the Hunter district, but the results must, on the whole, be considered unsatisfactory. On Thursday last, at noon, the foundation stone of the new building at the Public School, Cleveland-_ street, wse laid by his Excellency Sir John Young, in ' the presence of a large concourse of spectators. Friday, loth to 22nd November. A factory for the niokmg of nil kinds of bruahware has been established by McBsr». M'Mahon and Com- pany, in George, street, and is now in very aucceBBful operation. Fresh arrangements nre about to i«e made by the civic authorities, with a view to ensuring :i b'etter supply of water to the residents of Miller's Point. It is proposed that the idea of Uno public balls in honour of the Prince shall be abandoned, and that the Committee and Mayor and Aldermen do meet and make a joint affair of it. The vineyards in Araluen, Biddidivine, and along the Moruya River (says the Braidwood Dispatch), this year promise to be very prolific. There was a Bmart diBcuBBion in the Assembly, on the' 15th inBtant, relative to the recent alteration made by the Government in the collection of fee Package Duty. The Government defended the charge as being required to put down fraudulent evasions of duty. Fifty-three residents of the town of Port Macquarie haie petitioned his Excellency for the erection ol' their locality into amunicipality. Mr. C. E. Horsley gave a pleasing concert at Parra- matta last Wednesday week. There was a soiri'e in connection with the Church of England schoolhouse, tit Windsor, on the 13tb inttant. A meeting of the Municipal Conference was held st the Town-hall, last Monday afternoon, io consider the new Municipalities Act, and to transact other buBi ness. The Saturday Half-Holiday Association gave their Becond excursion down the harbour on Saturday last. A seaman, named John Berry, of the Roval Mail steamship Rakaia, fell from the mainyard of that Teseel last Saturday afternoon, and died a few minutes afterwards. The teachers of the Public schools met at Foit «treet, on Saturday morning last, and made some pre- liminary arrangements relative to a grand demon- stration on the arrival of the Duke of Edinburgh. j A man, named John Mountjoy, a native of Cork, in Ireland, died recently in the Goulburn Hospital, aged 105 years. TheremainBofa-lanwererecentlyfounddeadinthe ' , bush at Shoalhaven, supposed to be a digger on his I way from the Pigeon-holes Mountain DiggingB. A general meeting of the Prince Alfred Yacht Club took place at Punch and M'Grath's last Monday evening. Mr. George Brotherton wus recently kilted by the upsetting of a cart near Bombala. On the 13th and 14th instant (says the Goulburn JltraU of Saturday last), a party oí sportsmen, con "stT5 of Dr- Muller, from Sydney, and Messrs. Craddock and Payten, of Goulburn, succeeded in bagging ne less than fifty-two, anda half brace of ' snipe. A meeting of the clergymen of the ChuTch of Eng- , land résident in Sydney WSB held on Monday last, 11th instant, to consider the action to be taken in ' respect of the reception of the Duke of Edinburgh and the recognition of the event of his l*oyal High- ness s visit to this colony. Tfl| third of a course of lectures in connectien with the Sydney Young Men's Presbyterian Union, was delivered Monday evening, in the Scots Church, Church- hill, by the Rev. Dr. Lang. The Bubiect of the lecture WÍB "The recent wonderful discovery of the great central lakeB of Africa, and the sources of the Nile. ' A boat accident, attended with a lamen* able loss I Si-,,,' °;cu,ned on Sunday evening last, between Middle Head and South Reef. The names oí the Orson» drowned were John M'Cabe, Jnh» Whit?, obn Turner, and Mrs. George Taylor 'and" child. The boat was unexpectedly upset, and went down almost immediately. -Only -one! irian-Mr. George Taylor- -escaped« . , - ,'.-.. A meeting in furtherance of Penorninational educa- tion wae held at "St. _eneclict*e cn Sunday evening llBt. - - ' ' *' . " * A dramatic entertainment was given last Monday evening, in St. Mary's, Seminary,. by a number o'f amateurs in aid of the, new_church of "St. Joseph, Newtown." The piece produced'was Bailie Bernard's comedy, "The Irish Attorney/' ' u A miscellaneous 'ooncert-TVUS' given" last 'Monday evening)by.the memberslof- St: James's Churchchoir, assisted by several lady and gentlemen amateurs, in the schoolhouse, Castlereagh-street. The programme cobiprise'd'selectionB from' the most renowned cbnS posers.. "' L&Bt; Thursday week some of-the workmen em- ployed on the West Maitland .bridge dug out -a monstrous centipede, about ten, inches, lqng, and thick in proportion, in removing a portion of the bank'. The frightful insect was'captured alive,' and ife now preserved by Mr. Gilfillan in a bottle. ;, - -» > Severe frosts hav_ .reoentíy.been expexipnoed ,ftt Bathurst. , _ A man named Coleman at Dubbo, recently in a situation aVgrosm, has had £4000 bequeathed to him by a-Tslntive in-England. An improvement in sheep-washing has been tried at Bunnawanna by the UBe of a new spout apparatus. The wool so treated is very superior to that washed in the ordinary manner. It ha» bcen'propOBed that the Sunday Schools con- nected with the Church of England in this city shall present to the Duke of Edinburgh a Bible and Prayer Book. The superintendents and secretaries of other Protestant Sunday Schools have proposed that the. present should be confined to a Bible. Another concert was given in connection with the Academy of Music on Wednesday last. The annual meeting of the Surry Hills branch of the Australnsian "Wesleyan Missionary Society was held lost evening in the Bourke-Btreet church. The new Municipalities Bill is making rapid pro- gress through the Legislative Assembly. 1 he annual picnic of the Balmain Band of Hope took place on Monday last. They went to Cremorne. A man, named John Theohall, late ordinary seaman on board the Strathnavcr, was found drowned in the harbour on Tuesday last. The remains of a man named Thomah Connell have been found in the bush near Yass, The missionary schooner John Wesley left this port on Thursday laet for the South Sea Islands. Lost Thursday afternoon the" Annual Exhibition" at the Pitt-street Public School took place, and was attended by a large number of ladies and gentlemen, On the 21st instant, the children attendinç rhe schools in connection with the Roman Catholic Cb.umh in Kent-street, were taken on an excursion to Athol Gardens, Bradley'« Head. A man named William Neile (formerly ot Forfar sliire, in Scotland,) died suddenly on the Parramatta Rond, of heart disease, on the 20th instant. From 22nd to -9th November. On the ôth instant, near Albury, James M'Gloughlin was thrown from a horse and killed, whilst riding after horses in the bush. A meeting of the General Committee of the New South AValeB Rifle Association was held in the Volunteer Brigade Office on the 22nd instant. On the night following the 22nd instant, the' glass works, at Newtown, were burnt down. The furnaces escaped with but little injury. Arrangements were made at ft meeting of the general committee of the New South Wales Cricket Association, on the 22nd instant, for the forthcoming intercolonial match with Victorin, It is reported that a Mr. Beale was recently drowned whilst crossing the Murray at Welaregang, some seventy or eighty miles above Albury. An abstract of the entire proceedings of the Syned of Eastern Australia, for the current year, were published in the Herald of Monday last. 1 he remains of a man (name unknown) have re- cently been found between the Bundageree Creek and the Murrumbidgee ; and the body of a Mrs. Doyle haB been found drowned in the Serembed Creek in the South-Western district. The Sydney Water Commission are continuing to sit, and to take evidence, &e;, in respect of the im- portant matters entrusted to them. There is some considerable stir in the city in conse- quence of the numerous ward elections for aldermen. The Snail's Bay Amateur Regatta virtually come off on Saturday last, having been postponed from the 16th instant. On the 16th instant a young man named Francis Shearen was drowned whilst attempting to cross the Snowy Uiver, in the Monaro District. At Bombalee, on the Tumut, the stables of Messrs. Rankin, Brothers, were burned down by some incen- diary on the 18 th instant. A'man named Owen Byrne, a farmer, died on the 11th instant, at Casino, near Grafton, from the effects of taking strychnine. The dry weather still continues, and itB effects in most parts of the colony are such as to occasion no inconsiderable amount of anxiety. Particulars of the late cniise of H.M.S. Brisk were publihhcd in the Herald of Tuesday last. A woman named Ann Reynolds died suddenly, at Balmain, on Sunday laßt, of disease of the heart. LaBt Monday evening the eleventh annual meeting of the St. Paul's Auxiliary Church Society was held in the parochial schoolroom, Redfern. There was a very numerous attendance. The Bishop of Sydney presided. The Hon. the Colonial Treasurer introduced a " Bill to amend the Stamp Duties Act of I860," into the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday last. The measure is to be read second time on Wednesday next. A man, named Peter Donnell, a fireman of the Black Swan, steamer, was accidentally killed by the machinery on Monday morning lost. A meeting of the New South Wales Hine Associa- tion WRS held at the Brigade Office, on Tuesday last, Mr. Richard Jones in the chair. The FloodB Relief Fund.Working Committee met at the Sydney Exchange, on Wednesday last, and transacted business. They are to make a report to the General Committee next Wednesday week. The "Boyal Reception" Committee have met several times to make arrangements as to the pro- gramme to be gone tlirough on the arrival of the Duke of Edinburgh. His Excellency and Lady Young are paying a visit to Goulburn, which is described as being quite lively in conséquence of the vice-regal visit. The Ladies.' Philanthropic Musical Society gave a concert (for charitable purposes) in the Congrega- tional schoolroom, at Woollahra, on Tuesday evening last. Mrs. Jane Bryce, a passenger by the You Yangs to Sydney, died on her passage from Melbourne to this port, last Saturday night, of disease of the heart. The eleventh anniversary of the Congregational Church, Newtown, was celebrated on Tuesday last. A Mr. Whitehouse (formerly of the Booligal Hotel, Wagga Wagga) has recently been found drowned in the Tooragannie Creek. The Municipalities Bill has been the chief subject of consideration in the Legislative Assembly during the past week, and is now nearly " through com- mittee." On Thureday night, the clause containing the principle of " cumulative votes " was carried by an overwhelming majority. The female companion of the bushranger " Thun- derbolt " ÍB dead from inflammation of the lungs. On Tuesday last a boy named Oscar Gordon was drowned at East Maitland whilst bathing. Henry Pritchard, lemonade manufacturer, while labouring under an attack of temporary insanity, cam mitted suicide at Araluen, last Thursday morning, by taking four ounces of opium. A special general meeting of the Sydney Ragged and Industrial Schools wae held at the Temperance Hall on Thursday evening. The Bishop of Sydney pmideâ., Mr. E. Joy announced that he resigned the secretaryship. The committee was enlarged su as to carry on the schools. A man named James Martin expired at the Sydney Infirmary, of apoplexy, on Wednesday last. At Grabben Gullen, near Yass, on the 22nd instant, a child named William Smith was killed by the up Betting of a dray.-On Monday morning last a girl named Maria Morris was burned to death at Lestook, on the Upper Paterson. J 