MONDAY, JANUARY 21, 1867. Satisfactory as it must be to every well-wisher to these colonies to know that the Governments of New South Wales and Victoria have agreed to bring the Border Customs nuisance to an end, the terms of that agreement are not by any means so unexceptionable as at first sight they may appear. As we have already pointed out, South Australia is not included in the treaty which now awaits the ratification of our Legislature. It may be perfectly true that, having come to an understanding with New South Wales, we have overcome the far larger part of the difficulties which have beset this question. It is impossible for any one acquainted with the trade of the border, not to perceive that a great step in the right direction has been made when free-trade has been established across the Murray for some thousand miles of its course. Never- theless, we must confess that, in our opinion, the Border Customs question will not be satisfactorily settled until South Australia is admitted to the same privileges as New South Wales, and the custom-house officer is banished alto- gether from the Murray. Not only would this be the best settle- ment for all parties, but it ap- pears to us to be the only equitable one. For, in regard to one staple pro- duction of these colonies, what does this agreement enact?—that New South Wales wines shall be admitted duty free, while those of South Australia shall be subject to an almost prohibitory duty of three shillings a gallon. Our Western neighbours will regard this, as everyone must regard it, as at once grossly unfair to them, and altogether repugnant to one of the provisions of our Constitution Act. The 42nd clause of that statute expressly forbids the granting of any exemption, bounty, or drawback, on the importation of goods contrary to any treaty HER MAJESTY may have entered into with any foreign power. We may be told that this enact- ment was set aside with the consent of the Imperial Government when the first agreement in respect to the border duties was made in 1855. But it must be re- membered that to that agreement South Australia was a party, and it was in view of the great convenience and ad- vantage of securing " uninterrupted in- " tercourse" across the frontiers that Mr. LABOUCHERE expressed his ap- proval of the compact. It can scarcely be expected that the South Australians will not adopt this view of the matter, and, if necessary, present it to the Imperial Government. We hope, how- ever, that the conference with the South Australian representatives, who are now in Melbourne, will result in such a modification of the treaty as will leave no just ground of complaint that Victoria has acted towards her Western sister in an ungenerous and unneigh- bourly manner. Perhaps, on grounds of public policy and justice, this flaw in the treaty which we have thus pointed out is one which it ought to be the first consideration of the Victorian Legislature to remedy. Victoria is beginning to be understood and appreciated in England ; her repu- tation is of more than sentimental im- portance to her. Is it wise to risk the good opinion of Downing-street and Capel- court by perpetuating an act of great injustice to an adjoining colony? This consideration is certainly one of some importance. But another clause of the treaty of which we are writing contains a provision which will affect this colony in a far more direct and appreciable manner than will the loss of reputation with the mother country. The provision we refer to is this :— "That while this agreement continues, the Victoria and New South Wales customs and excise duties respectively shall not be reduced by either colony without the consent of the other, and that if the Legislature of either colony shall, notwithstanding this stipulation, without the consent of the other colony, reduce its customs or excise duties, this agreement shall thereupon cease and deter- mine, unless a corresponding adjustment of the annual amount payable by Victoria to New South Wales be first mutually agreed upon." Now, if the tariffs of the two colonies were identical, or nearly so, there could be no valid objection raised to this stipu- lation ; as they are, however, very far from similar, the enforcement of it can- not fail to act most injuriously to Vic- toria. And this it will do in two ways ; it will certainly place us at a disadvan- tage in supplying Riverina with goods on which our Customs duties are from two to four times as high as those of New South Wales, and it will seri- ously affect some of our domestic industries. On all the multifarious goods which under our tariff pay either an ad valorem duty of ten per cent., or measurement duties which range from three to upwards of 100 per cent., that of New South Wales imposes an uni- form duty of five per cent. And inas- much as Riverina consumes but a small quantity of silk, and other expensive goods upon which our imposts fall lightly, but is a large customer for the coarser qualities, upon which the Vic- torian duties are very heavy, is it un- reasonable to suppose that a difference of twenty or thirty per cent, in the im- port duties may he a sufficient induce- ment to carry such goods overland from Sydney? If whole cargoes of goods, or even whole cases, were sent to River- ina no such interference with the trade could be apprehended. But that district purchases from Melbourne only selected parcels of goods. If, there- fore, this provision be adhered to, we may fairly contemplate the probability of Sydney getting a part of this trade ; for the difference of from ten to twenty per cent. in the duties of the two ports would operate as a premium to some enterprising firm to forward supplies of the most heavily taxed and least bulky goods overland from Sydney. But the maintenance and enforcement of this clause of the agreement will not only jeopardise some of our trade ; it will un- questionably injure at least one branch of Victorian industry. The duty on salt landed at Melbourne is twenty shillings per ton, or just about forty per cent. ; the duty on the same article in Sydney is five per cent. Both Victoria and New South Wales are large producers of stock, and are both alike interested in the establishment of an export trade in salted provisions. New South Wales has always, or certainly since the disco- very of gold, had an advantage over Victoria in the circumstance that her supply of meat has been more abundant. Nevertheless, an export trade in salted beef and pork had sprung up, and be- fore the enactment of the present tariff had reached very respectable propor- tions. The duty on salt in the first year of its imposition almost extin- guished this young and essentially na- tive industry. From Mr. ARCHER'S annual volumes, we extract the follow- ing figures, which show the value of the salted provisions, the produce and manufacture of this colony, which were exported in the undermentioned years :— 1862 ... ... ... ... £13,169 1863 ... ... ... ... 23,428 1864 ... ... ... ... 24,203 1865 ... ... ... ... 8,712 We would remind our readers that this tremendous falling off in the first year of the salt duty cannot have been brought about by the price of stock. The drought from which we have until lately suffered did not occur until the summer of 1865-6, and in the winter of 1865 stock was as plentiful and cheap, if not more so, than in either of the three preceding years. We are, therefore, driven to the conclusion that our export trade in tierce beef, salted pork, and bacon, has been strangled by the pernicious interference of the Com- missioner of Customs. And now the same gentleman has signed, on behalf of the colony, an agreement, one clause of which might be very properly described as an act to suppress the export trade in salted provisions in Victoria. In defence of the agreement it will be said that we can at any time alter any of our duties which are proved to be mis- chievous. This is undoubtedly true ; but we can only alter them either by asking the consent of New South Wales, which consent may be delayed or withheld, or by breaking the agreement, and reviving the Border nuisance in its pristine vigour. If any such clause is assented to, it should only apply to such duties as are equal to or less than those of New South Wales. We cannot conceive of any valid reason which can be offered for binding Victoria not to reduce her duties to the level of those of New South Wales. In glancing over the Registrar-Gene- ral's Agricultural and Live Stock Statis- tics for the year ended 31st March last, only now published in extenso, two things strike us as matters for regret— first, that the information contained in this return was not given to the world at an earlier date; and second, that the particulars which Mr. ARCHER puts before us so lucidly and sys- tematically, are of somewhat doubtful authenticity. Against the Registrar- General we make no complaint in either matter. In publishing so long since as April last a general summary of the tables now furnished, he pro- bably did all that his department could accomplish ; and in his appointment of collectors of statistics, he no doubt makes the best selection political con- siderations will allow from among the candidates for such employment. Still, it is to be regretted that full and detailed statements as to one year's agriculture should not be available for the guidance of the farmer in planning out the operations of the next ; as also, that there should be any doubt as to the trustworthiness of the facts which Mr. ARCHER so skilfully arranges and tabulates year after year. This part of the work being done so well, we would here suggest that it be carried a little further. In the collectors' re- ports, published along with the tables there is a good deal of useful mate- rial. But they also contain much that is of but little use, and few will care to incur the labour of separating the grain from the chaff. Two or three additional tables would save the public this trouble, and if all the collectors were instructed to fur- nish matter of a kind which a few already supply, those additional tables would be highly valuable. For instance, a column might be added to the schedule supplied to the farmers, in which to enter the variety of the wheat, barley, or oats grown by them, and from the information so obtained a table could be compiled which would be a valuable aid in determining which kind of seed to use. The date of sowing might also be specified, for as yet the comparative merits of early and late seeding have by no means been established. On the subject of the various pests that afflict the husbandman, the collectors might also give particulars. Rust, grub, blight, wire-worm, locusts, &c.;, enter largely into the farmer's calculations, and cause him a world of care and anxiety, even when they do not entail positive loss; yet we have much to learn respecting all of them. The symptoms and effects of each are pretty well under- stood, but scarcely their causes, and still less any sure preventive or cure. If the collectors of statistics were to ascer- tain from each farmer what he knew, of his own observation and experience, in regard to these plagues, a mass of know- ledge would be available from which science would probably be able to deduce lessons of great practical ad- vantage. The order of cropping ob- served would also be most useful to know—as, for instance, whether a wheat crop of only eight bushels to the acre was the sixth or eighth white straw crop that the same field had borne, or whether a forty ton crop of mangolds was the result of generous treatment of the soil or a mere bit of good luck. The general yield per acre of our several crops varies so much from year to year, and there are such great disparities between the yields of different districts— nay even of different farms, and of different fields on the same farms—in the same year, that want of knowledge or skill must surely be in some degree chargeable with the failures. To supply this missing knowledge is the chief use of the machinery which Mr. ARCHER sets in motion after the in-gathering of each year's crop has been completed, and if the work is done with even tolerable correctness, its value to the country will always far outweigh its cost. In the directions we have already indicated, however, there is room for improvement, or it may perhaps rather be for useful enlargement, of Mr. ARCHER'S plan of operations. However skilful may be his manipulation of the facts supplied to him, and however varied the forms in which he submits his few results to the public, his annual report would be of much greater value if the inquiries of the collectors embraced a wider range, and if some attempt were made to trace out causes as well as to ascertain facts. Of course it is not desirable that the Registrar- General should theorise upon the phe- nomena which his department may be the means of placing on record. That duty would devolve upon some one else, but in supplying all ascertainable parti- culars bearing upon the agriculture of the colony, he would furnish food for reflection to both scientific men and practical agriculturists, and so would thoroughly perform his share of the business. We do not know the nature of the instructions issued to the collectors, but whatever they may be, they are obviously interpreted or obeyed in an extremely varied manner. Some are brief and curt in their reports—others discursive and voluminous. Some are so niggard of words, that when they have individualised the several cereals, each in a little paragraph by itself, they can add no more, while others branch off into geology and politics, or enrich their reports with copious extracts from the writings of other authors. Some, excusably enough, enlarge upon the facilities which their districts present for passenger and goods traffic, while others, descending to the smaller topics of village gossip, put it on re- cord in the Registrar-General's report that the schoolmaster's pay is in arrear, or that the bishop has recently held a confirmation. These little incongrui- ties could easily be avoided in future. If the collectors had it in charge to in- quire into the additional particulars which we have mentioned above, they would have no time to waste in frivolous, or irrelevant investigations, and the new facts ascertained would, we cannot but think, greatly enhance the value of their own labour and of Mr. ARCHER'S ingenuity and skill. His Excellency the Governor and a select party of friends will dine on board the steam- ship Great Britain on Wednesday next, at two o'clock. If the weather be favourable, it is probable that steam will be got up for a short run down the bay. It has not yet been fixed when, the inter- colonial conference on the postal question will take place. The trustees of the Public Library have re- ceived a large engraved portrait of the King of the Netherlands, presented by His Majesty to the library through the consul for the Netherlands. Mr. J. W. Ploos van Amstel. On Saturday evening, according to a plea- sant custom, which has now become annual, the proprietors entertained the members of the literary and commercial staffs of The Argus and The Australasian, and a few friends, at dinner at Scott's Hotel. Mr. Mackinnon filled the chair. The loyal and other toasts usual on such occasions were not forgotten, and the evening throughout was of the most enjoyable character. Mr. Scott catered with his customary efficiency. At the London Tavern, on Saturday last, Mr. H. J. Smith, head of the reporting staff of The Argus, was entertained at a dejeuner by his late colleagues on the staff of another Melbourne morning newspaper, who took the occasion to present him with a very hand- some ormolu clock, as a mark of the respect and regard for him engendered during an association of some years. Pressure upon our space has rendered it necessary to hold over the report furnished by our special reporter of the trial for arson at Daylesford, which still drags its slow len[illegible]. [Illegible] visiting the Sunbury Industrial Schools [illegible]w, and acquainted with what their condition once was, can fail to be impressed with the great improvement that has taken place. Formerly the children looked dull, melancholy, and wretched—now the large majority are the very picture of health, and are evidently happy and contented, whilst their appearance shows that they are well fed and well cared for. There are at present some 640 children in the school, and prior to the measles breaking out there were only about half-a-dozen on the sick-list. There were at one time 360 ill with the prevailing epidemic, and there are now forty in the hospital, but all are rapidly regaining health. The new dietary scale, and the discretion allowed the superin- tendent in changing the food, have been pro- ductive of very beneficial effects. A large additional quantity of land is now being pre- pared for next season's crops, and in the gar- den there are five and twenty thousand vines, which will be planted out as soon as the proper time arrives. From the garden at- tached to the institution one and a half tons of vegetables were procured last month, and two tons the month before last. Many of the boys are making considerable progress in the trades which they are learning. All the tailoring, we believe, is done in the establish- ment ; and some thirty-five pairs of boots are turned out every week, supplying not only all the boys at Sunbury, but most of those at Prince's-bridge. The average price of these boots is 3s. 1d. per pair, and they are found to last more than twice as long as those for- merly supplied by the contractor, which averaged about 7s. per pair. There is also a bakery, where all the bread for the institu- tion is made ; and a carpenter's shop and a blacksmith's shop are to be commenced almost immediately. On Friday last a very pleasant reunion took place at St. Philip's School, East Colling- wood, when nearly 300 ladies and gentlemen responded to an invitation given by the committee, through the incumbent, the Rev. B. Walker, to be present. Some two years ago it was thought well that there should be some celebration of the anniversary of the commencement of the church (the foundation-stone of which was laid on the 29th December, 1863), and they decided to hold a conversazione, for the purpose of promoting Christian unity. The Rev. Mr. Walker opened the meeting with prayer, and addressed a few words in reference to the object of the meeting, and alluded to its being the third anniversary of his appoint- ment as their minister. Great praise is due to the secretary of the conversazione com- mittee, Mr. G. G. Crespin, for the carrying out of the arrangements, as also to Mr. Droke and others who assisted him. Read- ings, recitations, singing, and music kept the company in good spirits till eleven o'clock, when all joined in the National Anthem, and separated well pleased. At a special general meeting of the members of the Melbourne Bowling Club, held at the green on Saturday, it was unanimously re- solved, on the motion of Mr. James Stodart, seconded by Mr. C. Howden, that the call of one guinea from each member to pay existing liabilities be complied with, it being impera- tively necessary, to cover the working expenses of the club, and to clear of all debts. The chairman stated that since the month of June last, when present directors took office, £77 of debt had been wiped off. A correspondent complains of the manner in which the men working at Spencer- street railway station are treated. Many, he says, have been dismissed by the time-keeper with- out reference to the traffic superintendent, and they are often required to extend their hours of labour in a most unreasonable way. A "Resident of Echuca" desires to call the attention of the Government to the fact, that the township has been laid out on a strip of land between the Murray and the Campaspe so restricted in its dimensions that the exten- sion of the borough is scarcely possible. He also complains that the situation of the police barracks is inconvenient, and that the distance of the railway station from the town is not conducive to the business of Echuca. A report by Colonel Anderson on the annual course of musketry instruction of the volun- teer force which commenced on the 1st November, 1865, and terminated on the 31st May, 1866, has been presented to Parliament. 3,007 men completed the course ; the number in the previous year having been 2,663. The average points in shooting show a marked improvement. The ten corps which stand highest in merit are ranged as under :—1st, Bendigo ; 2nd, Melbourne and North Mel- bourne ; 3rd, Maldon ; 4th, Emerald-hill Artillery ; 5th, Pentridge ; 6th, 1st Castle- maine ; 7th, East Collingwood ; 8th, East Melbourne Artillery ; 9th, Sandridge Naval Corps ; 10th, Collingwood Rifles. The highest score during the course was made by Sergeant Mumby, of the 1st Ballarat Rifles, who made 188 points. A concert, under the direction of Mr. Horsley, took place at the Intercolonial Ex- hibition on Saturday. It attracted a nu- merous audience, and afforded a very agreeable afternoon's entertainment. The programme included madrigals and part-songs by the Orpheus Union ; vocal solos by Miss Warden, Miss Liddell, Miss Watson, Mrs. Fox, and Mr. Angus ; and instrumental se- lections by Mr. Horsley and Mr. Schott. The efforts of the various singers were generally of a successful character, and deserving of the approbation manifested by the company. Mr. Horsley's amusing composition, " Sing a Song of Sixpence," and "Jack and Gill," was happily given, and repeated in response to an encore. The execution of a selection from "Il Trovatore" on the oboe and corno- Anglaise, by Mr. Schott, provoked a demand for its repetition. The artist contented him- self by bowing his acknowledgement of the compliment. Among the pieces played upon the organ by the conductor we may men- tion, as entitled to special commendation, the performance of Mendelssohn's overture to "A Midsummer Night's Dream." The Intercolonial Exhibition was attended on Saturday by 4,302 persons, of whom 2,082 were season-ticket holders. The visitors in- cluded seventy-two boys and four attendants from Sunbury schools, and five boys and one attendant from the ship Deborah, admitted free. The meetings of jurors for to-day are fixed as follows :—Sections 20 and 21—Archi- tectural and engineering maps, drawings, charts, and plans, nine a.m.; Section 4a— Furs, silk, and feathers, ten a.m.; section 12— Leather, eleven a.m.; section 19—Printing, stationery, and bookbinding, eleven a.m.; Section 7b—Timber, bark, and fibres, half- past two p.m. ; Section 16—Sculpture, paint- ing, lithographs, and carving, half-past three p.m. ; Section 5—Meat, fish, fowl, butter, cheese, and gluten, three p.m. ; Section 16a— Photographs, four p.m. ; Sections 4b and 12c— Bonedust, charcoal, oils, wax, soap and candles, five p.m.; Section 23b—Musical instruments, half-past five p.m. ; Section 25b —Naval and military engineering, eleven a.m. ; Addenda—Natural history, two p.m. Mr. Horsley has met with a slight accident, but he will perform as usual from two to three p.m. In the evening, Professor Hughes will take Mr. Horsley's duties. The Intercolonial Cricket Match between Victoria and Tasmania terminated on Satur- day aftenoon, in favour of the latter colony, with five wickets to spare. The public at- tendance was much larger than on Friday, there being about a thousand persons on the ground. The Tasmanians return to Laun- ceston by steamer this morning. It is not very generally known that John Glover, one of the founders of the modern school of water-colour drawing, and who took a leading part in founding the Water-colour Painters' Society, is in a way identified with this part of the world. After, a great career, he arrived in Tasmania—then Van Diemen's Land —a shattered man, to die, in 1849, leaving a few sketches of the unsurpassed scenery of that delightful island to perpetuate his memory. Very lately a number of his English sketch- books have been brought to Melbourne, and have come into the hands of Mr. J. W. Hines, of the "Exhibition of Fine Arts," in Collins-street east, where they are now open for inspection by the curious. As illustrating the more mechanical elements of the art of sketching, they are as invaluable to the art- student as some of the complete drawings are delightful to the connoisseur. The thirteenth quarterly meeting for matches of the Williamstown Rifle Club was held at the local butts on Saturday after- noon, to compete for the new challenge cup and the various prizes subscribed. The con- ditions of these matches were in every respect similar to the previous ones, the distances in the first match being 200, 500, and 600 yards, and in the second match 700 and 800 yards, seven rounds at each range. The first prize was a silver cup, valued at £15 15s., with £2 added, the cup to become the absolute pro- perty of any member winning it three times. It was carried off by Lieutenant Rees, who made fifty-five points. Sergeant Knight won the second prize, £2, by fifty-one points ; Gunner Bartlett, the third prize, £1, by making forty- seven points ; the fourth prize of 10s. being won by Gunner Beeching, who also made forty-seven points. In the second match there were three prizes, the first being 30s. ; the second, 20s. ; and the third 10s., which were won as follow :—1. Gunner M'Cann, thirty-five points ; 2. Sergeant Douch, thirty- three points ; 3. Gunner Rider, twenty-three points. Gunner Martin also made twenty- three points in this match, but lost in shoot- ing off. On Saturday afternoon, a heavy-gun drill match between members of the East Mel- bourne Artillery corps took place at the Emerald-hill central battery on the sixty- eight-pounder guns. Three detachments, under Sergeants Wardill, Dall, and Bruce, contested for the prize, valued at £10. Two rounds of solid shot and two of common shell were fired by each squad independently, at a target placed about 1,400 yards away in the bay. Some very good firing was made by all the guns, most of the shells appearing to burst directly over the target. The con- ditions of the match required that not only should correctness in firing and working the gun be a test of superiority, but that a general knowledge of the gun, with its various pro- jectiles, should be possessed by each member. Captain Snee again kindly accepted the office of judge, and on him devolved the whole control of the match, none of the officers of the corps taking any part in it. Colonel Anderson and Colonel Rede were present during the firing. A decision as to who are the winners will be given in a few days. This afternoon's meeting of the City Council is called for a quarter-past three o'clock. Amongst the items of business is a report of the Public Works Committee, re- commending that the services of the cleans- ing inspector be dispensed with, on account of that officer's culpable neglect of duty. On Saturday the premises in Collins-street east recently transformed into an Insolvent Court and offices, were taken possession of, and the old building closed for business. The process of removal has of course produced some little confusion, and it will probably be a few days before the records are again fairly at the dis- posal of the public. A young man named Morse, against whom a warrant was issued some weeks ago for passing valueless cheques, under circum- stances that were reported at the time, has been arrested by Detective Hudson. A man employed in an ironyard in Bourke- street west was taken into the Hospital on Saturday evening, very badly crushed, from a quantity of iron having fallen upon him. Mr. Candler held an inquest on Saturday, at Alphington, on the body of a child named Selina Georgina Smith, aged five years, who on the previous day was drowned in the Darebin Creek. While on their way home from school on Friday afternoon, deceased, with her two brothers and two sisters, went to the creek to fish. Two of them got on a log in the water, and deceased fell into the creek. The others gave the alarm, but the poor girl was drowned before help could be afforded. The jury returned a verdict of "accidentally drowned." A reward of £1 has been given from the police fund to Constable John Macdermott (896), at Moyston, for successfully prosecuting Philip Blashkit for disposing of goods by raffle. Continued reports of bush-fires reach us from various parts of the colony, and a good deal of damage has been done to station property by the destruction of fences and of fodder. The rains of last week came most opportunely to stay the progress of many ex- tensive and dangerous fires. In some cases these fires were the result of criminal care- lessness, and in others arson is suspected. Rewards are offered for the discovery of the persons who caused certain of them. The extremely hot weather has left its mark upon the public health. Nearly all our country contemporaries report a greater amount of sickness than is usual in their several dis- tricts, chiefly among children. Whooping- cough, measles, and dysentery, are the prevail- ing complaints. A letter from Auckland, in the Sydney Morning Herald, states that the home Go- vernment has declined to remove the head quarters of the troops in New Zealand from Auckland to Wellington. On the 1st inst., a young daughter of Mr. Buchanan, manager of the Union Bank of Australia, was present at the Caledonian games at Wellington, N.Z., and whilst eating some sandwiches, was seized with a choking fit, and died. By the You Yangs we have received Sydney papers to the 17th inst. The Herald contains later American News, received by way of San Francisco, the leading items of which are given in another column. A Maori, named Harry Tomert, was killed at Smeaton, being thrown from a horse on Thursday last. He was riding the horse with- out a saddle to water. After being thrown he was dragged about two miles by the halter, which he had tied to his wrist. The aboriginal cricketers, under Mr. T. W. Wills, will play the Ballarat Club on Thurs- day, the 31st January, and Friday, 1st Feb- ruary. The following day, Saturday, will be devoted to various athletic sports in which the aborigines will take part. A mining accident took place at Dayles- ford on Thursday. Three miners went up on the cage, and upon arriving at the brace two of them jumped out. The third, William Robe, who was standing behind the lift bar of the cage, endeavoured to follow, but he got fearfully jammed. He was conveyed to the hospital in a very dangerous con- dition. On Thursday, near Kyneton, a farmer named Flynn was thrown from the driving seat of his reaping machine. With a great effort he managed to get clear of the knives, but the wheel of the machine passed over his body, inflicting serious injuries. " On 17th January," says the Ballarat Star, "Mr. Thomas Hopper, district coroner, Carngham, was returning home from Happy Valley on horseback, and had reached the lower end of Snake Valley, when his horse threw him Mr. John Russell, on hearing of the accident, at once took his vehicle to the place, and conveyed Mr. Hopper home. His medical attendant is not apprehensive of a fatal result " At Lal Lal, on Thursday, a boy, ten years of age, the son of Mr. Donald Cameron, was so severely injured by a kick from a horse that he died on the following day. On the night of Saturday, 12th inst., the True Briton Hotel, Caledonian Gully, was burned down. In connexion with this fire a singular circumstance is reported. During its progress immense swarms of a small kind of beetle came from the surrounding bush, as if attracted by the fire. These insects were the source of great annoyance to those who were near the fire ; they managed to get under people's clothing in great numbers, and then bites were like a sharp prick from a pin. "Several horses paddocked on a farm at Caribrook," says the Maryborough Adver- tiser, "have been suffering very severely from a disease of the eye, which is supposed to be caused by flies, which attack the horses' eyes during the hot weather, for the sake of the moisture found there. After a time the eyes become covered with a film that obstructs the sight, and it is feared that notwithstanding the remedies used, some of the animals will lose their eyesight " An accident by lightning (says the Leader) occurred on Talbot Flat last Sunday evening about ten o'clock. Mr. Jacobson was sitting in front of a house, when something seemed to strike him on the head, and he partly lost consciousness for about half an hour. The cause was a flash of lightning proceeding from a straggling cloud which just then passed over the spot. The same flash forced open the front door of the house with great violence, but inflicted no further damage. The atmos- phere was perfectly quiet at the time. Mr. Jacobson ascribes his escape from serious harm to the hat he wore being lined with flannel. The keeper of a Chinese opium shop, in Ballarat, was sentenced, on Friday, to three months' imprisonment, on a charge of allow- ing persons of low character to assemble on his premises. During the hearing of the case it appeared that young girls and women were in the habit of frequenting the prisoner's establishment, and there smoking opium with Chinese. The Talbot Leader reports:—"An accident of a very singular character happened on Tuesday, at the Great Tunnel Company's claim, Mount Greenock. The tunnel is on a very steep incline, and when a truckful of dirt was half-way to the surface, the horse in the whim stumbled and fell. Unable by him- self to raise the animal, the topman signalled to the men below to come to his assistance. This was done, and several of the men pro- ceeded to lash the whim, so as to hinder the loaded truck descending, whilst they extri- cated the horse. While this was being done, the horse suddenly made a jump, and got on its legs, which so jerked the whim that the lashings gave way, and the whim, free of restraint, revolved, the arm striking the horse, which fell, and again rose only a second time to be knocked down. In the meantime, the loaded truck descended the incline with such force and rapidity that the empty one was drawn up and completely smashed against the poppet-heads. It is remarkable that the horse was entirely uninjured by its repeated blows, and the machinery sustained no damage whatever from the rough usage it received. " The Bacchus Marsh Express reports upon the harvest in its district as follows:—"The reaping of the crops in this neighbourhood is nearly over ; the click of the reaping machine has given place to the shrill whistle of the steam-engine. No less than six are now busily employed on the different farms, all within a few miles of the township. We are glad to learn that the crops, both in quantity and quality, are turning out fully as well as was expected. With few exceptions, the grain will be of superior quality ; the late crops, in some instances, have suffered from the rust, but to nothing like the same extent as in former years. Several waggon loads of barley have already been forwarded to Keilor- road for the Melbourne market " The Western Times (Portland) observes:— "Some active, enterprising individuals are utilising the whalebones that for so many years have been lying on the beach. Between nine and ten tons were shipped on board the schooner Tommy on Monday " A beautiful sample of pure pipeclay has been taken from Mr. E. Henty's property, on Muntham, where any quantity of it is to be found underlying quartz. On Thursday last a warrant was issued against the Hon. Mr. Mitchell by the Kyne- ton Bench, for non-payment of a fine of 5s. inflicted on him for neglecting to destroy thistles. The Warrnambool Sentinel regrets "to state that in some parts of the district the statements lately published, that there would be very heavy crops this year, cannot be borne out by experience. We have carefully examined crops of several farmers in the vicinity of the great agricultural centre of Koroit, and found to our dismay that the wheat which looked so well would not bear closer inspection. In some eases the ears were quite empty, and in others there was nothing but a small patched grain. It is certainly fortunate so far, that there are few of our farmers relying upon wheat solely as a crop." Nevertheless, we observe that the farmers and tradesmen of the district are arranging for a public dinner in honour of the harvest. We observe that the Tasmanian Morning Herald (formerly the Hobart Town Adver- tiser) has ceased to be published, and that a new journal—the Telegraph—has been com- menced in its place. The pantomime of "Gulliver" was played for the last time at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. It was preceded by "Leah, the Forsaken," with the characters distributed as on previous representations of the piece at this theatre. There was a mode- rate attendance. The management intends to try the fortune of a Shakesperian "revival," and this, evening "The Winter's Tale" is to be performed. There was a large house at the Haymarket Theatre on Saturday night, to witness the performance of the " Woman in Red." The attraction of Madame Celeste's great imper- sonation remains undiminished, and it is probable that the piece will run during the whole of this week. It has been arranged that the Princess's Theatre shall be open on certain nights, in order that the members of Mr. Hall's com- pany, who would have been entitled to benefits under his management, may not be deprived of that consideration. The first of these performances came off on Saturday night for the benefit of Miss Tilly Earl, one of the most pleasant and popular actresses at the Princess's. There was a mode- rate house. The comedy of the "Honey- moon" was played, the leading male charac- ters being sustained by amateurs, and Miss Fanny Brown taking the part of Zamora. The piece went off with considerable success, and was followed by the pantomime of " Lady Belle- Belle." Messrs. Ross, Carlo, and Leon Samwells appeared in the harlequinade. The New Hospital Committee beg to acknowledge, through Mr. James Service and Mr. John M'Kenzie, the following sub- scriptions in aid of the building fund :—The Hon. J. G. Francis, £50; the Hon. John Sherwin, M.L.C., £25; Messrs. M'Callum, Neill, and Co., £25 ; Messrs. Buckley and Nunn, £25 ; the Bank of Australasia, £100 ; the Union Bank of Australia, £100. Mr. J. MacBain begs to acknowledge the receipt of £50 from Mr. James Butchart, of Melbourne (now in Scotland), for disposal as follows :—Melbourne Hospital, £10 ; Benevo- lent Asylum, £10 ; the Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society, £5 ; Deaf and Dumb In- stitution, £5 ; Melbourne Orphan Asylum, £5 ; Smith-street Ragged-school, £5 ; Blind Asylum, £10. At the weekly meeting of the Committee of Management of the Benevolent Asylum the superintendent reported the state of the house to be as follows :—Men, 310 ; women, 109 ;—total, 419. There were 16 applications for admission, of these 5 were agreed to, and 11 refused for want of room. The com- mittee beg to acknowledge a donation of £1 from "A.," and 5s. worth of postage stamps from "E. B.," per Mr. A. J. Smith, in aid of the funds of the asylum. 