THURSDAY, JANUARY 3, 1867. With a blazing sun in an ,unclouded sky, a wind only strong enough to make the heat felt, the thermometer some- where about lOOdeg. in the shade, and no immediate prospect of a change, it would be hard on South Yarra to deny it the privilege of a growl at the short- ness of the water supply which it expe- riences. When the inhabitants __ of that interesting suburb were dependent upon the primitive water-cart, fed from some friendly pump or from some dirty bend of the river, they knew what they had to expect, and they bore their sufferings with the fortitude of martyrdom. But since the Water Department has assumed dominion over them, since they aro within the circuit of the Yan Yean, since they are exposed to pains and penalties for the waste of the precious fluid, and since the LILLIVICK of the department, with his pertinacious knock, is a periodical and irresistible visitor, it is entirely consistent that South Yarra should grumble when the supply which it pays for is not pro- vided. Grievous lias been the lamen- tation within the last few days. Feeble have been the pure mountain-born streams that have flowed languidly through the iron courses provided for them. Shower baths, in consequence, have been mere drizzles; plunge baths impossibilities. The gardens have been left unwatered, the roofs and Avails uncooled. All the disagreeables of the hottest period of an unusually hot season have been in- tensified by the failures or neglects of the Government AQVAKIUS-and South Yarra is in rebellion. It is all very well for the AQUARIUS aforesaid to plead, as he probably will do, that he has a very numerous and interesting family to supply. It is pos- sible that he may tell us that those hot-headed fellows in Collingwood, and the at present equally warm and well roasted denizens of Richmond-to say nothing of the cits of Melbourne itself -have shown such a partiality for the Yan Yean since the warm weather set in, that there is no getting a drop of water past their taps. Small blame to them, we say, if they have made the most of the blessing carried to their doors. But even in Fitzroy the growl from South Yarra is re-echoed. "We hear that suburb not only repudiating the in- sinuation that it has received more than "its'-fair share of water, but absolutely grumbling that yesterday it had none at all. What lias our Governmental ' AQUABiuS"to_say to this state of things ? Is the demand higher up on the line of the Yan Yean supply1? Have the requirements of Northcote and Preston become so severe in these piping times that the pellucid stream cannot be per- suaded to flow further south than the famed Red House? Have the moun- tains themselves become thirsty, and refused to continue the springs which feed the Yan Yean ? Has the time in which the state philosophers calculated that it would be possible to empty the great reservoir itself been anticipated by mistakes in their figures; or has ?the sun played the part of FOUTUNIO'S Tippler, and drunk up the waters to such an extent that the current through the pipes has become too small to sustain the demands made upon it? Whatever the couses of the present short supply, it is devoutly to be hoped that they will speedily cease. We are aware that works for the increase of the supply, to meet the rapid extension of the service-pipes, are in progress. These are of some magnitude and dUficulty, and it ii probable that till they are finished little can be done to romovc the cause of the complaints in which , our South Yarra and Fitzroy correspon- dents indulge. It is idle to preach self-denial -when tho tongue- cleaves to the roof of the mouth with thirst. ' It is needless to preach economy in the use of the water to those who have it, that those who have1 none may come in for some small share of the blessing. Weather such as we are at present experiencing is well calculated to make men selfish in this matter. It is better that the fountain-head should furnish the fullest supplies of which it is capable, at the 'risk of some little im-" providence, than that those whom the water reaches should not use it. Long before next hot season, we trust, the chief causes of the present deficiency will be remedied. As the Yan Yean rate is compulsory, and as its pro- duce forms a very large item of re- venue in the tables of the Treasurer from period to period^ . the Govern- ment are bound to prosecute those works with the greatest vigour. Among the first of tho essentials to health, the greatest necessity, and perhaps the greatest comfort of life, is' an abundant supply of pure water. The theme is too trite, however, for sermonising on now. The question between the consumer and the Government in reality has reduced itself to one of bargain. Tho Treasurer has taken the water-rate from the consumer, and he cannot lesson or cut off the supplies which he has agreed to furnish without a breach of contract, That this " cutting off," or reduction of measure, should take ijlace in the dog days is an aggravation of the injury. Mr. LILLIVICK, when he took severe mea- sures against a defaulting consumer, was by no mean» so unjust as is our Government AQUARIUS, who refuses a refreshing shower to a perspiring rate- payer in South Yarra, or a teapotful of the precious beverage to a Fitzroyan lover of the cup that cheers but not inebriates. Mr. LILLIVICK only ex- tended his unfriendly attentions to a natural enemy. The man who would not pay the water rate did not deserve to have the water; but in tim case, the ?water is paid for, is desired, and is not to be had. We hope the difficulty will be only of a temporary character. To pass through the present month with an uncertainty as to our supplies of Yan Yean, would add one more, and the greatest of all, to the natural plagues of the season. Not here, alas, " Cauld " blaw the blasts o' Januar' wind." The breezes may be zephyr-like, but then this zephyr is born in nature's own oven, To notice a grievance, in most cases, is to cure it ; and we trust our friendly remonstrances with our particular AQUARIUS on this occasion mil have that good effect, The Mediterranean was the basin of ancient civilisation, the Atlantic is that of themodern, and the Pacific maybe equally conspicuous in the future as a highway of the nations. Twenty years ago its waters were solitary enough ; but within a short score of years its shores have be- come the great gold countries of the world; and besides the progress thus suddenly [aroused in California, Aus- tralia, British Columbia, and New Zea- land, an entirely new region, previously desolate and virtually unknown, is fast becoming populated and civilised under the auspices of Russia. That adven- turous power, checked in Europe, has been employing her energies- with fairer success in the East. The in- hospitable territories which are her hereditary share of the Pacific coasts afforded little field for colonisation and development. Not much could be done with frozen Kamtschatka and the barren mainland inside tlie sea of Okhotsk, and bhu accordingly advanced southward in quest of better soil and a genial climate. With little ceremony she seized the Amoor country, appertaining to China, and the opposite island of Saghalien, a dependency of Japan, and there she has comfnenced the task of new empire building with a vigour and skill ±o which the few of our travellers who have yet found their way to those re- mote districts bear ample witness. There is no longer the same appre- hension of the ambition of the Mus- covite which was general a few years since. It is a very brief period since he was a veritable bugbear to Europe, an idea mainly excited by the predictions of NAPOLEON and the songs of BERANGER. But groat men can be mistaken in their calculations as well as smaller mortals, and the Crimean war-a very partial effort of the Western nations, for they- could have dealt far more effective and crippling strokes than the destruction of Sebas- topol-showed how very easily the pride of Russia could be humbled, and her' designs foiled, when states like France and England agreed to humble her. The Cossack will never again, as the poet feared, water Ivis courser in the rivers of the West. If he did it once, it was only because he had annies of the West on his side. But granting the restless [ambition of the Czars, and all the curious hopes transmitted to them by PETER-granting their persistent designs on Constantinople, and that their conquests at the present moment in ¡Central Asia, in Khiva, and Bokhara, may one day be formidable to our Indian border, and may require to be dealt with, like their aggressions in Europe, by war-grantingall these things, and the new alliance too with America, we may nevertheless safely say that Russia is not likely again to evoke such expectations as those of BERANGER or BONAPARTE. Her weak points have been exhibited, and it was strangely for- gotten that, while one empire was thus marvellously growing, others were not standing still, but were even in greater degree spreading, creating new forces, new population, new means of industry, strength, action of all sorts. What has been the progn&s;,of Russia in the pre- sent generation, in her grip of the globe, in comparison with that of England ? Britain's colony of New South Wales has become Australia, Canada is half of North America, and the Cape district is already South Africa. That is expan- sion indeed, and since most of us were at school ! And the material difference I between such English and Russian pro- gress is, that in the one 'case it has been an affair of colonisation, and in the other of conquest. In the one ca,se the population is of the mother country-in the other, it is of some in- digenous or conquered race ; and so in the' two cases there is a very serious difference in the elements of strength. Russia's one exceptional instance is the l Amoor territory. . There, indeed, her I business has been purely colonisation, íjo, whatever we may think of Mus I covite advance in other quarters, we must wish it well oil the Amoor. It is a gain to the world to have countries only roamed over by rude barbarous tribes become the seats of settled popu- lation. And that region is of ancient note, though unvisited by strangers, and wholly unknown to them till lately. It furnished the shaggy horsemen of ATTILA and ZENOHIS KHAN*, those Huns ajid Mongols who at various periods so disastrously molested Europe. Their hordes attacked civilisation on every side ; they imposed * their dynasties on China, and their country, with no> advantage to itself, became thereby an appanage of that empire. But the course of events has changed, and the tide of civilisation has invaded them, in their solitudes. Russia knows well how to deal with barbarians, for she retains a spice of the barbarous or pri- mitive spirit 'herself-an element of strength always if tempered by civilised intelligence. She does not offend their pride or trample on their prejudices, ¡. and thus it is that Baskirs and Cal mucks are very faithful subjects to the CZAR. The CZAR, with those wild ti ibes, plays the part of a father. Like a father, he is absolute and imperative, but he takes care that in no details of official management the idea of his paternal considerateness shall be ignored. There is a great deal in the system of Russia which deserves the' careful study of Governments which" have to manage foreign and uncivilised races. Civilised populations rise in insurrection against the authority of St. Petersburg, but loaming hordes, which might easily place themselves outside its reach, cheerfully obey its nile. ' As for the work doing along the Amoor, we hear that the country is getting really " settled," and that under Euro- pean direction, not by European hands. Siberian tribes have been transferred, and the local ones successfully acted on. Fields are planted, towns raised, roads opened. The advance is not so rapid as in Australia or America, where men from civilised countries are the actual workers, but the change is estab- lished though there is no local press to publish it ; and a new community'and a new market for commerce are being rapidly prepared in the North Pacific. It is good news for a mercantile people that recently desolate shores on what we may call our own ocean, are thus occupied. It is promise of additional room for our mercantile enterprise. And, of course, if we should happen to be again opposed to Russia in war, it gives her facilities unpossessed before of desultory annoyance or regular assault. But that we duly understand, and a little further preparation will make the colonies safe against any such dan- ger. We do not fear that we shall not be able to play our part in the future, and worthily sustain it. Exceptional considerations are not of much moment in contrast with general interests, and with these the progress of all countries within our reach has close relation. AVc understand that the conference on the Border Customs question has been postponed foi a few day¡>-probably till emly next week. Messrs. Martin and Eagar did not arrive yes- terday as expected, the weather liai ing ,t>ecn so bot in the Beechworth district as to prevent tbeir travelling. The settling on-the events of the Champion meeting will take place to-night, at the Albion Hôtel. In roiincxion with the amateur instru- mental^ and vocal concert given to the in- mates of the Benevolent Asylum on Thurs- day evening last, it was omitted to be stated that Mr. Whiteman, M.L.A. foi-Emerald hill, contributed not a little to the amuse. ment of-thc evening. The greater number of holiday visitors fiom the country quitted town j-estciday, and some very heavy down trains were despatched fiom the Spencei- strcet station. It was als» a busy day on the Melbourne and Hobson'si Bay Hailway, amongst the passcngeis on thi« line being the children of the Industrial School, who weie taken to Brighton beach, where they spent the day in a picnic, leturn ing safely in the evening. "We are requested to state that the Bishop of Melbourne will hold a confiimation at St. Thomas's Church, Essendon, on Sunday after- noon next. The bishop will also pieach at the same church in the evening. "Vindex" has Again written to us saying thal, in the face of the sworn testimony of Mr. Wise and his assistant, it would bo vviong in him to insist that he might nob have been mistaken as to the language made use of by Mr. Francis's son, since it is alleged that "hang you " was what was uttered, and not the stionger expression mentioned in "Vindex's" first letter. Our correspondent alsb states that his belief in what he heard was strengthened by an exclamation whick he quotes, respecting the conduct of the boys, made by a gentleman who was present. This controversy must now end, so far as we are concerned. . . ' The temperatuie lins ranged very high during tho last two days,-'and the heat has made itself felt most oppressively. We have not indeed had any northerly simooms heated with their long course over the hot arid plains of the inteiior, but the sky has been cloudless and very clear, without tho slightest v eil of vapour to mitigate the intense blaze of the sun, and with but very little bree«« indeed to bear away the heated air, and produce a circulation in the atmosphere. The maximum temperature at the Observatory on Tuesday was, in the shade 96", in the sun, 120'6°. There were a few slight breezes at times yesterday from the southward, the cflect of which was to ¡somewhat lower the temperature as compaied with the pieviou* day, the highest point reached in the shade being 89°, and in the sun 117'3°. About mid- night on the 1st tho thermometer fell to 5ä" in the shade, thus îanging 43° within the day. It tnay afford renders some comfort to know the heat, as we had it yesterday, was nothing compared with that felt at Ade- laide, a telegram from the observatory of that city received by Mr.- Ellery stating the temperature at nine o'clock yesterday morn- ing at 140° in the sun. Allowing about 11" as the probable increase before the maximum of the day was reached, the good folles at Adelaide had the advantage of us to tho ex- tent of some 43*. The bky at sunset last evening assumed an appearance as thougk a change might be looked for ; largo masses of electric-looking clouds arose o«. different parts of the horizon, and after daric united in a close veil over the whole surface of the sky : a few flashes of lightning were seen, some large rain-drops fell, and stray gusts of wind from vaiious quarters now and then filled the e>trccts of the city with cloud«* of dust, but'at a later hour the air again became still and sultry' to a most excessive degree. At sunset the wind at the Heads blew a gale from theW.S.W., hut the cool wind did not extend to Melbourne. A fire broke out about noon yesterday, in a small two-roomed cottage occupied by Mrs. Giles, in a right-of-way off Little Bourke-street west, near Quccn- street. The fire-brigade from Bourkc-strcct west were promptly on the spot, and extinguished the fire almost immediately. "Wo noticed yesterday the fine appearance made on the racecourse by a large party o£ drajmeu and their friends. They were, wo "believe, the employés of Mr. Carrick and of the Victoria Sugar Company, who received a treat from Mr. Carrick. A small but very fine collection-of English song-birds, just landed from tho steamship Great Britain, may bo seen at the City Buffet, in Bourke-street, where they are on sale. They comprise canaries, mules, larks, and linnet?. Tlie 'former u ore prize-birds at home. The loiks are in full song. There were twenty-two baskets of fish sold yestciday at the fish market, the kinds being whiting, fiathcads, silver-fish, and pilchards. The aveiage price was 25s. per basket. \ The attendance at the Exhibition keeps np remarkably well. Tho show was visited yesterday by a .large number of persons, the returns being as fol- lows :-Season pass tickets.-From ten a.m. to five p.m., 089; from seven p.m. to ten p.m, 199. Cash admissions.-From ten a.m. to live p.m., 1,618 ; from seven p.m. to ten p.m., &15\. Total admissions, 2,751. Eighty-six boys, two instructors, and one offi- cer of the training ship, and twelve inmates of the Benevolent Asylum, were admitted free. _ trheie was again an attiactive musical enter- tainment, including singing by Madame ?Carandini, Miss Rosina Carandini, Miss Fanny Carandini, and Mr. Sherwin ; an organ pcifonnance, by Mr. Horsley; and solos on the coniet-a-piston, by Mr. Kohler. To-day theie will be a similai entertainment. Mr. Horsley will perfoim on the organ from two to three o'clock p.m. The selection of ?musicwill be the following :-Overture, "Les Deux Journées, " Cherubim ; selection, "Tro iatore,"Verdi ; overture, " Preciosa," Weber; March of All Nations (Lyric Mosque), Horsley; overture, "l"ra Diavolo,"-Auber ; March of the Priests, "Athalie," Mendels- sohn. We arc requested by the commissioners of the Exhibition to intimate to exhibitors that, as the jurors have now commenced their .duties of examining the various exhibits, all ];c>s of cases should be lodged in the hands of Mr. J. G. Knight. Kumouis bave been ciieulated to the effect that a gnu c disturbance has occurred among the prisoners at Pentridge Stockade, and as a sort of consequence the discipline of the in- stitution has been impugned. On inquiry, lie find that on the night after Christmas a number of prisoners, who had already boen placed in a lower ward for misconduct, led by that mysterious and eminently con- tagious instinct which occasionally induces prisoners to commit all sorts of semi-lunatic actions, commenced shouting in their cells and making a disturbance*. One managed to smash the glass window of his cell, and on hearing the noise a warden rang the alarm bell. The authoiities coining to the spot the cells were visited, but three were barri- caded by the inmates. Two were forced open, and the third man was eventually in -duced by hunger to open his door. One of those who had made the disturbance-a mere lad-made a threatening gesture at a warder with a portion of his bed. These circum- stanced, by no means uncommon in any large prison in the world, having been in .quired into by the visiting magistrates, led to some additional punishments being inflicted on the lighter-sentenced men who thus dis- tinguished themselves. Some were ordered to undergo a month and some six months' extia imprisonment, one prisoner being sen- tenced to twelve months longer detention in gaol. The majority of theiioters were longsen tenced men. One had been sent to gaol for life, another for twenty-five years, another fifteen years, and so on. One of the most forward of those iilio made the noise wau not punished at all for this ?additional offence, his mind having been unsettled when the row took place. With the facts of this disturbance has been mixed up the story of a prisoner ii ho tluee months ago nearly "succeeded in oiiening his cell door with a skeleton-key, which he-a blacksmith-had forged in the prison smithy. The possibility of the feat being repeated has led to the taking of uinplu precautions. There is nothing in tlie affair worth notice. The dis- cipline and regulations of the establishment -cluain the same now as for some years past, the work, the diet, and the general arrange- ments being in almost every instance identi- cal with those of the principal ponai esta- blishments of the world. We notice that a coach -is to run from the Varieties, Bourke-street, to Fern- tree Gully Inn, e^ery Saturday afternoon, returning to Melbourne at an eaily hour on Monday morn- ing. This will be a great convenience to picnic pal ties. A meeting of market gardeners is called for the evening of the 9th instant, at the Chel- tenham Hotel, Cheltenham, to receive a re- port from the market committee, and to take steps for making the Emerald-hill Market permanent. The meeting will also be in- vited to take steps for the erection of a jetty at Mordialloc, and the removal of the manure depot there. The Collingwood drainage, which during the last two years has been the subject of much discussion, local bickering, and divided opinion, is at length rapidly becoming an accomplished fact. The borough council met with .considerable opposition and some litigation in the outset of the enterprise, fiom the extravagant demands of some of the property holders on the line. The last of these claims, decided last week by arbitra- tion, removes the only obstacle to this much needed improvement, The work was com- menced about two months ago by forming a drain, partly surface and partly by tunnel, from Wellington-street to Kicholson stieet, iii the course of which some heavy excavating through basaltic rock was en- countered, particularly so at the junction of Burlington and Charles streets. Between forty and fifty men are employed upon the woiks, and the contractor (Mr. Stranger) en- tertains no doubt, weather permitting, of having this line finished within the specified time. The contract price for this portion of the drainage scheme is £4,895 18s. Anew line, leading from Hoddlc-street, has also been commenced, under a fresh contract, by Mr. Mackenzie, which will be nearly all underground sewerage. A young woman named Mary A. Hogan was taken into the hospital last evening, at about ten o'clock, suffering from some very severe burns about the back, caused by her .clothes catching fire at the National Hotel, Brunswick-street. Mr. Candler held an inquest yesterday, at Bulleen, on the body of Philip William, alias Philip Sireli. Mr. Hoare, the landlord of the Doncaster Hotel, at Bulleen, stated that the deceased, who was a foreigner about forty years of age, had been in his employ- ment for about two years, and during the whole of that time he had always enjoyed good health till last Thursday, when he became ill. He got better next day, but afterwards grew worse, and died on Monday night. The jury, in accordance with the evidence of Dr. Barker, returned a verdict that the cause of death was inflammation of the bowels, from natural causes. Three inquests were held at Geelong yes- terday, by Dr. Shaw, the district coroner. One was as to the origin of a recent fire, whereby a wooden building, containing a quantity of grass hay, was consumed. The jury found that the fire occurred thiough spontaneous combustion, the hay being wet, and the roof of the building sufficiently open to admit the rain and the rays of the sun, It transpired that the property was, not in- sured. The second inquest was on the body of William Roberts, a lunatic, at the gaol, who died from softening of the brain. The other inquiry was touching the death of a young lad named David Pattie, who was thrown from the shaft of a water-cart, and run over by the wheel. The medical evidence showed that the pelvis was fractured and the bladder ruptured. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidental Death," and attached a rider to the effect that young boys should not be permitted to have charge of horses and vehicles. We are informed that two pairs of sparrows -genuine birds of the London streets, or the descendants of immigrants-have this season built nests and hatched their young under the caves of a cottage in Domain-road, South Yarra, where the whole party, young and old, may now he seen hopping about. Sparrows, in fact, are now thoroughly acclimatised in South Yarra. The children of the Duck Holes Common School were entertained, on Monday last, at a pic-nic, which took place near Mount Eliza, in a pleasant valley, through which flowed a stream of water. The children assembled in the schoolroom at ten o'clock a.m., and having sung a few favourite songs, prepared to wend their way to the ground, the use of which was kindly given by Mr. Scrivens. The day was beautifully fine. All the fair sex of the neighbourhood honoured the children and complimented the teacher (Mr. A. N. Thomas), who has but recently come among them with their presence. The usual tea- cakes and pastry, provided by the ladies, were soon unpacked, and ample justice done to them. Various games were then set a-foot. Towards five o'clock some of the ladies and gentlemen favoured the company with several popular songs, and the children sang a number of their school melodies. In con- cluding the day's amusements, Mr. Wood- man, of Monegetta, briefly addressed the children on the necessity of education, and of the advantages of obtaining it during youth. He then proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies for their kindness throughout the day, which was heartily responded to. It is understood here that it is in contem- plation toiemove Judge Brewer from Geelong to Gipps Land. Two little girls, named Nolan, have been severely burned in a small bush-fire, which lately took place in Emu Creek, Bendigo district. Bream, trout, cod, and hundreds of cray- fish, have íewarded the efforts of anglers lately in Maccallum's Creek, near Majorca. The Deep Creek there has also afforded good sport. Several nuggets fell to the lot of the miners in the Beaufort district at Christmas tide. Quax and mate, working in twenty foot ground, at Sulky Flat, about half way between Beaufoit and Glenlogie, got one weighing nearly nineteen ounces. A magistrate stated in the police-court at Smythesdale, on Monday, that a man had been sent to gaol three years ago, from Carn- gham, for having failed to find security to support his wife ; and that the man had been in enstody ever since, and to all appearance was likely to continue so. If this story is true, it lioints to something radically wrong in the law of this colony. Two exceedingly fine samples of wheat have been shown from the farm of Mr. Cundy, Mount Pleasant, Harcourt. One de- scription, the White Lama, was gi own from seed obtained from Adelaide, and it is ex- pected to average sixty bushels to the acre. The other sort, known as Itattling Tom, will yield neaily the same amount. - " The lion, the Attorney-General has re- fused an application made to him to prose- cute for perjury the lion. Richard Davies Ireland. Mr. Ireland is a member of the Executive Council, a member of Parlia- ment, and may again be an Attorney-General ; and it in possible," says the Banner of Belfast, " that so distinguished a law-maker and ad- ministrator of the law may bo allowed some latitude in the witness-box not affoided to more humble folk." The cause of complaint against Mr. Ireland arose out of a libel case in which ho gave evidence between Mr. John Hood, late member for Belfast, and Mr. O'Reilly, the proprietor of the paper from which the above is quoted. '' The Beechworth Mining Board sat on Saturday last," says a local journal, "but beyond what is technically termed the divi- sion of the plunder, that is to say the arrange- ment of the proportion which each member is to have of the Government grant for expenses, no business was done. The plunder was divided exactly in the same manner as at the last half-yearly meeting." In consequence of the discontinuance of the police escort, the price of gold at Beech- worth has been reduced by Cd. per ounce. A miner named Alfred Copas, who had been for many weeks on inmate of -Amherst hospital, and who died there, was found after death to have been the possessor of about £180 in cash and securities. Steps are being taken to recoup tho hospital for his board out of the money. A pic-nic party which proceeded to Point Hem y to enjoy their dinner al fresco during the late holidays, were much disappointed in not being able to get their vehicles to the beach. Since this time a year ago the Govern- ment has sold a number of allotments on the point, and the rood leads on to high land at the Bluff, which presents nothing but precipitous hanks to go down, and which are impassable for a carriage. This system of the ,Survey department marking out roads in a straight line irrespective of impediments is very often inconvenient, and at the present time the ship Champion of the Seas is lying off Point Henry, and communication to the shipping stage is cut off on the land side from the old road being fenced in. On Christmas Day a servant in the employ of a blacksmith at Cardigan was sent by her mistress to the dairy, where a cellar had been sunk for the purpose of keeping the milk cool. The girl was carrying a quantity of pastry, intended to be used on the after- noon to regale a number of the hosts' friends. After arranging the greater portion of the luxuries referred to, the girl, in turning round from the shelf whereon tho viands had been placed discovered that she had nearly trodden on a snake. Although n recent arrival she had heard of the deadly nature of the creature, and was so terrified that she jumped on the shelf, thereby de- stroying -,tho greater portion of the good things she had placed there for preservation. The good woman of thp house rushed to the rescue of the crockery, but on seeing the snake fainted without notice, much to' the annoyance of hor better half, who, on arriving, imagined that much rejoicing had made them mad, but on discovering the cause quickly despatched the intruder, which proved to be of the black species, and about eighteen inches long. Both the females remained in a state of insensibility for some time, and the servant, who was apparently disgusted at the, position in which she found herself, left without notice. The store and dwelling of Mr. Johnson, at the head of Eaglehawk, Bendigo, was burned to the ground on Kew Year's morning, about one o'clock. A few of the neighbours had been in the, house, which was at the rear of ' the store, seeing the old year out and the now year in, according to the custom in Scotland, but they did not remain long. Mr. Johnson, after seeing that everything was locked up safely, retired to the bedroom, carrying the lighted candle he had been using in his hand. While speaking to Ids wife the candle some- how carne in contact with the curtains of the bed, when they blazed up at once, and in three minutes the whole place was in flames. Mrs. Johnson ' escaped in her nightdress, and Mr. Johnson dashed into a room where he had money collected for the payment of accounts which fell due about the 1st of the month, but the melting zinc on the roof dropping on his back and burning him, while the flames were threatening him all around, compelled him to run out without saving anything. There was plenty of water iii the tank, and willing hands ready to help, but so speedy was the destruction that nothing could be saved. The building was a wooden one, and dry as tinder. Neither the building nor stock was insured, and the loss is esti- mated at something like £500, of which a considerable portion was iri money and gold. The Daylesford Express states that "Mr. Henry Septimus Hartley had been arrested at the Dry Diggings, charged with being accessary before the fact to firing the Belle "Vue Hotel. On Sunday night he was liberated on giving £1,000 security, with two sureties of £500 each, to appear. On the same day Mr. George Pat- terson was arrested at Chewton on a similar charge, but was admitted to bail on giving a similar amount of security, with Mr. M. Johnston as his surety for £1,000 more. George Carringham, in custody, as the alleged incendiary, wasj brought up again on Satur- day, and remanded for a week. We hear that Mr. Patterson is about to adopt measures that may lead to prosecution for conspiracy." Some of the organs of the farmers are be- coming impatient with the Minister of Lands. Tlie Geelong Beghier rates him roundly for not carrying out his promise to the deputa- tion of the fanners who waited upon him in the mattor of the land regulations, and cau- tions him against introducing another Amending Land Act. Madame Anna Bishop was giving concerts in Hong Kong in the early part of November. The journals speak enthusiastically of her performances. There was a good house at the Theatre Eoyal last evening, notwithstanding the un- comfortable heat of the atmosphere. The Lilliputian scene in "Gulliver" is an irre- sistible attraction. The acting of the children is channing, and reflects great credit upon Mr. H. Leopold, who trained them. The benefit of Mr. Akhurst, the author of the prelude to the pantomime, is fixed for the 17th instant. There was a moderate attend- ance at the Haymarket, where the enter- tainments commenced with the pantomime of the "Four Champions," for the special behoof of the juveniles. The afterpiece wa; "TheIllustriousStranger." AtthePrincess's Theatre, the - programme of the previous evening was repeated to a numerous audi encc. In the course of the proceedings r cricket bat was presented by Mrs. J. L. Hal to Mr. Wills, the captain of the aborigiiio. eleven. The following is the report of the residen! surgeon of the Lying-in Hospital for tin month ending 31st December :-Remaining in hospital at date, 31 ; admitted in month 40 ; out patients in month, 492 ; new cases ii; month, 95. 