WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 16, 1867. Only a few of our readers, probably, aro aware that an intercolonial show of wool takes place to-day in Melbourne, in con- nexion with an exhibition of Merino wool, open to all the world, to bo held in London in August next. And of those few how many are there who take any i special interest in the subject? Yet all are concerned in an export which helps so largely to pay for the good and needful things we require from the old country, and one, above every other, capable of increase both in quantity and value, Although it is the fashion to talk of runs as being fully or over-stocked, room will be found for the extra million or so of ! sheep reared every year, notwithstanding the occasional droughts and other draw- backs, or the land will be broken up and made to produce more largely for their support. We have well authenticated statements of certain fields and limited tracts of country now feeding and fat- tening from five to ten sheep to the acre, where one could be kept but badly when the land was in a state of nature ; and this not owing to any unusual fertility of soil, but because of its having been early subjected to the rough system of colonial farming, and its grazing capabilities thus increased. Squat- ting is fast giving way to settle- ment, and whether agriculture is to thrive as it ought to do or not, one lesson the sheep-owners are fast learning ia, how to keep as many sheep on every ton thousand acres as they were able to keep only a few years ago on thirty or forty thousand. No doubt the complaints at having to learn such a lesson aro many and bitter, but learned it must be for the general good; and after a temporary inconvenience and loss to some, all will be alike gainera in the end. For not only must the land be made to keep more stock, but the annuals upon it must be improved to yield a return commensurate with the cost, of causing two blades of grass to grow where only one grew before, or of providing water where there was no natural supply. The squatters as a class have generally been taxed with being obstructives, and with refusing to move on with the times. But, as settlers, many of the sheep owners are showing a very progressive spirit. They arc investing largo sums most judiciously in rendering their lands more productive, and in affording eveiy .encouragement for the improvement of stock; and they are thus doing the state good service. To-day, then, the owners of Merino .sheep in Victoria invite the public'to see what they have been doing lately towards giving superior value to their fleeces. Twice before, at intervals of two years, the squatters have subscribed their money liberally, and have offered large prizes for the best bales of wool, to be competed for not only amongst them- selves, but by flock- owners in all the colonies. In no narrow-minded or selfish spirit aro these shows got up, but on the true cosmopolitan principle of letting tlie best man, or rather the best bale, win. Oui- squattera believe their own sheep to be good, some pinning their faith on pure Australian Merinos, others on imported French or Gorman; but they also want to learn if our neighbours in the other colonies havo any better, and with this view they offer prizes worth incurring a little out- lay and trouble to win. Live sheep cannot well bo taken to distant exhibi- tions, but wool can, the risk or loss with it being trifling ; and a very good idea can be formed of the character of a flock by an examination of sixty un- broken fleeces from it, according to the terms under which the principal prizes aro offered. For the opinion of the judges is not alone to be the criterion of excellence. This is to bo further proved by testing the pockets of buyers at public auction, both here and in London, the bales in either case being without tho usual brands, , so that these marks shall not iuflu erice the result in any way. Thus perfect fairness is insured, the one market being a check upon the other, and the soundness of the, opinions of tho judges here being tried by the opinions of the judges at home. Yet hitherto the other colonies of the group have not responded neely to the invitation to compute. This year, however, the show will be moro deserving of its appellation of intercolomal, for there are entries from the north and from the south, if not from the cast and from the west, and the opportunity will be afforded of compar- ing the products of different lati- tudes, and of learning if we in Vic- toria have really the right to consider our wool the best, as the prices realised for some at least of oui' clips would seem to indicate. Ilowcvcr the decisions may go, we trust that the judges will act upon their instructions, and give the reasons for their choice in a somewhat fuller report than is usual with these documonts. Judges, acting without fee or reward, can- not of course be ordered, or even in- structed ; but in this instance they arc requested by the acting committee to fur- nish a statement, showing the position of each lot, according to its. value, and to draw* up a report, expressing the good qualities and deficiencies of each exhibit as fully and as free from tech- nicalities as possible. Such a report will not only be of use for future reference, but trill convey much useful informa- tion to sheep-owners at a distance. It will show, for instance, whether length of staple or fineness and density of fleece pays the best-for these shows wore especially designed to prove what is the best paying kind of Merino-and will also enlighten the members of the outer public, who choose to go and see for themselves, as to why one heap of snowy white wool is more valuable than another, and why a pile of perhaps the dirtiest and most uninviting of the greasy wool is preferred by the cogno- scenti to the much cleaner-looking heaps around. In the year before last much disappointment was felt by many visi- tors at the appearance of the first prizo unbroken fleeces, but the judges were right in their award, as testified by the after soles, the greater weight of the coarser wool bringing in the largest money return per fleece. The advocates of purity of blood and admirers of Aus- tralian Merinos were disappointed also that what they look upon a« alinust a cross-bred sheep should have carried the day, and gained highest honours; but one of the points to be settled by these competitions is, whether it is good for the country-or, what is the same thing, good for individuals- that we should continue to import Merinos from Europe or not ; and the result of that contest would make it appear that we have still something to gain by importing-at least fromFrance, for the bale in question was shorn from half- bred Rambouillets. As soon as the believers in the peculiar merits of the Australian soil and climate for the production of the best possible combing wool, can take all the prizes for i their sheep and wool, iu competition with those who seek for improvement by importation-and this not once or twice, but again and again-they will carry conviction to the minds of a large section of the community, who are still inclined to join in the cry, " Import, Import," and to support in a modified degree, though not so decidedly as formerly, those who do so. We are, however, fast approaching the day when the importation of Merinos must cease ; butthe time is notyet, and importedsheep and their descendants, as well as the pro- duce theybearin the form of wool, are still destined to carry off honours and profit from the pure Australians. However that may be at the present show, the gentlemen who have acted on these committees deserve the thanks of the community, and we hope they may con- tinuo their labours, both in combination for the public good, and in privately cull- ing and sorting their own sheep, until the Victorian Merino and Victorian wool can stand without fear of rivalry at the head of the list. A very large proportion of the world's business is now carried on under the joint-stock system, and undoubtedly that 'system has great advantages. Without it, it is difficult to see how railways could have been constructed or ocean telegraphic cables laid, or how a hundred other of our great modern achievements could have been so much as attempted. Mount Cenis certainly would nover have been tunnelled through by individual enterprise, nor the deep leads of Ballarat been developed. In short, many of the most highly prized conveniences and luxuries of modern civilisation have either been created by joint-stock enterprise, or have been so cheapened by it as to bring them within the reach of the great body of the people. But the system has by no means proved an unmixed boon to the public. On the contrary, it has been attended with consequences so baneful that some moralists have not hesitated to denounce it as a curse rather than a blessing. To divide responsi- bility is to lessen it, and bodies of men associated for business purposes habitu- ally do things whieh individually they would notdo evenif they dared, and which public opinion would not permit thom to do. Corporations, it has been said, have neither souls nor bodies to suffer the penalty of their misdoings, and accordingly act as if there was to be no accounting here or hereafter. Whatever of falsehood or deception is necessary to keep up the shares in a company, so much directors are often found capable of doing, and if they sometimes stop on the safe side of criminality, it is only sometimes. Recent despatches from England attribute the commercial distrust which remained long after its exciting causes had been removed, to growing suspicion of the management of finance and other public companies. Our Lon- don correspondent wrote :-" The very " foundations of confidence are gone. " Highly-placed men will not only do " wrong, but, when found out, will turn " at bay and impudently defend it. " Boards of directors are found out to " be mere dummies wherewith to de " lude shareholders." Now, whether the evil is to be traced to that lovo for British precedent and British analogy -which, some think wc carry" too far, or to dishonesty inherent in directorial human nature, it ia l)U[ too plain that we have a good deal of this kind of corporate irresponsibility and effrontery among ourselves. There are few among those who have saved a little money, and tried to invest it profitably, but have at some time or other been inveigled by a specious prospectus into an unsound mining venture. Either some important fact was altogether suppressed, or something was stated as a fact which had not been ascertained, ?' ~> a skilful arrangement of irrelevaW^Ath« and au audaciously illogical deduction that was made to appear bright and promising which was utterly delusive and hopeless-by one or other of thesa .means, who has not been cajoled into paying good money for shares in a mine that was worked out, or whose title wa« threatened, or that never existed except on paper? Prominent among the joint-stock delinquencies which have recently come to bight in England, aro those of the North British Railway directory. This is a very large concern indeed. Pushing its connexions and extensions north south, and west, and persistently fight* ing for traffic with the Caledonian Company, the North British nevertheless paid dividends regularly, until all at onco tho disagreeable discovery was made that there could be no more dividends and that the concern was two millions sterling in debt, to meet which there was absolutely nothing in hand. On the company's affairs being investigated, it transpired that foryears large sums(about £84,000 annually) had been charged to capital and suspense accounts which ought to have been charged to revenue, and that the dividends had been gross frauds upon the shareholders and upon the public ; ripon the first, because it was feeding them with their own capital when they thought they were con suming the interest only ; and upon the public, because it was inducing out- siders to buy at too high a price inte a company which was barely able to pay its working expenses. This fraud of paying dividends out of capital is not unknown here. Some mining companies have paid dividends before they had sold an ounce of gold ; others have made calls and declared dividends alternately ; others again have borrowed money on security of their mine and machinery and divided it among the shareholders, and always with the intention that actuated the directors of the North British Railway Company, namely, to keep up the price of their shares. It was even argued by certain mining directors, in defence of their own proceedings in borrowing money and paying it away in the,, form oí dividends, that it was their duty to get what they could for the shareholders if not out of the mine, then how they could ! The chief cause of joint-stocic immoralities among- ourselves is the . gambling spirit that prevails among shareholders in mining companies, A large proportion of the stock is held for speculative purposes merely, and to holders of this kind it .matters nothing whether the mine is rich or poor, if only the shares can be forced up to a price that will admit of their selling out at a profit. Systematic develop- ment of the company's property, aud economical management, arc not worth aiming at, for the success to bo secured by such slow means is not what speculative shareholders look to. They must have quick returns, and if a little misrepresentation, ora little withholding of the truth, or tlie paying of a dividend when there is no money honestly available for such a purpose, will run shares up, and .so enable the operators to realise advan- tageously, we fear the virtue of the joint-stock system, and of its administra- tors on the gold-fields, too often suc- cumbs to the temptation. In Great Britain, a legislative remedy has been proposed for some of the evils of the joint-stock system as applied in railway management, and it is worthy of consi- deration whether our Parliament could not do something to protect the pro- perty of mining shareholders who are bona, fide investors, against the trickery of directors who hold for merely specu- lative purposes. It has been tho impression that the wooden man-of-war promised to this country by the Imperial Government was one of the old fashioned frigates. This is not the case. We are to have one of the finest steam linc-of battle-ships belonging to the British Navy ironclads of course excepted. When Mr. Verdon left England, the precise vessel had not been determined on, but he was confi- dently assured that it should be one of the best, and that the work of fitting her out ahould be immediately commenced. She mar therefore be expected to arrive in these waters in from five to six months at the furthest. A public meeting was held last evening, at tho Telegraph Hotel, Williamstown, for the purpose of considering tlie propriety of enter- taining the Hon. George Verdon, upon his arrival fiom England. After some dis- cussion, it was agreed that the entertain- ment, to consist of a cold collation, should toke place on Monday, the 28th hist. ; and a a committee was appointed to carry out the arrangements. Mr. Mason, J.P., occupied the chair; and about thirty peisons were present. An important exhibition of wool tote place to-day, at the wool stores of Messrs. Cuningham and Macredie, Collins-street vest, which all persons taking au interest in fe growth of that great staple will do wellt» visit. The exhibits exceed in number tho« shown at the same stores in January, low, aird embrace contributions from Queens!,!»1!. | New South Wales, South Aiv»teajia. "nd Victoria. Tlie judges-Messm?:^^'»^1"' Joe Learoyd, William" nick, Ja«Aa Dod« shun, and P. N. Walker-have prepared » very carefully digested report, winch appear3 in another column. Our wool-growers hare now an opportunity of examining some « the most beautiful samples of wool thal have ever been collected together in Melbourne The band of the 14th Beghnent will piny'" the Botanic Gardens, this afternoon, for the usual period. The Geelong races take place on TliiiwW and Friday in this week. As an inducement to parties to attend, Totuni tickets on th( Victorian Railway w}U on these day' 1|( issued at single fares. , Happily the intolerably hot weather laWJ experienced' hiö'ßiveii way, and colder vruw and rain have succeeded. On Monday even- ing, the heat culminated in a thunderstorm of remarkable intensity. It was accompanied hy a few drops of rain only, and by little wind. At án early hour yesterday morning the wind set in from the south-west, blowing smartly, while tho clouds accumulated por- tentously ; the rain commenced early in the day, and some very heavy showers fell. The gardens had been so severely scorched by tho extraordinary heat of the sun that this heavy rain has come just in time. On Monday bush fires were reported in all quarters. It is to be hoped, however, that the rain has been of assistance to the farmers and squatters in staying the ravages of the fire. Amongst the articles of interest in the Exhi- bition which have escaped notice are some fine mincralogical specimens contributed by Mr. E, J. Dunne. They were collected by the exhibitor in the Beechworth district, and in- clude samples of tin ore, black sand, auri- ferous quartz, and precious- stones. The most noticeable of the latter are the topazes and diamonds ; but the collection contains many other objects of interest. Visitors from Sandhurst will, no doubt, liavo their atten- tion attracted by the plans of the Catherine Beef Company's claim, which are now hung up in the entrance to the anneie. They are executed by Mr. W. Nicholas, and consist of aground plan and sections (longitudinal and tiansverse) of the workings. Mr. Horsley, it may be mentioned, continues to give organ performances both in the afternoons and evenings. It was not surprising that the weather yesterday affected the attendance at the Exhibition. Only 817 visitors weie pre- sent during the day, of whom only 136 put in an appearance in the evening. -The number of season ticket-holders was 332, The fol- lowing arrangements for the jurors have been made for to-day ¡-Section 4a, furs, silk, and feathers, eleven a.m. ; section 7b, timber, half-past two p.m. ; section 12d, portman- teaus, three p.m. ; section 16, sculpture, painting, lithographs, and carving, half-past three p.m. ; section 25a, materials for archi tcctuial and engineering construction, half past three p.m. ; section 25b, naval and mili- tary engineering, eleven a.m. The Princess's Theatre was closed last night, inconsequence, we regret .to hear, of the pres- sure of financial difficulties beneath which the manager baa had to succumb, AVe believe the manager will have to seek the protection of tlic Insolvent Court. Sharcbrokers do not appear to be the happiest family in the world, and an appeal to nuns between ita members is anything but a rare occurrence. A little affair of this description caine off in an office in Collins street belonging to one of the fraternity, on Monday last. It appears that a Mr. C. had, during a period of adversity, been kindly cared for hy a Mr. W., who paid for his hoard during a period of some months, C. promising to remunerate his friend on the ícceipt of an expected remittance from home. The leniittance arrived by the last mail, and Vf" to whom fortune has lately been unkind, made several attempts to obtain a portion of the sum which C. owed him. At length both parties met in C's office, when C. informed his confiding friend that it was all a mis- take-lie really liad received no remittance at nil. W. was prepared for this, and rejoined that the statement was untrue, for he had made inquiries at Hie bank, and found that the money bad arrived and that the draft had been cashed. C. then positively refused to pay W., and the latter, exaspeinted at the ingratitude, locked the door of the office, and gave his former friend a. sound thrash- ing. The Acting-Commissioner of Roads and Bridges yesterday received a deputation from the Lilydale Hoad Boat d. The object was to seek advice in reference to the following mat- ter; In one of the subdivisions of the board, that of Gruyer, theie are only eight names on theratepayers'roll, and it is required by the act that ten ratepayers shall sign the nomination papers for the representatives of each sub- division ; therefore these eight persons refuse to pay rates unless they are allowed a repre- sentative on tlic board. This difficulty was cv idently not anticipated by tlic framers of the act. Mr. Steavenson thought the board should proceed with the elections, and if the Gruyer division could not nominate its candidate it must necessarily remain un repiesented for the year, though the residents in it were as liable for the payment of rates as if they were represented. A short Enfield ritte, converted into a breech-loader on the Snider principle, has been shown to us by Mr. Hosier, gunmaker, Little Collins-street east, who has the patron- age of the Victorian Rifio Association. It is, we believe, the only weapon of the kind yet in tho colony, having arrived by the last mail, and is well worthy of examination. The slightest inspection is sufficient to show Uia value of the invention, and the superiority .of the converted weapon over the celebrated Prussian needle-gun. With the gun, Mr. Hosier exhibited 'one of Colonel Boxer's cartridges, which seem to leave nothing te ho desired, fulfilling all the conditions neces- sary to make the Snider weapon most effective. We need not enter into details oi the difference between the new weapon-witt which the English army will soon be armed and that which contributed so much to the successes of the Prussians in Bohemia ; it wit be sufficient to state that the Snider inventior is simplicity itself, while it is all but impos sible for the gun to get out of order. It is perhaps, a question whether we shall be able or not, to convert into Snider» tho weapon! now in the hands of our volunteers-it ma; be necessary to send them back to Englanc for the purpose; but whether weean do tin work ourselves, or whether we must look t< english workshops to serve us, thorc can tx no doubt that the immeasurable supcriorit; of tho new over the old weapon will necessi tate a change. The volunteers can never to regarded as properly armed while they posses only the common Enfield, with all its com parative imperfections. It is intimated in the Gazelle of yesterda; that the sixth of the regulations framed fo the Civil Servie« is not to apply to Crow) prosecutors. The appointment of Mr. Henry Biers to b a photo-lithographer, vice Thomas Bibbs, dif missed, was gazetted yesterday. The Gazette intimates that a contract fo 10,000 railway sleepers, to be delivered n llarcomt or Ravenswood, has been taken h Mr. Robert Barbour, at 4s. 10id. each. Tile Council of the Acclimatisation Societ Met yesterday-present : Dr. Black, Di Mueller, CoL Champ, and Messrs. J. Steven son, and A. Purchaa. The secretary reporte thesafü arrival of thoostriches from Mauritiui It appears that these birds were first shippei at Port Elizabeth, Natal, for Cape Towt and thence reshipped to Mauritius, whet His Excellency Sir Ilenry Barkly was kin enough to allow them to run on the ground at Government-house until Captain Rae too charge_of_ them on board tho Count:'«" < Seafield. "Every attention has hecïïbestowe i «W11 tho hirds hy Captain Kac, and the have been landed in very line conditioi , fir. Black brought before the Council a pla tor the protection of fish, which has bcei found to worl». very well in England. In ti ïwicry Act, a size is stated at which ovei «sa moy be legally captured in the propc gasoil, and ayi persolls catching or hnvhi wa in their possession smaller than tha size, subject themselves to very heavy penal- ties. It was decided to refer thw matter to the Anglers' Society, and Colonel Champ promised to bring the subjectunder the notice of that society. Some interest appeared to be attached yes- terday to a case which it was expected would be heard at length before the St. Kilda Court, and which had reference to a matter that oc- curred on New Year's Day at the Elsternwick Hotel. On that day Mr. E. G. Fitz- gibbon, town clerk of Melbourne, rode to the front of the hotel, and called for the waiter, and the latter not coming, he rode the horse into the bar of the hotel. This proceeding (which has been stated to have arisen from a weakness on the part of the horse for colonial ale, to which he had been treated by former riders at hotel bars) gave occasion to angry words, and ultimately to the forcible expulsion of Mr. Fitzgibbon by the landlord, Henry Young, and a man named Thomas Jackson. In con- sequence of what occurred, Mr. Fitzgibbon subsequently took out a warrant, on which Jackson was arrested for assault, and also a summons against Young on the same charge. Cross summonses, one by Jackson for assault, and one by Mr. Young for wilful trespass, were next obtained against the complainant, and all of the cases carne on for hearing yes teiday at St, Kilda. A large number of people were in attendance, and there was a crowded bench. Counsel appeared for Mr. Fitz- gibbon, and also for Mr. Young and Jackson. The cases having been first called on, in which the two latter men were the defendants, it was stated by complainant's counsel, and subsequently by Mr. Fitzgibbon himself, that he had no desire to proceed with the prose- cution, if, as he understood, the defendants were willing to deny or to disown an imputa- tion which he heard had been made against his sobriety at the time referred to in the summonses. It was not from any ill feeling against the men, or a wish to seo them punished, that lie had taken the present steps, but simply from a desire to vindicate his character from anunjustifiablestatement. In reply to this Mr. Young, speaking for him- self and the other defendant, denied that he had ever made an allegation of tho kind re- ferred to, and stated that it was not a part of his case that Mr. Fitzgibbon was in that con- dition, but rather, on the other hand, that he knew perfectly well what he was doing. Mr. Young disowning most explicitly the statement alluded to, Mr. Fitzgibbon with drew the charges which he had made, and the countercharges were also withdrawn. A case of some interest to railway pas- sengers was brought before Mr. Hackett and a bench of magistrates yesterday, at the Dis- trict Police Court, by tho Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company. Mr. Thomas Wilson, attorney, Chancery-lane, was summoned by the company for having on the 5th hist, attempted to convey a dog from Mel- bourne to St. Kilda in one of the passenger carriages, in violation of the bye-laws, without having paid for the same, and having refused, when called upon by the station-master, to procure a ticket for the dog. ne was fined 10s, and 23s. 6d. costs. Mr. Edward England appeared to prosecute for the company. Mr. Wilson was defended by Mr. Bead. The city coroner held an inquest on Mon- day on the body of an infant named Alice Mary Moody. After hearing the evidence, the jury returned a verdict that the deceased "Died on Saturday last, from convulsions." Dr. Youl held an inquest yesterday, on the body of Fi edeiick Lonsdale, who was drowned in the Yarra on the 13th inst. The de- ceased, who was a baker, about forty-two years of age, on Sunday morning went to the river, in company with two other men, for the purpose of bathing-all three, according to the statement of one of the party, being the worse for drink. While bathing, the de- ceased was suddenly missed by his compa- nions, and was never afterwards seen alive. The police dragged for the body all the day without finding it, but yesterday it was ob- served floating in the river. A verdict of " Accidentally drowned " was returned. A man named David William Hilton was taken into the hospital yesterday afternoon, suffering from a broken arm and other serious injuries, caused by a stack of bags of sugar having fallen over upon him at a store in William-street, The body of a man was found in the river yesterday, near tho Australian Wharf, and was removed to the morgue for identification and coroner's inquest. The annual vestry meeting in connexion with the Richmond Church was held, in the school-room, on Monday evening. The Rev. C. T. Perks, incumbent, presided. The re- port and accounts for the past year were read by the senior warden, Mr. Septimus Martin. The accounts showed the receipts (exclusive of what had been collected for educational purposes by the visiting sopioty) to be £1,203 13s, Od. There was a spirited discussion on the subject of pew-rents, arising out of the wardens' report that more than £100 was due and unpaid from that source. The vestry passed a resolution.which it was hoped would strengthen the hands of the wardens in tliis matter. Votes of thanks were unanimously given to the wardens of the past year, and to the very efficient choir of St, Stephen's for their services. Mr. Septimus Mai tin and Mr. John Lloyd were appointed parishioners' wardens for the current year ¡ Mr. B. D. Gill, minister's warden ; and Mr. Alfred Woolley, representative to the Church Assembly. The annual meeting of St. Patrick's So- ciety, for the election of office- bearers for the ensuing year, was held last evening. The voting resulted in the election o£ Mr. Jos. Carroll as president, Mr. P. J. Langan vice prcsidont, and Messrs. John Boland, William Ryan, Christopher Rowan, Owen O'Cal laghan, James Prunty, James Crough, Michael Lacey, John Niall, Michael Lynch, Patrick Lynch, John Daley, Patrick Moumane, John Stone, John Rowan,,, and Michael Osbourne, members of committee. Tho Yarra Bend Amateur Dramatic Society celebrated the birthday of Mrs, Dr. Poley on Monday evening last, when the " Irish Doctor" and "Raising the Wind" wore enacted. Mr. George Eaton, in the first piece, sustained the principal character, and, as Dr. Murphy, caused great amusement. I Mr. Stubbings, as Jeremy Diddlcr, Miss Car- ter, as Miss Durable, and Mr. Howland, as | Sam, deserve special mention for tho credit | able manner in which they sustained theil ' several parts. The performance was wit | nessed by a very large audience, composed of about 300 patients and a number of strangers and visitors from Melbourne. A prologue! written by Mr. Henry Rae for the occasion, .was spoken by Mr. A. Baldwin, and was received with great applause. Hitchens completed his rouud of matches in Melbourne in a fine game last night, at the Albion BiUiard-rooms. His opponent was P. Bergin," to whom he gave 400 out of 1.O0C points, Though he made no largo breaks, his play was smart and'rapid throughout, no1 lasting much longer than two hours. It wai a good solid game, and was played all through in a highly interesting way. His chief breakf were 53, 45, 38, 41,56, 44, 60 (including twelve red-spot strokes), 45, 48, 42 (including twelve red-spot strokes), 33, and 34 points. Ht passed his opponent at 098 all, and the game was over at 1,000 v. 795, he winning by 20E points, Bergin did not play nearly so well » usual, though he made one good break of 45 points. Kitchens is on the point of comploting several engagements to play in the country and adjoining colonies. ".Elijah." has been selected for perform- ance at tiie next concert of the Melbourne "Philharmonic Society. It has been suc- cessfully rehearsed at the Mechanics' In- stitute, Mr. S. Kaye officiating as conductor, in the absence of Mr. Lee. Mr. W. H. Short states that he has found a deposit of kerosene shale thirty miles to the westward of Geelong. We should like to seo samples. An unhappy state of domestic matters was exposed at the Town-hall, Sandhurst, on Monday last. A man named Bernard O'Bride was brought up on a charge of drunkenness. Constablo Dunop stated that lie arrested tho man in a state of drunkenness at Quarry hill, on Saturday night. Ile proceeded to his house, and found his four children lying on tho floor with scarcely a stitcli to cover them, nnd no person present to take care of thom. The mother had boon away since Friday evening. The constable took them to tile neighbour's, and begged them to take care of them for the night, but they refused. Ile brought them to the lock-up, and charged them on Monday morning as neglected children. The magistrate expressed his regret that he was not able to do anything with them, as they were arrested in the man's own house. A serious fire occurred early yesterday morning, at the Bowling-green Hotel, Cres .wick-road, Ballarat. The stables, in the ad- joining block, the barn, cowsheds, and a four-roomed house, were all completely con- sumed, as also was a six-roomed house, in pieces, which liad been recently removed for the purpose of erection elsewhere. The pro- perty destroyed waa insured. The origin of the fire is at present-unknown, but it is strongly suspected to be the act of an incen- diary. A valuable and faithful dog was un- fortunately burned at his post as sentinel over a quantity of oats, which were also con- sumed. On Monday a labourer named Thomas Philips, was taken from Epsom to the Sand- hurst Hospital, suffering from sunstroke. On the same day a director in the Hustler's Reef Company was visiting the works, and while doing so under the heat of the sun he sud- denly became very giddy and fell down. It was found that he had received a slight coup de soleil. The usual remedies were ap- plied. A Lake Boloke correspondent writes to a contemporary as follows :-' ' The lake abounds with eels, weighing one and a half to two pounds clean. A party is here fishing, and catch in plenty, and dry them." On Monday, at Bendigo, a miner named Thomas Lawson, seventy years of agc, was picking under a large piece of earth when it fell upon him, knocking him down and cover- ing him to the neck. When released,- it was found that beyond the fracture of some ribs he had sustained no serious injury. On January 13th, James Ruxton met his death near Dog-trap Creek, through falling from his horse and fracturing one or more of his cervical vertebne. On the 12th inst., a carrier named Denham lost his life between Camperdown and Cobden. Going down a steep hill he was thrown to the ground, when the wheel of his dray passed over his head, causing instant death. " One mile out of Wodonga, and three from Albury," says the Banner, "is a nasty creek known as House's Creek, and as nasty a cross- ing-place as can well be imagined. A bridge was built, found to be too narrow, and widened. A month or so ago floods came and washed away the approaches on the Victorian side, leaving a chasm into which any Aus- tialian Curtius might be proud to entomb himself. The whole body of the roadway went in, and was washed into tho creek ; and considering that the said creek has a per- pendicular dip of more than twenty feet, with banks like the walls of a house, it is not a pleasant place to face. In the dark, any one not knowing the spot might find him- self literally in the bowels of the earth. We believe the road is under the direction of the Yackandandah Shire." A destructive and mysterious fire has oc- curred at Clunes. It appears" that on the 21st October last an unsuccessful attempt was made to burn the premises of one Heinrich Zornig, and a verdict of incen- diarism found by a coroner's jury,, with a lider that the premises were too highly vnlucd. The insurance was continued, and early on the morning of Monday last the same premises were discovered to be on fire, and with such fury that, despite the exertions of the local fire brigade and hundreds of assistants, the premises were totally destroyed; as also the dwelling of Mr. Iddy, the boot shop of Mr. Rankine, the shop of Messrs. Pieston and Sheridan, builders, and the drapery establishment of Mr. Dougan. A right of way and the exertions of the brigade here stayed the further progress of the llames. The Queensland Guardian of the 7th inst reports that the demand for labour in that colony has now so noarly equalled the supply that " the Government have como to the reso- lution of discontinuing the various relief camps that have for some months past been at work in tho neighbourhood of Brisbane and Ipswich. These gangs wore broken up on Saturday last, but it is intended to finish such of the woiks as they have been engaged on as are absolutely required to be completed -for instance, the cutting of the hill at the rear of the military barracks-but none other. The men engaged on these will bo paid £1 per week. There is no doubt that, small as tho ' wages paid at those relief camps has been, their existence lins prevented a good deal of misery. It is, however, to ho hoped that it will not again^be necessary for the Govern- ment to have recourse to such a means of re- lieving, the distress of the working classes." Writing on the subject of the finances of Queensland, the Brisbane Courier of the 5th hist remarks :-" The annual return of re- venue proper shows a large apparent reduction from the amount collected in tho previous year ; but the absurd manner in which the accounts aro kept, makes the falling off ap- pear much larger than it really is. If we deduct the sums set down as received in land-orders, but for which the Government never received any money, it will he seen that tlie cash receipts at the Treasuiy during tho years 1865 and 1866 were as nearly as pos- sible the same. It must, however, be remem- bered that the latter includes the proceeds of the stamp tax, and the additional cus- toms duties, as well as the receipts from poitions of the railway which were not open for traffic during the previous year. The total receipts in cash from all sources of rovenue proper for the year I860 amount to £490,2C9/ We cannot expect this sum to be much exceeded during the year now com- mencing ; and as £200,000 will be required out of it for the payment of ,the year's interest on debentures and Treasury-hills, the balance left will be woefully insufficient to meet cur- rent expenditure, however great tlic economy which may be exercised. In the face of such a statement it will scarcely be considered ' worth while to bring forward another loan bill for some time to come, as it would be difficult to find purchasers for the debentures. | The only resource Is ia ourtailing expenditure, I aud pushing on settlement by throwing-Iand plentifully into the market for occupation,' whether hy purchase or lease." The Ovena.ilíZvír'iiíef is responsible for the following : - " Rumour- well- founded for once-bath it that a certain Parliamentary representative of one constituency of this por- tion of the colony contracted sundry debts with various tradesmen ; and fact hath it that, in spite of many promises made, the honourable member has sheltered himself under the benign clauso of the act, and Uatly refused to discharge his liabilities. At a future period ho may possibly be reminded of his laches in this respect." The performance at the Theatre Royal last evening, taking into consideration the un- favourable state of tho weather, was well attended. It was given for the benefit of Mr. W. M. Akhurst, the author of the prelude to the pantomime. The first piece was "The Mysterious Stranger, orSatanin Paris." Mrs. i Vincent sustained the varied characters of I " The Mysterious Stranger" in an admirable I manner, and leceived a call at the end of each act. Mr. C. Hall's Beamshell, aud Mr. Vincent's Vanille, were both excellent pieces I of acting. The Croquet of Mr. Stewart was disfigured by a tendency to exaggeration, The drama generally was effectively played. The entertainments concluded with the pan- tomime of 'Gulliver." Madame Celeste again appealed in the "Woman in Red" at the Haymarket Theatio last evening, Notwithstanding the wetness of the night, there was a numerous assem- blage. The performance cliutcd repeated manifestations of approval. The treasurer of the Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society acknowledges the receipt of £10 from the Borough Council of East Col- lingwood ; also, tho amount of collections at St. Peter's Church (£21 6s. 9d,), per the Rev. H. H. P. Haudfield. 