THURSDAY, MARCH 26, 1868. The "loyalists" have proposed several methods for terminating the present crisis. Their first project was to indict the Dulte of BUCKINGHAM for treason. Their second was that the GOVERNOR should hold office for six years certain, and should not be removable during that period except for misbehaviour. It docs not appear what meaning would in such a case be attached to the word "misbehaviour," but we presume that it would include a difference in opinion from the "loyalists." As these methods, admirable as in other respects they may be, had the disadvantage of not being suffi- ciently practical a speedier and simpler, solution was found in the suggestion that the GOVERNOR should read the Duke of BUCKINGHAM'S despatch with, his blind eye, and the memorable precedent of Lord NELSON was cited in support of this ingenious expedient. But when the GOVERNOR neglected to appreciate this course, and showed a clear deter- mination not to have a blind eye, but to keep both his eyes as open as he can, loyalty assumed a different aspect. There are no names now too opprobrious for the model Secretary of State and the model GOVERNOR. The unfortunate gentlemen, too, who even contemplated the formation of a Ministry, have had a pretty clear intimation of what they may expect. Mr. RIDDELL is regarded as only weak, and so receives moderate and parental chastisement. But woe to those few but desperately wicked men who shall abet this gentleman in his nefanous project of attempting to cairy on the QUEEN'S government ! Mr. RIDDELL, however, deserves, and wc hope will receive, very different treatment from the main body of the Ministerial party. He is now engaged in a bona fide attempt to form a new Administration. He has not, as it was at first supposed, undertaken as an amateur a mission of convivial politics. He means business. In these circum- stances, even though Mr. RIDDELL may not have been the person whom we should have thought best adapted for the task, we cordially wish him success. An opportunity is now afforded to the mass of the Ministerial supporters to show that they are fit to take a share in the government of the country. An ap- peal is made to their patriotism to assist in restoriug the true and healthy action of our Constitution. There is no occasion that they should break a single pledge ???[or retreat?] opinion. All that ????? constituents they may still say. It is not their fault that it has become impossible to give prac- tical effect to the measures for which they then contended. It was Mr. McCULLOCH who forced upon the country an issue of which the result has shown the absurdity. It was Mr. McCULLOCH who, after obtaining a large majority in favour of his policy, abandoned his party on the first symptom of real danger. What, in these circumstances, are his followers to do? They were willing to support, as they had promised, him and his policy. But his policy has broken down, and he has resigned. Are they, then, to stop all government in the country, except so far as provision may happen to be made for some branches of the public service by special acts ! Are they to transfer their allegiance to the Opposition chiefs? Or are they to endeavour, as best they can, and out of such materials as are in their power, to carry on an Administration which shall as near as may be follow in the steps of their predecessors ? It is not easy to imagine any other course. Which, then, of these three courses should an upright and conscientious supporter of the McCulloch Ministry adopt? We suppose that the first is out of the question. If the whole people of Victoria were agreed upon a particular matter, and were pre- pared to make great sacrifices to attain their object, and if the matter in dispute were one upon which the colonists might fairly expect the sympathy and support of reasonable men in the old country, the English Government would probably give way| sooner or later, as they did in the matter of the convicts, and there would be good sense in taking any measure which might attract to our condition and our desires the attention of the Imperial authorities. But none of these conditions exist in the present case. Nearly half the electors of the country are opposed to the Ministerial policy. This minority contains not the least wealthy or the least influential part of the community. We doubt whether even the majority, or at least the mass of the majority, would desire to remain for another twelve months without an Appropriation Act, even for the pleasure of sending twenty thousand pounds out of the country. Nor, after all, can we feel quite sure that we shall have the good sense and natural justice of the people of England with us if we quarrel with the QUEEN because we cannot stifle the Council, and vote money ad libitum to the devil. Unless, therefore, the Ministerial party are prepared - and we are sure that the great majority of them are not prepared - to contend for absolute separation, they must make provision for the mainten- ance of government in the existing con- dition of things. If then we are to have some govern- ment, the next question is, what govern- ment ? And here the usual constitu- tional alternative is presented by the Opposition to the Ministerial adherents : " Either make a Government yourselves " or do not impede us in making one.'' It is thus a choice between two things - a Ministry such as Mr. RIDDELL is attempting, or a Ministry such as Mr. FELLOWS can form. We contend that if Mr. RIDDELL fails, it is the clear con- stitutional duty of those who may be supposed to act with him to support an Opposition Ministry. But they cannot be expected to do so until they have had a fair opportunity of seeing what they can do themselves. Probably they may think, notwithstanding the menaces of some of their party, that their consti- tuents wished that the administration of the government should be transacted in the usual manner ; that Lady DAR- LING should receive her money ; and that the course of legislation, so long interrupted, should be resumed. They may think that their objects will be better attained by passing an Appropria- tion Act, and by dealing with the Dar- ling question in a separate bill, than by refusing to grant any money until the GOVERNOR does what he is by law for- bidden to do. Mr. McCULLOCII and Mr. HIGINBOTHAM may not care whether Lady DARLING gets her money or not, if only they can humble the Council. But Mr. RIDDELL and other men like him may reasonably think that the real subject of discussion was the com- pensation of Sir CHARLES DARLING for the loss that he sustained while he was governing the colony. They may think, too, that the only pos- sible way by which there is now even a chance of obtaining that grant is by a separate bill. They will thus go back to their constituencies with the sense that they have endeavoured to give effect, in the altered circumstances of the case, to the views which they advo- cated at their election, and which their constituents then approved. We be- lieve that in the judgment of their con- stituents they will have in this way ful- filled their trust far more faithfully and intelligently than if they shouted their assent to/the silliest tirade of abuse against the Duke of BUCKINGHAM and the GOVERNOR, or joined in a vote that rendered all constitutional government in this country impossible. During many successive harvests, the final process of our agricultural year has been attended with much less of valu- able property, through the ignorant or reckless use of threshing engines. But in the season just closed, this evil as- sumed even greater magnitude than in previous years. We do not know how many costly engines and machines have been destroyed throughout the colony since the season's threshing commenced, nor the quantity of food that perished along with them ; but some idea of the aggregate loss sus- tained from the cause we are consider- ing may be based upon this fact - that in the Ballarat district alone no fewer than five machines were totally destroyed during the few weeks of the past season, along with a large quantity if corn in every instance, while a great many other fires occurred which were extinguished before much damage had been done. From this statement, which we find in the Ballarat Star of yesterday, we are warranted in concluding that the coun- try's aggregate loss from fire caused by threshing machines is something of this nature that were reported in our columns from day to day as they oc- curred, were pretty evenly distributed among the. several agricultural district of the colony. And these losses are a aggravating as they are disastrous Not only do they, in the majority of instances, involve the ruin alike of the farmer and of the machine-owner con- cerned, and raise the price of food by diminishing the quantity of corn avail- able for consumption ; but being almost wanton in their character, so easily might they have been prevented, a certain feeling of indignation is aroused in the public mind at the waste of good food which they unnecces- sarily occasion. And the burnt-out farmer's case is a very hard one, even though he may have been accessory to the misconduct which proved his destruc- tion. To plough, and sow, and reap only that the golden grain which was the object of all his labour and outlay may be fired by a spark from an engine- flue, when nothing remained but to cart it to market, is a misfortune very difficult to bear up against. It is like the wrecking of a goodly ship at the enhance to her port of final destination ; or, to borrow an illustration from rural life, like the over-turning of a full milk- pail on a ruinously large scale. And as we have already said, all this destruction of agricultural property could easily be prevented. Such fires very seldom occur in Great Britain, although perambulating threshing ma- chines have come into use there to some extent ; and even if there is greater risk here than there, by reason of the greater heat that pre- vails during the threshing season, that should only act as an incentive to the exercise of greater caution and prudence. The travelling thresher is not necessarily dangerous. With the use of proper spark-catchers in its flue, the portable engine may do its work all but buried in straw, and no accident occur. But spark-catchers diminish the draught in the chimney, and the engine-men remove them, or permit them to become useless, in order that they may keep up a greater pressure of steam, and so get through more work - no doubt at the suggestion of their employers in some cases, and with the concurrence of the farmers. For it nearly concerns both to have the corn put through the mill as quickly as possible, the one that he may be off to his next job, and the other that he may get his grain into the market, and be relieved of the troublesome and expensive presence of the machine gang. It is the old story of running a risk to secure a greater profit, or to avoid an inconvenience. The same system is pursued in every depart- ment of industry. Masters endanger their property that work may be pushed on more speedily, and workmen en- danger their lives rather than adopt means for their own protection which entail some little present inconvenience. It is of little use, therefore, to urge the faithful use of spark-catchers in the flues of threshing-engines on the ground that many farmers are ruined every year, and much wheat destroyed, by the neglect of this simple precaution. Machine-owners and their employers will continue to trust to their luck, and the engines will be driven at their ut- most speed in the future as in the past, notwithstanding the lesson which this season's experience, as well ask the expe- rience of many previous years, is so well calculated to teach. Something may be done, however, in another direction. If the firing of stacks cannot be prevented, more effective means may be adopted for the putting out of such files when they occur ; and already steps have been taken by some of the agricultural societies with this view. Experience has shown that burn- ing straw is not difficult to deal with, if prompt action be taken ; and as there are always plenty of men about to see when a spark from a threshing engine takes effect, and to help in extinguishing a fire so caused, it follows that if some kind of fire engine were also at hand on these occasions the destructive- ness of such fires would be, natu- rally lessened. In view of these facts, it has been suggested that a premium should be offered for the invention of a fire-engine, to be attached to threshing engines and worked by steam-power, and wc have, no doubt the inventive genius and mechanical skill of the colony will prove quite equal to the de- mand thus made upon them. It is obvious, however, that a fire-engine, even with steam-power to work it, would be of little value without a considerable supply of water, and it is to be feared that the same kind of fatuous confi- dence in his own luck which makes the farmer so often concur in the neglect of the spark-catcher, would also prevent his providing a proper supply of water. While this important subject is under consideration, would it not be worth while to inquire whether newly- kindled straw could not be extin- guished by means of a jet of steam ? If so, that would be the readiest and handiest application, and no more ex- pensive apparatus would be needed than some lengths of steam-tight flexible tube. We hope the agricultural societies will not let the subject drop until some means have been devised by which the next crop may be saved from the danger which proved so destructive to the last, and that the many ingenious engineers whom wc have among us, will give the farmers their best aid in the matter, for their own benefit and that of the general public. We understand that thre is every proba- bility that Mr. Riddell will succeed in form- ing an Administration. His principal diffi- culty will be to obtain law officers, but no doubt he will be able in some way or other to overcome the obstacle. The opinion also appears to gain ground that in the event of the Darling grant being sent to the Council in a separate bill, it will be passed by that body, although perhaps under protest. From a letter received by a gentleman in Melbourne from a member of the Reception Committee in Sydney, we learn that several letters have been written to officers on board the Galatea threatening to set fire to the ship, and that all hands have to be on board every evening at seven o'clock. It is not easy to conceive upon what prin- ciple or authority the Speaker ruled that Mr. Reeves was not in order on Tuesday, in moving an amendment on the motion for adjourning the House until Tuesday next. The standing orders of the Assembly are altogether silent on the point ; but as to the usage of the Imperial Parliament which is law in every case to which the standing orders do not refer, there is no room for doubt. An amendment cannot, according to May, be proposed to a motion of adjourn- ment unless it relate to the time for which the adjournment is to take place. It was just this exception upon which Mr. Reeves wished to act. He desired, we understand, to substitute "to-morrow'' for Tuesday next, being of opinion that if the House met from day to day the crisis might possibly be got over all the more speedily. Before, however, he could state this the Speaker told him he was not in order, and he at once succumbed. It might not, in the Speaker's estimation, be politic or wise to decline to accede to the request of Mr. Riddell, but that was a question for the House. It is rather unfortunate that the first ruling Sir Francis Murpliy has given in the new Assembly should be one which is alto- gether at variance with Parliamentary usage, and which he will have to retract on the first occasion that the same question is raised. Some amusement was occasioned in Collins- street yesterday by the spectacle of an hon. member of the Legislative Council, who is profoundly imbued with the idea that he is the " coming man,"rushing about in an un- wonted state of excitement, and inquiring of every other person he met - " Have you seen the Treasury orderly ? I am told he is looking for me." The hon, member had been hoaxed by some vagabond wit, who had induced a belief in his mind that at last he really had been sent for. We understand that Mr. Walter Mont- gomery is expected back in Melbourne by the R.M.S. Geelong on Monday, from Sydney, when he will appear at the Theatre Royal in a round of his favourite characters. The band of the 14th Regiment, will per- form in the Botanical-gardens from four to six o'clock p.m. to-day. The programme is as follows :- Overture, "Masaniello," Auber ; quadrille, "Le Palais do I'Indus- trie," Croisez ; " Reminiscences of Bellini," arranged by Godfrey ; waltz, "Albert Victor," Coote ; selection, "Faust," Gounod ; galop, "Feldpost Reclais," Piefke. We observe, from the Cape Argus of the 4th ultimo, that H.M.S. Rosarie, from Eng- land to Australia, had put into Simon's Bay on the Sunday previous, for coals and supplies. She is a small vessel, of 673 tons, three guns, and manned by a crew of fourteen officers and 112 men, under the command of Captain G. Palmer. The vessel, it was said, would remain in Simon's Day some days before pro- ceeding on her voyage. We observe that Bishop and Mrs. Perry are now on a visit to the Western Distict. They have been at Warrnambool, Belfast, and Portland during the past week. Mr. Ambrose Kyte, through his agent, con- tradicts the statement made in the City Police Court on Tuesday, in the Chinese gambling case, that he is the proprietor of the premises in which the gambling went on. A meeting of the parishioners and others of St. Mary's Church of England, Hotham, was held on Tuesday evening last, to consider the advisability of finishing the church. Pro- fessor Wilson was voted to the chair. The Rev. Mr. Potter opened the proceedings with prayer. The chairman stated the object of the meeting, and the state of the funds of the church, and also commented upon a liberal offer by the bishop. Mr. Sturt explained the circumstances under which the bishop was induced to make the offer. After a long dis- cussion, during which several schemes were proposed, it was ultimately agreed upon that a committee be formed, with power to add to their number, to canvass for subscriptions. The total amount required to complete the 'limldings, with the amount of funds now at i the disposal of the committee, will bo about .£800. On the motion of the mayor of Hotham,1 seconded by Mr. Armstrong, a strong and in- fluential committee was formed. On the motion of Mr. Henry Clarko, seconded by Mr. i Munee, Mr.E. P. S. Sturt, P.M., was elected ^treasurer, and Mr. Henry. Clarke was elected honorary secretary. A resolution was'pro- posed by Mr. Sturt, and seconded by the major, that the thanks of the meeting be, conveyed to the bishop for his kind offor. Pfbe chairman then announced that over' £i70 liad been collected during the meeting.' Tho meeting closed by a vote of thanks to the chairman. ' , The presbytery of the United Presbyterian Church held a special meeting on Tuesday, the 24th inst., in the Napier-street place of worship, to dispose of a call from the Ryrie strect Church, Geelong, to the Rev. D. M'Kenzie, late of Kinghorn, Fifeshire, Scot- land, to become their stated pastor, and to make arrangements for his settlement. The Rev D. Chapman, of Broadmeadows, pre- sided. The Rev. A. M. Ramsay reported that, according to appointment by the presbytery, he had preached and presided last Thuuday evening at a meeting of the church in Gee- long, duly convened for the purpose of call- ing any eligible candidate to the office of per- manent minister. There was a large meeting of the congregation. It was proposed and seconded that the Rev. D. M'Kenzie be called to the pastorate of the church. There was no amendment, and the motion was passed unanimously, and with great cordiality. The call was signed by all the mem- bers and office-bearers present, and a consi- derable number of adherents. The signatures had been all witnessed by himself and attested ; and he laid the call on the table. Mr. M'Nab, commissioner from the Geelong congregation, presented other papers of con- currence in the call, which were signed after the meeting, both by members of the church and by hearers, whose signatures were wit- nessed by two of the elders, and were attested by them. The presbytery approved of the conduct of the presiding minister in the case, concurred in the call, declared it to be a regular gospel call, and presented it to Mr. M'Kenzie, who was present, for acceptance. Mr. M'Kenzie, in a few appropriate remarks, signified his cordial acceptance of the call. The presbytery appointed the induction to take place in Ryrie-street Church on the evening of Thursday, the 9th April, the Rev. James Dick, moderator, to preach and preside, and other members of presbytery to assume the other parts of the service. We understand that, in consequence of the very few entries which have been made for the principal events, the Caulfield Races, which were to have taken place on Saturday next, have been postponed until further notice. ? The boatmen of the Yarra, who follow a not very lucrative trade, find, nevertheless, the means of doing no small good in their own way ; and it is to their lasting credit that once a year they give their services to carry to some pretty spot on the banks of the river the children of our local charitable in- stitutions. The weather interfered to pre- vent their good offices in respect to the orphans at the Emerald-hill Asylum the other day, but yesterday they treated the Prince's-bridge Industrial School chil- dren, and their generous project met with complete success. Thiity-two boats conveyed 360 children of the Industrial School - almost all girls, and some of tender years- and thirty children from the Immi- grants' Home, to the Survey Paddock, and there, dining the livelong sunny day, the children amused themselves after the juvenile wont. Sad as might be the reflections con- nected with the poor children's friendless state, they gave little outward cause for melancholy, and the wooded glade rang with childish shouts and joyous laughter. They were pretty well provided with good things too, for some kind friends subscribed money, etc., and the officers of the institution added what was needful; Accompanying the chil- dren were, among others, Mr. W. M. Pye, superintendent of the Prince's-bridge Indus trial School ; Dr. M'Gauran, the medical offcer of the institution ; Mrs. Narracott, matron ; Mr. Greig, from the Immigrants' Home, and the Rev. H. B. Macartney, who devoted himself throughout the day to for- ward the children's amusement. Mr. Har- court, M.L A. for Richmond, also took the opportunity to be present ; and the juvenile band of musicians from Sunbury formed an appreciable item of the assemblage. The day was spent agreeably enough. The fol- lowing were the founders of the feast : Watermen-J. Barrow, T. Spooner, J. Faris, J. Winch, H. Nelson, and H. Robinson. Boatbuilders-James Edwards, R. Fuller, J. Greenland, W. Burns and Sons, and J. Gibbs. F'errymen-Gardiner and Brander, and num- bers of kind volunteers. We may add that Mr. Edwards desires to acknowledge the receipt of a cheque for £210s. in aid of the affair. Petitions have been filed by the follow- ing suppliants v. The Queen :—John Ham- mond, for £24 5s., Telegraph department, Kilmore ; - John Sharp, £950 10s. lid., tor railway sleepers ; John and Maria 1'oster, teachers under tho Board of Edu- cation, £150; Hugh Nixon, £725 13s., for Eoods supplied to various departments; 0'Callaglian and Swan, on contract for eoods, £1,75G Os. 5d. ; Brown and Edmonds, for goods supplied to Industrial Schools, *li332 5s, lOd. Judgment was confessed in we following :-Robertson and ottors v. Tim Wfli, £47fi, and £6 Is. 3d. costs ; and in ¿oin II. Roberts v. The Queen, for £74 19s. ii, and £0 Is. 3d. costs. There were also twenty-four petitions by civil servants for amars of salaries overdue. The special case reserved by Mr. Justice Barrj' in favour of the convict 'Whelan will «.argued this morning, in the Term Court. In the Term Court, yesterday, a rule was Siauttd calling upon W, H. Thompson, a councillor of the Borough of Ballarat East, to snow by what authority he exercised the office M councillor. The objection to his election j«*, that he was not entitled to be on the »wgiss-roll, not having paid his rates. A «up was granted to enter a verdict for the «fendant in the case of Tennant v. Bell, and >« a new trial in Le Compte v. Graham, ««ions tried at the late Nisi Prius Sit lu;6s, An application for a rule to set »we, a verdict for the plaintiff in amano v. Dawson was refused. In limo v. Perse, an appeal from the justices at "iiiarat, tt question was brought forward re- ceto the'territory which is claimed by the 2 TI5 Sbiro and tho B"ngaree Road n,!!i i ° def«nclant is an, hotel-keeper in "¡debateable ground, and he paid for his «pee, not to the Buninyong Council, but to ¡* treasury at Ballarat. The Buninyong y \ tlu' n-w treated him. as an un ann ^-'.'n' and caUBed Mm *° he the it i' Iol'!linS spirits without a licence. Bt .¡" .< v .h-^-evtT, dismissed the charge ; be m - * 'U}0ng Council appealed ; and' mi>t- it in their statement of the ObttWUIUILb UJL l/UU itliin " ' ' V'aS PrOVOd th0 h0tel WM hin. .,, " ' >,,udary of ,tho Buninyong ?KrJ* i tCourt' ass^ing that this ¡fact « W»ed to their satisfaction, held that mices were vmng jn dismissing the ' M tho lieence-fco should bo paid to tho laa^H ? J,?80 di8trict the Premises are »MM. and allowed the appeal . - . . Aîifcr«awr tria1' &c-; were heard *»? « if.« ^'y Coill't' but ^m was, no 1, any PibUc, interest throughout W \- »-"uv, .iiwress vurougnout tue »KÍB I]"olvent Court yesterday,? the ap-' *«* of David Sussman (of Melbourne, boot and shoe dealer) for a certificate was| adjourned to the 28th April, in consequence of the illness of the insolvent. ' The magistrates at the Richmond Court of Petty Sessions yesterday were occupied for some time with the hearing of a summons1 brought against the Hawthorn and Rich mond toll-collector, to test his right of charging Od. each time of passing the toll- gate for cabs and Bpring vehicles. ' Under former leases since 1862 the charge made had been Is. for the day, in accordance with an order issued by the Board of Land and Works, but which had not been published in the Government Gazelle, as required by tho Act 10 Vic., No. 40. A majority of the magis. trates considered that this order, which had been so long acted upon, should have tho force of law, and a nominal fine was imposed on the defendant for making an over' charge. William P. Potter, late treasurer to the Loyal Melbourne Lodge of Oddfellows, was again brought heforc the City Court yester- day, on the charge of embezzling the funds of the lodge. The evidence against him having been taken, the defence was submitted, that prisoner not being a paid servant of the lodge the case in its present form did not come within the Friendly Sociétés Act. The Bench postponed the case until Friday, for consider- ation of this point. The following further particulars of the late fatal occurrence at QmenscliS are from our correspondent there :-" The men during the afternoon had been loading the cutter Land-o'-Cakes vithiion pipes, and at dusk were coming ashoic when they were asked to help to haul the cutter off,to her moorings that faho might get under wey to como insido the Heads. The men then jot into the boat I but when about 150 yards from the beach a ¡ huge roller came in, upset tie boat, and left them struggling in the wadi for their lives. Wilson, the diver, was spoktn to by Johnson who told him to make for ;hc shore, but he was not seen again. The nen who reached land M ero John Johnson, Thimas Gunderton, and M'Aulay." A lather largo number of persons suffering from injury by accidents wee taken into the hospital yesterday. Amongst|,hem the follow- ing are worth mention:-lohn MTntosh, who had been employed onh farm at Tulla- marine, while following a lock of sheep on the Broadmcadows-road waa thrown from his horse, thereby receiving i severe fracture of the skull. When taken to the hospital his brains weie protiuding, aid his case was consideicd a very doubtful oie. John Lude- rn ann was brought in from Epping with a broken arm, also caused bj a fall from a horse. John Bl own was tnleti to the hos- pital with a dislocated anido and sprained back, haling been found ii the morning lying in that state at the fottom of a deep gully at Hotham. The annual cricket matdj between the students at the Scotch Cillego and the Grammar School will take pace to-day. The Scotch College team will fe chosen horn Field, Wilkie, Leonard, Stevins, M'Cracken, M'Kinley, Johnstone, Paterson, Wilson, Fenton, Inglis ; emcigcncy-Catto, Smith, and Robinson. j The National Show to be Jeld in Geelong' on the 2nd April is commarding local atten.j tion. The aggregate prize iriney amounts to £49(5, of iihich the Boaid of igriculturo con-, tributes £220. I , , We observe with pleasure oat the ladies of Malmsbury are about to fornj a Ladies Bene-1 volent Association, for the »lief of the dis- tress now existing there, t A man named Robert Alejandcr has been killed accidentally at Clydebank, near Sale, by a reaping machine, uhich'ho was attempt- ing to -woik vyithout undentanding it. He leaves a widow and a famihl We regret to learn that, up to Tuesday last, no further trace had been obtained of the poor woman, Mrs. Ross, lost in the bush near Rosedale. All hope of finding her alive has now been abandoned, but the search is still maintained. Thirty-five persons turned out to prosecute the search on Saturday and Sunday. A stockman, named Janes Macfarlane, ¡ living at Mosquito Plains, (Mount Gambier, i has been killed accidentally. He was riding home, when his horse ian ajainst ai;ree. He was thrown oft, and draggcoalong the ground ' I by tlie stinup for somo distance, and so severely injured that he *must have died ' almost at once. His body this not found for several dajs. .' ,' The shipment of vvhcatj chiefly for Ade- laide, is going on brisky at Port Mao Donnell. J The wife of a shoemakernamed Hamilton, at Daylesford, has had a nirrow escape fiom death, net clothes, distcided by crinoline, caught fire, and sho wouldündoubtedly have been burnt-to death but tor the opportuno arrival of her husband and neighbours, who extinguished the fire by wripping a rug lound her. She lies in a weak sate, having been severely scorched. Bush fires were prevalent on Friday and Saturday in the neighbourhood of the Bunyip, and between that locality and Rosedale. We observe that on and after the 1st proximo tho post-office Inown as Stringer's Creek is to bo called Wahalla. \--The plague of flying Joxes seems to have extended all ovei the ountry. We hear of them in the Western Diitrict, at Geelong, at Sale, in the Murray DHricfc, and now from the neighbourhood of'Goulburn, in New South Wales. The saw-mills of Mesfs. Graves and Fiyer, at Pinchgut, near llotxy Lead, Daylesford, were totally destroyed by fire on Sunday morning last. Only ¡ho stables and a few sheds wero saved. How the fire originated is not known. 'The mil was once before de- stroyed in a bush-firclj A snipe weighing thirteen ounces was shot the other day at Langsdale, New South Wales. I Mr. Inspector Sadler, of the police, has been holding a court of inquiry at Alberton, into charges bioughj against the polico stationed there, of peisecuting Mr. Hawkins, of the Victoria Hotet who was formerly a member of the force, i The inquiry was con- ducted with closed doors. One of the local journals boldly charges tho police with im X>roper conduct in tha matter, and gives a very ilattering account of tho circumstances of the constables of'South Gipps Land, re- marking :-" There aro constables in the shire of Albeiton who are wealthy enough to dress their wives ana families in silks, and velvets, and gold chains ; constables who can afford to drive in their own buggies mode to order ; constables who can afford the time to go out hunting with the South Gipps Land nunt Club ; constables who possess houses and lands, and horses and cattle." , A curious case of retention of life under extraordinary chcurnstanccs is i elated by the Majorca Independent. A miner named Alex- ander Lowe, at Four- mile Flat, lost a fine pig, worth about £2, about eight weeks ago, and from the fact that no intolligonce could bo ob- tained, it was supposed to be stolen ; but on Thursday last a miner, having gone to a fresh shaft to look for some water, saw tho pig at the bottom, and assistance being pro- cured, it was hoisted up and taken homo. The animal is in a state of very great weak- ness, and is a mere skeleton, and the wonder is that it should have lived for such a period, as its only means of subsistence must have been the water, of which a little was in the hole. With the help of great care it is thought that piggy will yet recover from tho effects of its fiféyWive days' fast. A serious fire occurred on the farm bolong-' ing to Mr. Orlcbaf, at,Tooram, on the Hop- kins River, on Thursday last. On tho pre- vious evening men were engaged burning rubbish, and ontheir return to the farm they stated that the fire was put out. The change in the weather that occurred on Thursday, with the high wind that prevailed, caused the stubble to bo fanned into a flame, and a tree took fire, the burning branches of which fell into a paddock., The grass and fencing soon ignited, and notwithstanding every effort to save two stacks of hay, all were destroyed. The quantity of hoy was nearly 100 tons, consisting of ryo gross and clover. Inycsterday'8 BallaralSlartticio isalist, sup plied by the district coroner, of the men killed in the mines within his district during the year 1867, from which we find that there wore no fewer than twenty-eight deaths from mining accidents. "For some timo past," says the Bendigo Independent, " a quiet little deadlock, com- prising stoppage of payments and other ac- companiments with which Victorians have of late been made rather familiar, has been steadily brewing in our midst. For certain reasons, to which we need not more particu- larly refer, two churchwardens belonging to a highly important denomination thought fit to slightly reduce the stipend of their minister, but the third would not hear of such a thing, and refused to sign cheques foi the salaries of other functionaries connected with the Church in question. Too bright to last, this pretty little quarrel was brought to a climax within the last day or two, by the special servico of three well-known forms requiring the presence of the tinco chmebwardens befoiea Bench where such gentlemen are not wont to appear. As might readily be imagined, this line of action was not slow in bringing matters to a crisis, and we aie glad to say that before anything un-, seemly was permitted to take place the minority gracefully gave way. Would that all our complications weic susceptible of as easy a solution." A peculiar case of assault was heard at the Ararat Police Court on Friday. It was !a, complaint lodged by a man named O'Connoi, against tho defendant Tuson, because the lattei knocked off his baton the Saturday1 night previous ; O'Connor having, it seems, refused to uncover during the singing of tho National Anthem. From the evidence, it appeared that O'Connor was advibod to go away und leave the crowd ; this he would not do, but persisted in remaining covered. Mr. Daly, who was on the bench, said that since O'Connor refused to take off his hat at such a time and under such circumstances ho was wrong to remain with the crowd, and considering the excited feeling, be also acted wrongly in not uncovering. If he (O'Connor) remained there and persisted in keeping his bat upon his head, it seived bim right to have it knocked off. Aiobberyvias effected on Sunday evening from some Chinese puddlers engaged on the Scandinav ian Lead. All their mining imple- ments, consisting of picks, shovels, buckets, ' &c;, wcic abstracted. These Chinamen (soys the Talbot Leader) have long been made the j subject of petty annoyances in the neigh- . bouihood, and they beliove the theft in ques- tion to have been made less for the mero sako of appropriation than with the object to put them to expense. This is the second robbery they have buffered lately. The Gipps Land Times is responsible for the following:—"Friday's Gazette notifies that Mr. Henry Luke has been appointed a coroner of Victoria, to act at Rosedale. We are not aware of any particular qualifications possessed by Mr. Luke which should entitle him to so responsible an appointment, unless it be the indefatigable exertions which he used on behalf of Mr. F. L. Smyth at the late election at Rosedale, and his discourteous behaviour towards Mr. Ireland. The Minister of Justice is said to have made some strange and irreconcileable appointments. This is certainly one of them. What shall we hear of next?" " Strolling down to the wharf yesteiday,'' says the Geelong Advertiser, "we noticed that a lighter alongsido was entirely loaded with tallow, a pretty plain proof that boiling down has become an established fact, We were, howevei, sorry to notico that many of the casks containing the tallow wcie of the woist description and very indifferently hooped. We do not think we shall be rash in predicting that not moro than half of their contents will reach England ; if it does, tho shippers will bo most agreeably surprised. It is, then, necessary that a substitute for casks, which are becoming a very scaicc commodity, should be found." A cowaidly and malicious act has boen re poi ted to the police as having occurred near Rokewood last week. Mr. Smith, a farmer, residing at Rokewood, had just started his tbiasbing-machine one morning when sud- denly the machinery brought up with a crash, and "Ai great portion of the,interior was completely destioyed. Upon examination a piece of non about ten inches long and three-quarters of an inch thick was found among the remains of the machinery, and it appeared to have been previously secreted in a sheaf of wheat by some evil-disposed person. 1 About dusk on Monday evening, a little boy five or six years of age, belonging to Mr. M'Leod, Snake Valley, Carngham, was climb- ing up tho fence round his father's premises, when he missed his footing and foil, the point of one of the palings entering his arm a little below the armpit and coming out near the elbow, a distance of fivo oi siï inches. The poor little fellow thus impaled hung against the fence, shrieking in agony, till lifted off by some persons who, fortunately, were coming post at the time. During tho evening Surgeon Nason, who was in attend- ance as soon as possible, sowed the wounds, and rendel ed such other professional services as w'ero required. None'of the blood vessels were torn by the paling, a fact which the sui geon regai ds as very singular, in view of tho extensive injury the arm sustained. On Tuesday the little sufferer was progressing very satisfactorily. The barriers which separate the French and English peoples are being removed one by one. , 'As, ,a .fitting sequel to the Cobden treaty.ofj'tiadeVit is now said that the two Goveînhienls uro about entering into a postal convention, under which letters will be car- ried from either country to any part of the other at a uniform rate of twopence. Tho Paris correspondent of the Economist thinks one penny would be quite enough, and urges an international/ money-order office as well. It seems that between France, Switzerland, and Italy such an agency has existed for somo years. Some timo ago wo reported the discovery of diamonds at the Capo of Good Hope, or rather in the Oiangc teiritory, and now we learn from the papers to hand by the Chanticleer that the discovery of a vast African gold-field has been reported. The discoverers aie described as being very roticont, for various reasons, some of which appear to bo of;a somewhat, personal character., Enough ,is known, however, to show that the new field is one to which there is not likely to be any rush of the indiscriminate character of Ans tinlasian rushes. Tho gold-field covers a very large 'extent of country, through tho centre of winch passes tho twentieth degrco of south latitude. The placo is extremely difficult of access, and lies a long way from the seashore. It is ruled over by a poworful native ruler, who is not likely to permit white visitors in any numbers to interfere with'him. _ i .Meat and game would appear to be very I abundant at the Capo of Good Hope. The Cape Argus of tho 6th ultimo states that at date at Grahamstown good mutton and sound sall beef were selling at from 2d. to 3d. per lb., , and that at Hanovor largo and fat springbok! were being sold at from Is. 6d. to 2s. Cd, each. . . . *> r The territory ruled over by the Kaffir chiel Moshesh, known as .Basutplond, has beer annexed to Natal, at the request'of the chief and with the consent of the Imperial Govern- ment. This points to the early amalgamation of all the South African colonies. Messrs. C. W. Umphelby and Company, ?wine merchants of Collins-street west, havo received from His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, in a letter dated Sydney, 18th March, the appointment of wine merchants to nis Royal Highness in this colony. The Incorporation of Britain's Colonial into Her Home Umpire is the somewhat unin- telligible title of a pamphlet by Mr. O.P.1 HuTsthouse, a New Zealand colonist, which, has been published in London and sent to us by the mail. , A few friends of Matthew Higgins, the champion runner of the colony, met last evening at Goydér's Hunt Club Hotel, Little Collins-street east, to present Higgins with a handsome and valuable watch and chain, in testimony of their appreciation of his upright and straightforward conduct in his late run- ning matches against Cusack, previously sup- posed in this colony to be invincible. Tho Royal Society will hold a meeting this evening, at which Mr. Ellery, who has been elected for the third time to fill the office of President, will deliver the customary address to its members. There will be some pre- liminary business before the reading of the address, which may be expected to be com- menced at about eight o'clock, the business taking place at the advertised hour sharp. The Foresters of Court Arthur's Seat, Dro- mana, held their anniversary dinner and ball on Friday last. There was a good attendance of brothers, and a number of strangers joined in the festivities. On the removal of the cloth, the following toasts were most enthusiasti- cally responded to :- " Our beloved Sovereign, Queen Victoria," " The Royal Family,'" "Our recent illustrious guest H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh ; his speedy recovery, and safe re- turn to his native land," drunk with three times three. Other toasts, relating more par- ticularly to forestry, were drunk with much warmth and kindly feeling, and the party broke up at an early hour. A ball was then given in the spacious room recently erected at the Dromana Hotel. 