SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1868. The elections which have just termi- nated have served two purposes : they have shown the very unsatisfactory condition of our electoral system, and, at the same time, have demonstrated what we have long contended for, that the country is ripe for no such revolution as Mr. HIGINBOTHAM and his friends have hinted at ; but that, on the contrary, there is a very large and important sec- tion of the community entirely opposed to the unconstitutional proceedings of which the Government have already been guilty, and to the still more unconsti- tutional ones to which it is hinted they propose to resort. In a former article, we pointed out the large accession to the strength of the Constitutional party which had accrued since the previous general election ; and now that the whole of the contests have terminated, the fact is still more obvious. In the first and second batches of elections the numbers polled were—for the Minis- terial candidates, 14,644 ; and for the Constitutionalists, 10,963. The num- bers in the third series, which took place on Thursday, however, are still closer. The number of voters who gave in their adherence to the "old-hat" doctrine was 18,084, whilst those who polled for the Constitutional candidates num- bered 17,925. This calculation is perhaps more favourable to the Minis- terial party than is in accordance with strict justice, for in the num- bers allotted to that side are in- cluded the votes polled by Mr. EDWARD COHEN, who has positively declared him- self against the issue put to the country by the Government, viz., the inclusion of the Darling grant in the Appropria- tion Bill ; and also those polled by Mr. LALOR, who is also pretty well known to be opposed to that course. Still there is no doubt that Mr. COHEN secured a considerable number of Ministerial votes, as he Yyas believed to be iu favour of the grant in a separate bill, -whilst the othei'i candidates were opposed to it in any shape. For the same reason that Mr. COHEN'S Y'otes ha\\*e been thus classified, those polled by Mr. HALFUY at Sandhurst have been credited to the Opposition. Mr. KALFEY YVUS not an Opposition candidate, but he refused to endorse the ultra views enunciated by the GoY'ernmont, and adopted by Messrs. BURROWA* and' MACKAY, and he was - thus supported by the Consti- tutional party in the district as the least !of the evils with which they were threatened. At -Sandridge hoth candidates declared themselves to be 'decidedly opposed to tho Government, and therefore as the Ministerialists ia tliat~ "districrT.{ippeart to'have? "had rio opportunity- of exercising the f ran" chise, wo have, in analysing'th'e statis- tics of the elections, treated th'c consti- tuency as though there had been a walk-over, and have not suffered it to enter into our calculations. Briefly stated, then, the results'of'the1' elections are as follow :-In the first i and second series, 14,644 persons voted for the Ministry, and 10,963 for the Opposition. In the third series, 18,084 voted for the Ministry, and (excluding Sandridge) 17,925 for the Opposition. Corrected returns may make a difference of a few hundred votes one way or another, but this will not interfere with the general de- ductions. The total numbers polled,, therefore, are-For the Government, 32,728, and for the Constitutionalists 28,888. There are 116,164 electors on the several rolls of the colony,'and a division of these by the number of mem- bers, would give one representative, to every 1,489 persons. Little more than half of these have, however, exercised the franchise. Only 61761ft voted, and these elected 71 mem- bers, the remaining seven members being Mr. THOMAS for Sandridge, Messrs. GRANT and DAVIES for Avoca, Mr. LONGMORE for Ripon and Hampden, Mr. MACPHERSON for Dundas, and Mr. CONNOR for Polwarth and South Gren- ville. Dealing, then, only with those electors who have recorded their votes, we find that a member has been re- turned for every 867 voters ; and wera these fairly distributed between Minis- terialists and Constitutionalists, the former would have 37 members and a fraction, and the latter 33 and a fraction. Looking at the actual results, however, we find that the former have returned (reckoning Mr. COHEN) 54, and the latter only 17. In other words, the Ministerialists are represented in the proportion of one member to every 606 voters, whilst the Constitutionalists have only one member to every 1,693 voters. In fact, the slight majorities which the Government have managed to secure in a few districts returning two and throe members each, have entirely swamped and disfranchised all whose opinions differ from those of the mere numerical majority, who for, the time being have usurped a power to which they are in no way en- titled, and the exercise of which eau only be regaided as the most unjus- tifiable tyranny. It is well, though, that the attention of the intelligent portion of the community should be thus forcibly directed to the glaring inequalities of our electoral system. Whatever views may be entertained upon the represen tation of minorities, no man of common sense, to say nothing of liberal and en- lightened vieYvs, can for one moment con- tend that it is just that nearly one-half of the community should for all practical purposes be almost altogether unrepre- sented. It is not likely that such a state of things Yvill long be tolerated, especially in a colony professing to be essentially democratic. This is not democracy, it is not liberty, it is not even the despot- ism of the many-it is the centralisation of power in a mere majority, YY-hich has nothing exceptional to recommend it. Apart from the system Yvhich porrnits such an anomalous condition of things, - it may be asked, What is the victory of Yvhich the GoY'ernment and their fneilds so loudly boast, and oY'cr YYhich they grow so enthusiastic '/ The Minis- try appealed to the country; many of the most important constituencies decided most unequivocally against them ; and upon the Yvhole of the elec- tions they only managed to secure the paltry majority of, say, about 4,000 voters, Yvhilst on the third, and by far the most important series, their majority Yvas only 169, so that without the votes given Mr. COHEN, and were those of Mr. THOMAS counted against them, they would be in a con- siderable minority. After this YVÍU they consider themselves justified in hurrying on the revolution Yvhich they have threatened 1 Were it not for the enor- mous poYver exercised by the Govern- ment-apoYver Yvhich none but a Govern- ment possesses-it is more than probable that the majority would haY'c been on the other side. Civil servants have been induced by most extraordinary means to vote for Government can- didates, Yvho, on theil' part, Yvhen addressing constituencies, have not hesitated to say that those dis- tricts alone Yvho returned supporters of the Ministry could hope to have their requirements attended to ; and to add to all this, the Minister of Lands promised, on the very eve of the third batch of elections, to make the land certificates issued to the volunteers transferable. ' Yet with all this, the Ministry have only secured the paltry majority before stated Surely this should be sufficient to show that the country is not Yvith them, and that a persistence in their revolutionary proceedings must in the end prove fatal to themselves and to all with whom they are politically connected. The board appointed to consider the best means of securing the permanency of the state forests of Victoria, has issued its report. Extensive as our forests, still are, they cannot last long unless effec- tual regulations for preserving them in ceitain districts be established. Discern- ment and forethought in the employ- ment of the axe cannot of course be looked for among the early colonists of a neYV country, but we have now reached a stage in our colonial career when it be- comes absolutely necessary to, set aside particular tracts of woodland for our future timber supply,, as well as for other objects. On the gold-fielda the C06t of timber for underground drives is now, in many instances, a very serions item of ex- penditure, "and if the cost continued " to increase, it would be likely to ? " have a most damaging effect upon. " the mining enterprise of the colony.'1 The forests recede further aYvay eY'ery year, and where the ground is not yet required for settlement their disappear- ance is far less due to necessity than to a reckless system of waste. We are told' in the report "that it is the usual prac- ' ", tice of licensees to take only the primo, " parts of the trees they fell, leaving. "large quantities of timber'to go to « waste, and rendering the forests liable « to injury from, extensive conflagra « tions." This is particularly the case wear the gold-fields "where immense ." quantities of young trees aro cut for ." mining props." The rivalry of saw- mill owners is another cause of mischief. Many trees are needlessly hewn, only "to prevent a rival mill-owner from " obtaining them, or to block up his -" access to some covctod patch of fine "timber." Then immense numbers of stating trees are killed for tho bark used ii/the construction of the wood- cutter dwelling-only one sheet of bark being taken from each tree, and the straightest and best stringy baik trees are generally selected. When the bush- fire comes it finds abundant Feeding in all this dead timber, whether cut down or standing. We perceive, therefore, that it is not the wants of the population in mining, building, fencing, and fuel, which occasion so much de- struction, but the careless system pur- sued in obtaining the wood, so charac- teristic of new countries. In a great deal of Trance and Germany wood is quite as commonly used, both for build in" and fuel, as here, but though the population is so much greater, the forests which supply the timber and firewood do not diminish, because they are under proper regulations. When those pro- tective arrangements were relaxed in France at the time of the Revolution, the forests began to diminish so fast thal the Government was compelled to restore the system of rigid- supervision and guardianship, not only for the per- manence of the local timber supply, but still moro because two very opposite things-namoly, devastating floods at paiticular seasons, and a great reduction \- of moisture in the atmosphere throughout the year generally-were quickly brought about by the removal of the woods. If we cannot reform this system of wastefulness as regards our forests in general, we must at least take care that it shall not prevail in those which it has been decided to reserve in the hands of the state. There is no use in making such a provision for the future and the public benofit unless the means of pre- servation be practical and sufficient. 'The report .before us recommends that thesö reserves be placed under the con tiol of commissioners, who should bo appointed trastees thereof, and that the present conditions under which licences are granted for obtaining timber there be abolished, and new conditions im poicd. All new agreements should pre- vent v ithin such reserves the felling of trees under a certain size, should compel the lemoval of the hewn timber within a reasonable time, should prevent the de- struction of treesforsake of the bark only, and make the licensee responsible that on the. land in his occupation no exotic or young indigenous trees be injured by his operations, and that no goats be depastured. We may add that the pre- sence of any kind of cattle is incompa- tible with the right preservation of wood- lands, and they are carefully excluded from all the public woods by the regu- lations now in force in France. It is piopoaed by the report that as in the state forests of Bullarook and Macedon tlie numerous licensees of sites for saw . mills have incurred great outlay for machinery, tramways, &c;, " they should " be allowed to have a preferential claim " to the exclusive right, subject to " the above conditions, to cut timber " " on tracts of land contiguous to their " íespectivo mills." The board expresses the opinion that horn time to tune additional areas of land not required for settlement might be also reserved. A very useful and interesting section of the report is that devoted to the subject of plantations. We concur in the opinion that it would not be found so useful to introduce, as a nile, the native trees of other parts of Australia, which are not indigenous heie, as those of Europe and America excepting, of course, the so-called West Australian mahogany, the most durable wood yet known, the eucalyptus colossea of the same colony, and the Tasmanian " celery-topped pine." Among our native trees the culture is specially re \- commended of the blue-gum, as useful for the supply of young trees for mining props ; of the red-gum, almost "inde stuictible when seasoned in water, and .which it is bad economy to take for firewood ; and the enormous eucalyptus mnygdalim, prized by the splitter as furnishing the best broad palings, and vhicli,as seen in some partsof Victoria, is »asserted to be the tallest tree in the world. Besides these are suggested the acacia, of which the bark for tanning is now exported to the value of £12,000 a-year; blackwood, muskwood, dog- wood, &C;, fine ornamental woods, valu- able to the cabinetmaker and turner; the sassafras, useful in medicine; and a long list of other trees, important in science and commerce, but as yet cut down for only the meanest purposes. Of all those there could be plantations in the state reserves, while of foreign trees, which thrive hero, we may include many varieties of pines, cedars, firs, larches, the cork tree ; tho ilex, or ever- green oak of the Mediterranean; the English oak and elm, which both grow much faster in Victoria than in Eng- land ; the chesnut, ash, hickory, walnut, and osier ; the cinchona, or Peru- vian bark; and the weeping willow, which,-when abundant, constitutes an obstacle to bush fires, while the wood makpa the best charcoal for the manu- facture of gunpowder. The state forests will be excellent nurseries for the exten- sive propagation of those foreign trees desirable not only for the value of theil timber, but for the more varied embel- lishment of Australian scenery. Threader will bo interested in the cstimyTgiven of the approximate areas occupied by the different forest trees and shrubs in Victoria. It is calculated that large whito gums of various kinds cover some 5,000 square miles, and the «d gum about 3,000. It is supposed that fully 30,000 square miles are under stringy bark and messmate alone. Eucalypti of small dimensions-box, yellow box, colonial apple-tree, pepper- mint, ¿-c., are supposed to cover 14,000. Ironbark embraces 500 ; and oak .Murray pine-500. The mallee scrub in the north-oast monopolises 14,000 square uniles. ¡It must be recollected, however, that in level districts our trees stand more widely apart than in the forests of other parts, of the globe, and we presume that in the above estimate no deduc- tion is made for the immense quantity of dead trees which now, occupy so much of the Yvoodland-near Hamilton, for in- stance, and along the route to Gipp3 Land. Let us trust that Parliament Yvill utilise, at an early date, the diversi- fied information and suggestions con- tained in the report before us, and that these forest reserves, bo necessary in several points of view, will bo placed under such a code of regulations as will insure their permanent security and good management. It appears, judging from an item in the telegraphic news received last night, that it has heen rcirmrked in Adelaide that while messages of condolence have been received there from Sydney and Brisbane on the occa- sion of the lamented death of Sir Dominic Daly, no such message of good feeling has helen sent from Melbourne. Probably the Chief Secretary has been too busy with tim elections to remember that common courtesy requited from him some small attention in this matter. It is intimated that the Adelaide line of telegraph Yvill he closed to-day between ten o'clock a.m. and fn-e o'clock p.m., on ac- count of the funeral of his late Excellency Sir Dominic Daly. ' Wo observe that Prince Alfred was ex- pected to arrive at Auckland on the 20th of March, and that Sir George Bowen would leave YV ellington for Auckland in tho first week of March to make preparations for the reception of Hie ltoyal Highness. It is stated that some of the Civil servants in the Ovens district have received no por- tion of their salaries since August last. Mr. William Crosby has been appointed consular agent for Belgium, to act as consul in the absence of Mr. Gustavo Beckx. Mr. Crosby's appointment has been recognised by the Governor. The senate of the Melbourne University will hold a meeting at three o'clock this after- noon, for the purpose of electing a member to the seat in the council vacated by Dr. Evans, Yvho has ceased to be a member of that body. The candidates Yvho have been nominated aie-Dr. Mackay, LL.D. of Trinity College ; Mr. P. S. Davis, M.A. of Melbourne University ; Mr. John Macfarlane, M.A. of the same, and first scholar ; and Mr. Curlewis, B.A. of Melbourne, and a member of the English bar. All of the candidates, with the exception of Mr. Cuilewis, are already members of the senate, and Dr. Mackay has for the last year been a member of the boaid of examiners. Wu are informed that Mr. Macfarlane, on learning that Dr. Mackay had been nominated, withdrew his name in favour of that gentleman. The following paragraph appears in the Wellington Independent : -' ' Mr. Robert Whit- worth, of the Melbourne Argus office, arrived by the Gothenburg a day or two ago. The object of his visit is the compilation of a Gazetteer for the Yvholo colony, the proprietors of The Argus having been sub- sidised by tho General Government to per- form that Yvork." Short as this paragraph is, it embraces two important misstate ments. Mr. Whitworth - though lately a member of the literary brotherhood of Mel- bourne-was never one of the staff of The Argus ; and the arrangement made by the Government of New Zealand has not been Yvith the proprietors of The Argus, but Yvith Mr. F. F. Bailliere, publisher, Collins-street cast. A correspondent writes as folio w3 :-"I Yvish to draw the attention of the inspector of nuisances to a great evil existing at the intersection of Adderley and Hawke streets, North Melbourne, which, if not immediately remedied, will be the cause of sickness, as ihe neighbourhood is populous. Tho nuisance consists of a pool of stagnant water, in which are a lot of dead goats and other animals in a putrid state. The stench is abominable. As this state of things lias lasted for some time, and there does not seem any proba- bility of tho inspector of nuisances showing uskthe 'light of his countenance,' I have been induced to trespass on your space." The following additional polling-places have been appointed for the Mining Division of Maryborough :-The Reefs, for the Plea- sant Creek Division of Ararat ; and Llanelly, for the Tarnagulla Division of Maryborough. The following polling-places aru named for the Smythc's Creek Division of the Ballarat Mining District ¡-Smythesdale, Carngham, Linton, Piggoreet, Scarsdale, and ItokcYVOod Junction. We observe from an official notice that the Post-office at Pyrenees (Donkey- hill) will be closed on and aftor the 1st proximo. Tile Head-quarters Band will play this afternoon, from half-past three to half-past five o'clock, in the Fitzroy-gardens. The fol- lowing is the programme :-Choral March, Cutolo ; enladrille, "La Belle Hélène," Offen- bach ; selection from " La Forza del Destino," Vcidi; overture, "Jubillèe," Weber; Yvaltz, "Mabel," Godfrey ; selection, "Nachtlager," Kreutzer ; galop, " Il Carricolo," De Grau. The weekly abstract of births and deaths prepared by the registrar-general for the week ending the 15th of February, shows that there Yvcre 138 of the former and 93 of the latter in Melbourne and the suburban districts. The proportions do not Y-ary much from that Yvhich they usually show, but tho registrar general appends a note to the effect that "infantile diarrhoea is reported as very pre- valent in North Melbourne." Owing to the unusually temperate summer the Botanic-gardens just now aro looking ex- ceedingly well. The laYvns have preserved their fresh green appearance all through the season, and though flowers just now are not blooming very plentifully, the luxuriance of the shrubs almost makes up for the defi- ciency. In the greenhouses, however, (¡here are some beautiful flowers to be seen, including many varieties of the gloxinia andachirnenes. In the propagating grounds the objects of the greatest inteiest aro tho Peruvian bark trees, some of which have grown to a height of 4ft. Gin., the American hickories, and the West Australian yams. The latter were presented by the commissioners Yvho re- presented that colony at the late. Ex- hibition, and the plants which are now groYving aro the first that have been cul- tivated in the colony. So far the experiment seems to have proved successful, and it will be interesting to Yvatch the final result. Amongst other things which may bo noticed are the colchicum plants in the experimental grounds near the lagoon. They appear to bo thriving well, and visitors will be guided to them by the large pink Howers which they bear. In tlie Equity Court, yesterday, Mr. Justico Molesworth mentioned tho decree which he Yvas prepared to make in Chadwick v. Bennett, though he postponed a formal delivery of it till next Thursday. In the case of the Lon demand Colonial Company v. Clarke, in which it ,was sought to mako the defendant, the company's agent in this colony, deliver up the plaintiffs' goods, and furnish an account of his receipts, a demurrer YVOS argued, the defendant objecting that the plaintiffs could recover against him at law, and Yvcre not entitled to proceed in equity. Judgment was reserved. Turnbiûl v. Shiels was a suit by creditor«, to administer the estate of the late Catherine Sophia O'Mcara, of Stratford, Gipps' Land. The usual decree in such cases was made., Probate was granted to the will of the late Donald Campbell, of Glengower. Thiel Chief Commifsioner of Insolvent Estates yesterday granted certificates of dis- charge' to the following insolvents :-Alfred Grave,1 Charles Claxton, John Sheffield, Isaac Crawford, Itichard "Maxwell, antT 'Robert Wallace.^ - ¡., , - * i, t -¡ .'''., \ l Tho case'fortheprosccution in tliè trial of Whelan for thc,Rok~ew*pód murder termi 1 naled yesterday, arid Mr.' Smyth delivered an address for tho defence of three and a half hours' duration., ? Witnesses will be called this morning to prove an alibi, and there is a possibility of the case terminating to-night. ' Thc,business in the County Court yesterday was quite unimpoitant. except to the parties concerned, and devoid of all public in- terest. . A gunner of the Royal Al tiller}', named Charles Smith, who has been in custody since last January, charged with having violently assaulted a comrade named Samuel Coleman with a poker, was again brought beforo tho City Bench yesterday. On the Oth of January Smith and Coleman had a very warm dis- pute, which ended (according to Smith's ac- count) by Coleman striking him, and inflict- ing a severe wound on his forehead with some blunt instrument. Shortly afterwards, while the men were at tea in the barrack room, Smith rushed, to the fireplace, and seizing a large poker struck Coleman on the head. Staff-assistant Surgeon John Good- man deposed to having dressed a wound ono inch and a half in length indicted on the back part of Coleman's head. The skull was not fractured, but Coleman had been an inmate of the hospital fiom the date of the occurrence until within a few days ago. The prisoner reserved his defence, and the Bench committed him for trial. The case had been remanded from Thursday, for the purpose of hearing mediad testimony. An old thief, named James Cameron, suc- ceeded m stealing a coat from a dray in Bourke-street yesterday. He started off .with the booty in double quick time, but was soon afterwatds pursued by Mr. ljvandcr, the owner of the property. While turning into Little Bourke-strect the culprit unwarily rushed into the eager embraces of a detective. He pleaded " Quilty " to the chargo at tho City Court yesterday, and was sent to gaol for two months. The detective police require an owner for a horse rug (leopard skin and blanket pattern) found in the possession of two rr.cn who were at rested yesterday on a charge of robbery. A telegram was received from Sandhurst by the superintendent of detective police last evening, intimating that Wong Ah Sim, charged with being implicated in tho recently attempted bank robbery and murderous as- sault at Epsom, has been fully and unhesi- tatingly identified by the girl Rachael M'Cul- loch. Ho was remanded for seven days, in company with Chew Coon Foon, who had been previously arrested. Wong Chew Yong, who had been arrested at Dunolly on sus- picion, was discharged. Another charge of cowardly assault was pre. ferrcd against Isaac Coleman, of Tattersall's Hotel, at the District Court yesterday. {A young woman named Roberts (who appeared in the witness-box with a blackened eye and disfigured side-face) charged Coleman with having violently assaulted her. The de- fendant applied for a remand, inasmuch as he had not been served with the summons until a late hour on the previous evening, and lie was not prepared to meet the charge. Under these circumstances, a remand was granted until Monday. Tho complainant alleges that early on Wednesday morning, while she was engaged in conversation with a man in the Casino, defendant carne up to her and, without any provocation, struck lier a blow in the face and knocked her down. A woman named Mary Jane Rylands, aged forty-five years, residing at Ballarat- streot, Carlton, wasbiought to tho hospital last even- ing, suffering from wounds in the forehead and ann. For some time past, Rylands had been on unfriendly terms with a woman named Walsh, who lived in the adjoining premises. Last evening, Rylands went into Walsh's yard for the purpose of drawing water, when sho was warned away by AValsh. A dispute arose, which was soon followed by blows, when Walsh drew a knife and stabbed Rylands in the forehead and left arm. The wounds are not of a dangerous character, al- though the woman was much weakened by loss of blood. A man named Thomas Capern, was brought to tho hospital last evening, suffering from fracture of the libs. Capern was on board the steamer Southern Cross, which arrived in pot t yesterday, and received the injuries men- tioned by a heavy sea washing over the side of the vessel, smashing the skylights, and up- setting everything in its course. The following rewards have been pro- claimed by the Government :-£75, and a free paidon to au accomplice, has been offered for the discovery of the person or persons wire set fire to tinco stacks of wheat at Maffra, Gipps Land, the property of Hugh M'James, on the 2nd of February ; £25, and a free par- don to an accomplice, for the discovery of the person or persons who set fire to a stack ol wheat at Redbank, Avoca, on the 13th ult. ; and £50 and a free pardon to an accomplice, for information which shall lead to the con- viction of the person or persons who were guilty of the death (supposed by suffocation] of a newly-born female child, the body oi which was discovered on the 22nd Jauuarj last, in the soil of the closet of a house in Little Lyons-street, Ballarat. Yesterday was the first day of the Ballarat "Minora' Races." The weather was highlj favourable to the enjoyment of the sport. Mr. Mitchell's bg Chumkoy, aged, won'the Maiden Plate, after a good race with Mr, Tozer's br m nindoo, aged, tho Miller being a good third ; ten horses started for this race, The Miners' Handicap, the principal event ol the day, was won by Rip Van Winkle, 3 yrs, 7st. 31b. (who was mado the favourite), beat- ing Postboy, aged, Ost. 101b., and five others, The Maiden Trot was won by Mr. White house's b g Charlie, aged, beating seven othci animals ; but it was scarcely a race. The Hurdle Race was won by Mr. Tozer'i Mariner's Daughter, 6 yrs, 8st. 81b., beating the favourite, Littlo King, aged, lOst. 41b., and several others of lesser protensions. This was a capital race, the heavy weight bein£ defeated by littlo more than a neck. Then was a good attendance on tho course. A concert was given in the Prahran Town hall last evening by a number of lady atti gentlemen amateurs, assisted by some pro fessionals, [in aid of the organ fund of Al Saints' Church, St. Kilda. The house wai filled i by a large and fashionable audience The programme, which was an extensive one included selections from Verdi, Weber, Meyerbeer, and othor eminent composers, and tbo various pieces were performed in a manner which appeared to give the greates1 satisfaction. Mr. J. A. Edwards, whe officiated as conductor, deserves praise for tin manner in which he fulfilled the duty, Messrs. Kitts and Baker, of Lyster's Open Company, gave a concert at Emerald- hill, oi Wednesday evening last, under the patronagi of the mayor and boiough council. The en tertainment-one of high order-took plací in tho hall of the Mechanics' Insti tute, but was indifferently attended ii consequence of the excitement of tho oloc tion. The yocalists wero Mrs. E. An drow,, and Messrs. Kitts, Baker, Nathan son, Hall, and Sprinckhorn ; M. Stockmeye presiding at tho piano. The selection o music gave 'Satisfaction, and a violin soli by Hi. Hall was loudly applauded. Durini tho interval between the parts, Mr Kitts ' delivered an election speech, on titled " Larkins v. Fitzherbort," thehumou of which was reUshed by the audience The concert concluded with Carl Hen nings', " Frogs Cantata," with tho imitation o frogs in a pond. Tho mayor and other gen tlemen have guaranteed a large number o tickets! for a second concert, which will tab place in a. week or two, when it is believe« that ajcrowded room will compensate for th poorness' of the attendance at the first con- cert. ; , , . , i . . ' ' ' At South Melbourne,- a local team of Srickcters will play an eleven'from East Mel" ourne, and the return match between the Carlton and Prince of Wales Clubs will oome off on the ground of 'the'former. At Heidel- berg the II.C.C. will do battle against a . team chosen frpra the Fitzroy Club. To-day and on Saturday next a match will be played on the Melbourne Cricket-ground, the Garri- son v. an eleven of the M.C.C. j the'game to commence at one o'clock. The following will be tho M.C.C, team ¡-Campbell, Handfield, Wilson, Simmonds, Plummer, nardcastle, Davidson, Haines, Waller, Armytage, and Wray. i A boy of nine years of age, son of Mr. Wise, of Albury, was killed a few days since by riding rapidly against a tree. A boy named llichaid Bent, in the Wangaratta neighbour- hood, Yvas about the same time thrown from his horse and dragged a considerable distance, the effect of the accident being to cause con- cussion of the brain. A Chinese pi isoner succeeded in escaping from custody at Beechworth at the end of last Yveek. A turnkey named Ryan was in charge of four Chinese pri- oners, who were cutting fiiewood near the town, Yvhcn one of the men commenced to walk away. Ryan called after him, and as the runaway would not btop he fired after him, but did not succeed in hitting bira. The fellow had already served three months out of his six months'sentence for larceny. The Geelong Register, writing of Thursday's election, says :-" Rather a disreputable dodge Yvas resoited to by some of the parties Yvho Yrere employed to hunt up voters and bring them to the poll. Naturally, thoy wero auiiotts to appear to be doing something for their liberal pay, and accoi dingly cY-erynow and then two or three vehicles laden with the 'fice and independent'Yvcre driven into pioximity of the polling booth, and there dis- charged their heavy freights, It was ob- served, however, that though these parties all made as though theywcie going to poll yet verj' few, if any, of them entered the booths. Thit led to a closer scrutiny of the occupants Yvhen the vehicles next 'returned, and it was then seen that the majority of tho passengers on several successive occasions wero the same old faces, who wero brought down again and again to the scene of action, evidently to magnify the activity of the canvassing agents, and, pcihaps, make the other side think that the day Yvas going against them. However, Yvhen the trick was found out it merely cicated some merriment, as it did no haim to the other candidates ; and if the,party who ' paid the piper' was satisfied Yvitli the tvork done for his money, no one else liad any right to object." Notice of application has been given for a mineral lease of 640 acres of land on the sea coast, near Addis Bay, Cape Otway. The object is to mine for coal, and it is proposed to form a company, under the title of the Vic- torian Coal- mining Company, with a capital of £10,000. We see by a New South Wales paper that a few days ago Monson and Co.'s drapery store, Forbes, was discovered to be on fire, and in about twenty minutes tho building und its contents, estimated at £2,000, and a brick built bowling- alley, Yvcre consumed. ¡ At the time a brisk breeze prevailed, and but for the almost superhuman excitions of the townspeople and diggers the grcatci portion of tile town must have been swept away by the flames. A man named Woods, alias Strickland, has been sent to gaol for a foitnight, at Wan gaiatta, for peisonating a detective. It was shown that he had accosted a respectable miner, informed him that'he was Detective Woods, and threatened to apprehend him as a bolter norn Tasmania.' The man Henry Hastings, Yvho a few days ago YVOS found in a state of starvation on the banks of tho Woady Yallock, one milo from Cicssy, by a shepherd in the employ of Mr. -John Elder, has been' brought to Geelong, and admitted to the hospital. He is fast re- covering, and now only suiters norn great weakness. Tho Bendigo Adverlher contradicts its former statement as to Mr. MiLaclilan's alleged intention to return to England, on twelve months' leave of absence. The Gipps Land Times Yvrites :-" A very forcible illustration of the antiquated saw, as to ' going out to look for wool, and coming home shorn,' Yvas afforded in the County | Couit on Tuesday. An individual who had pawed through the Insoh ont Court some time previously instituted proceedings, through the medium of the official assignee, against seve- ral persons whom he had set down as his debtors. It tianspiied in the evidence, how- ever, ti at the 'boot Yvas on the wiong foot,' as tiie lhajority of the defendants pleaded sets-off far in excess of the amounts sought to be recovered. The consequence YVOS that the lover of litigation was nonsuited, with costa in each case, to his evident araazemont and discomfiture, as he levelled in the delusive apprehension that he could recover debts contracted Yvith him prior to his insolvency, Yvhilst parties to whom he was indebted had no alternative but to foi feit their claims." Sullivan, Yvho attacked Robert Saunders at SheopYva8h Creek, near Coleraine, a few days ogo, and nearly killed him Yvith an axe, has been committed to take his tiial at the Belfast Circuit Court. At the usual fortnightly meeting of the Inglewood Borough Council, on Wednesday last, Mr. Mai tin Ward Yvas, for tho second time, elected mayor of Inglewood, in the place of MK Pratt, Yvho had íesigned. We are in receipt of our Tasmanian files to the 20th inst. Besides the îeport of tho laces, tiley contain little intelligence of any general interest. The Launceston Champion Race Yvas won by Mr, Tait's Fiiewoiks, with Sydney Tim second, and Strop third. Daniel Connois had been sentenced to death for tho murder of Ellen Griffiths at Longford, and Ephraim Booth, for a criminal assault com- mitted on a child named Ellen Slice at Tor- quay. We are indebted to the special le portcr of The Avshalacian foi tho account of the Champion Race which appears in an- other column. We regret to observe, by tho papers received yestciday fiom New Zealand by the steam- ship Auckland, that from the 2nd to tho Gth inst. very serious stoiros of wind and rain prevailed throughout both the North and Middle Island. From Napier to the Bluff, all down tho West Coast, soY-erc losses are re- ported. The Yvrecks include tho ships Echunga, Star of Tasmania, and Water Nymph, the steamer William Miskin, the schooner Otago, and some small craft. Tiie loss of life was considorablo, and great destruction had been dono to the wops, as well as to villages and the houses of settlers. Bridges had been Yvashed away, and roads rendered impassable. As full details as space will permit of are given in another column. The gale was fromE.S.E., and, therefoie, Yvould not be felt so severely on the Yvest coast. No papers from Hokitika, ho« ever, aro to hand, the Auckland having como-up direct from Port Chalmers and the Bluff. A telegram from Wollington, in the Otage Times, is to tho following effect :-" Bishoi Selwyn writes to Bishop Abrahams, of Wel: lington, that he has been sent for by tin Queen, and, at her urgent request, ho has re considered her offer, and hps accepted th< sec of Lichfield. The Bishop of Christchurch, as senior, is to be the metropolitan bishop Bishop Selwyn temporarily returns to attend the next synod." It is stated by the Wellington Independent that Captain Benson by the last mail re crived official intimation, from his director! in London, that Her Majesty's Governraonl couldTnot take possession of the übnd o i Opara, in consequence of French protection having bcen'oxtended to it in May last. This intelligence was conveyed to Lord Claud Hamilton from the Foreignpffioe. "Itslo3s,'' ' says the Independent, "is much to bo re- gretted, and would not have occurred if Sir George Grey's wishes had been carried out, he having applied for its survey and occupation the previous year." The new artists of Mr. Lyster's opera com- pany, for whose benefit the performance at the ¡Theatre Royal took piace last night, have every reason to be satisfied with the patronage they received. His Excellency the Governor i and Lady Manners Sutton, the Misses Manners Sutton, and other members of His Excellency's family, were present, and the house was densely crowded in every part. The opera, "The Barber of Seville." was certainly not as well performed as on the occasion of its production, a week ago, at the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre. The orchestra, which had been augmented by the addition of some members of the Theatre | Royal band, was not well rehcaisod, and the consequence was that the accompani- ments (on which the success of tho perfor- mance of this work so much depends) were generally faulty, and at times decidedly bad. Tho violoncello choids to tho recitations wore \ery indifferently executed, especially in the first act, and all through the opeia tho instru- mentalists were larely at one with the vocalists. The music of "Tho Barber" is moic within tho compass of Signora Vltali's voice than that of any other she has yet taken part in, but notwithstanding this she did not sing in tune last night. The finale to the second act was spoiled by her defects. Her best poiformance was the " Una voce poco fa," but this was not as good as when she sang it last week. Why when : she is taking her music-lesson half way up the stage does she consider it neccs saij- to come down to the footlights, and sing diicetly to the audience? Surely this is inconsistent. Signors Dcvoti and Bertolini as the Count and Figaio were effective, and Signor Do Antoni was íemarkably good as Basilio. His song, "La calumnia," 'was unquestionably the most distinguished thing in the opera. Mr. Do Haga was moro at home as Dr. Bal tolo than on a former occasion ; but he, with the lest, must have felt the want of pioper orchestral sup- port and efficiency. After the opera two acts of "Ingomar" were performed, with Mr. Anderson as the hero ; and between them Rossini's terzetto " Papa taci " was sung by Signors Devoti, Bertolini, and De Antoni. An Micore of this highly amusing trio was at- tempted, but the lateness of the hour, wc presume, prevented its repetition. At the Royal Princess's Thcatie last even- ing the entertainments consisted of tho burlesque of the sensational drama, " Tho Woman in Mauve," and "Maiy Turner" the principal character by Mr. Challes Young. There was only a moderately well attended house. At the Duke of Edinburgh Theatre last evening Dibdin Pitt's drama of "Simon Lee, or the Murder at the Five-fields Copse," was lepcated, followed by the faice "The Cap- tain's Not a-Miss." This evening "The Will and the Way," dramatised by Mr. W. M. Brown, will be produced. The following icturn shows the number of letters, packets, and npwspapers received at and despatched fiom Victoria per the Penin- sular and Oriental Company's Royal mail steamships during the months of January and February last :-Received per Bombay, 47,381 letters, 2,212 packets, 100,075 news- papers : despatched per Avoca, 51,034 letters, 727 packets, (12,803 newspapers ; received per Geelong, 40,220 letters, 2,100 packets, 111,113 newspapers. Total, 145,558 letters, 5,048 packets, 280,081 newspapeis. At the weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, 'held yesterday, the superintendent made the following return :-Number oi inmates in the home, as reported last week, 281 ; admitted since,' 115 ; persons who have leceived out- door relief, 639, or 158 families, j total rolicved, 1,035; discharged irom the' librae during (¡lie week, 106 ; total at present remaining, 290 ; number of women hair-teasing, 17 ; in the laundry, 4 ; men oakum-picking, 48 ; work- ing outside, 3. Tho following subscriptions wet e received during the week per Mr. Golf, collector, viz. :-Mr. J. T. Haicouit, £1 Is. ; ' Hudson and Watkins, £1 Is. ; a number of books, and a few articles of clothing, were received from Mrs. Gideon S. Lang. The committee acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of £50, por His Excellency Sir J, JI. T. Manners Sutton, K.C.B., from a donor who desires his narao not to he made public. They have also to acknowledge tho receipt of the sum of £10, per Mr. Gaidmer, of Matyborough, norn the friends of an inmate who was leceived into the institution in ill-health, and subse- quently died there. 