NEWS OF THE WEEK. The Rev. D. P. M. Hulberfc has been making a pastoral tour round portion of this district. He started on the evening of Tues day, the 15th inst., visited several farms, held service at Mrs. Booking's homestead next day, and a morning service at Mr. Whitticker's farm on the Thursday. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to Mr. Horsley's station, at Yabtree, to hold evening service. We have not of latd visited this locality, but we learn that such have been the judicious im provements the present occupant has effected that if any of the Hillas family were now to revisit Yabtree they would hardly know the .place again. Mr. Hulbert christened some infant3, and was gratified to hear that the elder children of several families in that locality went regularly to receive religious instruction at Mrs. Windeyer's Sunday-school. Twenty seven persona assembled at Mr. Wbit ticker's for divine service, and we understand that upwards of sixty people have been bene fited by this pastoral' visitation of Mr. Humbert;. The rev. gentleman has since vasited , Adelong and' on Thursday left Gun dagajforjGoulbum.^ ^_ ? _ j 'On Monday last an examination of the children attending the. Church of England school, 'South Gundagai, took place, prior to the breaking up for the Christinas holidays. ,G.,,Stuckey. Esq., one of the LuchI Board, was present. The scholars answered the questions put by Mr. McCutcheon with great readiness, and the discipline,. intelligence, and marked improvement in the various branches they displayed, as contrasted with their perfor mances at their last examination, before Mr. Coburn, inspector, proved that their preceptor had labored diligently and skilfully in his vocation. The attendance has greatly in creased since Mr. McCutcheon has assumed the mastership of the school, and we trust that it will continue to be well supported. In time perhaps a better school building may be obtained ; meanwhile it is satisfactory to learn that the children are carefully taught in the present place. According to their annual custom the Liver pool and London and Globe Insurance Com pany have issued an almanac for the ensuing year to their constituents. It is remarkably tastefully and elegantly got up. This artistic .'production is from the office of Mr. Lee: lithographer; Sydney, and is orna mental [in addition tajujng useful in- any counting house or othjSfpla^eVf business.' ' Dr. R. N. .CobbeuT has, \h« official organ intimates, been appointed Government vaccina tor for the Gundaa&i; district, j ? __ ? ' We have been requested to givo the follow ing abstract of the memoranda forwarded by Mr. Ficzhardinge to the Attorney-General, relative to the charge of attempted suicide brought against Mr. Russell, at Wagga Wagga, a report of which appeared in our lost issue. The Attorney-General, as we stated, at once directed that Mr. Russell should be admitted to bail, and it is very doubtful whether any further proceedings will be taken in the matter. The statement we refer to asserts that Mr. Russell, at the hearing of the charge, before the Wagga Wagga Bench, had no opportunity of vindicating himself, because when Mr Russell's solicitor rose to address the 'bench on his behalf, and to propose to call witnesses as to his previous habits and mental condition, or the state of mind he was in at the time he made the assertions on the strength of which ho was given into custody, and also to state the reasons that caused Mr Russell to assert that he had intended to shoot himself. the Police Magistrate stated that the Bench had already decided to commit the case for trial, thu3 virtually closing the case on an ex parte statement. The facts that would have been stated are (the memoranda show) as fol lows: He (Mr Russell) had been harrassed by privato affairs, had been for three nights previous without sleep, and had driven sixty miles when he reached Kyamba on the 10th inst., eating nothing by the way, but drinking brandy to sustain him. :After attempting vain-' lytii pTocoeTtto'Albury'heVent toTaed'and fell asleep, but awoke up shortly after, and felt his head so bad that he called up the landlord and, as was stated, was seized with a sort of fit, during which he (Mr. Russell) suddenly rose and shut and locked the door of his room. Mr. Smith and the others then entered the room through the window, doubtless adding to Mr. Russell's state of alarm and nervousness thereby. When he had a little recovered he sat up with Messrs. Rouse, Lavender and Smith, and was allowed to drink several glasses of brandy. After arranging to go to Albury next morning Mr. Russell retired to bed, and now recollects distinctly fearing some one would jump in at his window and do him some injury. He, therefore, sought for his revolver, (which ho always placed when travelling underneath his niattross) and having found it sat up in the bed watching, to warn anyone from annoying him further. Hence, as stated in the evident. 'MV. Russell called out ' stand clear ' when Mr. Smith came into the room and laid hold of him, and in the struggle the pistol went off accidentally. On being'told by Mr. Rouse that he had wounded and nearly snot Mr. Smith, Mr. Russell, being, half delirious and not responsible for his statements at the time, and fearing such an accusation might be brought against him, burst into hysterical tears, and said he meant to kill himself, not being collected enough to reflect upon the serious nature of the offence he was thus charging himself with. The document we quote from asserts that Mr. Russell never in his life contemplated suicide. After he had slept he awoke in perfect .con sciousness, as if from some horrid dream, and was so self possessed that he was allowed to drive in his own buggy to Wagga Wagga. His position, charged as he then was with such, a grave offence, was worse than before, and had he been inclined to attempt suicide he had both a razor and a knife in his possession. Mr. Smith admitted that Mr. Russell was in 'r^eifee^pessesaionHjfjJuB^paases. .but^BsitWhia, Was unable to withdraw the' charge against him. It was also urged that Mr. Russell had suffered deeply from the imprisonment of four days and nights he had already undergone, on a charge based entirely on words he made use of when laboring under excitement which produced a state of mind akin to temporary, insanity; that he could produce ample medical testimony to his previous and' present sanity ; and satisfactory evidence . as to his general habits and', character. This statement we trust will have the effect of clearing Mr. Russell from any further annoyance relative to this unfortunate affair. A rather unpleasant snake adventure hap pened to the wife and children of Mr. Antonio Melzer, of Gundagai, the other day. They had descended into the wine cellar at the back of their residence, at Spring flat, when they were alarmed by a hissing noise, and on looking round saw a large snake sitting erect under the steps, like an animated corkscrew, and darting out its forked tongue in a menacing manner. Not being able to get away they called out, and their cries brought Mr. Melzer to their assistance, but as he also came into the cellar before he was aware of the cause of their alarm, and was unable to get out to procure a weapon, his aid was of little avail. At length Mr. Melzer made a hole in the roof by which he escaped, and having procured the assistance of a neighbour named Paslow they made a hole in the wall opposite to the steps, introduced the muzzle of a gun, and shot the reptile. The snake was of a leaden colour, very thick in the middle, and six feet six inches long. A flock of 7,500 travelling sheep belonging to Messrs. Stinson, passed through Gundagai on Thursday last in charge of Mr. John Large. '? ' A Gundagai pig startled a horse that was being watered on Tuesday, and the rider mounted thereon came]to/grief, Being.pledg ed;to secrecy we can give no'furtherpartioulars than to say tho accident is not likely to cause nny serious consequences. . ... . :, . Evans' grand moving panorama, depicting incidents in the life and adventures of James Morrill, will be exhibited this evening at Webb's Assembly rooms. As it is quite a new exhibition - we are not in a position personally to speak of its merits, but judging from .the eulogies passed . upon, it by the press of the towns where it has.- already been shewn we should imagine it to be as .interesting as that of the Amorican War. The proprietor -is known to ub, and if enterprise will et all times command success, he must now be in very affluent circumstances. _ ? We are glad to learn that the rumour. that the f Oidium Tuckerii 'had appeared at- the Lake Albert vineyards, near Wagga Wagga, is incorrect.- Our ' vignerons,' should, however, still carefully inspect their vines at once. With regard to remedies used, Mr. Fowler, of Camp belltown, has applied successfully a solution of Bitlphur and lime. The lime and sulphur, in equal parts of 4J lbs., were well mixed in a dry state, and put into two gallons of water and boiled for fifteen minutes. -This solution can, of course, be used in any weather; but tho dry sulphur should he applied on a calm, hot, dry day, and in the morning so that the sun may quickly come on it. .In: moat cbbos two applications will be sufficient, if care is taken to sulphur tho whole plant. .This week the weather has been intensely hot, ranging from 102 to 108 degrees in the shade, the air has been dim with smoke and haze, and bush fires have been burning ia many of the ranges round Gundagai. All tha bush, indeed, from Nangus in a north eastern direction, as far as Cuotntnundra, has been ia flames, and station holders have been up watching for some nights. At Nangus a strong able-bodied man while assisting to beat out the flames' was so overcome by the heat that he fell senseless on the burning grass, and but for tho ttid of his mates might have heen seriously if not fatally injured. Hot winds, blazing sunshine, tepid water, heat, glare, dust, bush-fires, dried herbage, . ; and a plague of flies, are sorry Christmas boxes ; but they aro what .the season presents ? ... ;. to residents within our locality. Perhaps, in .',..? a minor way, none suffer more inconvenience ? ? from such weather than newspaper proprie tors. It is almost impossible for pressmen to keep the rollers used for laying on the ink, . which are chiefly compounded of glue and : treacle, from melting. Our .readers who have complained of smudginess in our last issue little know the difficulties with which we have had to contend. We have already had .to make three new rollers this week, and it is. quite possible that before the inside of the present hsue is printsd off we may, have to get a fourth manufactured. if (j-n Christmas diiy there was a pleftsantfH^Tf -Htf! breeze and the air was a trifle- cooler than -in. the previous part of the week, which would doubtless enable all people to do ample justice to their Christmas dinners. Gundagai put on a holiday aspect, the various houses of enter tainment and stores being decked with ' green boughs in honor of the day. Even the temporary aspect of verdure and csolness thus imparted to our streets was so refreshing that we could not but again reflect how great an. \ ? ' ' improvement to the general appearance of our township and to the comfort of our residents might be effected by planting a row of trees on each side of the main street, as we formerly ? .'.'. suggested. The religious services appropriate for tho day were conducted in St. John's ' ' ? Anglican church by the Rev. H. S. Seaborn. A telegraph line inspector has sometimes hard duties to uerfom. The late bush fires having burned down many of the posts be tween the Adelong Crossing place and Mun darlo, Mr. Smithers started on Thursday morn ing to repair the damage done. The day was ' intensely hot, and while effecting his mission, ' Mr. Smithers was so overcome by the sun'a rays and the heat from the smouldering fires around that he was only able to crawl to thjjj||^ .' shade of a tree when he fainted. On rccovePBHfc ing he found his clothes burned, his hands ';^P? blistered, and his pocket handkerchief smoul dering away in his pocket. Mr. Smithers, with great exertion, effected the temporary renair3 necessarv. and started this morninir to complete his task. It is an undeniable fact that the reverend Mr. Hulbert's pastoral visit to Gundagai has had the effect' of causing the church wardens and other office-bearers to send their unconditional resignation to the Bishop of the Diocese. The contract of P. J. McAlister and W. J.. Bowen has been accepted for a mail by coach between Murrumburrah, Cootamundra, Junee, and Wagga Wagga via Bethungra and Conju- gong, once a week for one year, at £125. The next homeward mail will be despatched from Sydney on the 2nd January. Letters - and papers intended to go by it should be posted in Gundagai' not later than Thursday next. ? ..:.' -.- Among a list'of' approved claims for pre emptive leases in' ihe' ' Government Gazette * we find tho following :— Leah Howe, Jugiong, 960 acres, County Buccleugh; R. K. Broughton, Adelong, 970 acros, County Wynyard. On Monday ' last the announced sale of Crown lands commenced in the Gundagai Court-house. Three sections of the village of Coolac were put up by the land agent but ; found no bidders. On Tuesday there was' a '' ' better attendance, and the following lots were : ' disposed of: — Luko Shelvey, 40 acres, on. Muttama Creek, County Harden, at £2 6s. per acre ; James Fitzpatrick, eight lots of 80 acres each, at Cowcumbala, 7 miles from Cootamundra, County Harden, at the upset price' of £1 per acre; Thomas Broughtoa, six ? lots on the left bank of Muttama Creek, ranging from 88 to 29 acres each, County Harden, at the upset price of £1 per acre ; J. A. Dallas, two Iota respectively 44 and 49 acres, eamo place, at the npset price £1 on acre ; James Pring, 240 acres, Gobarralong, ?.,. County Harden, at the upset price of £1 per . acre ; P. J. O'Donnell, 100 acres, Coolac, ., County Harden, at the upset price of £1 per- . acre ; M. Doyle, senr., 9 acres 12 perches, at -, . South Gundagai, at the upset price of £2 10a. per acfel ? . ... We have seen in one or two papers a paragraph, originally derived from the ' Wagga -Wigga Advertiser,' stating, relative to some remarks that appeared in this journal as to 'the snagging operations on the Murnimbidgee, ' Our contemporary (the ' Gundagai Times '): - - predicts a - brilliant future for the- .farmers ?? ? ? '.. of his dUtrkt when-the-«dvaot»g«s of rive*. - -. »i. communication -with the largo pastoral districts of the Murrumbidgee and Edward Rivers are secured to them. We sincerely trust that -. ho and they will not be disappointed.' The. writer of the paragraph- has misapprehended .. our meaning. We said- vrfaea- the snagging . '. '.., operations, were-. 'commenced- it was supposed '* ';,. . an outlet -for the surplus produce o£.these ' . districts existed in lower RiTcrina, and we urged that if our residents, did', not provide themselves with a river steamer and barges ' '. to test the merits of the water communication now, -at great expense, placed within 'their Tencb. no one would be likely to find these- ' '- -essentials for them. We wish wt-'eonld ?' predict ??'?'? a brilliant future for the formers of oiir district,' from river transit or from any othor source; but at present 'we do not see it. : No doubt it will eventually arrive, but, aa in the case of the ' good time coming ' foretold in song, they will have to 'wait a littls longer ' for it. We have never, in truth, been ;.. . sanguine as to the benefits tho clearing of the ;?-, river would confer on our district, _ but we . should like,' nevertheless, to see an attempt mode to test its merits. The river is now, we understand, fairly cleared between Gundagai . and Wagga Wagga,- with, the exception. of i; Borne few large snags, which the steam winch constructed in this locality will remove on it* downward progress ; and the staff of men, . punts, -kc., have left for Narandora, to procooA with tho downward clearing of tho river. We. are requested to correct an error that appeared in our last issue. The lemonade, trad Bodivwater that roch a demand exists for is the manufacture of our townsman Mr. Haneon. Edward Dickens, son of Charles Dickens, h»3 arrived in Melbourne, and intends embark ing in squatting pursuits in Biverins, Intelligence has. been received in Adelaide that, on the recommendation of the Duke of Edinburgh, the. Queen has granted a pension of £100 a ye*r to Lady'Daly, in recognition of the warm and cordial reception given to the Duke by the late' Governor. George Fearnej who was last week arrested on a charge of forging a cheque for £1500 on tile National 'Bank, Melbourne, has been ditcharged, as it has been shown that he sold abosfc 300 ozs.. of gold to the National Bank, Ballarat, and received for it £1150 which he deposited in the Oriental' Bank. It is a suspicious circumstance that he sold it under the name of Hughes. No trace of the real forger hat been discovered. A few days*go,.at Wodongi, Mrs. Wynian the wife of the lay-reader, was cutting some bread and butter, when a sudden gust cf wind came down, the chimney, and carried the flames to her dress. She' was severely burned about die artos and upper portion of the body, sustaining such' severe injuries that, after lingering for about a week, death terminated A reward of £50 is offered for tSa appre hension of Mr. Alfred Cullimore, a gentleman who has been living in rather ' fast ' style lately, upon 'means not legally his own. He was originally ' wanted for deserting his wife, and leaving her without means of support at Ballarat His unexpected absence led to examination of acoounts. which he bent ea mining manager of the United Albion and Prinoe of Wales Company, and the result was * discovery that he had embezzled a consider able sum of money belonging to the company. The missing one was accompanied in his flight fcy a' young- woman named Fisher. The Wecdquree Distillery Company appears io be carrying on successfully, as steps are bfjng now taken for building additions to the company's premises. Tta 'Ballarat Star' tears that 1,000 gallons of spirits were sent to Melbourne alone last week. - The people of Orange are determined to keen the grass on their common for the use of the inhabitants of the township. The ranger has recently impounded two lots of 4,000 and 6,000 sheep from the aomraon, and is on the outlook for others said to be heading towards ihatfrM&spot.; The Peripatetic philosopher in the 'Austra lasian' thus comments .on immigrants: — I think we' may safely assume that nobody would come oat here if he could make money an England. ' I could get more for twopence at home than I can for half-a-crown here,' said a friend of mine. ' Then why did not you stop at home 5' I not unnaturally inquired. ' Because I could not get the twopence,' was the reply. The 'S. M. Herald' gives the following sensible summary of the supposed Fenian conspiracy to assassinate Prince Alfred, and of OTarrell's character: — Our own impression is, that ho was a self-appointed executioner of . what he -supposed _ to Jw.^yjnseance.for Jraland'— a weak, vain man, angry with' hUtoelf and all the world, and seeking excite ment and self-esteem, in that exaggerated patriotism which is the refuge of men who are disdassed— bankrupt in fame and fortune — ' the refuge,' said Jonius, ' of a scoundrel.' But we imagine that the selection of the victim— the method of action, were all liis own, and that the responsibility of the parti cular deed must rest upon his memory. Dnffield's new Victoria flour mill at Gawler, Adelaide, has been destroyed by fire, causing great lost and throwing many out of employ ment The Menindie mail coach, South Australia, was lately bailed up by a bushranger; he only got £liront of the letters in one bag and overlooked the others. The following complimentary remarks were made by Mr Isaacs in the House, on Tuesday last, in reference to Mr Forster :— The hon. member reminded him of RasUeigh Oabaldi atone. of whom- Sir Walter Kmtf. »M ft»f. nature stamped a warning upon his counten ance, as she had given to the rattlesnake a rattle, to show that there was something dan* geroua about him. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member reminded him of a character drawn by Tom Moorej- Mokanna, the Veiled Prophet of Khorassan. He regretted to be thus personal, that he should be dragged from a bed of sick ness to vindicate his honour from the gross as perdonajof this pettyfogging politician, this paltry logician, this confused metaphysician. If his (Mr Forster**) insignificant life were at an end this night New South Wales would go oa perhaps more prosperous by because of hit death. In the deep dishonours of the grave the hon. member would be surrounded by the corruption which he desired while living to ' fasten oa others. - A reward of £25 is offered by Government for the apprehension of the incendiary who set fire to a l^yitMji belonging to Mr. Saalley, of. the Sportsman's Arms, North Deniliquin, on the 27th ultimo. In the House, on TtKiday. Mr. Parked in replying to the attacks on him. and support ing the Want of Confidence motion rose at ten minn tea- to 9 to reply, and continued on fail legs until half-past 12. A very large number of visitors remained till the close of the debate. The result of the division was received with much cheering and counter cheering. ' The 'Western Post' of Friday states Oat the mail from Mundooran was stuck-up on Wednesday week evening, about half-past 6 o'clock, on this side of Guntawrang, and robbed. A telegram from Gladstone, dated Decem ber 17th, published in the Brisbane 'Courier' states that news baa been brought to town that the blacks an very troublesome at Dungaree station (Bell's). One of the savages attempted to commit a rape on aMraHutcbius, a shepherd's wife at the Three-mile Hut The poor woman resisted him successfully, but got much cut and bruised about the face. When aha escaped from her assailant she ran to seek tier husband, and lost herself in the bush for two days. Eventually she found her way to Mr. Jerrard'a. A few of. tbe tMttve police ?tff nuch. wanted, __ ? :_ ? ^ A coal carrier named George Bearham was recently struck dead by lightning at East Mait land, as he was . returning homewards with his dray during a thunderstorm. The Corowa correspondent of the ' Albury Banner' states that on the 16th instant a youth named Wyne, living at Black Dog Creek, near Wahgunyah, committed suicide by putting the muzzle of a gun, loaded with powder only, into his mouth, and blowing his head to pieces. Lindsay, the murderer of the Bhearer at Deniliquin, has been arrested at Anderson's Creek, Victoria. The remains of the ill-fated Mrs. Matthews, of the Burrowa Hotel, have been discovered. It will be remembered -that on the 13th October last she jumped off the coach from Jugiong, when within half a mile of Bogolong, and ran off into the bush. Her corose. which had been dried up to Bkin and bone, and some of her clothes,, were discovered by Mr. Conroy, a squatter at Stoney Creek, at the falls of the Milora Creek, on the 18th instant A deplorable boat accident happened in Sydney Harbour on Sunday last. Five sea men belonging to the ship Chevy Chose were upset in a boat as they were passing Goat Island. Two swum ashore, one was picked up by a boat, and the other two were drowned. It is said that a. .Mr. Campbell, Bon of a wealthy squatter 'in- 'New -Zealand, has-; sold sotno 400 sheep from a flock he-was entrusted with, at Rutherglen, and has absconded, leaving the remainder of the flock in the charge of two boys. Administration of the personal eatate of the late Mr. Ambrose Kyte was granted on Thurs day to the widow of the deceased, Sarah Ann TC^te 1 hfl ivnTwrfctf waft nwnrn unnW 41 ft flflfY — 'ArgOS.' A sight of unusual interest (says the ' Mary borough Chronicle ') is afforded by a monster raft of splendid cedar, from the Upper Mary, nearly a thousand feet in length, which is now lying in the river alongside, and for some distance above the timber yard of Messrs. Cooper and Jones, the purchasers. The value of this immense, mass of high-prized material 1b between two and three thousand pounds, and most of it has taken Mr. Denman, the original owner, two years to fell and collect from a point 180 miles distant from the head of regular navigation. Holloway'a Ointment and Pills. — Old and Youne^-a^hese nWo remedies cannplf lj§ too higWy enrolled forVha beautiful in^uencuthey exeft dvw the man\ maladies incidental to all ages and to all classes. Old sores, ulcers, bad legs, and skin diseases, which secretly undermine the healthVmd render life a prolonged torture, may beveadily removed by the aid of this very cleaWng aud healing Ointment, assisted by Howway's purifying Pills. These remedies cdbprise in the smallest compass the best meais of prevent ing, or removing, the greater number of diseases which afflict mankind, Yhrough their ignorance, negligence, hardships, or. over indulgence. They are, therefor^, earnestly recommended to those who suffer from the indiscretions of youth.— Advt 