TUESDAY-MARCH 24. Before the police-magistrate. Bartholomew Twomey was charged with a breach of the Treason-Felony Act. Senior-sergeant Fenton deposed: I arrested pri soner this morning on a charge of having, on the 23rd instant, used language disrespectful to her Most Gracious Majesty by saying "it served the Prince right, he has no business in this country ;" in reply prisoner said "where ? who heard me ?" I said at Mr. Topham's. The prisoner was here remanded till later in the day, to procure the attendance of Mr. Topham. James Freeney was charged with having been found at two p.m. lying in Bourke-street drunk, and was sentenced to be imprisoned for six calendar months. James Martin was charged with threatening to blow out his wife's brains. Sarah Martin deposed: The defendant is my hus hand; we have been married forty years; he is habitually violent; he never sees me but, he threatens me ; he said yesterday he would blow my brains out; my daughter Jessie was present; he was under the influence of drink; he is frequently so. and always violent and always at such times threatens my life; he has gone on in this way for the last three years; he has been in the habit of taking a knife and threatening me; I am not safe from his violence unless he is restrained. Jessie Martin corroborated the above evidence. Defendant was ordered to find sureties, himself in £80, and two others in £40 each, or to be imprisoned for three calendar months. Bartholomew Twomey, referred to above, was again brought before the court. George Topham, publican, Goulburn, deposed: I saw the prisoner last night at my house with a lame man; the man before the court (James Freeney) is the man; I heard them talking about the Prince; I understood them to mean the Duke of Edinburgh; Freeney said it was a pity to shoot him; prisoner said it served him right, or words to that effect?, he had no business in the country; prisoner had been In my house about two hours; he came about at nine o'clock; prisoner had been drinking but was not drunk; Freeney was more drunk than pri soner; they had only one glass of rum each at my house with which I served them, but Freeney had a bottle from which both drank; I heard no other conversation about the Prince; no one else was present. James Freeney deposed : I saw the prisoner last night: I was drinking with him somewhere; I be fore I said it was a pity the Prince was shot I be lieve the prisoner said it served him right ; I had been drinking and am in the habit of doing so, and was dealt with here yesterday and to-day; we were speaking of the Duke of Edinburgh ; I suppose it was him; some nonsense passed; I did not say it served him right. Prisoner, who said nothing, was committed to take his trial at the next circuit court. Bail allowed, prisoner in £150, and two sureties in £75 each. John Matthews was charged with horse-stealing. Constable Waters deposed: Prisoner was given into my charge last night by one George Fray, for stealing a chesnut horse, bridle; and saddle; Fray stated that he had lent the prisoner the horse to go to Kippilaw last Sunday week, and when the pri soner did not return he came into Goulburn and gave information; I arrested the prisoner, who said, "the horse is at Allen's, and you can go and get it;" a short time after he said he had sold it for two pounds; I went with prisoner down Market square and met George Ticehurst, who said he had bought the horse, bridle, and saddle and had sold them again; the horse is outside the court; he is a dark chesnut; I got him from Daniel White; Fray claimed the horse. George Fray, a German deposed: I am a shep herd at Winderadeen; prisoner lives close to me; I saw chesnut horse, bridle, and saddle outside the court; they are mine; the horse is branded RA; I lent them to prisoner to go to Kippilaw on lest Sunday week; I told him I wanted them the next Tuesday; he promised to bring him back on Tues day morning; he never did so; I never saw pri soner or horse again till yesterday in the street, after I had given information to the police; I gave prisoner into custody; I found the horse in a pad dock near the river; horse, saddle, and bridle are worth £5 I never authorised prisoner or any one else to sell them. George Ticehurst deposed; On Friday last pri soner led a horse to my door and asked if I wanted to buy a horse; he said he wanted £2 10s. for him; It had a saddle and bridle on; those outside the court are the same; I said I would not give more than £2 for them after a short time he took it; I sold them the same afternoon to Daniel White for £2 10s. Daniel White deposed: I live in Goulburn; I bought the horse outside the court from George Ticehurst on Friday last for £2 10s.; I gave him up to the constable last night. Prisoner was committed to take his trial at the ensuing circuit court. Bail allowed. GOULBURN MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. - The council met yesterday evening. Present, the Mayor and Aldermen Horn, Stewart, Fox, and Richards. The previous minutes were read and confirmed. Pro. posed by Alderman Fox and seconded by Alderman Richards-"That the resolution carried on the 25th February, for the formation of a by-law committee be re-considered, and the following put in its place, viz., -That the by-law committee be composed of the whole council."-Carried. Propoed by the Mayor, and seconded by Mr. Alder- man Richards-" That application be made to the government for allotments 84 to 94, 97 to 100; and 104 to 106, on plan of suburban allotments; Also for that part of the Old Township shown on plan as the Crescent." Carried unanimously.-Notice of motion by Mr. Alderman Horn: "That the town- clerk be instructed to apply for a grant of land next to the mechanics' institute, suitable for the erection of a town- hall." - The town-clerk was specially instructed to beg the attendance of aldermen for the purpose of considering the by-laws. - As will be seen by advertisement, Alderman Dignam has resigned his office owing to ill health. This must be a source of regret not only to his many friends but to the whole municipality. Mr. Dignam carries with him the respect and esteem of all by whom he is known and their best wishes for his restoration to health. THE ELECTORAL LISTS for Argyle and for Goul- burn have been completed and may be inspected at the court-house. It will behove all interested to see that their names appear correctly thereon. THE GOULBURN PUBLIC SCHOOL - Considerable anxiety has been felt by parents on the subject of the opening of the public school, which many now begin to doubt will ever take place. In the mean- time of course the children have to be sent some- where or other; and if their parents be satisfied with the progress they make they will probably be continued where they now go; and hence the public school will start under much less favourable auspices than if it had been commenced with something like promptitude. Some two or three weeks ago a letter directed to "C. H. Walsh Esq., secretary of the local board" was received containing plans and specifications of proposed alterations, and suggesting that if approved of tenders should be called for the necessary works but Mr. Walsh is not secretary of the local board, and this for the very obvious reason that no local board has yet been appointed a fact of which surely the council of education ought to have been aware. Of course no one felt justified in taking action with respect to the alterations; and (illegible) secretary of education has been ill and unable to attend at the office for nearly three weeks past. It is now stated that the school will be opened on Monday, the 6th April; but if so it will necessarily have to be commenced without the necessary improvements being effected, which will be much to be regretted. It is said that the teachers may be expected to arrive in town in a day or two. As already mentioned Mr. Kennett will be the principal master. This gentleman's qualifications are spoken of in the very highest terms; and many persons go so far as to regard him as the very best teacher in the colony. His attainments are of a very high character. We believe that there will also be an assistant teacher for the boys' school. Miss Eliza M. Wright is appointed mistress of the girls' school. Miss Wright has been assistant teacher for two years, and was previously a pupil teacher for four years. She has passed her examination with considerable credit. The infants' school will be under the charge of Miss Annie Collins, who has been trained under the council and has for some time past been acting as assistant teacher in an infant school with a view to the present appointment. She was a pupil teacher for four years. So far as the appointments are con- cerned there seems every reason to be satisfied with the selections made by the council. SALE AT QUEANBEYAN OF LEASES OF CROWN LANDS.--On Monday, the 20th April, the leases of seventeen lots of crown lands will be offered for sale at Yass. The lands were lately rented by Messrs. H. Hume, M. Best, N. Besnard, P. Best, J. Christie, J. Connell, and A. Stephenson. On the same day, at Burrowa, the leases of two portions lately rented by Messrs. A. H. Hume and J. Keshen will be offered. Their situation is not described in the Government Gazette. .... SALE AT QUEANBEYAN OF LEASES OF CROWN LANDS.-On Monday, 20th April, there will be offered for sale at Queanbeyan the leases of two sec tions of land in the county of Murray, formerly rented by T. Shanahan. SALE AT GOULBURN OF LEASES OF CROWN LANDS. - On Monday, 20th April, at Goulburn, there will be offered for sale the leases of nineteen lots of crown lands formerly rented by Messrs. J. Hannan, W. Lees, J. McGuire, H. McLaughlin, E. Bassingthwaighte, J. and T. Barry, J. Fulljames A. Stevenson, L Fenton, J. Burnett, H. Maynard, and J. Sharwood. The Government Gazette gives no information as to the situation of the land. SALE AT BERRIMA OF LEASES OF CROWN LANDS. -On Monday, 20th April, at the court-house, Berrima, there will be offered for sale the leases of ten lots of lad, being portions formerly rented by W. Brownlow , W. Blue, and B. Burke. The Government Gazette does not decribe the situation of these lots. GOULBURN LITERARY SOCIETY. - The usual meet ing of this society took place on Monday evening. There was a moderate attendance of members. ln the absence of the president and vice-president, Mr. Fallick was voted to the chair, and introduced Mr. W. Teece, junr., to the meeting, who delivered a very instructive lecture on Mutual Improvement. He impressed upon members the importance of im proving those powers of mind which nature had so liberally bestowed upon them and showed that without thus improving their minds they could not achieve anything great in the world. Self-improve ment ought to be.one of the leading objects to engage the minds of all in the present day, as it would be a source of pleasure and profit to them in the future, when perhaps they would have little time for study; The lecturer was of opinion that reading would give them correct opinions and lead them to think; but if it did not lead them to think for themselves it would be of, little value to them. Thought was the life of study, and unless they thought upon what the read, it could not operate beneficially upon the mind. It was not those who read the most that knew the most, but rather those who studied what they read. It was thought that produced all the great improvements in science, In literature, and in art both in the past and in the present, and It would be the same in the future. Mutual Improvement led them to improve their time; and as time was never to be recalled, it was important that a wise and profitable use should be made of it; and this was only to be done by a judi cious course of reading, and then by thinking upon what they had read. Youth was the proper time to improve the mind, while it was susceptible of good impressions, and while time was at their disposal and the mind elastic with hope. Let each member strive to reach that "height where fame's proud temple shines afar;" but this could not be done at once; it must be done gradually- step by step, He believed the young men of the present day were in possession of greater privileges than those who bad preceded them, as they had the accumulated know ledge of the past at their disposal, and the experience of the present to guide them. The faults and errors of past ages were laid bare to their gaze, so that they might be avoided. In conclusion he showed that In endeavouring to improve themselves they were conferring a benefit upon others around them. On the motion of Mr. Chambers, seconded by Mr. Woodward, a vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer, and suitably acknowledged. The chairman then announced that Messrs. H. Currn, J. New- man, and R. Chambers would read essays on the next evening of meeting.-Communicated. FENIAN DEMONSTRATION ON THE WESTERN RAILWAY LINE. - A demonstration of the Fenians took place on St. Patrick's Day at the Zigzag, No. 5 section, G.W.R. extension. Meetings had been held at Toohey's public-house, on several occasions, and resolutions passed that a procession should take place on the 17th, and arrangements were made for that purpose. At eleven o'clock about two hundred men, wearing green scarf, with a harp encircled with shamrock on the front of the scarf, assembled. In their midst a drum and fiddle was giving forth the Fenians' March. At this time all was in readi ness for the intended Fenian demonstration. At this juncture the Roman Catholic priest of the dis trict interfered, and exhorted the assembled Fenians who appeared to belong to his church, not to make the demonstration they intended. He strongly urged upon them the folly they were committing in breaking the law, and forging fresh fetters for them solves, as the legislature would see the necessity of preventing a recurrence of such a demonstration. They would pass the English Treason-Felony Act. The priest was for a long time unable to persuade the Fenians from their purpose, though strongly seconded by Mr. Brown a magistrate, and Mr. Higgins, the contractor. Mr. Lydiard, superintend ent of police, was on the ground with a number of accoutred and very active-looking mounted police. After the Fenians promised that no procession would take place they went about the public-houses picking quarrels with any Englishmen, or Scotchmen, or Protestant Irishmen they met, several of whom were mobbed and brutally ill-used. The Wearing of the Green was bellowed forth most lustily and un ceasingly up to midnight, especially the lines- The green shall be wore, - The ocean shall be tore And the Catholics of Ireland Shall flourlsh once more. The most favourite theme was cursing the English government. One publican-an Englishman-had to shut up his house on several occasions during the day. On another part of the railway works-the Middle River Hill, Mudgee road-a party of police was seen stationed, this place being another centre. A rumour circulated that the camp on No. 6 section, now in the possession of the government, but formerly Mr. Mackenzie's, had been set on fire by the Fenians, and £300, worth of damage done, but this is believed to be wholly untrue.-Correspondent of Empire. A FENIAN IN COURT. - A man named James Cooney was charged with making use of disloyal expressions at Murrumburrah in saying,"I am a Fenian to the backbone." He was ordered to find sureties for his good behaviour for twelve calendar months, or in default to be imprisoned for that period.-Burrangong Argus., SWALLOWING A PEN. - A man named Nicholson accidentally swallowed a magnum bonum pen and penholder the other day, whilst employing the handle to excite the throat to produce vomiting. It is now in the stomach, but under the skilful treat ment of Dr. Hutchinson, who is giving him medi cine to dissolve the pen, he is up to the present time doing very favorably.-Albury Banner. SAD ACCIDENT.-On Wednesday evening last, just after working hours, a very frightful accident hap pened to Mr. William Turner, engineer of the snagging-punt Premier. He loaded his gun to shoot a supposed snake, and as he fired the barrel burst, blowing his left hand to pieces. He was im mediately brought to the hospital, when Dr. Hut- chinson was promptly in attendance, and it was found necessary to amputate the hand at the wrist. He is doing as well as possible. - Albury Banner. FATAL ACCIDENT.-A terrible accident happened the other day to a laborer of Mr. Reid's, publican, Barnawatha. As he was trying to free a thrashing- [part line severed] conveyed to the Albury hospital, where he arrived in a fainting condition from loss of blood. Dr. Hutchinson was, however, fortunately on the spot, and at once applied the tourniquet, amputating the stump above the wrist with great kill, thus saving his life. He is now doing well. Albury Banner. SHEEP STEALING.- At the Queanbeyan police court on Tuesday, the 17th, a man named Brady, charged with stealing a number of sheep from Mr. Osborne, of Currendooly, was brought up for further exami nation. P. Branigan, butcher, in the employ of Mr. Terry, of Nattai deposed to seeing prisoner and another man travelling with sheep at Nattai the sheep were branded TO; the prisoner's mate offered witness's employer a lot of fat sheep for sale; pri soner replied that the other man had no right to sell them; the sheep were offered at 12s. per head at first; later in the evening witness purchased twenty head of those sheep for his employer at 9s. per head; they were the pick of the flock, and not lame; accused delivered them out of the pen ; wit ness saw no lame sheep in the flock. The prisoner was then remanded till Friday, when he was com mitted for trial at the Goulburn assizes.-Quean beyan Age. FATAL ACCIDENT.-On Tuesday last Dr. Morton, the coroner for the district, held an Inquest at Cronan's Creek, beyond Foxlow, touching the death of a boy named Michael Lehif, about eighteen years of age, son of a free- selector residing there. It ap pears from the evidence that he with the two young Cronans went, on Sunday last, in search of some horses, and not finding them in the mob they usually ran with, the Cronans desisted from further search, but young Lehif went on, and in about a quarter of an hour afterwards the Cronans observed Lehif's horse riderless, and on going in search found the rider lying senseless on the ground. The boy was taken to Cronana, where he died on Wednesday. Verdict--accidental death. It seems remarkable that this is the second son who has met his death through an accident with a horse; another son of Lehif's having been killed about twelve months since by a kick from a horse, while returning from Braidwood.-Queanbeyan Age. DEATH OF A CHILD FROM DRINKING BRANDY.- An Inquest was held at the police court, Albury, on Wednesday last, before Captain Brownrigg, district coroner, and a jury of twelve to determine the cause of death of a little girl, the daughter of Mr. Henry Vaughan, living on the Sydney road. From the evidence It appeared that Mr. Vaughan procured some brandy the evening before for his wife a tooth ache, some of which, in a pure state, was left in a pannikin on the sitting-room table, whereon was also left another pannikin containing some diluted with water. When the little girl woke up in the morning she complained of being thirsty, and the mother told her to jump up and get herself a drink of water, The child did so, and fancying that the pannikins on the table contained water, raised one to her Iips and drank a portion of the contents, which happened to be the pure spirit. When the mother, discovered that the child had partaken of the brandy, she promptly administered salt and water as an emetic, and later in the day a dose of castor-oil. Finding her getting worse the father came into town to find a doctor, but could not come across one until four pm. Dr. Keatinge accompanied him to his resi dence but the child was then dead. The jury brought in a verdict of accidental death, and not the slightest blame can be said to attach to the parents. In this case a citizen of Albury was subpoenaed to sit on the jury, but failing to attend to his summons, he was fined £5.-Albury Banner. REGISTRATION. - In conformity with the provisions of the Acts of Council, 10 Victoria Nos. 30 and 34, the undermentioned officiating minister has been registered at the registrar- general's office, Sydney for the celebration of marriages: - Roman Catholic Church, the Rev. Patrick Dunne, Goulburn, BUSH-FIRES NEAR GUNDAGAI. - Bush- fires have been very prevalent in our locality. On the Marked- tree Line a great deal of the Gocup run has been burned up, and on the road between here and Money Money the fire has been so great that a culvert on the road has been destroyed, which has caused the mail to make a detour and arrive later than usual.-Gundagai Times. ANTI-SHOUTING ASSOCIATION. - According to the Lyttleton Times, an anti-shouting society has been formed in Oamaru, the object of which is to discon tinue the practice of shouting at the bars of hotels. The association is regularly constituted, and we notice the names of several influential persons on the list of members. Each member is bound by a legal bond, the penalty of £10 not to shout for any person nor accept any drink that is not paid for by himself. The contract is to continue for twelve months. PRINCE ALFRED AT JONDABYAN?- A rather hu mourous incident occurred after the regular toasts had been duly honored. Mr. Arthur Hodgson, as one of the earliest squatters on the Downs, holding in his hands a tolerably-sized bush-damper, desired to present the same to the royal visitor as a symbol of the past. H.H. signified his acceptance of the same, adding that as he had already partaken of a good dinner, it might be, "taken as eaten." Queensland Times. GOVERNMENT TENDERS. - The undermentioned tenders have been accepted by the government:- Mr. John Connell, contract 10-68, Great Southern Road, and Mr. John Gardiner, erection of kitchen, telegraph-station, Yass. PIGEON-SHOOTING IN BRAIDWOOD. - We have pleasure in giving a brief account of the pleasant little reunion provided on Thursday by Mr. Edmund Duxbury, of the Commercial Hotel, in the shape of some handicap pigeon- matches. That gentleman spared neither trouble nor expense in procuring a number of good strong birds, and he obtained about two hundred of the right sort, and could have been furnished with more had they been required. The convincing ground was just outside the town, a little to the right of the Goulburn road, in a paddock known as the Jew's paddock, and shortly after the appointed hour, two o clock, a goodly num ber of the knights of the trigger, fully accoutred, might be seen wending their way to the spot where they were to wield their Joe Mantons and Westley Richards. The shooting was very fair, and all those who participated in the sport seemed so highly delighted with the afternoon's amusement that we feel certain that the meeting of Thursday will be the forerunner of many more agreeable ones of a similar nature. The usual number of pot-hunters were present, and we have no doubt that more than one of them succeeded in bagging enough of crippled birds to enable them to indulge in the luxury of a pigeon-pie. The distance at which the different competitors were handicapped was as follows: - Mr. Hugh Gordon, at twenty-two yards; Messrs. R. Hensley, J. Sturgess, J. Palethorpe, and Brooks, at twenty- one yards; whilst Messrs. Clemenger, Benni- son; and Vyner were put at nineteen. First sweep stakes.-Five birds each. Clemenger.. .0 1 0 1 1 - 3 Gordon. . .. 1 1 0 0 1-3 Sturgess ... 0 1 1 0 0-2 Hensley ........... 0 1 1 1 0- 3 Messrs. Clemenger, Gordon, and Hensley being equal, had to shoot off again, which they did at one bird each with the following result; Clemenger, 0; Gordon, 0; Hensley, 1. Second sweepstakes. Five birds each. Sturgess ......0 1 1 0 1-3 Hensley .... 1 0 0 0 dr-1 Gordon................... 1 1 0 1 0-3 Clemenger ....... 1 0 1 0 0-2 Brooks........... 0 1 1 1 0- 3 W. Bennison..... 1 0 1 1-3 Messrs. Sturgess, Gordon, Brooks, and Bennison then shot off the tie, and Mr. Sturgess being the only one who killed his bird was the victor, Third sweepstakes.-Three birds each. Palethorpe......... 0 1 0-1 Vyner....1 0 1 - 2 Clemenger...1 0 0 - 1 Sturgess....1 0 1 - 2 Gordon........ 1 1 1-3 Hensley....0 1 dr - 1 Bennison...1 0 dr. - 1 Fourth sweepstakes.-Three birds each. Hensley ..... 0 0 dr - 0 Sturgess ....... 1 0 1-2 Clemenger .....0 0 dr - 0 Gordon ............... 1 1 1- 3 Braidwood Dispatch. 