SANDHURST POLICE COURT. Wednesday, 1st April. (Before Mr Al'Lachlan. P.M} I Assault.—Curl Kohler was charged with assautt j ing A'Sing with a pick, at Golden-square on the 25th i of March Mr Casey for defendant* Air llymor for complainant. A'Sing deposed ho was a miner residing at Golden-squaro; Defendant had come to his claim at nine o'clock on the morning of the 25th of March, and put pegs around his claim Com plainant pulled up those pegs, and then defendant &ss.in;\tod him with a pick (a small hammer headed °»e, which was shown in Court), and struck him four blows—.0no on the side, one on tho face, another on the neck, and the last ou the foot. Ho was knoelcod down by tho blows. Tho blow ou tho face had knocked him down, Had gone to a doctor, but did not know his uamo. Somo Europeans and Chinese w,*ro present. To Mr Casey: Ho did not drop down b«foro ho was hit. Mr Casey asked the coin Ptaiiiant why ho had not sought his remedy at the Warden'* Court, Tho complainant no saveed" this. Tho pick bolonged to defendant. To the ice Magistrate : He did not return tho blows. Ho Wa* Htruck when on tho ground. On being requested *o show tho mark of tho cut on hij face ho lilted up upper lip in a laughable manner to show it. Dr Gotham deponed complainant hail coino to him on the 25th ult. Ho had several marks on him. They }vero not dangerous, but unpleasant. To Mr Casey : Iho blow on the face was caused by the blow of a (lit. Mr Casey : Was it light ? Witness: My treatment—(Laughter) Air Casey : No, no, blow Witness said it was a tole'ahly heavy blow. Jam°s Jonea uaid he wan at the Yorkshire Hotel jvt tho timo in quoytiijo, IJolondant wad m'iiit? ' ouwplntnaiu'a drlfo. Tho uompbil aut Wvod (iofamlunt \yh^rou[M3i> dufondatii fttruolf t him with a pick whioh ho was using to drivo down 1 the pegs. To Mr Casey; Defendant hit.complainnnt " strong enough to knook him down A scufflj f ensued in whioh it appeared to him the Chinaman > was the better man, lmd the defendant been without tiio pick. This occurred after the blow was struck t by defendant. To Mr M'Lachian : The complainant I had thrown the pick away when he wrenched it from . defendant. He (complainant) was merely struggling ' in his own defence Constable Mulheron deposed to i having gone to Golden-square, and seen the com plainant having marks and blood upon him. Mr ' Casey contended that if complainant had felt • aggrieved he should have gono to seek redress at the i Wardon's Court, not taken the law into his owu hauds ; as I10 had done go, ho had no right to come here. Mr Uymer said the law was that a minor should first apply to the Warden to bo put in possession be fore taking such measures. The defendaut was fined forty shillings, and one guinea costs. A Careless Servant.—Mr Harwood charged James Inglis with misconducting himself as his hired servant, and deserting his service. The defendant' pleaded guilty. Mr M'Lachian said this was one of the grossest case3 that had'eorao under his notice, Iilglis leaving a dray1 with L200 worth of goods in the bush, near a dangerous place, utterly unprotected, with the horses harnessed to it, and absconding with his swag. He would liko to give him the full penalty, but as Mr Harwood wished to bn lenient on account of the man's family, he sentenoed him to fourteen days' imprison ment, with hard labor. Keeping an Unregistered Doo — Abraham Wolf was brought up on remand, charged with having an unregistered dog, As defendant swore the dog was not his, the case was dismissed. Cattle Stealing.—John Jones was brought up on remand, charged with cattle stealing. For the prosecution, Mr Motteram ; for the defence, Mr Martley. Mr Motteram wished to call Partridge as evidence for the Crown, when Mr Casey, who appeared for Partridge, objected, saying his client must first be discharged. Some legal cross-firm" took place, the'resulfof which was that Mr Motteram resolved to go on with the case for the present. William Ashley, called,'deposed : I am a black smith residing in V\ attle- street; I know the prisoner; I saw him at myifather's shop at Ironbark, which is about 100 yards : from prisoner's residence, on the afternoon of the 17th of March. I saw a wild cow [ there, surrounded by children. A man was coming from his work at Ironbark, up the road, and tho cow was passing and snorting as if it would rush at him. There were about fifty children around the cow ; it was about four or five in the afternoon. I remained at the door of my father's shop, waiting to see what the cow would do. The cow rushed to wards him to within ten yards distance. It then stopped. It rushed across the road. I mean by rushing, that it was galloping about as hard as it could. Mr Jones was there exposed to the beast. When it was going past him he shot it. I ran out side as soon as it was shot. It ran sixty or seventy paces after being shot. I saw it fall. I do not know what became of it. I did not remain long near the carcase. I had something in my hand, I saw the carcase at seven o'clock when going home. It was a white beast, or a sort of white beast. I am sure it was Jones who shot it. I had sent for a gun to shoot it myself, but it came too late. Cross-examined by Mr Martley t I believe the cow would have injured some one if it was not killed. I would have shot it myself. I sent my brother for a gun; but he saw Jones coming and said, "Here is Mr Jones ; he'll shoot it " The school children were coming out at the time. Detective Alexander, duly sworn, deposed : I am a detective officer stationed at Sandhurst. On the 18th March I went to prisoner's house accompanied by: Mr Campbell and Detective O'Leary, about twelve o'clock, I had a warrant to arrest prisoner on a charge of cattle stealing. I saw prisoner in his verandah. I asked him his name. He refused to give it. I told him who I was, and told him I arrested him on a warrant. He then said his namo was John Jones, I asked him where was the carcase of tho cow he had shot the day previous. He said he did not know where it was- His wife then spoke, and said, " Here is a portion of it," bringing out a large dishful of freshly killed meat, The conversation took place at the door. I searched for the remainder of the carcase, but could then find no more, I had observed, close to the door, a cask which had been used for preserving meat, but there was nothing in it. I then asked where the hide was, when prisoner replied it was ou its way to Back Creek or Grassy Flat, as he had sold it to a man for 10s. I prosecuted my search, but did not fiud the hide then. In the course of prisoner's conversation with Mr Campbell, I heard him say this was the third Cow ho had shot. I told him to get on his coat and come with me ; and when we got outside, I asked him again to whom he had sold the hide, when be hesitated, but at last said to a man named Partridge. I asked him where Partridge lived, and he said at Grassy Flat. After walking a few yards he pointed to the house where Partridge lived. It was in Iron bark, about fifty yards from prisoner's house ; and I left prisoner in charge of Detective O'Leary, while I proceeded to Partridge's house, and in his yard, in a wheelbarrow, I found the hide now produced in Court. I also took the meat away with me from prisoner's house. Cross-examined by Mr Martley : I did not caution prisoner ; to do that was discretionary. All I found in the house was the dishful of meat—about ten or twelve pounds in weight. Partridge's yard was fenced triangularly, one sido being open and the other two enclosed. . Mr Motteram now wished to call Partridge up to discharge him, that he might be put in the witness box. Mr Martley objected to this,as Mr Casey, who was retained for Partridge, was at the County Court. Mr Motteram then said he had made out his case. Mr Martley, for the defence, said that he must ask for a discharge, because there was nothing to support the information. From Ashley's evidence it appeared that he was going to shoot the cow himself; in fact, had sent for a gun for that purpose. He contended, as the information stood, it must be dismissed. There was a way of dealing with cases like this, by bringing forward a charge of killiug with intent to steal but the intent must be proved Here the inteut was evident enough—it was to save the public. Jones had done Messrs Booth and Argylo a good turn ; if the cow had done any harm, they would have had to suffer for it. The information was not worthy of consideration by the Bench. There was not a scin tilia of proof to sustain it. A civil case might be founded on the charge, but not a criminal oue. The taking possession of part of the carcase was not a felonious act, when the intent was proved not to have been felonious. Mr Motteram, in reply, stated there was evidence to justify the prisoner's committal, and it would then be for the Crown Prosecutor or the Minister of Justice to decide upon what charge the prisoner would be arraigned. The prisoner reserved his defence. Mr McLachian said it had been proved that the cow was a quiet one. and no evidence had been brought forward that it had attacked any one. As for Mr Murtley's statements, ho would find men had been indicted for stealing things they picked up in the open street. He had no course but to commit the prisoner for trial, and it would be for higher powers to decide what charge he would bo ar raigned on. Bail was allowed, prisoner in L200,and two sureties in 1,100 each. William Partridge was then brought up on remand charged with receiving stolen property, and ou tho application of Detective Alexander, discharged. The New Liberal Organisation. — We (Herald) understand that several large sums, including one donation of LI,000, hnve been sub scribed to the recently- projected Loyal Liberal Association. Lost in tiib Gush.—"Wo have .just been furinshcd," reports the Gipps Land Times," with a narrative of the sufferings experienced by two ladies who were lost in the bush, on Thursday night, between Bairnsdale and Stratford. They were driving a light conveyance, and left Mrs. Latham's, at Sandy Creek, about six o'clock, in tending, if possible, to reach Stratford in reason able time. The night was, however, dark and stormy, and as a number of bush-fires had been lighted for the purpose of burning timber off the land, the horse wandered from the beaten track and the fair travellers got benighted. Finding that all attempts to regain the road were fruitless, they fastened the horse up to a tree, camped for the night, and wished for the morning. 01 course they had no idea of sleeping, but the misery they encountered was more of a mental than of a physical nature, as there was nothing save the kangaroo and opossum to disturb their rather un pleasant retirement. When the day broke, they succcedod in finding the track, and in an hour's smart travelling, reached Mr. Dickens's Shake speare Hotel, where the worthy host administered those comforts which were necessary to their re covery after a night's exposure to the equinoctial storm. Under the kind treatment of Mr. Dickens they scion regained tfi< ir ivonted ehenr/ulnoss, hut have resolved nevur again to veururo nil a jmil'noy tlirmiuh tlto bush nftor ulglitl'nll," 