SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 18GS. The election for the South Province affords an edifying illustration of the perverse and blundering tactics of the Constitutional party. It has lost a seat in the Upper House by suffering two candidates to present themselves to the constituency in the same interest ; and, by dividing its strength, has given an easy victory to its opponents. It has sacrificed the cause, which ought to be paramount, to the personal ambition of one man and the intrigues of two others, which ought to have been sub- ordinated to the cause. Mr. HALFEY'S candidature was an impertinence from the first. It is proved to have been so by his position on the poll. He obtained barely half the number of votes recorded in favour of Mr. LEVI, who would have been returned by a considerable majority, but for this un- justifiable and mischievous splitting of the Constitutional vote. We acquit Mr. HALFEY and Mr. HALTEV'S more imme- diate backers of any deliberate intention to promote the election of Mr. W. A'BECKETT, but the latter is obviously indebted for his seat to the quasi-Con- stitutional candidate's persistency in putting forth his baseless pretensions to the confidence of the party in the South Province, where he probably secured the Catholic vote, and nothing more. It is one of the misfortunes of the Con- stitutional party, that while its principles are truly liberal, progressive, andpatriotic, its tactics are too often both feeble and foolish. It relies too much upon the righteousness of its cause, and too little upon the combinations, the skill, and strategy of political warfare. It is opposed to a party which is thoroughly unscrupulous, experienced in the arts of corruption, mendacious, well disciplined, und skilled in tickliug the popular ear, and in throwing dust into the popular eyes. The Loyal Liberals, as they style themselves, have imported the American system of carrying on the strife of par- ties. They have their wire-pullers and their secret associations for the promo- tion of political objects, managed by a few energetic manipulators. These are rewarded by being selected as the chan- nels through which the minor patron- age of the Government is distributed ; and .their friendship is cultivated with an almost obsequious solicitude by Mi- nisters themselves. It is by political agents who are thus propitiated that " popular demonstrations " are got up to order at the shortest notice, and on terms commensurate with the magnitude of the meeting and the importance of the occasion. A sufficient number of persons can always be got together at a gratuitous entertainment, where "hy " falutin " oratory and clap-trap reso- lutions form the chief ingredients of the pastime ; and the nature of 'the attend- ance depends a good deal upon the sum expended in printing broadsides and in feeing fuglemen. , Again, the tactics of the Loyal Liberals vary with the locality and with tho creed and nationality of the local majority. Among the Orangemen of Ballarat and East Melbourno they are intensely anti-Catholic, and sedulously fan the flames of bigotry and intolerance. In South Bourke, where tho German settlers constitute"^ important item on the electoral roll, the Loyal Liberals set no bounds to their affection for the memory of MAKTIN LUTHER, their at- tachment to the house of Saxe-Coburg, and their enthusiastic admiration of the Duke of EDINBURGH and the other sons of Prince ALBERT. It must also be acknowledged that the party which has identified itself with privilege and protection, and is reviving in Victoria the selfish and retro- gressive principles of English toryism the party which exhibits its hostility to democracy by opposing the representa- tion of the whole people, according to the system approved of by the most advanced libera s in tho mother country- the'party which has enacted a com-law, and gone to the dark ages for its fiscal system-the party which ob- structs a reform of the Upper House, and has systematically fomented class dissensions, national prejudices, and sec- tarian bigotry-this party is very amen- able to discipline. It secures obedience by eliminating from its ranks men of ability and independence. Recognising the truth of the proverb that in the kingdom of the blind the one eyed man is a sovereign, it seeks its allies and instruments among the intellectually sightless and the mo- rally mope-eyed. In order to give a factitious elevation to themselves, the leaders of it adopt a process of levelling down. This secures their own import- ance, while it gratifies the lower ranks of their supporters. Such is the party and such are the tactics which the Constitutionalists are called upon to oppose ; and, for their opposition to be successful, it is essen- tial that it should be governed by unity and rendered effectual by discipline. That principles which are inherently just and true, which* have received the sanction of experience, and are conse- crated by genuine patriotism, must ulti- mately triumph, we regard as indis- putable ; and that a system of govern- ment based upon class legislation, cor- ruption, and intolerance must eventually prove self-destructive, is equally cer- tain ; but in order to overthrow the one and secure the triumph of the other, the Constitutional party iimst not imagine that it can dispense with the ordinary weapons or despise the ordinary laws of political warfare. It must move and act like a compact battalion, obedient to one will and animated by one spirit, if it aims at victory. It can- not expect to achieve this by breaking up into half-a-dozen skirmishing parties, each acting independently of the other, under its own lieutenant, and without any concerted plan of action. It is strong in numbers, in intellect, in in- tegrity of purpose, in wealth, and in the sympathies of the friends of liberal pro- gress in the mother country and in the neighbouring colonies ; but it is weak in organisation and in its electioneering tactics ; and this weakness ought to be conected without delay. The statistics relating to interchange, which have been just published, furnish us with some authentic data upon which to found a comparison of the industrial activity and general prosperity of the colony, under the systems of free trade and of protection respectively. For this purpose we will take the year 18G7, as the latest of which we have any official record, and 1863, as being almost the last of the frec-tiade régime. Turning in the first place to the imports and exports, we find that the former fell off in the four years to the extent of £3,434,169 sterling, or about twenty five per cent. ; and that the latter fell off, in the same period, ¿£1,264,782, or nearly ten per cent. But these dis- parities will become still more startling when presented under another form. Dividing the gross amounts in each year by the number of the population in Victoria, we get at the following result : Imports per Head. Exports per Head. 18C3 ..j £28 10 2J £23 11 8 1867 ..., 17 17 0 | 19 5 7 Decrease ...I £10 13 2j I £0 0 1 Under a free-trade tariff, a large export trade had sprung up in Victorian manu- factures, nearly eighty distinct articles figuring in the Custom-house returns for 1863 ; and if protection is of any worth, it ought to have stimulated the growth of this trade. But has it done so? Let the following figures make reply. The first column shows the total value of every article of Victorian produce which leaves the colony ; the second that of the gold, wool, tallow, hides, skins, and live stock; the dif- ference shown in the third may be taken as representing the value of articles either wholly or partially manu- factured : Gross Exports. Materials, tures £. 1P03 ... 9,597,400 1S67 J 9.970,715 Haw 9,052,125 9,508,109 Mamifac £ 515,275 408,540 But, it may be argued, although our import and export trade has fallen off, and although we last year gave .£12,724,427 worth of colonial commo- dities, and only received in exchange £11,674,0S0 worth of British- and foreign merchandise, so that wo were upwards of one million sterling out of pocket by the transaction, wo are never- theless in a thriving condition, because we aro producing at home many things which we formerly purchased from abroad. If this were so, it would be still necessary to inquire whether such a transfer "of labour was either pru- dent or profitable. But, waiviiÄtbis consideration, let us submit this " thriving condition " to the test of figures. The most satisfactory proof of the prosperity of a people is admitted to be its greater or lesser command and consumption of the ' necessaries of life j and i among these may bo classed sugar and i tobacco) Now, if a protectionist tariff has had the beneficial effects insisted upon by the advocates^pf such a rotrogradc policy, wo should not fail to trace them in the increased consumption of these among other articles. But here, again, the hard, unaccom- modating, and terribly truth-telling figures of the registrar-general become involuntary witnesses against protec- tion. The consumption of sugar has fallen off from 25|lb. to 18glb,, and that of tobacco (in spite of a reduc- tion of 50 per cent, in the price) from 2-21b. to l'91b. per head per annum.-J And what has the miner gained by the * repeal of the export duty on gold, and by the adoption of a protectionist tariff? Customs duties and correlative charges have certainly not lessoned the prime cost of his food, his wearing apparel, his "nobbler," or his mining implements; and one very significant fact is brought to light by these sta- tistics for 1867. In 18G3, the lowest price of gold was £3 8s, per ounce ; but in 18G7, it had fallen to £3. It would be an interesting subject of inquiry to such of our mining readers as keep any record of their personal expenditure, to ' compare the exchangeable valuo of an ounce of gold in the former and the latter years respectively. The difference multiplied by the number of ounces they earn or obtain annually would give the sum of each individual's con- tribution to the state and to the pro- tected classes for the "blessings" of a fiscal system which has destroyed more than four millions and a half of our external commerce, and is gradually drying up some of the sources of our revenue. Among the minor indications of the diminioMng prosperity of the people is that presented by the decreased impor- tation of printed books and stationery. In 1863, tho value of the imports of these two articles (after deduction made for exports to the neighbouring colonies) was £264,766, being at the rate of 9s. 2d. per head of the population. In 1867 the value of the books, paper, and sta- tionery imported into Victoria (deduct- ing exports) was £214,256, or 6s. 9d. per head. Were we to take the item of printed books separately, the faE ing-off would be in a still greater ratio. From a careful examination of the statistics under notice, and a comparison of them with those of previous years, before a legislative sanction had been given to the mischievous doctrines of the protectionists, it is manifest that the condition of the great mass of the people is much less prosperous than it was four or five years ago. Many of the once ardent supporters of protection are beginning to acknowledge it in private, and as soon as they have acquired the courage to confess that they were for- merly in error, we may anticipate a de- cided and beneficial reaction in favour of free trade and common sense. We would «gain remind burgesses of the city of Melbourne that Monday next is the last day for sending in claims to be placed on the citizens' roll for 1808-9. Immediate at- tention should, therefore, be given to this important duty. rIhe nomination of candidates for the re piesentation of the Central Province in the Legislative Council in the room of Mr. T. T. A'Beckett takes place on Monday. Tho only candidate at present in the field is Mr. A'Beckett, who stands for re-election. The final returns of the polling for the Southern Province are-A'Beckett, 471 ; Levi, 341) ; Halfey, 172 ; majority for A'Beckett 122. The returns of the Southern Province elec- tion in 18G3 sufficiently show how little inte- rest has hoon taken in the recent contest. On that occasion the lion. J. P. Bear polled 912 against Mr. O'Brien's 281, thus securing the largest majority yet obtained by any mem- ber of the Uppet House. Mr. Michie'spromised lecture upon "The Westminster Keviewer's veision of Victorian History" was duly delivered last evening at St. George's-liall, for the benefit of the Mel- bourne Home. The room was well filled by an audience ««ho íeceived the lecturer with many mail« of favour. It was evident from tho commencement that the preponderance of feeling in those present was of a Loyal Liberal turn, and all the oxpics sions which betrayed the lecturer's political bias were íeceived with loud applauso. So unaccustomed, however, were many of those present to deliverances of this sort that when Mr. Michie's íemaTks evidenced that ho «vas diawing near a conclusion there were cries of "Go on," as though that sort of thing could be spoken hy the hour. The opinions pro- nounced were not, however, always of so pleasing a character, and when the speaker denounced in manly teims the sacrifice of piinciple, and the entering into degrading associations in order to prolong the life of a Government, the applause came from a difierenl section of the audience. Oratorically considered, tho lcctuic was a great success, and those who heard it maintained breath- less silenco duiing its delivery, which lasted nearly two hours. The mayor of Melbourne presided as chairman. We are informed that Mr. Michie's lecture " On the Westminster Boviower's Version of Victorian History" has been printed in pamphlet foim by Mr. Mullen, bookseller, Collins-stieet east. It will be published this morning. Yesterday two deputations had an inter- view with the Minister of Public Works,, relative to the establishment of a glue factory on the banks of the Yarra. The first was from íesidents of Hawthorn residing opposite the factoiy, and was introduced hy Mr. Walsh, M.L.A. ; and the second, introduced by Mr. Crews, ALL.A., consisted of Mr. Michael Egan, Mr. Thompson, and Mr. Macaulay, tho proprietoi of the glue factory. Mr. Walsh presented a petition signed entirely by íesidents on the east bank of the Yarra, opposite the proposed factory, who complained that the establishment of such a work opposite their residences would necessaiily createa most offensive stench, which would destroy the comfort of the petitioners and their families, and render tho neighbourhood unhealthy. He added that the deputation had no wish to interfere with the establishment of any industry, but they did not think that manufactories should ho located in places ««here they would injure the health and pro- perty of a number of individuals. They de- sired, therefore, that the bon. gentleman would instruct the Central Board of Health to send an officer to report on this work, and the __ effect it would have on health. After some 'y remarks fiom Dr. Bragge and Mr. Atkyns ia suppoit of the statements of Mr. Walsh, Mr. Thompson presented a counter petition from a number of the inhabitants of Lower Haw- thorn in favour of the establishment of the glue factory. He also stated that there was not the slightest offensive smell when the manufacture was going on, but that the sedi- ment, if allowed to remain after tho glue was drawn off, was liable to. create a nasty stench. Mr. Macaulay, however, had taken precau^ tions to avoid this, by sending the refuse off to Brighton immediately after the glue was drawn off. Mr. Maoaulay also denied that the manufacture created any offensive nuisance, and if it did ho was at all times liable to be brought up runder -the Health Act. Mr. Egan said tho .opposition to this manufactory carno from tho people who had always been opposed to tho ?establishment of native industry, and Mr. Walsh replied that that observation was totally uncalled for. Mr. Jones did not think that people living on one side of a river .should make a stench morely to annoy people living on the othor side ; but at 'the same time industries must bo carried ,on, and a superlatively fine nose might -make a man vory unhappy in a par rtiflular locality. As long as an industry was hit detrimental to the health of a neiglibour &) jd, there was no reason why it should not 1)0 carried on. But at the samo time, if pro ¡perty was being destroyed and health in- jured- on the one bank for the sake of giving ?employment to a few people on tho other, in the interests of the community that offensive .industry should ho put down. He would -cause an inspection of the works to be made, and also visit them himself without warning, so that if there was a bad Btench attendant .on the work he would be ablo to feel it in its full force. Yesterday a deputation, consisting of Messrs. .CumpbellandMacallam, from Inverleigh, near »Geelong, waited on the Minister of Lands to ask that a piece of land 3,200 acres in extent should be exempt from selection, and should be pioclaimed as ti grazing and firewood .common. The hon, gentleman acceded to the -application. The letter of Mr. John Stuart Mill referred to a day or two pgo in our Sydney telegram .was in reply to one from Mr. G, K. Holdon, ¡in which the writer requested his '. maturer .present opinion " on the passage in his Poli. ?Heal Economy recognising an exceptional case in which a protective policy would be allowable in a young community. In his ?letter Mr. Mill writes :-" Your impression is -quite correct that I waa appealed to from Victoria, -in consequence of the use made jby protectionists of the passage in my Folilical Economy which speaks of the -occasional benefit in a young country of aid- ing the naturalisation of an industry suited to ito oiroumattmeca. I did, at that time, .return an answer, which was published in a Victorian newspaper, to the effect that if ttlús encouragement took the form of a pro- tecting duty it should be strictly limited to a «modérate number of years, and not continued .beyond. I have not altered the opinion that such encouragement is somotimes use lui, and that, in many cases, the most just mode in which it could be given is that of. a temporary protecting duty, on ?condition that it should bo known and de . clared to be-merely temporary, and of no very long dtuation. But I confess that I almost .despair of this general understanding being ever practically established. I find that in Australia protection is not advo- cated in this form or for this pur- pose, but that the vulgarest and most exploded fallacies are revived in its sup- port. As far as I can perceive, those who contend for. protection in Australia mean it to be as permanent as any other legislative arrangement, and hold to all the false theories on the subject of which Europe -is rapidly ridding itself, and which are declining even in America. In such a state of opinion as this I should resist with my utmost strength any protection whatever, because it is far easier to with- stand these false and pernicious doctrines be- fore they have been earned into practice to any serious extent than after powerful pro- tected interests have been allowed to grow up under their influence. I well remember your exertions for the adoption of Mr. Hare's sys- tem in the election of the Legislative Council, and the very valuable report in which yoti discussed . the subject. The debates in the British Parliament which have since occurred may well have struck you by the amount of ignorance they disclosed ; but great and daily progress is making in the correction of that ignorance, and many political men, in- cluding some of the most active and intel- ligent leaders of the working classes, are now .converted to Mr. Ilare's system, in principle at least, and frequently even in its details. The doctrine of personal representation is . making the same rapid progress among think- ing minds on the Continent and in America. But as you are probably in correspondence with Mr. .Hare, you have access to the best souice of information on this subject." A public dinner to Mr. 1J. Lalor, M.L.A., was given at Leahy's Hotel, Queenscliff, on Thursday evening. Over fifty 'gentlemen from Geelong, Meredith, and other portions of the county, were present to do honour to their íepresentative. The dinner was got up on a scale worthy of the occa- sion. Mr. Lalor's reception was most en- thusiastic. The chair was occupied by Mr. .Kennedy, mayor of Queenscliff ; the vice . chair was occupied by Councillor Pagan. Subsequent to the repast, the chairman in- timated that he had received apologies from the lion. T. H. Fellows, M.L.A., Hon. J. O'shanassy, M.L.C., Hon. E. Langton, M.L.A., Hon. Gavan .Duffy, M.L.A., Hon. J. J. Casey, M.L.A., and Mr. J. Stutt, M.L.A., each of whom was absent on account of parliamentary business. Apo- logies were also íeceived from several gentlemen in the neighbourhood who were unable to be present. Tho usual loyal toasts weie then given. The chairman, in proposing the toast of the evening, paid a high compliment to Mr. Lalor, stating that they had met to do honour to him, and lo let bim know how fully they appreciated his valuable public services as a member of Parliament, and moro especially in respect to his kindness and attention to their wants at Queenscliff. He had been always ready to introduce deputations, and in overy way to assist their views. His high character could not but be appreciated by all classes of society. For the medium path ho had taken in politics during the long time he filled the position of chairman of committees lie deserved their highest respect. Mr. Lalor remarked that he saw around the table men of various political opinions, both .Loyal Liberals and Constitutional- ists, all of whom he cordially thanked for the honour they had dono bim. He refrained from expressing his opinions on the political questions o£ tho day, and spoke strongly against any party who sought by the liolding of extreme opinions to tyrannise over others holding more moderate views. 3Ie held as strong political views as any one, which he would advocate when lequired, but not to the injury of his fellow men. He stated that he was a protectionist to a certain extent, and would like to seo attractions offered to induce thou- sands to come to our shores. After a few further remarks he resumed his seat amid loud applause. The Parliament of Victoria was proposed by the vice-chairman and re- sponded to by Mr. Lalor. Councillor Simpson proposed the Town and Corporation of Gee- long, to which Councillor Noonan responded. The president and council of Bellerine was proposed by Mr. Craig, and responded to by Councillor Collins. The clergy of the vari- ous denominations, proposed by the Chair In.!paVwa3 responded to by tho Rev. Mr. "Willison. The visitors, the mayor and corporation of Queenscliff, the press, ladies, and other toasts followed, after which the meeting broke_ up. A ball was subsequently held, which was largely patronised. A circular has been addressed by tho Board of Education to tho correspondents of com- mon schools, in reference to one of the new regulations. The board admits that "there is little doubt that the effect of this rule ^ill be to deprive somo classified assistant teachers temporarily of employment, whoso «laims to re-employment the board consider should have the preference over any othor applicants. The board aro of opinion that the lime has now arrived when it is essential «« insist on the employment o£ classified teachers, so far as they can bo obtained. The board, therefore, will not in future sanction the appointment of unclassified persons, either as head- teachers or assistants, HO long as classified teachers aro available. A list of these will bo kept in this office." Corres- pondents aro requested to direct teachers whose employment will cease from 1st Octo- ber, by the operation of the new rule, to send in his or her name for registration in the Education-office. It is notified that sections 4 to 10 of the Police Offences Statute are extended to tho shire of Korong. The re-appointment of Sir James Palmer as a member of the Board of ICducation is noti- fied in last night's Gazelle. Mr. Edward Chaplin writes to us in refer- ence to tho statement in The Argus of Thura, day, that " the only really successful water supply schemes that we possess aro the Yan Yean and the Ballarat works," reminding us that the Bendigo AVaterworks Company is paying C per cent, on the borrowed, and 5 per cent, on tho subscribed capital. This re- venue is derived from merely voluntary cus- tomers, the company not having the power to levy a compulsory rate. AVo have received a communication from several "Victims," drawing attention to a case of insolvency, the particulars of which they state as follows :-A Stationmaster on tho Melbourno and Geelong It oil way, who entered upon his office some eighteen or twenty months ago, managed during the time when payments wcro suspended to run up bills with his tradespeople extending over some months. Public payments having been resumed, his creditors look to him for payment, but are intensely gratified to receive from him the assurance, con- veyed in tho blandest manner, that the department has accorded to him the per- mission to go through the Insolvent Court. Ho is at present under suspension, but is said to be confident of speedy reinstatement. Our correspondents ask if tho head of the depart- ment is fully aware of the circumstances of tho matter, and think that if he is, such action amounts to offering a premium to dishonesty. They say that the tradespeople suffered far mere during tho deadlock than the civil servants, and it would be hard if they should, after waiting long and patiently for payment, lose it by the Government furnishing facilities to civil servants for evading the just claims against them by passing through the In- solvent Court. A day or two ago we published remarks on the practice of public bodies of advertising for peisons desirous of filling situations when in fact the appointments had already beon decided upon A correspondent now writes to say that the practice is not confined to public bodies, bnt that the same remark equally applies to many merchants in town, who advertise for applications when the places to he applied for are actually filled up. The sporting world, since tho return of the Melbourne bookmakers from Sydney, has been more lively, and a new display of odds has been made regarding our next Melbourno Cup. The Barb, Glen- coe, North Australian, and Tim Whiffler are all talked about at 10 to 1 on the field against the best of them. The Bag picker, Barwon, Shenandoah, and Fireworks aro also each mentioned as amongst the 20 to 1 division ; hut thero arc plenty o£ out- siders who are occasionally backed at (of course) outside price3-say from 1,000 to 40 to 1,000 to 20. While public attention is frequently called to the efficiency of the means at the command of our railway companies for the rapid dis. charge of vessels visiting our port, private en- terprise is apt to be overlooked. We think it worth whDe therefore to draw attention to the short space of time occupied in discharging the American ship Belle Creole, consigned to Messrs. R. Towns and Co. This ship turned out 2,035 tons cargo,. In fine order, in the short space of fifty-six hours. The steve, dores were Robbins Brotheis, and the bulk of the cargo was taken away by Mr. R. W. Carrick, in addition to other cargoes being discharged at the same time. Captain Knowles expressed himself highly pleased with the effi cientway in which the work was performed no slight compliment, when we take into con- sideration the rapidity with which vessels aro usually discharged in American ports. Mr. Hines, of Collins-street, has just re. ceived several more of Mr. Gully's admirable paintings, and they are strongly characterised by the poetic quality which is so obvious in all the works from this gentleman's hand. Tho laigest of these is a bush scene in the Nelson Province, with part of the Western Range. Tho stream which occupies tho foreground of this pictuie contrasts strikingly, but pleasingly, with the warm sunset glow that is gilding the summits of tho mountains ; but the rich grey of the middle distance so tempers the contrast, that the eye experiences no sen- sation of over-suddenness or abruptness in tho opposition. A semi-Oriental offect is im paited to the scone by the introduction of some fern-trees into the foreground, and this effect is still further aided by the presence of t«vo perpendicular dead trees, which at first sight have the appearance of minarets. The tone of the picture is most agreeably har- monious. A smaller subject represents a waterfall on a tributary of tho Awatere, Malborough, Notv Zealand. Tho impetuous lush of the water from behind the rocks which overhang the sides of the stream is most Graphically expressed. This tumult in tho foieground is in oxcellent contrast with tho sno«v-covered mountains which a hazy atmo- sphere seems to blond with the clouds above them. The colouring of this subject is greatly different from that generallyseeninMr. Gully's pictures, but tho same vigorous and bold handling is no less evident in it, and there is an equally careful attention to characteristic details. The other two pictures received by Mr. Hines are executed in a broad, sketchy style, but they are delightfully crisp in the handling, and aro full of delicious contrasts. It will bo a source of gratification to those who take an intorest in Victorian art to hear that the pictures of Mr. Carse, noticed by us two or three weeks ago, havo all been sold at good prices. For some timo past considerable incon- venience has been experienced at the Botauic gardens from tho want of a sufficient supply of Yan Yean water to the elevated portions of tho grounds. The pressure on the main has always been found comparatively useless when most needed, and consequently many valuable shrubs and plants bocomo injured from the absence of necessary irrigation. This is an oversight which requires imme- diate attention, as no paltry motives of eco- nomy should be allowed to interioro with the proper maintenanco of this beautiful pleasure ground. If ono or two steam-pumps were erected at the old quarries, situated at tho north-west entrance to the gardens, an ample supply of water would be afforded from the Hiver Yarra, while the actual cost incurred by the construction of the works would be materially lightened by . utilising the Yan Yean pipes at present !aid down throughout the gardens. In the Supremo Court yesterday the case of Learmonth v. Morris was heard. It was an appeal from a decision of Mr. Justico Moles- worth in favour of the plaintiffs in a suit for specific performance of a contract for the sale of a raining claim. The Court reserved its decision. The Supreme Court Criminal Sittings were occupied the wholo of yesterday with the | trial of Jas. Dunsmore Miller, for fraudulent insolvency. Only two witnesses for the pro- secution had been examined when the Court rose. The case will be proceeded with to- day. In the Insolvent Court yesterday the busi- ness was confined to certificate meetings, and none of the applications concerned any case in which tho public might take any general interest. In the majority of cases the appli- cation was granted, in others postponed a short period for further affidavits or explana- tions by insolvents. The County Court business yesterday showed no features of public interest. At tho City Police Court, yesterday, Mr. Shillinglaw, Government shipping master, prosecuted a seaman named James Devoy for having deserted from the ship Beatrice, bound for Callao, Devoy, who had been shipped on board the vessel, and had received a month's wages in advance, deserted during the night previous to her leaving port. He was sent to gaol for threo months. A warrant has been issued for the appre- hension of Harold Eayson, of the firm of Rayson Brothers, drapers, Clarendon-street, Emcrald-lriD, on a charge of forgory and uttering. Eayson uttered a cheque of the Bank of New South Wales, signed "Dick- son, "Williams, and Co.," which Mr. Rayson, sen., cashed, and paid into the local branch of the National Bank, when the signature was found to be a forgery. A warrant has been issued for the appre- hension of Thomas Crane, charged with em- bezzling money and drapery goods to tho extent of £1,000 from Mr. Edward Tyson, at Ballarat. Our Sydney telegram reports the arrest of Crane at Sydney with 259 sovereigns in his possession. The offences recorded in this week's Police Gazette are of an uninteresting naturo, being mostly confined to petty thefts from clothes-lines. The following are the gentlemen chosen to represent the Melbourne Football Club in the match Melbourne v. Geelong, to be played to-day at Geelong :-L. Bell, Bennie, Bruford, Byrne, C. Forrester, Freeman, Thos. Hope, Hepburn, Hinton, Green, J. Moodie, S. Moodie, M'Lennan, Ililsden, Adamson, Barrass, and Robinson, The Melbourne team loavo the Spencer-street station l»y lue huir past eleven train. The new Land Bill was read a third time, and passed by the Tasmanian Legislative Council,on the 12th inst. The annual general meeting of the mem- bers of tho Corio Cricket Club was held yes- terday ; Mr, S. S. Bennie, vice-president, in the chair. The report was read, show- ing that four first-class matches had been played during the past season, two of which were won by the club ; and four second-class matches, in all of -which the club achieved a victory. The committee expressed regret at the removal of Mr. G. V. W. Giblin, one of the oldest and most active mem- bers of the club. The balance-sheet read showed a balance from provious season of £1 Cs. 8d., and 10s. had been received as a donation. The subscriptions amounted to £37 13s., malting altogether £39 10s. 3d. The expenditure, including a special vote of £5 for improvements to the ground, amounted to £39 17s. 5d., leaving a balance of 2s. 3d, The assets were valued at £1315s. 3d., nearly all of which was for unpaid subscriptions. The liabilities were set down at £13>12s. Gd. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. The following office-bearers were then elected-, \- President, Mr. S. S. Rennie ; vice- presi- dents, Messrs. Tait and Buckland ; treasurer, Mr. "Whcafland ; secretary, Mr. Riddle ; general committee, Messrs. Lennon, Rippon, Timms, Noble, W. Rose, H. J. Robinson, and - Simmonds ; play committee, Messrs. Rose, Timms, and Tait ¡ ground committee, Messrs. Lennon, Rennie, and Tait. The opening match was fixed to take place on tho last Saturday in September, to be played by the married members against the single. A notice of motion was given by Mr. Wheatland, to be entertained at a special meeting to be held on Tuesday week, that jouths under eighteen years of age be ad- mitted as members of the club at half en- trance feo and half subscription, but without any voice in the management. Emma M'Bride, the girl who was so fright- fully burnt on Thursday morning, continued in a lingering state at tho Geelong Hospital last evening, but there aro no hopes of her recovery. Intelligence has been forwarded to the de- tective police of the perpetration of a high- way robbery under arms, between Pleasant Creek and Sandhurst, on Thursday morning. While a Chinese pig-dealer named Twong Fang -was travelling towards Sandhurst ho was suddenly "bailed up" by two mounted men, one of whom held him under cover of a revolver, while the other quickly relieved him of £115a. Od., which he carried in his trousers pocket. After sufficiently intimi- dating their victim, they fastened him to a tree, and decamped. Five hours after the occurrence of the outrage, Twong Fang succeeded in extricating himself, and immq mediately gave information to the police. The older of the men is described as being 5ft. Oin. in.stature, with brown hair, shaven chin, moustacho, and whiskers. He was dressed in moleskin trousers, a drab-coloured wide-awake hat, and rodo a bay hoiaö. Ho appeared about twenty-five years old. His companion, who was several years younger, was similarly attired and mounted. £10 of the plunder was in single notes, and doubts arc entertained of their identification. Information was brought into Braidwood, on Friday, of a man having boon shot by a policeman, about threo miles the other side of Larbert. From what we (Dispatch) could learn of the occurrence, it appears that tho man's name is William Ule, and that the policeman who shot him, Constable Gall, stationed at Tarago, had pursued him and another man, whose name we have not learned, from Lake Bathurst, where they had robbed a shepherd's hut. The offenders were on foot, and when Constable Gall came np to them they made an attempt to seize his horse, in which they were frus- trated, however. They then made for a denso scrub in tho locality, when the constable fired over their heads to intimidate them to sur lender, but this failing to have the desired effect, he again fired upon them, taking a low aim at their legs. Ule was shot down, but his companion escaped uninjured. Tho wounded man is in a very critical condition, and it is difficult to say whether he will recover or not. The Ballarat Hunt Club Steeplechases com- menced yesterday, and wero witnessed by about 2,000 persons. The principal event was the Hunt Steeplechase, which was won by Mr. Carmichacl's Sea King. The Cleveland Bay Express of the 10th instant says:-"A magisterial inquiry was held on Wednesday, 2nd inst,, before Mr. J. A. Bonar, J.P., touching tho death of a man, name unknown, found partly buried in a creek, near Kroombit, on the Port Curtis road. From the appearance of the body, and the evidence, thero is no doubt tho unfortunate man had been foully murdered some three or four days beforo the body was found. The skull had been smashed in with a stone, the body stripped, and the clothing stolen. There is no clue at present as to the identity of the murdered man or the murderers, although a party returning from Gympie are sus- pected." The Fijis, it appears, havo arrived at that stage of importance which is marked by the advent of a local newspaper. The iVctt» and Planters' Journal is the title of a modest hebdomadal published at Levuka, Ovalan. The introductory notice urges the necessity of a newspaper from tho rapidly growing importance of the group, in order to mako the settlement and its " capabilities better known. , The Cleveland Bay Express of the 29th tilt, reports that " information was received from the Capo River Diggings that a Chinese store- keeper had been stuck-up and robbed of a sum of about £300 in gold and notes, besides two silver watches, by a party of bushrangers, consisting of three men, who had disguised themselves by blackening their faces. The I police were lucky in at once hitting on the j track of the marauders, and succeeded in following it up to their camp, where they at once nabbed one of thom, and finally the other two. A £5-noto was dis- covered on the person of one of the thieves, and this was at once recognised by the victim as a portion of his loss, by some particular private mark." The consignment of bronze coinage, ro ceived at Sydney, from England, by the Rifleman, weighed twenty-six and a quarter tons. The Sydney Morning Herald reports a frightful accident which occurred at South Head on Monday morning. Some persons were walking in the neighbourhood of the lighthouse, when the hat of one of the party, a woman, blew off. She immediately rushed after it, and while endeavouring to recover it fell over the cliffs, which are nearly 300 feet high. Her body was recovered soon after- wards, when it was found that, with tho ex- ception of her boots and portions of her stockings, every thread of clothing had boon torn from her. Her body was dreadfully mutilated, nearly every limb having been more or less torn asunder. As showing how unusually dry the season has been, the Ballarat Courier states that two bush-fires of some extent were raging in the [neighbourhood of Smythesdale on AVcd nesday. According to the Geelong Register, the members for Geelong have obtained an as- surance from the Commissioner of ltailivays that excursion tickets will bo issued during the summer season between Ballarat and Geelong, and Geelong and Melbourne. Othor alterations of a popular character are in con- templation. "A rather amusing sceno," relates the Gee- long Register, " took place after the adjourn- ment of tho Colao County Court on Wednes- day. A client not having been satisfied with the manner in which his counsel had oou ducted his case, seized his learned friend by the beard and wig, making them both to meet over his face, at the same time telling him that was tho way they should always be, so that he might never again look upon a man's face, at the same timo addressing lum by names and epithets anything but compli- mentary to a member of tho learned profes- sion." A child named Oscar Hartmann, son of a publican at Ballarat, was scalded to death a day or two ago by falling into a boiler of hot water. The buying price of gold is to be reduced Od. an ounce in Castlemaine, after Tuesday next. The health officer of Sandhurst, on Thurs- day, seized at various butchers' shops sundry quarters of beef which ho considered tainted by pleuro-pneumonia. Tho matter has given rise to a discussion, a number of slaughter- men and medical men declaring that the animals had not been infected by the diseasu in question. Snipe aro said to be very scarce around Geelong this season. Many of their favourite haunts have been destroyed from the long grass during summer having been burnt, and the winter being so dry that the young giowth has been eaten off. The swamps aro quite bare of cover, and the snipe will not remain. This has been the driest winter known for many years, and several of the swamps that heretofore have not been kno«vn to be dry at this time of the year can notv bo traversed dry-shod. Further charges have been brought fonvard nt AYarrnambool against the Custom- honso anding-waitor Godkin, ne was brought up on habeas on Tuesday, when ho was com- mitted for trial on two charges of embezzle- ment and one of falsifying cortain documents connected with the Customs. " Mysterious rumours have," says the Bal. larat Courier, " during the last few days been floating around the region of the Black-hill, the import of which, from tho scanty particu- lars wo have been able to glean, appears to bo that a case of either murder or suicido has lately occurred in that usuallj quiet neigh- bourhood. Our informant, who is himself a resident on the spot, informs us that on Sun- day last the scene of the supposed occurrence was visited by one or two of the police, who traced a continuous chain of blood from a neighbouring bush to an old shaft, about sixty feet deep, around the top of which thero appeared to be marks of a scuflle having taken place. Upon this discovery a windlass was erected over the shaft, and one of the polico made a descent, but found nothing which could in anywise afford a clue to the correct- ness of the rumours." A resident of Rintoul's Creek, named Sul- livan, while returning from Rosedale, on Monday, was thrown from his horse, thereby íeceiving injuries from which he died a day or two after. " Owing," says the Kilmore Examiner, " to the unusually dry autumn and winter, grass is very scarce in the interior. The squatters on tho Goulburn and elscwhore are killing sheep by thousands for tho sake of the sirius. On some of the stations, we aro informed that feed is so scarce that the sheep aro dropping down dead through hunger in hun- dreds. As an evidence of tho truth of the above, several immenso waggons laden with sheepskins have passed through here within the last day or ttvo." An inquest was commenced on Thursday, at Buninyong, by the coroner, on the skeleton found at Buninyong Mount on Sunday last. Five witnesses were examined, but no evi- dence as to identity elicited. At the request of the police, the inquest was adjourned for the production of a woman who, it is said, found a swag and some other articles a few months ago in the locality where the skeleton was found. According to the evidence of Dr. Delaportc, it must have lain in the bush about six months, was a male European sub- ject, five feet nine inches in height, and about forty years of age. There «vere no fractures of any of the bones, but some hair found near the skeleton was said to bo stained with blood. The Kilmore Examiner reports that " an incident of a tragical nature carno to light last week, which affords much reason for en- tertaining fears that a horrible crime has been committed. On Friday last, bcttveen Donny- brook and the Deep Creek, the body of a man was discovered lying in the bush, with a ter- rible gash in his throat, resembling a wound that might bo inflicted by an axe, or some other sharp instrument, A very mysterious fact is connected with the incident-that tho body, when found, was almost in a state of nudity, a pair of trousers being the only covering, and no visible traces of any other clothing. Tile unfortunate victim of so vio- lent a death, in appearance, would be about forty years of agc. The district coroner held an inquest on the body, at Donnybrook, on Saturday, when au open verdict was re- turned." The Western Press remarks of the late Skipton show :- " The prize pen of rams was sold by auction, tho figures ranging from £15 to £2110s. ; and 1,000 rams, the proporty of Mr. Learmonth, were sold for £8,000 by Messrs. Hepburn and Leonard. Taken in its entirety, the Skipton sho«v of 1868 will occupy a prominent position among tho ar- chives of tho agricultural and pastoral societies of Victoria." A burglarious entry was effected on the night of AVcdnesdny, 10th September, into the store of Mr. A. Hay, of the Belle Vue Hotel, Newlyn, by boring into one of tho panels of the front door with a brace and bit, and then cutting out the intervening spaco with a knife. Clothing, boots, tobacco, and cigars, to the value of £150, were stolen. The robbery is supposed to have been com- mitted by Chinese. ? The'Sydney papers contain a report of the case in which " Dr." Carr was charged with a criminal assault on a married Worn an named Eliza Grey. Prosecutrix in her state- ment said that " on the 18th March she went to the School of Arts between one and two o'clock, and saw Dr. Carr in the first room ; he took her into tho third room, whero he sand that he would read her bumps ; he left her there, desiring her to wait. In about twenty minutes sho felt sick and giddy, and rose to go away. Dr. Carr met her at the door, saying, ' Stop, I will' be with you in a moment.' She returned to the chair and sat down. Tho next thing she remembered is that she found herself lying on the sofa, Dr. Carr tapping her on the left side of the head. Sho suspected nothing ' until she saw Carr putting a belt round his trousers, and she saw that the door was-locked ; She challenged him with having taken-advan. ' tago of her, and his reply was, ' Human nature is wicked,' and added that no ono would be the -wiser unless-sho told it. He did not read her bumps on tliat" occasion. She remembers that day, having written the dato on one of the cards Carr had given to her." Carr waa remanded for a week. At the Theatre Royal this evening, the favourite burlesque of "The Brido of Abydos," which has-been successfully repre- sented during the week, will mako place for a new piece entitled "La Vivandière; or, True to the Corps," which has attracted popular houses in London, Mr. Hennings has completed some special scenery for the occasion. An afternoon performance of "The Battle of Waterloo " will'be given at the Princess's Theatre to-day. A change has been announced in the enter- tainments at the Varieties this evening, In addition to'the usual programme, a musical burletta, entitled' "Prince Toto Ship- wrecked," will be produced. The opening matoh of tbe St. Kilda Bowl- ing Cluh boo Been postponed, in consequence of me death of Mr. W. H. Freer. A reward of £50 is gazetted for the dis- covery of the persons who set- fire to the school-houso at Braybrook on the 30th J uly. The tenth anniversary tea meeting of the Wesley Church, Lonsdale-street, will be hold on Monday ovening. The Bishop of Melbourno will preach to. morrow morning in St. Luke's Church, Eme- rald-hill, on the occasion of the opening of the enlargement of the church. The treasurer of the Sailors' Home acknow le dues receipt of a donation of £5 from Mr. J. Wild towards the building fund of tho in- stitution. Special sermons will be held to-morrow in the Howe-crescent Baptist Church, Emerald hill-in the morning by the Rev. W. Potter ; afternoon by the Rev. J. W. Inglis; and in the evening by Mr. Walter New. We aro informed that the pamphlet re- cently published on Baptismal Regeneration, is not from the pen of the Rev. C. Stuart Perry, tho incumbent of St. Jude's Church, Carlton, but is -written by a layman, Captain Charles James Perry, of Williamstown. We understand that the Rev. J. Stanley Low will enter on the incumbency of Christ Church, St. Kilda, on the 1st of October noxt. It is expected that the Rev. Hussey Burgh Macartney will officiate to-morrow, and tho Rev. H. N. Wollaston on the following Sunday. The weekly abstract of births and deaths in Melbourne and suburbs for the week end- ing 12th September gives a total -of 127 births and 83 deaths. In Collingwood the figures were-births 27, deaths 5 ; in South Melbourne-births 10, deaths 24; and in North Melbourne-births 9, deaths 30. Tho following item appears in this weok's Police Gazette:-"Lost by James Burgess, between Sandy Creek and Beechworth, 22oz. 2dwt. of gold, in an old chamois leather bag, and £35 in Oriental Bank notes, £20 in mixed notes (mostly Sydney), a £2 14s. 3d. cheque from M'Donald to Irvine, a £2 18s. fid. cheque from Irvine to Burgess ; all in a bank bag marked 'Bank of Victoria, James Burgess, £500 enclosed.' " Tho following sums havo been paid out of the Polico Reward Fund during tho week : To Constable Thomas Parkinson, at Talbot, Maryborough district, £2, in acknowledgment of his services in the arrest and prosecution of Ah Thooey, sentenced to twelve months for selling spurious gold ; to Sergeant 1st class' Jeremiah Toohey, at Geelong, £3, in acknow- ledgment of his services in the arrest and prosecution of John Sinclair, sentenced to eighteen months for larceny. The Melbourne Philharmonic Society an- nounces tho third subscription concert, to take placo in St. George's-hall on Tuesday evening next. As a contrast, and perhaps an agreeable chango, from tho heavy stylo of music - oratorio - generally given by this society, the committee offer a programmo o£ vocal and instrumental secular music, in- cluding Romberg's cantata, " The Lay of tho Bell." We are informed that it is tho inten- tion of His Excellency tho Governor and Lady Manners Sutton to be present on the occa- sion, and we trust the success of this concert will be equally as great as that attending each of the previous concerts of this season. The Carlton Football Club hold the annual winding-up meeting of the season on Thurs- day evening last, at Plomer's Hotel ; Mr. John Conway in the chair. The honorary sccretavy brought forward the report and balance-sheet, which were unanimously adopted. Tho report showed the season to havo been a highly suc- cessful ono, the club never having sustainod a defeat, and having kicked ten goals, whilst only four goals had been kicked against thom. An interesting item in theproceedmgs was tho presentation of an illuminated address from the members, conveying expressions of es teem, to Mr. Francis nillsden. The remain ing business was merely of a formal character, I the proceedings closing with a vote of thanks to the chairman. An amateur entertainment of select read- ings, combined with vocal and instrumental music, was given to the inmates of tho Bono volent Asylum on Thursday evening last, by Messrs. T. P. Hill and Llewellyn, assisted by Mrs. Sanderson ; Misses Locock, Cochrane, and Garbutt ; and Mcssis. Morris, Mul rusters, Turner, Jenvey, Sinclair, and Forbes. Mr. Thomas Dickson, ono of the committee of management, occupied the chair. A most ngreeablo evening was spent. A coidial vote of thanlcs was carried on the motion of an inmate to the ladies and gentlemen on tho platform. There could not have been fewor than 300 persons present in the room. The director of the Botanic ganlons acknowledges the following donations re ccived during the week ¡--Miscellaneous Feeds from J. O'Shnnesy, nurseryman, Rockhampton ; T. Lewis, Omeo ; M. Synnott, Terricks, near Rochester ; A. W. Howitt, Bairnsdale Gipps Land ; C. Shnnd, Christ- church, Now Zealand ; C, F. Creswell, seeds- man, of Ilobart Town and Melbourne ; W. Graburn, Otago ; from tho Acclimatisation Society of Otago ; and from Mrs. H. Birchall, Richmond. Several new plants from Messrs. Längster and Taylor, Toorak ; a Wardian case, with prominontly utilitarian plants, from Mr. W. Hill. Botanic-gardon, Brisbane ; lallas from Mr. Claud Fario, South Yarra, and from Mr. G. Cook, Mount Erica; and Danubinn reeds from Mrs. Cassell, Prahran. At the weekly meeting of the executive com- mittee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, tho suporintendont mado tho foi lowing return:-Number of inmates in tho home, as reported last week, 301 ; admitted since, 89 ; persons who havo received out- door relief, "32, or 223 families. Total re- lieved, 1,382. Discharged from tho homo during the week, 100. Total at present re- maining, 350, Number of women hair-1 teasing, 35 ; in the laundry, 9 ; sewing, 7.' Number of men oakum picking, 37 ; stone brenking, 25 ; working outside 15. Tho following subscriptions wero received during the week from Mr. Goff, collector :-R. Kerr, Dandenong. £1 ; Mouhray, Lush, and Co., £1 Is. ; John Watson, 10s. ; Clarke and Co., £2 2s. ; Macfarlane and Co., £2 ; Henry Brooks, £1 Is. ; Joseph Webster and Co., £2 2s. ; Hon. Archibald Michie, £1 ; Vaughan, Moule, and Seddon, £2 2s. ; R. Ekman, £1 Is. ; Dickson Brothers and Co,, £1 Is. ; R. AValker, 10s. A "grand complimentary ontcrtainmont" was given last night attheTrades'-hall, Lygon street, for the benefit of Mr. Charles Wray, who has lately become tolerably well known to the public in connexion with perform- ances of this description. The programme was varied, and the ladies and gontle men who severally read and sang made groat efforts to please tho audience, and if somo of them succeeded less in deed than in intention it is, perhaps, only what generally happens at such performances. With the exception of Mr. Wray, who acquitted himself with much credit, tho readings wero exocrablo. I The singing, howover, was uniformly good, and some portions of it especially 6o. Mr.-D., C. Carr and Miss Sheppard sang two ducts' with much spirit and humour ; and a gentle- man -whose name was not in the billa, hut who was announced as Mr. Furlongo, sang an air from " La Sonnambula " in a manner which, if not remarkable for finished execu hon, demonstrated the possession of a bari- tone voice of unusually fine quality, and one that would be worth somebody's while to cultivate. There was a tolerably good at- tendance. 