THE FARM AND STATION. ACCLIMATISATION. It used to be the fashion to speak of this country as being lamentably under- stocked with wild animals and birds, and with this idea in their heads, the promoters of the Acclimatisation Society prepared for the in troduction of every beast that could be desir able, from a sporting point of view, excepting, as yet, the fox, and of every bird with which they were familiar, and many others besides with which they were not. No doubt the open parts of the country first settled upon were bare of animal Hfe, as well as of the trees to shelter it, but such must needs have been the case. The annual fires swept away the little protection afforded smaller birds by the grass, and most, except very small, animals hare their bomes in forests. Then the system of checks and counter-checks was complete. The natives and the wild dogs eat the kangaroos, and, indeed, any animal and bird they could catch; hawks of every size did the same; and, lastly, the bush-fires effectually cleared the country every year of superfluous insect life Bat Eince the white man has occupied the country all this has been changed. There are no longer native* and wild dogs to keep down the kangaroos, and the settlers know to their cost how they are Diseasing j but there ha" been bo material reduction in the number of hawks, aid the natural shelter of the little birds has been raj modi cleared away, so they are decreasing, when we would jam see them inaease. And as the fires are sot now allowed to prevail, insects multiply. 21ms the equilibrium having been disturbed, we can no longer complain of a vast of animal hfe, though not exactly of the ants we might wish for. It is therefore need ful that the acdimatisers should take all these drcumstancea into consideration, and look before them to see that they do not dis turb thh equilibrium still further. It is very desirable that die waste lands should be stocked, with deer, for instance ; but can the deer be kept to these when they become as numerous as the kangaroos are now in places? and he need not be a very old colonist to re member when the latter were not to be seen more frequently than deer are now in the Plenty or Upper Tatra ranges, in the Bris bane ranges, and in several parte of Tasmania. Host deer breed as rapidly as kangaroos, and are as well or better able to take care of them selves, even when unprotected by law, so that ire may expect them in another twenty years to become as numerous as the latter, wherever there are now herds to be found. And the outcry about the wild rabbits will soon be load and prolonged. The society disowns them, but before long they will be held responsible for the acts of some of their pets which they now pride themselves on having introduced, and if they are not more provident and care* ful of consequences, they will have many people who are now on their side believing that acclimatisation does more harm than good, like oar correspondent of last week, who knows that the sparrow is beginning to do him much harm, and cannot discover that it earns the food with which he has to supply it. Setting aside for the present the mere sporting or aesthetic view of the question, tfyojredly introduced to prey upon the & inset** »*rhich destroy the crops in our fields a)bd gardens, and also to keep down eotne of «mr«nost troublesome weed* by eatidg tbeseed* of them. To begin with the spar. It. fflortot jf^^jioroe flv« years siuoe te wy iiis food adQWiingto ?circumstances, '"X op ^eW of all kinds "When in ji|B$ f&fl;%ostr mooommOdating !#»«»'i# #ttld Jp j06|pkw*wi #iid lomi some other -he .. dual WmM $oontiy. .rifcpuU dopbt, p gn£n fad tyri for the greater part of the year, and let us see whether, in the gratification of this taste, he doe* not more good than harm. " Cultivator " found in the one experimental crop forty grains of oats, as well as seeds of bogweedt sorrel, and canary-grass, without a trace of animal organisation; therefore, this par ticular sparrow had that day eaten nothing | exoept seeds and grain. Hut, having seen the contents of his crop, we can say that the seeds of weeds very much outnumbered the grains of oate, probably in the proportion of three to one. But if the seeds of sorrel and oanary graes were only equal in number to the grains 1 of oate, the farmer of the land was a gainer by feeding him for that day at least. Any farmer would gladly give a grain of oats for a seed of either weed, and the crop thus robbed at seed ing time would be likely to be very much heavier and cleaner than if the full allowance of seed and weeds had been permitted to re main in the ground. Therefore the sparrow must not be condemned without a fair trial, simply because he eats a few grains of oate every day at seeding time. And as the num ber of persons prejudiced against him is in creasing fast, the sooner this trial commences the better. Xiet one be shot each week Tor a year, and examined by some impartial man or men in authority, and let it be published to the world at large what were the contents of every week's crop. That number can be well spared, especially as propagation appears to proceed all the year round in this warmer climate} and although thelorer of the sparrow may be horrified at the idea of having any shot, let him be satisfied thatin this way the li res of very many will be saved which would other wise be sacrificed in a more noiseless manner. Many fanners and gardeners are now satisfied in their own minds that they are suffering great lots from this fast-increasing old friend or enemy, and are determined to take the law in their own hands, unless this investigation be made. The oft-reiterated statement that the sparrow is beneficial to the farmer or gardener has no weight with them. They are more in clined to believe their own eyes, which tell them that he certainly does more mischief here in some ways than he does at bome^ and they cannot see that be adheres to his old habit of feeding Lis young on the larvae of insects. Having altered his tastes in other respects, he may do eo, or may Dot j let the question he proved before a jury consisting of all farmers and gardeners who read the newspapers. And this question of the sparrow serves well to show what care should be taken in the in troduction of new birds or animals, of whose natures we an only partially informed, or whose habits are likely to be materially modi fied by tin new circumstances in which we place them. No farmer would grudge the food eaten by a brace or covey of partridges, for the pleasure of seeing them occasionally, or the food of a hare; but it is quite »»Mher .flair when he sees his stacks and fields covered daj after day by flocks of litde birds, which most probably he has always been taught to look upon as enemies. Then, as nine rabbits eat as much as two large yearling sheep, how will the stockowner fee1 when he sees these little animals forming burrows on his run, and increasing a hundred times faster than his flocks. No doubt rabbits' fur has a value, but it will scarcely pay him to collect it, and in rough parts of the country their numbers caa be uo more kept down thy» can those of the kangaroos and wallabies. Even though unprotected, they are becoming a eerious tax on many run-holdere already, and what will they be after another ten yean P More than a year ago we published a letter from a settler in the Brisbane ranges, ««Hng who was to pay him for his crops destroyed by the deer, and many a settler in Tasmania has bad cause to ask the same question in vain. The herd ia those ranges, as well as that up the Yarra, originated from follow deer which escaped from paddocks, and no oniinaiy fence will keep them out when they see a tempting patch of green corn inside. The follow doer, like the kangaroo, can only be kept from green corn, of which they are very food, by fences eight or nine feet high, and doubtless the red, and some of the Indian deer, will display still greater jumping powers. At yet the wild deer are to be counted by, tens, but they will shortly amount to hundreds, and then the raids of the mountain herds will bring ruin uppn the formers liable to their visits. The remedy proposed for this contingency is to remove the legal protection % but amateur sportsmen will never then keep down their numbers, and in the mountain ranges to which they will retreat when hunted, it will ao Psy to kill them than it will to kiil wild rabbits JTor 'their |>eHg, . Thps evan these foir animals and birds promiseto jnpnwfl rather more than may be altogether desirable from a utilitarian point of viewf and how will it be with some Ate other things trittl which ire are endeavouring to more fully stock the country ? 