'.??? 'CATTLE- And ?'cjattle BREEpi^:^;v''4ii} ?-' ''?'?? '-RY \miLIA.M M'COJIBIE, TILLVFOUH., . .... , -:, M5*rec6Uectioris'of tue,' Aberdeen 'Runt' |f- ..,.,, embrace a period Of very rieavly'Jali ' a^c&a-;, v,i .,: (.,._, tury. For a year or two still antecedent to .... , ,, that eta, my curiosity iwas, at times greatly ex- . .. ' ,,{ cited, as| rUsteh!ea\tb'Yttie\tele8''6r;dr6v;wB.:y...j'ji,^, nhnnh the enormous diinerisioris , of this ih'uge ., ; animal. I While these men— men venerated by; , , , ,( 'me'fbr the extent of their travels^desoanted ;! , oh ''the ; sizeV-' shape, and strength, of the ,, , ; ;j 'Runti'i I Btbbd near themi petrified, with\\.: , .,;... amazement,1 j ust as we see a colonial '? bairn ' ' , , . of the present day gaping with astonishmpnt ' \ . v ,. at the desoriptioti ^ given by some! ?' old harid^' , .. . . bt'a -i/eriljable buriyip. : O; hbw'I longo^to'seeV ^^Uii. th9''Rurit !' '.My aspiratiprisV howevor, 'were ? ', ... ?'deBtuiedlBhOrtly tb:bb gratified/ Gn'e'fbrenoori; , ,' ],„ ' libbut the term of ; Whit- Sunday, a spjourner . 'I'\').-, froiathe^ tiorth''iottbtie:a;'1'at':ihe'|'f'oot'.of the ',;,,: mountain (atywhat'a cold place t)'whJBrb I was ,'' , .^ born, wh'o; during the pauses (arid they wore ' .; f,;, very short pries, believe me) in'iho 'discussion . , ; Of a pogful: of |«' cpoori-meat,';, coth?duni; \'.''y'. cated to ins the wolbbmb intelligence that , a' , ' ( drove of ('Aberdeen Runts '' was 'approach-' , ! ' ing the confines of our ' run.' With tlie exoep- ; , ,' tibribf'tbe dairyWd, wbpse'armV;: Were at that / ' ''' moment fup to 'the elbbwa1!^ the oheeso;' ( ' ;'i; tub,: ana jthbioia\kWp'yrai:wh'd'sil9 olia.rge.wa^ ({ v( 'the boundary1' look' but;''; all the; heusoholjV,. ( ; ,?'] folks were1 absent ;' yes, every soul, Jup .tUe' V,..'o gWn, peiit oattirig.J ;'; .Fortune,' 'mBthcmght,' ^ ,' , favored an expoditiori'tb th'ekirig'd htghwiiyrfr ' ,|,(. f Bevevarmilesbff. I ^^supptessed ,'m'y agitation '.wiHh ,' , ; tolerable taoti bit the minute inspection I bof . , ' ;j stbwoa On the obnaitionoi my ^brpgae-tios an*. ,.*,,., .,',. ? gartor-knbtsaUraotedthoriotioe of tho oldbbuu- , ^ ' ,,( ? dary man.' 'Hia vetoi; however, which I greatly ^.V ,; dreadedi' ho forboro to exerpiao; but1 rather in.^ _'_',,. ,' 'r clibatoa;» Oiop'osUiibn '' to teadh the, ypungiaea; ' ( , \\.; '?'?' i '?'.'? ? ,... ' ?.; ;; v ??'. : ': ; '??- ;;:f ????' ' ^''1: «' '.',.'' ?'? ; ; ?? ' \ ?!? ???)??? -;,..Ai ':? .!;???? '????- '-??*? V'A 'C1-'1 f-'v: '^ how to shoot.' My inner man was, .forthwith fortified with the little porringer of ' curds aud cream,' that daily,, at this, hour, fell, to^ny lot* under the name of 'biadh-noin.. Cantem- . plating the possibility of a stroke of adverse fortune by the way,* too, a. slice of creamy cheese1 was wrapt in a supple . barley scone, and this tidy little ration, crammed by the , hand, and with the blessing likewise of the dairy-iriaid, into my sporari. Victualled, thus,: we sallied. forth, the old man holding my left hand in his right! \ '?'''? . ;, ,'.'?' „-. Nowadays the kilt is wdrh in a rational], manner in the highland glens. It extends downward to .the calf of the leg, thus con veying the . drenching rain3 from above right on to the hose, without ever cominec in con tact with the skin of 'the wearer^ It was. far otherwise at the time I. refer to. We then ? wore.it Dumbarton fashion, ' up above the knee.' The tartans' from which it was made, too, were bare; and hard' and stiff as a board of paling; The slightest touch of the felting process on these fabrics was a thing not. to.be tolerated. To study, any comfort of that na ture was accepted as conclusive proof of great degeneracy, and of what was still wprser^Low land effeminacy, ia the owner. , And dearly did I pay, on thia springf day,' for' being 'the slave of fashion.' Showers of sleet' began to fall, with a bitter easterly wind, and the hard rim of my kilt chafed my little hocks most cruelly— in fact, I was in great danger of get-, ting hamitrung. I was also, from other causesi physically, greatly damaged. The old man's stride kept me naturally at a smart toddle ;. and when my little feet became par tially entangled: in the knotty, swirly stems of the heather, I made a desperate plunge to ex? ; tricate ' iriyself , the impetus of which effort, too.often, landed ine up to the waist in a patch of eitedch.— -the remains of old heather left by the fdloisg (bushfire) of a former, season. This pointed, seasoned, stabby stuff lacerated my knees dreadfully. But there ' was little time, and still less disposifcien, to complain of my wounds. There was the straggliing drove . like the funeral of some, proud, laird, approach ing Tummel Bridge from the. north, while the old man and myself hurried .to the same point from the south. Here, every ''runt ' of the. drove had to pass in review before us. 'Still, from the enormous size oi the brutes, no satis faotory survey of an individual beast could be pbtained without ' assistance '—a thing that fortunately soon presented itself. Close up to the hindmost bullock, waddled a stout, shaggy garion, dragging a great load of peats after him. In. a moment, I felt myself Bvrang in the air, and with one hoist from' the old man I was perohocl on the top. of the peat-cart— -my' guide and protector scrambling, with laudable agility,, to the, same elevated, position after me. [ . Now we, saw ?? the huge hooka and backbone of the ;' rant ' from, end, to end. ' Beannaich mi !'. said the old man, ' tha [e cpsmhuil ri bothan , monaidh, air a rwgadlileis a ghaoith,' ''Bless me I.heis like a mountain-bethy stript with, the, wind.|7 This survey of the ' runt 'was enough.. We ' dismounted, when the old man thus accosted the topsman in charge of the cattle :— ' Who pelongs the. trove, gen ye please ?' M'Combie, Tillyfour,' was the reply, a name that from that day to this I, have not forgotten.;, But this M'Combie, who owned the. .drove, w.as. not, the present man of Tillyfour-r-the man.;who bred the stot, and who, made the, bopk^-but his father, the great clrpyer ' ol that ilk ' be fore him. ';,,.' '.. '.' . ..' ;: .' '. ,.; .'„ _.' .'.. ? Although ' Aberdeen awa' ;' hag been; the : chief habitat of the M'Combies now for some generations, they belonged originally to our,, country 4- Perthshire. Their beat; lay on the eastern confines of the county, across by, Glen Isla and Glen Shee. ? There they had a 'looal habitation,' and.a: distinguished name, some seven hundred years ago, according to the antiquarian researches .of the indefatigable Jervis. But, although, as a body, a notable clan, wise to ' let-a-be,' no: single man of them appears, tohave kept ' the ; country side in ?., fear,'; until the advent of MacComaith Mor (Big M' Combie) , , who slew, the Farquharsons withthe, edge of ;the sword. For personal prowess, and every most highly: prized quality in a highland chief, this man so far eutstript his contemporaries ? that his example, it was supposed, from its excessive glory, could not really have any salutary effect upon his off spring. But in this the prophets miscalculated. After a few generations ;a; scion appeared in the tribe who .??cried back 'to MaoComaith Mor. This «' coming man' was Donthnul] Og (Young Donald,) whose prooooity. in . broad sword exercises, and other kindred, achieve ments, rendered the ,;, climate of his native glen too hot forhim.Inshort.before ho scarcely attained to manhood, , Donald i was outlawed the county. His, breeding, , however, in thia emergency, .stood him in good. stead; for his spirit could not be subdued. , With the most: valued portion qf his effects— a broadsword and dagger—'1 he' sought fresh fields and pas tures new, ' [in the forests of Brae Mar. And * from this fresh blood, thus imported into Aberdeenshire, have sprung thp ; present M'Combies of Easter Skone and, Tillyfour. I. have thus cursorily, glanced at the descent of the man who bred thp stot and who made the book. If it be a failing of mino, it cannot, at this stage of life he helped, I suppose ; but really, in man and beaBti I must havo a pedi gree. ,.'..'.,??,'.,.?',.?? . ? .. ; ,; ;. : : The M'Cambiea of Tillyfour hayo been for many generations grefit dealers in, aa well as breeders of pattlo. The father of the present man — tho man who made, the, book— was pro bably tho biggest drover of his day in tho north of Scotland. The ., facilities for sending fat otook to the southern markota enjoyed by tho present generation did not in his twno oxi0t and his great droves were invariably conducted to ^alldrk, and other national '? trysts,'.1 in: a lean .: state, as we 'have already seen the ^ runts ' at Tummel Bridge. On these 'mar- ket' stances ' he. disposed of them by the hundred .to the '? Big Southerners frae yont the Border,'— the mode of payment, in these transactions, being too often, if not always, by bills, at so many months. This system suited the vendor^being a man of m'eans~.. remarkably well, in a rising or steady market »'.,?? but jwhen a deoline took place, his .; losses.be-: : camb heavy. To his misfortunes .in this ? te speot, no less, than to the harassing nature of ^.^eVcalling,''^^''^^^^^^'.^^^^^^ dislike the old man took, in his latter, years, to , droviiigJ ;Pften and seriously: did he:, w,orn: ids three sons to have nothing to do with -.the cattle trade. By the Oldest Of theses the patriarchal admonition was* received into good soil.1 The lad wa3 ipad of theology. He studied ; in due time took orders,, and is now the 'Key. Dr M'Combie, of - Luinphannon. The youngest, too, was a docile boy ,- who had a taste for reading ;: and this : .' ohiel ' made up his mind to! adopt ia literary life— ra4 life through which he plodded resolutely, , until he emerged pnefine ;morning from 'under the verandah,' in GoUins-street, as editor and proprietor of the Port. Phillip Gazette. My reader, if I have, one, and that he be .ah ' old \ colonist,' will recognise in this ' cove,' one: of the members; of our present Parliament— the Ihon., Thomas M'GbmbieV I have now accounted for two of 'the1' young 'uris ;' but what of the third--Willie ? Alas ! had one risen' from the dead, he; could net have dis- .; suaded , William ; M'Combie from ? . the cattle trade. ' Twice, already, had he got possession of a five-pound-note, and upon each. occasion he trudged off instinctively to the fair,, and invested his all ia a bullock. Consequently the hereditary passion was by thisl'time' fully, and fairly develppedin him. ; But ' although he 'staved off! ' the in junction of hie parent, it was with the redeem ing determination of carving out for himself ' an j enviable 'immortality,' even in the pra carious business of his ancestors. All this he has achieved. ?? Modem appliances cartainly faypred him1. Steamboats and railways ^gave hirn^ access' to the best-^the London ; markets ; and. of this patio t he eagerly availed himself, with the very best beasts, prepared in the very .best way.' . ?? ?' ?':;- ' ,; ?? ''?-:? ? ? '; ''? ? '? Ear as Mr M'Combie has been known as a dealer in cattle, he ia now still more exten sively known as a breeder. This latter branch of husbandry he understands, probably, as well ? as any man ot his day. ' In thia interesting pursuit, the knowledge he acquired, during his early droving excursions, of the purest herds in i the north must have been : of incalculable ad vantage to him. To this advantage, indeed^ combined with his experience in feeding, may be chiefly ascribed the success that has latterly crowned his labors. His, knowledge qualified :him, in the first place, to procure ' right blood ;'' and his experience taught him/ in the second place, to rear that blood in comfort. To such a degree did he promote this latter ele ment that after being the hero of a hundred exhibitions in Britain, he was recognised by the ' Man of Destiny V on his appearing at -the .M Great International' of 1856, in Paris, ?aB thef' first feeder in Europe.';, The art of rearing and making up .! ' a show beastM ; was then, i however, but in its infancy with M'Combie- , Now-a-days, he is not unfrequently. surrounded, when parading .his beasts in the show-yard, with a group of 'the' crooned heedso' a' nations.' It is yet fresh in the memery of aUof us howhe had been invited to bring the ' blaok stot'1 he preparedfor the showB of last Christmas up to Windsor, so that her 'Most Gracious Majesty Queen Viotoria might have suitable ' assistance,' in private, to enable her to explore the immense ' plateau of beef' which thia .little, bullook carried 'to market, on his loin, and ' oot o'er his hurdies.' ? When the Chamber of Agriculture was insti tuted in Edinburgh a: few years, ago, Mr. M'Combie was elected chairman of .thatbody. Duringhia term of office ho had been often requested, 'by the leading membor8 of the Chamber, to read them an oo'oasional paper setting forth his views on, and extensive ex perience in, the breeding and feeding of cattle. He good- naturedly consented to do this. He afterwards consented, . likewise, that these hurried papers should be strung together and jumbled into the form of this V book,' which I have the other day prooured from Mr D wight, up east in Bourko-stroet, near the 'big house' where the ' deadlooks' are. manufactured by the ' old fogies.' : From tho ! Australasian standpoint we would be apt to suppose that 'the book' has pre sented itself as, no doubt, the author lias, good reaseri to complain, too' many of his calves, do —wrong . end foremost ; for tho section of the work that relates to ' feeding,' and which the Victorian farmer would be likely to finish with, is precisely tho ono Mr M'Combio be gins with. But in reference to this order wo must observe that, although 'feeding' is of little or no interest to us here, where every horned animal is expeotad to provide for it self, foaming at largo, it ia fa? otherwise hi Aberdeens'hiro, whero for six dreary months, out of the twelve the ?' hawkie' ? . 'That* ysnt tho hallan snugly oliewB her cood' baa to bo l handled. In faot, ''.'.feeding' in tho turnip-growing districts of Sootland may be considered of oven greater momont than '? Breeding,' and thai fdot fully juatitiea the : author's sectional arrangemorit. v , \- I have akceidy indioatod to what a proficiency Mr M'Combio has attained ;in tho'' f coding' branch of his business. In fact, no one knows bottev than this author thai (hero is no economy in starving a beast. At the very outset the '? calf fiesh'ia to bo carefully pre served, and; thenceforward, every ounce of food given to the animal must bo regulated so a3 to tell on the .aggregate weight of the carcass. Every rule bearing oh this point he reduces to the minutest practical nicety, but encounters a formidable difficulty, as all other feeders do, in selecting the sort of animal that assimilaies its food to the greatest profit. A severe task he allows: that to be, but gives us this hurried outline of the animal that is likely to suit: — 'The animal should be fine in the bone, with clean muzzle, a tail like a rat's, and not ewe-necked ; short on the legs. He should have a small, well 'put. on head, promi nent eye, a skin not too thick nor too thin'; should be covered with fiue silky hair— to the touch like a lady's glove ; should have a good belly to hold his meat ; should ;be straight-, backed, well ribbed up and well ribbed home ; his Shook bones should not be too wide apart. A wide hooked animal, especially a cow after calving, has always a vacancy between the hook-bone and the tail, and a want of the most valuable port of the carcase. I detest to see hooks '? too wide apart ; they should corre pond with the other proportions of the body.' B|ui Mr M'Combie becomes most interesting as, he advances to the ' Breeding' section of his work. What will our ' aelectors' think of this;:—' Pedigree is of the most vital import ance. . We ought always to prefer a bull of high pedigree, with fair symmetry and quality, to another bull though much superior in ap pearance, but of questionable pedigrae. If the latter be turned to a herd superior in blood to Wmftfiif. inp.n1nn1n.WA TninnViiBf mn.v lie dona* Breeders have not given the subject the at tention it deserves. I have paid dearly for my expedience in the matter. But bulls, even from the purest herds, will not all produce, stock alike.' Again, at page 161 :— 'I hold that j every bull must be tested, and when the result 'ia found satisfactory, then, and not till then', use1 him indiscriminately for all your cows.' It will likewise be seen from this book \- that jselection is a very ; untrustworthy agent,, as far, as the, female is concerned :-:-' Take the following by way ofj illustration. At peir haps'a jdistant sale a fine cow is bought, or it may ibe at market.' ' Attention t® pedigree is ignored ; the age is perhaps considered of no consequence. On her arrival she is applauded by friends and neighbors^ The inspection may cost the owner gallons]of whiskey; but she is to, prove a mine of wealth. Greathopes are eUerained of her progeny.. The calf is expected to be first-claBB. After days of care and nightsof dreams, and anxious watching, with tuinecessai'y aid in calving, the great calf at ladt sees the light of day. The owner is ' disgusted at the result. . The cow yields little milk,1 either for the calf or the family. She . is sent where she should have gone years be fore-rto the butcher.' : At the next page (155) a very different-picture will be found, though equally truthful :— 'In looking over a herd of breeding cattle, I have often seen the owner or the cattle keeper pointing out a cow that throws a good calf and never threw a bad one; and, at the same time, telling you how great a milker she is. It would be difficult to buy such ia cow top dear.' , ' Mr;M'Combie expresses his conviction. that Hb opinions on ''breeding' .will be closely scanned by Shorthorn men. Yes ; even in this ? remote, but fairest British colony, the writer has read, word by word, the Whole book until he came, sooner, than he expected, to ' Finis ;' then, solemnly closing its boards, he gave audible utterance to this benediction : — Well done, ' my brother William ! thou hast dene something^ — albeit that something is not so strong as I could have wished—to retain the key. of knowledge ; yea, the key of knowledge, which;' the selectors' in their folly and pre sumption would have carried away from us ! ??'?' ? ? ?. , ';.' ??''?'??'? ? ? '' ' : ';R-.-M'D. ; Essendon, 8th Jnne. 