THE GOLD-FIELDS. "YATTA CREEK. BAROSSA. from the Kapunda Serald's columns of Friday, '"October 16. we extract as follows: — " We understand that Messrs. Nixon and Pascoe weut down to the Yatta on Tues day, and seeing a likely spot took out a pro specting claim, having first sunk to see that there was a reef there. They obtained a speck or two of gold fiom the reef, and we believe that a party of 12, including Messrs. Lewis, M.P., Blood, Stobie, and some others, has now been made up to work the same. [This claim has been adjudge l to another claimant—a far from satisfactory pro cedure.] "Messrs. Bishop, Hooper, W. Rowett, and another visited the diggings last week, and in the two or three days they were there succeeded in getting sufficient gold to pay them excellent wages. Those of this party whom we have spoken to are rather reserved on the subject, feeling doubtless that it would not be pleasant if any report of theirs should induce men to go to the diggings, who, proving unsuccessful, might blame them. Besides the large uumbers who have left Kapunda by rail for the Yalta, a great many German wagons have passed through Kapunda from up north, laden with intending diggers, bound for Barossa direct. " A party, consistingof Messrs. Ivey, Edgecombe, and J. Moyle, left Kapunda in the morning to spend a few hours at the diggings, returning the same night. They tried the washing-stuff in various places, and each time got gold. "Mr. Schramm has reliable information of some Germans who have been working at these gold fields for some time past, and who have succeeded in making a large amount. "Mr. J. P. Moyle received a letter yesterday from Mr. W. Gates, stating that his party had just struck payable gold at the Yatta. Mr. Oates also states that there are many doing well there. " Mr. W. Tyrie informs us that he and Mr. Harden spent a couple of days (Wednesday and Thursday) in looking round the diggings and 'observing the progress of the workings, and their impression is that unless new workings are dis covered the diggings will not prove remunerative after the present week, all the old ground being nearly worked out, and water exceedingly scarce. Mr. Tyrie thinks that for any who have nothing to do, and who have a few pounds by them, pros pecting operations might prove successful, but would strongly caution those without means against going, or giving up constant employment to turn diggers. Farmers who could take plenty of feed for themselves and horses, and who have a week or two to spare before the hay harvest sets in, might prudently occupy that time in giving these diggings a trial. Some few were met who had done tolerably well, but the majority were not making wages. "We ourselves made a visit to the diggings on Wednesday last, and are therefore in a position to give some further particulars from actual observa tion and conversation with the diggers themselves. At the outset we would say that it is extremely difficult to get information from the diggers, especially those who have done anything like well. As most people by this time are aware, the principal workings are in the creek situate in Spike Gully, every inch in which is now occupied for about four or five miles up, and several holes are being sunk on the hillside of either side of the creek. Some of these holes have been bottomed, and a little gold taken out, whilst others have proved duffers, and others are still unbottomed. From what we could see we should say that this part of the diggings has not yet been tested, and indeed while a claim can be got in the creeks there is no inclination on the part of the diggers to test them, on account of the extreme hardness of the ground and the uncertainty attending it. Besides the main gully there are two or three smaller gullies where men are working. Gold has been obtaiued in these, but we heard of nothing very startling. One man who was working in one of these side gullies was seen with ounces, but how long he was in obtaining it we could not find out. " We were told of another party of seven who sold 2 lbs. weight of gold on Tuesday; another party of four who had obtained 9 ozs. in two days. Some of the Germans have done well in the creek, as also many others who were fortunate enough to get a claim or two at the first, when the water was plentiful. As a set-off to the good news, we con versed with dozens of parties who had got little or nothing; still they are holding out in the hopes that some new discovery will be made. Several parties are out prospecting at present, aud if more gold is to he discovered, there is no doubt some of them will drop on it. The great want felt on the diggings now is water. Indeed, for washing pur poses the precious element is already reduced to a minimum; that with which they are now washing can scarcely be called a fluid—it approaches nearer the solid, and unless rain comes there must be a clear-out at the end of the week from this cause alone. Those who are working about two miles up the creek have at present to carry their wash-dirt in bags on their backs. The Yatta Creek is not very far from the present workings, in which there is plenty of water; but then the worst of it is that from the inaccessible nature of the country no drays can approach the principal workings nearer than where the stores are at present situated, although horses might; and in case the wash-stuff will pay for carriage, it might be conveyed in panniers slung across a horse. "Several quartz-reef claims have been taken out on the north side of the hill, but of course these have not yet been tested. A dispute arose on Wednesday between two parties (one of which was mostly composed of Kapunda) as to the ownership of a claim. Each party asserted, and we believe could show, their claim to the particular reef; and the matter was referred to the Commissioner, who decided against the Kapunda party. We under stand that the officers are kept continually on the trot up and down the creek settling disputes. " Whatever complaints are made about the scarcity of gold or water, the same cannot be made as to the commissariat department. Stores of every description are clustered just at the com- mencement of the workings; and it must be most inconvenient to those diggers who are working some four miles up the creek to have to tramp all that distance for anything they may require. We think, however, there would be great difficulty in finding a spot higher up on which to pitch a tent— the side of the hills are so precipitous. Of public houses there are no less than six, and we under stand more are going up. In this department we think the Government ought to put on a check. Of blacksmiths' forges there are three or four, and the ring of the anvil seems to indicate that the pick-pointing trade is pretty brisk. Butchers' stalls there are also a good supply; and, in a word, there are all the comforts of a good market to be found in ' Murray-street,' Yatta." " Well, we dare say our readers will by this time want to know what is our opinion of the gold fields. We have no hesitation in saying that from what we could gather on Wednesday from a ramble of five or six hours, that taking the digging popula tion (which at the very least must amount to 2,000) they are not averaging wages. We are quite ready to admit, indeed we know, that some good finds have been made—that is to say, good finds for this colony; hut where one party is fortunate there are scores who scarcely get salt. The fact of it is, as far as discoveries have gone at present, there are too many on the diggings for the gold that is obtained. A few pounds weight of gold having been bought by a storekeeper reads well in print, and proves that the precious metal does exist there; but it does not prove that on an average men are earning good wages. It just resolves itself into this, if a man has got steady employment—if he is earning from 30s. to £2 per week—we should by no means advise him to go to the diggings. If, on the other hand, any are out of employment or can spare a week or two from business and want a change, then we should say let them go by all means; they cannot lose much, and who can tell what they may gain! "Up to Wednesday evening over 1,300 licences had been issued; and whilst many persons are leaving in disgust, others are arriving to take their places. The Yalta Creek toll-collector must be doing a roaring trade, and has evidently got the best claim on the diggings. " Kapunda has presented quite a forlorn aspect during the past week, nearly every one who could manage it having gone down to the diggings, in some cases with the intention of sticking to it and practically testing the value of the new discoveries, and in other instances merely with the intention of looking round, and judging by the experience of others. Each moming large numbers have gone down by the train, whilst as many more have gone by the road. Amongst these are some practical gold-diggers, who will certainly not leave the field until they have given it a fair trial." Sandy Creek, October 16. After three days' peregrinations about these diggings I. again send you the substance of what I have been able to pick up from my own observa tions and conversations with diggers. Many who were doing well in the branch gullies have been obliged to abandon their claims on account of the distance from water, the narrowness of the gullies, and the very precipitous sides. About a mile up the main creek from the commencement of the workings there is a precipice about 12 feet high. Above that the gully divides into two branches, and at the uoper end of the light branch, about 100 yards to the right of the workings on the hill side, water has been struck to-day at about three feet from the surface. The supply is copious at present. Many claims have been taken and holes sunk, and diggers have taken their cradles, while others are carrying the water in buckets for half a mile. Horses may be seen wending their way about the diggings with loads on their backs con veying the stuff to the nearest waterhole. The road is in a very bad state, requiring immediate attention. It is surprising that so few accidents happen. The memorial to the Government decided upon at the diggers' meeting held on Wednesday evening still lies at one of the stores for signature. It is hoped that any future meeting will be held at midday. Some beautiful specimens of gold quartz are exhibited by Mr. C. von Bertouch, together with some beautiful nuggets. Mr. Bevilaqua is also exhibiting some splendid samples of gold. Very many parties that I have conversed with admit that they could do very well if they had water; whilst it cannot be denied that many hundreds are doing but little, it is very rare to hear of any that "are doing nothing. Deep sinking is becoming general. The gully near the Commissioner's tent is wide, but very much broken with watercourses more or less deep; the sinking is generally deep about there, whilst of those that have bottomed, some are finding gold in paying quantities. Some holes are being sunk on the hill behind the stores, going through a very hard conglomerate, reminding me of some of the hills at Forest Creek, Victoria. It is to be hoped that they will find what will reward them for their perseverance. It is some what singular that the place where gold was first found should have proved the richest at present, as far as is known. Mr. Job Harris and party, the first discoverers of the hill, have done well, though they are able to do little now for want of water. They have sold about £31 worth of gold, the result of five days' work. Messrs. Potter & Springbett's party have done better. Those diggers who have found gold at the deep sinkings are not so commu aicative as others, though as a body the diggers are very civil in answering questions put to them. Reefs are being taken up in various places, but whether they will pay has yet to be proved. The stores appear to be doing a good trade. Mr. G. Aldridge has opened a restaurant. Mr. A. Hay, M.P., and many other gentlemen were on the diggings to-day, and I understand were delighted with what they saw. Mr. Hay's cheque was taken for a sample of gold. On Wednesday the Chief Justice visited the field. Tanunda, October 16. I have just come home from the diggings, and send you some notes. The want of water is very much felt; a good many are giving up good claims in consequence of it, but my opinion that this will be a payable gold-field is confirmed. A good supply of water will enable poor men to get a living till they can drop on to something better. There must be a heavier deposit somewhere near here. The nuggetty quality of the gold certifies this. A good many specimens were seen by me, which were just like what I found at Bendigo, the neighbourhood of which turned out one of the richest quartz reefs, and I am quite convinced valuable quartz reefs will be found before long. There is very little known of the value of these diggings yet. All the gold found till now has been obtained from quite shallow sinking—almost surfacing; but this morning a hole in Spike Gully, close to the Commissioner's tent, was bottomed by Messrs. Reeves and Wilkey, from Hope Valley, and they showed me in presence of the Com missioner about 21 ozs. of gold, besides some nice nuggets obtained from the bottom of it. Deeper sinking will show what these diggings will produce yet. Before I left, the hill behind the Post-Office Hotel was rushed and entirely taken up. Mr. L. Bevilaqua bought today 3lbs. weight of gold. I am going to the diggings again soon, and shall supply you with authentic information. From the Gawler Bunyip we add the following: —"We have heard of some parties who have averaged in Spike Gully from two to three and a half ounces a day amongst four or five men. We saw a fine sample of nine ounces, said to have been dug from a depth of about 40 feet in the hill side. On the other hand, many of those who are digging in the hill side state they are getting nothing. It is difficult in many cases to arrive at the truth; some of the diggers are very chary of giving any information, and seem to consider it desirable to mislead rather than allow it to be supposed they are doing well; others, on the contrary, prefer to exaggerate their success. We fear much of the fine gold is being lost from the thick puddled water necessarily used in washing. Out of the 1,500 diggers supposed to be at work probably half are making wages, but not more on the average. How ever, this is mere conjecture; but we do not believe that one-fifth of the whole are on the average getting more thau an ounce per week—perhaps 100 are averaging twice or three times as much. If our advice were asked as a friend to say whether we would recommend any one to come to the diggings under present circumstances, we should not like incurring the responsibility of saying yes; for though many are doing well, many more are doing next to nothing, and with the prospect of water failing it would be unwise for any one to try these diggings now, unless he had nothing to do, or could afford to risk the loss of his time. "We heard of a nugget weighing sixounces having been seen by a gentleman whose word we could depend on, but it is doubtful whether it came from these diggings, though it was stated to have been found there, and he believed it was so. We heard of another weighing two ounces; but this also wants confirmation. We believe the richest part of the diggings at present worked extends from nearly opposite the Commissioner's tent for about 30 or 40 yards up the creek, including the claims of Job Harris and party, Winton's, Mallyon's, and others; but, as the stream has ceased to run, washing is a difficult operation. Some claims are being worked much lower down the creek, where water is more plentiful; in fact, rather too much so, but, as far as we can ascertain, few if any of these have as yet proved payable. Over 1,500 licences have been taken out, but some of the holders of these did not remain long on the diggings; in fact, several have cleared out during the last two or three days on account of the scarcity of water. Probably if 1,500 is taken as the number at work, we shall not be far from the truth. There are a large number of idlers always knocking about, who seem too lazy to work, unless they could ensure as good returns as the best claims afford. These drones are, in some cases, quite a hindrance to the genuine diggers, as they come crowding round every dish of stuff that is washed, and by their presence and inquisitiveness impede the operations of the working bees in this busy hive. ** It is amusing to those who are constantly on the spot to read iho conflicting accounts forwarded by a variety of correspondents to our Adelaide con temporaries. At the same time we think our contemporaries act fairly and wisely in publishing these opposite accounts, as no one can complain of a want of impartiality—of puffing on the one hand or depreciation on the other. Some persons are always over-sanguine, and seem to see every thing through a magnifying or multiplying medium, while others take a gloomy view of every- thing, and even if they saw plenty of gold being ob tained, would, with a heavy sigh, commence moral izing on the pernicious effects to be dreaded from the development of an extensive gold-field. We think it would be a moderate estimate to say that about 400 ozs. of gold w as actually bought on the diggings up to Saturday night last. Besides this some parcels found their way into Gawler, and also to Adelaide. We have no doubt a much larger ; quantity will be purchased by this evening. We were in error last week in naming £2,000 as the amount of the reward offered some time since by the Government for the discovery of a payable gold-field; the amount is £5,000, and we think it will not be long before Mr. Job Harris will be able to show that the conditions entitling him to the reward have been fulfilled. We believe the sum will have to be divided amongst six persons altogether. The appearance of the diggings is rapidly altering. Tents stand thickly on the hill sides, while the turning up of the ground and cutting down of wood for fuel and other purposes completely metamorphose the place. There must be a large resident population, while there are probably from 200 to 300 who, living in the neighbourhood, and having mates to leave on the diggings, return home every night. From the latest news we could obtain last evening the diggers appear to be making continued pro gress. Several of the holes in what is called the deep sinking— i. e. 25 to 75 feet—on the hill-sides are getting gold in payable quantities; this feature is therefore an important evidence of the value and probable permanence of the gold-field. We heard from undoubted authority that a party of Germans had, since Friday last, obtained 18 ozs. of gold. Another reef claim has been taken out to the south-west of the preseut diggings. Not withstanding these favourable reports, we fear many who come here will be disappointed. As we have before said, water is very scarce on the richest part of the diggings; and if it is so now, what will it be in six or eight weeks' time? " We regret to notice that drunkenness is be coming prevalent on the diggings. This is a bad effect resulting from two or three causes. One of them, of course, being the love of drink, and another the establishment of several grog and beer tents, which affords the means of gratifying that propensity. It is a pity that these places of refreshment, which might be useful if used in moderation, should be abused so as to cause positive evil. We think great mischief is likely to result if this kind of thing be allowed to go on. A number of idle loafers will establish themselves on the diggings, and such fellows are generally foremost in interfering with others and stirring up rows, "for Satan finds mischief for idle hands to do.'' The character of the digging popu lation generally will suffer, and the work will not go on so energetically as it otherwise would; besides which the earnings of many will be seriously diminished by frequent visits to the grog shops. The penalties of the law against drunken ness ought to be strictly enforced, for habitual intoxication is likely to lead to far worse results under the circumstances existing on a gold-field than even in a town or more settled population. " On Saturday last Mr. George O'Halloran was sent to the diggings from the Crown Lands Office to adjudicate upon the disputed reef claims. He heard the evidence on both sides, and in accor dance with the 22nd clause of the gold- fields regu lations, gave his decision forthwith in favour of Messrs. Gibson, Muller, and others, of Gawler. Mr. L. M. Cullen, who stated he had attended on behalf of certain gentlemen in Adelaide, then proceeded to question Mr. O'Halloran's authority for adjudicating in the matter. We do not know why he reserved this protest until after the decision had been given. Mr. O'Halloran replied, referring him to Clause 22 of the regulations, and stated that he had been seut up from the Crown Lands Office by order of the Sur veyor-General. Mr. Cullen then asked who authorized the Surveyor-General in the matter, and was told he acted by authority from the Com missioner of Crown Lands. He then signified his intention of disputing the legality of the decision, and on being again referred to clause 22, he naively remarked, 'Never mind; a good lawsuit will be worth more than the quartz claim yet." The clause referred to above is as folows:—'In case of simultaneous applications being made for the same land, persons applying, if unable to arrange the matter otherwise, shall decide the same by lot, to be drawn in the presence of the officer in charge of the gold-field, or other person appointed by the Commissioner of Crown Lands. All disputes, the settlement of which is not otherwise provided for in these regulations, shall be referred to the Com missioner of Crown Lands, or person or persons authorized by him, whose decision shall be made forthwith, aud shall be final.' "An immense number of visitors are seen flocking every day to the gold-fields, and several conveyances have been placed on the road for the accommodation of the public. Bankers, mer chants, members of Parliament, clergymen, and other gentlemen, and ladies too, brave the dust and roughness of the road for the sake of seeing what nat'ral gold's like,'and how it is washed out of the earth. A large number of working men and women also go to have a look, and many return very little wiser and no richer than they went. It is of course difficult to estimate the number of bona fide visitors to the diggings, but we think we shall be within the mark if we state it as having been some days from 1,000 to 1,200." "A stranger who visited the diggings last week, and revisited them on Tuesday or Wednesday this week, must have been surprised at the number of stores which had been erected in three or four days. Storekeepers pay a licence of £1 for a right to the ground on which they erect their buildings, and we were shown a small piece of ground on the very edge of one of the steep creeks, and having only about 6 or 7 feet frontage, for which a bonus of £5 was offered to the storekeeper who had not made use of it in erecting his store. Another stand having about 20 feet frontage was sold for £20. The stores at present put up form a kind of short street, which is sometimes almost crowded by diggers and others. "Some parts of the road to the diggings after leaving the metal are very much cut up, and heavy for horses. In some of the narrow little gullies which have to be crossed by drays and carts on the diggings, and where there is a great deal of traffic, it is positively dangerous to drive over them. We witnessed two or three accidents, besides several instances of horses unable to drag the carts to the top of the steep bank, running back to the bottom when half way up. The harness of a spring cart broke just as it had reached the top of the opposite bank of the first little gully, and the cart came thundering down to the bottom, to the imminent risk of the diggers working in the holes. Fortunately no great harm was done in this case. We believe £300 would make a fair passable road from end to end of Spike Gully, and we think many men might be found on the diggings who would set to work at once if paid for their time." On Monday morning the Hons. W. Morgan and J. H. Barrow, Messrs. J. Fisher, M.P., J. Souttar Bank of Adelaide), Reichbeith (Wills & Co.), and L. Bevilaqua attended at the office of the Com missioner of Crown Lands as a deputation to urge upon the Government certain alterations of the gold regulations, and to request necessary expendi ture in an endeavour to procure water on the gold field. The Government propose amending the regulations as desired, and the Commissioner of Crown Lands has intimated his intention to suggest to his colleagues that £500 be expended in making a road to the nearest or best supply of water. The report appears in another column. The Surveyor-General left Adelaide on Monday afternoon to make enquiries on the spot into road and water supply requirements, and also for the purpose of deciding some questions in dispute as to reefing claims. Mr. L. Bevilaqua brought into town on Monday morning 53 ounces of good pure gold, which, later in the day, he disposed of to Messrs. Carter, Tyas, and Co., at £3 17s. 6d.—a price 1s. 6d, per ounce in excess of that paid by the Banks, and a figure which it is said these buyers, like others, will be unable to maintain. A small parcel of gold was also bought by the English, Scottish, and Aus tralian Bank. We understand the general prices for gold are—Jupiter, £3 12s. to £3 12s. < d.; Barossa, £3 16s. to £3 17s. 6d. In another column we give the quotations at Gympie, which show that Queensland gold is very low in price. One of the Directors in the Yatta Creek Gold Reefing Venture assures us that the paragraph which we quoted from the Bunyip in Monday's Register is incorrect in several particulars. He in forms us that Mr. O'Halloran was not sent empowered to adjudicate on claims; and, further, that on his proceeding to express an opinion as to who should be entitled to the claims, a shareholder objected. We are now given to understand that the Surveyor General has proceeded to the gold-field, and will himself adjudicate upon the subject in dispute. Another erroneous statement in the paragraph quoted bears reference to Mr. Cullen, who, we are informed, did not make the remark attributed to him as to lawsuits in connection with this case. The remark was jocosely made by a person in the crowd; but not, as our informant assures us, by the learned gentleman to whom the Bunyip has attributed it. The subjoined interesting letter, dated October i 19, is from Mr. C. von Bertouch, Managing Director for the Bank of South Australia, Tanunda:— "Tanunda, October 19. "Many have enquired why I abstain from giving occasional reports about the diggings. The reason is simply this, that the fact of our pos sessing a payable gold-field being beyoud doubt, I think it unnecessary, and am afraid to excite any to leave their homes and paying trade to chance their luck at work in many cases quite new to those who might be thus induced. But to-day I am specially requested by a German, known to me for 14 years as very industrious and respec table, who just now deposited with me here the gold he found on Friday and part of Saturday. He wishes his name not to be mentioned, but states that on being left alone by his former mates, he took his brother and two sons to join him, con fident of success if persevering. On Thursday they only had about one pennyweight; since then they washed out of four tubs about a pound weight of gold, now in my hands, besides having a heap of very promising washing-stuff lying ready to be carted as soon as the holes, at present preventing -traffic to the creek, are filled up. He desires me to point out the urgent want of a road for carts and wagons, though I told him the matter had already received the attention of the Commis sioner, to whom Mr. it. Bevilaqua and I, at the request of several successful diggers, applied on Saturday with that object, and who at once proceeded to mark off a road as good as can now be got, aud prevented holes being dug thereon by puting placards forbidding it. The diggings deserve at least a visit from every doubting man, and as some gentlemen have thought proper to run down the habits, &c.;, of the population thus gathered, I think, in defence of those so attacked, that considering the large number of men huddled together, there is very good order prevailing—allowing for exceptions. Those characters ought not to be counted as diggers who go there only to grind organs or for similar employment, and are altogether unfit for regular work. Every one seeing a number of men struggling hard for their own and their families' bread should yield the highest respect, and the efforts made are generally looked at favourably. There are some who by fun elevate the spirits of the downhearted. I do like their jolly 'Joe' and crowing at sunrise, and can see no harm therein. Lazy young men are used to think and wonder for a few hours after sunrise if they have any business to attend to. Whoever is over particular about his toast, coffee, cream, &c.;, is not called to go to dig; but if he has come, he will return a more healthy and more hardy man, and will not look over the shoulder of a poor labourer as if he was an inferior being. 'The present character of our diggers is good. It may be that a number of vagabonds will gather there soon, but they will find there a number j of efficient officers to watch their movements, aud if assistance is wauted the great number of re- spectable South Australians assembled is a guarantee that disorder will scon be checked. He who wants to learn the nature of each class of men must live with them, and will soon find that as good a heart beats under a dirty bush-shirt as under many a gentleman's snow-white waistcoat." Mr. A. Mackenzie, of the Eagle Tavern, brought to our office on Tuesday night a sample of very fine gold, bought by him at the diggings on that day, which is now to be seen at his house. Our Gawler correspondent writes on the 20th, noting gold purchases there:—"A large quantity of gold is still being procuied. Amongst the Gawler pur chasers during the last week may be mentioned Messrs. J. & G. Wilcox, 12 ozs.; Mr. Milne, 10 ozs.; Mr. O. Lynch, 8 ozs.; and another well known tradesman, 20 ozs. The Banks have not yet commenced purchasing." We subjoin the letter of a correspondent at Kapunda, who depreciates, but not more than we do and have done, the publication of too glowing reports. His own letter, to begin with, multiplies, for instance, by three the outside number that we have yet estimated to have been on the ground at any one time. In other respects we cordially agree with him, and are glad that he re-echoes what we have repeatedly said :— "In reading reports of the Barossa Diggings I was much surprised at the glowing accounts, and think these may be the means of leading many to leave constant employment. Such accounts are not warranted, some of the correspondents estimate that there are no more than 1,300 diggers on the ground, but I believe that on Thursday and Friday last there must have been at least 5,000 or 6,000 diggers at work, most of them getting the colour, but it will not pay, for the gold is very fine. A party of three and myself went down on Tuesday and commenced work on Wednesday; at the end of the week we had 3 dwts. to divide, and that would not pay. There were many round about not making so much, but still those that have been lucky enough to get in the main creek, above the Commissioner's camp, have been doing middling. As to making a fortune, it is out of the question. I think that if we take the amount of gold found at Barossa we will find it will not pay tucker, taking the average. We will suppose that 40 lbs. weight is sold during the week (and I think it will not reach that), that is 4SO ounces, and say £3 per oz. will be £2,400; not £1 per man. I am certain there were more than 3,000 at any one time last week. On the 13th I took out my licence—No. 2,844—and am certain that there are as many, if not more, working without any, so that, looking at it fairly, I cannot see that it is at all likely to prove payable. Still, if a person has nothing to do he may give it a trial with little expense besides his labour. I may give it another trial, for I should like to see it turn out well; but at the same time it is not fair to put forth such glowing accounts. One thing is certain that for such a number of men they are very orderly and temperate, for while on the ground I did not see more than six or seven men the worse for drink, and these not so bad but that they could find their way about." Subjoined are our correspondents' latest letters, which will prove interesting:— Sandy Creek, October 19. The want of water is now so severely felt that many diggers are leaving in consequence. Many are perseveringly attempting to wash their stuff with liquid mud. There is in many claims a layer of gravel containing fine, and below that a layer of variegated clay, containing the heavier gold. It is impossible to dissolve this clay with the water which many are using; the heaps thrown from the top of the cradle consequently consist of lumps of clay, from which the gold has never been extracted, as well as stone. A great part of the fine gold must also be carried away in the process of washing. The water at the head of the gully mentioned in my last report gives no sign of diminishing. It was generally reported on Saturday at the diggings that Mr. Goyder was coming up on that day t0 ascer tain the possibility of obtaining water by boring or firing Norton's tube wells, and also with a view of making better roads; but I now hear that he is expected to-morrow. There is a report that the publicans are to be served on Wednesday next with notice to quit. It was a great mistake, to say the least, on the part of the authorities to allow the sale of in toxicating drinks on the diggings. Many of the loafers who thronged the booths last week have now disappeared, and the place is much quieter in consequence. Is there no way of preventing pro fane swearing on the diggings as well as in town ? I have heard more oaths during the last fortnight than for many years previously. Opinions are very conflicting respecting the value and permanence of this field. Very much of the gold is not waterworn, and it is argued that there must be heavier deposits than any yet discovered in the reefs or hills in the neighbourhood. I hear of many diggers working in the Yatta and near the South Para, and I hope to he able to visit those Para, and I hope to he able to visit those places shortly. There were upwards of 1,500 licences issued up to Friday evening. Very few were issued on Saturday; but I have not ascer tained the number issued to-day. Several speci mens were exhibited to-day said to have come from a reef in the neighbourhood, but I very much doubt it, judging from their appearance. Three services were held yesterday on the hill behind the store. They were on each occasion well attended by attentive hearers. In the morning Mr. Drummond conducted the service; in the afternoon the Rev. C. J. Evans, of Gawler, who announced at the close his inability to attend next Sabbath on account of an engagement on behalf of the Bible Society, but that some other minister would supply his place. It was also an nounced that Bibles would be sent from Gawler to Mr. Lewis's store, who had offered to take charge of them, so that diggers might obtain that which he hoped many of them esteemed as better than gold and silver. Mr. Wilkinson, of Lyndoch, preached in the evening, and arrange ments were made for a service every Thursday evening. Kapunda, October 19. The excitement respecting the Barossa Gold diggings has prevailed here to a more or less extent ever since my last, and hundreds since that date have both gone and returned, and I have scarcely heard two of the latter express the same opinions respecting the gold-diggings. Some few seem to think that the discovery will turn out rich in the end, and others, again, appear to have no faith at all in it; but of course there are to be found or all diggings satisfied and dissatisfied persons, some lucky and some unlucky, and such has been the case with the people in this neighbourhood. I know of persons from here who have got, and are still getting, I believe, gold in payable quantities. I have just heard of a party of two (Messrs. Savell and Brewster) who left here about a week ago, having bottomed a hole near the Commissioner's tent, from the bottom of which, I am told, they obtained about 2£ ozs. This hole is 39 feet deep or thereabouts. I am told that several others from here are still making wages; on the other hand, I know for a fact that there are dozens from Kapunda that are not doing anything at all. I mentioned in my last that I thought of going to the diggings again, but my mates, who have been working there nearly ever since I left, about eight days ago, without the slightest success, have just returned with such a doleful account of the state of things that I have resolved not to try it again until I hear of some- thing better turning up than there appears to be at present. Rowett, Hooper, & Co., mentioned in my last as having obtained Sozs. of gold, having worked out this claim, have been working hard for the last week in the deep sinking on the hill near the Commissioner's, and so far, I believe, they have not met with any success, but they have not yet found the correct bottom. Should this party, and others who are now working the deep-sinkings, find gold, it is confidently thought here that the Barossa Diggings will prove of great value. Mr. Kemp, watchma&er; of this town, has now on view at his establishment three fine nuggets, which were originally purchased by His worship the Mayor (Mr. J. Pearce) at the Barossa. Mr. Kemp has also another lot of nice nuggetty gold, which was obtained at the-same place. Mintaro, October J9. The news from the Yatta Diggings has caused but little excitement in this locality. Several parties have paid a visit to that locality, but have returned, not being satisfied with the prospects of the place as a gold field. These parties had seen the Victorian gold-fields in their palmy days, and were not satisfied with the quantities of gold ob tained at the Yatta, although they believe that something better will turn up yet, as the country has a truly auriferous appearance. Port Wakefield, October 17. The migration to the diggings is affecting em ployers of labour at the present time, both Mr. Stone, who has the creek deepening contract, and Mr. R. B. Smith, the machinist, complain of the want of hands through others leaving for the "hills of promise." We now add a communication from "Veritas," a well-known and competent authority, who, writing on October 20, furnishes the following account of his experiences at the Yatta Gold-field, and states freely his opinions as to the value of the discovery, so that our readers may see all sides:— "Having read several varied and interesting accounts of the Barossa Diggings in newspapers and their boasted richness, I made up a party, and started to the El Dorado, thinking to return in a week or two well rewarded for my journey. We arrived on Thursday evening last, and pitched our tent beside a well-watered creek at the entrance. The same-evening my son, who has lived nearly all his life in Victoria on the gold-fields, and there- fore is no mean judge, went to make enqui ries, and his report was anything but en couraging. It was arranged that I should start off early in the morning to get our licences, and as I was desirous to judge for myself I made a very early start. There being no licences issued till 8 o'clock a.m., I leisurely examined every hole, and saw the-diggers wash their tubs of stuff. Having been one of the first on the Victorian diggings, besides being a resident on one of the gold-fields for nine years, I do not think it pre sumption in saying that I am a tolerably good judge of a payable gold-field. I found innume rable holes sunk in the main creek and in all the blind creeks running into it, also on the sides of the hills; in fact, in every direction men were hard at work, and so thick were the holes that had there been a lead in that direclion it must have been struck. I saw many tubs washed out, but no gold; in fact, I do not think I saw a quarter of an ounce of gold washed out all the morning. I took out my licences, and returned to my party very much out of sorts; for it appeared so very different to any thing I had ever seen, excepting in the labour, on other gold fields. My mates sunk a hole in the gully we camped near, and got the average amount of gold, namely, a spec to the tin dish. I then advised my son to spend the afternoon in making enquiries, and to watch the diggers wash; for it is difficult to deceive a practical miner if you are doing well. On his return he made up his mind to cut it on the following morning, as it was only waste of time to re main there. As his views coincided with my own, I was glad to hear of his decision. On Friday evening I went from camp to camp. The glare of bush-fires where the diggers were encamped and the white tents dotting the scene had a very imposing effect, and put me in mind of old Forest Creek in 1858. The first person I met told me that he had been there a week, and sunk several holes in the bed of the creek and had not got a grain of gold. He seemed an intelligent man, and he offered his tub for two and sixpence. We went together to the next camp. On the way a batch of 12 men passed us, who gave him a friendly recogni tion; they had all their digging utensils with them. These men lived near this place, and if they could have obtained wages would not have left. I went from camp to camp, only to hear of non-success. The statement of one party near the Commis- sioner's tent is worth mentioning. They consisted of 12 or 14 men—Burra miners - who told me they had been there a week, and sunk many holes on the sides of the hill, some 20 or 30 feet deep, besides others in the gully, and they had not a quarter of au ounce of gold; and they bitterly com plained of the newspaoer reports, which were patched up by the storekeepers and publicans for their own individual interests. They showed me a paper, where it stated that a payable gold-field had been found in deep sinking, but they could not find out where it was, and imagined it must have arisen out of the feeble brain of some storekeeper, as the only hole that had any gold worth men tioning in deep sinking realized a quarter of an ounce of gold out of 11 tubs of stuff, equivalent to about a load. The tents now were very thick, and my attention being attracted by the music of a fryingpan, and seeing a man with a regular Yankee hat on, with red shirt and long hoots, and the substantial fact of his having a dozen eggs in the said pan, I came to the conclusion that I had at last found out a lucky digger. There were several others with him round a blazing fire. He told me that his party had sunk many holes with no success. On approaching Petticoat-lane -a narrow lane of calico tents for stores aud public-houses—I met one party who told me they were satisfied, as they could earn a pound a day. The principal told me that they could not wash for want of water, but what they had done had paid them well. He informed me that his claim was a mile up the gully. Now it is a peculiar fact that near the head of this gully to a line a little above the Commissioner's the men appear to have payable holes. At that portion of the gully surface quartz crops out, and from near that point the gold appears to be so lightly diffused as to be unpayable. The appear ance of the wash-dirt is good, consisting of pipeclay and gravel, which is easily workable. In and on the side of the crest of the hills the wash-dirt is precisely like other auriferous hills—a conglome rated mass, which is difficult to work, and will not pay under £2 per load, for two men could not get more than a load per diem. You can get the colour wherever you sink; but, as far as my my observation goes, it will not bear the shadow of a comparison with a Victorian gold field. I peeped into the public-houses in Pettieoat lane. There appeared no rowdyism; all was quiet and orderly—too quiet in my humble opinion for a profitable gold-field. Hundreds of diggers left on Friday, aud it was predicted that in another fort night very few would be there. I may mention that the number of licences issued, according to the number in the head of my miner's right, is nearly 4,000, independent of which there are at least a thousand without licences. Now, if you will split the amount of gold raised altogether between Barossa and Jupiter, it will not, as far as I can learn, be 40 pounds, or 480 ounces weight, which will not leave two pennyweights per man since the commencement of the diggings." A worker on the ground, in a letter dated October 19, very strongly urges the immediate necessity of the water supply being settled, and suggests that great benefit would result from a small amount being spent in cutting the crossing of the creeks from the central part of the diggings to the creek running through in Pilgrim's paddock, where the toll is charged on land apparently Government property. Just above this paddock he says there is a good supply of water at a distance of not more than 1½ miles from the centre of the gold- field—not a great distance to cart the washing-stuff. He is convinced that if it pays now to wash with the water being used, the extra quantity of fine gold obtained would more than pay for carting the stuff to a good clear supply. Failing this, he then advocates the use of tube wells, the cost of experimenting with which would prove their value, and possibly lead to their adop tion in the interior, and result in the opening up of many parts regarded as dry and useless. He says in closing "If the Government do not do something in the matter the Barossa star will have a downward tendency until the return of winter. It would be a pity, in the present financial position of the colony, for the want of the expenditure of a few pounds, to leave for nine months buried in the earth the amount of wealth that there undoubtedly is here. I refrain from making any remarks on the pros pects of the diggings, as you are informed of their progress from so many who are in a better position of seeing the results of many of the parties' day's work, on whose testimony you can rely." On Wednesday our Gawler letter says:—"A German showed to-day 1 lb. weight of gold obtained as his share of the results of nine days' labour at Barossa Diggings." Auburn, October 20. As with other townships, the general topic is— "How about the diggings? are you going? and what do you think concerning them?" Some, as may be supposed, have that peculiarly hopeful disease, the yellow fever, and are on the qui xive to be off, while many have gone to give them a fair trial: but having returned say the gold-fields doubtless are payable if plenty of water was obtain able; but in the present state they are useless to a gold-field's population. It certainly is a good thing that water is pot at present obtainable, for hay and wheat harvest coming on rapidly it would throw South Australia back to a considerable extent, for, as may be supposed, every working man will take out a claim in a speculation which will very cer tainly be payable when in the wet season times are dull, farm work scarce, and petitions to Parlia ment for work for the working classes numerous. It must therefore be considered that "all's well that ends well," and that fortunately no water is obtainable for some time. I should be sorry to see legislators, bankers, merchants, soldiers, and storekeepers turning ont to reap, while the farming classes were toiling for that which at all times is an uncertainty. It must be considered that when a man can obtain anywhere wages to the amount of three-fourths of an ounce of gold a week that it would be unwise of him to resign that for the hope of getting perhaps an ounce a week or more. Experience has taught us that if 2,500 go to the gold-field for the purpose of be coming rich (and all do it with that hope), 2,000 either get none at all, or only sufficient to pay working expenses. If advice is allowed to be given I should fall into the ranks of those who have said, "Look before yon leap; stay a while, and see if the mass at present at Yatta can remain there and pay their way.'" If they can, then it must be unde niably stated that the gold-fields are paying. For several days last week "Joe, Joe, Joe," was the cry, and whoever passed down the main street was Joe'd to an extent which bordered on the ridiculous. 