THE PERIPATETIC PHILO- SOPHER. "Quidquid agunt homines votum timor ira voluptas, Gaudia discursus, nostri est farrago libelli." – JUVENAL. "Who shall decide when doctors disagree ?" asks a poet, "with whose name you all are, or ought to be, familiar. For my part, I give it up, and, like another gentleman (whom every schoolboy knows)," I pause for a reply." None is forthcoming. Let us therefore contemplate with respectful awe the commo- tions that agitate the doctorial mind. The unsavoury subject of their disagreement is a dead-house. I don't mean that place on the top of Mont St. Bernard (famed for its dogs), concerning which Peter Parley, the late Albert Smith, and other celebrated writers have dis- coursed ; neither do I allude to that establish- ment in Paris where Count Fosco was found, and when, according to the best authorities, Englishmen affected with "le spleen" are in the habit of resorting as an appetising relish to their morning's suicide ; but to that very un- pleasant hovel known as the Melbourne Morgue. Intermingled with this ground colouring, various other threads of dispute run hither and thither in the warp and woof of medical argument. A proposed Medico- ethical Society, the hospital regulations, and reminiscences of Dr. Thomas, help to compose the pattern of this curious piece of needlework. Now, I am not going to take up arms for either party – being a philosopher, don't you see, I merely snuff the battle afar off, and say simply, " Haha !" at the noise of the captains and the shouting. But touching the dead- house, I wish to utter a few words of wisdom. I cannot help thinking that the whole scheme is a deep-laid plot on the part of the doctors to get up a comfortable pestilence. We are constantly hearing of the pitch of civilisation to which Melbourne has attained, and it does seem strange that we have not succeeded in establishing such an indisputable evidence of our social civilisation as a good, ravaging, in- curable pestilence. I hasten to admit that the fault does not lie with the Government, whose unremitting exertions in the way of smothering all propositions for drainage reflect the highest credit on those distinguished statesmen, but still it cannot be denied that we have been remarkably remiss in our duty to ourselves and the colony with respect to pestilences. There seems to me to be no other reason for the proposed change. That the present morgue is utterly abominable and unfitted for "use" cannot be denied, but could it not be cleansed, or could not a new one be built ? Our paternal Government say they have no money (having incurred heavy expenses lately in the matters of special trains, payment of witnesses, and "inquiries" into unjust charges of bribery and penury among themselves), but the requisite amount of coin might be raised. There are cries for " more bodies." The medical Oliver has disposed of all available food in the way of corpses and asks for " more." Notwithstanding the tremendous gathering together of eagles, it seems to me that they have carcases enough. I will venture to assert that few anatomical schools in London are as well supplied with human flesh as those of Melbourne. I have heard of gentlemen in England "going snacks" in a good muscular thigh, or tossing the hazardous shilling for a " chest." Nothing of this sort is absolutely needful here at present. Nevertheless something most be done to appease the demons whom we have invoked, or they will turn upon us, and, like Othello, "tear us all to pieces." Figure to yourself a descent of the medical profession in search of "muscular bodies !" Horrible ! Surgery must have its pound of flesh, and if we cannot provide it with muscular pabulum we must take the terrific consequences. While on the subject of "bodies," I see that some poor fellow was picked up in the bush near Moyston, a little time ago, nearly dead from starvation. It is stated that he had been travelling in search of work for many peripatetic ! But the story about 'work" is a very old one. However, happening to have lived for some time near Moyston, and to know the country and the squatters thereabouts tolerably well, I take leave to remark that if a man dies of starvation on the Wimmers, he has no one to blame but himself. The Wimmers district is noted for the hordes of vagabond "loafers" that it support, and has earned for itself the name of "The Feeding Track." I remember an old bush ditty which I have heard sung when I was on the "Wallaby" :– "Hurrah ! hurrah ! for the feeding track, I've left the Avoca behind my back, "Hurrah ! hurrah ! for the feeding track, Hurrah ! hurrah ! for the Wim-mer-ra !" I have seen as many as twenty ablebodied hungry men come up to a home- station with the stereotyped inquiry, "Want any hands, sir " and receiving a reply in the negative (much to their delight), request, with a hitch- ing up of their swags and a half-turn back- wards, as though the idea had suddenly oc- cured to them, to be allowed to "stop here to- night, sir ?" and forthwith go merrily down to the "men's hut," and having smoked, eat some two pounds of "fat wether" per man, and probably abuse the cook for the style of the entertainment. I remember at one station, situated on the main road for "travellers," that the unhappy cook was "put on the fire" by a crowd of these gentry, and that on the adjoining run another cook received a sound drubbing with the butt end of a roast leg of mutton for daring to suggest that the gentle- men travellers should not pocket the bread. At the station where I worked for some time (as "knock-about man") three cooks were kept during the "wallaby" season – one for the house, one for the men, and one for the travellers, Moreover, "travellers" would not unfrequently spend the afternoon at one of the three hotels (which, with a church and a pound, constituted the adjoining township), and having " liquored up" extensively, stag- ger up to the station, and insist upon lodging and food – which they got. I have no desire to take away the character of these gentlemen travellers, but I may mention as a strange coincidence that, was the requested hospitality refused by any chance, a bush-fire invariably occurred somewhere on the run within twelve hours. Talking of bush experiences reminds me of the statement concerning the Hallelujah chorus indulged in by the aborigines, and the com- ments of Mr. Parker on the same. My humble opinion, founded on experience and consideration, is that " aborigines" are a mistake. The converted aboriginal is, if possible, rather worse, mentally, lingually, and sudorifically, than his heathen brother. The only thoroughly Christian blackfellow I ever had a personal acquaintance with, was named King Peter, and had a profound conviction, which no amount of argument could shake, that Queen Victoria was the Author of his Being. He was considered a triumph in the way of conversion. I have known several aboriginals who laid claim to lesser distinction in theological knowledge, but who were never- theless thought to be very fair things in Christians by the simpleminded Moravians who had instructed them, but as they employed their newly-acquired knowledge principally in the composition of curious and startling execrations, and used the formulæ given by the Church, as explanatory of difficult and essential doctrinal points, as charms for the persuasion of refractory bullocks, I do not think that they were fully up to the standard of piety insisted, on by many of our divines. If we are to convert the heathen, let us do so in a reasonable manner, and not "play at conversion," like children with a new toy. The "Gib it Hallelujah, give it blanket !" argument is exactly the one that should be used. There is too much " Hallelujah" and too little "blanket" at the present time ; by and by the question will settle itself – in a very short time there will be no blackfellow to con- vert. It seems to me that the difference between the negative benefit of Hallelujah and the positive and absolute one of blanket is ap- plicable to a great many persons. I think that if the truth was known, a great many of our learned divines and pious men of clerical persuasion mentally exclaim " gib it blanket." I am loth to seem to attack a body of men who as a rule are honest and sincere, but I am terribly afraid that in Victoria then are many who prefer the blanket to the Hallelujah, I am sure that Mr. Beer does. While on the topic of clergymen, I may mention that I saw the other day a copy of a letter, written evidently by a high dignitary of the Church of England, and it is remarkable for its delicate handling of a delicate subject. It appears that some person desires that his child should be brought up in the Roman Catholic faith, and that the child desires to be brought up in the Protestant faith. This orthodox infant being at the Industrial School at Bunbury, the temperate dignitary before mentioned writes a little note to the father, and after telling him not to condemn his child to "a degrading superstition'" and the "doom of an apostate church," recommends him to get his own sins pardoned as speedily as possible – "at any rate not to dash his children in the lake of fire." It has always been the boast of the English Church that her teachers are refined, educated gentle- men, and that she rules by convincing the intellect, not alarming the imagination. Protestant zealots are very fond of draw- ing lurid pictures of the priest rampant. with bell, book, and candle, cursing everybody with terrible curses. It should be gratifying to every Christian gentleman to find that, however much a Protestant clergyman may differ on doctrinal points, he never allows sectarian vulgarity to take the place of lucid argument or Christian charity, and that how- ever much he may remember that he is a priest, he never forgets that he is a gentleman. It is a pity that the name of the writer of the pretty writer I have quoted should not be given. I had wished to say something about Mr. J. Fawkner and the old colonists, but find that "unusual pressure on our space compels us," &c.; I daresay Mr Fawkner will keep until next week. By the way, I was credibly in- formed the other day that a distinguished old-colonist and writer, whose brilliant imagination and exquisite descriptive powers have cheered and solaced many a home, was travelling on the Continent, and asking for his hotel bill, found that the landlord, struck by his august port and princely bearing, had apostrophised the name of his guest, and eliding the final letter, had inscribed him as "Milor St. Ubb !" Q. 