MONDAY-DZECEMBE 28. Before the pollee.magistrate. SMary Kelly, on ball, appeared charged with steal SIn a £lnote. r Mr. Cannon for the prosecution. S: Constable Wbhealy deposed: I arrested defendant on thea28th instant under warrant charging her Swith stealing a £t-note, the property of Christian SLast i sheonly said " very well, I'll go with you.". I. Mrs. Barah Last deposed On Thursday last de ,:fondant came to my house to put up some curtains she said hbe had not a penny, that she had to borrow 8s. for Christmas; I had a £1lnote and some silver in a drawer; saw her at the drawer during the time she was putting up thecurtains in the room; missed the money next morning; she saw me going to the Sdrawer for money several times; I offered to lend her some crockery on Thursday as she had none I on i OChristmas day I went'to her house, and she had a whole lot of new crockery; ,1 heard at Farner's that she bought things, and I went to her house to ask her to give up to me the money stolen or part of Sit, as I did not want to go-to court, but she refused, and her husband laughed; the note was a new one, my husband's property. .. * ' , ,To defendant: I and my two children were at your. house. to dinner on Christmas day; I did not say the £1 was in the drawer when Mrs. Phillips was at my house; there were a woman and girl in my house on Chrlstmes eve; the woman was sitting onthe couch; Mys. 1'hillips was not at my place drunk; the van.drivers bad not three bottles of ale at my house; I told you the note was not mini, but I meant it was my husband's. Emily Forner deposed : I saw defendant at my father's house on Thursday evening; she brought crockery to the amount of lit.or 1?5. and paid with ,a tl.note; can't say whether the note was new or old, dirty or clean; she took the crockery away with her; I would not know the note aRgan." ,* Sarah List re-called t The £l.note produced, Swhich I pick out from a number of notes, i one like that I lost; I believe it tobe the one I lost. , Owen Furner deposed I produce a,number of notes taken from my drawer; these were the taklogs (a large roll of notes) at my shop on the day before Uhristmas.. S'risoner elected to be dealt with aummarily, and was sentenced to seven days' imprisonment in Goul. burn jail. - .. . SOwen lolMahon was charged with beating his wife."+: o ' M . r. Oannon for the defence. . Constable Wheally deposed I arrested prisoner S'on the 20th Instant under a warrant, charging him with assauldlln his wife. ' :Richard ,aywood deposed i On Christmas night I saw prisoner's wife lying down and he was bitting her with a stick over the head he then kicked her Swith his foot twice, and I heard her shout; it was 'after tea.time. ;' .. t * Mrs. Mary Itaywood deposed : I lsaw prisoner t ehase his wife out into the yard, throw her down * andistrike her with a stlck' I did not hear her .s cream, asI am hard of hearing; he kicked at her twiee. ' ' Defendant was sent to Jail for one week. ,1!o William Gategood for drunkenness ws fneod o. Mary O'Brien was charged with a breach of the ' Towns Police Act by allowing a horse to stray.,. Willlam Wildgust was charged with keeping a disorderly house or brothel. Mr. Gannon for the defence. Senior-sergeant Fenton deposed : In consequence of complaints made to me I went to prisoner's house in Cowper- street and saw two prostitutes there ; they appeared to be the worse of drink; there were some men there, one of whom had just come out of jail ; defendant promised not to keep a disorderly house, but complaints have since been made. The information was allowed to stand over for a fortnight by the bench, when if any more complaints were made against Wildgust, he is again to be brought up. INQUEST - On Friday Dr. Waugh hold an Inquest i 'on the body of an aged woman named Mrs. Donner, (?who bad beenresiding for some time in the lane "o known as Marsden's Alley. The poor woman had i had. an attack of, dysentery, and waes ili.c fur several days. On.Oritlmae.eve a nelghbour.sent lie children to tee how she ws, and they saw her sitting in her hoose apparently asleep. On exami nat`co, however, it was found that she was dead. A verrdiet was returned that deceased had died by the visitation of God. Mrs. Bonner was the widow of a soldier who serred in the Peninsular war and at Waterloo. INQUEST ON A FIRE.--On Monday Dr. Waugh held an Inquest at Mr. Jones's Star Hotel on a fire which occurred about three o'clock on Saturday morning whereby certain outhouses, namely a etab kitchen and bedroom in Orafton.street the property of hMr. John Morgan, were destroyed. The kitchen was used by William Ifoeben, who resided in part of the house occupied by iMr. Miorgan, and it was all right when the parties went to bed. About three o'clock they were awoke by the noise of the flames. The exertions of the people about prevented the fire rpreading, but could not save the premises in which it originated, which were destroyed. The property therein belonged to Ilogten and.wes worth £5. The buildings were not Insured. There was no evidence to show the cause of the Are, The jury returned a verdict accordingly. SUnct.LAIsED LETTEn.--ist of unclaimed letters lying at the following pot-offi.eces:-At Collector ir. John Wheeldon, Currawang Flats; David I'aton, Weollogorang; Alex. Paton, Wollogorang; Denis Sheen; Chas. lio Kinlay, eoro or Collector; Jeremiah Field, dlillbank; W. Molrton, storekeeper, Cooma or Collector; David Miarshall, care of Mrs. E. lHurst; Wm. Hasyes, Millbang; Thos. Dun, Millbank near Collector l Philip Gormon; John Donn; Win. Elliott; Thomas Carolan, Taradale; Willim Apps Jun.; Lanty Rlyan; Mrs. Peter hfylln, Violet lan k, lake George; Mrs. Jane O. Gray; Mliss E. Orocock, Tarsgo. At Sutton Forest-M-lr. George Wilson, fMr. Edwin Chareworth, Mrn. T. W. hickey, AMr. Winm. l'rier, AMr. Edwd. O'Brien, J, If. Osborn Esq.. lrs. O. Conlan. Sons or TeersxncE l'sIcntc,-Oa Saturday last (Ilouing.day) the Sons of Temperance gave a publio pienio in lIackshaw's paddock. The day was beau. tifully fine, being free from the exressive heat with which Goulburn had been visited for the previous two or three weeks.. There was a very large attendance. Various amusements were provided, such as swings, foot.ball, &o.; A cricket.match was also got up between an eleven selected by Mr. Pursehouse and a like number chosen by Ar. Sibson. A single innings only was played, the sides proving to be very uneven; lMr. 'Purehouae's eleven having proved themselves far too able for their opponents. Bletween twelve and one o'clock luncheon was served up in a large marquee erected for the purpose, and a goodly number of people sat down to partake of it; but we regret to say that the fare provided was an'thing.but creditable. Tea was on the table at five o clock, when between three and fuur hundred persons sat down. This was got up in good style, and the company seemed to be highly pleased with the arrangements. After the tea addresses were delivered by several gentlemen.'. The National Anthem having been song, the company. began to disperse. ICsntex.-On Saturday last a match was played in Sydney between eleven members of the Southern (Goulburn) Cricket Club and eleven of the Civil and Military Club. We have not received the score, and the match is not referred to in the Sydney papers; but it was won by the civil and military by a very large number of rune. The Southern Club are stated to have been particularly weak in their bowling. ACCIDENT.- On Saturday last Mr. Charles Thomas of this city was in company with a few friends at Ir. Webb's Inn, Yase road, where there had been races. After the sport dinner was laid out in two rooms. Mr. Henry Blackshaw wished Mr. Thomas to come into the room with him, whileiMr. Thomas preferred the other. They commenced skylarking, and Blackshaw lifted Thomas off his feet to carry him into the room; Thomas getting his feet to the ground got Blackshaw on his hip and put him gently down, but in coming down himself his right leg got caught under Blackshaw's and it was broken just above the ankle and about an inch below where it had been broken twelve or eighteen months before. Mr. Thomas was at once brought into Goulburn, and Dr. Perry was sent for and reduced the fracture, leaving his patient as comfortable as could be expected under the circumstances. Bonocolt Cov?cI.--The council met on Thurs day last. Present-Aldermen Horn (in the chair), Miarsden, Gale, Richards, and Lord. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. A further report from the city surveyor was read on the' formation of Auburn.street and the materials for constructing it, stating he had examined all the places from which material could be obtained for ballasting, and felt assured that unless the material formerly recommended by him or some similar material were used all connected with It would he ashamed of the work. After discussing the matter for some time Alderman Gale gave notice of motion for the next meeting- that the motion of Alderman Ilichards passed on the 17th December be rescinded. Buesna.rIRee.-For some time past bush-fires have been veiy numerous throughout the district; and much loss of grass and fencing.has been the result to the settlers generally, . Although there have been appearances of rain for several evenings none has yet fallen. Mr. D. Chapman of liangalore is said to be a very heavy loser. . , : CARnRIA?E*enED, GOLInURN ?H AILWAY*STr" IONro. The tender of Mr. F. Horn for the erection of the carriageeshed at the Goulburn railway.station has been accepted by the governmentau' AMUSEMENTS ON BOXING DAY - On Boxing-Day races were held at Mr. Webb's inn near the Run of Water and at one or two other places in the district. Cricketing and other sports went on as usual on holidays.. Mr. Grunsell of Stewart's Gardens brought into requisition a new boat on the long and beautiful reach-of the Wollondilly adjoining his place;: The boat is a very excellent and remarkably safe one, and was largely patronised on the occasion. The picnic of the Sons of Temperance was the most frequented resort of amusement, particulars of which will be found in another paragraph. Tnu MAtL ron Eveors by the P. and 0,' Com pany's steamer Avoca, will close in, Sydney on Friday next.". Letteis from Goulburn Intended to go by this opportunity must be posted by tomorrow, and from places further in the interlor on a day cor. respondingly earlier ...., l)actCcnvu'sA'PAxonAMA illtitrative of Milton's groat poem of I'aradise Lost will be exhibited here this and two following evenings In the' hall of the mechanice'lnstitute.. , .,''.... , Rn.ntranatnuslue or Tn Gouvauon 'aMuico. ratLtT.-Commemoratlve of the re.establishment of the Goulburn municipality the aldermen have deter. mined to erect in the Market.square opposite Messrs. Emanuel's store a stone pillar or obelisk, bearing, we believe, the inscription " Davies, Mayor 1868.' ItRA IN JANUAar.-The'following statement of the rain that has: fallen I. January during the period o five years has been furnished by a gentleman of this neighborhood t Januar 0. A thanderstorm-It rained about ta houra 8 2 A hesav sntower e rrta terore oabreako. s 4. A. msrtstrower Int arteroon. , 1. Levrat heavy showers of ra today l a, H ,.s . eomrin Ithak eteern to dayn.thb oo Jaurry f A heavythundrsdytorm. his h,. . r, at' rl Itatued spattlyt Oll da . , , ts. Shueryl. n ' hm " ito. Otatute to-atght. · ? + + : r ' Jauary 1. A thudtaetorm rased l tbout thbe houris , 1r.A th adrstoru--raeed tomanght about twuaety . er mlauto press, news ra ce us of his d. , It .he A steady rata all day.h-reek r.. o nnnstrog. b o . A htary ttucadsltotm a foreaooe--ll ht aihowee J....rr ow, A tfuodrIntrmon nrldrS hrtll? aboot cemhtu ,. B worry at ntpht ant.ds , y .i 12\. telstiate rnooes. 10\. A hsrvy storm o ed, halt, atod ratn. r isi. A htavy thandvetorm lat nlltthr ', - ,, ' Ol s drtsulglnl honw 00 ThuerlInatow?l sn afteroon . a - SAD ACCIDENT.—We regret to have to inform our readers that Mr. P. Maloney junr. of Stony Creek, met with a serious accident on Wednesday last. He was out riding that day in the neighbourhood of Nerryallen ; and on Thursday morning his horse re turned home without him. This circumstance very naturally aroused suspicion; and a search was at once instituted. After some hours of pursuit, Messrs. Drumgold and Jones found him in a helpless state, with his face exposed to the sun, evidently in the same position in which the fall of the preceding day had left him. Mr. Clifford was at once sent for, and pronounced the young gentleman to be suffering from severe concussion of the brain.—Just as we were going to press, news reached us of his death, and the terrible distress into which the sad event has plunged his parents and family. His remains will be conveyed from his late residence at an early hour to- morrow, for interment in the Catholic cemetery here.—Burrowa Express. +.+ Cttiirtia r Eneutoan; GrnlniDri.--It Is an on. doulabls fact that the tev- crcnd'Mr, Ilulbcrtas pae. toral visit to OGodagatP as had the effect of causent the churchwardens and other ofmere.bearers to send their unconditional resignation to the Dishop of the diocere.-O undsgsl Times. CoOZETAnCC or MlALe.--The following tenders have been accepted for the conveyance of maile Western Roads Cowra, Goolagong, and Forbes, three times a week, W. Worner, on horiseback, three years, £200 per annum (in lies of K. o. . Oum. sings tender). Southern Roads Railway station and post5flci, Nattal, three times or oftener daily, Thomas Viles, on foot, one year, £19; Isy. Wan. ganella, end )eniliquin, three times a week, Cobb and Co., by coach, three years, £1000 per annum; IDeniliquin, Mloams, and ebcheoa, six times a week, Cobb and Co., by coach, three years £1000 per annum . Winecarribee and Mceollom's, twice a week, Robert Johnston, on horeelack,one year, £13. A contract has also been entered into with F. C. Hlawkins, of Rockley, for the conveyance of the mails once a week, between Rockley and Swallow's Nest, for the annual amount of £32. Drrtrr'RfeosaeAu.-Mr, IHenry Alexander May. nard has been appointed acting.registrar of births, deaths, and marriages for the district of Forbes, vice Parker, appointment to take effect from 16th instant: DssTIL.LA'o~.-The final return of persons licensed under the provisions of the Act 13th Vitq torti, No. 27. to distil brandy from wine, the produce of their own vineyards for the year 1868, includes the names of Christopher Lints, Irrawans', Ray enond Terrace; Felice Sealir. Aralnen; Elizabeth Vincent, Waggs Wsgga; William Medway, Oar. way, Dalton. 1 LOtso:n?aE.-Ofondsy.-The Argus to-day, In a leading article, animadverts strongly on Mr. I'prkes for alleging that a conspiracy existed.-The Inquiry by the pilot board into the circumstances of the col lipion between the Alexandra and'the schooner Cleopatra terminated to.day. Captain Paddle is exonerated from all blame.-Mv Dream and the airl are equal favourites for the D?rbye ; Fireworks ls much fancied for the Port Phillip Stakes. Mr. Gordon ridea labbler. Fenella Is scratched.-There is some excitement in sugars owing to Mauritius advices; there are no vessels loading, and prices are advancing.-Telegram to S. H. Ierald. : ATllLRTIOs FEAT.-An exceeding clever and well. executed feat was performed in Yaps on Wednesday by a young man, a farmer from Orabben Gullen. I[e piled up two rows of weights to the height of twenty.-seven inchbs, and after placing a straw at the top so as to connect them, took a 66.lb. weight in hand, and with a standing Jump cleared the straw without touching it..We question whether there are many people in the colony who could go and do likewise.-lhass Courier. ATTvr.urrn soICIDE.-Iletween eight and nine o'clock on Wednesday evening a married woman, named Franklin, who lives with her husband' in Dutton-street, attempted to commit suicide by throwing herself into the river; near the spot known as Ililly's Croesing.place. It appears that the woman, who Is a diosipated character, and has been drinking for the past four weeks, was suffering from an attack of delirium tremens, end on the evening in question was about to retire to her bed,at least so It is supposed, from the almost nude state of her person, when she ran out of her.houeo and made with all speed towards the river, Into which she Jumped, thsowing herself on her face. Had she stood erect the water would not have reached higher than her middle. She was followed by a number of neighbours, some of whom appeared to have joined in the oraie, and was ultimately dragged out by. Michael Kenny, who lives close by. Had the deluded woman chosen a waterhole a little further down, she would have had a better chance of accom. plishing her purpose. At It is she escaped with a ducking and a lodging In the lockup.-Yess Courier. Tisn ADVANTAGE Or CAREFULLY PrEPARIoN Wool.-Some short time since we noticed the very' clean and superior quality of this season's clip on the station of essrse. Clayton, lume, and Clayton, Frankfleld, near Gunning; and more recently we were enabled to publish a full and interesting de. scription of their new.washing apparatus. It now affords us great pleasure to record the high position the clip has taken, notwithstanding the present de. pression in the local market. 'A portion of the clip was sold by Messrs. Mort and Co., in Sydney, on Thursday, the 17th Instant, as follows:--eO over FRH, 9 bales, locks and pieces, at 8td.; 35 fleece, at 171d. This Is lid. over the highest price obtained for other fleece wools at same sales, and id. over Melbourne prices according to the latest telegram. This, we think, proves conclusively the value of the Improved system of washing, the general adoption of which will place thousands of pounds annually to the credit of the. woolgrowers of these districts alone. The very satisfactoty result'so speedily attending the laudable exertions of Messrs. Olsyton, HIume, and Clayton must have a beneficial influence on the wool.growers who have neglected to avail themselves of. modern' appliances for thoroughly washing wool before it is shorn, and must lead to a marked improvement in next season's wools. In the home market Australia's reputation, so far as the getting up and quality of wool Is concerned, is at stake, and something must be done-and we are glad to say, is being done-to recover and sustain the credit of the colony In thisarespect, by Judicious breeding from pure stock and getting the clip to market in the best possible conditlon--Yass Courier. 8 LkE oP LEAExs. - A sale of leases of crown lands was held yesterday before the local land agent, at the court-house,; Yass.. The upset rent was £1 per section of 640; acres." As will be seen-by the prices realised :there was a keen competition.' The land Is situate at Orabben Gallen, county Ring, parish of Winduellah. Lot I, 6d0 acres, £5, pur. chaser Thomas GOlennan I. lot 2,.1030 acres, £56 s., same purchaser; lot 3, 850 acres, £5 6a.; purchaser, Michael Hlewitt. ' ' . I T4iu B tLran?R: MINES, - Mr. Manton; Captain Honey, and a gentleman from Melbourne acting as agent to the newly-formed company, have', been in town this week .completing the, purchase: of the Primrose Valley mines and effecting arrangements for the immediate commencement of full mining operations. 'We understand Captain Honey's speou. lation in the purchase of the mines from Mr. Gibbs hal proved exceedingly fortunate. lie had virtually bought the mines, In the first place, for the sum of five hundred pounds and a one-twentleth share, but no money exchanged hands., lie then proceeded to Melbourne and reported 'the discovery, which re suited in the sending up of anr en lneer to reporton thematter. The report being highly favourable, negotiations were entered into with Captain'Honey, an 'a purchase of his interest resolved upon at a fabulous pricwhbich we are not at liberty to state. It wastalso resolved by the company to raise a suficient capital, towards which upwards of twenty thousand pounds was at once paid up.. Matters are now completed so far as the transfer of the property is concerned, Captain Ioney having received from the company's agent the price agreed upon between them, and havlng.on his part paid,the purchase. money to Mr. (ibbs. We also understand that Mr. GiOlbbs, having been called upon to pay up a thousand pounds upon the shares reserved to him, has.prs. ferred to sell out, and has accordingly done s> at a good figure.. WYe are Informed that the works are to commence without delay, and on an' extensive scale and we only hope the richnees of these mines will, as the works progres, continue to be proved, in which case the prosperity of the town and district will be greatly enhanced- Queanboyan Age;'.:o= SUICIDE AT BURROWA.—A feeling of utter astonishment pervaded our usually quiet community on Wednesday afternoon last, when a rumour went abroad that Mr. William Mathews had suddenly terminated his earthly existence by shooting himself. The rumour proved but too reliable. A few persons entertain a belief that the rash act was the result of temporary aberration of the intellect ; yet the cool, determined manner in which the deed was planned and executed would lead to a different conclulson, as the jury considered on hearing the evidence elicited at the inquiry on Wednesday last, a report of which we subjoin. From it our readers may learn all the particulars, ascertained in connection with this melancholy event. The deceased was yet in the prime of life, having prematurely closed his career at the early age of thirty years. He was born in Newcastle West, county Limerick,, Ireland and came to Burrowa about four years ago. He re mained here until shortly after last Christmas, when he proceeded to Sydney, but returned on learning of the mysterious disappearance of his sister-in-law Mrs. M. Mathews. He arrived from the metropolis about two months ago, and since then has been in charge of the premise known as the Burrowa Hotel until the finding of the remains of Mrs. Mathews. It would be idle to attempt to fathom the motive that influenced the commission of a deed that has created such intense surprise ; we can only hope that he may be pardoned for a crime that all Chris tians regard as one of the most heinous offences in the criminal calendar. The following was the verdict of the jury:—"That the deceased, William Matthews" came by his death, on the evening of Wednesday, 23rd December, by a wound from a pistol-shot fired by himself, and that his mental condition at the time was such as to render him un accountable for his act."—Burrowa Express. IMrorDnn AT D0oo, on 21st December, from Dry Plains, by Mr. D. Berytton, out of growing crop; sam due at date of notice, 0s. 65. each: Chesnut horse, broken-in and collar.marked, branded like 0 over CJ near shoulder, like 4 re. versed on ribs near side; chenout mare,hind legs white, little white on off fore foot, blaze down face, white spots on back, white spots on neck, abed all round, broken.in, branded R near shoulder. To be sold 14th January. lMroxrnEo AT Jrosoxo, on 17th December, from Coppabella, by order of J; Lehane, Eqg.; Ium due at date of notice, 10s. S. eanch:-Bay horse, star, pulled tail, off fore and near hind feet a little white J[ near shoulder, broken.in, about 7 years old, 14( hands high; light hay horse, star, pulled tal, slightly harness and hobble marked, WE near shoulder, aged, about 1~6 hands high ; chesnut pony horse, long tail. large star and snip, saddle and girl marked, like ED off neck, aged, about It hands blgb,-notice sent to supposed owner; bay pony, star and snip, white on feet, like O over 66 near shoulder, Pit (the P reversed) conjoined off shoulder, saddle and hobble marked; roan colt star, nn broken, OIover OP near shoulder.--Also, on 19th December, from South Bundarlo, by Mr. J. Franks; suomdue at date of notice, 7s. 6d. eachl-Brown and white bullock, MU off thigh and ribs, ^ over B off loin, top off the off ear, apparently a worker; white steer, eOG off ribs, O off neck, off ear marked. To be sold 14h January. IMuoUnntD AT MAsRExoo, on 18th December, from Bentirk Morrell, by Mr. Thomas Tout i sum due at date of notice set after each animals-- ay horse, 6 over T off shoulder, star-9s. 6Gd- Also, same date, from faercnro Station, by J. Iroughton Eeq. -DBlak horse, WW over M over AB or AD near shoulder, I off shoulder, white feet, star, white spots under saddle-7s. 01, To be sold 14th January. . Irou?Nen AT "MRlcnaltrnHoun, on 19th Decem* her, from Kittlearara, by order of D; UI. Campbell, Esq.;J.P, ;'um due at date of notice set after each animal :--lay horse, 831 over like ; near shoulder, like T sideways over T near thigh, star, hind feet white, off ear cut, broken In--s. 9d. ; bay horse, - over IS near shoulder, 118 (the S reversed) off shoal. der, collar marked, aged, 16} hands high- Is. dJ.; grey mare, .- over IS over half circle over ono con jotied near shoulder, collar marked, aged-Ga. 9d.; chem?ut horse, JB near shoulder, stripe, docked tail, unoroken-Os. 9J.; black filly, like Jr both shoul. ders, unbroken--0. 9d.; black filly, JII off shoulder, star, near fore and hind feet white-9s. 9d. chesonut mare, JT near shoulder, bald face, three white feat, oil hip down, unbroken--O. d. ; bay rig, RG near shoulder, bald face, near fore and hind feet white, bell on neck, broken in-9s. Gd. To be sold 14th Jan. unry. IMcrov.?nr AT noarTu O oUNDAoI, on 14th Decem. her, from lluttama, by order of A. Droughton, Esq., J.P,; sum due at date of notice set alter each animal:-llar mare, JFA sideways near shoulder, small lump off shoulder, bell on neck, little white near hind fetlock-lls. Gd.; bay mare, By over Dy near shoulder--ls. Od.; bay filly, unbranded-9ga. ches. nut more, star, CE over Sy, off shoulder, DF near aboulder, off fore fetlock white--ll. Gd.' To be sold 7th January. - 