nonA'r--Novesuns,'3, 0. : . liaforo the police.magirtrate. John Fitzpatrick was chorted with indecent'aex. posure of his person on Sunday night last, In A'aurnu.treet, and was flned'ol"or fourteen days' imprronment.' lie went to gaol.' GJeorge Clarke, fors making are oefobreeree Ian. guoge in Auburn.street, on Sunday, was fined £1 or he imprisoned for soven doys. lie accepted the in. prisonment.' '",. Jamee Carey was charged with hoaing been drunic and disorderly In Auburn-atreet on Saturday night last. C'onsiabie WheaUl~" deposed: I'joined Constable Walker about nine o sleek on Saturday night; pria. oner was nasking a dlsturbncei two warders pointed him out aseaman who had been discharged from Ooulburn gaolonily a day or two preriously; ha askad me what 1 wanted 'with him as.I passed ; I had said nothing to him ;'he said ha wan frea and he'd let the b-y dogs see Iti I told him to go away. but he continued mnking a disturbance In frontoio fir, Emanusl's shop; I then laid my hand onbls shouider; and he atepped back as If to fight, nearly going through the shop window ; I arrested him. Constable Wheally. further stated; that as he and Constabla Walker were afterwards pauaing by MIr. Dall tha barber's shop; a man came out from there and asked for their. numbkr 'and' If they were on duty, an he Intended to reportthem 'to the ser. geant for ill.trentlng a man on the way to the lock up, and that he would call lr. Dall to prve it;seubsequently Wheally askad this man for his nome thinking ha wee some rowdy, when the man said hi name wan lIr, flail, a magistrate of the colony.'~ . Vaihe stated·,··I ; Oonstehle Wa1Lker stated The prisoner's condnct wae disorderlyl he said to another person that he was loose and he'd let them know it; there wan no violence used in arresting him.', ;" +' :" ,, f dward allmpshlre statedi I I*w priloner on Saturday night following the police and abusing them ; he was awearing; and he called them dogs; he resstaed a little at fir.t when arrested. -i '? Fined £2 or seaensdayc in gaol.' lie want to pricon. ( ''Thomas Thurston was charged with stealing.a ,hlrt from the front ef Mesrs. Cleary and Oash's atore on Saturdsy ecening last. '+ 'I' I " "'?Oonsteble WVhelly slatedl I met'prisoner on 5aturday: afternoon end asked :him If he was at l'Srherry sin; he taid yea, he came out of gaol that mormnieg In the evening! met him agaln near the loyal HoteWl he had eomething under his coat, and hetried to avoid mee I euppeted he bad stolen eometlhing and I called him, hut he did not eeem to heed me; he went round the earner, I followed and I saw him wiihout anything onder his coat, and the new shlrt (produred) was on the footpth: he eail he knew nothing about the shirt, end that I did not sue him steal it I seaw a portion of the shirt from under hi. arm two or three seconds previous; 1 arrested him, and )Mr. Cleary afterwardf claimed the shirt as his end ehowel mre where it had been bang. neg outside the window. " Contathie Walker stateig Ia we Onstabie Wheatly flilowlng prisoner on Stlurday last round MJr. Jaootu' corner, and the prisoner threw the ahirt on one side of the street. Denis Cleary statedl I reognire the shirt pro. doeal by the private murk as the property of Cleary and Oaahi there were three ahirta outuide the door hangingsp| Ite value is 6d.;'I did .not notiee prisoner about thoe hop. - .... ' Prisoner elected to be dealt with summarily. i|e said he we. In' gaol for drunkenness sad for uslng threatening language, but he wa never oonvicted of theft before, and denied all koowledge of the ehirt. Senteneed to be imprisoned In Ooulburn gaol for four months.' F?tAL AcCnzwrr.-On Saturday lst Dr. WaUgh held an ionqest at Mr. Oreen's Inn, MIorowollen, on the body of a railway labourer aged twenty~sereu and named John ilicks, who wu killed on the pre vious day at Barber's Creek. Deceased weu engaged In loading or unloading a dray with atone when a plank on which was a large block slipped, and the stone fell on him and crushed him to death at once. Deceed was unmarried. The Jury returned a vet diet of accldental death. SSttors Accmr'e.--A man named John Johnson, a Pruaien, aged about forty and unmarried, met wlth a severe accident on Saturday lost. lie wae engaged in drilling out a charge of powder for blasting which had failed to Ignite on the previous day, when it exploded, blowing Johnson off the ground and severely burnlng him. In addition to the borns there were a severe wound under the chin and other wounds on different parts of his body, but it is chiefly from the effects ofr the burns that danger Is apprehended. It was the first day that he had been engaged on the work. IIt was removed to the hospilta and attended to by Dr. Ilayley, who reports that although hardly out of danger he is progressing as well as the overse nature of his injuries kill admit. It may be remembered that It I. but a very short time back that an exactly eimilar accident happened to a man named Bath, In which case there were also one or two bones fractured though the burne were lees severe than in the present. - It may be added that Bath Is now convalteeeont. Aolee nsceer. ? c?ce..-A meeting of persoes favorable to holding races on Annlrersary Day was held last evening at the Royal hotel, when ofior. bearers Were appointed, and an adjournment tilt t.?morrow evening at nine o'clock was agreed to. There i a balance of about £O in hand since the last races; and it I. supposed' that two days' sport will be determined on. )Ie-onuCPAL VORsI 1te Avnnaec.e.Tnxr.-- Yeeter day some of the stone for the kerbing of Auburn street was brought in and laid near the corner of Ctinton.street. The contractors for the bridge at ihe south end of the street braing mude a start some days ago, as already mentioned in this paper, the municipal works may now be said to have been fairly commenced. t*-, :" . / ... ; .A Sc~la-It Is not very often that a scales Is found in the Immediate neighbourhood of the town. Such however was the case on Saturday maet. Two little boys of ten and twelve years oflage, eons of ,Ir. Oannon of the Old Townahip, went to bathe on that day in the Wollondlliy, when a brown snake about fire feet six Inches in length made his appear. ance'and palt himself In a threatening attitude. One of the boys wished to retreat; but the other said no, that if they did so the snake might bite the next person who came by. ?Ajoint attack was then mode on thereptile, which showed fiyht, but after some time wae killed by his young antagonists. Live' AneUxtce.--Sine the visit of Mr. Short, the Sydney agent of the Mutual Provident Society, there baa been quite an excitement on the subject of lif eaurance, and a hundred and four new appliea. tions have been sent In. When we eonsider that the per.centage of assurances was very, large In this district, that several companies hare long had active agents here, and that Mr. F,·. the local representa. tiye of the society with' which Mr. Short Is con.' nected and who Is a metr energelio agent, had already about two hundred names on hIs books, this Is an amount of suocess which could scaroely hare been anticipated. ·.*,, , , ' ' , , .. I-, . t Cattcer.--A maleh between the marrled and single cricketers of Qoulburn was. played on St. Andrew's Day In Paten's 're-oneurue pddock, which resulted in'a victory for the former by five wlckets. Luck certainly favoured the single men at the' commencement of the game, for they, not only retired :rom the wickets with the respectable total of slnty.three, but succeeded in putting the married men out for thirty-seven, which made the aspect of sffairs look gloomy for the" old foglis ;"hbut the strong advantage geilned In the first Inningsby their opponents seemed only to rouse up the married, as the renult of the neat innings sh0We.' The play on the whole may be conaldered good I and although several chances were not made uae of by some of the field, yet there were Instances of sume excellent catohes being token. For the single men, Chbisholm nudAllman did the bowling throughout, and Belocher and Oillesple for the married, with Payten at his post -over the wicket-where sa usual he kent things In their proper places. The batting of Williams and Waugh for the single, and Belcher, Riley, and Gillespie for the married was very good, particularly Belcher whose style with the willow was the admiration of all. Messrs. Morrow and Welsh for the single, and Gibson and Kennett for the married, officiated respectively as umpires and scorers. Con- sidering that the day was not observed in town as a general holiday, there was a fair sprinkling of spec- tors on the ground, who watched the game seemingly with great Interest. Several small sweepstakes were got up amongst them on the highest eotres on the different sides which added some little eaeitement to the proceedings. At the'conclnsion of the match between thirty and forty names were token down of pereons who expressed themselves willing to joina crilckstclub; consequently It was determined to call a meeting for this evening .for 'the purpose of forming a new club.. It was proposed on ths gronnd that a series of matches should he played on Saturdey afternoons ae ile customary in Sydney, oom' mencing at two p.m. Thereturn snatch between the n,?rried and single will probably commence on Saturda" week, and If uninlshed on that day will be concluded the following Saturday. The use of the rnre~course paddock has been kindly granted by Mcr, Payten tor cricketing purposes, which, with some little eapense, could be made one of the prettiest crlcket.grounds out of Sydney, The following~ls the scors- roan? l~llovo - vus , snoown swenovo, .. (hishatm, to, alt srit..,. ... . I run eot .... ....... Hoeborttm bt. elcher ..... 0' a. 5utrn, b. tlctror 0, D~lstlsht b tloteher . .,.....* 0, e rath, bOllinple T5eeer, raunut., ...,..,. - .......'8 ranout . rWulto, Ottllespto, b, Ditehr Iu s Glls.p'e, b Jtlehhr en WItatams, Troenry, b. OLiesple 0 , ti.tti . b Oillepie ., I; Aiworth, ob. ilhithr ....., ,. - 4 Lb w.,h titlespis.. Treadh, t. Ileher ...,. m,..;.,?.l e npte . Cr l db.aea llelther.., ' 7 a Cohen, bt. lolchsr,' 1 Atiman. to ltaeher.., ,,.,. 0 Oato st...,..... L Ollteepte not out ......,,.,,,,,, 0, aohno, b lultchar..9 IY? 91 I ltdes l,*u*,rn w L er:~· SL l; fRutlnningu.,. r·o 'Mi lfnliED t ~l, Dilty, b. Allman ... 010 LWeashb Chlsbolm I Treaery, rueno.........,.. a not eut,........... 8 Buttes, aFretnh; t Chhholm 0 oheno, a le, b AUmas ... 0. at. Weseh, b. Atluma ' tllteepte,a Chlsholm,b. Altman 1 rane Ot ...... ...... ., 1i Twyarm,.ru o et .,,,...,,,, 0 Lhw., b Altman ,.. 0 eratyes, b. Atima ...,.... 0 'eteot, b, Chthlm ,...0o..... n 0leteher, a ad b. AtIman..,.". '. , r eets, noonut ...... ..., . a o CraiLg b, Chhsiolmb 0 Dtleshr,e. a mlman, b. Chishotm it netot.t?....,,.. it Leg-~bye .-...,......,.....,.e. 1 niyes,2t ieg.toyes,u,.., / ? , . ... '-''*: ?.. . CS ....' i' t ÷s otes. List 07 UhecLtniar Lurttea lying at the follow. leg poat.offles t--Berrime -- Thomas .Lewls SEq., Inspector of collieries; Al~eander bstodrum; G eorge" Smith Wallaby Creek. Sutton Forest--Mr. William ho~rton, M~r. A. Mn Nell, Mrs. W.J, L.enter, Monsieur MerleFarmors Jarv, Mtr. Scott, . : Ooeosotoe ' rLtroatatu SoctzTr.--The monthly essays In connection with this aociety were toad o'n Monday sosninglaut, the vlce.president (Mlr, Mase. namare) in; the choir. 0 After the reading of, the minuttes and ether. prellmlnary beoniess trannacted, eesays were read by Mr. T, ltyan on the Qoulburn Lltears7 Srclot7 !fldbr ,'3 a e rD, an. on'lthe olootburn ILoarn. - Each "ompolilion called forth eonsiderable criticism from the few members preest. The emallnee of the attendance can be aeeonoted for br the fact that Mondly being partially obeerved an a holiday it counteraeted the attractions of the society. Bleloela for neat Mfonday evening Is a ministerial debate-Is Enaland Rising as a Nationt to be led In tbh aIfrmative by Mr. Chambers. Communicated. V'c'roaaa.--t irs gralIfylng to the numerous friends and admirers of hi. Nicolas Chevaller, the well.kaown ertist, to hear that a most kind ante. graph letter to him from P'risr Alfred has been re. raired by the mall; informlng himr of hi Royal ilishness'. intertion to leave England very shortly on his second voyage, and inviting I; Chevalier to meet him at Galle, where he hopel to arrlve about the 1st of February, and to accompany him thence to India. China, and Japan, and back to Australla, taking aketscbe for the Prince to rest.. Seeing the large choice open to the Duke of E~dinburgh, It is pleasing to find that his Royal Ilighnoen should have eeletted one whom we are Justified In calling so Victorian artist, to accompany. him on hile interest. ing enpedition. 31. Chevalier is at present in New Zealand; but will, no doubt, return on being made acquainted with hisr/oyal fligbnees' wishes. Tb. Duke is expected to be In Sydney about the lat of November nezt--We understand that ths active steps which have lately been talken by the lands dvpartment to recover, and sell at auction for the publio benefit, lands given years ago to religions and other bodies, for rpeeific purposes which have not been fulilled, are about to be followed up by stringent proceedings in other parts of the coiony, It appears that numerous roads have been fenced to and made use of-gates, perhaps, being left to per. mit of traffic--and that something like five per cent. of the land selected In some portions of the colony conniste of these appropriated roads. The attention of the department is now being given to the subject, with the intention of asserting the rights of the public in the matter. It has alee been resolved to proceed against those selectors under the Doffy Act who have not fulfilled ths obligation imposed upon them of effeeling improvements on their selections to the value of £5 per aere.--Melboerne Argue. ?, Tns T .usseL a ,tl ce.--Ilowever much it may be the habit of a certain section of people to Inveigh against raring men; whatever charges may be brought against them by the possessors of sltrs religious riew,, or disnppolnted turf speculators wn never heard the A.(tsret of the race.-ourse accused of cruelty to almals. "Tregonwell Frampton" did as we read, torture his horse after losing a match but since the timo of that "father of the turf." the turfitel of England have been free from all such, imputations, and wherever rmoounts have reached as of horses suffering or even falling dead after the performance of some auperequine tsk; we have seen that the persons who called upon their horses for the too great exertion were outsiders In ever" sense of the word- not members of what is called the racing eommuoity. No animal isocared for with such solicitude as the race.horse of the present day. .Ie is clothed and fed with the moat perfect and thought. ful regard for his comfort and well.doiog; nnd his health is watched with such anxiety, that the smallest ailment can hardly make its appearance before mea* sares are taken for counteracting it. The short races that have taken the place of the long ones onr ancestors Indulged In do not overtax the energies of the trained race.horse-hil work is not too severe for him-and, enrept in cosee of ill.tempered. animall, there can be litle doubt that thehorsel themselves thoroughly enjoy the contests in which they~take part. '" Per the last hundred years, we may say that the aim and end of English turfmen has been to ameliorate the conditlion and lessen the berthens of the noble animal they keep for their amusement and profit. Australia hab just succeed-d in placingon record her condemnation of the exlsting state of thingsein the shape of a Ten.mile Race; and the world Is told that the innovation, novelty, or what. ever else It may be called, wae a great and decided acesas.' Wherebythis success is shown, 'tie h ard adeed to tell. Denuoing the newspaper reports of the usual horsyverbiage, we arrive at sometblng ike the following facts. Three horses out of the dofze that contended were together at the end of the race; of these, two nearly stood still before the goal was reached, and at the much wished for moment the' conqueror had managed to stagger away from the others, about thirty: or forty yards. Although victorious, the owner of Australian regrets having run his horse, and would not do the like again for a price of thrice the +alue.: Riverina arrived at the .inunlng.pet third; and had to be supported, when ehe was allowed to stop, to prevent her from falling -a state of fatigue io which many other of the competitors wore likswise found. The rider of Comet-the second bores-was so distressed that he couid not see aher pansing the winntng.post whlch was the way to the stand; and of all the riders in the race, we are told that only the succeuful one wea able at the conclusion to dismount, or stand, without sasistance.' Troilus may or may not be dead, we hupe the latteri but it doese not alter the questlon. Ile, we are told, was eo nearly In rtleulao mort(# that he would not bleed at the neck, and to save his life, some Joints were taken oft hie tail. nis death was afterwards announced in the newlpaperl, andthe, report has been since contradicted; but, as we said before, whether heW died or not. matterl little or nothing for our argument. This distress of all the horses-even those that did not compete the daitanee \--ma terrible. The like hb:anever'been seen in these countries; the like ought never to be seen again. Such races ought for the future to be pre. rented, in some we,', if Indeed there be found turlf men to announce them; but we thlik, notwithatand. ing the succesa of this first attempt, that the Mncrrum bidgee Turf Club will give up the ideaof making this long distane race into a regular featurs. 1 The ex. hihition was pleasing to no one. The horses were rruelly spurred and punished; In some cases long alter all chance was gone. The. riders were so fatigued that none of them will cars to undergo the some trial of strength and~eonditton again. The spectators were sickened by the sight presented at thi close of the race, by the almost moribund horses, and utterly prostrated men ; and taken ae a whole we cannot find one single fair reason wby any one should ever wish to hear of another Ten.mile lRoe. In the lnterenls of thelturf we have felt it our duty to condemn this latest attempt at departure from legitimate racing. - The sportsmen of. Vagga wilt very likely find fault with ue for objecting to their novelty ; but feeling sure that the continuance of such races moat bring disgrace on the turf as a pastime, without being of the least benefit to any one, re can have no eecuse for concealing our an. qualified opposition to them.: So fur; the Ten-miie tace. has done but little harm, A repetition of it could hardly failof doing much. The cruelty hes been found nut by enperience; and those who wonld continue it cannot be free from blame.--Bell's Life. Iecnoton ntsna r D']3ratowv; - A cowardly said malicious act wal perpetrated on the night of Weneaday last, whlch renllted in the total deltrun. tion of? the log fence surrounding' Mr". Ilwltt's cultivation paddock, and also the growing crop and grase therein. Prom what we learn the fence seems to have been set on firs in half.a.donen places almost simultauneouly;i and preadlng fastand' furiously, the dsvouring element eoon embraoed +within it folds the growing cropannd erase withina the en. closure, butwu prenntesd from spreading:to the adJoinlng farms by the praisewortby enertions of a number of our townsmen, among whom might be diltingulshsd Meslrs. Ilanoock, +Clay '.Cougblan, tyan, lad Finegan, and but for whose timely aid eerloul' damage might have resulted to th neilgh. bouring crops.tair. Hewitt's suspicIons have been directed to a partlcular individual; and as this per. son is likely to be brought up charged withlhe offenee, we shall rsfraintlUi then from giving pubh licitv to' his name. : hre l[*witt offers a reward oe £20"for the onviotlion of the dasterdly perpetrator of the outrage; and it is to be hoped, whoever he may be, thathe will receive the reward the law metes to cowardly yindictiveneu of this charaoter. .This, we regret to sly, is not the only Instance. It 'hal be. come our unpllssing duty to itle that Mr.f lume has suffered in a like manner, but to a greator lxtent, by the vindlctlvness of some mndir dualwho, on Thnrsday Ist, Ignited the grass on the Castleateede nstate. ThL flames having spread with fiercs rapidity, over one thousand acres ofitbat.gentleman'e run hare been rendered' completely useless'for grating purposes, being now a blackened ;masl of burnt.up vegetation. .blr. Wotton, of irougbtonoworth, ha. also sustalned a serious loss, a largs portion of his run having been destroyed by fire duret g the week. in both oases.tbs fires are attributed to malicioul motlres; aod we therefore ferresnly hope that :the offenders may not succeed in eluding discovery' but that they mey soon, within the confines of a prlson, be affLrded an opportunity of meditating seriously on the 'folly af their epleonlio: maleolence. l Thb penalty awarded by the law for cowardly offencee of thil nature is by no means severe enough i yst we think that if the perpetrators of the present out·. rages are captured, the sentences they will receive pey prove bepetfioni;oand act as a waning to othes whose ilinntions might lead tben to lndulge In similar mslpnrtlces.-llurrowa Euprees Aciccnnze.--A sad aecident happened on Fdsy £tereooa to a MIr. Jeremiah o Asuli, a fsrmer at unadaroo. lie sad hi. brother, and a drier, ftrer haeing delivered three loads of wheat which they had sold in town, were going hnme with the empty teams, and when about three mile. out of town Mr. Jeremiah ie Auliffe, who was driving the second team, went to the back of hi. dray to put on the break on going down a hill, when he frightened tbe Ieading horsea of the team lehind him. and the wholeof the horses started off. - eAulsfae, to get cut of the way of their coming on the top of him, Rot under his dray. lisi own borse., however, hearing tbe other horse, coming at such a pace be hind them started off alsn, and the poor driver under. neath was run over, the wheel erashing and lacer. .ting him in a fearful manner about the lower por.· tlion of the abdomen and from that down to bhi t.highs The driver of the first team at considerable ulsk managed to hold his leading horses, and to draw en one side for the two frightened teams to pane him. One of the teams, of horaes ran tbh dray into a tre., breaking the ohafcs and committitig other trifling damages, and the other dray was capsized Dr. Moreton was summoned, and proceeded out to attend the injured man, who was removed to Mr. Ilrley'e, lraidwood lhotel, where his wounds were sewn up. It weu mairoculoos thing, from the nature of the inJurlies which we hear he he. receired, how he escaped with hi life.--raldwood Dispatch.' Woof- PnosaECra.-The Wagga WV'agga' Adver.' ulser soya --The telegraphic reports published in our last isuse of the continued fall in the price of wool, have confirmed ths worst apprehensions. It Is now beyond all doubt that, so far st any rate as inferior wools are concerned, the fall is likely to be permanent. It is no use hoping against hope; tbe fiat has gone forth, and the Australian squatter moat make up his mind to put his shoulder to the wheel and either produce firat.class wool or leave th difficult and dangerous task to thosa who can. The reports of the sales are to this effeet-that there was an immense quantity of wool In the market, and that a sort of deud.lock between buyers and aellers had occurred, the former, of course, trying to take all the advantage offered by a glutted market, and the latter, where possible at all, holding in some in. definite hope of a change for the better. We are very much afraid that they will be disappointed. Wool from all parts of the world has poured into the market, until the supply has far exceeded the demand, and the probabilities are that the next season the diproportion between the two will he even larger. The one cheering fact is that, accord. ing to the latest telegrams, there is an increased demand for fine wool. On the other hand there is not much reason to suppose that the demand was likeiy to be satisfied. Fine wools, it seems, have veased to be, so far at least as Sydney is concerned. The Sydney wool is described as especially faulty; and many a squatter, we fear, will have to mourn the psnny-wlse and pound.foolish policy of sending an indifferent article to the market, when with a little' more trouble and expense he might have sent a good one. All this points to one conclusion,'vin., that ii the buainess of wool.growlng is to be carried on at all, it must be conducted upon a totally differ. ent caale. Like eeryothn ustry it must kp puce with the spirit ad the skill of te age. T ran only be done by 'a liberal Investment of capital. The most simple apbpliances for'wooi.washiug cost money; and enfortanately, simple sppliances will no longer' sumce. Everything that experience can suggest, and skill and money carry out, most be done il the producer is to be successful. 'We have not the least doubt that in many instances he will be successful; but there will be many chinces to be run, and the victory will not be an easy one.' In the meantime, those squatters who have no capital, or who will not or cannot employ it as it should be employed, must be prepared for a herd, and we are afraid, a hopeless struegle. ' The prospect is not a pleasant one; but on the other hand, there may be good in the present evl,'if it has the effect of stimulating enterprise and forcing squatters to greater efforts in a better direction than they have ever hitherto been in the babit of making. . WoWAOOA Aoo lionano STORO.-A large quan. tity of gooda has been received at the bondedatore during the week. We sincerely hope this will not bring about a rupture with our friends over the hor. der, who,' we observe, are gravely complaining that in opening a bunded store at WVagga Wvugga the New South bVales government have broken faith with Victorl. Perhaps the government will have' the goodoess to apologlse, and by way of compensatlon remit the large amount of border duties now over due from the sister colony.--Wsgga WYagga Adver. liser. ' 0 , - FLOUt niPORtar Tna Caurs.-Tha Wagaq Wagga'Advertiser says --At the local mills a reduno+ tion of 20s. per ton has been'made in the price of flour, which is now quoted at £14 for fine, and £12 .Os. for seconds. In our own district the wheat crop is almost a total failure, and very few of the farmers have any hope of harvesting more than enough for seed. In a few Instances-and we regret to say they are very few-where the ground hasbeen manuredrand deeply ploughed 'and the seed sown early, the crops will be fully up to the average; thus clearly proving that to ensure any success in farm. log here, aslelsewbere, common'sense and industry must go hand in hand. 'A mere tardy raking of the surface, oe as it is better deslgnated, the" pig-rooting and hen.scratchingp" style of farming that has pre vailed so long in:Neew South Wales can result in nothing but discomfiture and ruin. For the enaulng season our millers will have to look beyond the neigbbourhood for supplles? which fortunately are not very far distant, for we lesrn that in the districts of Cooramundrn, Tarcatta, and the Tumut, the crops are splendid.' A SAD ORaaun Tonocoin Dartx.-The Wanrr. nambool Enaminer has the following paragraphi The only case at the police court'during the past few days was a charge for being drunk and di,. erderly, brought against hlenry. Jerrold, a'compoai. tor, aged sixty years, brother' of the late., ?r, Douglas Jerrold,' the well.known author, 'The police.msgiatrate and'Mr.' Crammer' were on the bench, and the accused was diacharged on condition that he left the town.' ' lIe had been incarcerated it the gaol from Sunday till Friday, and a few hours after being at liberty he was seen at Allansford. lie is likely to tramp it to Melbourne, and'if he should arrive ihere it would be a charity for the Benevolent Asylum committee to give him a home. From 1838 to 1852 he was a pest-to the newspsper offices throughout England; and frum the latter year ep to the present time he hes been' a rambling outcast, travelhlng from South Australiar to Queensland, and bsck again. le was an accomplished scholar at collegei but his unfortunate propsnsity for alcohol has for over thirty years reduced him to a commom vagrant.' '' " ' Large bush.fires have for some'days past been raging nser Queanbeyan in the direction of Guods. rou.-Quea?.beyan Age.": <' " *+ ' ' "," + ". ' 