INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. NEW SOUTH WALES. (FROM THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD, DEC. 1.), DROWNING OF TWO BROTHERS IN THE HARBOUR. A very distressing occurrence took place in the harbour on Saturday even- ing. On Satuiday afternoon, Alfred Oatley and James Oatley, aged respectively nineteen and twenty-one years, sons of Mr. Frederick Oatley, of Woolhara, went out on a fishing excursion. They were accompanied by a younger brother and a Mr. Ball and his son. After fishing for some time in Rose Bay, a short distance from Point Piper, and night coming on, they began, about half-past seven o'clock, to make preparations for returning home. The younger of the two unfortunate youths, in attempting to haul up the kedge, which got entangled amongst some weeds, fell overboard, and sank almost immediately. The eldest at once jumped in after his brother, when, sad to say, he too sank, and neither of them, it is said, rose to the surface again. The eldest could swim very well, but the other could scarcely swim at all. The re- mainder of the party, after waiting for a short time, and failing to see anything of either of the two youths, hastened to the shore, and the melancholy tidings were soon com- municated to the parents. The police also were made acquainted with the occurrence. Early yesterday morning, several gentlemen resident in the neighbourhood went out in boats and commenced a thorough search for the bodies ; and the water police, on hearing of the accident, proceeded to the place where it occurred, and assisted in dragging. The bodies were found a short distance from each other, but not far from the spot where they went down. Both youths were very much respected, and their sad and untimely fate has cast a gloom over the neighbourhood. Very large tracts of country around Salo were swept by bush fires on that very hot day, Saturday, November 28. In the township of Salo heavy volumes of smoko enveloped tho streets almost iu darkness, and tho pungent odour of fire proved that a conflagration on a largo scale had approached within an un- pleasant distance of the confines of tho borough. It was not until some timo after tho sun had gone down, and a cooling sea breeze had set in, that relief was found from the relaxing heat and stifling atmosphere. When the lull particulars of the ravages of the bush-fires wero known, it appeared that no very alarming damage had been done. Tho flames raged with the greatest violence along the banks of the Avon, by Freostono Creek, Valencia Creek, and higher up by Mount Cruachan, and along tho Wellington and Macalister Rivers. The fire also extended to the plains in several places. The Mew burn-park run, on both sides of the Macal- ister River, was, for a part of the day, under the influence of the fire, but, by strong exer- tions on the part of the people residing in tho neighbourhood, the flames were subdued be- fore they reached too close a proximity to tho township. Several selectors, however, had their crops and fences damaged or de- stroyed. 