SCIENTIFIC. ? .. * THE TERTIAEY DEPOSITS OF* HOBAET TOWN. (coimMirBD;) Br S. H. WINTLK. I Lave said die travertine beds on the eastern bank of the Derwent dip towards the river at an angle of about IS®, and that they, are cut off from the river by basalt. The natural inference to be drawn from the fact of" an intrusion of volcanic rock under such cir cumstances is, that the strata would have been> tilted in the opposite direction. But a* the* locality is complete]/ shattered by trap erup tions, this dip of the travertine strata may be^ said to present no difficulty. On the western or Hobart Town side of the river there is another quarry of fresh-water - limestone, long since abandoned. This is about a mile below the quarry at Gteilatown Bay, and is also alluded to by Jukes. It is situate at the top of Hurray-street, and has been opened in a hill of considerable elevation.. The depth attained when it was abandoned* caimot be leeB than lOOfc. The limestone at this spot does not occur in compact-strata^ as . it is found on the opposite eide of the river, but in broken, detached masses, diffused through an incoherent matrix of decomposed trap and blocks of the same. In this case the travertine - strata have been most completely shattered by an eruption of trap, which probably was ejected in a molten state, as the travertine ap pears as though it had been subjected to in teiiec heat. It was this eruption that formed' the hill in which the quarty has been opened. The fossils found here correspond for the* nioetrpart with those obtained at Geilstown. Buy, though they are not so numerous. At Richmond, which is about thirty miles - from Hobart Town, there is a still finer de posit of fresh-water limestone, and which is> not only richer in organic remains than those above-mentioned, but contains a greater va riety. One remarkable feature it presents is that of evidence of very recent actiou of" thermal springs, as seen in the incrustations of siliceous tufa on the surface of the ground. A certain Tasmanian geologist believes this action to be still in operation, and very likely he is right. Among the objects revealed by the microscope in portions of earth from these re spective deposits diatomaceae are conspicuous. At Launceston, I may mention, by the way,, there is a very interesting fresh- water forma tion on the banks of the river Tamar, which is very rich in fossil unio. These fresh-water imigsels have been lithodified by the action of* iron, and transmuted into the opposite of a poor haematite. I must now pass from the consideration of fresh-water tertiary deposits to those of marine origin. Along the banks of the river Derwent, ex tending for many miles (and indeed all round the coast-line of this island), are to be seen beds of marine shells of recent species, which., are for the most part in a comminuted con dition. These beds occur at intervals, and chiefly upon the higher ground. Some of them, attain an elevation of upwards of 100ft. above high-water mark. They immediately underlie the vegetable soil, and are diffused through a. loose arenaceous matrix, with but few excep tions. These beds, there cannot be a doubt, at one time formed a continuous raised beach, which was subsequently intersected by streams* and runnels, hence the cause of their being seen on the higher ground. A popular belief has long been entertained that these shell-beds owe their origin to the aborigines, being regarded as their camp refuse, like the Danish " shell-middens." There are two facts connected with this for mation that show how untenable this popular hy pothesis iB. These are the uniform character - of the deposits of shells, and that of their re posing, as a rule, on a stratum of rounded pebbles derived from the adjacent rocks. In. the first place, were they the work of the aborigines, it is scarcely probable that they would hare been so uniformly spread; and in> the second place it is not probable they would have chosen a loose pebbly beach on which to cook and eat their food in preference to grassy spots at hand. It has been urged that as charcoal has been found among these shells, it is evidence of camp-fires. What is more likely than that fragments of charcoal, would be strewed on an ancient beach, in a fan} where bush-fires are so numerous, to say nothing of the camp-fires of the blacks? It is well known that they opened the bivalve* shell-fishes by partially roasting them, while they crushed the shells of the univalves. Now,, while the bivalve shells are, as I have already stated, in a comminuted condition, the univalves* are generally entire, and too small to have* served for food, as the greatest proportion of" them are small turbo and trochus. The frac tured state of the shells is probably due to the ravages of predatory fishes, for the dredge re veals how great are the numbers destroyed* by their finny and crustapeous enemies After having made repeated observations on these beds through several years, I cau sae nothing whatever to lead me to regard them* as other than the analogues of the raised beeches of the neighbouring continent.. In. assigning to them a tertiary age, lam inclined to think it is, if anything, giving to them, rather too great an antiquity. If they are tertiary, they were . laid down at the dose o£" the pliocene epooh* But I.tbink itmore than likely they date from the early .part of the; po6t-pliocene. I have failed to discover in. them ony shells that we not represented by recent e^ieg, now oommon to . Tlesmanian. waters, ^he most numerous ampqg wvfllves uro oitwsft, ppunpo^ik ftolooj jpooo* acuta, venerupiB, peoton, *cardium, mytUuv venuB. Of univalve^ , the, {most -numerous ar© troohus, turbo.phasUnpll^.^lyflphus, Mliotis,. tfilon, nalica, buocinuiD,patella, and cyprea. ? ' Midwsy Point atSorrel/which ,is twelve miles from JBobarfc Town, tbero is a fossil oyster-bed oocupying an *levation«f at,.least 100ft. abovetliesea. Many ofthe shells «r» wry lB!^e, ond they1iave been perforated ,$ni many inst«noe»,lo suoh ap extent that the* refemblo elaborate network, ^and which in ail probability is the -work of the marine worm* nais. Midway Point it »! promontory wbjok divides an urm 9f tbe «at opposite sid* of the western eetuary there is*; troot^ of low-lying lattd 'which hew of having been reoently reolaimed firom th^ Ma. Ia leaking a road through t his tiac! numerous onto shells hare been broach t to light, and which are io a emihr condition to those at Midway Pant Tbe inference to be drawn from thk fact is, that daring a ray recent geological period an orater-bed ex tended ore the whole area comprised within the limit* mentkmcd. Kow, the highest part of tbv ojfter-bed txtetir corresponds is «ktede with the higbot part of the shell bed* on the banks of the Derwect- At the time, therefore, when die ti.elli contained ! their ffidtmo, the greatest pari of the site : of Hobsrt Town wm* wbnjereed. Hence these ! beds afford tay interesting eridence of a j necct elevation of the land. j 