BUSH-FIRES— THEIR PREVENTION. ' TO THE EDITOR. Sir — Having returned again to town for a brief space, I wish, to make a suggestion to the Government for the better prevention of bush fires. I may say that having travelled for several years (15 altogether) in the bush, I ought to know something about the best mode of prevention. Under the system which X am in the habit of adopting in the summer months (not exactly in accordance with the law as it at present stands, but far. superior to its require ments), I am happy to be able to say that I have never yet caused a bush-fire. If the sug gestions I shall throw out be in future required bylaw, I think bush-fires will be very much lessened in number., ? My. system iswmply this. In bush travelling -in 'the summer months, all a bushman requires is a small fire to boil his pot of tea. As soon as that is done the fire is not wanted, and may. be 'dispensed with during October, Noveintegr December, January, Feb.1 ruary, and first , part of March, in each year. During these months I dig a hole in the ground about 18 inches deep, with a tomahawk, throw ing up the earth all round the hole, say six or eight inches high, above the surface of the ground. Nothing further is required — no clear ing, nor anything else. In this hole I light my fire, boil my quart pot, and let the fire go out. If this is done at sight, I light the fire again in the morning, and this is all that is required to prevent any bush-fires at all. The present system required by the law makes the clearance of a certain space of ground all round the fire place indispensable. But this is not so good as my system, for clear the surface only as much as you may a puff of wind in any direction may carry -hot cinders or sparks over the cleared superficial space, and set the grass beyond in a blaze. With regard to Bryant & May's lucifers, they are notto be trusted ; indeed ihey are no more entitled to be called a patent safety match than any of the others, being sometimes far more dangerous, I can assure you. Don't, there fore, create a useless monopoly when there is no necessity at all for it. The course indicated above, if made compulsory by law on all travel lers, will speedily check bnsh- fires. Have the roads well patrolled, compel all bushmen to carry a tomahawk or small light pick for cutting : the hole required out, and if they light a fire at all on the surface of the ground, instead of under the surface, duiing the six mouths of October, November, December, January, Feb ruary, and March, let those parties bo infringing the law be liable to imprisonment {without fine), and you will in future have very few bush-fires here. I am, Sir, &c;, A BUSHMAN. Adelaide, December, 1867. 