THE Jnquiwr i^ ^otir.ncrdal jfjeros. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBEK 8, 1869^ SUMMARY FOR THE MAIL. Governor Weld is still absent from Head Quarters, travelling witii the Colonial Secretary aud the Comptroller-General throng-li the Korfchern districts. His Excellency is received with great cordiality by the settlers, who do not forget at the same time to shower their wants and wishes upon hira. A visit to -Victoria Plains, and reception by the religions. community at the Benedictine Mission, were exceedingly interesting, and so throughout the Champion Bay district, where nothing was left undone that could mark the occasion, or speak of hearty welcome. He was received with cheers everywhere he tarued, and with addresses, good wishes, and— memorials. The return to Perth will be looked for abont the 15th instant. ; The condition of the agricultural interest was plainly told at Geraldton, as well as the ' hardships that would result were the Government to insist on payment for the seed wheat advanced last season, aud it was suggested that the claim be liquidated by labour on public' works. Welearu from reliable reports that the average yield of wheat this season will not exceed five bushels an acre ; ou this account there is good reason for the settlers being solicitous with the Government. The circumstances of the farmer were greatly reduced by the red rnst visitation last year, bo much so, that the grant made by the Government of seed wheat, aud of holding the land rental' in abeyance, was a matter of necessity ; and it is not to be snpposed now, with the failure consequent on the dry season, that their circumstances are greatly improved It is therefore more than probable that the request of the district will be favourably received by the Government. The mineral lands of the district were also spoken of in connection with the Land Regulations, and the vast benefits which must accrue to the whole colony were they being worked, not lying dormant as now, were pointed out. On this subject the feeling prevails that an amendment of the existing regula tions -would be beneficial, if the lands were thrown open to the means of the poorer class of settlement. The rais ing of ores is made at present under a lease at a rental which is discouraging and burdensome, more especially where pros pects fail, and the lease is not worked ont. It has been suggested that licenses might be granted at a low cost, enabling the set tler to raise and cart ores from any un licensed hinds, and it is believed the result of such amendment wonid be that large quantities of ore would be raised, and that smelting works would be established in the district for reducing the lead ores, the markets in the Eastern Colonies and in ' China being every way favourable to ex- j porting lead thither. It' is evident that t some liberal measures are required to pro- I mote the development of the vast mineral resources in this district, as well as for other requirements of which it stands greatly in need, and which it justly claims at the hands of the Government. The annual Agricultural Meeting in the Southern districts was held last month and brought together a large number of holiday-makers, who kept up festivities at Bnnbury with all the usual joviality. There was some regret that the Governor was unable to make his first visit to the district on the occasion, but this is con doled in the knowledge that his Excel lency's visit will be the signal for resuming festivities, and the monotony of country life will be broken in upon for another brief season. The show of stock and pro duce, as well as the arrangements for the exhibition this year, were excellent. The report of the Society will be found in another colnnm. The action taken by the neighbouring colony, South Australia^ with a xiew to the establishment of a Stnd Depot at Port Darwin for providing the Indian Service with Australian hor-es, has awakened some interest here, chiefly from the fact that the advantages held forth by the ad jacent colony may be especially named in connection with this colony, from its proximity to India, and other favonrable circumstances. The trade carried on hitherto in shipping horses for that coun try is by no means likely to find favour in the Anglo-Indian markets, and certainly it is not on the whole remunerative to the exporters. There is no defined system, or suitable carriage, or particular stamp of animal sent. When transport is offered, it is generally taken up for anything that comes in the way, good, bad, and indiffe rent alike ; a creditable shipment is indeed exceedingly rare, aud this, coupled with heavy costs, risks of the voyage, and de terioration in the conditionwjf- the horses, such as they are, make it more surprising the trade is carried on at alL :W«re ij_ branch depot established here by the Go vernment of India, nnder proper mau; agement, with suitable transport and ar vangements for the sea voyage, the breeders here wonld quickly find valuable animals for the service, and the Government wonld be enabled to depend ou kind and quantity required. By the Liberty, -from Boeburne, we had intelligence from the North West Settle ments, not of Tiny importance, but satisfac tory and encouraging to the settlement. The settlers appear to have some confidence in being able to compete favourably with the rest of the colony iu wool-growing. The season's clip is good, estimated at 70,0001bs., the value of which may be taken fairly at an average of one shilling per Ib., last season's having prodaed a return . as high as Is. 3d. The number of sheep iu the district is taken in round numbers at 49,000, against about 38,000 last year Horses aud cattle are increasing rapidly. Scouring is more generally practised now, and altogether the flock-owners seem de termined to produce the best article. The rent of land is less there,and the cost of maintaining a station not more. than in the ?' more settled districts. There are draw- . backs, however — such as the expense of intercolonial freight and transhipment, bnt these will disappear when the wool in creases in quantity, and vessels can take in a inll cargo direct for England. The pearl shell trade is likewise prosecuted successfully. Notwithstanding that the reefs have been well searched during pre ceding seasons, and competition has in creased so much that no less than twenty boats are now employed, the yield is equal to, if not beyond, that of former years. It is estimated that fourteen tons have been already collected this year. Tho supply of pearls is not inconsiderable, Borne of which are large and well formed. The fishery is greatly assisted by the abo rigines, aud as this labour is not equal to the demand, those employed are particu larly well fed, clothed, and kindly treated. To increase tbig supply of labour efforts were being made to induce the inlaud na tives to work, but it is feared this will not be attended with much success for a while, those dark skins baring a mortal dislike of leavingtheirow uconntrv to pursuea strange calling among strange and perhaps hostile natives. Probably some bolder than others may join ; their favonrable report will induce others, and eventually a large body of inland natives will be at command. The natives are reported to be quiet and well conducted on the whole ; those at the sheep stations arc becoming nseful shep herds ; the settlers, however, are not yet without occasional cases of sheep-spearing. There is still abundance of water all over the country; indeed the supply of water is mnch greater than in any previous season, and the feed is plentiful and nutritive. The favourable report iu onr Saraniary of last month as to agricultural prospects is fully maintained. The fear of lieavy failures has Ions; since -vanished, and from several districts reports come more or less eaconrag-iug. In some quarters the wheat harvest lias commenced. It is to be noted, howevfir, that in the chief grain-producing1 district, the Greenough Flats, the average yield expected is exceedingly low; but then, it is but two months ago since we had much cause for fearing total failure from droughts; and we are thankful for a ' harvest which, under the worst results * we can now anticipate, will supply all our own requirements. Bush-fires have com menced rather early this season, favoured by the short wet period we had. This evil will be especially hurtful, as bnsh-feed will be scarcer thau usual, and flockowners will ill afford the loss by fires. The -market price of flonr last month has undergone no change. A further supply has been received by the E, A. Oliver and EUa Gladstone from Adelaide, aud the Twinkling Star from Batavia. The other arrivals at the port were the Dun garee from Singapore, Kestrel from Foo chow, St. Kilda from Melbourne, Pet from Adelaide, Rio from Mauritius, and Fort Regent from Swansea with coal, bound for Hong Kong, put in for supplies. The sailings outward were the Yarra, with timber, for Warrnambool, Victoria, and Tluimes for Bombay, with horses, sandal wood, acd railway sleepers. The wool ships Bridgetown, Fitsroy, and Zephyr are fast filling np, and will take their depar ture for London the first week in January. The Hildegarde has returned with jarrah railway sleepers from Bnnbnry for Calcutta, aud will complete her cargo of timber and takr a large number of horses at this port. The Eliza Blanche and St. Kilda are also loading with timber at Bunbury, the former for Adelaide, and tlie latter for Mauritius. The Emily Smith, by last advices, bad nearly completed her cargo' of jarrah at the Vasse, and .is expected to return to Ifremantie daily. The Elizabeth Ann Oliver is loading with san dalwood for Shanghai, 'and the Bungaree for Singapore. The Bio fs chartered to load with, timber at the Vasse for Mauritius. Land Sales.— Dnring the month of November six applications to purchase country Crown Lands, embracing 412 acres, and realising £206, were approved. Twenty-one applications to occupy Crown Lands for tillage aud pastoral purposes, were also approved, representing 60,600 acres, and for which £63 3s. was paid. Total amonnt received, £269 3s. Geramhke Mute. — The following is Mr. Mitchell's Monthly Report to. Mr. Carr: ? Daring the past four weeks we lave rased afaont 70 tons of galena; carted to Port Gregory 62 tou* 10 bags ; making a total thence and in Champion. Bay of 330 tojs 3 bags, assuming the three ships, viz., Zephyr, Bridgetown, and lilzrog have taken away 500 tons, which quantity I have been informed they were to take. The lode at Todd'is, sinking under the 37, bas improved a tittle: son' worAi 3 tous per fathom ; the gronnd, I regret to say,' is bard, and~ progress Tery dow ; however, I thiuk in the last two feet a slight change for the better has taken place. 4*he etope S.W. lias improved— present value 5 tons per fathom, that K.£. 3 tons per fathom, that in the back ot the 33 two tons per fklhoni. The lode in Mitchell's shaft is disordered, and comparatively poor, bnt I think the chauge only temporary. Stope NiE. of thb shaft is worth from 2 to 3 touB per. fathom. I have bad tbe lode laid open in two places X.E. from Habgood's shaft; in the first place abont 8 feet has beea sank in a lode worth lui]y tiro tans per' fathom ; a stope has been commenced S W. in a lode of the sune valae. In the otl;er place the lode is worth from 3 to 4 tons pur fathom. 1 Guau.be obliged to contrive new maeiiic^rv to enable as to. effectually work tficee places. 