LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. LOST IN THE BUSH.—The unfortunate man James Weir who was reported in our last issue as having been lost in the bush near Narandera, was found by one of the Messrs. Devlin, after a day and nights' exposure, during which time he must have suffered terribly. When discovered he was making towards the river, which, however, in all probability he would never have reached. THE SHOOTING SEASON—A great many shooting parties were organised on Thursday for a grand assault at arms on the game to day (Friday). The different companies went off in the evening to bivouac in the bush, in the vicinity of the various shooting grounds. Since day-dawn the continuous report of the " murderous gun " has spoken loudly of the energy of the sportsmen, and we look anxi- ously for the state of " the bag " this even- ing. The day has been most unfavorable owing to the high wind. The birds are particularly wild this year and have not bred to anything like the usual extent. This is due doubtless to the exceptional dryness of the season. The favorite haunts of the feathered tribe ill the back country are water- less, and much of the " cover " along the margins of the lagoons and other large nesting localities along the river has been destroyed. The absence of young birds this season added to the destruction which must mark the next seven months' shooting, will tell sensibly upon next year's game-bags. CLERK OF THE ASSEMBLY.—Our telegram announces that Mr. Charles Tompson, who for many years has held the office of Clerk of of the Assembly, has retired under the Superannuation Act. Mr. Tompson has been an invaluable servant to the public, and we are sure that we do him no more than justice when we say that it will be difficult to replace him. PANORAMA.—A Panorama, illustrative of the life and adventures of James Morrell, during his seventeen years' residence amongst the blacks, is advertised, for exhibition on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, at Mr. Tompson's New Store, next the Commercial Hotel. Report speaks very highly of the excellence of the scenes, and as the subject, is one admirably adapted for illustration in this popular way, we have no doubt that the Panorama will be well worth a visit. BONDED STORE. — The following is the amount of duties paid to the Customs during the quarter, at the Wagga Wagga Bonded Store:- October, £73 4s., 2d. ; November, £208 17s. 4d. ; December, £451 15s. 11d., making a total of £733 16s. 5d. The steady increase in the monthly returns will, doubt- less, continue, as the storekeepers of the town and district become more and more alive to the advantage of the bonded system ; or in other words, as interest proves too strong, as in the course of time it inevitably must, for prejudice. BUSH-FIRES.—The bush fires still con- tinue to rage in various parts of the district. Stamped out in one direction, they break out with renewed vigour in another. Mr. Mate's paddocks, at Tarcutta, have been laid waste. About forty miles of the Nangus, Kimo, and Yabtree runs have been burnt, and the fire is still raging on the Kimo run, belonging to Mr. Collins. A selector on Mr. Horsley's run Ellis's Creek, has lost his entire, wheat crop through his grass paddock catching fire. It is absolutely necessary the Act against the careless use of fire should be stringently enforced. All the devastation of the last tow weeks is the result of the cri- minal carelesness which for the sake of saving a little trouble would consign a whole country to the flames. At Gundagai we learn that the person in charge of Mr. Sinclair's fat sheep had been summoned and lined for leaving his camp-fires burning. WHIRLWIND.—Mr Betts, the surveyor, has had a narrow escape of being blown away. The other day on his return from the field and while he was quietly smoking a pipe of repose in his tent, a mighty wind arose which tore the tent from its fastenings and scattered its contents, owner included, in all directions. Two theodolites which were standing near the tent were blown down and rolled, along, the ground for some distance, with the most disreputable disre- gard of the interests of science ; some logori- thm books, heavily bound volumes, had their leaves torn bodily out as if by the hand of some gigantic baby, while an eddy of all imaginable articles from a tent-fly to a tooth- brush, whirled gracefully, but most incou- veniently, heavenwards. Happily for Mr. Betts, , he was able to prevent his own translation to a higher sphere by holding on vigorously to a sapling, or we might have had to announce the apotheosis of our friend in a soaring cloud of leaves and logarithms. BUSH-FIRES.—Some very extensive bush- fires have been raging in the immediate neighbourhood of Yass, and in the direction of Queanbeyan. During the last two or three days thick volumes of smoke might be seen in every direction, but as yet we have not yet heard of any serious losses to the crops.—Yass Courier. 