THE BUSH FIRES. i It was apprehended that, in addition to other disastrous results from the intense heat of. Friday and Saturday, wo should hear of exten-j sive bush- fires ; and we regret to say that such j apprehensions have boon sadly realised. As ! will be seen from tho subjoined, reports, tho I Geelong and Ballnrat districts have suffered ' severely. : The Geelong Register describes the destruc tion of Mr_J. H.Connor'a' station, Stonyford : ? H IaformVtion was received in Geelong by J. H. Connor, Esq., M.P.; that an extensive bnBh fire, which was raging in the neighbourhood of Pomborneitj on Friday and Saturday, had des troyed nil tho grass on the Stonyford sta tion, with the improvements whioh -ha had erected thereon. It was also stated that a portion of the'stock on the station had been burned ; but no approximation as to the number could bo given. The information was com municated to Mr Connqr_by_Mr.Silk and Mr M' Arthur, both of whom came to town from that district yesterday, and state that tho fire extended about eight miles in width, and that ns the grass was completely flried up it burned like tinder, ' fast and furiously.' The fire is believed to fcavo had its origin in a oamp fira which had been lighted by a careless traveller in the lightwood opposite the Pomborneit post:, oflloe, and abandoned without having baen ex tinguished. Tbo wind on Friday was high, and carried the fire on so rapidly that Mr Csncor entertains but slight , hopes that any of his stock have escaped destruction, they being en 'closedin securely fenced paddocks, from which, unless' released, they would bo unablo to ob tain egress, and as the fira spread so rapidly it is believed that the caretakers would find it im possible to render assistance. Mr Cphnor left by the Colac coach last night to visit the sta tion.' ! The. Advertiser adds some general items: — ' Oa Saturday bush fires could bo Been from Geelong ragiog in every direction. The osach coming down from Camperdown passed through a large fire, which was close to either side of the road for a distance of five and a half miles, tlio . heat being almost sufficient to roast pas sengers, opaohmen, nnd horses alive ; luckily, lhby;wera only nioely browned. A ,roport was klso' circulated in, town that r, number of small farmera^and splitters, residing near Buninyong, were burnt .out of house, and home, and we should not feel surprisod if , in the'i course of a day or two, we hoar that bush fires have pro vailed all over tho colony. During Saturday night 0, large bush firo, apparently botween Winchelsoa'and (he const, illuminated the sky for many miles round.'. ? ' ' ?' Bullarbok, and indeed a vast extent . of country north-west of Bdlla'rat, appears to have felt the calamity in full force. ' ' Very distressing news indeed has , to ba chronicled respecting the devastations of the bush fireslwhich raged to the N.E.of Ballarat on Saturday. For miles the country presents a charred and blackened appearance; and many families are left homeless an 4 destitute, who a few days ago were in comfortable, if not in well-to-do circumstances. V, It. is impossible to furnish any idea of the exaot amount of damage cauBodrUnTwe have collected some particulars which .will furnish an idea of the extent of the work of destruction generally. In the Bun gareo district thero were threo fires, which as they swept along caused ruin to many. That of greatest magnitude was ono . which appears to have terminnted about half a mile beyond Clark's border saw raillB, and was formed ap parently by the junction of two fires, one com mencing at Dean, and the other between the Mu6k Creek and the Moorabool. Its force was the greatest abeat tbe Devil's Creek, where homestead after homestead, and stacks without number, besides miles of fencing, were literally licked up by the consuming clement. The cases of damago resulting from this fire as far as wo can learn .are — Mr Mad dock, two stacks nnd all ontbonses destroyed, estimated loss about £150; Mr Tablo. two stacks and outhouses, estimated about £120. Mr Tablo has a family of eight children, and botk he and Mr Maddock have for somo time been confined to their beds with sickness-. Mrs Reedy, barn and crops, damage about £110 ; Mr Shean, house, crops, and everything. Mr Shean, who is a married man, has lost about £150. Mr Dorsey, house, crops, and every thing. Mr Dorsey was^nucomfortable ciroum' stancos, and- estimates' his loss at over £200. Mr Butterwerth also had everything destroyed, and having a large quantity of produce stored, besides a well-furnished house, reckons his loss at £300. Mr Blunt lost a quantity of fencing. Mr Thos. Johnson bad fencing nud crops destroyed. At Dean Mr R. Woodman lost all his grain ; and Mr T. Sukland had his house and everything burned. Mr Glocester was also completely burned out. It is alleged that Mr Glocester was tbe cause of tbis fire, andjft story, strange, if true, is current iu the looality:re specting his action in the matter. At Devil's Creek, it is also eaid Mr P.iyne lost a good deal. The house of Mrs Wilmora was saved by men turning out from about the saw-mills and beating back the flames. Mr Clark had about a mile and a half of his tramway destroyed. The fire was at its worst between noonday on Saturday and midnight, but was still burn ing at seven o'clock U't evening. Near the Racecourse hotel, Mr Carzen had a quantity of fencings and a small cultivation paddock burned. At about four miles beyond the Junction, ia a locality known as Everard's, there was another conflagration, caused by sc'.tiug fire to some stubble in Mr Long's pad dock. Mr John Ciirroll lost about a thousand bushels of grain and gome bay, besides out houses and a large quantity of fencing. There was another fire at the eastern base cf Mount Warrenheip, and by this Mr Kinriavan Buffered to tbe extent of L245, having stable, barn, stack of hay, plough, harrow, &o.;, all destroyed, in addition to over n mile of fencing. ' On the western Bide of Wnrrenheip, Messrs Mnguire and Sharkey loBt a largo quantity of fencing and some crops through a fire, said to have originated by burning somo stubble ou a n-i^bboiir's farm. There are also reports of serious damage to small properties along tbo railway line, but of this wo have not been able to learu the particulars. At tho Black Hill, F.gerton, much loes has also been ens tained in the same way.' 