. I THE LARGEST NUGGET EVER FOUND. ,1 . "THE W£I.OOMB STâANQEB." I Tho accounts which reaohed Sydney a fow days sines about the groat nugget found at Dunolly, Vic I toria, have been fully confirmed. A writer in tho Australasian, who calls himsolf tho I Peripatetic Philosopher,-drarrs tho following picture I of the finding of this enormous mass of gold aad its I probable results upon tho luoky diggora who discovered it: "I havo workod in all sotts of olaims, bogged until I was ashamed, and thon dug until I waa bent doublo. I have beena 'hatter* myself, and cursed the powora that be, and ecratohed tho oarth with great regularity, yet I never turned up a nugget worth £0QUO, and weighing 2001b. I adhere to my opinion that it is disgusting. Not tho £9000, but tho fact of sudden enrichment Hero aro two honest, hard-working men, who do thoir duty to their country, and voto regularly with the Government They lead a poacoful, happy, pastoral lifo-dig in a hole all day, and get drunk religiously at night They are respeoted, admired, and esteemed. Suddenly thoy find a nugget, and, lo 1 tho whole toaor of their life changos. Let us imagine the little drama that has begun to be played out at Dunolly. A blazing sun. Tho whito and rod heaps of mullock cropping up among tho dusty dwarf gums. The whito road leading to the township. The groats wandering round about, Tho figuro of tho Chinaman yonder distinctly outlined against tho blue Bky, os his yellow body rises and falls with the turning handlo of tho windlass. The distant public house, with tho etock-horse- standing sleepily at the verandah-post, while Jem is taking a smoke, and " wailing for tho mail." The dim hate over all, and far away in the distant bills tho smoko of a bush-fir o heavily rising. A little clump of wattles, bohind which aro two men. One, despairing of his fortunes, has got up to light his pipe, and with knifo-handlo stuck slant- ingly in tho hollow betwoen thumb and forefinger, is rubbing tho shred tobacco between his bornoy palms. Ho is looking away over the tops of the nettles. Thero is a cloud of dust-tho mail. There might bo a lotter for him, it is so long since ho had ono. Suddenly a cry from his companion. Ha turns. Hil mato iu on hands and knees. Something gleams a dull yellow I Away vanish duty road, and mail coach, and thoughts of home and friends. He is down on his knees too, with a hoarse cry ; and then tho two men look at each other with incredulous ey.s, and gra»p hands silently. But tho afterpico ? How will thoy got on now ? Dressod in now clothes, radiant with watches, and gleaming with barbaric gold, they aro the orados of the township. Diggers come up from, all par s tJ eoe the lucky pair. Brandy flows 1 What doos a bottle or two matter to a man who owns tho largest nugget in Australia ? Thoy begin to think themselves clover fellows-that some instinct guided them to the spot. Thoy knew thero must be a nugget somewhere. Thoy are tired of tho cheap amusements of the country. They will go to Melbourne, They go, and the weight of their 2001b. nugget sposdily drags them into tho depths. Perhaps, though, I am wronging these | oor fellows, and they are hard-working, sensible people, in which case they will probably eschew taverns, soil their nugget, put tho r money in tho bank, and go home." TnB DÜKE OP EDINUTJEOII'S VISIT TO NEW ZEA- LAND.-The GoTornmont organ at Wellington Bays: From what wo can learn, the reception of his lloyal Highness tho Duke of Edinburgh is not likely to ba a very elaborate affair in the city of Wellington, and his stay here will not extond over two or three days at the outside, whilo at other places, where superior prepara- tions are t<> be made, it is understood that tho Prinos will remain for a longer period. Wo hear on good authority that, although his Boyal Highnets will make Wellington tho port of arrival in this colony, his Excellenoy the Governor intends that tko real recep- tion shall be given at Auckland; and thia fact will account to a certain extent for the short stay intended to bo made ia th«, " Empire City." A procession and a rido to tho Hutt in a four- horse vehicle - together with a public ball, if tho inhabitants feel inclined to got it up - appears to compriao the programme so far OB laid down ; but, notwithstanding tho expression wo labour under, wo trust that a respectable attempt will be made 'on tho advent of tho first member of the Royal Family in this city, without any recognition whatever beyond that which is under most ordinary circumstances extended to a privato gentleman on a visit to the capital of tho colony, by those who are in a position to be liberal. MOSSVALE.-On Wednesday afternoon last we wcro visited with the heaviest storm of rain, accompanied with hor-vy wind, I ever experienced. It had been threatening nearly the whole of the day, and r. little af tor 4 o'olock it commenced, in less than half an hour overy creek and gully was full to overflowing. Tho water ran down the gullies in such foroo as to carry tho fences before it; however, not very much damage was done in that respaot. At Sutton Forest the storm was much heavier, and considerable damage was done there. The lightning entered O'Kctt's public-houso. and knooked several of tho inmates sense- less to tho floor, but no one was seriously injurod. The wind blew down a large shed on the premises of Mrs, M'PhorsoB, which was generally used as a meet- ing house, and much damago done in other respects. But on tho whole I think wo may ba very thankful for tho visitation. If tho force of tho storm continuod fifteen minutes looger, much damago would have been done to the railway line, aa it was in many places tho culverts wero unable to carry away the water, and consequently it ran ever tho line. ' On Thursday tho clouds cleared away, and the sun shone forth beauti- fully ; but it commenced to rain again at night, and has continued, moro or les?, ever since, with the wind varying from S.E. to S.W. Saturday, which waa Bot apart by the Government as a day of humiliation and prayer, for rain, was not kept as such here. But I daresay many offered up a prayor of thanksgiving to tho Almighty for His kindness. But I regret to say there is muoh ingratitude manifested in tho district towards tho giver of nil good things -Correspondent February 15. Tho station known as Broadwater, situated on tho Dawson Bivcr, about eighty miles from Bockhamp ton, and forty-four miles from Westwood, and con- sisting of three blocks of country, named Ashfield, Cashili, and Ben Leith, together with 6725 »heep, more or less, was, on Friday, offered at auction at Brisbane, by Mr. B. Kollott. The bidding was not spirited, and whon it had reached Ss. a head, the station was bought in by tho mortgagee. 