THE PERIPATETIC PHILO- SOPHER. "Quidquid agunt homines votum timor ira voluptas, Gaudia discursus, nostri est farrago libelli." – JUVENAL Of course, I always said so. It is my luck all over. I have worked in all sorts of claims, begged until I was ashamed, and then dug until I was bent double. I have been a "hatter" myself, and cursed the powers that be, and scratched the earth with great regu- larity, yet I never turned up a nugget worth £9,600, and weighing 2001b. I was very near making my fortune once, very near. A friend of mine and myself found a fossil elephant in an ice field in Kamschatska. I should say that the ivory was worth at least £30,000 — one of the tusks was twelve feet thick at the base — but as our dogs fell ill, and we had no food, I was obliged to make tracks for a Moravian settlement, some 500 miles to the southward. Poor S—— died on the way, and I was obliged to eat part of him. The remainder sleeps peacefully in an ice hummock about 80° 47' N. I never got the elephant. But to return. I adhere to my opinion that it is disgusting. Not the £9,000, but the fact of sudden enrichment. Here are two honest, hard-working men, who do their duty to their country, and vote regularly with the Government. They lead a peaceful, happy, pastoral life — dig in a hole all day, and get drunk religiously at night. They are re- spected, admired, and esteemed. Suddenly they find a nugget, and, lo! the whole tenor of their life changes. Let us imagine the little drama that has begun to be played out at Dunolly. A blazing sun. The white and red heaps of mullock cropping up among the dusty dwarf-gums. The white road leading to the township. The goats wandering ronnd about. The figure of the Chinaman yonder distinctly outlined against the blue sky, as his yellow body rises and falls with the turning handle of the windlass. The distant public-house, with the stock-horse standing sleepily at the verandah-post, while Jem is taking a smoke, and "waiting for the mail." The dim haze over all, and far away in the distant hills the smoke of a bush-fire heavily rising. A little clump of wattles, behind which are two men. One, despairing of his fortunes, has got up to light his pipe, and with knife-handle stuck slant- ingly in the hollow between thumb and fore- finger, is rubbing the shred tobacco between his horny palms. He is looking away over the tops of the wattles. There is a cloud of dust — the mail. There might be a letter for him, it is so long since he had one. Suddenly a cry from his companion. He turns. His mate is on hands and knees. Something gleams a dull yellow ! Away vanish dusty road, and mail coach, and thoughts of home and friends. He is down on his knees too, with a hoarse cry ; and then the two men look at each other with incredulous eyes, and grasp hands silently. But the after- piece ? How will they get on now ? Dressed in new clothes, radiant with watches, and gleaming with barbaric gold, they are the oracles of the township. Diggers come up from all parts to see the lucky pair. Brandy flows ! What does a bottle or two matter to a man who owns the largest nugget in Aus- tralia ? They begin to think themselves clever fellows — that some instinct guided them to the spot. They knew there must be a nugget somewhere. They are tired of the cheap amusements of the country. They will go to Melbourne. They go, and the weight of their 200lb. speedily drags them into the depths. Perhaps, though, I am wronging these poor fellows, and they are hard-working, sensible people, in which case they will probably eschew taverns, sell their nugget, put their money in the bank, and go Home. Luck is a very dangerous thing. It has ruined many a man – Hannibal, Cæsar, Napoleon. I remember at Ems when the Archduke C——won 12,000 napoleons from poor St. B ——,we all congratulated him upon his luck. He went to Paris that night, and the first man he met was Guizot. All the world knows the unhappy result. Ah ! be- lieve me, my friends, that luck is not always lucky. If I had not been made Secret Minister under Nicholas, I should not be here in rags scribbling nonsense for you ; – but the story should take too long to tell. May I congratulate the public press upon the gush of morality which has greeted the publication of a stupid letter about the vagaries of ancient roués. There was some wild story about a mysterious old man who wanders up and down the town, Judas-like carrying a bag. The old person is of amorous proclici- ties, and, according to report, is accus- tomed to stop ladies in the street and produce pictures out of his bag, and enter into art discussions. I confess that I cannot believe this story quite. The ladies would only have to appeal to the nearest policeman, and the ancient old scoundrel would be removed in custody. But there is, I believe, a crying evil existent. I mean the custom which some blackguards (it is a hard term but the only one) have of writing indecent letters to young girls, and despatching them through the post. I cannot think of anything, more disgrace- ful and disgusting than this. The only punishment for such miserable animals.as. these is that recommended by Emilia, namely, a sound horsewhipping. Talking of pictures reminds me of stamps. The system of franking is a time- honoured one. Members of Parliament and Govern- ment officials generally are permitted the privilege of sending their letters post free. This is, of course, abused. Members would send their families and servants by train gratis, and one gentleman franked a pack of fox-hounds and two whippers-in. We have not yet arrived at this stage of perfection in the colonies, but we do pretty well. It seems that it was suspected that Government letters were not always on Government business, and, consequently, it was ordered that all sus- picious letters should be opened. Direful was the result. One gentleman had sent bottles of medicine, kegs of brandy, and so on. Another — a family man — sent up patterns of baby clothes to his wife. A third franked to Eng- land 12,000 copies of a speeoh of his [a very good speech, too, by the way] to 12,000 several relatives [he belonged to an Irish family], and received them duly returned by the Government officials. This is a little quaint, I must confess. So they have been poisoning the river, have they ! With the exception of the modest herring (hard-roed and rubicund), I never eat fish myself, so I do not much mind ; but as there are many worthy people who do, and are constantly boring me with long stories about trumpeter, and Murray cod, and schnapper, and bream, and mullet, I venture to suggest that the poisoning be stopped. Fellmongering is a very lucrative pursuit, but it is not a very clean one, and the habit of upsetting embodied stenches into the river is to be deprecated. If we kill our fish at all, let us adopt the method suggested by the gentleman who objected to be stabbed with a cheese-knife, and "kill 'em clean." Perhaps, however, the fell- mongers are not to blame after all. I hear that several members of Parliament have taken to bathing in the Yarra lately. Jones has become a burning and shining light. Having dismissed the apple- woman, he calls for "tenders" for the apple-stall ! It is strange how a little brief authority turns a man's brain. Jones, when I first heard of him, was a highly-respectable tailor, with a taste for politics (most tailors have, by the way). Now he is a Minister, and sways the destinies of applewomen. By the way, if the humour takes Mr. Jones to make improvements I wish that he would make improvements in the other branches of the Railway department. I allude to the feeding department. Mental pabulum is hard enough to get, (newspapers double their price the moment that one gets upon the platform) — a satisfactory meal is out of the question, unless the traveller combines the appetite of a sparrow with the purse of a Rothschild. I had occasion to travel to Gee- long the other day (my ticket was purchased by subscription at the Immigrants' Home), and possessing half-a- crown, I determined to re- cruit exhausted nature with a glass of beer and a biscuit at a wayside station. I entered a place like a loose-box. One flabby person in shirt- sleeves and a mosquito-bitten boy stood behind a bar prepared to resent all efforts at comfort. "Give me a glass of Castlemaine ale!" I mildly said. The countenance of the flabby person fell a yard or so, as he drew the liquor with an angry jerk, as though the beer- tap and himself were not on the best of terms. He placed a very small glass, three parts full of a thin yellow fluid, and snuffled contemp- tuously. The mosquito-bitten boy stared osten- tatiously at a hole in my elbow, and whistled the " Bloated Young Aristocrat," with con- temptuous emphasis. "And a sandwich," I added. The flabby man turned sulkily round to a collection of fossils under a glass case, and taking off the cover looked in casually. "Ai'nt got one !" said he, and put the lid on again. " 'Ere's a bun or two and a Banbury, but I suppose you too great a swell to eat stale pastry." Detecting the sarcasm in his tone, I pulled up the least limp corner of my shirt collar, and said, "Do you mean to say, sir, that you do not keep sandwiches ?" "Oh, yes," said he, "we keeps 'em fast enough, but I thort by the looks of yer that they were out o' yer line." The mosquito-bitten stopped whistling abruptly, and catching the corner of a plate, sent it spinning across the counter to me. The sandwiches were not very succulent. If you want an idea of their taste, buy a tough beefsteak, put it between the saddle and your horse's back, and ride fifty miles to a sawmill. Then upset a mustard-pot over the most gristly portion of the meat, place it between two chips of redgum, and eat. How- ever, by dint of exertion and the loss of a a tooth or two, I disposed of the sandwich, and produced my shilling. The flabby man quivered with suppressed emotion, and the boy grinned like a small portcullis. "Alf-a-crown's the price, mate," said the flabby man, "so jest 'and it over." I remonstrated, but it was no use. The train was going, and I produced my only coin. The (I was in hopes that the old joke would pass.) "Would yer ?" said the flabby man, giving himself a shake to feel that my half-crown was safe —"would yer, now ?" "Yes," said I, faintly smiling, "the sons of Ham were bred and mustered there, you know." "yes," said the boy, artistically killing a mosquito that had settled on the end of nose ; "and what about the Pyramid of Ch[eo]ps, old feller ?" I fled. Q. 