NEWS AND NOTES. The weather on Thursday changed from a cool clear morning to a hot day, with all the air laden with the smoke of the bush-fires that appeared to be raging all round the horizon. Everything is now parched after so long a drought, and the greatest possible care iu the use of fire both indoors and out is specially neces sary now, both in town and country. His Excellency the Governor of Tasmania, with Mrs Du Cane and Mr Chichester, arrived at Ballarat on Thursday morning, and took up their quarters at Craig's hotel. Accompanied by Mr Warden Sherard they paid a visit to the Prince of Wales mine, Sebas topol, where they were received by Mr Dempster, director, Mr Tatham, manager, and Mr P. Davies, mining manager. The whole party resolved to go underground, and accordingly a descent was made at the So. 3 shaft, Mrs Du Cane having availed herself of the kindly proffered assistance of Mrs Tatham to make some preparation for protection against the moisture and dirt necessarily come in contact with below. In the Prince of Wales mine a visitor can see both alluvial and quartz mining, and the visitors were greatly astonished and pleased with all they witnessed both underground and in the puddling and crushing houses. Some alluvial gold was found in the washdirt, and handsome specimens of auriferous quartz recently taken out, were exhibited, and presents of alluvial and quartz gold were accepted as souvenirs of the visit. His Excellency was highly interested in the mining operations, and remarked that it was worth while travelling 10,000 miles to see so great a wonder as the mine was. He acknowledged the courtesy of the officials of the company, who explained all the pro cesses of raising washdirt aud quartz, and extracting the gold. A two hours exploration underground, caused all to feel so tired that other visits were not paid, and a return to Melbourne was made by the evening train. We hear that the party had to pay their own rail way fare, a fact which surely must have been an over sight on the part of the Minister of Railways. So small a courtesy as free passes to the Governor of a sister colony, could not intentionally have been with held when ivory tickets are as plentiful as goose berries. Wo have boon requested to publish tlio following letter, received by the directors of the Sunken Vessels Recovery Company on Thursday from Captain Cofi'03-: —" Melbourne.—Gentlemen,—One of your directors having called upon me, and asked my opinion upon the desirability of deferring further operations in the raising of the City of Launceston till March next, I forward you the following. With regard to Mr Maquay's idea that the weather would be so much better in March than the present month, I cannot agree with him. Even if he were correct, it would not make any appreciable difference 111 the view of the matter I take, for 1 feel assured that the whole of the work can be done from the deck of a steamer in twelve to eighteen hours; and although this number o£ hours of moderate weather might not be obtained at once, I feel quite sure it could bo done in two mornings. On the other hand, if the floats are again taken up to be re-coated, &c.;, a considerable outlay will be required and much time wasted, whilst if they are allowed to remain down, they may become sodden with the sea water. I would suggest that one or more of the bags be tested from the surface. I would also suggest that means should be at once taken for anticipating calls and pushing 011 the operations at once. Had power been given to borrow and give security, as I previously suggested, there is no doubt in my own mind that with the money I could then have borrowed for the company the ship could have long ago been afloat. I£ the company will place suffi cient funds in my hands I shall be prepared to under take the work and render a satisfactory report in a very short time. I can make a very reasonable arrangement with Messrs Norton, Graham, and Co., for a steamer." Mr iind Mrs Thomas Bath gave their aunual treat to the children residing in the neighborhood, of Lc.ir nionth, at Ceres, on Wednesday List. About seventy of different ages and sizes assembled on the occasion, and being dressed in their best attire, and by their looks, healthy and happy, presented a very pleasing appearance. The first portion of the proceedings was an onslaught on the gooseberry bushes, which abounded with fruit, and of a quality not often to be met with. After regaling themselves to their heart's content, the children dispersed in groups to various parts of the grounds, and amused themselves at the swings and with all manner of games. They were then summoned under the verandah of the house, and after singing a verse of a liyniu sat down to tea. The demolition of cake and other edibles proved that the gooseberries had in no way affected the children's appetites, for it seemed as if they would never have done eating. A scramble for lollies followed, and more games, and then a general muster of the little ones, who wound up the afternoon's pleasure by singing the National Anthem, and giving three hearty cheers to Mr and Sirs Bath for their kindness and hospitality. The ease of the Queen v Mungovan, for making a false declaration and other alleged offences in connec tion with the land selections will be tried to-day at the Court-house, Ballarat East-, having been postponed from yesterday to allow Mr Aspinall to be in attend ance for tlio defence. Mr Finn's adjourned application to the bench for a temporary license for Porter and Co.—the Ballarat Tea Company—under the provisions of the Wines, Beer, and Spirits Sales Statute, was heard on Thurs day by the magistrates at the District Court. As will be seen from our report the application was re fused. Sir Hy. Cuthbert appeared as objector on be half of the borough council, but did not lodge any of the objections for which provision is made in the act, and Mr Finn contended that the law of the case gave the bench no option in the matter, and that they must grant the application. The bench held, however, that a " special temporary" liccnso was only to be granted on special occasions and for a temporary occu pation, and that the act never intended the granting of one inside a town, except under some extraordin ary circumstances. In reply to a deputation from tlie Council of feabas topol, the Commissioner of Railways and Itoads pro mised, on Wednesday, to make a definite distribution of the common toll fund, in which the three councils of Sebastopol, Buuinyong, and Grenville are inter ested. By the arrangement which Mr Jones promised to carry out, the Sebastopol Council is to receive 'Is Gd in the pound of the tolls collected. Sales of Crown lands will be held by Mr C. Dyte this day and on Monday. Particulars were first an nounced in Government Gazette ~&o.; 141. t .i— \t„,„ v.,.,,una on Wednesday, by the s.s. Otago. Those areas follow:— Hokitika, 30th; Nelson, 2Gth; and Wellington, 25tli ult. The news is of little or no importance. When the Otago delivered her contingent of the volunteers recruitedin Melbourneforthe armed constabulary, there were about 500 members of that force under the com mand of Col. Lyons, and an aggressive movement was suggested. One of the foree, who was a passenger by the Otago, was seveiely scalded by the upsetting of a kettle containing boiling water, on the voyage, and was taken to the hospital on his arrival at Wellington. His name is not stated. Of the conduct of the Mel bourne and other volunteers a somewhat indifferent account is given by the Wellington papers, which say:— " The constabulary recruits who arrived here by the Alhambra and Airedale left for Wauganui on Saturday. They looked a very fine body of men as tliev marched up to tho militia-office in the forenoon, but they gave ample prooE of their rowdy character before they left In the evening. They had been billeted at the Empire hotel, and appa rently aware that there arc no grog rations at the front, they were determined to have a good ' drunk' before leaving. This laudable intention they fully carried out, and when the hour of embarkation ap proached very few of them were in a condition to tra verse unaided the short distance between the Empire and the wharf. The scene in the vicinity of the hotel was extraordinary. There must have been at least 110 men in various stages of intoxication. Some wore perfectly helpless, some inclined to maud lin sentimentality, but the majority inclined to be combative. Free fights seemed to be popular, and, as few of the patrons of that species of amusement were physically able to do much harm, the results were more ridiculous than dangerous. There were,' however, several serious casualties in the clothing line, but this did not much matter, as there was of course a new suit of uniform ready to be donned when lauded in Wanganui. No one in particular seemed to be in command, and not a single ollicer was present. Several cabs were called into requisition to convey our gallant defenders to the wharf, and on these they were piled up in the most surprising manner, a good many coining to grief, and rolling off before they had gone many yards. At the wharf, Major M'Barnet was superintending the embarkation, and it was well that he was there, for one of the men, either less drunk or more vicious than his comrades, or else fancying that he had actually arrived oil the held, where they, 110 doubt, burn to distinguish themselves, drew his knife, and was about using it in ail unpleasantly energetic manner on those around him, when ho was pinned by Major BI'Barnet, the knife wrested from him, and he himself transferred to the care of the police." We (Evening Star) are informed that the British and Australasian Steam Navigation Company are pro gressing very satisfactorily. The shares are being taken up steadily, both here and in London. Two first-class steamers have been bought for the company, and are now being fitted up for the mail service. It is the intention of the company to run their vessels the whole distance without coaling on the way. Ten thousand miles is already done by ocean-going steamers; the distance to bo done to Melbourne is 11,GOO miles. Yesterday the children from the Orphan Asylum were treated to a trip to Geelong. About sixty per sons, adults and children, went by the morning train, aud returned to Ballarat about half-past nine o'clock in the evening. The coroner held an inquest, on Thursday, into the death of a little girl, eight months old, who died in the gaol 011 the previous day, having been admitted there on the 30th of December, with her mother, who was there for drunkenness. The child died from ex haustion from diarrhcca, and a verdict to that effect was returned. A Chinaman named Dam Kin, a hawker, residing in Ballarat East, was found dead in his own house on Wednesday last. He had complained of a fever some time before, and said that he felt his limbs sore, and the symptoms given evidence of confirmed the belief that he died of English cholera, A verdict to that effect was given by the jury. A rather amusing scene, and one that more concerns the interests of the bar than it does those of the public, occurred at the District Court on Thursday, when .Mr Myles Garrett Byrne made an application for the postponement of the case of the Queen v Mungovnn for one day, to allow of Mr Aspina.ll, who was to appear with hiiu for the defence, being present. Mr M'Dermott had got the only brief which had been given, and was to act with Mr Aspinall, but at the same time Mr Purcell, the defendant's solicitor, had retained Mr Aspinall and Mr Byrne by telegram. Mr M'jDermott opposed a postponement, and asked the bench for instructions as to how he should act in the matter, stating that he had 110 ill-feeling towards 5Ir Byrne (who returned the compliment), but asserting that he could not act with him in consequence of not having been instructed to do so. Tho defendant's solicitor was appealed to, Mr Dunne, the Crown Prosecutor, having agreed to wait a day for Mr As pinall, and on Mr Purcell rising he made the case even more difficult by stating that since he had in structed the three counsel Mr Mungovan had stated that he only wanted Mr M'Dermott. He could only say with the famous captain of the " Beggars' Opera," " How happy could I be with either," &c.; Mr M'Der mott considered the best way to go to work would bo by all parties throwing up their briefs, and accordingly threw up his. Mr Byrne, while he did not for an in stant question the professional propriety of Mr M'Der mott's action, begged to be allowed to follow the dic tates of his own mind in preference to tho learned counsel's example. A cricket matcli will be played on the Miners' Racecourse, Redan, on Saturday, between the Evening Star C. C. and the Consols C. C., wickets to be pitched at one o'clock. The eleven of the Consols will be chosen from the following:—C. Henlock, T. Murphy, E. Murphy, P. Norman, E. Letcher, T. Wright, H. Lendon, J. M'Mahon, J. Meaney, J. Phelan, E. Garret, M. Slattery, J. Shannon, J. Fraiser. The Evening Star team will be chcscn from Messrs C. D. Figgis, Blair, Powell, Nicholls, Franklin, Adams, Herbert, Ferguson, Campbell, Urquhari, Holmes, Waters, Sin clair, Welsh, and Wimble. The examination of teachers and candidates for employment as teachers will be held in the supper room of the Alfred Hall to-day. The examination of pupil teachers, and candidates will be held in the same place ou the 15th January. The staft-oflieer will attend at Craig's hotel to pay pensioners on Saturday next, between the hours of ten and two. The rates collected for the Buninyongshire Council last year amounted to £1795 Os 3d, which, upon the Government endowment scale of £2 to £1, will en title the shire council to a Government subsidy of £3590. A valuable collection or coins has just been pre sented to the Mechanics' Institute and the Public Library by Mr Kobertson, of the Bank of Victoria. Amongst them are Greek and lloman copper and silver coins (some of very ancient date), lnedircval coins, coins of the German Umpire and of many of the continental states, ancient Scottish coins in fine preservation, and many others, forming altogether the nucleus of what it is to be hoped will prove a valu able collection. Messrs J. II. Williams, W. 11. Wardlaw, and W. Laidlaw, of the Ballavat Collegiate and Grammar School, have successfully passed the Civil Service examination recently held in Ballai-at. Sergeant Goulding, of the tSeelong police, requests lis to acknowledge the .receipt from " A Friend" of the sum of £1, in aid of the poor ivornan Elizabeth Hopper, of Maryborough, who in our issue of Wednes day we represented as having submitted herself to great self-sacrifice in oi'dcr to obtain at Geclong ade quate medical attendance upon her child. "We are requested to call attention to the notice in our advertising columns in reference to Mr Melvin's lectures. These have, we understand, excited great interest in Melbourne, especially among the Sabbath schools, and have attracted large audiences. We doubt not they will prove equally attractive and inter esting to the Sabbath scholars of Ballarat and its neighborhood. At the half-yearly meeting of the Cosmopolitan Lodge of the A.I.O.O.F., held on Tuesday, the 5th instant, the following brothers were duly installed in their respective offices for the ensuing term, viz.:— Y.G. Br C. C. Davis to be N.G.; Secretary Br Brad bury, V.G.; Con. Br E. Davies, secretary; Br M'Donald, treasurer; Br Sehofield, warden; Br B. Speed, conductor; Br II. Clark, J.G.; and Br Jno. Clark, O.G. The ceremony was performed by D.D.G.M. Br F. R. Davis. Thursday's Geclony Advertiser furnishes us with tlio following anecdote:—" Poor Geelong! As one of our M's.L.A. was returning by train from Melbourne lately, the carriage happened to be filled with gentle men from Jiallarat, who, talking at our member, were amusing themselves with remarks on the liveli ness of the Pivot and the smartness of its inhabitants. The M.L.A. endured the jokes very silently and pa tiently until one of the gentlemen from the golden city, of larger sympathy than his companions, con soled the uufortunate Geelongese by asking him whether the bay was not very beautiful. ' Oh, not at all,' said the M.P., ' a ditch compared with the Wendouree.'" The Minister of Justice, in replying to a letter of enquiry from Mr Can-, representative for West Gee long, writes:—" With reference to the gaol, you are no doubt aware what the Government propose to do with it. As regards the Supreme Court, there is no intention whatever of removing it from Geelong." The "real original" Spargo has taken to mining pursuits, it seems. At the last meeting of the liunin yongshire Council, lie appeared as an applicant for leave to mine under certain roads at Gordon. Tlio Thistle Act appears to be rather unworkable. At least this is the view taken by the iiuninyongshire thistle inspector, who, at the meeting of the council on Thursday, laid some suggestions before the council, advising that a circular be addressed to other local bodies recommending amendments in the act, so that the delay in giving notices may be done away with, and the existence of thistles on laud be a sufficient ground for a summons without previous notice. The match, between the South Yarra Club ancl the B.C.C., that was announced to come off on the Eastern Oval on Saturdayncxt,will not be played as announced, the S.Y.C. having written to say that an Eleven can not be got together. There seems to bo some better business regulations needed amongst cricketers, or this constant failure of accepted mutches would not occur. A special meeting of the B.C.C. will be held at the Pavilion next Monday, when a president will be elected and other business he disposed of. Next Saturday week the B.C.C. will go to Melbourne to play the M.C.C., and next Saturday the Eleven chosen to play in Melbourne will play a match on the Eastern Oval with the next sixteen of the B.C.C. The payments made at the monthly meeting of the Alliance Building Society on Thursday night amounted to ,£395 3s Cd. A boy named John Hines was given in charge to the police at Ballarat West on Thursday, charged as one of those who broke the windows of St. Andrew's Church, last week. He was at once admitted to bail, and will probably appear at the next sitting of the District-court. The Aye says:—" The slovenly manner in which the business of .the] City Police-court has been hitherto conducted has been so repeatedly brought before the notice of the Crown law officers that a change has been deemed imperative, and the officials in that court are now in course of removal to other localities. The first step in this direction has been the appoint ment of Mr Arthur Drury, clerk of petty sessions at Sandhurst, in the place of Mr Campbell, the City Police-court clerk." Mr Campbell is to succeed Mr Kentish at Castlemaine. Another proof, if any wore required, of the necessity of a lien bill being introduce J to protect workmen against contractors (remarks Thursday's Gcelony Advertiser), was furnished at the Belleriue Shire Council meeting yesterday, when a letter was read from a man who had been working for a con tractor named ltichard M'Williams, asking that the council would see him paid. The production of this letter caused several other claims to be mentioned against the same contractor, who, it appeared, had only £9 12s Gd coming to him. The council very justly resolved to withhold the money due to M'Wil liams until next meeting, when they will proceed to divide it among the various claimants, who will per haps receive 10s in the pound on account of their hard earned wages; whether the poor men will be able to recover the balance remains to be seen. It is a pity the council did not see that the men were paid before they voted any sum on account of the con tract. A tidal wave was experienced at Wallaroo, in Soutli Australia, on Christmas Eve. The local paper says:—. "At about lialf-past_ iivc on Thursday morning, the 24th December, the men working on the night core at the Smelting AVorks in this town, were somewhat alarmed by hearing a peculiar rushing, roaring sound, coming directly from the ocean. On going outside the works to ascertain the cause, they noticed a tidal wave coming iu the bay. It broke on the beach, and precipitated itself some thirty yards further than the water previously reached, when it retired, and all was again calm. AYe have heard of no volcanic or other disturbances to cause tliis remarkable phenomenon, but there can scarcely be a doubt that it resembled iu kind, though not in degree, the tidal wave experi enced on the southern and eastern coasts of this con tinent, which was occasioned by the fearful earthquake in South America." Besides the retirement o£ Mr AYriglit from tho Railway Department, Mr Mattheson will bo transfer red to the audit department of the railway, and act as accountant and traffic auditor, rice Mr Down, who v/ill be pensioned. Mr Felian will become general manager of tho railways, A meeting of the Cabinet took place on Wednesday afternoon, when tho important subject of tho land question was brought under discussion. Tho delibera tions were continued to a late hour. A board, consisting of Mr George Higinbotham and Mr Francis, has held an enquiry into the circum stances which led to the suspension of Mr AYadsworth. | late clerk to the Private Secretary. The enquiry has not resulted in any action being taken. Tiie match committee have selected the eighteen, out of which the elevens are to be chosen who arc to do battle for the honor of the colony in the ensuing intercolonial matches with Tasmania and New South Wales. The eighteen is a very good one, and if. the best teams are chosen, Victoria need have no fear of not being well represented. They are as follow:—AY. Campbell, Don Campbell, Cameron, Cosstick, Allan, R. V. AYardill, Wills, Gibson,-Kelly, Phillips, Gaggin, Dan. Wiikie, Goldsmith, Egglestone, ilediey, Robert son, Riddle, and Sweeney. The following circular from the Maori King was read .at a largo native meeting held at Awhaliuri (Upper Manawatu), and has been handed to tko Wel lington Independent:—"That the sword is to be sheathed. 2. Leases not to be granted to Europeans. 3\. All purchases to cease between the races. 4. That the boundary is fixed. 5. No moro roads are to be made. 6. Digging for gold is not to bo allowed. 7 No more surveys ai-e to be madc. 8. The schoob are not to be attended. 9. No parties are allowed to enter any European courts of justice. These articles have been forbidden before. This is the second time they have been forbidden, and they are strongly for bidden. (Signed) Na Tawhaiao." At a meeting of the siib-comuiittee of tlie British and Australian Steam Navigation Company, IieM at their offices, Market square, Melbourne, on Wednes day, it was stated that several gentlemen had added their names to the list of the provisional committee. Promises of strenuous support had been received, which leave little doubt that by next month the com pany will be successfully launched. An extract from a letter from Captain Gilmore was read, in which it was stated that, in the writer's conviction, the voyage to Australia could bo performed in less than forty-five days by steamers of 2500 tons. Wo (Aryus) are informed that in the cases brought by the Customs Department against Mr Laekerstein and others, as regards the Into importation of Indian condiments via Sydney, it was arranged on "Wednes day, at the instance of the Government, that the place of trial should be Castlemaine. It would thus appear that the Government is somewhat afraid of Melbourne juries in tariff cases. "We observe from our New Zealand files that the cases of small-pox which occurred on board the Pa nama mail steamer Kaikotira arose on board the steamship Tasmania, between Southampton and Colon. There were twenty-nine jiasseugers for New Zealand, all of whom were placed in quarantine at "Wellington. The Argus understands that in a few days the Go vernment will by advertisement call for tenders for a monthly steam service via the Cape of Good Hope. It will be left to the tenderers to ask for a postal sub sidy, or for a bonus per head on a certain number of immigrants, or on a mixed system. These tenders may be made either hero or in London, as there will be ample time before the matter can be deter mined. The scheme, of course, will be submitted to Parliament. The Bolleriuesliire Council having offered 6d for the head of every snake that is brought to it, finds plenty of customers. On Wednesday, Mr Smiley, of St. Leonard's, handed in a bag containing twenty heads. An unusual zoological importation—two foxes—was made from New Zealand on Wednesday, by the s.s. Otago, for Sir George Watson Miss Fannie Caraudini will take her benefit at the Alfred Hall this evening, when another of the delight ful Caraudini concerts will be given. A capital pro gramme has been prepared. The performances at the Theatre Royal this even ing will be for the benefit of Mr Sefton, who has taken the part of clown in the pantomime. On this occa sion there will be two clowns, as Mr Bracher will ap pear also in that capacity, so that the fun to-night is sure to bo even faster and more furious than on ordin ary night?. The beautiful pictures in the pantomime and notably the finale, which is now got up so smoothly and is lighted up so brilliantly, are worth all the money. Last night there was a very fair house, and we hope to see a crowded 0110 this even ing. 