AGRICULTURAL REPORT. Wednesday, Dec. 29. No change in price can be said to havo oc- curred during tho week. The holidays havo interfered much with busiuess ; but during even these, people must be supplied with bread,~and as the bakers have been keeping very littlo flour on band, there has been rio slackening of the demand-on the contrary, this has rather increased, so that quotations havo been more readily obtained. By the last mail news was received that shipments from California were to be resumed, in fulfilment of orders fiom this side, but to what extent does not appear to havo beon known. Two or three cargoes will have little effoct, but if shipments from theie on speculation onco commence our markets may be fairly swamped. Europe did not afford a good out- let, as prices wore falling thoro, and even a very small portion of the surplus remaining on hand two months ago would bo far too much for us just after harvest time. Other- wise we might consider the late unfavourable weather as quito sufficient to prevent any further decline. Wheat is in better request again this week, as it must be when thoro is any increased demand for flour, the millois being so short of stocks. Oats command the old prices, and are moving off freely, but maize is not firm. The supply of hay in was rather large to day, bul more than one day's full market will be needed to alter tho prices, whichstill remain the same as they woro last week. From some districts wo have accounts of grain having been prematurely dried up and shrivelled by the hot winds, while in others the farmers say that little mischief has boon done by these. We fear, however, that when the threshing- machines aro set to work they will tell a different tale, and that on many farms the yield will prove to be much below what was calculated on. In the Ovens and Murray district, the wheat harvest is over, and it is said that the millers have decided on 4s. a bushol as the opening price for now grain. In the several districts around Ballarat the crops are reported as being much superior to what they weie last year, and fiom 30 to SO bushels of oats to the aero are talked of, with from 20 to 40 of wheat. The hay crops are, however, estimated at very moderate rates, namely, between one and two tons per acre. On all except the poorest lands near Melbourno these have been exceeded. What- ever the average yield may have been, hay is most abundant all over the country, and is to be had for £2 or £3 a ton where a very few weeks since it was commanding from £8 to £10. Potatoes do not promise so well generally as might have beon expected from the amount of lain that fell in spring. Indeed, the soil is said to be almost eveiywhero drying up unusually fast, to(che serious injury of the gieen and root crops. The grass, too, is fast losing its freshness, and where this is abundant bush fires will soon prevail. The Marsh harvestei, tried lost week, pro- mises to bo a most valuable introduction. In the first place, when wo have men or lads with practice and skill at binding, it will almost take the place of a strictly mechanical reaper and binder, about the construction of which there must necossarily bo a difficulty. It will bo hard to make anything of a simple machine use bands taken from the straw as this is out,-and cords or wiro bands are ob- jectionable. Astiaw or hay rope may, per- haps, bo yet applied to this purpose, to be cut off in lengths, and twisted round each sheaf as required, but we have here now a machine likely to save us much future plan- ning and contriving. This has evidently been made for light crops, and short in the straw, as the platform is too short, from front to back, to allow any other to lie upon it. Then a heavy crop would fill up tho receptacle for the sheaves so quicklythat those could notpos sibly be íemoved'bytwo men, for which num- ber only is there standing-room. Of courso this is only a temporary objection, the working parts all admitting alterations in proportion calculated to adapt thom to any crop. But the binding requires to bo done very quickly if the reaper is to do a fair share of work, and no little practice will be required to fit men for the task. With a chango of men for the binding platform, that is to say, with five men and a pair of horses, seven or eight acres ought to bo cut and bound in tho day. But if there is any difficulty about binding, tho machino contains within itself the plan of a simpler, and, therefore, better side- delivciy machine than any we have in use. The somiciicnlar tray, or receptacle for the sheaves, has only to be made double, and fixed to a pivot to allow of its turning over as each sheaf is collected. The time of turning over can be regulated by tho baud which carries the endless web, and, of course, may bo varied according to tho weight of the crop, so that the sheaves may bo of a convenient size, whe.ther this be light or heavy. With- out the tilting-tray the delivery would bo in one continuous swathe, but the division into sheaves can be very easily effected. Any system of Tpvolving rakes must needs bo far heavier, and moro likely to get out of order than the endless web. Another very important point in this machine is the way in which motion is given to the knife bar The connexion between it and the crank is simply a lover and a long wooden connecting rod. The lever lies under the platform, with its short end in a socket on the contre of the knife har, and its long end attached to tho connecting rod behind. Thus any oxtent of motion or amount of speed can be readily given to the knives by simply altering the proportions of the lever, and all noise is done away with. The knives aro light, and cut freely with the first forward movement after a stoppage. Altogether the machine is light and well balanced, even when loaded with the two binders on an extra platform, and when in motion the work'appears very easy to the horsos. The plan throughout necessitates tho use of but littlo iron, and should afford some usoful hints to the many makers of reapors hore, who are getting into the very bad habit of using far moro weight of material than there is any need for. "OnChristmas Day" writes the Ruthciglen corespondent of the Ovens and Murray Ad- vertiser, "a large party, including several visitors from Chiltern and elsewhere, left Rutherglen for the purpose of enjoying a picnic on the Murray, in the neighbourhood of Lake Moodemeie. Shortly after dinner, about two o'clock, some ten or more of the junior members of the party went up the river a short distance, for the purpose of bathing. Among the number was a Mr. W. E. Bowdory, a young gentleman of considerable property, who has resided in the neighborhood for only a few months. Mr. Bowdery was observed by several of the party to swim across the river, and was seen sitting on a log on the opposite bank to where the bathers first entered the water. As he was known to be an expert swimmer, no particular notice was taken of him, or rather of his absence, until the rest of the party returned to their starting-point, and commenced to dress. He was then missed, and two of the best swimmer crossed the river, but could find' no traces of him. It is presumed that Mr. Bowdery plunged into the water from the log on which he was seated, and which overhangs the river, and became entangled in the numerous snags which abound there, or he might have re- ceived a sunstroke, The deceased gentleman Was only married about five months since, and his young wife was one of the picnic party. Her distraction on becoming aware of the sad occurrence may be imagined, but cannot be described. The body of Mr. Bowdory was found on Monday, about a mile from where the deceased gentleman plunged into the water. We may add that the late Mr. Bowdery was formerly in Messrs.'Green's service as a lieutenant, and that a few months since he had a considerable fortune left him." The Droit says that tho private examina- tion of Traupmann, conducted by the judge d'instruction, seems to prove that this noto- rious criminal planned and executed his crimes without any assistance. 