TOLLS. EDITOR of the austbalasian. T"1 ■¥* /■_-! f/. _:i I bound to receive with B'r'Ttlie views put forward by The Aug. ou many public matters, I take the 0f emphatically protesting against f'"propounded in the article in your last t« issue on the subject of tolls. In my fff & more effectual step to render nugatory ""ffsny benefits otherwise conferred upon Country by the operation of local self b' lment could not have been taken than Cwbicb the Legislative Assembly, without I rmation or deliberation, without public peti tion existing eystem, has floundered upon in j reeing lhe abolition of the toll- system, appa tit either ignorant or regardless of conse sees, sad before even a plausible substitute fj been suggested. And I confess to some (oflisbrnenfc at reading, in a journal usually so informed and practical as The Austral •.« tbe very puerue rcnsoriB urged in .fi'fication of tbe course which the Assembly !!, Dureued. 'ibeai'gwuteiiffl against the toll system briefly ^pilulutcd are—that the payment of them "annoying" and unsatisfactory; that the Inost does not fell fairly on those who have ^sion to use the roads ; that it is excep jLlly expensive in collection ; that the shires J rot d boards are "greedy," and given over ("jquabbliug." And it is conclusively urged |,tt as tolls have been abolished in Ireland, rtiisiderably reduced in England, and, amidst furious difficulties,'' attempted to be dispensed niib in Scotland, there can be no further in retaining them at the antipodes. J'ov, supposing that some of these and other ,tock arguments, or all of them put together, ffre aufficiently cogent to demonstrate the absolute necessity of abolishing the toll system, ibe question still remaius, whether any other rftein, and what system, can be introduced j a substitute. I presume it iB taken for /ranted that roads must be maintained some jmir, and that at least a portion of the expense cfeucb maintenance should be borne by those for whose use they are maintained ; but, if so, it ass obvious that of the different sugges hitherto put forward by the preBB of this (olony as a basis for a superseding maintenance fTStem, not one having the slightest preten tion to compare in equity of arrangement and limple economy of management with the con demned toll system could for an instant be entertained by practical men. But in point of fact, the dead set lately made iguoet the eystem by a number of M.L.A.'s ud by a portion of the press is unwarranted on any public grounds. No thing in the shape of public opinion had <rer found expression in the press or Parlia ment antagonistic to the toll system. The public were, in reality, taken by surprise, bb ibej not unfrequently are in this country, at (be erratic conduct of their representatives, and mrtain 1 am that unless energetic action is taken by the local bodies to obtain a reversal c! the spasmodic action of the Assembly, the Ktult will unquestionably bring insolvency ud premature dissolution to many shireB and read boards, and tbe struggles and' sacrifices of their ratepayers to open up and improve their highways will thus be rendered abortive. Reverting to the objections against tbe toll tjetem above recapitulated, it may at once be conceded that it is felt unpleasant at all times to most people to pay money, and that tolls ue not an exception. They are, on the contrary, peculiarly odious to that claBS of cocknifled town travellers who are prepossessed lith the hazy idea that roadB are a sort of nitutally-existing institution, which somehow "growed" for their especial accommodation. Their hatred of pikes is coeval with their youthful perusal of the elder " Weller's" dis quisitions thereanent, intensified, perhaps, with listening to the melodramatic impreca tions of some mimic "Bob Boy" against everything savouring of tolls, taxes, and those who "wore breelcs on their hinder endB," mingled with reminiscences of the mysterious exploits of the bold Welsh Bebeccaites-* sentimenta! impressions which, I need not say, hard-headed ratepayers know well how to' appreciate. Tbe argument that the toll system presses unequally on those who use the roads may possibly have some force in long-settled countries, where the old-established turnpikes become awkward obstructions to modern improvements. I take tbe liberty of saying that in a new country like Victoria the argument is quite inapplicable. The < establishment of tolls here, as is well ! known, is subject to the approval of the Execu tive ; the interests and pursuits of those who fee the roads are well defined and easily determined; and it is always within the power of a Minister directly responsible to Parliament to plaoe his veto upon any toll the site of which ttay be improperly selected by any looalbody, either through greed or otherwise, so that nothing but the most egregious blundering all found could result in the establishment of a tolibar in such a position as to inflict any opprebiable degree of inconvenience or hard ship on any one section of the community. As to the cost of collection, my business makes me acquainted with .the oonoerns of about a dozen of tbese establishments in tbe part of the country where 1 reside; and I find that the coat o> collection in any oase don not exoeed 15 peg not., and 'in some cases does not exoeed 10 per cent.,; or less than one-half of that Mentioned in your artiole, In some cases \--me tolls being let . by tender, according to the provisions of tbe Local Government1 Act--the contractor baa been tbe loser, and the local body concerned and the publio actual gaintre in these toll transactions. But apart Jtupb «^p«onal tases, it is certain that «reiy auocseding year ihe percentage is, for ^b*Joji» lessons, decreasing, and I bare no but thatin afeW years hence, when the "■terests becotne Consolidated, the average collection will not exceed 10 per cent. ^Wputed "greed " of corporations, being -lP stereotyped accusation amongst ®tW'fmen\bf^ the presSj iuay be allowed to .111 to tlie charge of "squabbling"— imotoh it is' to be regretted that the shire end rood boards are not Ubove imi in^4 August prototype, the Assembly, "tj^ tcgard—;the accusation in respect to the, liter of tolla oan only, have that occult bear t"?i?bioh the Tenteraen Steeple is supposed *We,!u relation to the Goodwin Sanaa. ar bf things the molt difficult to meet gWpents drown from the oustoins or, P wticee of the home country, because there exists a rooted prejudice, prevailing over un practical minds, that whatever may be found most convenient and beneficial at" home " is necessarily the most fitting and applicable thing to introduce here also. Pewons who may have witnessed the spectacle of a Vic torian gentleman arrayed in a narrow-brimmed 41 bell-topper " and a suit of superfine black cloth, or a Viotorian lady dressed in a fashion able English costume, with next to nothing on her head, sweltering along Collins-street under the pressure of a hot wind, and exposed to the glare of a January sun, will easily realise such a ridiculous incongruity of attire. Yet, pitiable and iil-eeaBoued as this preposterous masquerade may appear in the eyes of all sen sible persons, it is not a whit more eo than theindiscriminate introduction of those material changes which the pressure of the densely packed hives of Europe may have rendered politic and convenient to the sparsely populated bush lands of Australia without special adaptation to our peculiar requirements. Spnce will not permit the introduction of the arguments necessary to illustrate this trutb. It may suffice to say here, that in reference to the abolition of tolls in Ireland, the cases are not parallel, and that, at any rate, the example of Irish rural economy is not encouraging, any more than the fact that after 100 years' benefit dc-rived from the institution of tolls, Scotland 6till experiences a "serious difficulty" in abolishing them. As to England, whose high ways date back to the Heptarchy, it may be replied that when this country becomes like her, " the resort and mart of all the earth," teeming with population and with established interests and industries so interwoven as to be practically identical, where every foot of soil is a precious possession, whose value iB sensibly enhanced by road construction, then we Vic torians may be able to afford tohave the system " very much reduced." With respect to your proposal to raise the required revenue for maintenance purposes by a tax upon property and by " a very slight addition to the rates," permit me to state the case as it affects the shire in which I reside. This shire adjoinB the borough of Ballarat and < lie suburban borough of Sebastopol, and extends about twenty-five miles southand westerly there from. For a distance of some twelve or fourteen miles westerly from the latter borough, a very small proportion of the land is alienated from the Crown or is fit for occupation, being mostly timbered ranges. The revenue therefore derived from this portion of the shire is very small; nevertheless, for the public convenience it has been found necessary to construct three separate lines of road leading into Ballarat and Sebastopol, and passing through this territory. Upon each of those lines a toll has been established for main tenance purposes. How, it is a fact that nine tenths of the traffic on these roads consists of wood for the use of the townspeople and the miners of Ballarat and Sebastopol. The timber carriers employ waggons which, when loaded, weigh from five to nine tone, and they not only wear out but actually plough up the roads for a distance of about twelve miles out., It is also a fact that the tolls pay only about two thirds of the expense of maintenance, so that not only the original expense of construction, but an annual subsidy of a third part of the maintenance has bad to be contributed by the ratepayers, thegreatmsjority of whom reside in a more remote portion of the shire. What advantage accrues to the shire for this outlay ? The wood carriers who convey the timber, the townspeople and miners who use it, the share holders and storekeepers who profit by their industry, all reside, nearly to a man, outside of the shire, and pay their rates to the boroughs of Ballarat and Sebastopol. There ara indeed a small number of wood-cutters who inhabit the shire; their dwellings con sist of miserable mia-mias, utterly unrateable ; the benefit this class confers on the community is to waste and devastate the timber which would otherwise be beneficial to the rate payers, to raise bush-fires which frequently endanger or destroy the ratepayers' pro perty, and probably to pilfer, when they get a chance, the ratepayers' property. These are the advantages in consideration of which, according to your views, the ratepayers ought to make " a very small addition" (of some £3,000 in this case) to their rateB to meet the entire expenses of road maintenance, and for which they are called upon to relinquish the two- thirds contributed by the nine-tenths of non-ratepayers who use the said roads. It may be said that this is an extreme case, and doubtless it is so, but, to my knowledge, the same arguments apply, with more or less force, to every shire and road board iu the district of Ballarat. It is to be trusted that when the amended bill comes before the Legislative Council, the rash and hasty pro nf fim Asspinhle will he intelligently i-poor.fiidered end reversed. -I am. &c..; Linton, May 25. SURVJEYOK. 