*41 ✓jC'lil DAILY ISSUE. THURSDAY, lira MARCH, 18G9. On Tuesday Ave published a brief report of a meeting lield near the Border Saw-mills, Bul larook, on the previous day, to devise means for the prevention of bush-fires, and to relieve the sufferers by those which have recently oc curred. The meeting appears to have been well attended. A very influential committee was appointed to carry out the work of charity, and to consider how future disasters from fire may be guarded against. The one curious fea ture iu the proceedings is, that the delegates who were appointed to proceed to Dean met with a very cool reception there. From some cause quite inexplicable, the people of Dean decided to give no help whatever, and intimated that they would themselves relieve the sufferers in their district. In the absence of any further explanation, we can but regard this conduct as short-sighted and selfish in the extreme. The objects of the association which it is pro posed to form arc to take measures to prevent bush-fires being caused through carelessness or malice, and to relieve those who have lost the fruits of hard work by the late disastrous fires. It is evident that such an association can only be successful by receiving general support. The whole community v.-liich is ex posed to the danger should aid in the precau tious necessary for prevention. The people of Dean may be less liable to suffer than others in Bullarook, but their duty to their neighbors is none the less on that account. Moreover, none can tell where a bush-fire will end or who may be involved in the danger. We fancy that if what lias occurred in Bullarook recently had taken place in Dean, if hard-working men there had seen their houses, their crops, and their fences destroyed before their eyes, with out power to save them, Dean would have stretched out its hands and cried loudly for help in its hour of need. In truth, the ques tion admits of 110 discussion on ordinary grounds of humanity. Unless we are to make the most short-sighted selfishness the sole motive for action, there appears to be no good reason for the churlish refusal of the people of Dean to co-operate iu so good a movement—a movement not only made to protect others, but to give them, themselves, the very best kind of protection which the circumstances of the case permit. It may be that the delegates did not put their ease so well as they might have dune. They may have aroused jealousy, or unnecessarily evoked opposition. If such be the case, and it seems to be the most reasonable explanation of the strange refusal, we may hope that further reflection will show that the duty of hearty co-operation must be fulfilled, alike for the protection and the credit of the people of Dean. There can be 110 doubt, however, that Balla rat will give what aid it can, so soon as the sorrowful facts of the case are made more widely known. The meeting which is to be held in Ballarat 011 Saturday next will pro bably be the means of putting the whole case fairly before the public. And it will be well if the members of the committee come prepared to do so. They should come to that meeting provided with a complete list of the persons who have suffered by the recent fires, a state ment of what property has been destroyed, and the actual amount of loss, properly veri fied. This will at once enable thd public to see what are the claims of the committee upon public sympathy and aid, and it will prevent improper demands being made at a future time should the movement prove as successful as it deserves to be. We know that a large number of settlers under the i2ud clause in Bullarook have borrowed heavily on their land, and it is no secret that many are in debted to the Ballarat Banking Company. It is evident that such losses as have been sustained by many in the recent fires are likely to prevent them meeting their en gagements, and they may be in danger of los ing their land as a consequence of the destruc tion of their crops. The statistics which we recently published show that there are a very large number of bona fide settlers in Bullarook. Many of them have worked hard and lived hard, in order to make a home for themselves on their own land, and we know of 110 class of men who more deserve the help of the whole community, when they are the victims :of calamities against which they could not guard. But, Ave may repeat, the primary condition of success is, preciseness of statement. The public will require to know who has been injured, and the extent of the injuries, and we do not think that the public will be backward in giving help where it is shown to be required. The success of the proposed application to the Government for a sum. for " the imme diate relief" of the sufferers will, of course, also depend upon the case which can be made out. It will be useless to apply to the Minis try unless facts and figures are precisely given and properly verified, because no Government is justified in granting - money for such a purpose, unless under very exceptional circumstances; From what we have learned, we believe that this is a case in which a Government ought to give prompt i aid. The losses have been so numerous and, in comparison witli the means of the settlers, so great, that hard-working men are in despair, and can do now little more than mourn over the ruin which has Come upon them. Help given immediately would enable them to proceed with the work necessary for putting in the crops for next season. And this we think to be the strongest ground upon which to base au application to the Government. It is quite plain that unless means are found to enable the settlers to go on with the work of ploughing and sowing, they will be worse off next year than they now are, because they cannot grow the crops upon which they must rely to retrieve their position.1 Time will but add to their burdens. Help given at once rail enable them to go to work again, and so recover what they have lost, whereas tardy aid may do no further good than give relief for a time, without promoting self help, which is the very best of all help. Under these circumstances, supposing that the com mittee makes out a good case and shows the loss to be really as large as Ave suppose it to be, we think that the Government should lend or give such a sum of money as will enable the sufferers to get in their crops, and so not lose the coming season. Of course great , care would have to be used in the distribution of the money, but the names of the committee already appointed afford a guaranty that there will be ho misapplication of the funds, if "but ordinary prudence is used. 