TELEGRAPHIC NEWS., [From our own Correspondent. ] VICTORIA. j Melbourne, January 9. j The Government Gazette for the future is to be issued weekly during the retrenchments. Parliament-will meet on February 9. The drought is seriously affecting the colony. It has leaked out that Dr. McCrae pro* nounced the reported cases of small-pox to be chicken-pox, merely to allay public j excitement. The cases are progeessing ; favourably, and great precautions are being taken to prevent the disease spreading. The leading medical men who formed a deputation to the Chief Secretary asserted that the four cases in the Immigration Hospital were smallpox. Mr. McCulloch said that Dr. McCrae still insisted they were only chicken-pox, but he had appointed a Commission to investigate. The markets have closed quiet. Melbourne, January 11. The Government Medical Commission are divided. Four are of opinion, that the disease is chicken-pox, and three that it is smallpox. The cases are progressing favour\x=req-\ ably. Mr. Larritt, the Inspector-General of Roads, is dead from heart disease. The crops generally are good. Mr. Scott, formerly proprietor of Scott's Hotel, is seriously ilL There has been a large bush fire in the Dandenong Ranges. There is a good demand for Adelaide wheat at 5s. 7d. to os. Sd.; bran, Is. 9d. Maize has risen to 4s. 8d. Barley is very scarce. Melbourne, January 12. One hundred and fifty tons of flour have been sold at £12. Mr. Scott is still in a precarious state. Ail illuminated address to your new Governor goes by the Coorong. Mr. McBain has resigned the position of Director of the Colonial Bank, owing to a refusal to advance on wool in transit to Melbourne. The steamer Victoria is laid up; and the crew are paid off. From the report of the half-yearly meeting of the Geelong Woollen Factory, it appears that 20,000 yards of cloth have been sold since the commencement of operations. One hundred tons of flour have been sold at auction readily, averaging £12. Melbourne, January 13. The Commissioner of Customs intends connecting the Custom House and Shipping\x=req-\ Office by telegraph. The Board of Enquiry on Government tenders has discovered that Mowbray Lush s tender for drapery at £20,000 was accepted, although there was another offer £2,000 less. rJhe Government are making changes in the Children's Industrial School by separating the Catholics and Protestants. The balance of medical testimony is in favour of the opinion that the disease is really smallpox. Dr. Rees, of Adelaide, comes to attend the University examinations in February for ] his degree. He will then visit Europe to gain professional information. j The first prize design for the Alfred Hospital is Mr. Charles WeWs; cost, £30,000. | Oats firmer; Tasmanian, 4s. 3d. A cargo of Mauritius sugars has been gold at 10s. per ton lower. A Java cargo has been withdrawn. Mr. McBain writes to the Ar;jus that his reason for retiring was that the Bank deter- j mined to open an agency at London for the aale of wool. j A Ballarat and Geelong Whaling Company is being formed. Mr. Cheele, the Mining Manager of St. Arnaud, has been murdered. Flour quiet. Wheat in fair enquiry. Melbourne, January 1-1. A rumoured disagreement in the Cabinet will probably result in the secession of Messrs. Vale and Jones. Warden Sherrard's dismissal from Ballarat, aiter 16 years' service, merely for the sake of retrenchment, meets public disapproval. The Bay is unusually busy, owing to large arrivals of shipping. Feeding grains are rising. There is a good enquiry for barley. Flour is steady. The Land Commission have decided that the counter charges against Messrs. Duffy and Blair are net proved. ] The National Bank meeting has passed the 1 resolutions regarding advances on freehold security. Tasmanian advices report large bush-fires there. The sale of sugars to-day was brisk, and quotations were sustained. Oats are speculated in at 4s. 2<1. Bran, Is. lOd. and rising, owing to a demand for cattle feed. Arrived—Francis Henty, from Foochowfoo. Melbourne, January 15. Mr. Scott, of Scott's Hotel, died this morning: The Governor has left Melbourne on a shooting excursion. Mr. McCulloch and several of his colleagues have also take a holiday. The Council of the University has agreed to issue a certificate stating the number of subjects in which students have passed when failing to matriculate. The rainfall for the past year has been seven inches below the average. My Dream has been scratched for the Geelong Handicap. Arrived—The Eva Joshua and Phillipuie, from Mauritius; the San Francisco and Aus\x=req-\ tralind, from Foochow; the Coringa, from New York; and the Essex, from London. The Rachel, from Mauritius to Sydney, has passed the Otway. Melbourne, January 15. Grasshoppers are destroying the feed in the Western District. The Southern Cross has brought 250 trout fry. Mr. Du Cane had landed at Launceston and received an address. Oats are rising. Latest quotations, 4s. 3d. to 4b. 6d. The Phillipine has brought dates to 10th December, which have given firmness to the market. 