TWO HOURS IN .THE BUSH Having visited, without fatigue, the few objects of interest on the township of Mere dith, and having still a couple of hours of daylight on hand before the 8pm train would be due, I resolved to have a stroll in the bush. Agreeably to this resolution, in company with a fellow-traveller of antiqua rian proclivities, we wended our way west ward of the station, and apparently a more unpromising field for our purpose could scarcely be met. There was no room for selection, as the only objects were the blackfellows' ovens, which we knew existed somewhere in the locality. Luckily we stumbled across the laird of Native Creek station—a man than whom a more genial son of Caledonia it wonld be hard to find after enjoying whose hospitality we sallied forth with pick and spade. By the way, this gentleman informed us that the station derived its name from the number of natives that " there did congregate" in the early days' of settlement. The scene of our operations was on the creek north, of the home station. Making our way a short distance up the creek We soon met with the object of our search, in the shape of a low circular mound, which proved on being measured to be over sixteen feet in its greatest diameter, with a depth of eighteen inches in the centre. The oven proper i.e. where the stones are placed—was about six feet in diameter. We at once com menced to dig into the mound, with a view of discovering some relics of the original owners in the way of flints, stone toma hawks, etc. We found that we had not been the only invaders of this domestic hearth, as some rabbit had pitched upon it for his habitation, finding it, no doubt more easily excavated than the natural soil. We at once concluded that Mr and, perhaps, Mrs Bunny were enjoying their evening nap, so that the excitement of the chase lent zest to our antiquarian labors. We were disappointed, however, as they had very likely gone visiting to some neighbor ing barrow, nor were we more successful in the primary object of our search, having discovered nothing but a quantity of calcined stones, that even the most enthusiastic antiquarian could not other wise regard than commonplace. We dug two others with no better results. We now came to the largest, situated on a gently-rising declivity, about one hundred yards from the bed of the creek, and under the shade of a gigantic gum tree ; this one measured 21ft in diameter, and 2ft deep in the centre. The whole mound was composed of ashes, with the exception of the stones used in the construction of that part of the oven where, I suppose, the cooking was accomplished. We dug right through it but found nothing but ashes and partially burnt wood. We now turned our attention to the trees.in the vicinity, and discovered that all the older ones had been stripped of a single sheet of bark about five feet long and fourteen inches wide;- this must- have been taken off many years ago, as in those that had escaped the bushfires the space bared was gradually closing in. It was curious to note that in the neighborhood of the ovens scarce a tree had escaped this barking, while at a distance from them only those that were straight and otherwise suitable were touched, so that they avoided the labor of carrying as much as possible. We came across a miamia in a state of good preservation, and found on enquiry that it. had been erected by a blackfellow and his lubra, who had visited the haunts of their fathers during the previous season. Here we found trees recently barked, and also found a solution to what had hitherto puzzled us. About the miamia were a number of short oblong pieces of bark, used for pegging out the opossum skins during the process of drying; this accounted for the small pieces of bark removed from the trees, as well as the large ones used in the construction of the miamia. It was. now high-time to think of home, especially as we had promised to return in time for tea. We reached my friend's residence in good time. It was at this juncture that a member of our party came in for more than a due share of attention. My friend had been accompanied by His son and heir, who was allowed during the two hours to " wander at his own sweet will," and to do him justice he was not idle. He had left home dressed in a linen suit " clean and white," with a "shining morning face;" but his maternal relative was now shocked to see her son bear more resemblance to an embryo collier than the child of a tidy mother. Papa having received a gentle rebuke for not looking better after young hopeful, tea was got ready, and your corre-. spondent just arrived in time at the station for the 8 p.m train. One thing connected with these ovens is not so easily explained. The ovens we visited were four in number, placed at various distances within the space of about a mile. On another creek near Meredith another group of four occurs, also near the Green Hills, exactly the same number is found. Does this point to any division—say one fire for the old men, an other for the lubras, a third for the bachelors, and a fourth for the spinsters? Or is this grouping into four merely accidental? These and other inquiries can be more easily prosecuted now than a few years hence. Even in the present day it is rare to meet with an individual who can give a satisfactory account of the state of the na tives. Those who have written on the aborigines are singularly reticent on the subject of these ovens. In Borwick's second edition of "The Blacks of Victoria," p 36. we have a succinct account of their mode of cooking but no reference to their ovens, yet these must have been used from generation to generation, without change, if we are to account for the great accumulation of ashes, 'I think think that it is Sir C. Lyell in his work on the " Antiquity of Man," that says the aborigines of Australia existed in the days of Abraham. This is perhaps a mere guess sanctioned by the high authority of the learned writer; but if the antiquity of otherwise of the Australian native is ever to be satisfactorily solved and placed beyond the region of probabilities, it is by careful inquiry into the time taken in the formation of these mounds. It is at once admitted that to all appearance they are not very promising fields for research, but curious and important deductions have been derived from less promising. The question received attention some time back in the columns of the Australasian, one writer, with some de gree of plausibility, asserting that they were anciently used as places of worship, it a period when the natives did homage to the sun. That they may have been used for other than cooking purposes is very probable. Lest I might "bush" your readers—mentally, of course—I will specu late no farther. 