DISTRICT ROAD BOARDS. KEILOR -The ordinary monthly meeting of this board was held on Saturday, the 5th inst., the chairman presiding. The members present weie Messrs. Taylor, Grant, Eagling, Ritchie, Delahay, Cahill, and Phelan. Amongst the correspondence was a circular from the Flyers Creek Road Board, showing the advisability of the several road boards uniting in a protest against the injustice done them Dy tho passing in its present form of the'Shires Statute Bill, and to petition Go- vernment to cause the, same to be amended, so that road boards may enjoy similar pri- vileges to those granted to shire councils. The clerk was instructed toreplythattbeboard fully concurred in the suggestions, and would bo happy to send delegates to the conference proposed to be held on the 22nd inst. , A . letter was read from Broadmeadows Road Board proposing to place a collector at the Deep Creek toll-gate, with instructions to collect tolls from non ratepayers only, and to frank all ratepayers in Bullashire, Broad- meadows, and Keilor districts. The Board were of opinion that the proposition could not legally be carried out, and recommended in- stead that the present rate of tolls be íeduccd one-half, as that would relievo the ratepayers, and yet raise sufficient rovonuo to keep the road in repair. The lessee of tho Keilor-bridge toll-gate made an application for an abatement of rent. The gate having been let by tender, the board considered they coiild not grant the request, in justice to the unsuccessful tenderers. The engineer was instructed to prepare a scheme of main road toll fund expenditure, to be submitted to tho board at noxt meeting, and also to make a general inspection of the district, and send m a report of the works most urgently required in tho sovoral subdivisions, and furnish an estimate of the probable cost. The clerk was ordered to prepare a statement of the approximate assets and liabilities of tho board ; also to call for tenders, to be sent in by the next ordinary meeting, for the pur- chase of Keilor-plains toll house and gates, the Maribyrnong tollhouse and gates, and the check-gate and collector's box on the Rockbank road ; the houses and gates to bo tendered for separately. The deposit of Mr. Cotter, late lessee of Maribyrnong toll-gate, was ordered to be refunded. Payments to tho amount of £119 were passed, GARDINER.-The ordinary meeting of this board was held on Wednesday, Mr. Benson presiding. The other members present were Messrs. Cawkwell, Heywood, Stuart, and Young. The minutes of the previous meet- ing were read and confirmed. The corre- spondence included the following letters : -, From Campbell's Creek Road Board, asking this board to join in representing to the Go- vernment the unfair proportion of subsidy given to shire councils over road boards by the new ' bill, and suggesting a conference of road boards to protest.-From Department of Roads and Bridges, relative to Scotchman's Creek toll-gate, inquiring if it were in this district. It wasiresolved that the gate should bo replaced in its former position.-From Crown Lands Office, relative to voto for fencing reserves, stating that £25 was avail- able for this board. Mr. Heywood reported that High-street toll had been let to Mr. Cotter at £1010s. per month, being an ad- vance of £1 5s. per month over last year's letting. The engineer was directed to report relative to the Gardinor's Creek and Dande- nong roads by next meeting. The clerk re- ported that tho balance to the credit of the board in bank amounted to £126 Is. Od., which, with the Government grant of £350 7s. 4d., would make a total ol £476 0s. Id. Tho clerk was directed to re-advertise an election for a member for the western sub- division of the district. Some payments wera made, and the board adjourned. ' EPPING.-A meeting was held on Monday, 7th inst. The members present were-The chairman (Mr. Bastings), Messrs. Dodd, Plant, Tyler, Garton, Mitchell, and Johnson. The correspondence included a letter from the Roads and Bridges department, pointing out that the Local Govornment Act confers no power to alter the toll fares in favour of pas- senger cars, as proposed in the special order transmitted by the board for > the assent of the Governor in Council. A letter was also received from the Public Works Office, declining to extend the water supply to Cunningham street, Northcote, on the ground of the revenue derivable from the tenements being insufficient, at the. same timo promising consideration of the claims of Regent-street, Preston, when other moro pressing claims have been attended to A ciicular was read from the Campbell's Creek Road Board, inviting the Eppinq board to a conference, to be hold at Hockiu's Hotel, on the 22nd inst., for tbe purpose of commencinR an agitation for such an amendment of the Shires Statute as shall place road districts upon an equal footing with shires. The board declined to unite in ' the movement, prefer- ring to call a meeting of the ratepayers to consider the presont position of the district, and to discuss the question of uniting with some other district in the formation of a shire ; it was accordingly decided to hold a public meeting on Tuesday, loth inst, at the board-room, Preston. Circulars were read from thoTroasury, enclosing, on account! £549 5s. 9d., for the final instalment of grant in aid for 1869, and requesting the usual re- turn of rates collected to 31st December, which request the clerk stated had been com- plied with, the'amount being £700 17s. 9d. A proposition made by Mr. Plant, that the metal contracts for the main road should also include maintenance, was negatived, A largo majority of the board being in favour of inviting tendors for the supply of metal, and for carrying out the surface works by day labour. Instructions were given to invite .tenders for 2,500 yards metal; also for worics in Cunningham-street, î^ortheoto, and for the discbaige of the duties of inspec- torship .under the Dog Act. A resolution by which the designation "Plant-street" was at- tached to a street in Northcote was rescinded! In consequence of the 1st of March boing the j day for electing auditors, the board re- solved to hold their ordinary meeting on that day also. Payments were oidored amounting to £138 12s. 5d. i ELTHAM.-This board met on Tuesday last, Mr. John Bell in the chair ; all the other members wore prosent. A letter was received front the Yea Road Boaid, refusing to assist in tho construction of a new road from Queenstown to that district. In reference to an application for, the execution of some necessary repairs to i Watts River bridge, the assistant-commissioner of roads stated that the bridge in question was under the control of this board. A reply was ordered to be sent to the effect that as the bridge and approaches had been constructed by the ^Government, tho responsibility i of repairing thom should not devolve upon the board i The clerk to the Campbell's Creek Road Board wrote suggesting a road board conferí eil ce in Melbourne on the 22nd inst. The chairman and clerk were , appointed dele- gates. A lettor was received from the Whittlesea Road Board, stating that the re} pairs to Rider's bridge had been executed) jmd'requesting this ooard's moiety of the cost.~Tlie amount was ordered to bo paid] A copy of the Shires Statute was received from the Roads and Bridges Office. The clerk observed that almost the only alteration in this act as regaids road districts was with resp&t; to the plurality of votes, ' all" the clauses relating to the privileges intonded to be bestowed upon them having been altered by the Legislative Council. Tho surveyor re- ported that the main-road works wore pro! ]gressinç but slowly, in consequence of the insufficiency of stonobrcakors, but what* had been done had boen done efficiently and satis- factorily. Tho road had boon thrown open to the public. The clerk stated that, under the new Land Act, all the commons, with the exception of gold-field commons, woro placed under the management of the local bodies! and that tho rules and regulations had to be submitted for tho approval of tho Board of Land and Works. It was decided that the managers of the commons in this district! assisted ' by some of the members, should be requested to revise their respective rules and lay thom before the board at their noxt meotf ing. John Brock was tho successful tenderer for the erection of a bridge over Watson's Creek, and for sundry repairs' on the Yarral flats road. Directions were given to,have repaired tho road between the Diamond Creek bridge and the thirteenth mile-post, Payments weie ordered to tho amount of £92j and the board then adjourned. Avery disastrous bushfire broke out on Sunday at the Holy Plains. Great dainago was done. It caught Mr, James Rintouls paddock on Wednesday. ' 