SATURDAY, JUNE l8, 1870. That at the very time tlie question of immigration is engrossing a large share of public attention, and while the Legislative Assembly of the colony is voting a sum of £65,000, and signifying its approval of a set of regulations framed for the purpose of promoting immigration, two meetings of " the " unemployed " should be held in Mel- bourne to protest against any such appropriation of the public money, is one of those anomalies which will puzzle English readers of colonial news- papers. " What do you want with more " people when you cannot provide em " ployment for those you already have !" will be the question which will naturally be asked. To which we must reply, that a meeting of the unemployed in this city means something wholly dif- ferent from the import of such an assemblage in the mother country. It is convened, constituted, and conducted upon peculiar principles. The time of holding such a meeting is fixed so that it may occur immediately before the departuie of the mail. The meetings themselves are not intended to have any effect here, but to operate as a restraint upon emigration from England to Vic- toria. They are not the spontaneous movement of a suffering class, but the deliberately planned and carefully or- ganised demonstrations of a political party. Nine-tenths of the men who take part in them are well to-do citizens, with money in their pockets, good clothes upon their backs, plenty of vic- tuals in their cupboards, and, in many instances, with deposits in the savings bank or shares in a building society. They have no tales of distress to relate, and the speakers are driven to invent sensational stories with which to tickle the ears of their audiences*. But no sooner do these fiction to obtain publicity through the newspapers than they re- ceive an authoritative contradiction. There is no doubt that a small per centage of our population is out of employment, but that per centage is not greater than it usually is at this period of the year-when the winter rains have set in, wh%n the days are short, and the weather is un- favourable for most descriptions of out- door work. And in a country where a skilled labourer can earn in one week the means of maintaining himself for a month, and where the rate of wages is such that a day's earnings will purchase from 24 to 30 four-pound loaMftt, or from 501b. to 601b. of butcher's meat of the best quality, no man can be reduced to destitution by a temporary suspension of the work in which he has been en- gaged. The real condition of the working classes in Victoria is best shown by a few facts, the accuracy of which is indis- putable. In some branches^Ä the building trades, wages have JRSen lately advanced a shilling a day, «nd it was stated last week in the Legislative As- sembly, that at all the public buildings workmen were striking for shorter hours, combined with an increase of pay. On one of the gold-fields, as will be seen by a letter published elsewhere, the working miners struck about two months ago on account of their wages, having been re- duced from £3 to £2 10s. a-week. Sixty-one men were engaged by the manager of the mine to proceed from Ballarat to Wood's Point, to replace those who had struck. Only twenty four of the number came forward, and when they reached their place of des- tination they were met by the men on strike, and furnished with the means of returning home. At the first meeting of " the unem " ployed," great stress was laid upon thei alleged difficulty of obtaining work in the rural districts, and a moving picture was drawn of the distressed condition of some farm labourers, who were repre- sented as being unable to earn^upon an average, more than ten shillings!» week-,, withboardandlodging,all the year round. A Dorsetshire labourer will feel disposed to regard this as a grim joke, and to envy the fortunate husbandmen who consider four or five meals a day and ten shillings a week an insufficient re- muneration for their labour. But even this proves to have been an exaggerated statement j for in the present month of June, when there are only ten hours daylight, and a succession of bad weather has almost put a stop to agri- cultural operations, farmers are offering twelve shillings a week with board to " the unemployed" and six shillings per diem without. As recently as Wednes- day last, the keeper of the oldest labour office in Melbourne was applied to for sixteen farm labourers on the terras mentioned. Fifty men professing to be in want of work, re- ceived in turn an offer of employment at twelve shillings a-week, and their board ; but refused to accept it. Their right to do so is indisputable ; and if their earnings during the summer months leave them a surplus adequate for their maintenance during the winter, in the midst of the social enjoyments and cheap amusements of a populous city, uo.one can quarrel with them for selecting so pleasant a method of hybernation. But if these fifty men constituted, as we have no doubt they did, a section of " the " unemployed " who met in this city on Monday last, and again yesterday, to protest and petition against stato aid to immigration, people in England will be at no loss to understand the groundless- ness and insincerity of the cry which is thus being raised. As a sample of the random state- ments made at these meetings, it may be mentioned that at the first of them it was boldly asserted that one large firm had discharged 540 factory-girls on the previous Friday. It has since been shown, on the authority of one of the largest employers of factory labour in Melbourne, that not more than 350 hands, male and female, have been en- gaged in any one factory during the year. At the second meeting, held yes- terday afternoon, it was averred that 20,000 persons are out of employment in the colony. A more reckless perver- sion of the truth has been rarely in- dulged in, even upon a platform at a public meeting. It is obviously irre- concilable with the facts which we have related above ; and an allegation of this kind could only have been made with the mischievous object of damaging the colony in the estimation of the people of England, and in order to divert immigration to other shores. So long as working miners are found to refuse 45s. a week for eight hours' labour a day ; so long as artisans connected with the building trades find themselves in a position to obtain an advance of a shilling a day; and so long as farm labourers decline to accept engagements at twelve shillings a week, besides their board and lodging, we must venture to deny that there is any general want of employment, and to suspect the motives as well as the statements of the pro- moters of these curiously-timed demon- strations. In another portion of this issue will be found the new Immigration Regula- tions, which have just been adopted by the Victorian Parliament, and which are now the law of the land. They are by no means so liberal as the regulations introduced by the Macpherson Govern- ment, which never came into force, but suchas they are they must be accepted as the only means by which immigrants can be introduced into this colony for some time to come. The amount to be spent under them during the present year is only £65,000, and they do not provide, except to a very small extent, for the free importation of any other class besides female domestic servants. While the colony is languishing through a short supply of the working-classes, the Legislature has only provided for an increase in the number of our work- ing lasses. This is a mistake on the part of lion, members, and one which they might have avoided without any con- siderable sacrifice of that popularity about which they are so solicitous. But our new immigration regulations do not absolutely stop here. Married couples may be sent out free in the proportion of ten such couples to every hundred single women, if our agent general in England cannot otherwise provide the " mess constables " and " protectors " whom it ia deemed ad- visable to employ on board emigrant ships. Moreover, the assisted immi- gration is maintained under which persons resident in the colony can bring out their friends arid relatives at a cheap rate-namely, for males under 15 years, £2 ; under 40 years, £5 ; and over 40 years, £8. For females under 15 years, £1 ; under 40 years, £2 ; and over 40 yeais of age, £5. The regulations con- tain what appear to be ample safe- guards against the introduction into the colony of undesirable persons, and they also make sufficient provision for the safety and comfort of immigrants, not only while at sea but on their arrival here. In one paragraph of the regula- tions it is provided, with a degree of formality which was scarcely re- quired, that the " selection of emigrants " during every month in the year " should be made from England, Ireland, " Scotland, and Wales, in proportion to " the population of such countries re " spectively, according to the last " census for the time being j but if at " the end of any month a full twelfth " part of the funds available during " such year for the purpose of emi " gration from the United Kingdom, " shall not in the proportions aforesaid *' have been exhausted, the residue of " such twelfth part shall be distributed " without íegard to nationality." It is not easy to see the use of this regula- tion, and one effect of it will be to keep alive that kind of limited nationalism which shouldhave no place in the minds of a translated British community. Whether our domestic servants are English or Irish is of no consequence, if only they are willing and competent ; and even if it were wise to regulate the nationality of our immigrants, their numbers should be made to depend upon the number of English, Irish, and Scotch already resi- dent in the colony, rather than upon the respective populations, "according to the *** last census," of this or that part of Great Britain. But no doubt a judicious administration of the regulations will correct this defect. What we want is the best return that can be obtained for our expenditure on single female immi- gration, and if the conditions as to cha racter, &c;, are carefully enforced, there will probably be a surplus left over every month to be expended, irre- spective of the nationality restriction, which the agent-general will be able to employ in sending out to us the most eligible persons-whether English, Irish, or Scotch-whom he can per- suade to go. There is little to object to in theso new immigration regulations, except that they do not go far enough. We should have preferred to find in them a code of rules under which free or assisted immi- gration of all kinds might have been carried on as soon as the Legislatu^l had provided money for that purpose, and all the more that the anti-immigra- tion prejudice which was so prevalent among us a few years since seems now to be almost wholly confined to one class in the community. But the regulations can of course be changed so soon as they are found to be too narrow in their scope, and we feel satisfied that if the Government of the day is wise enough and bold enough to take advantage of the change that is being worked in the public mind, we may have more compre- hensive immigration regulations within a year, and under them such an increase of population as -will greatly add to tlie wealth of the colony, and give a new and lasting impetus to its _growth. ^^^^^^^^^ "The debate which occurred in the ^Legislative Assembly on Thursday even- ing, with respect to the withdrawal of HER MAJESTY'S troops from this colony, i denoted the unsatisfactoiy state of feel- ing which exists between the Imperial and the Victorian Governments. On one side, there is an absence of an intelli ?xgent appreciation of the wants and ' wishes of the colony, and on the other Ahere is an irritable self-assertion and a _howof offended dignity, whichwe should be the first to laugh at if exhibited by another Government on behalf of anothor community. On both sides there is pro- bably some misunderstanding, which mutual explanations might possibly re- move. In the early part of last year, Earl GRANVILLE was informed of the conditions upon which the Legislature -of the colony would continue to pay a -subsidy towards the expense of the Im ; perial troops stationed in Victoria. These ? were, first, that they should remain here in time of war as well as in time of peace, and, second, that they should consist of artillery. Earl GRANVILLE, in reply, stated that he was not surprised at the conditions, but that they could -not be acceded to. At the same -time, before taking any definite action .in the matter, he must await the re- ceipt of more complete information as to the wishes of the Australian colonies generally. Meanwhile, the infantry and artillery would be withdrawn. Since then, the noble Earl in all probability .has placed himself in communication .with the several colonies, each of which lias undergone two or three Ministerial .crises in the interval, and it is easy to -conjecture that he has not yet received the information he sought for from .more than one or two. But in the absence of any definite proposition from the Colonial Office, it is, to say the least of it, indiscreet and undignified on ¿he part of the Government or the Legis- lature of this colony to indulge in what the Americans call "spread-eagleism," to vaunt our independence of spirit, and .to declare our perfect ability to defend and protect ourselves without any ex- traneous assistance whatever. This may ur may not be the case ; but true valour and genuine self-reliance are never ac- companied by a disposition to bragga- docio. Nor does the gasconading sen- timent which seems to find favour inside the walls of the Assembly, meet with much sj rapathy out of doors. There is not the same confidence there in our self-sufficiency should we be attacked by one of the great powers, nor the same disparaging estimate of the help which the Imperial Government would be capable of affording us in such .an emergency. On the other hand, there is a very strong and a very general .desiie to maintain cordial relations with the mother country, and not to weaken that sentiment of filial affection and respect which constitutes one of the few remaining links which bind us, to her. Without a substantial grievance to com- plain of, it would be an evidence both .of bad taste and of bad temper to " set " our backs up " upon every trivial pre- text j wliile it would be mere puerile arrogance to affect to disclaim all need of help from a power which exercises euch a preponderating influence in the affairs of the world as Great Britain . does. Piofessor HALFORD'S explanation of his system of treatment for snake-bites, as read before the Medical Society of Vic- toria on the 1st of June, has been printed in pamphlet form and in the columns of the Australian Medical Journal, and will be forwarded by the outgoing mail for \- £he consideration of the scientific minds of Europe, The error, into which the .Lancet doubtless unconsciously fell, of supposing that the professor claimed to have first suggested the use of ammonia in cases of snake-bite, or to have dis- covered a totally new method of ope- rating with remedial agents, will be \- corrected, and the inestimable value « of what he has really accomplished will be amply demonstrated. With ex- cellent taste, Dr. HALFORD avoids entering upon any direct controversy with the Lancet writer. He contents himself with laying before the medical world a plain straightforward story of ' the work which has engaged his enthu- siastic attention for years past, details the instances in which his professional jbrethren in all parts of the colony have adopted the treatment he recommended, and calmly awaits the favourable ver- dict of his European contemporaries. The number of cases to which Dr. ?HALFORD is enabled to refer in his paper amounts to twenty. They oc- curred in different and distant localities in Victoria and New South Wales, and . are reported to him by various prac ' titioners, the remedy in only one in- stance having been applied by his own land. Of these twenty, three only . ¡terminated fatally. A child was the sufferer in each fatal case, and in two of the three," at least, it was apparent \- 4hat the remedy had never a fair chance -of success. In many of the instances ?an which recovery was effected, the patient was regarded as lost beyond the _ope of relief ; and in some, the effect of the injection of the ammonia is re- ported to have been positively magical. <Whatever may be the opinion of a few . .biassed or misinformed minds, there can le no doubt that a number of persons are at this moment walking about in robust liealth, who firmly believe that they owe their lives to the treatment which Pro -fessor HALFORD has the merit of suggesting and perfecting. The credit claimed by Dr. HALFORD, which cannot be justly withheld from him, is that he first proposed to fight a . fierce and swift enemy by an equally .fierce and prompt opponent] that in Btead of dallying with ammonia or other medicines on the surface, while the poison from the snake fang is coursing through the veins, he cuts his way into a blood-vessel, and sends the re- medy to tackle the intruder within the seat of life. In 51 seconds after the .poison has entered the blood it has been transmitted by the energetic action »of the heart into every minute capillary -of the system. The effect is to rob the ¿Wood of its life-maintaining power, and thus to paralyse the muscles with which the capillaries are so intimately con- nected. By injecting ammonia into the veins, the action of, yhe h,eart js re- stored, the blood again performs its natural functions, and the paralysis is' defeated. It would be impossible to administer liquor ammonias of such strength by any ordinary process,' but it is found that it may safely be injected into the blood when" it could not, with- out destruction, be allowed to touch the tissues. We have no doubt that a perusal of the paper read by Dr. HALFOED will cause him to receive from men of emi- nence at home the same measure of justice which has already been accorded him by the vast majority of the pro- fession and public of Australia. He has laboured long at his task with the' zeal and ardour of the true physician, who " only seeks to advance the welfare and happiness of mankind, and the smallest reward which can bo accorded1 him is, that his work shall receive un- grudging and generous recognition. We understand that the Hon. Charles Man ñera Sutton, tho private secretary to His Excellency tho Governor, is about to take six months' leavo of absence, with the view of paying a visit to England. Mr. Manners Sutton will go home by way of San Fran- cisco and New York, and will be accompanied by the "Rev. Mr. Sandys, the tutor to His Excellency's'younger sons, who returns home, on the completion of tho education of'his charges. The Hon. John Manners Sutton will also, wo believe, shortly leavo the colony, for the purpose of entering the counting house of the firm of Gibbs, Bright, and Co., Liverpool. Curiosity has been expressed in scientific circles as to the cause that has led to Mr. Le Sueur's resignation of his post as "ob- server" in connexion with the "great Mel- bourne telescope." Until official silence is broken, we cannot state what has given rise to the step, but we are enabled most positively to assert that, so far as avowals go, the construction and qualities of the telescope, or any criticisms thereon, from whatever source, have had nothing to do with the matter. As will bo seen by a notice, which appears in our advertising columns, the trustees of the Public Library and Musoums are prepared to íeceivo applications from persons desirous of being admitted as students in the National Gallery and School of Painting. Mr. MacBain writes to explain that in his remarks in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday last he intended to refer to tho unsatisfactory manner in which tho public works-not the public institutions-of tho country are carried on ; and he states that next session ho will move for a select com- mittee to consider the whole question. The cantata composed by Mr. C. B. Horsley for the festival at the opening of the new Town-hall, is now finished, and, from such opportunities as we have had of judging of its merits, we have no hesitation in saying that it is worthy of the composer and of the occa- sion. The Philharmonic Society and all the choral societies of this city, have expressed a desire to join in its production, so that it may be rendered with all the effect desirable. The members of the whole musical profession are strongly sensible of the liberality of the mayor in having commissioned Mr. Kendall and Mr. Horsley to prepare a high-class work expressly for this occasion. The chief magistrate has set a noble example in the ready encouragement he has thus given to art, in the persons of the composer and the poet. If the wealthy classes of Victoria would but emulate this instance of generous recognition, all the sister arts would begin to flourish among us, and we might realise the truth, ages ago demonstrated, that democratic institutions and the highest development of art-genius are perfectly compatible. Some time since we announced that a coal seam was on fire in the neighbourhood of Cape Patterson. Wo are now informed, on what appears to be good authority, that the scene of the fire is between tho Bass Uiver and Cape Patterson, and that the existence of the seam at that point was not known until four or five months ago, when the deso- lating bush-fires then prevalent ignited it. It is now supposed to be a continuation of the one discovered by Mr. Carew, and more than 2ft. thick. Those who are still interested in these coal-fields maintain that the ignition of this coal seam is only another proof that when the Government Geological department alleged that they knew every seam between the Bass and the Tarwin they were somewhat mistaken, and that these mistakes may further go the length of a totally wrong idea of tho coal formations in that neighbour- hood. Mention has been made in Parliament of tho "ornamental" duties performed by the infantry in garrison hore, which it is sup- posed by some must, in tho absence of the regular military, be performod by the local force. It is not generally known what they are, except that they consist in the main of mounting guard. At present there is a sentry at Toorak, three sentries at tbo barracks, and one sentry at the powder magazine. When the 2-14th wero here, guard had to be mounted at the gaol as well, but the superior conduct of the 2-18th men renders this duty unne- cessary. Further, one if not two sentries will have to mount guard at the mint, and if we have a local force, one will probably bo stationed at the Treasury. It must be boino in mind that each sentry represents six or nine mon, according to tho frequency of relief. Whother the "local force" which is prospectively present in the minds of so many will undertake all theso duties is doubtful. The real work to be done is regular artillery duty-such as mounting and taking caro of the guns, and keeping the stores in order, There is no expectation that the crumbling away of tho batteries already erected will cause extra work in a locality where the supply of sand and navvy labour is comparatively unlimited. The idea most in vogue among the local military authorities seems to be, so far as the thing can be ascertained, in favour of a small force, which shall act in time of need as leaven to a full force of 1,200 artillerymen. It is held to be a consideration that the Cerberus may go on a sandbank while in action, when the full power of artillery on shore will be needed, albeit, the 1,200 men, backed in case of a rush from boats by a sufficiently largo force of riflomon, are reckonod as sufficient. It is not improbable that at least a portion of the report on the subject of defences, sup- plied to the Treasurer by tho colonel- com- mandant, may be laid bofore Parliament during next week. A new kind of meat-preserving has just been introduced on a substantial scalo to the Melbourne market. Some time since the Lake Boga Game and Fish Preserving Com- pany was formed, and commenced operations at Swan-hilL They failed, hut the project is being successfully carried on by a Mr. Ander- son, who is now supplying his agents in Melbourne, Messrs. Broadbent and KitchiD? man, with 21b.-tins of teal widgeon, pigoon, goose, turkey, wild duck, and a variety of i native gamo ; also, Murray cod aud bream. The tins are thoroughly well put up, and the game when opened is in every respect equal to the same quality of game sent from, England by the provision marchants. The colonial tins have this great advantage, they are filled with the prime parts of tho birds in England a bird goes to a tin-and are* about half the price. While on this subject,. it may be stated that the tinning of rabbits,' now so plentiful and fat, is being carried out on a large scale by tho Melbourne Meat Pre- serving Company. It is also, we learn, being considered whether that company will not offer a challenge to compare their goods with the best turned out of the Admiralty manu- factory at Deptford or elsewhere, for £50 or £100. They hold that when their meat was judged by the London Society of Arts, and thought slightly inferior to the navy meat, the Deptford contractor had had the opportunity of preparing himself- for the competition by purchasing meat of extra fineness, and such like means, whereas their tins were taken from stock at random, and sent to the Chief Secretary's office without their destina- tion being known. The opinion of the authorities of H.M.S. Galatea was decidedly in favour of the Melbourne Company's meat in preference to that supplied from the Dept- ford yards, and there is this important dis- tinction between the two, viz., that the Melbourne meat can bo supplied at a maxi, mum of Gd. per pound, while, according to the statement of Mr. Alderman Lush, M.P., returns furnished to the House of Commons showed that the Admiralty preserved meat costllAd. per pound, and the saving of evory penny per pound saved the country £15,000 per annum. The following sittings of local Land Boards under the Land Act, 18G9, aro announced in the Government Gazette /-Talbot, 24th Juno ! Casterton, 24th June ; Belvoir, 24th June ; Colac, 28th Jane ; Camperdown, 29th June ; Mortlake, 30th Juno ; Ballarat, 30th June ; Warrnambool, 2nd July ; Belfast, 4th July ; Melbourne, 5th July ; Castorton, Cth July ; Inglewood, 7th July; Stawell, 7th July! Hamilton, 8th July. It is notified in the Government Gazelle that Signor Giovanni Branchi has been appointed to be the vice-consul of the King of Italy at Melbourne, in the room of Signor Cossu. The following have been appointed as Com- missioners of tho Supreme Court of the colony of Victoria for taking affidavits ¡-James Wil- liam Gill, of Hobait Town, during his resi- dence at or near HobartTown ; John Bennett) of Chiltern, during offico as acting clerk of petty sessions ; Elliott Mooro Cairnes, of Blackwood, during office as clerk of courts. A new schedule of charges for the convey- ance of wool on the Government railways, in substitution of former schedules, was pub- lished in last night's Gazelle. The registrar-general's -weekly abstract of births and deaths registered in the metro- politan and suburban districts during the week ending 11th June, shows that during the period in question 143 births wore registered as against 70 doaths. Five out of the 12 deaths registered at Collingwood resulted from fever of a typhoid character. The othei districts aTo comparatively healthy. Amonsfc the appointments contained in last night's Gazette are the following :-Mr. li. M'Niece to act as registrar of the County Court, clerk of the Court of Mines, and clerk of petty sessions at Kyneton, during the ab- sence of Mr. O'Meara; Mr. Maurice Keppel to be deputy-registrar of births and deaths for the Marysville district ; and Mounted constable E. Murphy, stationed at Tarna- gulla, to be Crown lands bailiff for the Mary- borough district, Between 300 and 400 professedly "unem- ployed" men held a meeting, convened by placards, at the Polytechnic-hall, yesterday afternoon. Mr. Forsyth, the chaiiman of the meeting held at the same place on Monday last, presided ; and the speakers were Messrs, Hickson, Thompson, Shields, Doyle, Hen- derson, and Bankin. A memorial to the Queen, and a letter in reply to the de- spatch of Earl Granville, inquiring what prospects the colony held out to immi- grants, were unanimously adopted. These documents complained of the conduct of the Legislative Assembly in treating a peti. tion from the unemployed with contempt, and of the Government in expending public money on immigration, without the sanction of Par- liament. They represented that there were about 20,000 unemployed persons in the co- lony, including 3,000 miners at Ballarat, and 800 iron-workers. They prayed that neither Her Majesty nor Lord Granville would sanc- tion any scheme of emigration ; and that the old colonists resident in London should not be allowed to interfere between the Imperial Government and the colony. The proceed- ings were for the most part of a tame descrip- tion, and unmarked by anything like warmth of feeling. It was announced to some 00 or 70 persons who attended a meeting of the Protection and Anti-State Aid Immigration League, held last evening, at the Belvidere Hotel, that in the interests of the working classes, whose views were at present ignored by the press, it was considered necessary to start a daily journal, to be called the Tribune, to expressly advocate unqualified protection to native industries, and other reforms which were imperatively required. Mr. Longmor«, M.L.A., who pre- sided, stated that the promoters of the new undertaking expected to experience no diffi- culty in starting the paper, as they had already received very liberal promises of support. The contempt with which, it was alleged, the petition adopted at the last meeting of the league had been treated by the Assembly, appears to have Riven considerable offence, and on themotion of Mr. J. B. Hickson, it was resolved to present a petition, couched in somewhat similar terms, to His Excellency the Governor, praying him to dissolve Parlia- ment at the end of the present session, for the purpose of enabling the country to express an opinion upon the great question which at present agitated the political world. A depu- tation was appointed to present the petition. Nothing fresh has been reported to the police relative to the supposod suicide of Mons. D'Aloustel. The body has not yet been found, and very probably, if it is in the rivor, will not be discovered until it is washed over the Falls below Prince's-bridge. Several shoals of unusually large-sized perch and silver bream have visited the bay this week, and the circumstance is considered indicative of rough weather for some time to come. By telegraph from Sydnoy we have Now Zealand intelligence to the 8th inst. The friendly natives under Bopata, it is stated, have again routed To Kooti's force at Waioeka, killing several of the rebels. Twenty-five of the rebels have surrendered at Opotiki. A letter from Bishop Patterson, dated Auckland, May 12, has been received in Mel- bourne, from which the Church of England Messenger regrots to learn that ho had been suffering from severe illness, which had kept him from work for ten weeks. He was much better, howover, and hoped soon to be able to make the voyage to Norfolk Island. As it is intended to adhoro to tho higher scale of prices at the Theatre lloyal on the occasion of tho ontortainmont in aid of the Society for the Relief of tho Educated Poor, a correspondent suggests to the committee the advisability of reserving tho stalls for the benefit of those taking scats beforehand. Asuitwas heard in the Vice-Admiralty Court yesterday, in which Messrs. Spence Brothers preferred a claim for £98 for tho towago of tho schooner Little Fred, at Hokitika, New Zealand, in 1807. Tho present owner of tho vessel had purchased her since the services ?wero rendered, and it was contended for him that the claim was one which should have been made before ho bought. Judgment was reserved. In the Equity Court yestorday, an applica- tion was made in tho suit of Jamison v. Johnson, on behalf of tho National Bank, for an order directing the delivery to the bank of the deeds of land at Daylesford, to which the applicants considered they shad a préfèrent claim. Mr. Justice Molesworth considered that the matter should not bo brought for. ward on a motion by a body not a party to the cause, and therefore refused the applica- tion without prejudice to tho right of the Bank to institute a suit for the purpose of attaining the object. The Melbourne Criminal Sessions were continued yesterday. Louis Le Compte was acquitted on charges of having committed perjury at the Heidelberg Police Court in December last, and the Melbourne Criminal Sessions in February of this year. Three men of respectable appearance, named Thomas M'Mahon, Michael Rowan, and John Duggan, -were arraigned on a charge of having maliciously wounded Charles Heffer- nan, on the 25th of May. The prisoners, it will bo remembered, were passing near the Par liament-yard, in Spring-street, about half-past 2 in the morning, whon a quarrel took place between thom and Heffernan, and William Martin and William Warren, three young men, who, the prisoners seem to have thought, were following them with the intention of robbing them. The case yesterday was remark- able for the false swearing of one or other of the three witnesses for the prosecution - Heffer- nan, Martin, or Warren- as they contradicted each other most materially. The appearance of these witnesses was strikingly in contrast with that of the prisoners, who, as previously stated, seemed to be respectable, while the other three very much resembled the class now termed "larrikins." It was, however, clear that Heffernan was stabbed in the en- counter, and the jury, considering that Dug- gan had committed the offence, returned a verdict of "Guilty" against him, and acquitted Rowan and McMahon. Duggan was remanded for sentence. A moro uninviting day than yesterday could hardly be selected for any out-of- door amuse- ment with the exception of khunting. The heavy fog and constant drizzling rain seemed so unfavourable that it was at once assumed by intending visitors to Croxton-park that the wrestling match botween Scott and Padon would be postponed. However, both men kept the appointment at the Black Bull Hotel, whore the remainder of tho money was to bo made good. Scott's backer evidently thought the weather unfavour- able to his man, and declined to pay up ; consequently Padon went out to Croxton-park to claim the forfoit of £20, and Scott, evidently not thinking the match was off, also went out. As neither party was satisfied with the turn affairs had taken, a match was struck up between the mentor £10 a-side for the first fivo falls. After considerable difficulty, Mr. Hitchin found a pieco of ground sufficiently firm for the men to wrestle upon. The umpires and referee were chosen without the least dispute, and about 30 persons, who had been drawn to the spot by the rumour of the match, carno out in the rain to witness the sport. The men soon stripped and came out to the spot chosen, and no timo was lost in setting to work. Affcor a bhoit set-to, the first fall was scored to Scott, und Padon followed suit with a clean throw off tho left leg and hip. Scott scored the next fall-a back buttock, and then anothor. The betting was now two to one on Scott. On íesuming play, Padon scored a fall, as Scott lost his hold. Padon also won tho next fall. The men were now three and three, and offers to back Padon at even monoy did not meet with any íesponso. Both men were now playing very cautiously, and after a very sharp struggle Scott won tho next throw by an inside click. In the next wrestle Scott did not seem to bo in such con- dition as Padon, who threw his adversaiy in splondid stylo with the right leg and back heel. Both men were extremely caroful over the next struggle, it being the deciding one. After a very good wrestle, in which, however, it was evident that Padon had the advantage in both strength and condition, ho throw Scott with the left leg and won the match. The wrestling lasted about an hour and a quarter. It rained incessantly the whole time, and the ground was so saturated with wet that three fresh positions had to be taken up before the match was over. Every- thing passed off with the greatest good humour, and during the whole match there was not tho slightest dispute. Scott attri- butes his defeat to tho slippery state of the ground, and, while admitting ho was fairly beaten, is of opinion that ho would have proved the victor if the ground had been firm enough to get a foothold. The backer of Padon expressed his readiness to match him against any man 12st. weight for £50 a sido. If the ten-mile race for tho championship of Australia, arranged to come off this after- noon on the Melbourne Cricket-ground, takes place, it will bo performed undor very un- favourable conditions, as, although every effort has been made to get the running rink in a thoroughly fit condition, the recent heavy rains must havo rendered tho ground too soft for racing purposes. Higgins and Austin, the two competitors, may be con- sidered tho long-distance champion pedes- trians of Victoria and New South Wales respectively, so that, independently of the novelty of the race, the contest is looked forward to with much interest on account of the intercolonial character it assumes. Both men aro reported to bo in excellent condi. tion, so that there is every probability of the distance being dono in good time. The entries for the supplementary sports in connexion with the match between Hewitt and Harris, at tho Friendly Societies' ground, this day week, aro to close on Monday even- ing. The straight course of 300 yards, which is being prepared for the match itself by a friend of the colonial champion skilful in such work, is nearing completion, and pro- mises to bo one of a very superior character. It coincides for a considerable distance with the gravelled walk that runs from the western to the eastern sido of the grounds. In case of bad weather, the committeo have power to put off the match. Both competitors are get- ting on satisfactorily with thoir training, Hewitt being at St. Kilda, and Harris at Heidelberg ; and thoro is every likelihood of an exciting contest. It appears tho competi- tors have agreed among themselves to hand over a portion of the recoipts to the Walsho I fund. There is to be ono general charge of admission to the ground. Tho usual weekly mooting of the Council of the Acclimatisation Society was hold yesterday at their office. Present-Dr. Black (president), Dr. Von Mueller, Count Castolnau, Mr. Ven- ables, Mr. Moule, and Dr. J. Black. The secretary announced that a box of silkworm eggs had beon received from India through His Excellency the Governor by tho last mail, and that the eggs wero now In courso of distribution. Mr. G. Sprigg, formerly a secretary of the society, was unanimously elected a member of tho council. It is announced in the Church of England Messenger, that the next examination of candidates for holy orders and readers, will commenco at 11 o'clock on Tuesday, Decem- ber 0,1870, in the building on the Cathedral reserve, East Melbourne, and on subsequent days will bo continued at half-post 9. All persons who intend to present thomsolves must send a written notice to the Rev. Geo. Goodman, chaplain to the bishop, boforo November 20. A very daring deceit, practised by a suitor upon tho judgo of tho County Court, and also on ono of tho counsel practising before that tribunal, was exposed yestorday under tho following circumstances. It may bo remem- bered thaton Wednesday last, aporsonnamod Mansell sued Mr. Theodore Hancock for £18 for work and labour dono, and recovered a verdict for that amount, with £5 14s. Od. costs. Plaintiff's case on that occasion was conducted by Mr. Byrne Yesterday morning Mr. G. P. Smith called tho attention of tho court to the fact that in reality there had been no solicitor retained by the plaintiff, al- though that individual bad misled his counsel into the bclicE that he had engaged tho services of Mr, Dickson. Tho way in which the deception was effected was this. Tho plaintiff in the first instance requested Mr, I G. P. Smith to conduct the case for him, but that gentleman declined to do so without the intervention of a solicitor The man after- wards sought the services of Mr. Byrne, and presenting to that gentleman a memorandum signed, or purporting to be signed, by a clerk of Dickson, and stating that Dickson was absent from his omeo, and that the writer did not know when he would bo back, led Mr Byrne to believe that Dickson's services were retained by him in the matter. Imme- diately after the conclusion of the trial Mr. Byrne communicated with Mr. Dickson, for tho purpose of ascertaining whether he was retained by tho plaintiff, and received a re- ply in the negative. The plaintiff had there- fore received larger costs than he was entitled to, inasmuch as the £514s. Od. included the fee of a solicitor. His Honour said tho plaintiff had deceived both him and Mr. Byrne, and that a notice ought to be served upon him ' calling upon him to show cause why the costs should not bo reduced. On Saturday last, as previously reported, an order in tho nature of an injunction was granted by his Honour Judge Pohlman, to restrain Mr. Thomas Gale, tho aeronaut, from exhibiting or ascending with a balloon in which he held a joint interest with Mr. W. D. Cooper, unless ho should bavo previously obtained the consent of tho said Cooper. The injunction was duly obeyed, and the differ- ence between the parties was amicably settled yesterday. The terms of the arrange- ment arrived at are that Mr. Gale shall pay Mr. Cooper £10 each for permission to make four consecutive ascents in the balloon, after which it is to become his (Gale's) property. A bond was to be given to Cooper as security for payment of the £40, and in the event of this condition being complied with to the satisfac- tion of Cooper, the balloon will make the first of the four ascents at Ballarat on Mon- day next. A case showing that the parents are some- times wholly to blame if their children take to evil ways, was heard at the City Court yes- terday, when a girl of 13, named Carolino M. Benbow, was charged with being an idle and disorderly person. The father, a hawker, had taken out a warrant for the girl's arrest, and stated ho was living apart from his wife, whom ho had left at Ballarat with tho girl. The latter left her mother a short time ago, and came to Melbourne, where she got a situation, which, howover, she only kept for a few days, and then took to knocking about theill-famedlocality of Romeo- lane. The girl's statement, howover, was very different. She said that her mother at Ballarat had informed her that her father was dead, and she had taken to living with another man, but the girl being unable to agree with the new comer, loft her mother's house, and hearing that her father was alive, came to Melbourno to find him out. Arrived at Melbourno, she obtained a situation at an hotel, but loft it after a short time, as she did not suit, though her mistross gave her a good character, and sho then went to stop at tho house of a Mrs. Anderson, in Romeo-lane, while waiting till she could ob toin another placo. The father had gone to the girl's first employer, and had obfcainod her week's wages, some 10s. Constable Flannory, who had made inquiries, corroborated the statement of the girl, and said that Mrs. Anderson bore a very good character. The Bench discharged the gill, and ordored a constable to go to the father's house, and get from him the 10s, belonging to his daughter, which they directed to be given up to her. Where large sums of money aro involved, people cannot be too careful how they attach their signatures to negotiable documents in endorsement of their contents, A case in point was heard at the City Court yesterday, when a man named Stophcn Towan was brought up on a charge, to which ho pleaded "Guilty," of having forged an acceptance for £57 12s., purporting to be signed by Mossrs. Rigg and Wade, coopers in Little Bourke street, The forged acceptance was cashed by Mr. Waxman, on the strength of its having been endorsed by a Mr. F. H, Haro, a baker in Simpson's-road, who endorsed it becauso ho believed it to be genuino, as represented by the prisoner, whom he had known for five years. Mr. Hare consequently becomes re- sponsible for the amount of the acceptance, which Mr. Waxman can demand from him. The prisoner was committed for trial. The vagaries of an eccentric lover of litiga tion bearing the appellation of Joseph Bragge Slack caused a considerable amount of amusement, mingled with feelings of im- patience and annoyance, at the City Court yesterday, during the hearing of a charge of wilful and corrupt perjury, brought by him against a person named William Hendon Winder. Slack was an elderly man, with a face that would be a fortune to a low comedy actor, from its extraordinary mobility and capability for the execution of curiously expressive winks and grimaces. He had a smattering of law, coupled with a great memory for dates, and a con- juror-like faculty of producing law papers especially affidavits-from all parts of his garments. When in the witness-box he had both hands full of affidavits, rolls of affi- davits sticking out of every pocket, and more affidavits piled up round him on the edge of the box in such a way that at each move- ment he knocked down two or three, and as he was incessantly bobbing about, the court messenger was fully employed in picking up and replacing the fallen documents. His manner to every one in court was very im- pertinent, and after requesting the police magistrate to read aloud a certain affidavit, he interrupted him in the middle of the perusal to caution his Worship against inserting words which were not in the paper. The charge of perjury broke down completely, and appeared to be an attempt to lay the onus of an inadvertent clerical error in a certain rule of administration on the shoulders of the de- fendant, who was administrator of certain lands which Slack claimed the right of ad- ministering. The case was dismissed after some three hours had been wasted in listen- ing to what Mr. G. P. Smith, who appeared for the defence, designated as the " ravings of a lunatic." But before this consummation had been arrived at, Slack had grossly insulted Mr. Smith by making use of some words to the effect that he was no statesman, and it was " No wonder that Supple tried to do for you." For this contempt of Court, which was the climax of his previous very in- sulting manner towards the Court, Slack was committed to gaol for 24 hours. After Mr. Smith had left, Slack offered to apologise, but Mr. Sturt, P.M., said that he could not accept the apology in the absence of Mr. Smith, and Slack was therefore sent to gaol. He was used to this, however, according to a statement which was made, that he had been under commitment for several months for contempt of a higher Court, and he philoso- phically gave an order for his dinner to be taken to the gaol. A second charge of perjury preferred by Slack against a person named Gillum was dismissed at the conclusion of the first case. Tho police havo made a raid upon Sunday traders and harbourcrs of bad characters amongst tho publicans of Melbourne, more . than a dozen of whom wero summonod to tho District Court yesterday. William Gard ner, of Gardner's Hotel, at tho corner of Bourke and Swanston streets, was unod 40s., with 15s. costs, for permitting liquor to bo drunk on Sunday on his promises, an objec- tion that there was no proof that tho drinkers were not lodgers being overruled, on the ground that thoy wero drinking in the public bar. Wm. H. Smith, of tho White Horse Hotel, Bourke-streot, was fined 60s., with Ms. costs, for a similar offence. Chas. Downie was summoned for selling liquor on Sunday, and also for allowing pros titutcs to assemble on his premises, the Aus- tralia Felix Hotel, at the corner of Bourko and Russell streets. A number of those women, and also a number of men, wero found oh tho p^T" aftf m^night on Saturday. For the oiu°nc° ?«.*?* dnnk on Sunday, Downie was fin«*? ** mtlJ.218' «»«». while ho was let off with «. «»«woona» other charge. John McCaig, of the Shakes- peare Hotel, Stephen- street, was fined 40s., with 15s. costs, for selling liquor on Sunday. Frederick Miller, of the Monn.aS star Hotel, Little Bourke-streot, was sum. mon(;d for allowing thieves and prostrtntei.' _ ° bo on his promises ; hut there was an eu~0T as to dato in the summons, and as the defend- ant did not consent to have- it amended by the Bench, the case was dismissed. John Amery, of tho Australian Hotel, Little Bourke street, was fined £3, with a guinea costs, for allowing liquor to bo drunk on his premises on Sunday ; but two othor charges, of permit- ting thieves and prostitutes to ossomble on his premises, were dismissed. Michael Hackett, of the Governor Bourko Hotel, Little Lons dale-street, was fined 20s., with 15s. costs, for selling liquor on Sunday. Thomas Amies, of the Now Exhibition Hotel, Russell-streot, was fined 30s., with 15s. costs, for a like offonco. Thomas Chanter, of the All Nations Hotel, King-street, Stephen Wallis, of tho Royal Highlander Hotel, Flinders-street, J. W. Kelly, of the Rose of Australia Hotel, Russell-street, and P. S. Brennan, of the Now York Hotel, Bourke-streot, wero oach fined 20s., with 15s. costs, for selling liquor on Sunday. Francis Zeplin, lesseo oí the Varieties or Thoatro Comique, Bourko-strcot, was also summoned for Sunday trading, but as it appoared that he was not the licensee of tho bars for the sale of drink, the charge was withdrawn. Mr. F. Stephen conducted the cases for the prosecu tion,andMr.Gillott,solicitor,and Mr. Pridham, barrister, appeared for tho defenco in some of the cases. It is to be hoped that the polico will not consider that in taking theso proceed- ings thoy havo done all that is necessary, as there aro many other publicans who aro equally offenders, some of them keeping more pretentious houses than those kept by the persons fined, and the latter need to bo looked after more sharply than over, as thoy act on the principle that the police will refrain from taking notice of their doings for some timo after they havo secured a conviction against them. James Connelly, landlord of the Thistlo Inn, was brought up, on remand, at the Goo- long Police Court yesterday, on a charge of robbing a lodger of £12. The house has for a long time borne a bad name, and was cha- racterised by the mayor as a "low den," but the chargo of robbory was not sustained, and Connelly was acquitted. A cool thief walked into a bootmaker's shop in Little Collins-street on Thursday evening, and asking for a pair of boots was handed a pair, which he put on aud imme- diately "bolted" with. Ho was overtaken' however, and refusing to pay for the boots was given into custody. On being taken bo fore tho City Bench yestorday, ho was sent to gaol for a month. His name was Thos. H. Bryan. Tho following lands havo been gazetted as temporarily reserved from sale :-Fivo acres three roods (more or less), county of Talbot, town of Bung Bong, as a site for public re- creation ; ono acre two roods at Cowes, Phillip Island, as a sito for public purposes, boing allotments 11, 12, 13, 14,15, and IG, section 0 ; at Stawell, as a site for proposed reservoir, 1,506 acres, county unnamed, parish un- named. Notice is given that the following lands are to be permanently reserved from sale:-At Mortlake, the sita for Wesloyau Church purposes, temporarily reserved for those purposes by ordor of 27th February, 18G5 ; at Wedderburne tho site for Church of England purposes, temporarily reserved by order of 3rd October, 1864 ; at Beeac, the site for Presbyterian place of public worship and minister's dwelling, temporarily reserved on the 13th March, 1865 ; at Ballarat East, the site for town-hall purposes, temporarily re- served by order of 13th November, 18G2, con- sisting of two acres three roods. By tho Alexandra, which arrived early this morning, we have Sydney dates to tho 15th inst. All the news of any interest has been anticipated by telegraph. _ It is extremely improbable that there will be any football to-day, hut should tho weather prove fine, and the gTounds bo in a condition to bo played upon, a uumbor of matches are arranged to come off. Tho Melbourno Club will meet the nobson's Bay Club on the metropolitan ground ; tho Carlton"and Albert Park Clubs will play at tho Royal Park ; the second twenties of the sarao clubs at Albert Park ; and tho Collingwood and Carlton United at tho Royal Park. The games will bo commenced at half-post 2 o'clock. Tho Commercial notol in Corio-street, Geelong, which atone time was the principal hotel in the chief street of tho town, was sold by auction on Friday for £210. On ono occasion the goodwill alono of this house was sold for no less than £2,000, but témpora mutantur; and latterly Corio-street, from being the oldest and busiest street in Geelong, has become almost deserted, and most of tho properties in it aro now tenantless. At the same timo the Britannia Hotel, in Yarra street, was sold for £420, which was con- sidered a very satisfactory price. A meeting of gentlomon favourable to tho establishment of a winter steeplechase meet- ing in Geelong, was called for Thursday evening, but owing probably to tho wet weather, the attendance was so small that nothing was done. It is likely that tho sub- ject will soon bo revived, however, as most of the sporting men of the town aro known to be in favour of the project. This evening Mr. Robort Heller will give a vocal and instrumental concort at the Princess's Theatre, whon ho will give a selec- tion of his pianoforte recitals. Ho will bo assisted by Mr. and Mrs. Allon (who appoar for tho first time beforo a Melbourno audi- ence), nerr Lundborg, Horr Borg, and Mr. A. Wilkie. Weston's Opera-bouso re-opens to-night with a now minstrel troupo, under the management of Messrs. Frank Weston and La Feuillado. The new troupo, consisting of 22 perforators, to judge from thoir perform- ances at rehearsal, aro likely to give satisfac- tion, tho vocal portions promising to bo espe- cially good, as there aro several remarkably fine voices amongst tho singers. A specialty in to-night's progrommo will bo Mr, G. B. Allen's tenor song " Whon the roses bio w, " with a chorus of eight voices, and a iluto obligato, arranged by Mr. N. La Feuillado. It is in- tended to givo selections from favourite operas by the singers during the sooson in addition to tbo moro usual ballads, which wero so favourably recoivod when the hatf first oponed. Mr. Weston will to-night take his old position of "middle-man," Messrs. Warren and Buckby assuming tho roles of "tambourine" and "bones" as cornor mon. During the season, which is not intondod to bo a long one, will bo produced several novel- ties, including a now nigger comicality, re- cently tho rogo in New York, known as "Shoo fly, don't bodder me," and a song and dance in the " Big sunflower" stylo, called * Love among the roses." No traeos remain n the hall of tho recent battle for possession, and the stage appurtonancos and sconory are entirely new. Tho orchestra is a very large ono, and it is intended to make a feature of tho instrumental selections during the inter- val between the first and second parts. Already a largo number of seats have boon taken for to-night. Tho Theatre Royal was very fairly attended last night, notwithstanding the vory uu. favourablo stato of the weather. Tho play of '. Tho Lady of Lyons " was ropeatcd, in which Mrs. Bandmann took the part of Paulino DcBchappellcs. This was followod by tbo trial scene from tho "Merchant of Venice." Tho ballet farce of "Magic Toys"broußht the performances to a close. This evening Mr. Bandmann will make his first appear- ance in Melbourno in the> sensational drama of " The Duko's Motto," 