PASTORAL' AND AGRICULTURAL. THE weather lina been ohaugoabto and unsettled at Wagga "Wagga. In tho carly part of last woek, reports tho Express, showei'3 were of frequent occurrence, nnd tho temperature) at times was so low that fires had very generally been resorted to. During the last row days it has been rather milder, but for this period of tho year is still moat unusually cool. Shearing has been progressing very rapidly, and on all but a fow stations wiji now soon bo brought to a close. Tho grass, asa j rule, is vory long indeed, and .with a .fow dry Bunny days will become dangerously inflammable. On most of tho runs in the district an immense,quantity of fonoing-very much of it brush-baa been erected within tho last thrco years, and squatters therefore aro very naturally boooming ' extremely anxious on tho sooro of bush fires. Notices warning travellers and others of the risk bf leaving camp-fires burning, nnd of penalties to whioh they wi'l subject themselves by so doing are plentifully distributed, by way of precaution ; and on FOUJO stations arrnugemeuts have been made for posting look-out mon on tho hilts lo givo early intima- tion of tho outbreak of fires. It ia to bo hoped that during tho coming season of- unusual ri»k special pre- cautions will ou all sides betaken to prevent timi check the outbreak of bush- fires, for should they bnco got a good hold upon tho long grass tho consequences could not fnil to be disastrous in tho oxtreme. From tho north und west we kcur that tho continued wotness of the weather' prevents tho ' movements of stock, but that ns soon as tho ¡rround dries large numbers of cattle and sheep will bo diipatclicd for the southern market». In tho local mnrket fut bullocks aro worth from L5 10s to LO 10s, but the demand is not quite so brisk aa of late. Fat sheep nro very dull, the demand being con- fined to local requirements. Storo cattle are .still much inquired for. In store sheep, no business hus been done. The following aro tho stock movements :-üüi1 atoran, in fmu condition,, nearly all bullocks (Pery and Ilenncsy's) crossed on Tuesday for Victoria; 70(l'osey's) from Humbug Creek, mixed stoles, crossed on Tliun» duy for Bullenbong ; -100 fut cattle, very good, (Strick- land und Co's) from the Laohlan passod for Melbourne,' Messrs. Tower?. Itutherford and Co. agents. Tho ngrieultuiints on tho northern rivers and in various other parts of thc colony havo nguiu suffern! severely from tho"unprecedented recurrence of floods ; but tho prospects.nf tho,grinders, thnuvth a tempoinry stagnation hus occurred in tho wool market, whioh wiil necessitate thu shipment of nearly nil of this year's uliji to England on station uccount. ute very encouraging^ Stock uro in excellent condition, mid, "hero shearing has concluded, tho clip is excellent. lu those, localities where shearing operations havo been interrupted the .wool ip, uufortuuately, deteriorated by grass seed. Tho following aro tho latest district reports : We are glad to find, nays tho Maitland Mercury, that tho Lower Hunter has not suffered so much from tho recent flood ns "'ns ut liisr feared. Tile farmers ruo now able to estimate moro corrcotly tho loss they havo suffered since tho water has almost receded from their lund. Narrowgut «nd Phoenix Turk aro now com- paratively drj't and although the lucerne and potatoes have suft'orcd, the corn is not altogether destroyed; Near Hinton tho fanners hiivo suffered considerably, nud in tho direction of Wallalong n great deal of hay has been spoilt. In-tho direction of Miller's Forest j and Lidney tho ohief damage lias been done, not by tho i river, but by tho ruin, which hus stood upon tho ground so us to injuru seriously tho potatoes, -..onions; cabbages, and almost all kinds of vegetables. -Tho Singleton correspondent of tho same journal roports : Siuco tho leturn of fino weather reûpiug IIHS become general throughout tho district. In every direction tho crops havo suffered very severely from the combined effects of rust and blighf, in consequence of whioh tho Singleton district will only bo ablo this year to contribute at moat 20,000, instead of our usual annual quantum of 100,000 bushels of wheat towards tho supply of brendatuffs produced in the colony. This is fi sad stato of things, more especially as it affcots most seriously tho woll-bciug of a iioitiouof our com- munity who can ill afford to submit to any pecuniary losses. " Wo hear many accounts of tho damage sustaiticd by . the wheat crops of Now Eugloud by tho lalo rainB,' especially by farmers residing iu tho nciishb'ourhood of creeks. Wlint with tho rust nnd tho floods, 'there is but littlo doubt that the wheat quotations will be much' higher than Inst year. Tho season is also variablo ut Deniliquin; and rain sot in on Friday morning. Shearing is nearly over in the district around Deniliquin ; nnd wc (tho Pastoral Times ; regret to say that, though tho season has boen fina on' tho whole, it hat not been without drawbacks in con- sequence of tho carly ripening of the qrasaes in which there havo been grass seeds in such largo iruantitier. Timmi have outered thc wind tn a great uxN'i.'s in tunny clip»- damaging them;" und tbotinuidn < : nheep bavu perished from them. Taken en miu.r thu clip is unusu- ally heavy-the staple being fine and bright in first class fine wools, whdo in coarsor descriptions, tho wool is long, firm, and Btroug. 400 fat cattle (Adams's) Byan and Hammond, agonts, havo gone to Melbourne via Howlong ; 4000 (Mamchee's) store bollocks aro about Jerilderie (samo agonts) ; 350 (Shepherd's) fat cattlo are on thc Deniliquin reserve. The following are the crossings for tho week :-Nov. 10-Suttor'« 325 an Jenkins's 2.~>0 fat cattlo ; Moore's 2000 fat shoop ; Syn nor'* 2500 do; M'Oaw and MMCinunn's .'MOO do; S Alison's (Vauko) 2100 do. Nov. 21at-O'Sullivan' .'100 fat cattlo. Mr. Shepherd has LtlO do on Nortl Common. Cattlo and sheep eau now cross here free o floods. The river is still lowering »lowly. Feed ii abundant, and pastoral matters are improving up here. Thu Chronicle gives the passings as follows: thonuuilKi of fat cattlo being 11103, and fat sheep 15,-100. They wera as follows :-Thursday. 3-1« cattlo. O'Sulli- van's ; Friday, 230, Moore's, and 2-10 of Rudd's ; Satur- day, 250 of Jenkins's, and 325 of Suttor's. On Monday a second mob of O'Sullivan's passed, 300 head ; and .130 head from Morungle will cross, (Messrs, Towera and Rutherford agents.) Shepherd has also 300 on the reserve. In fat sheep the following flocks have gone on to market :-Friday, COOO of Synnott'a ; . 2000 of Moore's; 2100 of Synnott's ; 3300 of Muokinnon's ; and 2100 from Yanko station. The above stock bod been delayed by the water. "Wool teams have been passing sinee Friday in largo . numbera. Since then 2392 bales, weighing 403 tons,.have gone on to market, and the stream of Riverine wool for Echuca may now bo expected to flow on steadily. Tho weather hos been- coo!, surprisingly so for tho latter end of Nove m. ber; some light showers have fallon here, but, apparently, . heavier ones at a distance. -' The i season promises: after, all - to be ; an exceedingly good ono, although where late shearing has > been necessitated gross-seed;may be, troublesome, . Thc uiver has now I got down to reasonable limits, just about- the height before tho late flood. . Local business is extremely ' quiet and ho transactions reported. - 