" JA UrAi Y 22n.7 , 1S70. WE have been accustomed to witness so many startling changes in connection with Victorian politicians, that we thought they were incapable of surprising us by any further assumptions or representations. We r must, however, confess to a certain amount of astonishment on learning that Mr Grahau I Berry has.been put -forward by his friends as the champion of political principle in the colony. Now that there is a probability of his holding the Treasurer's portfolio, virtues that have long been hidden ate suddenly re vealed, and the discovery is made that lie is of all others most qualified to become the leader of that party of which MIr Heales was once the head. It is of course absurd to imagine that the opinions of the men who support the McPherson government are identical with those of the Heales adminis tration; but even supposing they were, the question naturally arises is AIr Berry fitted to lead that or any other party? The in ducements which a large salary holds out may cause him to be for once fiaithful to his colleagues, but to anyone who has ever taken sufficient interest in the proceedings of the lion. member to peruse his speeches, it must be apparent that he has not earned office by his consistency. When the McCulloch star was in the ::scendanucy, and the cabinet of which that gentlemann was the head was too popular, then the nember for. Geelong was with themn: heart and soul; but when the change of Government took place, Mr Berry found it just as easy to serve one set of masters as another, and, as might he ex pected of a gentleman who can so readily e eommodate himself to any ircumstances., lie allied hliself to the party which was most likely to afford a speedy recognition of his peculiar abilities. He remiunds one very much of the showrman who, being in Paris at the time of ouc of the revolutions, was ex l hibiting a reimarkably fine tiger under the name of the Tiyrhp Royal, but finding that at this pal ticular period royalty and all be longing to it was most unpopular, lie with a strong desire to agree as far as possible with his patrons, lnamed the animal the Tigre Nationial. IHewas royalist or revolutionist that which put theimost pence iito his pocket. A contemporary expresses thie hope that Mr Ie'rry hais lived dawIn, in his consti tueincy at least, the caiunmny whliclh . re presents hiin as a timne-server. The hlou. memberl, we ilnmginte, dotes not feel quite cer tain that lie has lived it down. Geelong may be easily per smdied and indifferent to considerations which iuliuence other con stituencics, but the Uoelonigere imlst be very short sighted intdeed if they canu be brought to believe that Mr Berrv is a patriot, or that the intemrests of the colony or even of the Pivot have greater weight with him t;han neatters which affict his own pocket. There is no accountinig for taste, eslpecially for I Geelong taste, and it is withlin the bounds ofr possibility that Mr Berry will be re elected, but that lie will ever gasin it no toiriety solre enviable than that which his past conduct has ohtainedl for him both il anld out of the House, we find it difficult to believe. WVE do not wish Mr Templeton, P.M., any great harm, bec-ausewe believe he is not so stupid or so vicious or so deserving of cen sure in every way as some of those who hold positions similar to his in the colony. But there is no disguising the fact that on some sulsjeets Mr Tenipleton has peculiar views. T.hat ihe is fully capable <.f taking his own part' ist i serimlmage few t hose eyes have rested on his nmily fiirmm can doubt: that he should cousidcr every one else equal to such an enuergtley is a mistake. It seems to be his idea thalt a constable who heatit i cry of " I.:rder' while on diuty should quietly mut on nor allow his equanimity to be in the least disturbed. The other night a policemant was in- the neighbour hood of Carlt gardens when lie he heard this cry, and not being quite so phlegmatic as DMr Templeton he rushed in the direction whence - the sound rense. Fortunately no one n;ts being tmurdered, bult a man and woman were creating a disturbance and yelling in such a way as to alarm the people residing i the neigblilourhrod. They were arrested, but on the following day on ap pearin?g before tie ecu:rt with his prisoners the constable instead of being commendedl for doing his duty so promptly was, if the newspapler report be correct, itnfirmed by the magistrate that lie had exceeded his duty. If Mr Templeton is ever reduced to the ne cessity of cadliungfir assistance, lie will, per haps, when lie hears the measured tramp of a policeman in the distance quietly con tinuing his walk, recollect that he is a martyr to a state of things which he was the means of introducing. If his midnight slumbers be disturbed by a couple of dis orderlies under his window, let him not complain if hlie sees it guardian of the peace pass solemnly by otn the other side. The Victorian police are not as a rule over ready to interfere. They are a well-organised body of men who know their duty rand generally do it; but if in dealing .with offenders they are to be restrained by the fear of rebukes such as that administered to the East Collingwood constable, the danger and inconvenience to which the public will be exposed friom the vagabond tribe will be considerably increased. WELL would it be for the more irritable portion of this communitv if Mr Walter Montgomery were removed tio Icehlatl or some equally remtote part of the globe not connected with civilization by the telcgr'aph wire. At present it is a matter of itmpossi bility to.take up a Melbourne newspaper without finding in it a paragraph relating to the eccentritics of the "emunent," the state of his health, or other such informa tion coucerning which the public cannot have the slightest interest. Followin?g the example of many of those people whole friends are happiest when distant fiom themii he is for ever cropping up where he is not wanted. It seems utterly useless to endea vour to pursuatde hli that the Victorian public can exist without Walter Moont gomery; that his liamlet, his fur coat and his IorsemansIip are no louger novelties; and that if lie could mianage to get a living elsewhere his Melbourne fi'iends would not be iniconsoblet i at palrti;ig from him. Stud denly lie dissipearettl, Ihtving a stupid ad vertiseient behitnl him, auil we eioigratt lated ourselves that he hale tackeu his de parture for Sall Fraieinio or Callan. Just as suddenly a teleg'ai from tSydney informs us that lie is not lost to is, that lie has only had an attack of erysipelas, and we are once more plunged into a state of dread that we are to be inflicted with a second edition of Montgomery. IT has been said by one of hMr MeLellan's admirers tlit the appointment of that gen tleman to the office of Public Works will be the means of introducing into the cabinet a certain amount of vigour. This is a me lancholy fact. Vigur is Mr M-eLellant's special characteristic. sa plrivate irimber he delightedn nl ngraceftil gesticulation and muci loud talking, anid iow t- hat lie ih.as be come a Minister of the Crown it is imipos sible to say to whalt excess lie may go. The House was ini the habit of tolerating himt be- i cause of the aimuseinent which his unwieldy movemlents and constant outrages lupon the English languagec occasioned ; but it is ciues tionable whether they will be displosed to listen to his peculiar orations so quietly now c that lie occupies a position which should te filled by a man of average intelligence and I ability. A decidedly muscular statesmanu is the new Minister of Public Wtorks-one who would test. the merits of a question by t the strength of lungs which could be brought to bear upon it by those tsupor:ing andc op posing it. Yet the Goverlltllnt could not in common justice overlook Mr MeLellan's I claims. He has fought hard fur thetm from I the commenctment, and to leave himt out ii the cold when Mr Aspinuall is so cordially I twelcomed would be heaping insult anti in- t jury upon him. The member lifo Amt it i has obtained a character, fir honesty andti plaiin speaking, and fitr he it fiomu ius to say ( that he is undeserving of such a reputation. c We only know that the diauntud in its present form is velry rough, auid tiat whiat- i ever is beauctifil in it is altogether hiidden fit'ni view. There niay be a gem of the first water concealed under the IninvlitingI exterior, but it nlist be subjected to a large a utiountt of manipulation before it can be I ,uadered valutsbl?, TILE WILLIAMSTOWN BREAKWATER.-A shDot time ago a suggestion was made by a , correspondent of this journal that an iron railing and a few seats should be erected at the Breakwater for the accommodation of the public, but nothing was done to supply the want indicated. We are glad to ob serve that the subject has not escaped the at I tention of the Council, mld that at the next I meeting Cr. Reid will move that a letter be written to the Commissioner of Public Works requesting hint to order these im Sprovemnents to be etfected. The outlay will be so trifling and the convenience to the ilpublic so great by the work being performed, that we do not anticipate any objection being raised. TILE W\EIGIIURItGE.-The Villialtstown Council invite tenders for leasing the weigh. bridge. The conditions under which the lease is to be effected may be ascertained frion tile town clerk. A BALL which was attended by about one hundred persons took place at the Foresters' llall, Williamstown, on Monday evening. Previous to the ball a number of valuable articles were disposed of asa:u art union. An efficient quadrille band was in attendance, and dancing was kept up with great spirit till a late lour, alessrs. Elliott'and Purcell acting as master of ceremonies. D]). BMACLEAN, the district coroner, held an inqaest on Tuesday afternonl, at Williams town, upon the body of Peter Fee, a sailor, aged thirty-two years, who was accidentally drowned on Ibhe morning of the 13th inst., by falling overbhoard fromt the ship Charlotte Gladstone. A shipmate, namled Barkly, stated that Fee came on board slightly intoxi cated between olne anl two o'clock, and, after knocking about the foreeastle for snme time, lie disappeared. Witness soon alfterwards heard a noise like a rope being passed over the ship's side, and then a splash. Thinking some one might have flcllen overboard, an ap prentice went on deck and looked over the ship's side, but could see nouthing. There was no cry for help, and the watchman on deck reported that lie had heard nothing, and he was certain that Fee had not gone oiin shore. As the man was not, to he found lie was re ported as missing the next mottling, and drags were used around the-vessel, but with out effect. The bhtly was discovered flolating in the water under the Breakwater pier on Monday forenoon. Verdict-Foutnd dead in Hobsonl's Bay. AN inquest was held on Monday, at tile Castle hotel, near the Meat Preserving Com pany's 'premises, Maribyrnttg, before Dr. D. P. Maclean, coroner, on the body of Charles William Jelfs, aged sixteen. Thomtas Jells, master of the Prince Alfred steamn-tug, stated that, on Saturday afternoon, he had ordered his son to clear the dinner things away. Witness returned about two o'clock, and could not find him. - The wood-carter showed him a hat and a toy-boat on the. bank. From this he surmised that his son was drowned. The river was dragged, and next morning the body was found where the Prince Alfred had been lying. . Edward Cocllrane, engineer, stated he saw deceased about half-past 12 o'clock, and asked him to help him with some coal, but did not receive an answer.. Deceased had a smlall boat, and was playing with it. Wit ness went below to lay the fire' for Mlonday morlning, and did not see the boy alive again. Verdict-Found drowned in the Saltwater Rliver In the morning of the 16th January, but hlow he came there there was no evidence to show. 0o acoEs and others who'have licenses for selling wines, etc., in retail, at per bottle, slhould be on their guard against what seems at present an organised system of espionage to catch them tripping. The'Etmerald Hill Council, says the Daily Telegraph, were some little time since, wtitten to from a private inquiry office on the subject; no reply being madtle, a secolld letter was re ceived by tile Council at their meeting last evening, which stated that they (the agents) should take the matter in their own hands, and requested the Council not to interfere. Councillor Power related a circumstance which had happrntcd ill his own store: two metn went in and asked for some colonial wine of a certain brand. Mr. Power not having it, they asked to see some other, and requested himn to draw the cork, so that they might taste, at the satme time oftfering to pay for. the samples. As they were told - that such sampling was not allowed, they itnalediately' made soime excuse and left. The letter was simply received, as the Council considered that they coul, as the case stood at present, take no steps in the matter.: TIt? post of manager of the Melbournle Telegraph Office has been conferred on Mr. Snmihert, the chief clerk anti accountant, during the absence of Mr. James, who is tilpointed to discharge the duties of Acting Inspector of Postal Telegraph Services, vice Captain taB e, on lsea THaE .s. Pharos, which was built at the Government Shipping-yards at WilliaiuIs town, having' been fomud uunsitalle foir the admiralty Sull veV is to he given upi and sold. H.M.U.S. Victoriai is to be olice more refitted and devoted to the .si.vice tec which she is so enmincutly adapted. Somc foolish rumours, credliting the Governmeint with halving adopted a courn,e respecting the Cerl:erus ironcl;ul, lhave been promunlgated, buit without the'sumallest foundation in ftct thie Coverttmuent says the Artgus, have never yet entertained the suhjert in any shaped W\V obllerve by a not:ce in ouar advertising coluimns that the classes of the South tarnrs College, uonducted by the Rev. Mr Ewing. reopen n, the 26th inst. Fronm the success that has resulted from the lnholrs of the principal and his assistants, it has been founnd necessary to erect a new anld haildsoloe edi fice aopposite the lhi building, where the pupils will have every comnfortl attending a irst class education. THE heat in Sydney continues very severe, ind cases of sunstroke are still very niuierous, although none have as yet proved fttal. Bushfires are also both extensive and fearfully destructive., An tentire flock of sheep has been burned in one of these bush fires on the Belahbula station, in the Lachlan district. TiHE adrisability of encourllilrlg thie giowthl of hardy trees and shrubs suitable to the colony was strongly urged by AIr Morton at the meeting of the Ballarat Agricultural Latd Pastoral Society, on Saturday.. Mr Morton was of opinion that the growing of barley, oats, an:d wheat should not mlonopo lise the attention of farLllers, and urged that, besides otferinig prizes for hardy trees and shrubs, the society should encourage' the growth of apples and the nmaking of cider, by placing prizes for these articles in the list. The suggestions (adds the Star) were acted AusrtAl.t.A MaIr.--Our preserved ilmeat appetars to have created quite a sensation in England. Penniy dinners of preserved meat iany be had in London, and the general opinion appears to be that the attempt to make it a commlnon article of food foir the working class will be eminently sliccessful. A wliter in one of the newspapers states that notices relative to the meat movement have been p!aced outside the churches, andt that several of the London clergy have al luded to, the subject in their sermons. THE QUARRELS OF' AUTrIOiS, though fie -qtent enough, do iiot alppear to be, si ^nu merous in the colonies as the .qiarrels of actors. The .Moutgom-ery qui'rrels and the mainy disputes which rouse out of the Duke of Edinulrgh faiilure attracted attention forl a timte, and now in order that the ball may be keplt tolling there is traging at Ballhauat and Iemindigo a controviticsy concerning the ability of ,11r BJandmtlann to dt:iv lhouses. Messrs. Hollowiay and McGouai;, lessees of the Theatre Royal at Ballaraut, in speak. inug of their pecuniary etmbariassnients as cribe them inii a greait' leasulie to the fact that when .\lr_- tldmanll -was at the Theatre mnlty nights thIer \vere. only £15 and £20 houses, tile morking expelse. hieinlg £?25 at night. . This, Mr BiuidInitl says, is ii correct, and allege that the reasofi ot Messrs. Holloway and M? t 1CGowan being unable tai nleet their pecuniary engagements 'restled with themselves. Tlieso "'poor players" see u never to be ha'ppy tullss tlhey are ast wait" with each other. THE Nett MlilTt:i:s. --Refuri:ig.,to thel recent Ministerial appiioiittments, wrpiteriday's Argus st'ates that"tlu grouiidsoui which ex ception hlum een tatken to tlhem "are so ri diculous that they are ntulliied in the state ment. To urge that any ntetlnbets of Par lianlent are unfit for .office -after Messrs. Gt. P. Smith, Casey, Jones, and Vale, mialst tt the entire colony oil the grin.; and., to bii'ig: such ai chiarge against Messýs. Asplinill atld ll 'Lellan reches the acme of absurdity Against Mr Aspinlll, however, there are .advancled defintite causes of coimplaint. He is possessed, forsooth, of fine souense of wit, antl is thearetri unufitted to becomne one of the law officers of the Crown. There inay bh sonme fore ill this objection. The I is s: ssion of wit would seem to disqualify any one fionm occupying the post recently tfilled .Iy Mr COatsey, hut gluei coulez ols,'? The Victorian liar is nlot extensive. Ahr Mac pheirson wanted a second law oltficer, nld nil less he reaippointed the lat- Minister of Jais tice, where was lie to find his' plarlel ' The rule of witlessness being once infiriuaged, it was as well to make a bIld breach in it by the selection of Mr Aslpintall A second o6 jectinl adv'arced against the Solicitor tenoral is thllat lie was not Ia memberi of Pailiauteilt at thlie tit, of his appoaiititteilt. He hu:t, resig~ild his seat the previouis dty. Ala-i Ito what straits tifal ijet inanity must liot those op)ponents; hie iatducetd who have recourse to such inconceivatly. easltry indict Bourg,"i TIIE " MINISTERIAL Ot'. a."- - Newsa piper tdo lnot always refer .t, each other in tIhe iL ost, collltplilmntlltl tt'y t 'llllS. This is what the Doily,Te tertpht, ion wriahg ,.u the above suljeett, ?alys of two f its .1MelI,?-iIne brethiint :--The instituntion of the Mlinis terial Organf was ithabolished it Vicotlria with the birth of that Liltsiti..o,, whicelh being ndepenliide t, is f froml thei i taint of ve nality itself, and refuse;s to Ipay fr velnlity in others. The occuptlatiotn of thei two oirgts "of corruption, ohl-hatisul, aMal "p rioper repre rntations" is guon.; and it trill i'ake it darling Minlister to revive it aird them,ii or to lift the Aiianias anid iapphiira of i~elbourne jiournalisml out of the depths of their despair. If the present Govern ment had only earned" our gratitude by put tinlg diown these t,.iselrtble sinners, and the Ministerial Organ nuisance together, thile debt would be readily paid by every man who vil?ues the freedom of the Press, or who considlers as :all honest itheCI d, that if a Ministry ciua6not exist without the aid of a hired trliunpeter, the sooner it dies the better. NEW IiEGULATIOSS OF TriE BOARD .OF EDuc.tTIOc.- We have received from the secretairy tt the Board of Education a copy of the general regula:tions of the' Board, with ilaptpendices, to take effect frdon the cornm iienclleelt if thbe present year. Thero seeo s to he a desire to bring the various schools throughotit the colony as .much as passible under thile control of the' Education' Board. This is particularly apparent inl one of the new clause.., which provides that thelaexis tenee ill any locality of a school not Vested in the Board sihall not he regarded as a hindrance to the esta:blisincoit of a vested school in that locality, should such be ap plied for, although the granting of aid by the lBoard to such school should, according to section 10 of the Comnlottt Schools Act, necessitate the withdratwal of aid from the nlon-vested school. The nuuber of holidays in coimmon s-chools are also determined by the regulation:s. Ill adtdition to Saturdays and Sundays there are to be such other holi days as shall be dteeitmined oni by the local committee, buIt which must not exceed thirty days in one year. If the number be in fringed a pro ratat reduction will be made frioli the fixedl salar!ies and augumentations of all the teachers uuntes the excess of holidays shall have been sauctioned by the Board. UNII'LEASsNT NEIGIItBOURS -Thle residents of llt?ckltlamptorl, Queensiand, were taecording to latest advices, rather annoyed at havinig about 1000 blacks camnped near them. The blackfellow, they think, may be a nut andlI a brother, but he is by no imeins an agreeable ctmllpanion. A local journtal understands that ilhe aborigines "have trooped in froul till part.s tf the coalrinty, alltme frlon a very great distanuce, ftor the purpose-so they say-ilf hiltding a grandl ",corrbi'ie," but we had Itaucrli rather they hadI fixed upon ia spot a little further from lltaeocklhamllton,. One thoull ?slnd bllackfellow~s armed, anld not particulrly well versed in the difference betweenl eetLitaL and'tuuia, are likely t6 tarn out troublesomle neighbours, especially as. they are fond. of mullttton iild poultry of all descriitios." - TuH Rroekthaoepton Bulletia recolrds that a mnal ii tlie employmenit of Calptain llHunter, nattled Jllames B" hatll, whilst expltoring oli the beach northb rof Elitil-park, earne ltn a itatural curiosity itn tihe shltile of a ilure.spring iof fresh witter buhbihing upl thrtiugh.I a rock in the seal. The ex:tet slpat is aboutlit lmil, north of the luff,ttt the Lont Bteach, .iirhl of the high bald hill. Bulhat, accompaniiaied Iy two iblack boys from ll irckhalilitonlrt, wamnclt rounud the hill and got o theli beach ui til p proacl.hin the cliff side of the bald hill.they were surlonnled by a iutIb of about 5h0 or 60 blacks, armlledl with spear- anld unlla-nullgs Bthan catrrie I a gun, but did not with to show tisht. - The blacks tootk hi hi bell a'l a bottle of eitnglerbeer, which was stiiffened with two or three glasses o?f ginl. They would not drink out of the battle until th "y saw BUihltan take it pull; they emptied it quickly then, one of them remnarking--'" You greedy whlitcfellhw." They then, ti tliake somen re. I trn fotr te gini, took Bohauliti t, a rock out in the setl, abotlt 15ft. hihli. i'From nearl the top of this a clear stre,,m ,if water trickled tot i well at Ilia ft)t. They filled a: pt:nulikan, anid Bohlian drtank until ihe was nearly sick such waeter lie hidlln't tasted, he tells us, since lie left the old country. The rock is covererrd ilt high water. The blacks were hid in the cliff, aind had quite a .cimlfrtable little Iut there. Time PILOTAGE of THE I'orT.---Tlle Cllaln I ber otf Cotntuallllrce hIav suddenly tllade the discovery that the pilotage' arlrtitngetuets of. the poit !ire oto such as thiee sl!oulil be; and iat the last lmeetinlg if tile tnellllhersl: oi Wed nesday atftertii-rtti the hlilrwing resolutions were adopltetd, viz.:- -1. Thati i dithe opinionr otf this eouniritted the presentl pilotaige ar-, rangerellts are inadlqu;ate to the require ments of this prt, anlld tail imjperativeltyzfor iuprove n t. . hipit teeost roti t cat.ble aiul tast expensive mode of increasingi the eliiicucy of the pilot service would be to re qinir the em pl,.ymeiunt of three boats, two of which shuild be constantlv employed out side the Heald within cruising limin s to be assigned to thew bly proper regulations, and the thild to Ibe k'ept s a reserve boat with in Port Phillip l??. 3:. TIhat a reotre selitlation slhould be madeul to tho m hou. the 1o'umissinuer of Tirade and Customs ou the suiject, sad that the Government should be re~iested to give effect to the above recon iuendation. 