ITEMS OF NEWS. Mr David Blair will deliver a lecture on the "AA'it and Humour of many Nations" at the Congregational Schoolroom this evening, and while it will be superfluous to state to those who recently heard him in the Mechanics' Institute that both the subject and the lecturer will be highly instructive and entertaining, still for those who may not have heard Mr Blair they may as well he informed that if they can enjoy a lecture set off in really good style they should not lose the opportunity of being regaled with wit and humour to-night. We understand there is a desire in certain quarters to bring about a match at quoits be tween Mr II. Garner, of Guildford, and Mr Evans, of Castlemaine. Of course Mr Garner will give a certain number of pointe ; but in playing a man like Mr Evans it is not unlikely a single point may. win the match. The usual weekly parade of the Rifle Corps will take place on Wednesday evening next at half-past seven o'clock ; fall in on the Market Square. Loose great ooats, accoutrements out side. ' A comparative return for 1869 of prisoners who have been confined in the several gaols of the colony and released during that period has been issued. The return distinguishes Chinese from Europeans, and gives the totals — Euro peans, 741 ; Chinese, 138. The totals in 1868 were-Europonns, 798 ; Chinese, 163.' In 1867, Europeans, 704 ; Chinese, 223. A comparison of this return with those prepared for 1867-8 ex hibits a continued decrease in tho number of; Chinese, and about a corresponding increase in that of European criminals. An amusing incident occurred at the Guildford Police-court on Friday, when a married female was sentenced to ten minutes imprisonment. The husband said, — Here, Constable Molluy, take my wife. Constable : I don't want your wife ; I hnva one of my own. Hneband : But .she is one of the best. Constable: May your word never be doubted. ' Husband: Well, I'll swop with you. Constable : It would be wrong in mb to cheat you. The husband then subsided, apd the constable, fucing his fair prisoner, blushed for the first time in many years : and the' Mayor and others , present ebjoyed .the con- . stable's confusion. Some novelties are promised to be brought forward at the concert on Wednesday, for the beuefit-of the: Ladies Committee of tha Benevo lent Asylum. What these may be it is pre- mature at the present'stago to mention, and /in- 'deed wo" are ourselves' in the best frame of mind for preserving the secret " They may possibly amount to a new sensation, but if that be too much to expect, a mere diversity from routine will be agreeable and.acceptable. . The staple 'part of the entertainment will consist of music, the arranging - for which is principally in the hands of Mr Mercer, who is to occupy a prominent place in' the programme: A modicum of readings is to be interlaced together with the unmention able novelties. ' . The 'continued wet weather has interfered ma terially with the progress of the works- ;at the .Malmsbury reservoir, but Messrs Laughton. aud Co. have: lost no opportunity of pushing forward their' contract, and the outlet tower is now just' on the point of completion. The mar chinery room has' been erected, the painting is finished, 'and the whole of the inner gearing is upon the ground and will shortly be fixed. Some necessary bolts arrived by the five o'clock train on Friday afternoon, and it was intended unless some unforseen difficulty arose, to lower the fourth ; and final valve into .position last night;. There: is no longer any doubt that the reservoir will be available for this season's rainfall, and it is to be regretted that the othsr portions of the scheme are not in such a condition as to make this fact more a subject for congratulation than it is. . Tt has been stupidly hinted ! that ;tho rate coll lector to the Fryers 'Bo'ad 'Board paid more at tention to collecting . rates at Vaughan than else where', with a view to get a preponderance of votes at that place. - The conduct of Mr Middle- ton,' '-one ' of 'the members, who resides at Vaughan, was such as to entirely refute the ac: cusation.- It was Mr Middleton who first drew attention to the necessity of extraordinary means being taken to get at.l the rates due, and tiie Chairman of the Board (Mr; Mason), also from .Vaughan,' very strongly urged this work being done. It need hardly, be, said .that all concurred .in. getting in the money, owing.:. . We should not again' have referred to the rate question bnt for the silly rumour mentioned;: , The Tullaroop Shire Coun-- oil seem to adopt a high-handed corn-Be in coi-: lecting their rates...,' Tho.aasessment roll having! according to Jaw been left open for inspection,; and a rateistruek. according to notice; it'is ex pected that all interested will pay without being called on. Defaulters are served with a final notice, and in 14 days summoned. .The Council have therefore no rata collector. In country districts, where, the ratepayers are -principally., farmers, this plan may do, but in Castlemaine it would leave the Council in a. muddle. , : , . . ' - Wet "weather" has again, to a very great ex tent, retarded mining operations, but there seems to be a little more activity in quartz reefing. The Ajax tributers havc re-commcnccd crushing, so that Campbell's - Greek residents can again hear the sound of a quartz machine.. One pitch , of men. crushed 3.6 tons and had a return of 28oz' of gold. The steam puddling machine of Messrs Odgers and Clemmow is giving a steady average. For the past three weeks the returns were 24oz, lloz, and ooz respectively. In the last two weeks time , was very; broken. At Campbell's Creek a miner ' delighting in the soubriquet of Pipe Clay Jack struck a patch on the- side; of' an old 'cutting,' and got 5oz to one dish; and several ounces besides. The tributers of the Crown claim, Nirnrod reef, have commenced crushing. Lewis and Co., of the same place, had 8oz for the week: The share list of the Nelson Gold Alining Co., Taradale, was closed on Thursday evening, applications being received for a number largely in excess of tliut offered, to thn public. Washing, commenced at the Anglo- Australian Co.'s Central Mine, Malmsbury, on Friday. The wash was looking first-rate. The mine was visited iu the morning by Mr T. Carpenter, C.E., of Ballarat, and subsequently by Air Ivitto, M.P.,the Company's Alanaging Director. Victoria has so long taken the lead in gold-mining, and especially in that department of : it which consists in quartz- crushing, that it will not be readily believed in any new invention that comes from Sydney. Ilut there is on view at Greville's rooms, of that place a little machine, which is said by some who profess to understand such matters to he a great improvement on the apparatus at present used. The inventor is Dr Been, a German medical man with a natural turn for mechanics and engineer ing, and who has lately been residing at the Braid wood diggings. The principle of this new quartz-stamper is, that rapidity of action can compensate for weight. There are three cams on the horizontal shaft instead of the usual two; and the upward movement of the rod is resisted by the growing pressure of a spring above. The suddenness and smartness of the blow when the stamper is sent down is such that the work done is said to be equal to that of an ordinary stamper of 6001b. weight falling a foot. One man. can work the model, and the stamper will crush a ton of ordinary quartz in three hours. A public trial is to he made shortly, when those interested will have an opportunity of judging how far the machine will answer on a larger scale and in continuous work. It is reported to be a very light and portable apparatus, and as a one-ton crusher will be a groat convenience to prospec tors, as it is easy to take to pieces and put to gether, and can be lifted in and out of a dray and carried about wherever bullocks can travel. If the invention should prove a success, it may, give a little stimulus to gold-miuiug in this colony, i There wns a very fair attendance at the Theatre Boyal on Saturday evening to witness the second performance of "Faustand Mephisto- pheles." This beautiful drama was put on the stnge in a capital manner considering the limited appliances at hnud and the smidlness of the stage ; tho two scones — the churchyard, where the nppnritiun of Marguerite appears ; and the concluding nne, her apotliensis — eliciting much applsuse. This evening the sensntionnl drama of the " Lancashire Lass " will be produced. The company played this piece very successfully fnr six weeks iu Melbourne, nnd for a fortnight in Sandhurst, thus proving that tliey have histrionic talent amongst them of no mean order. Several new scones have beeu painted expressly for the occasion, euabling them to produce it more effectually. M. D'Aloustol, who committed suicide in the Yarra, formerly kept the old Panama store at old Forest Creek. It is notified that the mining: lease of J. Heath, Specimen Hill, Chewton, will issue un less objections bo made against the same. ... The tender of Mr C. T. Bnnnett, Barker- street, has been accepted for supplying bread, and groceries to the gaol and lock-up at Castle maine. - At the Government land sale to he held at Castlemaine on the' 28th inst. we obserV from the Gazette that lots 10 and 53 have been with drawn irom sale. The weather yesterday , was a continuance of the previous day's rain. The creek waters rushed along in n swift current, and unless a change ' speedily takes pines a flood is imminent. " The collector to the Hospital begs to acknow ledge with ; thanks the second donation of £5 as for the year current from Joseph-Myring, Esq., on behalf of the funds of the above institution. We loarn that R L. M. Kitto, Esq., M.P., will deliver a lecture, nt the Mechanics' Institute, ICynetou,'! on Mines and Mining, on behalf of the Wesleyan Church Building Fund. ;VTbe formation of Fryers road,' Guildford, is completed, but it is impossible to metal it. in the present state of the weather, as the filled earth is so thoroughly saturated tlint it resembles soft mortar. It is announced that the next examination of -candidates for holy orders Rnd readers will com mence at 11 o'clock on Tuesday, December, 0, 1870, in ' the; building on the Cathedral reserve, East Melbourne, and nn subsequent days will be contiiiued nt half- past nine. All persons who intend to present themselves-'must send a written noticeMo the Rev. Geo: Goodman/ chaplain" to the bishop, before November 20. ' The Ethiopian entertainment for the benefit of the. Campbell's Creek-common school takes 'place on .Wednesday . evening,. at the Five: Flags hotel. There is an excellent programme-arranged, con sisting of the Chrislys, tumbling; . dancing. and " the leap, for life." The performers: include a 'wido schpe of talent, and 'the programme cannot fail'to' be well carried dot"' Tlie ' instrumental parts will be rendered by a'strong band. ' '- ' ' At- the Grammar School, on ' Thursday, the following,- young gentlemen -received , prizes for the successful, prosecution of their studies during the half-year : W. Cambridge, (two prizes), A. .'Callaway (two prizes), A. Keefer (two prizes), C. Keen (two prizes), J. Nail, W.' A.: Smith, J. Gamble, J. 'Hollis,- W- Sevier," W. Ramsay, J. Brown; J. Burnell, J.' Mason; C. Vivian, R. Fisher. > The1 " Euclid papers " having been sent to a distance foe revision, the result of this examination has not yet arrived. ; . As Mr Cousens, of Mostyn-streel, was cross ing the creek, at .Walmer. on Friday at dusk, the liorse that lie was driving: got into deep water. Mr Cousens, managed to keep the animal's head .pretty well abtoye water, but it liad:tp be dragged out with ropes, and was almost killed by the piraojns,,; A hprse used for the purpose gave one of the rescuers q hard kick on the leg, which will lay him iip'a'slidrf while. 1 Air Cousens had a narrow eseape of being himself 6wept away by the torrout. " ' ' >- - Lover of thieves' literature may expect an other instalment of "Days of Crime- and -Years of Suffering.", Power is- said to keep a diary. Here.i8.a,cliauce, indeed, for sensational weeklies. By all accounts the work should- be most inte resting.'- We give one - anecdote which' has reached ' our own ears, as a specimen paragraph of what we may expect; Power told his captors that he has: not 'shot n' man. V An. omission is, because lie had no occasion to use his" barkers." His; victims surrendered, their, purses,! believing, we,' presume, , with Shnksperiah philosophy, that .the ranger, wit's but stenliug trash — unwilling to lose their good " name " as peaceable men. One man hesitated; I told him he had fire' minuteB to consider," , '.said Power, " aud then I';.' would have sliot' lnmV . Hod I let him gp, if would have been in all the' papdrs; piid my game would have been > up. - I .should; -have-f shot.- him, b.ut I went behind d log, and prayed the Lord to soften his heart, ..and: when I came. back,;. tho , Lord had softened ! it." It' 'Is" not goner ally "known that > Power was; the right-hand; man of Melville, the murderer of "Capthiri' Price; He was the " baler " iu tlie boat in which Melville tried to make good: his -escape iafter that' murderous' exploit. ' The gallowB was the end of the oue— we are not yet sure that Pentridge will be the final fate of the - other; " : 1 The Churcli of England Messenger opens with an article on "High Churchmen, -Ritualists, and Puritans," oxpressing Bishop Ferry's views very much in Bishop Perry's calm nnd measured sen tences. " Pnritun error," says the writer, " has not:.at . the /prpsent. day:any: place within the Church of England,'' an assertion from which the Temples and- Stanleys of its commnnion will profoundly differ. " Harry of Exeter " would no more have' instituted Bishop Perry, for in stance, becauss of his " Puritan errors," than he would Mr Gorhnm. Tito article on " Educa tion " is especially valuable, as showing the grndual 'drift of the leaders of the Church of England from sectarianism. In a third article Mr Higinbotham is taken to task for his allusions to the " huckstering spirit of the religious bodies.". '.'Notes nnd Suggestions." are un usually interesting this month. In liis descrip tion of tlie Hindoo prenclicr of. Universalism, Chunder Sen, now in Loudon; tlie writer enters tlioroughly into his spirit. He , might add, " almost tliou persuadest' me to be a ' Bralimo Soway '."— -tlie name of tlie new sect.' According to Chtthder Son, ds interpreted by the Messen ger, neither Pantheism, nor Positiveism, nor Prophetism, is to ba the religion of the fiituro for India or for tlib world. Mind will bo found not to bo 'God ; ' matter will be found not to be of God; and oven thii Prophet, Son of God though He be, will ' be ' found not to be God. The greatest- of all- Prophets shall still say, aa He always said, ' Aly Father is greator than I.' Faith will bo known to maau tho fnco-to-face vision of God. The oil ly doctrines left will be love to God and love to tnnn. The true gospel of the Church of the futnra will be uncondi tional forgiveness — the parable of the prodigal son. Every race and nation shall ground upon this truth n religious life for itBelf, and embody it in ceremony and symbol at its own pleasure." Some time since wc (Argus) announced that a coal scam was on fire iu the neighbourhood of Cape Patterson. AVe arc now informed, on what appears to he good authority, that the scene of the fire is between the Bass River and Cape Patterson, and that the existence of the seam at that point was not known until four or five months ago, when the desolating bushfires then prevalent ignited it. It is now supposed to be a continuation of the one discovered by Air Carew, and more than 2ft thick. Those who are still interested in these coalfields maintain that the ignition of this coal seam is only another proof that when the Government Geological de partment alleged that they knew every seam be tween the Bass and tho Tarwin they, were some what mistaken, nnd that these mistakes may further go the length of a totally wrong idea of the cool formations iu that neighbourhood. The Gazette publishes the following notice : — " The practice of lateadoped by seamen of carry ing about their persons, when on shore, sheathed knives, being dangerous to the lives of the in habitants, and in direct contravention of the Town and Country Police Act (18 Vict., No. 14, sec. S, part 24), which attaches a penalty of. £20 on every person who may be found carrying any firearms, swords, dirk, dagger, or other offensive weapons within any town or place, commanders and officers of vessels are requested to warn sea men accordingly, and to use their utmost en deavours to prevent their crews from appearing on shore so armed, and thereby incurring the penalty imposed by the above-recited act." On Saturday last, as previously reported an order in the nature of an injunction was granted by his Honour Judge Pohlinan, to restrain Air Thomas Gale, the aeronaut, from exhibiting or ascending with a balloon in which he held a joint interest with Air AV. D. Cooper, unless he should have previously obtained tlie consent of the said Cooper. The injunction was duly obeyed, and the difference between the parties was amicably settled on Friday. The terms of the arrangement arrived at are that Air Gale shall pay Mr Cooper £10 each for permission to make four consecutive ascents in the balloon, after which it is to become his (Gale's) property. .A bond was to be given to Cooper as security for payment of the £40, and in the event of this condition being complied with to the satisfaction of Cooper, the balloon will make the first of the four ascents at Ballarat on Monday next. The police have ascertained that M'Dermott, who was brought up at the Kyneton Police- court on Tuesday, charged with the commission of a capital crime upon the person of a little girl named Agnes Campbell, at Glenhope, on Sunday last, is not the guilty party ; and on Friday the man was again brought before the Court, and on the application of Sergeant Babington was re leased irom custody. In discharging him, says the Kyneton Guardian, the Police Magistrate ex pressed his regret that he should have been sub jected to the ignominy of arrest upon such a charge, but reminded him that the police had orly done their duty in the cause of justice. AI'Dermott, who appeared much relieved at the turn things had taken, admitted that the sus picious circumstances against him were quite sufficient to justify the police in acting as they had done. On Thursday, Alounted-Constahle Robinson, acting upon information obtained sub sequent to the incarceration of M'Dermott, ar rested a young man named George AArood (son of Air Richard AVood,. farmer at Glenhope) upon this charge ; and when the prisoner was brought to the .Kyneton lock-up, be made a statement admitting that it wb3 he who had committed the offence, and detailing all the circumstances con nected therewith, with an evident absenco of all sense of shame, which says little for his mral. training. He asserts that the child woe a consenting party. He was brought before the onrt and remanded for a week, bail being re fused. : i The Bendigo Advertiser of Saturday thus re fers to Air G. C. Leech and Universalistism :— - The Universalists is the name of a ncw sect or -religion, -of which Air G. C. Leech, barrister, is the prophet, and the Medina of which is the "Great Centre," Castlemaine. After the new creed had been promulgated in Castlemaine for some time -it began gradually to spread, and a little while ago Mr Leech's lectures, began to be circulated in Sandhurst, where the new doctrines appear to have taken a strange and a strong hold upon a large number of persons ; indeed it is fiiroly stated that there are at least 500 converts in this town. These converts embrace men who' were the very pillars and stays of some of the churches and who have been looked upon as luminaries of the first magnitude iu connection with some of our most evangelical congregations; The faith has also been embraced by some men who hold high position in intellectual circles. Such results have naturally caused great iuquir3'; into the tenets : of the new doctrine, and to: morrow evening, Mr Leech is to deliver an adr dress in the Orderly-room, which will no doubt be crowded to hear the views of a man who has already had such influence in Castlemaine. The faith of the Universalists appears to be almost concentrated in the belief that punishment for sin will not be eternal. The advocates of this faith, if we may so call it, argue that the doctrine of eternal punishment is inconsistent with the idea of a merciful and a juBt God ; that it is monstrous to assert that such a God as we are taught in the Scripture the Hebrew God is could punish such a being as man eternally — could doom him for deeds done in a finite duration of time to an; infinite existence of misery and pain. They argue that such a theory is against reason and Scripture. Alany think the new sect, like many others, will have its day, and 1 after ruffling the broad expanse of Christianity for a time, disap pear for ever. . A more uninviting day than Friday could hardly be selected for any out-of-door amuse ment with the exception of hunting. The heavy fog. and constant drizzling rain seemed so un favourable that it was at once assumed by intend ing visitors to Croxton-paik that the wrestling match between Scott and Padon would be post poned. However, both men kept the appoint ment at the Black Bull Hotel, where the re mainder of the money was to he . made good. Scott's backer evidently thought the weather un favourable' to his man, and declined to pay up ; .consequently Padon went out to Croxton-park to claim the forfeit of £20, and Scott, evidently not thinking the match was off, also went out. As neither party was satisfied with the turn affairs had taken, a match was struck up between the men for £10 a-side for the first five falls. After considerable difficulty, Alr-IIitchin found a piece of ground sufficiently firm for the men to wrestle upon. The umpires and referee were chosen without the least dispute, and about 30 persons, who had been drawn to the spot by the rumour of the match, came out in the rain to witness the sport. The men soon stripped and came out to the spot chosen, and no time was lost in setting to work. After a short set-to, the first fall was scored to Scott, and Padon followed suit with a clean throw off the left leg aud hip. Scott scored the next fall — a hack buttock, aud then another. The betting was now two t.o one on Scott. On resuming play, Padon scored a fall, as Scott lost his hold. Padon also won the next fall. The men were now three and three, and offers to back Padon at even money did not meet with any response. Both men were now playing very cautiously, and after a very sharp struggle Scott won the next throw by an inside click. In. the next wrestle Scott did not seeui to be in such condition as Padon, who threw his adversary in splendid style with the right leg and back heel. Both men were extremely, careful over the next struggle, it being the deciding one. After a very good wrestle, in which, however, it was evident that Padon had the advantage in both strength and condition, he threw Scott with the left leg and won the match. The wrestling lasted about ail hour and a quarter. It rained incessantly the whole time, and the ground was so saturated with wet that three fresh positions had to be taken up before the match was over. Every thing passed off with the greatest goqd-huinour, , and during the whole match there was not the slightest dispute. Scott attributes his defeat to the slippery state of the ground, and, while ad mitting he was fairly beaten, is of opinion, that he would have proved the victor if the ground had been firm enough to get a foothold. The backer of Padon expressed his readiness to match him against any man 12st weight for £50 a side. If the ten-mile race for the championship of Aus tralia, arranged to come off this afternoon on the Alelbourne Cricket-ground, takes place, it will be performed under yery unfavourable conditions, as, although evcry-effort has been made to get the runuing rink in a thoroughly fit condition, the recent heavy rains must have rendered the ground too soft for racing purposes. Higgins and Austin, the two competitors, may be consi dered the long-distance champion pedestrians of Victoria and New South AVales respectively, so that, independently of the novelty of the race, the contest is looked forward to with much in terest on account of the intercolonial character it assumes. Both men are reported to be in excel lent condition, so that there if every probability of the distance being done in good time. At present economy is the order of the day in the Government offices, and every retrenchment consistent with the efficiency of the public ser vice is being effected by the political heads of the several departments. As an example of this it may he stated that the hon. the Commissioner of Railways has effected a readjustment of the duties performed by officers in the department under his charge ; and, as a consequence, has dispensed with the services of a collecting clerk, thus effecting a saving to the revenue of £220 per annum. On Thursday morning lost Air Superintendent Chomley, inspector of distilleries, accompanied by Sergeant Drought and Detective Alexander, made an extensive seizure of an illicit still at the residence of a man named William Rodgers, of Alyer's Creek, near the Yarraberb station. On the officers entering the hut, says the Bendigo Advertiser, they perceived eight hogsheads of wort in a state of fermentation, ready in a few days to be worked off. There was also a quan tity of sugar in bags, a bucket of hops, and all other materials required for the working of the still, a worm and copper head, with measures, &c.;, and these were taken charge of and re moved to the Eaglehawk Police Station. The several casks were broken up, and the wort split; the still was supposed to he able to put through upwards of twenty-five gallons.; The man Rodgers was non ej/'at the time, hut as the police know the man he will shortly, it is thought, be arrested. ' 51 Some bulky correspondence, relating to a sub ject concerning one of the County Court judges who has a grievance was laid before the.- Legis lative Assembly on Thursday night. The gentlc- mau concerned is Judge Alacoboy, who having been transferred by the recent changes of dis tricts from Maryborough to Sandhurst, considers himself deeply injured thereby in a pecuniary sense. AA'hen first transferred he suggested : that the change would result in loss to him, and in August, 1869, addressed the then Minister of Justice (Mr Casey) upon the subject, showing how his change of residence, the want of proper accommodation at Sandhurst, and many other reasons had compelled him to dispose of property disadvantageous, and invest large sums in a way. which he would not have chosen of his own accord. The chief burden of his arguments in favour of compensation on these accounts was, that almost the whole of the pecuniary losses consequent on the. changes of the judges had fallen upon him alone. Air Casey called for a report upon . the case from Air Chomley, secretary to the Crown Law Offices. That gentleman reported that in no instauce that lie knew of had the Govern ment given compensation for the losses arising from the disposal of property on account ' of re moval, and especially 111 the case of officers , who knew that their stay in any part of the' country was but temporary ; and that Mr Macoboy must have believed his stay in Alaryborough temporary was shown by the fact that he admitted the changes — one of which took hiin to Sand hurst — to be very salutary to the public ser vice. '.. Mr Chomley concluded by declaring that- compensation of this sort was not in accordance with usage, but was a question of policy on which he could not pronounce. Mr Casey like wise informed Judge Macoboy that lie regretted that he was unable to grant the compensation, but that the mRttor should he considered. In re ply, Jiidgo Macoboy contended that lie Jwaa entitled at least to £1200 compensation. Sub sequently, he renewed his application to Mr Macdonuell and Mr Aspinall, when members of the Macplierson Government, but got no favour able auswer; and further application to, arid further refusal, mainly on the grounds stated in the first instance by Mr Casey, from the present Government closes the correspondence. ' . AVe, Argus, understand that tho Hon. Charles Manners Sutton, the private, secretary 1 to Jiis Excellency the Governor is about to take, six months' lenve of absence, with the viewCo'f 'pay-' ing a visit to England. Mr Manners Sutton will go.home by' way of San Francisco and Now York, sind will be accompanied by 'the Rev. Mr Sundys, the tutor to His Excellency's younger sons, wlio returns home, on the completion of the education of his charges. The Hon.. John Man ners Sutton will also, we believe, shortly , leave the colony, for the purpose of entering the count- ing-hoose of the firm of Gibbs, Bright, and Co., Liverpool. AVe have heard a story (saj'3 tho Ballarat -Star) which is said, to be quite true, illustrative of the smartness of a " managing woman.!'. Some time ago tho heroine, whose liusbaad is a lucky mining speculator, seeing that bad times were fast . coming upon Ballarat, and -afraid of allowing her .better half to drink the proceeds of a certain mining divi dend, set her wits to work to get tlie money into .her own possession, On tho night beforu 'the date of the dividend being due and payable, she becamo .very indulgent to the proposed victim to her scheme, and gave him as much as he could drink of the strongest liquor in tho house. Being exco.-diugly fond of tho medicine, he reduced himself before the hour for retiring to rest to a state of heluless drunkenness, and was carried to his night couch by a sturdy servant, Tho gentleman once out of sight amid the blankets and curtains, his better half carefully cleared away to boyond his reach all his hoot.3, aud also every specimeu of that garment which all " white men, " oxocpt Highlanders, pat ronise, aud which is. rendered absolutely requisite by the Police Offences Statute. The mining spe- . cnlator rose from his bed in tbo morning with a severe headache, and soon discovered his want of the articles stowed away ; but suspecting a trick; he refrained from asking a single question. Ho went to work on bis own account. He is in the habit of wearing spectacles when bo walkd abroad and with these on, in addition to a bat and topcoat he made his way fearlessly to a hotel at some dis tance from his house, where he was known as a valuable customer. Hero he was supplied with a pair of unmentionables, and, determining to have his dividend cheque from the distant mining com pany's office before his wife could get it, ho sent for a cab, and posted after her as soon as possiblo, but found that she aud tho cheque had botb gone. Tho next beat thing ho could do was to go to the bank and atop payinont. ..He did so, but overpowered by bis " littlo failing," stopped at two or three hotels on the way to takoadrink himself and "wet cabby's whistle," and by so doing arrived just too late. Tho managing woman, guessing at his game, hail gone to tho bank without any delay, and carried off the value of tbo cheque in coin of tho realm. A very daring dooeit, practiced by a suitor upon the judgo of tbs County Court, nnd also on ono of tho counsel practising before that tribunal,- was ex posed on Friday under the following circumstancos. It may be remembered that ou AVedaesday last, a person uainod Mansall suod Mr Theodore Hancock for £18 for work and labour dono, nnd recovered a verdiot for that amount, with £5 14s Cd costs. Plaintiff's oaso on that occasion was conduotod by MrByrno. On Friday morning Mr G. P. Smith oallcd tho attention of tiie court to tho foot that in roality tlioro had been no solioitor rotninod by the plaintiff, although that individual had misled his counsel into tho belief that lio hud ongagod 1 tho ser- .vices of Mr Dickson. The way in which the decep tion was effeetod was this. Tho plaintiff in tho first instanco reqiicstod Mr G. P. Smith to conduot tho cuso for him," but that goutloman declined to do so without tho intervention of a solioitor. Tbo man afterwards sought tho sorviccs of Mr Byrno, nnd presenting to that gentleman a memorandum signed, or purporting to bo signed, by a clerk of Dickson, and stating that Dioksou was absent from bis offioo,- and that tho writer did not know when ho would be back, led Mr Byrno to beilovo that Dickson's sor» .vices wero rotainod by him in tho matter. Imme diately after tho conclusion of tho trial Mr Byrne communicated with Mr Diokson, for tho purpose of asoortaiain'g whether he was retained by tbe plaintiff , and received a reply in the negativo. Tho plaintiff had thoreforo reooiVod largorcosts tliau ho was on- titled to, inasmuch as tho £5 14s Gd included tho fee of a solicitor. Ilis Honour euid tho plaintiff had deooived both him and Mr Byrne, and that a notico ought to bo servod Upon him calling upon him to show causa why the costs should nyt bo reduced, _' Ihe decision of the Government relative to r -the . lnensnre of punishment or reproof to be visited tipofa the parties implicated in the reebnt Footscray accident; has not transpired. It Ts however, understood, says the Age, that a deci! sjom has been arrived at, and will be finally con sidered and announced on Monday. There are with circumstances7 in connection Woir - ' hat. tbc hon> the Commissioner of necessarily bad some difficulty in deal- ing Dith it, so as to mete out a fair amount of "lafdshir The0!1 tb<2 Mm- time' caus'nS undue cnndfw)r / sarvlc. and general good conduct of the officers implicated, have all been \- UkvW<t' l ' aD , th-e dccision of Mr Wilson is fikely to as lenient as the gravity of the warrant being inflicted, in the in terests of the preservation of the public safety. tlJl!L8r>1Rowland Hayward who has accepted ttt Port Ai-im?Ve.rilm0,lt.ol'aplain t0 tlle cnviots : and a hos" an mme f £200 a : y8a a/n u.ndoratood 'Eat the hon. Sir James \- M Oulfoch and the lion, J. G. Francis wili Si? . "» the cbhferenoe to be held in Melbourne during the coming week. 8 rDd'n,B t-hat tho almoat unanimous favour nf lhB iB1i'?llVe 880mbly !,ava decided in favour the abolition of state-aid to religion, there appears to be an imminent probability that the bill will be rejected by the Upper House. It is understood, says the Age, that it has been deoidedky a majority of the lion, membera of the Legislative Counoil, that the bill shall be offered an uncompromising opposition when it comes up before tiiiit Chamber. . Should the Legislative Coiinoil take ithe ill-advised course indicated.it is understood that an appeal to the country will ..b.e made at once by the other House, on the dis- tinot.issue of the immediate and total abolition of be dubtful reau'' 8Uo11 an appeal cannot . , T!ery painful case was brought before the Avooa police court on Wadnoaday last, when the wife of a miner named Thomas was charged with lunacy. The man, says the Talbot Leader, who is au Avooa miner, has for some time past bean' an mmate in tbo Maryborough "Hospital, and last week obtained leave to return to Avooa to visit his wife. He fouifil she had recently been confined with her fourth child, and had cone violently mad since its birth. The cake was brought adder the notice of the police, ' and on ' Wednesday the mother was sent to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum, and the oiiildron to the industrial ' school. JTha poor husband and fathor muat have 'gone back tq the hospital sick at heart as we'll as feeble in body. .. _r®ni0 idea .of tho state of the roads between /Melbourne and Beiriiwortii, may be ' gathered (says the 0. and M. "Advertiserj" " from /the ) fact that, on Wednesday, the up-coacli, \viih only one passenger on, board , ; go t bogged' about fi.ve,, miles from Tlie liorses, and thore wero five iu the traces at .the time;. did.tlieir" level best . - to pull the conveyance but : of the': slough- of \- despond iu whicli it was immersed; but in1 vdiuJ So hard did the animals pull, tliat- ultifiiately the- bars gave way, and as might be 'expected, the' horses bolted into the bushy "Biit had '' not ' pro- ceeded far when one of tlieih waa killed by' ruii- ; ' hiiig against a tree. The qthers ' were)1 lafterJa: short time, secured, and- fastoned toi the coacli, '. wliiqh bad to_ be iiffad but ' of tho mud lby- . means, of, .saplings, ropes being used instead! of reins until Waugarntta was reached.; Thanks to the .pluck, of the driver, Harry. Rae, the - coaeh reached Beccliwortli only un -hour after contract \- time;--" ' " ' 