GOULBURN POLICE COURT. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. BEFORE the police-magistrate. James Sullivan was charged with using obscene language. Consatble Bulla deposed that about one o'clock on Sunday morning he heard defendant make use of obscene language in Auburn-street; told defendant to go home, but he refused ; then arrested him ; was positive it was defendant who made use of the lan guage complained of. Defendant called Robert H. O'Brien, who deposed that on Sunday morning at one o'clock he was in company with the defendant when the policeman came up; was quite sure that defendant did not make use of the lan guage complained of, but that another man who was present did. The police-magistrate said he was inclined to be lieve the policeman's story ; but as he never con victed without a preponderance of evidence, he should dismiss the case. The police-magistrate said that in these cases, whenever there was a conviction, he would inflict the highest penalty in his power. John Duigan, who had been brought up on the 18th instant, under it warrant from Sydney bench on a charge of wife-desertion, and remanded for a for night on bail, again appeared before the court. The police-magistrate said he had received infor mation from Sydney that defendant's wife wished to withdraw the charge. After asking Duigan whe ther he had yet sent any money to his wife, and being answered in the affirmative, the police-magis trate discharged him. SALE OF CROWN LANDS. - On Monday last at the Goulburn court-house certain portions of crown land were submitted for sale. Forty-two lots were cata logued. One lot was at Upper Tarlo, and the rest in the parish of Kerrawary, county of Argyle. The at tendance was small. Fourteen lots were sold at the upset price, the Hon. T. Holt being the purchaser. For the other lots there was no offer. RUNS OF CROWN LANDS.-A schedule of runs of crown lands, with the newly adjusted rentals, is pub lished. PRE-EMPTIVE PURCHASE. - Five lots of land have been purchased by the Messrs. Ryrie of Burnima, Monro district, under the pre-emptive regulations. SNAKE-BITE--On Saturday night lost Mr. James Pedon of Tarlo was raising a log of wood from the ground when he was bitten on the back of the hand by a snake. He had the part cut out immediately, applied ammonia to the wound, fastened a strap tightly bound round the arm, and at once started for Goulburn. Dr. Perry injected a solution of ammo nia under the skin and dressed the wound. Mr. Peden asserts that the snake that bit him was a dia mond snake, and that he is quite sure of this. It is therefore a pity that he was not aware of the fact that neither the diamond snake nor the carpet snake, which closely resemble each other, are venomous. PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS.-Where there are so many public amusements as are this week being presented to the people of Goulburn it most be impossible, without neglecting other work of more importance, for the limited staff of a provincial newspaper to attend them all, even if times were sufficiently flourishing to justify laying out the necessary amount in tickets. We are therefore only in a position to say that Bird and Taylor's circus per formed here on Monday and last nights, on which occasions the attendance was moderate, and the audiences, we understand, were much pleased with the performances--and that Mr. and Mrs. George Simms, assisted by several local amateurs, gave a dramatic entertainment last evening, when there was a fair audience, and the performers were well re ceived. Herr Bandmann, who was advertised to appear on Tuesday evening, finding the field fully occupied, went on to Sydney. To-night there will be a tea-meeting in connexion with St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church; and to-morrow evening a dramatic entertainment by members of the Athe neum Club in aid of the funds of the hospital. DISGRACEFUL CONDUCT. - We regret to say. that the members of Bird and Taylor's circus complain of conduct which certainly is a disgrace to its per petrators. On Monday night some brickbats and several bottles were thrown from outside their tent on to the roof of and into their dressing-room. The police had to be communicated with, and a reward was offered for the discovery of the perpetrators, but without avail. THE EUROPEAN MAILS. - The Goulburn portion of the mails brought by the Geelong was delivered here on Saturday afternoon. The out-going mail by the Avoca will close in Sydney on Friday next. Letters from Goulhburn intended to go by this op portunity must therefore be posted by to-morrow night, and from places further in the interior on a day correspondingly earlier. INSOLVENCY- Surrender-William Johnstone, of Young, hay and corn dealer. Liabilities £217 9s. 2d. Assets, £190 13s. 1d. Mr. Sempill, official asignee. BRISBANE.-Friday, 2.30 p.m.-The Assembly has passed the tariff, with amendments. The proposed duty on flour has been rejected. The ad valorem duties have been raised to 10 per cent. In the case the customs authorities v. Hoffnung, a verdict has been returned for the plaintiffs on five counts. The goods are to be confiscated. Some points have been reserved for argument. The case lasted ten days. Telegram to S. M. Herald. WOLLONGONG.-Thursday.-A horse attached to an empty coal-truck, bolted down an incline on Mount Keira line this morning. The truck was cap sized, throwing out the driver, John Rawnsley, and his two sons, one of whom, eight years old, was killed on the spot. Rownsley had one leg broken.-Tele gram to S. M. Herald. NEWCASTLE-Thursday.- The new coal-staiths were tested again to-day, and the result is considered by the representatives of each of the local collieries to be satisfactory. Two waggons of Lambton small coal were shot over, and shovels had to be used to get it off the shoots. It is now beyond a doubt, that for vessels above two hundred tons the staiths are practically useless. The steam-tug Tamer was the receiving vessel. Mr. Darley, in the absence of Mr. Moriarty, conducted the experiment.-Telegram to S. M. Herald. SCONE.-Thursday.-A seam of rock-salt, four feet thick, has been discovered about eleven miles from Scone, by Dr. Creed, who has applied to the minister for lands for a lease of the land in order to work it. Telegram to S. M. Herald. WEST KEMPSEY.-Thursday.--Information came to-day from the Bellinger and Nambucca rivers, that the floods have been calamitous at both places. A woman named O'Rourke, and her two children were drowned at the Nambucca. An immense amount of property was swept away. The water rose higher than over was known; there is great distress in both places. Many persons have lost everything, and are destitute. Here the weather is now very fine; further information has arrived of loss caused by, the floods.-Telegram to S. M. Herald. DROWNED WHILE BATHING. - We regret to hear that a young man named Robert Coleman, son of a farmer at Howlong, was accidentally drowned on Thursday evening while bathing near the old cross ing-place in the Murray at Albury. Several young men and lads were bathing at the same time and place; but no help could be rendered to the deceased on account of the strong current then running. Coleman is said to have been an indifferent and timid swimmer; and the current was probably too much for him. A lad named Charles Richardson went into the water with the deceased and struck out into the current of the river, leaving Coleman behind in still water near the bank. The latter, however, seems to have followed the other lad into the stream, where he soon became distressed and exhausted and commenced throwing up his arms. He then sank twice, and on coming to the surface the second time appeared to be unconscious. His companion, Richardson then caught hold of him by the head, but was unable to hold him. The body of the deceased had not been brought to the surface up to Friday afternoon.-Albury Banner. SUPPLE'S CASE.-The case of Gerald Henry Sup- ple, for shooting at Mr. G. P. Smith with intent to kill him, has been so repeatedly mentioned that I should not have again referred to it but that some thing definite was arrived at on Monday, when he was again put on his trial. As on the last occasion, he was his own counsel; but his appeal to the jury did not, as on the last occasion, succeed in preventing a conviction. He declined to cross-examine the witnesses, and relied upon his enlisting the sympa thy of the jury on account of the prosecution to which he was being subjected in being tried again for the same offence being substantially that for which he was tried and convicted some months ago. He asserted that no grand jury in England would have found a true bill in the case of his second trial; and complained of the disadvantage at which he was placed, because the only representative of a grand jury here was one person, and that one a political as well as a legal official, who had supporters to please and conciliate. The jury found him guilty; but the judge consented to reserve the point as to the offence being the same as that for which the was previously tried.--Melbourne correspondent of S. M. Herald. ADDITIONAL LAND REGULATION. - Mr. Robertson, minister for lands, on Thursday laid on the table of the Assembly copies of two new land regulations. The first was an additional regulation for carrying into effect the Crown Lands Alienation Act:--" Lands which may have been temporarily reserved from sale under the 4th section of the Crown Lands Alienation Act, and the reservation of which shall have been revoked, shall not be sold conditionally or otherwise until thirty clear days shall have expired after the publication in the Government Gazette of the notice of such revocation." The second was an additional regulation for carrying into effect the Crown Lands Occupation Act, and was as follows: -" Any lands which may have been hold under mineral lease and forfeited, shall not be re-selected until thirty clear days shall have expire after the publication in the Government Gazette of such forfeiture." PRECAUTION AGAINST BUSH-FIRES. - The grass is everywhere so abundant this year as to suggest the expediency of keeping a careful look-out against the dangers arising from neglected camp-fires and other similar risks. Some of the squatters are already alert with regard to this matter, and are now placing conspicuous placards along lines of road, bridges, &c.;, warning travellers against carelessness in the use of fire. The following is a copy of one of these placards :-"Careless Use of Fire Act.-Persons camping or travelling are required to extinguish their fires before leaving their camping-places. Any person failing to comply with this or any other re quirement of the act will be prosecuted is the law directs. The act also directs that it shall be lawful for any person whomsoever to apprehend any person who shall be found committing any offence against any of the provisions of this act, and convey or de liver him to a constable; and further, that if any person shall resist or assault any person acting in execution of the provisions of the said act, every such offender will be guilty of a misdemeanour, and be dealt with accordingly."-Albury Banner. INSOLVENCY MEETING AT BRAIDWOOD.-A second meeting in the estate of Ryan and Macnamara, news paper proprietors, Braidwood, was held at the court house, Braidwood, on Friday, before R. Maddrell Esq. Three debts were proved, viz., James Larmer, one quarter's rent, £16. 5s.; McDonough, £60, wages (preferential); and M. W. Kelly, £26, Store-goods. The creditors present made a proposal that Mr. McDonough should be appointed agent of the estate to assist the official assignee to collect the debts, and requested Mr. Maddrell to forward the proposal to the chief commissioner, and as local commissioner to recommend the same. Mr. Maddrell signified that he would do no, although he pointed out that the pro per time to bring such a proposal forward would be at the third meeting, which would be hold in Sydney. P. Macnamara, the managing partner, was examined and made a few slight amendments in the schedule. The liabilities were £435 18s. 10d., £184 2s. 10d. of which were secured, and £251 16s. unsecured. The assets were £305 18s., of which £225 consisted of personal property and £80 18s. book-debts. The insolvent stated he believed some few of these debts which could have been collected at the time of sequestration could not be collected now. He attri buted the immediate causes of insolvency to the seizure of the printing plant by Messrs. Greville and Co. under a bill of sale, which seizure was in viola tion of both written and verbal promises made to them by Mr. Greville. He said he had two or three letters in his possession containing such promises and Mr. Maddrell suggested that he had better send down such letters to the official assignee in support of his statement. The insolvent acquiesced in the suggestion, and said he would do so. He said that another cause which had conduced to the insolvency was the depression of business caused by bad seasons; but notwithstanding this they would have been able to meet their liabilities had it not been for the seizuro alluded to and the stoppage of publication. The meeting then terminated.-Dispatch. STEAMER DISASTER. - From a private letter received from Hay, dated the 18th instant, we learn that the barge of the Albury steamer on starting on the voyage for Ethuca, with three hundred and fifty-five bales of Burrabogie wool on board, lurched suddenly over and tipped eighty bales of wool over into the river. The voyage was afterwards resumed with the balance of the cargo, but at Benduck another accident over took the barge, and, foundering outright, the whole of the wool was lost, In the two accidents three hundred and fifty-five bales altogether were lost. These were valued at £18 per bale, and being insured, the loss to the insurance company will amount to something approaching to £5000. The river was rather high at the time of the accident, and it is doubtful, therefore, whether more than a small proportion of the bales will, oven in a damaged state, be recovered. Business in Hay is very dull owing to the wetness of the season and the consequent diffi culty of travelling. The town is completely sur rounded with water, and an immense quantity of food has been destroyed.-Wagga Wagga Express. FALSE TRADE MARKS.-Some of the principal Melbourne importers have lately determined to put down the system of false trade-marks which has pre vailed amongst the colonial manufacturers. This has been notably the case with the agents for the sale of imported spirits, ale, and porter. The prosecution of one extensive brewer for selling his bear in stone bottles, labelled to imitate the celebrated " pig brand," resulted in his conviction and a fine. The executive also, after considering the published evi dence, erased the brewer's name from the commission of the peace. An imitator of Blood's brands was also fined. And now we have another large brewer, and he too a justice of the peace, fined for using labels designating his beer brewed at Collingwood as a la (in very miniature characters) prime Carlisle ale (in very large letters). This case was perhaps not so bad as the others, inasmuch as the brewer always spoke of "his" Carlisle ale, and therefore very few were deceived by the label; but as it was of a char acter to mislead purchasers, the police-magistrate inflicted the penalty ; and the public voice approves the decision, for these tricks of trade are so numerous and in some cases so flagrant, that it is high time the public were protected against them by a vigorous application of the law and the exposure and punish ment of the offenders.-Melbourne correspondent of S. M. Herald. The proposed railway survey from Wagga Wagga to Albury, and from the former place to Goulburn, is a surprising concession as coming from the Cowper-Robertson ministry, which has lately ex pressly declared against a through line between Sydney and Melbourne. However, if the plan is not intended as a sham, the population of the south-west interior will doubtless give it their warmest support. With regard to the country between Albury and Wagga Wagga, an easier line for a railway could scarcely anywhere else be found. For the most part the country is one uninterrupted extent of gently undulating or level bush, and more than one good track could be found. Whether or not the projected line over progresses so as to connect with this place, it is evident that Albury must always be something more than a roadside station on account of the dif ference of gauge necessitating a change of carriages at the junction of the two lines--a junction which is probably many years in the future. On the Victorian lines the gauge is 5 foot 3 inches, and on the New South Wales side the gauge of 4 foot 8½ inches has hitherto been adopted, and would doubtless be used for any extension in this direction from Goulburn. Albury Banner. IMPOUNDED AT MARENGO, on 14th November, from Marengo station, by J. Broughton, Esq , J.P., for trespass on run; sum duo, 11s. 6d. :-Bay horse, like $ off shoulder, hind feet white, little white on fore feet, white spots on back, star, collar-marked. To be sold on 8th December. IMPOUNDED AT MURRUMBURRAH , on 21st Novem ber, from Harden, by James Roberts, Esq.; sum due, 6s. each :--Bay colt, AA near shoulder, snip, near fore foot white; bay entire colt, SW near shoulder, star and snip, three white feet. To be sold 15th December. IMPOUNDED AT GRABBEN GULLEN, on 19th No vember, from Narragolong, Fish River, by Mr. E. Hallum; sum due, 7s. 3d.:-Black colt, CA off shoulder, 4 years, 14½ hands.-On same day, from Alton grass paddock, by A. Gray, Esq. ; sum due, 8s. 9d.:-Chesnut horse, silver mane and tail, white down the face, near hind foot white, J reversed side ways over H near shoulder, broken, 5 years, 14½ hands.-On 15th November, from Wheeo, by Mr. B. McSorley, for. trespass in grass paddock; sum due, 11s. each:-Grey horse, off hind foot white, bell on neck, like JP conjoined G near shoulder, W over R sideways reversed off shoulder, broken, aged, 15½; hands; black horse, star, white spots under saddle, hind foot white, shod, 2 near shoulder, aged, 16 hands. - On the 1st November, from Byalla, by A. Gray, Esq. ; sum due, £1 2s.:-Bay draught horse, blaze, off hind foot white, white spots under saddle, EC near shoul der. H on rump near side, like j off shoulder, aged, 15 hands. To be sold 8th December. IMPOUNDED AT COOTAMUNDRY, on 19th November, from Upper Cullengar, by order of D. H. Campbell Esq., J.P.; sum due, 7s. 3d. each :-Chesnut mare, R over - near shoulder, near hind foot white, blaze, broken in; black horse, JC near shoulder, CO off shoulder, star and blaze, saddle-marked ; bay horse, MG near shoulder, G off shoulder, near fore and off hind foot white, bald face, scum on near eye, off hip down, broken-in ; chesnut horse, LT or LT over WF conjoined over BB near shoulder, blaze, near hip down, saddle-marked; bay horse, B over T con joined near shoulder, B near rump, scar off rump and ribs, small star, saddle-marked ; bay horse, WM or Wm conjoined near shoulder, 2 off hip, star, saddle and collar marked, mark of fistula; piebald horse, MR conjoined near ribs, 1521 off shoulder, 0 or O over D off hip. To be sold 15th December. IMPOUNDED AT ELRINGTON, on the 19th Novem ber, from Bendora, by Frank Bell; sum due, 6s. 6d. each: -Dark bay horse, three white feet, like CW near shoulder, 2 over 2 off rump; chesnut horse, star and snip, near hind foot white, 5 over JB over like JM (writing capitals) near shoulder; dark bay mere, black points, switch tail, IC near shoulder; black mare, star, off hind foot white, like IS near shoulder; bay mare, star, anchor brand off shoulder, like EC3 under like B near shoulder; bay mare, black points, TB near shoulder; chesnut mare, white stripe face, hind foot white, collar-marked, no brand visible. To be sold 8th December. IMPOUNDED AT BINALONG, on the 19th November, from Limestone Creek by order of Mr. D. Ryan ; sum due, 8s.:-Dark bay horse, star, hind foot white, M in circle near shoulder; a small slit near ear, broken, aged, 15 hands. To be sold 15th December. IMPOUNDED AT GRENFELL, on the 17th November, from Little Caragabell, by order of F. F. Gibson, Esq.; sum duo, £1 14s. 6d.:-Red and white bull, RR over 5 near rump, R5 near ribs, 5 years, 12 hands. To be sold 8th December. IMPOUNDED AT GUNDAROO, on the 12th November, from Bywong, by P. Donnelly, Esq.; sum due, 14s.:-Grey mare, IM off shoulder.--Also, on the 14th, from Talagandra, by J. A Styles, Esq.; sum due,.12s. :-Bay horse, like 0 over PL near shoulder, white spots on back. To be sold 8th December. IMPOUNDED AT BURRANGONG, on the 16th Novem ber, from Three-mile, by Mr. P. Pures:-Bay horse, WMA near shoulder, small star, aged, 15 hands. To be sold 8th December. IMPOUNDED AT BUNGENDORE, on the 19th No vember, from Gidleigh, by order of Thos. McCords; sum due, 7s. each:-Dapple- grey mare, broken, saddle-marked, D over D near shoulder, over WV near thigh, aged, 14 hands; bay mare, broken, star, collar-marked, ? sideways over T over JO over go near shoulder, 4 years, 14¾ hands.--Also, same day, from Currendooly:----Blue roan mare, broken, like -F over 2 near shoulder, 6 years, 14½ hands. To be sold 15th December. 