INTERCOLONIAL. A very liberal land law has recently been passed by the Victorian Legislature. The land intended for selection is divided into allotments of not more than 320 acres, and any person may apply personally for a licence to occupy any allotment on payment of six month's rent for the same. This licence entitles the holder to occupy the land for three years at two shillings an acre per annum. Within two years of the issue of his licence he must enclose the land with a good substantial fence, and cultivate at least one acre out of every ten. If the rent is not paid, if the land is not occupied within six months after the granting of the licence, or if improvements to the value of £1 per acre be not made before the end of the third year the licence will be annulled. If all these regulations are complied with he is entitled, at the end of three years, to a Crown grant to the land, on payment of fourteen shillings per acre; or he may obtain a seven year's lease of the land on the same conditions as before, and at the end of that period he can have his title. No one but a proved bona fide selector can take up land under the Act. Auction sales of land are also to be held, hut in such a manner as cannot fail to attract population, and do justice to the agriculturist. A great many are expected to leave South Australia for Victoria; and a number of families have already resolved to leave the South- East to take up land there. A Victorian paper says — " As glowing accounts of the prospects of the harvest reached us from every quarter a few weeks since, to we are now told of disappointment almost everywhere. The stripper first showed how little grain was left in the wheat, and the thrashing-machine is now. telling the same tale. Anticipated yields of twenty-five or thirty bushels to the acre dwindled down to ten or fifteen, and those farmers who had wheat either quite or nearly ripe during the three memorable hot days are beginning to think themselves fortunate if the actual yield comes within ten bushels of their estimate. The; oats were mostly either cut or fully ripe before the worst of the hot winds, so that they suffered comparatively little. In former years the millers have been accused of combining for the purpose of keeping down the price of wheat until they get their mills and stores full, but this year the farmers were inclined to act in unison, and not to sell below what they think a fair value. In some districts it is even proposed to form a fund from which to assist those in pressing need of money, until they can obtain the regulating price for their grain. A very little concert among the farmers will bring the millers to terms this year, for in all the populous districts they ar absolutely without wheat or flour on hand." The " Belfast Gazette" thus writes of the harvest and harvest wages in that neighborhood — There is a great difficulty experienced this season in obtaining harvest hands. We have heard of farmers in the Yambuk district having to ride many miles in search of labor, and in many cases unsuccessful. In the neighborhood of Koroifc and Tower Hill the farmers are paying irom twenty to tweniy-nve siiinings per acre ior reaping, and even at that high rate a great difficulty is found in obtaining hands. The crops are generally reported as being quite equal to tho average ; and in some parts of the district on the new land they are heavy. At Yambuk we hear of a crop of rye realising forty bushels to the acre. The ex-Bishop op Auckland. — The " Annals of the Propagation of the Faith" states; that Monsignor Pompallier, worn out by the labors of an apostleship of thirty years in New Zealand, has begged the Sovereign Pontiff to allow him to retire from the duties of the Episcopal See of Auckland. His Holiness has just conferred on the venerable missionary bishop the title of the Archbishop of Amasia, in partibus. We are glad to hear that Mr. John Murdoch, of Waiotahi, a colonist who is held in deservedly high esteem by all to whom he is known, was received into the Catholic Church, on the Festival of the Epiphany, by the Rev. Father Murphy, rector of Grahamstown.-— " Tasmanian Catholic Standard." Requiem Mass, St. Mary's.— Gn Tuesday, January 20th, a solemn Requiem Mass was cele- bated at St. Mary's Catholic Church, Hobarfc Town, for the repose of the soul of Mrs. M. Ignatius Verling, foundress of the Presentation Convent at Fermoy, Ireland. Mrs. Verling died last October at the parent house of the Order in the city of Cork. Rev. James J. G. Barrett (Hartley, New South Wales) officiated as cele brant, Rev. P. R. Hennebry as Deacon, Rev. J. Murphy as Sub-Deacon, and Rev. D. Beechinor, of the Cathedral, acted as Master of the Cere monies. R.I.P. — Ibid. The Citv Bank of Sydney has declared a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum, ond rQ /"inn +n ..oac-woA -Pi. n /I Tli n ouu 1V/OV1 itu i.UUUi AXXv capital is to be increased by £200,000. The Hon. Mr. Cowper, the new Chief Secre tary of New South Wales, has been duly nomi nated for Liverpool Plains, and a Mr. Abbot proposed himself. The show of hands was in favor of Mr. Cowper, and Abbott demanded a poll. The Rainfall, on Tuesday, November 25th, as guaged at the Shire Office in Hamilton, amounted to 2£ inches. The rains appear to have been general all over the colony, extending to Mount Gambier on the west, to the Ovens and Murray districts in the north, and to Gipps Land in the east. — ' Hamilton Spectator.' The Intercolonial Customs. — Mr. David Randall, of South Australia, informs the 'Argus' that the following petition is in course of sig nature at Coleraine:— " To the Hon. the Com missioner of Customs for the colony of Vic toria. — The petition of the undersigned in habitants of Coleraine and surrounding dis trict humbly sheweth — That the anomalous position of the border traffie between the colo nies of South Australia and Victoria demands early investigation and amendment. That the light wholesome wines produced by our neigh bors are healthful, refreshing, and suitable for consumption among the farming classes, espe cially in harvest time. That these wines are subjected to a prohibitory duty of 3s. per gal lon, and are therefore either not imported through the ports of the colony, or are introduced in a clandestine manner over the border. That the well-known (illicit) trade carried on by travel ing dealers competes unfairly with those who pay license fees and duties to the Government of Victoria. Your memorialists therefore humbly request that the interchange of colonial grown products across the border free of duty may be immediately permitted, and that the traffic be legalised in a similar matter to that already existing between New South Wales and Victoria oa the River Murray." — Ibid. The New South Wales Political Prisoners' FunD. — We regret to observe from the 'Freeman's Journal,' that a misunderstanding has arisen amongst the gentlemen in Sydney, who have worked so unitedly and energetically to raise funds for the relief of the released political prisoners. It seems that on the 30th November a report and balance sheet were sub mitted at a meeting of the committee, and a recommendation made that the balance in hand should be forwarded at once to Western Australia. Mr. Gaffney, one of the treasurers, pointed out that the report was informal, inas much as it was adopted by a meeting at which there was no quorum. Under these circum stances, he held that no action could be taken upon the document. The chairman, however, with the approbation of the meeting, ordered the money to be transmitted to Western Australia as recommended. Mr. Gaffney considered he would not be justified in disposing of the money directed, the report being informal, and de clined to forward the balance. Mr. O'Neill and others then went to the bank, and endeavoured to obtain the money to the credit of the fund, but without success. A meeting of subscribers subse- quently called by Mr. Gaffney, and held the 21 inst. in the Swiss Hotel, George-street, when that gentleman defended the course he had taken, and received the approbation of the meeting. A public meeting was to have been held on last Saturday evening, to 'discuss differences/ and decide as to the disposal of the balance of the fund. We earnestly trust that an amicable result has been arrived at; for now that the substantial object of the committee and sub scribers has been attained, it would bo a pity that there should be any misunderstanding to mar the consequent satisfaction. The 4 Ararat Advertiser' stater that Mr. M'Lel- Jan's appointment to the Cabinet has given very general satisfaction at Ararat, even to many who differ from the new minister on political snbjeets. Mr. M'Lellan, it is said, will take the earliest opportunity he can of meeting the elec tors and soliciting their suffrages for his re elec tion. Already large and infinential committees have been formed to ensure his return. Catholic. — The foundation-stone of a chapel that is intended to be an adjunct to the Abbots- ford Convent, East Coliingwood, was laid on Sunday, January 23rd, by the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, Vicar-General of the Catholic Church in Victoria. It is to be a chapel in memory of the late foundress and nuns of the order of the religious sisters of the Good Shep herd in this colony. The names of the sisters whose memories are thus to be commemorated are Mary of St. Joseph (Dojle), foundress and prioress of the Order; Mary Agnes (Roche), Alary Ignatius (Doyle), and Mary of the Holy Cross (O'Hagan).— 44 Australasian." Judge Therrt of the colony of Australia has received the honor of knightood ; we rejoice to hear that this well deserved honor has been con ferred upon him, for the judge did good service to the Catholic cause in Ireland previous to his going abroad. In regard to the Australian wine trade, we perceive that the German press has lately taken the matter up, and devoted considerable space to discussing the quality and merits of the various colonial vintages. The demand for the wines of the-Adelade district is especially active and in creasing. News from Western Australia state Governor Welds intends introducing important changes into the land system of that colony, so as to make it more attractive to immigrants. Sir Gideon Culling Eardly, charged with fraud was before Mr. Alderman Chalis on the 1 Oth November, at Guildhall, on remand. Mr. Beard, solicitor, stated that the Prosecutor 44 declined to go to any Jfurther expense in the matter, as he had already lost enough." The Alderman upon this discharged the baronet. January, the midsummer of the Austral ias, has been unusually pleasant in the South-East, though changes from the cold of winter to the burning heat of summer have been frequent. The temperature in general has been so cool that even bush-fires have not yet broken out. The hottest day of theseasofi was the20th December, 1869, when the thermometer stood fat 1056 in the shade, and 145 in the sun. The hottest day of this month was the 23rd, when the greatest heat in the shade was 102 , and in the sun 1446 The total rainfall of the month iip to the 27th was 6170 inches; 4 % inches, of which fell in about 20 hours on the 24th and 25th. The English seed wheat imported to this dis trict some months ago by the Farmers' Club, has ig several instances produced a poor crop, and so far the Australian wheat has preserved its repu tation. It is likely that as the English wheats become more acclimatized they will give satis faction. As an instance of the vegetable- producing qualities of the district the following is worthy of note. Mr. W. Anderson, of Port Macdon- nell, has a small field of potatoes therefrom which potatoes weighing lib. 3ozs. have been dug. Wheat Samples. — A few heads of each kind of wheat imported last year by the Farmers' Club, the Red Nursery, Sheriff's Bearded, and the Talavera, have been left at our office for in spection by ehose interested. All are -more or less affected by rust, but none of them so much a3 a sample of Tuscan which was sown side by side with the with the English wheats and at the same time. The Tuscan, never thelss, will bear very7 favorable comparison with the others. The Talavera will it is thought scarcely prove suitable for this climate, as it is liable, even in England, to shed its grain in the harvest field, and has to be cut before it is quite ripe to secure it from this casualty. The samples were grown on the farm of Mr. C. Holloway, and are quite as good as any of the samples grown from English seed we have yet seen. — " Mount Gambiei Staadard. 