ANNUAL BEPOET OT? THE ENGINEER OP BO ADS, NORTHERN DIVISION, FOB THE YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 1860. To Tus HOKOCSABLE TUE MDTISIEB FDSXJC 1T0BKS. .. - . . Sta,-I do myself the honour-to report on the operations of taj Department during the past year. It is to bo observed that the cost of tho works herein returned may vary slightly from that stated in tho official return matta to tbe Registrar- General. Tins is explained by the fact, that in one caso it is computed by taking the price of the labour and incidental charges, adding twenty per cent, on the former as cost of proportion of wear and tear of plant and supervision ; whilst in tho latter, it is simply arrived at by taking the amount of vouchers charged to each vote,-tho former is held to bo th« closer and fairer method of the two. ROCKlliSUTON DlSTBICT. Lion Creek Bridge was commenced ia 1868, but iras only UBialied at the commencement of tbia year, lt is a simple structure of more than ordinary strength. Cost, £1660. Lion Creek Dani.-Ibis work baring been injured by thu flood, and it being impossible at once to repair it, a much more extensive work became necessary, in order to ensure its safety and efficiency. Cost, £199 Ils. 'Jd. Yaamha Road.-A party lias beon kept at work during fire mouths of tho year on tho im- provement and maintenance of this road, which it now in very good order. Cost, £435 7s. il. Cmtarral Jload.-Two substantial culverts have been made, ono at the Black, and another at England's Cully. Theswamp near England's paddock has been drained, and a portion corded. Some Blight improvement hus also been made at the township. Total cost, £115 3s. 8.1. Gracemere Hoad.-Gracemere Creek Bridge lias been repaired, and some slight improvements made in its vicinity. Total cost, £71 13s. 41. j Bouldercombe Road.-The culvert atthecross ing of thc Duck Ponds, having become imposable during the rains, bas been put in thorough re- pair. Cost, £162 17s. Rosewood Riad.-Whilst some improvements were being made on (his road it was found that a deviation might bB mudo which would avoil n Bicep ascent, but the expenditure is n >t nt pre- sent warranted by thc u-jiounl of traffic. Coat, £97 Us. Westwood to Gainsford.-Repaire have been made to tbe causeway at the railway terminus, WeBtnojd, costing £97 10s. ¡ and a causeway made approaching the' punt at Gainsford, with other improvements, »sting £173 16s. il.;' making a total expenditure of £2716s ii. Gainsford io Springture.-Tia portion of raid between Sharper's Creek and Bone Creek his been cleared to a width of hulf a chain. A culvert has been made in tho Bone Creek Scrub, and another commenced i but the fund becoming exhausted, it waa left incomplete, and thc party recalled. Expenditure, £215 5s. 7d. , Broadsound io Clermont.-Repairs have been made to the causeway near Cothcrston Station, costing £10 5s. ; and a well, provided with drinking troughs, sunk at a station nine miles from thence, casting £70 6s. ii. Culverts orer the two tidal creeks approaching the wharf at St. Lawrence have been made, and a third nearer t'ie town. The main road to the wharf has been regularly formed in front of tho pilots' residences, thc total cost amounting to £240 13s. Cl ¡ and total expenditure on road to £351 4s. 10J. Yaamba aniMijator Creek Terries.-These ferries have been h a cd for one year from Sep- tember laBt, for the nominal rental of three pounds each, the les ices providing the punts, and being subject to the Ferry Regulations. Gainsford Puní.-This ferry is still in the hands of the Department. Tbe cost of its maintenance, iicluling puot-keepar's wages, amounts to £165 lis. 2J. Tho receipts for the toll during tbe year amount to £56116s. lOd. Mackenzie Boat Perri/.-A ferry boat has boen established at the crossing of thc Mackenzie, on the Clermont road, and a suitable scale ol charges proclaimed The river remains so short a time annually so much flooded as to make the (ord impassable, that tho probable receipts are very small, and would not pay the wages of a permanently appointed ferryman; for the same reason great difficulty has been met in inducing any- one to take a lease. It was let to a party resident on the spot, at a nominal reutal of one pound per annora, but in consequence of delay in proclamation of the charges, he has declined to undertake it. A house has been erected for the protection of the boat, with a Îiartition for the keeper, and approaches hare >cen made for landings. Expenditure, £125 16s. 9i. Calliie Bange.-The repair of the southern ascent of this range bas been completed by contraot, at a cost of £108. Gladstone lo Calliope Hange.-Slight repairs have boen carried out on this road and on the rango itself, which still continues to be periodi- cally damaged by tho practice of drawing logs after the drays. It was proposed to place a toll on it, but the slight trafile does not warrant the outlay. Expenditure, £77 12s, 9J. SrHINOStJBE DlSTEICT. Springsure to Gainsford.-Tho sectiondrer Taurus Oap lia) been repaired and maintained, at Boost of £175 10(, Springsure io the Barcoo.-Tile works on this road hare been confined to the completion I of Vaudyke Creek Bridge, cost £565 ; of scrub cutting, and Borne slight improvements between Vandyke Creek and tho Barcoo Bange, at a cost of £163 13s.; making a total expenditure of £728 13s. 1 Warrego Hoad.-Tho bridge at Bol lesion liss been put in repair, a great delay in obtain- ing the requisite sawn timber making the work much more expensive than was estimated, or than it could have been done for under ordinary circumstances. Cost, £187 ls. 63. Tho Carnarvon Bange has besn put in repair, and the section thence to tho bridge otherwise attended to, at a cost of £200 ls 7d. A portion of scrub has also been cleared near tho bridge, at a cost of £13 5s. 2d. ; making a total ex- penditure of £100 8s. 3d. Roads alout C/ertnont.-The roads branching from MacDonald's Fiat to Copperfield std Clermont have been defined and cleared tova width of half a chain, the one by tho road party, and the other by contract. CoBt (returns incomplete). Water Supple.-A reservoir and dam have been made at Sweeney's Gully, near Copperfield, which is estimated to supply fire hundred people with ten gallons of water per day for nearl? six months. The principle ob- served in the formation of the reservoir has been to make tho surface area as small as possibbvin order to prevent excessive evaporation ; ancUas the nature of the soil allows of drainage under- ground, it is probablo that the supply will be mum more laBuog man ii a larger extent ot water had been dammed up. Cost, £681 lie 5d. A reservoir lias been completed on tho Mackay road at Apsley Creek, five miles from Clermont. It is a simple excavation, with no attempt at damming further than placing tho excavated earth down stream, not sufficient funds being available for making a regular dam. Cost, £87 2s. Bd. Contracts nave been given out for sink- ing nells at Myall Creek sud Wolfang Peak, on tbs Mackay road, and at Mount Oscar, on the Broadsound road. A reservoir bas UIBO been commenced at Setro Creek, eighteen miles from Clermont, but has been delayed by the rain?. Every effort was made to get reservoirs made at convenient stages on the road from Clermont to Rockhampton before the rainy season, but the difficulty of getting reliable contractors to mtder- ! take the work has made it impossible. In two instances contractors have failed to undertake the work after it hod been let to thom. KKNNEDT DISTBICI. ILoa.it about Mackay.-A culvert has been j formed over Baker's Creek, at s coat of £172 j 10». ; and tbe road thenco into Mackay has been j improved along ita worst parts, at a cost of £257 16s. 3d. ¡ making a total expenditure of ¡ £430 6s. 3d. I Hoads aloul Bo<ne«.-A email part; lias been employed in the vicinity of Bowen, and from thence aa far aa the Leichhardt Bange. The works attended to arc : Tidal creek near Bowen .£25G 14 6 Bead to Adelaide Point. 4 10 0 Bowen to Leichhardt Bange. 140 16 11 Total expenditure .£402 1 4 Hoads aloul Townsville.-Exclusive of the repairs of Thornton's Oap, works have been carried out between thut place and the Capo and Gilbert Diggings on tho road vii Dal- rymple, and on a new linc marked by the district o dicer. Expenditure ou tho old line. £Gt 12 9 Kiponditure on the new line ... 86 15 2 £151 7 U Hoads about Cardwell.-Tho works have been confined t J tho repair and improvement of the road to and at Sea View Bange. An important deviation has been made, aroiding a very bad portion. Cost, £300. Thc total expenditure amounts to (returns incomplete). Thornton's Oap.-The annual ropairs bave I been made on tLia range at a cost of £263 8a. Sd. ; toll-keeper's wages, £109 10s. ; total expenditure, £372 18a. 3d. The receipts of the toll-gate for the year amount to £1S6 18s. lld. Spencer's Oap.-The snnual repairs have cost £61 16s. 7d. ; toll-keeper's wages, £109 10s. ; total expenditure, £171 6s. 7d. Hie total receipts of the tell for the year amount to £145 9s. 9d. It will thu« bc seen that thc receipts but little'more thin pa; the wages of tho tjll kceper. A house for tho toll kocpor nt Thorn tin's Oap is much required, but tho necessary oullny has been postponed until the present year. A culvert hus been burnt by a bush-fire on thc range,-the loss would probably not have occurred bsd the toll-keeper been able to absent himself from the gate in order to burn the grass at thc proper season. Survey of Main Beads.-Surveys huve beeo^ made in tue Rockhampton District from Baffle Crerk to Rawbelle, Sevastopol to Bailey's Creek Diggings, and connecting Cawarral with surveyed lands. The survey from Baffle Creek bas likewise been permanently marked as a road for stock. In the Springsure District-From Retro Creek, past Langton Downs, to McDonald's Flat ; from MacDonald's Flat to Clermont ; from MacDonald's Flat to Copperfield ; from Clermont to Cotherstone, Broad Sound Hoad ; from Clermont to Logan Downs, Mackay road ; from Clermont to Springs -, from Orion Downs to Carnarvon Range ; and other email detachod surreys ia the neighbourhood of Clcrtnontj Copperfield, and Springsure. Sections of all these roads hare been perma- nently marked, and will bo submitted for pro- clamation as inaiu roads so soon as the neces- sary plans can bo completed ia tho office. In I he Kennedy District a nen road bas been marked between Thornton's Oap and Stockyard Creek, making a saving of forty miles on the road to the Gilbert Diggings, end another from Oak Park Station to Gilberton, which makes a saving of eighteen miles. The question haring again arisen as to the existence of a superior line of road from Card- well to Gilberton, to the north of Sea View Range, the district officer, accompanied by one of the projectors, has made a careful exploration of the line proposed, by which it bas *btea proved that a direct line cannot be obtained, and that the only possible route would bs much unger than that at present in use, and would oost from £2,000 to £3,000 to make-a con-, eideration which must set the question at rest. Ali the surreys hare been carried out at a Terr low aTerage cost, the feature surreys being mudo chiefly by assistants. I may instance that the Baffle Creek road, through ¿0 exceedingly difficult country, was explorcd/surreyod, and marked, for 2Gs. 3Jd- per mile. In every other respect, also, the works of the Department hare ' been carried out with rory etriot economy, I bave, &c.fV; FEED. BYERLEY, Engineer of Roads, Kori hern Division. 25th January, 1870. 