: ?VICTORIA. ', A" STLiEiATN, February 24. A aminer named Hocking was found dead near Yaridoit: this' mrning. It is supposed he was killed through falling fromn his horse S BSEomVORT, February 23. . A meeting was held here today for the formation of a company to carry out the branch line, of railway from Beeehworth to Wangaratta. Provisional directors were ap pointed, and a form of prospectus was adopted .An immediate canvass was resolved upon for the disposal of shares in, the. under taking. . The races commenced to.day. The weather was fine and there was an average attendance on the course.- The running was good through. .out. .,f.; . . a?iaiden Plate.-Snowdrift, 1; Stranger, 2. Flying Stakea.-Bronzework, 1 ; Aruma, 2. Handicap.-Fleur do Lis, 1; Huntsman, '' 2; Wisdom, : Handicap tsurdle ·aee Oruiiskeen, 1 ; Abelard, 2. . CorLai, Feb. 23. ash fires have' been raging in' all diree tions_ since' Monday,' at Carpendeit, JIrre willippe; and'Colic. No particular damage has been done. Silk's saw mills are saved; *it was reported that they were totally de stroyed. *At Terang, Napthin's homestead has been destroyed: The a eatlier has now changed foe the bettedr.' . :.. " ' TALnoT, Feb. 23. Thomas Studman, a farmer, at Mount Glasgow, shot his wife dead this afternoon Suspecting her fidelity he brought the sus- I pected paramour (Williams) face to face 2 with her. A struggle followed during which the wile was shot in the heart, dying instan taneously. It is supposed that the shot was intended for Williams. The deed was evidently a preinediated, as the revolver with which it i was committed, was bought yesterday. Stud man is now in the lock-up, but Williams has not been arrested yet. WANeaearnOOL, 23rd Feb. Messrs. Greville and Company have re ceived this morning from their correspondent at Warrnambool the following fuirther par ticulars as:to the supposed burning ship re ported to have been seen off Cape Otway on I Monday night last. The captain of the brig 2ower Hillasays that lihe only saw a reflection on the sky of a fire. Thought at ilit it was a bush-fire on King's Island, but calculating his then position lie saw that that was im possible, and that it must have been a ship. The captain of the schooner Ans says that lie distinctly saw, on Monday evening, at 8 o'clock, a blaze like that of'a burning ship. He was then close in by Moonlight Head, and the burning ship was distant apparently fourteen miles south by east. Both captains agree about position and thu time of the fire. They state that the wind did not favor their approaching the burning ship, but they were both very sorry they did not attempt it, or hang on till the umorning. On their arrival at Warrnambool on Tuesday at noon they reported the occuronco to Mr. Musgrove, the harbor master, . who immediately telegraphed it' to the Customs department, Melbourne, presuming that they would at' once' send out a steamer. The Pharos left Melbourne for WVi-rnambool on a surveying cruiso, non Tuesday evening, but at this hour has not arrived here. 'If any firther particulars transpire will immediately telegrlph. A large ship was seen off the coast, bound 'east, tacking about, on Sunday, by the captain of the, 2.toer Hill, a little west of the Otway.. The' signal master at Cape Otway reports to the Governient that ion .Monday night he saw a glare of fire about 7.80 p.m., which looked like a fire on King's Island. It did not appear to travel, and gradually died out. The wind at the time was very light. The bearirig of the light wta S. 25 dog. E. The captain of the Orwell reports that he passed King's Island at the time abovementioned, and saw 'a fire' on shore. l"p.m.-The Plaros is now steaming in, and. will anchor .about' 2. Inquiry will' be made on board in reference to the sup posed ship on fire. 3 p.m.: Lieut. Stanley, of the Pharos, says that he saw nothing of a' burning vessel, and knew nothing of the report until his arrival here. 