COMMON SCHOOLS AND POLITICS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE STAR. — Yours, &c.;, NEUTRAL. SIR, —Your correspondent, “P. R.,” in to-day’s paper says that the rule of the Board of Education, prohibiting common schoolhonses from being uaed for political purposes has been "openly and flagrantly •violated in the BaUarat-and <rther districte.” Will you -allow me to suggest to'i-B. E 4” .landito such -of your, readers as are anxious to. keep our. schools and school masters out of the sphere of politics, that if he or they know' of any cases in which this most salutary rule has been infringed, I believe any complaint made to the Board of Bdlication wili meet with prompt atten tion- I submit also that it is the duty of good citizens to aid'the board in. carrying Out their rule,: and they can best do so by letting them;'know, when it is in fringed. A Publican on Sunday Trading.— A publican writes to ua {Geelong Advertiser ) as follows:—" lam . living in the bush. On Sunday afternoon last I heard a knock at the door. There was a poor-old woman who asked me to give her a pint of beer. I told'her I could not sell her any, but as she seemed to be faint ing, I gave her one, and the poor old creature seemed to enjoy it much. Now is not this ‘hard lines,’to say that a poor old creature nearly seventy years. of age, should not be allowed to dt down a few minutes and get a little refreshment, while gentlemen can ride in their buggies and have a bottle of P.B. to com fort them as they go along. I should like to see Mr Higinbotham on the tramp, with his swag on his back on a hot summer’s day, and nothing to eat or drink for nearly the whole day, and. then get, refused. Englishmen are fast losing their caste. , I have been in Australia nearly twenty-seven years, and have seen some ups and downs, but never till now have I seen a poor creature refused refreshment. The old woman I refer to had really travelled on foot twenty miles on that hot Sunday.” Out of the Feung-Pan into thb Fire.— The following extraordinary proceeding on the part of the barque Tavistock is furnished by the Newcastle cor respondent of the Sydney Morning Serald: —“On Monday night the barque Tavistock, from Melbourne, was off this port shortly before midnight. The master. Captain Moody, told the chief officer to go forward and bum a blue light as a signal fora pilot, the vessel" being some ten miles off the land at the time. The mate had scarcely gone when the captain threw a life buoy into the sea, and immediately jumped overboard after it. An alarm was instantly made and a boat lowered, but after searching fruitlessly for three hours, the boat returned and was hauled up, the captain being given up for lost. Soon after daylight one of the tugs made the barque, and, when close up, Captain Moody was observed not 100 yards offi The boat was again lowered, and the master brought safely, on board, apparently but little the worse for his iminer sion of six hours in the sea. It is stated that Captain Moody and his officers are not on the beat of terms; that some quarrelling had taken place, and the cap tain had some fear of his life, and preferred jumping overboard to being thrown, as there appeared a chance of swimming ashore. How he escaped the sharks is a wonder, as the sea swarms with them at this season of the year; remarkable also that he should have been picked up so close to his ship, seeing the time he was in the water, and the strong southerly current that now prevails. Dr Pearse, associate of Dr Bowker, went on board and had an interview with Captain Moody, andprescribed some medical comforts, recom mending the captain a few days on shore for a change.” Extraordinary Affray.— In the Melbourne County Court on Monday, the cause M'Namara v Eyan was tried before Judge.Pohlman and a jury of four. The plaintiff was a tenant of defendant’s, occu pying a house adjoining defendant’s, on Emerald Hill On the 21st November, plaintiff having then had notice to quit, and being irritated on going home at not finding his wife there, went to the defendant’s house and used most abominable language about some women there with whom he thought his wife was associating, and also about a man who lived at Eyan’s. In _ the evidence for the defence it was stated that plaintiff had behaved like a thorough madman, as, after using the language spoken of, he ran after a Mra M'Laughlin, caught her by the hair, and, lifting an axe he had in his hand, threatened to knock her brains out. Another woman, named Mrs Eobertsbn, seeing the dangerous position her companion was in, attacked M'Namara with a broom, which he speedily took from her, and beat her with it, knocking off the head of the broom in the performance. Mra Eoberteon’s son, a lad about 14 years of age, then came on the scene with a couple of horseshoes he had picked up some where, and he hammered the plaintiff over the head and forehead with the shoes. Eyan then became mixed up in the affair’ and’aa the plaintiff was about to knock him down with a clothes prop he cut short plaintiff’s vagaries by striking him on the forehead with a_ hoe, which inflicted a very dangerous wound, for which compensation was sought in the present action. The plaintiff claimed £149, but the jury gave him nothing, their verdict, after about two minutes’ consultation, being for defendant. Departure of “ Thb ' Nugget.” —Among the notable, if not fashionable departures on Monday may be mentioned that of James Logan, alias the well known “Derwent Nugget,” who sailed for Tasmania in the Launceston steamer. His departure, it will be remembered, was hurried by a gentle reminder from the City Benph that it might not be good for him to remain longer than a week in Melbourne, and he was therefore escorted to the steamer by several anxious friends in the shape of detectives. As the steamer moved from the wharf, the “Nugget” climbed the rigging, and gave three hearty cheers for Victoria. The_ “ friends” he was leaving behind made some parting signs to him expressive of what he might ex pect if he returned to Victoria within the time pre scribed by the law. The base insinuation was, how ever, treated by the “ Nugget” with the greatest con tempt.—Telegraph. Weather at the Wuoiera The Glenorchy cor respondent of the Ararat Advertiser thus writes on 23rd February:—“ The term ‘ ever flowing ’ may, this season, be applied to the Wimmera at Glenorchy, as all through the summer, at intervals of ten or twelve days, heavy rainfalls have, occurred in the valley of the Wimmera, and freshets have come down. The ’ growth of green grass has been extraordinary, and now all fears of serious bush-fires appear to be ended. The farmers have had a bad troublesome season, so far as their crops are concerned, as owing to the con tinued floods a great deal of the seed corn perished;, what was left certainly grew most luxuriantly, but' owing partly to rust, and also to thb heavy thunder and hail storms while the corn was dead ripe or in the stook, much grain was knocked out and wasted. At Callawadda and other places, owing partly to the wet season,-but-mainly .to the- inferior-samples-of- seed wheat sown, half of the grain threshed proves to be mere drake, thus reducing , the average number of bushels of wheat per acre to a very low figure. Threshing goes on very slowly;; owing to the late rains, many of the stacks have -had to be taken to pieces! and dried oyer and over again. However, in spite of all that, quite a new industry has sprung-up for car riers in this locality, for during the last few weeks several teams have been carting wheat to the local mill a." ..,■■■■ : Professor Irving. —SaysTuesday’aAyc:—“Ameet- ing of the council of the Melbourne University was held yesterday, to consider the mode of filling U p the vacancy caused by the resignation of Professor Irving, who has accepted the position of head master of Wes ley College. Professor Irving sent in his resignation about the end of January, and at the meeting of the council, held a few days after, the resignation was’ accepted. The professor- offered his services to con duct the University exEuninations, but the council declined to accept them.. Professor-Hearn" was re quested to undertake the duty in addition to his own and he did so, in a manner which was thoroughly an. predated. He was empowered to conduct the ma triculation examinations in the comparative philology and logic classes, which would have been conducted ' by Professor Irving, as well as the. honor examina-' turns, and the examinations for the pupils of Professor Irving’s classes, availing himself of such assistance as he might require. This relieves the council from'the anxiety occasioned by the sudden loss of the : services of Professor Irving, and they feel assured that the examinations will be conducted in : such a manner as to give every confidence to the public. Yesterday the, council was engaged_considering whether they should send to Great Britain for a scholar of distinguished eminence, or invite- candidates' resident in the ■ Austin' ! lasian colonies : to" submit; their qualifications. ' Thik question is still under consideration, and will be finally decided at the adjourned meeting to be held next Monday.” ■ . i ;; > A young woman, named Elizabeth Miller, threw berKU.into.-,the Tarra near r Prince’s-bridge, Mel bourne, about six o’clock on'Monday eveumg.biit was : pulled out by Mr Edwards, boatbuilder. ' After! shehad been taken out she; struggled very hardj and made a second attempt to get'into the river, but was' held fast and taken to theeitywatchhouse,- , ‘V 1 