TALK OK 'CffAVflll " I will bay with you, sell urHh you, talk with you.* —Sboxsfeiss. " —Qnimquun ridentantdioerB varum Quid veUtt"—Borage. . When a few unoffending individuals have "been hanged, and their innocence "hall have become apparent—when § la too late, so far as the sufferer is conoernei, to make amends! accused persons trill, notjbe left to endure trial undefended. Place fbe £500 per annum saved by the eooaomy of tile Crown law -officers against the community's sense of justice and fitness, and haw small the money looks? The British practice Is for the judge to assign to a prisoner without means some junior at the bar as ooarijtel. Bat even this scarcely meets the case. To effectively con duct a defence, oounsel ro^uirea time to con «der it in every poaribU aspect, to choose some particular oourse, m secure the atten dance of perhaps distant witnesses. A.U thfee things cannotbe d|uberately end effi rientiy done by tcdllm{ (oung Brlefleea to stand np in court arid dihisheat sgainst a carefully oonsiderednod akilfally framed charge. Assigned dounael we not aooraplpte wood* unless theyare Wpointsd by M «?>• For outright hatred, few \ for ill suijhaii^**"*1'' .r:—and up .&&&' On 'Change we occasionally see Mr. Goold, who is a gentleman commercially supposed to know a thing or two. Said Mark Tapley of poor Tom Pinch in Martin VhuztkwU— *' Weak-minded man!—plays the organ ,for nothing." Was! this Mr. Goold's case? If to, the congregation had a good musician cheap. In Collins- street the resigned organist is popularly supposed not to limit his appreci ation of notes to notes musical. Some of the* congregation worshipping in the St Kilda Presbyterian Church protest against the Reverend Mr. Moir farming ont his (their?) pulpit at a trifle per week, appro priating the bulk of the stipend to himself like any ordinary fleshly-minded person. Others of the congregation admire Mr. Moir's pious 'cnteness so highly that they appro priately presented him with a memorial bag of superfluous sovereigns. I don't think that folks on 'Change can properly estimate the motives of some of these Uviug examples of piety, who when worldly matters are in question comport themselves so much like the nhregenerate that very few can discern any difference. ' There was a pertinent inquiry made lately by a correspondent of one of'the daily jonraals which I haven't yet seen answered. The Minister of Mines is a candidate for the Sand buret Boroughs. He is accused of under taking the supply of sludge water to Sand hurst from the Spring Gully reservoir as an unblushing bribe to the electorate. The water is to be sold at the price of Id. per thousand gallons. If water can be profitably supplied at this rate, why are the people of Melbourne obliged to pay so much more for their water supply ? If it is to be supplied to Sandhurst at a loss, why should the entire colony be taxed for the benefit of the con stituency which the Minister in that contin gency corrnptly attempts to influence in his favour? Will the Minister be good enongh to relieve himself from the horns of this dilemma? I have an idea that this water job won't be carried on to completion after alL I have beard it whispered that the Borough Council of Sandhurst only wanted the work done at Government cost, in order that it might screw down the price of the Bendigo Waterworks Company's property, which the council wishes to buy. As the Spring Gully water is unfit for any use whatever, and as the trick hasn't had the intepded effect, the borough council wil, ere long, back ont of its bargain to pay even Id. per 1,000 gallons. Will the Minis terial journal at Sandhurst kindly make a note of this ior future reference ? For the first time for very many years, the settlers will commence their winter with abutfdant grass. It is carious to observe how the likeliest forecasts are thrown out hy actaal results. It was anticipated at the beginning of summer that from the unusual luxuriance of herbage, there would be alarm ing bush-fires. Now as a matter of fact there have been very few; the constantly re curring summer rains have overcome the danger. Some persons who have been of late craeily cornered by newspaper correspondents writing under nome de plume, when reduced to the lastBtraits have taken refuge in a demand that their accusers should disclose their identity. I can't see that this demand is one which of necessity should be conceded. A man who steps into the arena as a candidate for public support challenges criticism. He throws down bis glaive to the world. Now less aspiring members of the community, who have courted no publicity, may very fairly, within such reasonable bounds as judicious editorial super vision permits, exercise the privilege of criti cism. Should anything libellous appear, the publishers are responsible. It seems to me that a wooer of the sweet voices of the people might as weU affect to ignore the artillery of a leading article which raked him fere and aft and rednoed him to a sinking .condition because he didn't know the name of the contributor who wrote it. As well night he consider himself unhurt because the pasteboard of John Smith, artilleryman, did not accompany the shot which hie him just at the water-line. I am afraid that Sir. William Peterson is not quite so ingenuous as his letters assume. He calculates, I think, upon the forbearanoe of the Southern Insurance Company. He is pretty confident that they won't say- what they know. There fa a very simple method ky which Mr. Peterson can establish the position of innocence which he has assumed—let him publish oopies of the correspondence which passed between him self and the company. The case lies in a nut shell. Mr. Rargood, who is the brother-in-law of Mr. Peterson, wyites to ThtJLrgua thus :— ■' On the day when the insurance was effected I met Mr. Peterson, when ha mentioned the matter to toe, adding—* But I don't feel that In fairness I canhudtt upori the claim being paid, as it wall fridpht from the secretary's maiurer that be did notksmw anything of jthe probable lorn.' " Now these -scruples after the thing wis done show the tenderness cf ■ Mr,,; Petgraoob oonscienoe. * A. newspaper 'correspondent, hpwever, followsnp Mr.'Bar good V testimony srith a challenge to Mr. ftieiiOB "to'dtty U he dare that he oon r tlik«ttflJU>jpf«|wtiiab^ Ua mgwolmiced corre spondence wfththeSouthernInsurants Co.; a^^im^abpTereferred to." To this Mr, P. reapondsthathedoes "dare state that no 4aim wiser* toad* in oonnezioa with the ! ' Now, tf It bo toond * upon the imKHtoHpn U fee oorreqkmdenoe tbatMr, Poteison did not make a claim for fit jnenranim monfyL hit that hedidd*—**** tbepe^biKteifhl^ 'MWw'! imMim. Peteraoa puUUhMihe JettenwhichiPajmod between hlmaelf iot Ma fine and the :^^^partiou' 'tfara ^jtciUMaa, these are-ma *aietoMr. Petere6h, mBstmah' whose reputation I never before heard a single word. I was premature in congratulating the curator of intestate estates upon the acquisi tion of the effects of a lately deceased Col lingwood brewer. It is not, I believe, etiquette for the curator to oppose applica tions for probate, even if the persons who seek leave to administer have a bar sinister in their escutcheon. There is a romance about the concerns of the prosaic old Scotchman who didn't make a will. I have heard that one person who has a likely claim (he is a stepson of deceased) is punting pas sengers across a penny ferry on the Yarra, a few miles from Melbourne. I shouldn't wonder if there were some pertinent in quiries as to matrimonial dates when admin istration is sought of the estate of the old gen tleman, who, if hot so wise as Solomon, imitated that Iatitudinarian monarch in some other particulars. The moral magistracy who have been qua lifying Lorando Jones for a new chapter in Foxe.Book of the Martyrs, have overshot the mark. They have elevated a vulgar-minded' person into an injured hero. It Ib only a coarse mind which woutd insult the religious belief of any one. I don't think a properly constituted organism would obtrusively scoff at the ceremonies of the Joss-house. I think Mr. Lorando Jones might with propriety have had a month or two's enforced seclusion con ferred on him for indecent language in a public place, or for tensing an obstruction by collecting a crowd, but a conviction for bias phemy is just a little obsolete. There was a professed atheist who used to air his opinions in the public thoroughfares of Melbourne, but his evil speaking was kept hack by the unwil lingness and nnappredativeness of his au diences. I have with others turned away to avoid hearing much more revolting speeches than any of those of Lorando the Martyr. The combination of bnshranging and jour nalism practised by a gentleman of the press in Gipps Land ought to furnish some of the gentlemen who hold newspapers in contempt with some convenient sarcasm. That a Claude Duval should be discovered in a re porters' room is one of the most unlikely things that could be imagined. The energy of the reporter is indomitable, but he doesn't usually take notes with a revolver instead of a cedar pencil. I don't know whether Mr. C. E. Horsley derives great profit from his talents as a mu sician and composer. He may. perhaps, re verse tbe axiom which pronounces against honour in one's own country. However this may be, Mr. Horsley's works possess " vitality j in England." In The Choir, a London jour nal of music, I observe details of an opening service at All Saints' Church, Upper Norwood. Mr. Sims Beeves, the first of English tenors, gave his services, and at the close of the cele bration sang, " Lord, in yonth's eager years," from Horsley's " Gideon." Mr. Reeves is not less celebrated as a musician of exquisite taate than as a singer, and his selection of Mr. Horsley's composition should be grati fying to its author. There is a new euphuism for imprison ment A criminal, who before he was sentenced the other day for larceny was scru pulously anxious to convince tbe Chief Jus tice that be had been twice and not thrice before convicted, considered that one conviction shouldn't count for anything; it was, he said, only " a short arrangement of a month." A mere snack in anticipation. His Honour's "arrangements" upon last sentenc ing day were of the most liberal character. Amongst 13 prisoners he distributed with great impartiality 91 years' incarceration. Some of these pensioners of the Btate didn't seem to appreciate tbe future "arrange ments" made for their maintenance and oc cupation. I have heard it said, but do not endorse the suggestion, that His Honour's sen tences for offences against property were much heavier than those for personal offences, such as criminal assault. It seems a very easy matter to write 10 in telligible words in a telegram, but only bud nesrmen know how frequently messages are received which it is impossible to construe with confident certainty as to what the sender really means. I once Smew a smart director of a mining company, who was keenly on the watch for an expected result of the crashing of a company in which be was considerably interested. Be scarcely left the company s office for an entire day, and his patience was at last rewarded. The coveted message ar rived. and he and the manager only knew its contents, which he read thus—"300 tons crushed ; average, 7oz. 8dwt." He rushed headlong from the office, and scarcely drew breath until behad bought in the market 3,000 shares. Chuckling at bis own smartness, he re turned to tbemanager'soffice^wbenthelucklees telegram caught bis eye. Beading it more deliberately, he found that the average yield reported was "7dwt. or 8dwt." He held those 3,000 shares until tbe company was wound up. On Thursday last there was another example of misconstrued telegraphy. The owner of the winner of the principal rate at GeeloDg on that day telegraphed to a wall known restaurateur in Melbourne a message,, wbichthereceiver read thus—"The old horse has won. Have a nloodinner ready at eight Fifteen." The host made due preparation for the 16 gueata, and mentioned to several of hie friends that this was something like old pines. A little after eight the vender of .the m«sage arrived, and wgs ushered by the host himself into' the dinlngroom. where coven for the party were lwd. After a delay of,a few mrments, at no one die appeared, tbe in quiry was made, "Where are the guestsr Wbet gneMsT l expect no guests. Let me have ainBer uulcfc'V^'But look ** yohr telegram," saw the bewildered boat you ordered a dinner for fifteen. . Tog which the man of horseflesh ropU<&*' My dear fellow, it's yoururittfcke. I ordered dinner for my aelftobe rtedy at 8.15." I^hd^^bdtetioh novelties is fee can vesting card of a WUHamstown candi Wt Ntv Ibro paths* fanolee Mm* T^HeaWt quite a.ttmdidateUtobe of personal beauty, rabtpherdof [2e Venus 