I SOUTH AUSTRALIA. DESTBtJCTIVE BUSH-FHUSS AT MOUNT GAMBIEK. , k , (FEOM TBE BORDER WATCH. APRTt, LI '" ' i rertonstely, iti« veryseldoiatbifctb® dfe* trictusweptbglrash fires so «wa»»w«M,i tnd so derahcUve asthoae that <fovnstato& It. toertentfwlydn Tuesday last"■OiolnKwiJf.;; in addition to the very great heat—It being "»■ Mount Gambler 1308 in the snn, and 92 * m the ih&de;—there was & very strong hofcvrtnd, which drove the fiery dement with nwtreogth i «d * rapidity which rendered newt cues oat of the question.' The fire out earned ntat apprehension in Moant Gtmoisr I one that commenced in tpe i wi j■«_-ton. The win| wtsiot -.w—A not fail "to bring it cot"1 aponthefshnerB atGomptonDowfisbfefow^ l^clMeo£thed^y, unlfi88.it Teete4 | tteeaat This caused BeriMh"iJaTfli to "the' I mifaatifnthat quarter, and some of thorn •onjht MMtonoe in the: Mount ntan early war in the morning. Their, soUc£ witoa were iti some measure responded 1 .. kJf -a considerable number , of own I ™ted. m caae of on emergency, on the I opened side of the forma The Tew* enter *®re only too veU~gTOUtvded. Shortly after midday the fire which was several E?w uitdded the Ber^bttate, ahdJ lPB®ptely after seVeinltd "the farms. AU Efforts of the men coUectfcd to opposoitt' were unavailing; it entered the i, l0?,tae^S? I a wn^raMe, area of dost op to ihB ffj&tt-fts; telegraph poke on the Une qt the SMtrasuBSf TltpSiSffi Jiqnlte, 4% JOT Bpehr, &c;>, reduced to ashes; Mr. Tetz. in addition to the 'destruction of grass and fences, had a number of bags of wheat burnt, containing, we are 'informed, about 230 bushels. Mr. Greenberg had his fences and gTass burned. Mr. Edwards, of Mtt 'Lei, also had his house and other property destroyed, bat. under what circumstances we have not i learned. Mr. Spain, While burning stubble, hod' his fences burned, The most lamentable ' fire of all, however, occurred in the Hundred 1 of'Caroline. Commencing at a point a few miles northward of the farms in that hundred, : it speedily swept down on them in such vol «me as defied their efforts to resist it. Three 'fourths of the hundred were swept; the most1 fortunate of the settlers doing nothing mere 1 than saving their dwelling-houses. An im-! mense amount of property was destroyed, and' it-is'feared that a iaree number of families ; -are'utterly rained. The full extent of the' -damages we have not yet heard. The refieo-; •tion of the fires at night, Viewed from Mount! • Gambier, was a grand, sight, particularly that , > in'Caroline, which was very brilliant untiH After' midnight -Some of the > residents of l Mount Gatnbidr availed themselves of the s occasion to,.ascend the Mount and get a^ good view of the work of destruction. They ] •describe the country to the south, west, north, and north-east, as being like the lights - ■of a large city ; while in the south-east, in the ' (Hundred of CdrOline, the flames were still i raging in unsubdued vigour, Happily, before i 'Wednesday morning there was a good heavy : tfell of Tain, which put most of the fires out, 1 >and Tendered the grass too damp to bnrn next. •day. St is very providential that it did tain, ; otherwise incalculable mischief might have •resulted. We understand the police are 1 making inquiries, with a view of holding in quests on the fires, and bringing those guilty of illegally lighting them to justice. It is .hoped they -will be thoroughly successful. 