I!oijkuamp70N. AnrustH (From ihr L'ottrkr. 1 Mr Wiseman, the I'uljce Magistrate, has been suffering fir several davs from a severe attack of bronchitis. He is rattier better to-day but still dangerously ill. Svunkv. Aucnst IS. H.M S.S Ulanube has sailed fur Melbourne, and tint - ?oiinimil.il i; lias lu.ibtei his pennant on the ll-«arm. Mm.bovhnk, Aujjnst 12. Tbe Government have instructed their Asent (ieaeral in England, Mr VoHou, by this mad, to negotiate for tbe opening of ? ui*il finite tit tbe \- '»]* uf -J™*1 llnjie. Aor.LAinR, August 12. Large salts of wheat have linai tiuvlu at is 444. Wr. have to remind onr readers tbat Mr Uarlay'e lecture -m the 'Blarney Stone' will lie delivered at tbe Ksbflu! of Arts no i'ri4ay evening sett. Tup. arrangBtn«nt* for 'taking an *eeoant«f lira peoplt' having been tntnpleted, the distribation of forms will be tmniaenetd oa 8starday natfc. IJessM i. Hmttfog-loli and F. OinsmAr* are the «alleetni% lor the district of Toowoomba. ^-T^pCffis^farWs^»PM»4siwWte-M»ttsa in favor jg Itww ^twuwj ?* Bsoheyt . In* fe* teftirtie^a^tta t»ai of 4)t» poll. Ths rotenis from tiie oatods polling tlues m the last election wens as follow* i- Buasay, 48 ( Fechey, 14 ; Wien holt. 60. A foil return may be eipectad on Friday or Saturday evening next. Tnc usual quarterly sitting of tiie District Oonrt will be held at Toowooraba en Tuesday, the S9th instant The criminal calendar is more than usually light, the inly case being that of John Thornton, who stands charged with having, at War wick, on the SI«t July last, unlawfully assaulted andbeaten MrB. C, Parr. On the civil side the business will be limited to an appeal in the case Daisey e. Davenport, heard at the Petty Debt* Court, Toowoomba, on Thursday, the 3rd instant Wr are pleased to learn that the directors of the Sydney Insurance Company have settled tbe claim by the Bank of New South Wiles on the premises destroyed by fire at Stoney Pinch on the ICtb May last. No due has as yet been obtained to the in cendiaries. A movement is on foot having for its object the arrangement of a popular entertainment iu connec tion with St. Luke's Scbmils. A very considerable sum bis been expendiM in the repair of tlie eclionl house and teacher's residence, and the entertainment will be given iu aid of tlie 'repair fund.' Voluntary j assistance w ill be thankfully uckuowle.lgo.l by ihc revcrvnd incuinlwnt. The sittiu? of the Churuli of England Synod will be reumuud ut Brisbane on Weilncsitay, tlio 23rd instant We are requested to state tliat Mr \V. P. C. Wil son, Burgenii-Jeiit at, «iii arrive in i'oowoomba this (Wednesday) evening. At the Police Court, yi-st.-nlay morning, a publi can's license v.aa grunted to Mr Philip O'Mara for the Traveller.)' Hume, Uuthven-street. T. Ryan, chargcl with unmnittiiigun assault upon his wife, «as rruiandi'il tu I Vilay ; aud William Sladen, on suspicion -rf Ij' ing of u.isound mind, was remanded for seveu d:iys. On the arrival -if the Ipswich train at Toowoomba ou Saturday .tltcriiocin, considerable attention was directed tu a very fine lot of imported sheep which occupied uiiu of the trucks attached to the train. They were consigned to Mr Donald Gunn, of Pike dale, a gentleman who, for tbe last two or three years, hns generally taken the highest prices obtained for Queensland wools in the London markets, and who lias now invested some £i 100 or £1200 in the purchase of the best merino stock to be obtained in Germany. The sheep, eighteen in number, were brought out iu tlie ship Christians Thompson, which arrived iu Sydney a few weeks ago, eud their con dition reflects the highest credit upon the parties in charge. Thk pen of prize oxen shown by Messrs Gore and Co. at tbe Agricultural Exhibition were purchased by Messrs J. aud C. Campbell of this towu, and ex hibited at their establishment iu Huthven-street on Saturday evening last. Tbe exhibition attracted a great deal of attention, and it was generally admitted that the cattle would have been awarded a high position iu any of the English ebows. Many of our readers will be pleased to learn that tlie man charged with committing a murderous assault upon one of the warders at Parramstta Gaol is nat Kir Kennedy, formerly of Queensland, as stated in nur telegraphic correspondence of Saturday last. The particulars o{ the unfortunate affair will be found in another column. Tub attention of tbo Ron the Minister for Works has been directed to the manner in which members of roadtrustsIiaveassociatedthemselveB with or inte rested in contracts taken under their respective boards. It has been intimated to us that on proof of any trustee being associated n ith tbe contractor fur works carried out under the direction of these boards tbe '* agreements will be cancelled immedi ately.' Among tbe ' distinguished arrivals' announced iu Saturday's Courier we observe the names of His Excellency the Marquisof Norm &uhy;, Mr A. Trollope, Chang (the Chinese giant), aud Kin Foo, a lady of Japan and 'a child of the great Tycoon.' A rumor (says the Courier) is being industriously circulated by some of the Ministerial supporters who have been recently elected, to the effect that Mr I'ring will be the Ministerial candidate for the Speakership of the new Assembly. What amount of truth, if auy, there is in tbe rumor we are unable to state. Mb Commissioner Noel has decided that the settlement made by a Victorian squatter named Dallymoro of £30,000 on his wife, prior to his insol vency, ib illegal. The Adelaide police have received information from the Hacks that a large mob of cattle is about 180 miles beyond Lake Hope. It is supposed to be one of the miBsing droves from Carpentaria. At Ua veu wood, on the 20th ultimo, a man named John Adams was knocked down and trampled to death whilst returning from the races by a couple of ' flash horsemen.' We (Daily Herald) learn that 11,000 fat sheep passed by Taroom on the 8th inst., bound for the southern markets. They am iu charge of Mr H. P. Dun, who states that the roads about Taroom are in a very bad condition for bath grass and water. A flock of 4000 sheep passed through Oalby on Monday ; they are from Mr B'scoe's Waroonga sta tion, Mnranoa, aud are en route fur the neat pre serving establishment at Westbrook. Akothcr supporter of railway extension has fallen from the ranks of the Brisbane brotherhood during the hist fortnight. The following extract from a letter written by Mr Handy to an elector of the Mitchell appeared in the itockkamptm Bvtktin o^Tbarsday last :— ' Should I be again returned, f pledge myself to urge the immediate extension of the Northern line, and to oppote both tfie tpiakh and Roma tztentiunt for some yean. I feel that with your inAneuce I will succeed, . but without it I feel that Morchead will beat me.'.' Further eom meut appears to our mind ' quite unnecessary.' CoKBiDEKABie apprehension is being occasioned to those paetoralists who have not provided them selves with paddocks in consequence of theomtinaed dry weather sod tbe prospect of an immediate Scar city of grass. The Daiby Herald of the 12th inst. says : — There hat been ao rain in this district of any moment for five months, and in the sandy country to the west and north feed is rapidly disappearing. Bush-fires have again broken out in some places, and are occasioning great destruction, burning the grass by the square miles. - Bow they originate is a mys tery, Itut they must result, it is conjectured, from gross carelessness in the use of lire, tn the neigh borhood of tiie town there is absolutely no grass, and the water is becoming scarce and the weeks bogey. Tie town stock, both bones and cattle, is perisning, and the only hope of avoiding a general decimation lies in the probability of copious rains before the spring sets in. Somb few weeks agojsays tlie TVnterfeM «or), as the owner of a station near Warwick was cross ing a oreek on Us mm, ho found a «UMf*sr of amaU stones thought to be diamonds. When taken to tbe Warwick bank tt«y «?»*? pronomMsd to fee such, and on being forwarded to Brisbane a wmilar ua*-* was teamed. They weri i then jeot to 8yd ney, bat there their Aaracter changed, and they were said to be valuable stones, but not duunonds. the value plaoed upon than we have not aaoer tamed, but on* thing w» ?*? Msared rf. there are largevuntitiesoUhaajiD. kind ft atones to be efafiinod what* tyfr^^aswwed. Xft are not at liberty to imstttli Ihttamecf the finder, them un#wmm -I 