CAPE OF GOOD HOPE. TOTAL WRECK OF THE QUEEN OF THE THAMES. ' The Argus gives the following account as compiled from the statements of passengers of the wreck of the above ill-fated ship which left Melbourne on February 18 : — The run across from Australia was most favourable, and the passengers were looking forward to a still more pleasurable month after they had passed the Cape. Thir first idea, we believe, was to go right on for St. Helena ; but the coals they had on board were such as to recommend a visit to Table Bay, which the passengers anticipated with delight, as it would give them a couple of days on shore, including a run- to Constantia and all the other lions about Cape Town. The first land was made on Thursday, the 16th March, and from the descriptions we have heard of it, it must have been the Cockscomb Mountain, inland from St. Francis Bay. At noon, on Friday, they were in longitude 21-38 east, — that is to say, abreast of the Gouritz Eiver, some distance on this side of Mossel Bay. Agulhas' is in long, 20, or a distance of a little more than a hundred miles to the westward. They had a head- wind to contend with, and the speed could not have been more than about seven knots an hour. At 8 p.m., on Friday night, a light was seen on shore, which, we imagine, the captain must have supposed to be the Agulhas lighthouse, but which the passengers declared distinctly to have been only a bush fire with a halo of smoke around it. Later in the night, at half -past eleven, the land ap peared distinctly on the starboard bow,. and at half-past one the vessel struck, steering about a north-west course, right on the beach to the eastward of Struys Bay, — the captain apparently being under the impression that he had passed L' Agulhas, and was forging on ahead towards False Bay, and, indeed,' within a few hours of Simon's Bay. The shock of the vessel striking, and bumping, and grind ing amid the breakers of course roused all the passengers. The ladies and children all got up and dressed, awaiting the unknown perils impending over them. The equanimity among them was wonderful, and the officers oftlie ship were equally prompt and ready, awaiting the break' of daylight. The boats were all clear on the davits, and water and provisions supplied to them, as it was quite uncertain where the vessel had struck or what further hazards they might have to encounter. The dark, dreary interval of four hours of course passed heavily. At last the daylight broke ; the boats were lowered, and the passengers were landed without a single mishap. This occupied the time until eight o'clock, nothing could be more' brave and noble than the conduct of the crew through out the perilous venture — the vessel all the time being some mile or half mile from the shore. During the day the luggage was being worked ashore; and in tlie af ternoon the only fatal accident occurred. A boat upset in the surf about- one o'clock p.m., by which three persons were drowned, and later in the day, just before sunset, the boat sent to bring off those re maining on board, viz. : The first officer Mr. Eowe, of whom every oiie speaks in the highest terms, and Mr, - Miller,- the chief engineer, and Mr. Cox, the purser, who, with other subordinate officers, were still on board. They signalised to the shore for as sistance. The nrst attempt to relieve them was abortive, the boat being drifted far to I leeward, a number of volunteers came for ward and carried the boat to windward, and at last she was able to fetch the vessel. Mr. Cox, the purser, was still unwilling to leave the ship ; but his brother officers pointed out that in the circumstances it was duty to do so, and he did. On the return trip of the boat a heavy sea was running, the little craft was pitched bow under, apparently right upon the sand, while her stern was slewed round, and the result was that poor Mr. Cox was drowned. Every passenger that we have met with speaks of Mr. Cox in the most respectful and affectionate terms. He was a thorough favourite during the voyage with everybody. If any little business had to be arranged on board, he was the man to do it at once, and in the most simple and agreeable fashion. Mr. Eowe, the chief officer, and Mr. Miller, the chief engineer, are spoken of by the passengers in the same appreciative and grateful terms. After the wreck, of course, they had to make the best of their way to Bredasdorp,— some three or four hours distant. From this point the passengers speak in the most favour able terms of Mr. Moore, the representative of the Company, who has dealt with all of them in the most handsome manner, and Mr. Dan vers, the agent or representative of the firm of Barry and Nephews. Their journey from Bredasdorp and through Caledon. to Cape Town was made as comfortable as possible. We are sorry to think that pur Australian cousins were not favourably impressed with the aspect of the country. Some of them were profane enough to say that if this be the Cape, ' give us an acre of Australia in prefe rence to a hundred acres of South Africa !' They saw it, however, under the most unfa vourable circumstances — after the drought of summer and after the harvest had been gathered in. Caledon, in reality, is one of the richest and most productive districts to be met with anywhere. 