MURRURUNDI. . i must apologize tor not giving you any news-- items before ; the fact is, I wished to get the opinion of as many subscribers as possible before I said anything. All agree in thinking the Irish Citizen will have a large circulation and long life, being exactly the sort of paper re quired ; and I have no doubt, from its many excellencies in matter , print, &c.;, that it will eclipse anything of the sort ever before started in this hemisphere. So far, all subscribers are- well pleased. The weather is very warm indeed, and has ' been so for some days, with occasional thunder storms and showers, and bush-fires all round. The wheat harvest is prolific, and nearly all in barn. The wool teams still come, but it is: now nearly all down. The railway station-house and goods-shed progressing favorably. The railway expected to be finished to Murrurundi shortly ; in fact, the whistle of the ballast engine can be heard here now. Business is brisk, eveiy- thing looks well, several new business buildings going to meet increased trade expected on arrival of the train. Mr. Harpur, mining engineer, formerly of" Newcastle, but now about three years in this district, reports most favorably of the kerosene shale found by him close to Murrurundi. It is equal, if not superior, to any yet found in the colony. The mine is now open for work, and.it will be ready to send to market when the line opens to Murrurundi. There is no coal found within miles of the kerosene shale. Yet Mr. H. has found several valuable seams of coal, besides any amount of iron and othor stones in the dis trict. The Houlfgout's silver mine is now, I believe, at a standstill for a time. The medical gentlemen, too, complain of the-' abominable healthy state of the district. Grass and Cattle. — On Monday last (says the Hat hurst Times) the two cattle- yards were occupied with cattle pronounced to be the finest that have come to market for the past eighteen- months. What makes the fact remarkable is that the condition of the cattle is the successful result of an experiment entered upon by Mr. J. N. Gilmour. Some time since that gentleman- determined to lay down several paddocks, at Bathampton, in English grasses for the purpose of fattening cattle, and carried out his purpose regardless of expense, as will be very readily admitted when we state that one enclosure of ten acres alone cost £400. All sorts of grasses were . sown in these paddocks and the result has been the production of a magnificent pasture, in which have been reared the cattle that have formed the subject of these remarks. We have only to add that the cattle realized exceptionally high prices. Polynesian Labor. — The Wide Hay News- of Saturday, 16th instant, commenting on the question then to be put to the Colonial Secretary by Dr. O'Doherty, with reference to the South Sea Islanders kidnapped by the man Coath, says . — " We fear very much that a sad answer would be forthcoming to Dr. O'Doherty's question, if the actual facts could be ascertained. A fearful mortality prevailed a short time ago among the Polynesians on the river, forty-four or forty-five of them having died a few months ago. As these' men, according to the report of eye-witnesses,. ' sulked' and gradually pined away, it is to be- feared that the men stolen by Coath are among those who will never see their native islands again. While on this subject, we should like to- see some member ask the Government for all papers connected with this mortality. We . should particularly like to know — 1st, whetlxer- the men who died had been imported in the Jason ? — 2nd, whether proper certificates of the cause of death were in all cases furnished to the- proper authorities 1 — 3rd, whether any official investigation into this sudden and unprece dented mortality was ever held, and, if so, with what result ? It is high time that these- ques tions should be asked and. answered, not that we wish to be supposed to impute to the planters that they neglected their Kanakas. On the contraiy, we fully believe that whatever means might have been used to obtain the islanders, they were well treated on the river. We are not so sure, however, that the officials did their duty in the matter ; and at the time, with the Jason- scandal just exciting public attention, it would certainly not have looked well for an official re port to have been published, stating that the Kanakas died of incurable pining or home-sick ness. in spite -of all the aetention their masters could bestow on them." Silk.— The indefatigable Mr. Brady has brought to our office two fronds of silk which his experience justifies him in considering superior to anything he has yet produced, and which is in the highest degree encouraging, as showing what the Australian climate and soil are capable of.- Both samples are from Italian stock — one being the Lombardy white, and the other the Milanese buff; but the latter having been improved by careful selection at Curl Curl, is the choicer - specimen of the two, and is worth here about 43s. a pound. Mr. Brady has wound the silk by a machine imported from Italy, in order - . to show a sample, but, as is well known, he re commends growers here to desiccate the cocoons- and ship them in that state.. — Herald. 