ARRIVAL OF THE CALIFORNIAN MAIL. EUROPEAN NEWS to AUGUST 16. The s.s. Nebraska, from San Francisco, brings news to August 16. The British Government have been made the subject of parliamentary attacks for abnsing the Royal prerogative on the Army Purchase question. Disturbances have occurred at Strasburg between the citizens and the German troops. Many were killed on both sides. It is stated that the disagreements between the Governments of France and Germany, on the Frankfort peace negotiations, are likely to lead to difficulties. A case of Asiatic cholera has appeared in London. Russia is arming extensively, and has formed an alliance with France against Germany and Austria. Sir Roundell Palmer has been appointed Counsel, and Earl Russell arbitrator on the Alabama claims. The occupation of France by German troops will shortly cease. Queen Victoria is ill. London, August 16. Advices from Paris say that the city is ex- cited, and the situation threatening. Trouble is apprehended from various sources. There are rumors that the army is on the point of revolting against the Versailli6t Assembly, and will declaie M'Mahon Regent, and demand the restoration of the Empire. There is a regular stampede of the inhabi- tants from Paris. Some believe that the Or- leanist conspiracy is ripe for a coup d'etat, and that the crisis is approaching. The Czar has. informed the Minister of War- Le Flo, that no treaty-exists between Russia and Germany. Difficulties have arisen with Berlin relative to the evacuation of the four departments. New York, August 16. The Eastern Question in China may involve war between the Western Nations and China, from which our Government cannot escape. London advices report three fatal cases of cholera on board steamers from Cronstadt to Hull ; but the authorities were taking every possible means to prevent in introduction in England. Two fatal cases have also happened in Paris. A London despatch says that Prince Bis mark has commenced . a vigorous campaign against the Papacy, and by way of a first blow declares that he regards the ultramontane policy of the Church as hostile to the State. \- The other news is unimportant. We are in a position to state, of our own knowledge, that Mr. Rosenthal has .accom plished several most satisfactory cures of deafness since his arrival in Maryborough. He would thus appear to fully justify the en comiums which have been bestowed on him by the Press throughout Australia. The schooner 'Ann' left on Saturday for Melbourne with a large cargo of squared log cedar of unusual dimensions. We are told .that there is still a fair quantity of similar cedar in the scrubs and gullies of the Upper Mary, and it is to be hoped that the present consignment will Jbe the means of opening up a large trade. The Rev. E. Fuller, after a brief visit to Maryborough, set out yesterday on his return to the Mission station on Fraser's Island. He expresses himself sanguine of being able to do the aborigines much moral and spiritual good. The chief obstacle to be encountered, so far, lies in their roving and unsettled habits. He has, apparently, little difficulty in teaching them to read, as they master written symbols in a remarkably short time. Several of them can read the New Testament and repeat hymns. They also devoutly join in public worship. Mr. Fnller is still in search of a more eligible site for an agricultural mission station. Fatal Accident. — On Sunday afternoon last, Teresa, daughter of Mr. Pincher, of this town, carrier, a little girl, seven years of age, was in the yard feeding the poultry, when one of the horses came up and commenced to pick up the corn. The child attempted to drive the horse away, and at length began to throw stones at it for this purpose, when the brute turned upon her and kicked her in the abdomen The poor girl was promptly conveyed to a bed, and Dr. Palmer sent for, but she merely lingered on for twelve hours in much suffering and then died. This was the second sad bereave ment sustained by Mr. Pincher within twenty four hours. Early on the .same morning the parents lost their infant -child. An unusually large concourse of people attended the double funeral, which took ? place yesterday after noon, to testify to their sympathy with the bereaved family. In our notice, last week, of the opening of the new lodge of freemasons — the Star of the East — we styled Mr. J. Dowzer a brother. We have since learned that Mr. Dowzer is not a member of the fraternity, and that the only part he had in the proceedings was the kindly lending of the loom for the lodge meeting. ' We have been requested to state that the deputation of the German Reform Society which presented an address to his Excellency at the levee, consisted of |Messrs. Harders, Krebs, Gultzow, Schrceder, and Lebeil. A banquet to celebrate the inauguration of the new Masonic Lodge, ' Star of the Eastt,'' was given at the Royal Hotel yesterday even ing. The number of guests was about'*30, the viands recherchd and abundant, the conversa tion sparkling and pleasant, and the affair altogether as agreeable as Masonic gathering8 are wont to be. A correspondent on the Upper Mary fur nishes the following items of intelligence : — At Myrtle Grove and Iindah the cane crushing is being carried on much more rapidly than last season. On both plantations the sugars, so far, are of better quality than previously. At the latter place there have been two brief stoppages through accidents to machinery. The newly-arrived Danes are very unwilling to settle to work. A number were engaged by the ewner of Myrtle Grove Factory, but about half of them are said to have cleared out ; whilst on a farm near, those who arrived on the Friday night ran away on the Sunday fol lowing. The density of cane juice is 9' at present. As the warm weather has set in, it is not iikely that the density will be lower, even should we have plenty of rain. On one of the roads in course of formation, many of the stumps, instead of being giubbed out, are care fully covered up with loose soil. This is very dangerous, as anyone riding may at any mo ment splinter his horse's foot. This has al ready happened to one or two travellers. Is there no inspector of roads 1 The ratepayers are reminded that the nomi nation of an alderman for East Ward, in the room of Mr. Todd, who has resigned, will take place at . the Council Chambers on Thursday next. Whatever may be the aspect of the sky in other districts, it -is certain that in this neigh borhood it is a subject for unmixed. congratu- lation. There have been drizzling showers at intervals from Sunday evening up to the present time, and present appearances indicate a continuance of moist genial weatner. There are, of course, plenty of discontented people to whom the present rain is not heavy or abun dant enough, and it is doubtless tantalising to see the heavy clouds scudding overhead and dropping so little of their fatness as they flee past. But there can be little doubt that a rather sparing rainfall at the commencement, provided it continue, is far more beneficial to the country, suffering as it is from the disas trous effects of combined frost and drought, than wonld be a more copious discharge. The resulting green feed will be less watery, the recovery of the exhausted cattle will keep pace with its growth, and the cultivated lands will imbibe the moisture more freely and deeply than they would the sadden deluge of a thunderstorm. The Gladstone Observer notices that in the j tenders invited for the mail service next year by the Postmaster-General, that the Bervice to : aiid from Cania is made without the extra journey to Dalgangal. The same paper urges the dividing of the overland mail between Maryborough and Gladstone into two services* in which we heartily join. Toowoomba will shortly become possessed of a hew attraction. We learn from the D. D. Gazette that Messrs. Taylor and Groom are no longer to enjoy a monopoly of greatness ; Chang, the Chinese giant, having signified his conviction that the ' climate was very bracing to men of his stature, and that immediately he had completed his engagements below he in tended to come up and open a store in Too woomba.' Of the origin of the name of Roekhampton, the Bulletin, in a notice of the late Mr. Wise man, has the following record, which may be interesting : —In March, 1855, he was appointed by the New South Wales Government Commis sioner of Crown Lands for the Leichhardt dis trict — the appointment being gazetted on the same day as that of Dr. Robertson, as resident surgeon for Port Curtis. Mr. Wiseman was on intimate terms of friendship with the late Mr. Charles Archer, in conjunction with whom he made choice of the site of the present town of Roekhampton, shortly before the' great Canoona rush took place. ? The site was considered an eligible one, being at the head of navigation, and though low lying, apparently well secured from floods, both on account of the lowness of the bank on the opposite side of the Fitzroy, and the vent afforded for the overflowing waters of the river at the back of Athelstane Range *in times of heavy floods. Mr. Wise man first proposed to call the new township Charleston, in honor of his friend Mr. Charles Archer ; the latter, however, objecting to such distinction, Mr. Wiseman next suggested Pal merton, in compliment to Mr. John Palmer, the Pioneer storekeeper of the township. But that gentleman was not more desirous of being immortalised in the manner proposed than Mr. Archer ; and Mr. Wiseman afterwards, decided to take the name from the geographical fea tures of the locality — ' Rock ' — from the bar of rocks crossing the river ; and ' ham ' the old English word for a flat situated near a river. The name Roekhampton, therefore, signifies the town on the ham near the rocks. A correspondent of the Courier, writing from Dalby on the 6th instant, gives a harrow ing picture of the effects of the drought there. He says that '* one man last week lost between 30 and 40 head of cattle ; this must be multi plied greatly, and then only a partial idea can be formed about the calamity which if not soon removed, threatens to ruin many. The water also is fast disappearing everywhere. Special services were held on Sunday, in all the churches, to supplicate aid from above in this which may be truly called a national trouble. Mount Perry.— The proprietors of Mount Perry Copper Mine were bora under a lucky star, for no sooner isa near cut to Maryborough found than a nearer is found to Bundaberg ; and now an old Kolan River resident, named John Craig, offers to open up a road and con vey a load to and from Baffle Creek for £50, the road not to exceed fifty miles. This offer Craig has made to the Manager ; and we know that Craig lived some years on the Kolonga Run. He says the road he proposes runs be tween Kolonga and Monduran, and is good in all weathers. — Gladstone Observer. another case or drowning in a water-nole occurred on Saturday afternoon, the victim on this occasion being a little fellow named George Gilbert, aged 7 years, a son of Mr. Gil bert, drayman, Kedron Brook. The child was playing with some other children near the fatal hole, which is close to his father's residence, and venturing too near he fell in. HiB com panions at once gave the alarm, and the boy's father and several other persons ran to the f-pot and pulled him out, but it was found he was quite dead. — Courier. It is notified by advertisement in another column that witnesses making declarations as to the fulfilment of conditions on selections by lease under the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1868, are not justified in so doing unless per sonal inspection has brought the facts within their own knowledge. Persons mating de clarations are reminded that they do so subject to the provisions of the ' Oaths Act of 1868.' This is a hint to the dummies. — D. D. Gazette. The Ravenswood Miner Teports the first find of silver ore . which has been heard of in the North. It states that a very valuable silver mine is said to have been discovered some ten miles from Ravenswood. The reef or lode is said to be three feet thick, and can be traced for 400 yards. A writer in, the D. J). Gazette , whose earnest, plain, style argues him truthful, gives some striking instances of the - hardships to which squatters and others are continually ex posed at the hands of the Sydney mortgagees: — Not a hundred miles from Toowoomba, he says, a gentleman was engaged in a very ex tensive business. A Sydney firm telegraphed to him that he was to pay them £10,000 in forty-eight hours, or they would sell him off. the gentleman ' hurried down to Sydney. He found that the firm had put the matter in the hands of a gentleman utterly unknown to the debtor. When the latter called on this execu tive gentleman and showed the monstrous na ture of the affair (he having bad for many years extensive transactions with the firm, and all of them satisfactory), he was coolly told by the executioner — 'I have been selected, a* being a hard, man , to compel immediate, realis ation;- yon shall be sold off at once if*you don't pay up.' The debtor allowed himself to be sold off ; being an honest man, a portion of his goods realised in a few weeks more than the £10,000, and he is now a flourish ing and unindebted member of society. One more instance : — Two brothers took up a run in a far remote district. They commenced with 10,000 sheep, and nothing could exceed the industry, skill- and attention of these men. One unlucky season of drought prevented an increase of stock. The Sydney usurer pounced upon them, and sold their sheep for five shillings a-head, which had cost them fiveand tweuty. Another case : — Two gentlemen, who are now leading men of the North, borrowed £2000 from a Sydney firm, the security being a magnificent run on the Warrego, with 40,000 sheep. I happened to see a Sydney paper con taining an advertisement stating that this glorious run was to be sold- on a certain near day. Horror struck, I sent off a courier to my friends the runholders, one of whom had to ride night and day to Brisbane, from which, place he was enabled by telegraph to 6top the sale. Owing to the high rate of freight charged by the railway authorities on goods passing between Ipswich and Oakey Creek, Mr. Beit has been compelled to suspend operations at the Hogarth Meat-preserving Establishment. It will be unnecessary for us to refer to the number of hands that will be deprived of em ployment by the closing of this establishment, but we understand from excellent authority that the profits derived from the business will not admit of so large an outlay for freight as is demanded by the Commissioner for Railways. — D. D. Gazette. A Frightful catastrophe, the result, it is believed, of the bursting of a waterspout, is described as follows in the Cape Toron Stan dard and Mail. The testimony is that of Mr. Franz Hugo, one of the sufferers : — In conse quence of hearing a loud crash or burst of noise he hastened outside, and by the gleam of a flash of lightning saw that his stable and waggon-house had been swept away. He rushed into the house to fetch his wife and j children to try to save them, and the waters came by and around so suddenly and with such ' a tremendous rush that he was afraid for their lives. So he took a child, his wife took another, and a Kaffir took a third, but his wife went back into the dwelling to fetch the remaining one. At the moment she entered the house gave way and fell, and the water washed her out. Mr. Franz Hugo thrust forth his hand and caught her. They were carried down a go«d distance together, but the great strength of the stream bore her away from him. How he was saved is a mystery to himself, but when he recovered he found himself On the side of a hill, his little boy of about seven or eight years being with him. The river of the village, which only runs when there are heavy rains, was estimated to have a depth of water of 40 feet, and the force was so great that it carried everything before it. A building containing 'twenty- seven colored . people was swept down the village, and by a miracle two ont of that number escaped. Leah, a nursemaid, was sleeping on the floor in Mrs. Armstrong's room in her usual position that is, with both hands upraised over her head, holding -the pillow on which it rested. The next morning her body was found about three miles down- the river, the pillow under her head, and her bands holding it- just as she was lying in the room. Although the com mittee appointed to inquire es to the number of persons missing from the village report only 45 as deficient, 83 bodies have been buried.' It is supposed that persons not con nected with the village — farmers coming in that evening, or parties returning from the i diamond fields — must have been overtaken by the rush of the river, and have fallen victims ; to its force. Besides the loss of life, the de struction to property has been very disastrous. A memorial to the Government has been agreed upon, asking them to grant 100 convicts to assist in .lepairing the river, and making good other public damages. The Ministry from time to time make loud professions of observing the' excellent rule of not expending money without Parliamentary sanction. But they spoil the effect by only acting upon it when it is convenient or agreea ble to them. A number of instances in p:oof of thi6 might be given, but two are sufficient. Mr. Daintree was 6et to work to collect speci mens to represent the colony in the Interna tional iiiXhibition before such an expenditure was sanctioned by Parliament. Of course the sanction was obtained as soon as asked — and very properly so. Parliament voted a hundred pounds for the purpose of forming the nucleus of a museum ; the money has been expended, and now, for the sake of a few extra pounds to carry on until the House meets, we under stand it is to be closed. Mr. Aplin has ar ranged the specimens, and now they are to be locked up and no further use made of them This is certainly a most original mode of ex hibiting the mineral resources of the co lony. Mr. Aplin leaves for Maryborough on Tuesday next, and unless the Ministry change their minds — which is not at all likely — his labors and the hundred pounds have been practically thrown away. An extravagant ex penditure, even ou so important a work, with out the sanation of the Legislative Assembly, would not be well ; but there is not the least doubt tnat a large majority, if not the whole of the members, would sanction and highly approve of a small additional outlay in order to render the specimens already collected availa ble for the purpose they were intended — Courier. In connection with the great Tichborne case, that creates such excitement in England, a correspondent of the Wagga Wagga Adver tiser expresses the most unmitigated disgust at the persistency exhibited by the London Daily Teleyraph in calling Wagga Wagga — Quagga Quagga.' What (says the correspon dent^ is the meaning of the word Quagga? Any school boy will tell you, a wild ass, and as Wagga Wagga means a 'city of crows,' so Quagga Quagga means a ' city of wild asses.' ' Our own correspondent' of the Pastoral Times states that a very rich copper mine has been discovered about sixty-five miles north west of Wilcaunia, on the Darling River. The writer declares that 'practical and experi enced mining authorities who have seen it are surprised at the extent and richness of the ore cropping out of the surface on the course of the lode, for more than a mile in length and ; from twenty to fifty feet in width.' If this I 6tory be only partly true, it will give a great j stir to settlement and business on the Lower Darling, and may have no small effect on the southern part of the Warrego district of Queens land. The Indian Vagrancy Act. — The Cal cutta Englishman of July 29, reports ; — ' At the meeting of the Vice-regal Council, at Simla, on the 18th instant, Mr. Stephen introduced a bill to amend the European Vagrancy Act, so as to render consignees liable for the deporta tion of men sent up in chaige of horses from Australia.' We (Ipsitick Observer ) are Borry to report an accident, which resulted in the death of a German named Lewie, at Hitchins' coal-mine at Sandy Creek yesterday evening. It appears that while working in one of the shafts an enormous quantity of earth fell from the top and crushed the poor man at the bottom. In a few minutes, owing to the great exertions of the man on top, he was dug out alive, but died in about an hour afterwards from the injuries j received. We understand that Mr. Hitchins ; himself was only a minute or two out of the ? shaft, , It is not generally known that there is an ' extensive annual export to Great Britain from Victoria, of tree-ferns from the neighborhood of Ballarat' and Melbourne — the Dicksonia Antarctica of Bullarook, and the Alsophila Australis of Dandenong. The trunks and roots of these are dried and packed in a peculiar way, and transmitted to the principal nurserymen in the neighborhood of London. They are in large demand for the ornamenta tion of conservatories and other sheltered places in the gardens of the wealthy. We be lieve that in the extreme south of England and Ireland the tree-fern succeeds in the open air. — Argut. * An extraordinary instance of infantine pre cocity and determination has been related to' the South Australian Advertiser. A boy, two years and eight months old, who is motherless, and whose father is in the South Seas, resides with his grandfather in Adelaide^ and has fre quently asked his guardian to take him to see a former nnrse, to whom he is»much attached, at Bowden. The grandfather has often pro mised to comply with his request, but procras tinated so long that the little fellow, wearied ? of repeated delays, on Saturday last acted on his own responsibility, and walking from Run die- street, took his seat in the Port train. When a 6top was made at Bowden the child kicked energetically at the door -of the carri age, and on the guard asking him what was the matter, he replied that he wanted to be let out, and explained his errand. An amusing discussion followed, and resulted in the official declining to. allow so young a passenger to leave the train unattended. Two ladies, in the same carriage, bound for Port Adelaide, ad miring the manly bearing, and entertained by the quaint sayings of the boy, took charge of him, and on their return to the city restored the truant to his friends, who in their anxiety had employed a number of men to search for him all over the town. Th E Northern Argus says : — We learn from one of our townsmen who returned by the Tinonee, on Friday, from a trip northwardsr that the country round Mackay is looking beautifully green, the grass being in many places two and three feet high, while the horses and cattle are rolling fat. Townsville and Broadsound do not cut a much more respect' able appearance than Roekhampton, and rain is sadly wanted. We also learn that on the other side of the Berserker Ranges, along the whole of the coast line, feed is plentiful and garden crops abundant. Rain has fallen smartly in several districts around Rockhamp tonj but shunned the town and its immediate neighborhood, but we notice that the grass is beginning to spring, the heavy dews awaken ing it up out of its. long sleep. We hear many complaints of the almost total absence of feed: along the various lines of roads, although th& water is, in many places, far from being exhausted. On the North Side several 'of the creeks are running, and here and there deep holes, in those which are perfectly -ticrj in- the shallower parts, have still two or, three; feet of water in them.- One or two heavy- showers would be sufficient to start vegetation, as the ground was so thoroughly saturated last year that the sun has not sucked it dry.' A case of some importance to holders of land orders was tried on Tuesday last, in Banco, before their Honors the Judges of the Supreme Court. The case was .gone into under the designation of Pears v. Coxen. 'Mr. Lilley, Q.C, and Mr. Griffith, instructed by Mr,. Murphy, appeared for the plaintiff ; Mr. Pring, instructed by Messrs. Little and Browne, for the defendant- The facts (as stated in the Colonist's- report- were thai on the arrival of the plaintiff in the colony he received a £30' non-transferable land order, nnder the provi sions of the Immigration Act of 1864, dated' December 16, 1868. He had resided in the colony up to the time of the commencement of the action — a period of more than two years ? and on the 27th of June- last he made a declar ation accordingly; Oh the 16th instant the= plaintiff, by his agent, made -application for 1 certain agricultural land in the parish of Can Liag which had bfeen submitted^to auction, and not being sold was then - open to selection.. The plaintiff's land order was tendered in pay ment of the full price of 'the land, which amounted to £30, and the deed and survey fees were tendered in cash. The defendant, received the latter, amounting to £4 8, but re fused the land order, on the gronnd that more than two years had elapsed since it was issued;, and hence the present proceedings. The ques tions submitted were-^i) Whether, without havingregard to certain notifications, the said land order was at the time when it- was ten dered to the defendant, available for the pur* chase of land within the colony (2) Whether having regard to* the said notifications, the land order was so available at the time referred to. Messrs. Lilley and Pring having respec tively stated their arguments in favor of their clients, their Honors delivered judgment for the defendant. In doing so, both judges ex pressly stated that the case rested solely on a determination of the first question submitted to them. His Honor the Chief Justice said,. ' With regard to the second point, all he could say was that whatever might be the effect o£' the notifications referred to they could have no effect whatever on the land order, which could only be affected by regulations made or pro claimed under the 1 24th section of the Land Act of 1868.' And, referring to certain de partmental notices issued at various dates, and affecting the currency and value of land'orders already issued by the Government, his Honor Baid ' it would be hard for any subject of this colony to have to decide for himself whether such a notice as that in - question, which was merely a statement that such an order had been made, was to guide his conduct or deter mine his responsibility. Again, it would be equally hard for the Judges of the Court to decide what the law was when that which came before them -was a mere recital of laW, the accuracy of which might depend on the degree of attention with wMch the public officer or Minister signing the notice perused it, the intelligence of the clerk who compared it, or the ability of the person who abstracted it. There were so many grounds, both public and private, on which the evidence offered in this shape was irregular, that he thought they ought to pay no attention whatever to it.' In a regard to this feature of the case, Mr. Justice Lutwyche said :— 'He was of opinion that the departmental notices were simply office regula- 1 tions, not binding on the Government as a whole, not binding on the officer who made them, and not binding on his successor. With respect to the other point, which depended on the construction of the sections of the Immigra tion Act, it was a well-known rule that they should give a literal interpretation to the words of the statute unless such interpretation would be manifestly absurd, inconvenient or unjust - and he did not think any such result would follow from a literal interpretation of them. Neither the 6 th section nor the 4th schedule eoi/1 anv4.1i{nrt nf -i - ? i ? * uH,,« — uwwtwcuwu ul wunnuaL residence. They, simply said that the title deeds should not issue until after two years' | continual residence, which might be shown either by a declaration or by other evidence satisfactory to the Government. It would be quite sufficient, in order to carry out the whole of the Act, to hold that -the application for a deed of^ grant should be accompanied by a declaration of residence, and to hold in accord ance with the words of the proviso that the application so accompanied should be in all cases made within two years after the date of the land order. Assuming this to be the proper as well as the literal interpretation of the Act, it followed by necessary implication that the application to purchase and the pur chase should be made before the application for the deed of grant, because otherwise the Government would not be in a position to have the deeds of grant properly prepared. There ' ought, in his opinion, to be a limit to the time when the immigrant should inform the Go? vernmeut that he - was prepared to comply . with the conditions on which the land order was given ; and two years was a reasonable time.' Judgment would therefore be for the defendant. [We learn from a private corres pondent, who was present, that Mr. Pring ? who ought to know— made a somewhat curious disclosure during the proceedings. The de partmental notice extending the life of the land orders then current, was issued, according to the learned gentleman, in order to enable Mr. Taylor to select on Cecil Plains. Neither of the Brisbane journals, of course, was ill natured enough to report a statements so damaging to the late Ministry,— Ed, David and Gouat^. — The ' Totnco-tniba, . 'Chronicle relates that a feUow- towii smaii, not teonuected.wit^ thp ylng or in ^ any way, noted ' for hi6 pugilistic ability or inclination,' felt' a disptaitiontodistipgnish^hiinself on Monday i evening set-to with the'1 'large Celestial 'then on exhibitidnat the . School of Arte, -Hie - Highness, who stands eight feet touririches, and is large in propor tion, declined the invitation, and like a sen sible taiah/actedbnth'e old adage of Those who are strori^ tihchildbe merciful.' The pluckjr littl js^ntkm t einarked to this modern Goliath, ..'Wejte 'ypu ten feethigher I would notbe afraid of yon?' ..' ' The following deplorable account of . the prospects of . pastoral tenants in the Burnett cornea to as ( Queensland*})-) from * gentleman who hasbeen travelling through « portion of , the district * The country here is in a fright ening state.' , ; Stock of all kinds are literally' starving. The kangaroos are so weak that they can scarcely get away from the slowest dog. The oldest resididents say the season is unprecedented. The air is tainted with the number of carcasses lying about. In many places you,may8teftdvand eee^ropa iour to eight or nine beasts dead within sight:. . iSheep are 'dropping off at « : fearful ; rate. . Lambing, which is just beginning, will hardly beworth the name.; rdV&ot;&e;® r'thel-&Bt; chance of saving lambs exfeept -ifi k( few favored -spots, unless relieffnthfe bhfcpe of raincomes imme diately ; eveii threti' l' feat' the ewes lire too weak to benefit from it. It is truly painful to witness the deplorable state, of stock and coun try. Long-continued and severe frosts, fol lowed by sweeping bush-fires, are the main causes". The Colonist says tbatabout eighteen miles from Brisbane; aparty has been steadily at work oil a reef for the past six months, and, from the report given, with every pros it pect ofsuccess. ' IMmajrishaft is nowdoWn sixty feet — where ?thfejrare 'Marking out the re6f five feet wi'der They- have already over 100 toDs of stonfe 'bd g^ass, which, from trials madeby hand,, tbjeycalculate will yield ten ?ounces to' the ion. \ iThe gold is said to be vis - . ible to theeye, very.-fine, and. ..evenly distri buted throughout; /The prospectors, though working-Buchalengfchjaf time, are yet»lone.in their enterptise^ land ai- edesirous of remaining . Bo'some'timfe longertill -they test the return - . ; positively— which thfcy inlend^^htWly^d^itig ^y 'Beading'three tons of thPt^pV s^won fer^doWn to Sydney. Thp lfonnftpbj i'Beef ^e'^ahdersikM. is the fxip— J^cbi&^gn-jjgn£ ^ftne Ballarat 'Star, «tr. the {-ri ncipal; fcofcelhere, at the ^ata pf £2 2e.. \ a we^r,or-re.;per.diem. v Tbree meals— -breajtr fast, lunch) and idinner etc o'clock ; , all pretty go0d, fin&'plenty :'to - eat % glasaof ale, 6d ; large b&ttlei6f; tfeer.'Se. ; scarcely ever potatoes, : but plenty ot^arra'.^ ;^ere is;-a;great amount ?of dripkii^ ibdnigect- in* iii'LerUka, and the b^ '^^^g r1ra!d^ so far as . present th^ J^nQijav^^if ,onet dtpoee8,to be . unprincipled, juadf ^(here^dre, rno,^mpulsion, ? : ^leM foroe?indirtds^ly,^hijrfi i8.avoided as niuchas possible; foj:ifear- o£tja generaTrqip. ThfereiBTiot Jmudii&otoal.draakeBness;,^ how-, evea^- flnd the'wiiite men that! have seen about : heire ttre b)»^ly fill'iBeo'df «dncatioa,~ fin d eri- = d^ly fiaw^Mti ti^glit Tiip respectably, and are m^ti^%eaHfehi^njTOtmg ahS'godd-lboking: ; On account;pf.ftiie ^^^^^n^ihldhj^.chieiByj : many of me'm^i^^|aE!Hng from dyseri teiy, ' . andsome froj^ alow^l^d pf fever. It is, I belieye; in a gjc^t mj^itfe, caused alBo by the . ? effluvium anil dirt.of^tii^ piace, as th'e town ? ite^ is afilthy hol^^d 'iyery badly situated in a Baidtarypoint of viefc u The housea in the str^t'axi^niy about ten. yards from where the \- «eawtk^l^';hp;^,itha(thei-eib only averynar TOW stT^ OT ^iftces betwfeeh it aud ttite houses. Immedia^yj Dehihd the''h6us^s rise st^p, pre ^ ' mountains, veiy picturesque, covered4j?viJii'yer- diiray^^^a^f native fruit trees, aie'h^th% ? ? i ^^^^fle streams ^pi^i^i^nR^Bipianyi, %5ay, jlx. Laurie's xcport on mis late mission ; :tof ViOoria was i -|»^^ljitod»«6n«Mtt3edi ,13^/follpwing j abffa^ kindly fur^ ?; wi& instoactions \- teceSyed frofc'TOA'^'jsrpiiSsi^d to Victraia -to ; fir savingand ..- jffetkibg- ' boxe8,.and Bcowni(^id Steuefteld^. cpncentra ^n'axe^iBediif^diii Gastteniame, .blanket^ and Bemfrey^s On Klines,: blankets; ^OTtttiw^J^xesi^ltiddlss f qDn'BaUarat^-blankets, ^nH'aW;knd^Bro»fe tofl^fitansfield'.a concen ;'worb, i«nd - fating, ijito -conside]»ubh ? ,the ^re 'vuireHientffOfjtMmfield; infconieqnence flj'the ' incVnie«^^^^i^^-^Wl^-great.qaant^ -of pyrit^ wtich abeomipanieBAt^ ; 1- would sug ... yest Brown 'abd'^tahsfidd^ concentrator as the maAlne'bSl',fd^ed for use here; the ' pyrites to be afterwards toasted in a reverbera ? { abfivis fBdbrflvill Be';^out ? fiSOOO^i . Tbeicdiredtoislad^phad) Mr. Laurie's -itidid'rep^wdan tonita,iiQj«PQf|?#tl»ermachi L)aiE&£*lwfetedl,%5Aia» ^^c^eendiifd ; to r' iwufe'SdO^iCTr^iaeia . Thp capital ' ' rt®^t4-yHbteeriiDieiiB f*ill ff^ga part of .the \- ^tfinal capitai3oJ[ iUia oCo^paAy,. aiid will be ' ^fliefpW'4oU^t»9ltocpaippse9 fir which it is ftfsedr*i,®teiKftlowing» a^*;ep(Wt^:the,late8t jcruiSMng^t^nteiprito iStone. from No. 1 ^ going ^ through. \- !V5fctPrii {-iSSitonff; tom No- l north, D^wn, 'f'-M4Parl^eamdpar4^yidded35 ozs.-13 dwts. 1,^he^i^oue^:r®^te6oni'the .Dawnpfospec ?; is ftoeingfcetbnbed, r«nd, stone from No. 1 ? ' ^pftVf^nferoafijds ^oin^ithfpugl^: On July 28 ~ ' ;a ctitreliiEfg i)f ' ll{totaB.-J&bm;i^ov 2 north, New : ^ yield.of 2pz8. 7dwts. ; : 1 ; W«rflid- ooidiBCinsriantiltlat^ly that tins was * sTootitted Imt v the time.— A. B. ? rP^tdhard^reJtortB-sf -During the week a fair' ?'iL^t^t^f,%UBHiesB liaa 3»egn dpne in , mining : fiharesJ th^prinSoipali.jMirrfiaseiB .bping parties, in ^hW-tflettt^tdisififBesId^48 ii the country ' x towns' are also wgnitii enquiring for investments \- ?in good reefi^ ^hefoltowing eries have been r i^rocted' Half^hai^e iri'No. 2 north, California, \- KSM'Shafe-dn 'So. H, south. Smith field, Wlf*%are^in No. 4 - south, Smithfield, .£100 ; half-share in No. 1 south, California. 3fi4S ;~tto6e shares-in ^he Aurelia Company at £100 each. whilst ^h^e are several others jiinder offisr with every prospect of sales taking ^platje. .V& ^ea^iinotiht otj attention has been paid io sbare^i which have advanced ;in prksevUMOi^^y. ^Ehere are etill numerous ' whidr iioldera will not accept; : ?; «nM«ro$d ^thatineof memb^s of ?theSchcml'^i^rj^xx^mmitteeisabouttolearn -the pleasantness.pf |-uf owning Jipnora^y labor -for a ^ohn Fenwick, .one of the^ commfttee,' has,' ^been^ ^.-served with * jSe suit jif Mr. Shepperson, the bq^fiffi^oinfe like £&0, incurred solel f on iuk:ouut of the institu \- tion-^the ampunt J-eing the balance of an ac count of^Jthe ou^goitude of which the com 'mitt^e wwe ^not made aware until a oompara ?; ii^-TOtentdata. .Itiis any tiling but cre f- ' jditable to the institution' that - such a state of ~ ' 'ttSHija* ^hopld' ^exist, ahd the . committee - are ' . ^uUoonituii Boote atcps should be takep to clear w existihg liabilitieB. The affairs o£ the . ;;8cbopl,pf^ Ar|s must have been Wofully tnis we see ajflne . property JiJia' thit bflilduig fall into the hdnds \- apatyAnil ihpjitagrjtgelf subject to, Buch (J|ffi^sS^IS^tJt-^rtii(;h~action 'atflaw ; - IB,- ?iowrf f%^£pire3 j' but - 'the comdaitteef are ? v anxious tft4F^|#-witg »»d meet the present '?? - eniergen-y.— Courier, ?' * ' ' 'M:' : ' Captain David, of .the Eiench ship Gjijaiv tanamo, aiid Oomm!inder Bedwell| of, H.il.S'. Pearl, have made themselves a niche in the grateful recollections of thesporting fraternity ot Gladstone Both gentlemen. Came forward kt the annual meeting . bf ?the P. C. J.-Olubwith £10 prizes ; and if anything besides hearty thanks were required by the donors, they have it in the fact that more horses were entered, And the ruoning was better than for the Club races.— Gliditone, Observer. At a meeting of the Australian Meat Pre serving Company, held in Melbourne on the 2nd inst., the chairman _ eij)lained that , the works .were stopped pending advices by the .mail, which had proved .unsatisfactory. The Company had an overdraft of £5000, bills over due to the amount' of' £4000, ? and becoming : due £8000. It is ' feared that the business of the preserving Lestablishment will_ not be re sumed! and that the company will be wound - up. ?' . ''v ? ? . - '? ' - ' New Zealand boasts of the richest gold mine in- the world. The Galifornian claim re tprried' to itB ahateholdera between February 'and July last ithe sum.of £169 per share. This on 2860; shares .gives a total of £454,740. iN order to keep.our- readers well posted as to' the. 'progress Mr. .Lilley is making in his suit for libel, against us, .we beg to inform them that we have this .week been honored with an other voluminous, document, occupying eight pages of foolscap, and which in legal parlance is called a ' declaration!' , ; This frightful-look- . ing memorandum of monotonous legal techni- . calities is enough of itself to' strikie such terror as to almost make us give np the ghost at once, but its formidable appearance is nothing to the sensatiPnal intelligence it contains— namely, that Mr. Lilley has raised the amount of damages from £1000. to £200 0.(ttoo thousand pounds /) If there are any Bteps yet to be taken, and at each of them 'Mr. Lilley raises his claim by £1000, it is hard to say for what sum we may be sued when the trial really takes place. But as the. case at present stands, £2000 from us and £2000 from Vie Queensland Times , are Qice«ums, and, after all, are. better prizes than any. seat on the Ministerial Benches.^ To jay. the least of it, this is a -new way of raising the. wind, but whether it can be carried out successfully or not remains to be Been.— War wick Examiner. . - . A correspondent of, the Cleveland Bay Express thus records the 'finding of a 41b nug get A Chinaman Was ? listlessly fo«6icking amongst the -Tocks and bpulders at the junction of,! Tea- tree arid Sahdy Creeks, some hundred yards 'or so from the Police Camp, when be dropped across ~a lump of what appeared to' be ironstone, in consequence of seeing a speck ofgold on its surface he broke it with* his .pick, when' he discovered that!' he .had hit upon- a' treasure — that which was apparently a value less lump of the heavy irbiistone that abounds everywhere' on the Gilbert, was nothing less than a mass -of gold, merely coated and beld together -with ironstone cement. , The specimen s Weighed 54 ounces - in the state it was found, jahd '46 ounces after the pestle and mortar ,and jwater had- extracted every speck of impurity, from it. 'The spot where, this, was picked up |iad rbeen; : worked over 'and . over . again by M'JSenna, - who^got a few pieces of from pne to four pniices in the neighborhood, and 'by Ker nick and others ; and this specimen nad pro- r jbably been, more thanjjncepitched irom-one to ?another withodt knowledge of its vklue. The friends of those who reside in outlying districts should never be alarmed at reports they may hear of evil happening to them, until they are fully confirmed. It is by mo means uncommon for report to kill off our Belyando friends, usually by the hands of the blacks. The news of course spreads like wildfire, and generally gets down to Brisbane or Sydney, in time, to alarm the relatives of the supposed victims. Yesterday week, news was brought in to Clermont that. Mr. North, of Albro sta tion with a stockman named Ross, had set forth with rations for one night, and had not been heard of for seven days. Hence they had perished miserably— murdered by that great bugbear, the Belyando blacks. We purposely took no notice of the report last week, because it is not long since all the white men on a sta tion were reported massacred, whilst in point of fact they were perfectly well. We are now able at once to publish and contradict the rumor, Mr. North and his man having merely extended their search for some missing horses and cattle, beyond the time they originally in tended.— P.D. Telegram. A MEliANGHOLY and fat^l accident ([says the Cleveland 'Bay Express of Ahgust,26j occurred on 4! Wednesday afternoon, by. which a little ; .boy named Clmries Hooman, , about ten yeare of ^ige,-«aine;to Jiis death. It app^irs that de ceased) with his brother— a boy of thirteen or fourteen— together -,with another boy named Willineti^ were playing yirith a gun ; and that; deceased received a charge of shot along his \ scalp/hijj brother-haLving.firedthe shot. There was no . assistance at hand, and the poor little fellow was carried on ito a sofa inside the bouse by his,] brother apd Willmett- . When the doctor, arrived some two hours afterwards he/was too latey the child being rapidly link ing from excessive hemorrhage, and shortly afterwards lie died. Dbunkenkess at^ Ravenswood.— It is per fectly- astounding to . note the. number of drtfnken men one sees in the streets on Satur days. Last Saturday was a notable oae.: From all the public houses (and their nameis legion) could be beard ranging, dancing, bowling, ah outing «nd'fighting..: Men mast have money to get drtmk with, and therefore we suppose this drunkenness is -a sign of our prosperity. It is, however, a way of showing it .that we rvery much deprecate. All the preaching in the world, however, 'will not ' have the slightest .effect in altering the mode of living of the European. . He religiously, eats fresh meat three times a day, and drinks his strong British beer or.iwajidy with as mnch gusto as'if he was. at home in his own cool climate, and it is owing solely to the genial climate of Australia that, bad effects do not ensue. In a corresponding latitude ? in the northern . hemisphere -certain ,1 death would- be the penalty of such indulgence. Many, donbtless, remember the couplet and endorse the opinion that — ' : Men being reasonable must get drunk, \- The best of life is but intoxication. .—Jtavenswood Miner. 