REPORT. 1\. GAGE'S ROAD off,the Town of Fremantle at the entrance of the Swan River, is open t'o the Northward, but sheltered to the South and Westward by Islands, Reefs, and Saudbanks. Although during the prevalence of North and Northwest winde considerable siwell rolls en, yet the holding ground being good, well-found ships have no dfficulty in riding safely,'provided due atten tion is paid to their- anchors and cables, and as these'winds seldom last long, but quicaly veer to' Southwest and South, little delay is experienced in discharging and loa ling cargoes. "Immediately the wind ceases the water becomes smooth and in te'vals of from 5 to 10 or 14 days' fine weather en sues. 2\. ANCHORAGES.-The usual -anchorage for ships drawing over 16 feet water is a little west of the Beagle and .Minden Shoals, at about 14 mil s from the Jetty, but at a distance of of a mile, and inside the shoals last named. good anchorage in 3 to 5 fathoms is. ound .for 6 or 8 ships ; this an chorage is always used during the sumuier, or about 9 months in the year, and is, as well as theouter one, easy of access by day or night, with or with out a pilot. 3\. WEATHER.--During what may be termed i the summer months, from 1st October to 1st May, the prevailing winds are from E.S:E. and S.W.,. generally blowing fresh from S.W. during the latter part of the day, with easterly or land winds at night till about 10 or 11 a.m. Few westerly or northerly winds of, any strength take place until the middle of June, these may be expected until the end of September, and are most prevalent at full and change, but frequently pass off with heavy atmosphere, lightning, thunder and rain, after whith the weather clears up and sets in fine for many days. Although fresh winds -may be looked for at those periods, in many instances they do not occur, leaving un broken periods of weeks of the finest weather imaginable, and not to be surpassed in any cli mate in the world. The Winter Gales, as they are termed, seldom last more than 3 days, includ ing the day on'which they commence, and that on which they clear up ; this I note as a rule of course there are exceptions. 4\. FOGs are unknown witl the exception of smoke from bush-fires, prevalent in the months of January and February ; the atmosphere may be said to.be always clear, and the land may be' distinguished at a reasonable distance. 5\. TiDas are so insignificant in strength as not to claim any attentiorin connection with steam navigation; the Port waters .are-generally still, and the bottom in the anclhoraget may be seen during 9 months oftheuyear. 6\. PxILOTs.-A pilot is station?ed on the Island .6f-Rottnest; on which stands a reyolving light; a constant watch is kept day.iandnighit, as well for ships as the light, and notice is given to the pilot on the first appearance of- signals made by shippiog, when the pilot proceeds in the neces sary direction. In the case of Mail. Steamers arriving in heavy weather, eyeu withdut a pilot. there would be no difficulty ( prbviydl- with a chart of the port, Commandz±c 'ile 0?s)irectory, vol. iii., and the assistance of t -li lits' dn Rott. nest and Arthur's4Head).in prO eediig to Gage's Road, and anchoring in any art thereef. 7\. CbALING Ari Hufnzsý-In thd inner an. chorage before mentioned,-Xoal Hulks might be moored in safety, and beipg ships of 500 or.600 tons would feel so little mootion during 9 months of the year, that the long Mail Steamers could lie alongside to coal; or at such a shortdistance from them as would enable the coaling to be performed with very little difficdlty, about two 30 or 50 ton schooner- rigged lighters might be attached to the Coal Hulks, and.be of assistance in"discharging coals' from coal-ships-into the hulk, when the shipscould rot lie alongside her. The ground tackle for the hulks should be good and heavy. 8\. BOATS. -There is a good supply of decked cargo boats from 10 to 20 tons, there are 3 boats belonging to Water Police Establishment, 3 to Harbor Master's Department, and the Pilot at Roltnest, has two boats with a crew of six men. 9\. REMiAn s.-Although Gage's Road in former years was donsideret, unsafe in winter, it has long sustained a very different character, all well- found ships discharge and load there at all seasons in preference to lying under Garden Island, eight miles fiom Freniantle, Printed directions are handed to masters of ships for their guidance while in the Roads, a copy of which I attach hereto. - I deemr it unnecessary -tb coirm?eltl on any of the other anchorages in the port,.;as ample in formation, concerning them may be 'obtained from the Directory before mentioned, except to note that Port Royal or Careening Bay in Cock burn Sound is well adapted for the repairs of ships, that timber is abundant, and a diving ap paratus is always at comm and. (Signed) - J. HARDING. Harbor Master. 20th July. 1864. 