A1JSLH0UKNR Messrs. Dulmalioy Cnmpbell anil Co.'a rcporb. I Eleven hundred cattle canto forward j tho market fluctuating, but cloacd with au upward tendency. Thirty-four thousand sheep were yarded ; prime quality only sold at late rates, othor descriptions fully sixpence per head lower. Tim usual monthly meeting of the Hos pital Committee was hold on Monday even ing. Present—Messrs. Baylis, Tompson, Cottee, Garland, Dr. Morgan and the Secre tary. Several accounts were passed, and it was moved by Mr. Tompson, seconded by Mr. Cottee, and carried, that tlio late medical ollicer Dr. Robinson's salary bo paid up to the end of the current quarter. Messrs. F. A. Tompson, Garland, and Love wero ap pointed a sub-committee for the month. At tho Municipal Council on Thursday a letter was read from Mr. Alderman Mcintosh, > resigning his seat as Alderman for tho South Ward. 'J'nc resignation was ordered to bo accepted and notice given of Thursday, the 2Sth instant, as tho day upon which tho election to fill tho vacancy will bo hold— nominations to be lodged with tho Mayor not later than tho 22nd instant. Mr. Scannell was appointed Surveyor to tho Municipal Council, vico Bolton resigned. Tub District Court sittings commenced on Wednesday and closed on Thursday after noon. Mo3t of tho cases wero undefended, and the only ono of any public interest was that of St. Vens v. Sergeant Carroll—a claim of damages of £50 for false imprisonment. Tho sergeant, soino months ago, was endea vouring to take a drunken man to the lockup, when St. Vens, according to tho sergeant, interfered, aud was locked up also. Mr. Forbes, who, instructed by Mr. Willans, appeared for complainant, opened tho case and called witnossos to provo that St. Vens really assisted rather than obstructed tho police in their duty. For the defence, Mr. Fitzhardingo applied for a nonsuit on the ground that tho summons should havo been taken out within two months of tho alleged falsa imprisonment. Tho point seemed to take the othor side entirely by surprise, aud was strongly argued against by Mr. Forbes, but without avail, his Honor deciding that the objection was fatal. Plaintiff non-suited accordingly. At tho conclusion of tho busi ness, Mr. Willans, as senior solicitor, ad dressing his Honor, said ho was sorry to hear that this was probably tho last time his Honor would presido in that Court, and begged to assure him of tho regard in which he was held, and the regret which his loss would occasion. His Honor said it was truo that on account of his health he intended !to apply for twelvemonths' leavo of absence, but hoped to resume his duty in tho district to which he had become so much attached. He congratulated tho district on tho marked diminution of crime observable .during the past twelve months, which ho sincorely wished could continuo until his offico had becomo a Biuecure. Referring to Mr. Hooko, lato manager of tho New South Wales Bank hero, a Burrowa correspondent writes :—Tho ap pointment of Mr. Hooke as manager to tho bank here has given general satisfaction, Alroady tho civility of his management is widespread, and some who had withdrawn their support from this local institution havo determined on re-opening thoir accounts. A mketimo of tho Committee of the Agri cultural and Horticultural Society was held at tho Commercial Hotel on Wednesday afternoon : Mr. R. Nixon occupied tho chair. Several accounts, together with tho contrac tors for tho erection of the pavilion, wero passed and directed to bo paid. Mr. Lauch Ian proposed a voto of thanks to tho Sub committee for their labours in carrying out tho Show arrangements. Mr. F. A. Tomp son responded, and proposed a similar com pliment to the hon. secretary. Mr. C. Wilkinson, in replying, acknowledged tho co- operation ho had received from tho mem bers of tho committee, and congratulated tho Society upon its successful commence ment. A vote of thanks was also passed to thoso gentlemen who had kindly acted as judges. It was proposed to hold an autumn show in tho town about Easter time in tho beginning of next April. Tho preciso dato was left to bo fixed at a futuro meeting of tho Committoo. Tho Socretary laid before tho meeting the Society's handsome prize certificates, which had just arrived from Sydney. Thoy wero printed by T, T. Leigh and Co. The new piano for tho Hall of tho Mechanics' Institute arrived safely from Melbourno on Wednesday afternoon. Pend ing proper arrangements for putting tho instrument in its proper place upstairs—a matter of somo difficulty—it has been placod in tho reading-room, whore it has been inspected by a number of people. Tho piano, • which is of Belgian manufacture, is a very handsomo instrument with a fino, brilliant tono, and will be an immenso acquisition to tho entertainments at tho Mechanics', whoro tho want of a superior instrument has long boon felt. A somewhat exciting snako adventure occurred on Thursdaylaftornoon at tho Aus tralian hotel. Ono of tho grooms was engaged in the harness-room when his atten tion was attracted by tho fiorco barking of a little dog at something in a corner of the room, whetico a hissing noise procoeded. On going to the spot he discovered the cause of tho animal's excitemont to bo a largo black snako coiled up for a spring at his four-footed assailant, and looking ominontly vicious. Tho unwolcomo intruder was quickly do Bpatched with a stick, when his ugly length was found to measure nearly tivo feet. " At a mooting of tlie Committee of Manage mont of tUo Mechanics' Institute last night, .it was reportod that fcho lieu' grand piano had boon dolivcred by Mr. Arnold at the Instituto in good order. The Treasurer roportod that ho had received another instal ment of tho Government grant towards tho Building Fund, of some £10S, which, with othor fluids lying in tho Bank to tho credit of tlio Instituto, amounted to somewhere about C1 SO ; that the total liabilities of tho Institute, including building contract, furni ture, piano, itc.,, exceeded that amount by soinowhoro between £ CO and .€70. Towards tho reduction of this tliero aro the half yearly and quarterly subscriptions now duo. Thoro boing several small accounts overduo which the Couunittco considered ought to be paid at ouco, it was resolved to mako appti casion to tho Joint Stock Bank for an over draft of £100; and if granted that all tlio outstanding accounts l>o immediately paid. Tho President was requested to invito Mr. Anthony Trollope, during his visit to Wagga, to dclivoralcctureat tho Mechanics' Institute. Mr. K. llcydou was then nominated to lill a vacancy in the Committee, occasioned by the resignation of Mr. Durie, aud tho meeting terminated. The fierce heat of tlio early part of the week wasintorruptod on Wednesday night by a thunderstorm, and a heavy fall of rain which, if it has not much reduced tho tem perature at least had the good effect of putting out the bush- fires. A large extent of country is reported as having been burned. Air. Kudd's Colombo run is said to have been completely swopt by the fire. At Mr. Ham mond's, Juueo, nearly two miles of fencing were destroyed, and there were heavy lires in tho direction of Sandy Creek. A report that Mr. Jones's hotel, at Ganmain, had been burnt down was incorrect, but the coui try in that direction, wo understand, suffered sovoroly. U.tDER tho Diseases in Sheep Act owners possessed of fewer than 500 sheep, and sheep butchers, dealers, and salesmen, are required to have their runs and premises registered with the Sheep Inspector for tho district on or before the 1st January next. Holders of runs in the second-class Sottleil and Unsettled Districts aro, by the 20th clause of tho regulations under the Crown Lauds' Occupation Act of 1SG1, to havo tho rents of all runs paid on or beforo tho 31st instant. Tub IUvcrinc Herald relates how on Mon day a Mrs. J. W. Allin fell into tho Murray while fishing. Mr. Hayward, who was near, ran into the water and caught hold of her, and Mrs. Adams, sister of Mrs. Allin, stepped into the wator and took hold of Mr. Hay ward's wrist. Mr. Thomas, M.L.A., who was with them, took hold of Mrs. Adams's hand, aud so a chain was formed by which Mrs. Allin was rcscucd from tho stream. 