GEODETIC .SURVEY. The following report respecting the progress of the boundary line being, run. between Victoria and New South Wales, hbae been received by the Surveyor General of Victoria from the gentleman in charge of the Geodotic Survey party, Mr A. C. Allan: Geodetic Survey Camp, Mount Buckle, 4th May, 1871, Sir,-In answer to your letter of the 11th ult., directing me to report on the boundary line between Victoria and New South Wales, I have the honor to report as follows :-Mr Black started with the running of the line early last year, and carried it as far as Mount Tingariuga, when I,commenced co-operating with him about the 15th of August. At this time we were almost stopped by, snow rain, and generally unfavorable weather for the necessary exchange of trigono metric observations. During the period Mr Black was at work between Forest Hill and Tingaringa, the Snowy River and the mountain creeks were flooded to an extent never known before. I may add that since Angust, last year, until the beginning of April last, I have never had one week's consecutive good weather Flood has followed flood, and both in moving camp and running the line, we have been delayed beyond all precedent Another cause, of much delay was the circuitous routes we were compelled to take with our pack-horses. From Genoa River to Yambulla Creek, 'a distance of about iwo miles, we had to packcamp over thirty miles. I took up the line about seventy-two imiles frdom Cape Howe, first carrying it from th'el )eleg.ate River to ,'the Queenboro'' River, about thirteen miles, the.only portion I Bare yet'passed over worth occupyiing.' Here there, were; several detached 'saorveys, which had to be connected' and itt as considered .better i to sirey' 'thei run boundaries adjacent, A referenle to fey plan' ands tracing, will show "thitt.there haes been much,work done ,on these sur. veys, all of which are meost useful to, and;: igentlyrequired by the depart. menitt. From the Qaeenboro' Bibr, the country changes graduallyth, m iountaie spurs' bedoming close' and teteepe ;te land heavily' timbered, n dea scrubby, ,and rocky hseng at Tennynon, on the Coast range, dividing the, waters of the. Snowy and Cann' riveres, to a height of over 8000ft. tFron iaboat two miles west, of Mount Tennyson; to'tho Yambula'Crieek, a" distance of over twenty'miles a horseman can no longer 'follow; nel ,lime' 'It, course. lis ;;from Mount Tennyson ,over a.succession :of steep, rocky.: leading'spnis'of'thecoast range; with gorges "some '1500ft" and 1000ft. deep.. These are 'liteill da'rk with fern treeks and cisb. It'isidoubtful if anyA bush;fires hae ever peoetia ed these.,' rpstoialj. damp; glense.,, No traces of fire are ,visible, and the accu mulation:of fallen .timber and 'vidge tabIledebris offered the iiaot ' *rious obstaclesi to the''prciciesa of rthe .orl 'i had tliebutmiostf diffloqlty i'. 0 bervingg '`th'e` atrriighlos; o~f,'thej. ine 'thr~oisg the se, plsoq. E, Mseyr,o.te trees,too, are of gigantioc dimensions, so that when we: had's:theeill-look" to fall on one or two of these:6n thelineo their removal made aerioedii holeiatho day's work. b dd 19 dry, and 'snvarsiaWj bl iynttp .b' leeches., T; hroughoA1 havy.,ohained the line, and taken vertical angles: o every change of inolination er san average of 1001t. distances, for"iri duotion to level' m'nibre;" i mi4yod all creeks at ain' `avage of lklf a miije oa.eaoh' side' the ltno, adid ali :he inountain;ridges;noted the geologinal change., and generally secured data to make a thoroughly'reliebleitopographio map of the. outry'arii ed 'thresugli The tiees wiae o beenm ll 'utie'EUno dfily'blased onthrdeeid g ap '- tb piles,. wit}h pole. au4 centre, alup preoted neerys aible ridgewith clear, gaps out th rough 'the' timber. Fromi: YasmbouL Creek' to !"Mount' Bu4ckle the latter about 22n mles' firiot s Cape Howe, the linp'-e pa 'ovts o . : nlssuerous spurasoft~he;Merjsinagn.:. and 1alihnam rangest very scrnbbyn but tthrepurs. seldom :ore dOOfkt or O60ft above' the ;gullies':below.' -This part of fth'rooouniry ir'atly oipied. Here we' have mna degod'progreis, asd now have: h earlj'i while mionth's od wether he dita4 oomplited during te, av, weeks being nearly,15 miles, inolding the removings of vamp.:;From' our:present ' camp at Monht Bookle,' a' diettijee 'of about 22 miles'frotii ; wed 4 have 8 'miles to"'the"' hlildgo timber~ePd' idea.nd iperubby,;. bu~ with good weather: I expect to get over it before the end of the present.monthl From the Timlbilagobuh to' the Mbui't Howe range for ' odistige "of ",iboit eight or nine miles,-the";line" fIll"oih' the ieothern'aloesa p of tie higli moun., taim rangeffdrming th oith eruwate;. abied of the Genoa River end'(,Mala-j goota Inlet:! I am tildithis pottion of country has never .:been penetrated for' ansy distanoe. The h aorbnd tea tidb' is described' as' unsauilialy"dennbe" and mi;atted "together' with the thorn ymede , It is ad we hall.a veto carry r, ligh equijptient s as& ration ourselves,; as it would:be impossible toget in pack) pack'' :horses, "particitlarly'i during: winter, I doubt this; but that' there is' a sierious piece of 'ounitry 'awaiting ii' is certain." I 'shalil mosst'likeljy''tak euffloientirations i t oao'. ` acrosse ti , Timbillagigli.end ppuahl mon for the 'Howe range and leaving the linethere,; escape out of: thejeengle by boat down'r one of the arms 'oi the Ilulsgoota'In-' let, to the noarest'point' froes 'wheinci *re 'cin meet paokhorses, thenie tothe' coumitry between Howe Ratige and tlies Cape.: The last'portion, about' five or, - sir mile. from the range to the- Cpeaps, is mot'so very bad. 'We soongotdown" the spur of Carlyle Pass through'sbount' two aind'a'half, miles of 'i 19w socrubby; iidje,' ending; iwith" mirsies imd scrubby sand bhiuimicks, 'fr the last,. twqo miles. I do, not think this, last portion' will occupy us, including nmov." itg camp, over a' fortnight.' 'Mr Turton' cleared' leading gaps in the; timber at' Mount Tennyson;, Jviidi" , Goo'praoamibal .Yninbiillif Ceek, ' Merragunagim, ,Buepie,;. 'aid , Howe Range, finishing theelaset ' about the middle of 'April. He is now .en.' 'gaged oz 'the' trig survey, and "will'' shortly' proceed' with' 'thiie'geiical surve3 of the" route beit ,eoi Goil : River and the Caimeoivet run., Ri n nearsas I. cbe stminate, about three' monthe will be required to..finish the. line, say to the end of July next, with'' the everage weedher. The Roe Mr ]3isks, presidesin of' the esaloyan Conforoisce, doolined no in vitation to the Govornor'sa birthday dinner, and levee," beosuse of 'tho violation of Ithe religious qualityi'in respect to' the orde' of precedenoe. No \Vsloyesa siietistors will attoesfd'' the levee."'', ''" ·''. '' Printed, and Published. t·! htes Pro. jeriemer WILLInA Coorse, at tIhe Guar diean O1lcr, Gawler-street, Portland. 