Pastoral and Agricultural Intelli gence-stock Movements, &o.; THE weather during the past week, says the Wagga Wagga Express, has been showery and cool, and has given a wonderful spring to tho rioh undergrowth of green feed whioh the recent rains have induced. For the time all fears of bush-fires havo been dispelled, and until tho weather again sets in dry there need be no anxiety on this score. Tho rains have also had the good effect of reducing tho nuisanco of grass-seeds, which havo this season been productive of most serious losses to fiookmasters. In another week or two it is probable that all tho seed will have been shed, and then travell ing with sheep will again bo unattended with difficulty and risk. In some parts of tho district the late wet and chilly weather has proved fatal to the newly-shorn sheep and caused some rather serious losses. In the local market there is a fair demand for fat cattle, and though no actual transactions have taken place, the holidays having interfered with business, prices aro well main tained, and are likely to continue firm. For fat sheep there is little or no demand. Store cattle ai e briskly inquired for, and as the supply is limited and likely to fall far below the requirements of buyers, a continuance of high rates may be looked for. Best bullocks are worth from £4 5s to £5 ; others in proportion. Store sheep especially good wothers and sound-mouthed ewes, are in fair demand, with but few offering. On Wednesday last, says tho Wagga Wagga Express of tho 3_lst December, 1S70, OOO head of splendid store cattle, in charge of Slr. Hann, crossed tho river by swimming, and a couple of dayB before 900 head of Mr. Gilbert's crossed in the same manner, rather than pay tho exhorbitant tolls demanded by the Bridge Company. Both lots were taken across without the slightest trouble and without tho loss of a singlo beast. Mr. Hann's lot aro from the Burdekin, Northern Queens land, and have been sold to Messrs. Tozer and Fisher by Mr. G. A. Elliot (P. E. & Co). They proceed to Jerilderie, and will there be divided- -one mob being taken by Mr. Tozer, and tho other by Mr. Fisher. These cattlo havo now been eight months on tho road, and during that timo have travelled over 1G00 miles covering in their journey nearly tho entire length of the continent. With tho oxception of about 20 head tho lot is composed entirely of bullocks. Thoy aro all in splendid order, and, taken as a whole, are, in tho opinion of those best competent to judge, undoubtedly tho finest lot that have passed through Wagga for years. They travelled from tho Burdekin to tho head of the Warrego, and from thence down that river to the Darling, and during ono part of their journey passed over moro than 200 miles of uuoccupied country, altogether beyond tho bounds of settlement. For the splendid condition in which they have been delivered here the greatest credit is due to the droving of Mr. Hann in whose charge they have been since they left the Burdekin. The following aro the crossings at Deniliquin.-Mr. P. Tyson's 3600 fat sheep ; T. M'Farland and Co's 200 fat cattlo Landalo, Brothors' 17,000 store sheep for Noo rong, Mr. John Holloway's 7 bulls, for Wagga ; Mr. > Rudd's fat cattle, T. M'Farlano and Co's 7000 store sheep passed down for Nap Nap. The following stock have crossed at Moama 1200 Doyle's ; 3300 ewes (Noura Station) 500 owes and 3500 wethers M'Evoy's : 3900 fat sheep from Bourke, Barton in charge ; 1657 fat sheep Cuba Station. On Saturday, tho 17th instant, 100 rams from Messrs Wolseley, Gibbs and Co's., Cobran and Thule stations, passed Mulwala in charge of Mr. Thomas Keatinge. They were in superior condition and well bred, consigned or sold to Mr. Vantiars, of Dora Dora station. Encouraging reports are just received from Dubbo. The country is splendid. Tho grass is higher than it has been known for many a year, and at every place even the most stcrilo spots-the growth is something wonderful. The grass seeds aro doing muck mischief. They aro more than usually plentiful, and we hear they aro killing large numbers of sheep-the mortality however, being greatest amongst lambs. Sheep which were shorn at any distance from their stations suffer dreadfully whilo travelling homewards. Tho shearing is completed, and every day sees large quantities of wool passing through for market. A week or so past, five or six heavily laden waggons from Messrs. Richard son's Murrawombie shed went through for Singleton. The reports to hand speak of the get up of the clip as excellent. The machinery latoly erected by Mr. Bing ham has well auswered its purpose. The fleece is tur ned out a beautiful white, and it is surprising if for tho future at the London sales tho well known Duck Creek brand does not fetch leading prices. From Bourke we learn that tho country looks magnificent. Tlioro is any quantity of feed everywhere, and stock are in tip top condition. Tho river is still navigable. Nearly all the season's clip has been sent per steamer. The country in the ,vicinity of Cannonbar never looked better. The plains are like English meadows, and their load of hor bago just now looks the real turkey carpet. Tho Lower Macquarie and Wammerawa country is looking well. There is a good deal of water still on the plains. Cattle aro reported in fine condition, and on several stations the whole herds are in market condition. On the Castlereagh, things bear as cheerful an aspect as the most exacting would wish. There is a report that pleuro is rather severe on the Merri Merri, but this wants confirmation. Tho Upper Bogan news is to the effeot that latterly tho weather has been very variable. Ono day is uncomfortably hot, the next is cloudy and brings a succession of thunderstorms and rain showers. The third day there are cold wintry breezes blowing. Tho country looks well, and stock are in a very forward healthy state. From the Marra Creek wo learn that the weather has been very warm-the glass going up to 92 in the shade ; but tho season is beautiful, and everything looks well. From Queensland, our accounts tell of heavy rains, but tho country is everywhere finely grassed, and stock of all kinds aro in great heart. St. George's bridgo has bceu flooded, and travelling stock prevented. Shearing is progressing on tho Condamine, but labour is scarce. There is little to report in tho station market. The demand for good cattle properties continues. Any such, with well-bred herds and conveniently situated, are sure to command top prices. Tho Dubbo stock items are :-1450 sheep (M'Culloch's) in charge of Atkinson, passed on Wednesday for Colane. They were purchased from Cox's Broombee stud. 300 fat cattle (Sherwin's) from tho Molo passed Forbes for Melbourne on tho 20th instant. A lot of fat cattlo (Aaron's) from the Bogan aro coming up the river to market, Tho destination of York and Walsh's fat oattle has been changed from Melbourne to Sydney. Mr. R. G. Goodisson (for Powers, Rutherford, andCo.) reports sale of 1800 store wethers, on account of Moms son Brothers, of Buggabuddah ; 1700 do, on account of Irving Brothers ; 500 fat sheep ; and has placed 150 store cattle under offer. Tho Brewarrina passings and movements aro :-J. and J. Doylo's 3000 fat sheep for Sydnoy. Ill fat sheep from Collewaroy, in charge of owner (Mr. T. Williams, sen.) for Sydnoy. 40 head fat cattlo Booka Booka, Marra Creek, for Bathurst. Tho following lots will be shortly despatched ; 7000 fat sheep to Dubbo, to await orders. 500 hoad primo cattle (Colin M'Kenzie's) from Wangan for Melbourne. 400 hoad of splendid cattle (Lord and M'Nevin's) are to be started for Melbourne, in charge of George Taylor, a careful and experienced drover. MessrB. Holland and Prendergrost have purchased several lots of fat cattlo on the Barwin for tho Melbourne market. ¡ Messrs. Brunker and Sparke, of Maitland, report that good fattening properties, well situated, command attention, and can be x>laced at satisfactory prices. Advices from the interior report that agents of meat preserving companies (northwards) aro in tho locality of the Macintyre and Barwin, purchasing fat cattlo freely at L5 5s per hoad, delivered on the stations. This adduces further proof of tho loss sustained by proprietors of stock in the settled and intermediate districts failing to avail themselves of the undoubted advantages to bè derived from tho formation of a meat preserving establishment in tho locality of Maitland. The trade declined to purchase fat cattlo, having sufficient on hand for present requirements. Their sales comprise : On account of "Mrs. Reynolds, 10 bullocks at L4 Hs ; and for Mr. Swain, 7 primo and weighty bullocks at LG to L7 ; and 6 bullocks at L4 7s Gd per head. "We have also sold on account Mr. J. M'Elnone (for Sydney) 1G0 hoad of fat bullocks at LG ls per head. There is no difficulty in placing large drafts of well bred cattlo for delivery in the interior at full rates. Tho remarks with reference to fat cattlo aro applicable to sales of sheop. Two hundred wothers from Weariss Creek, were sold at 7s Gd ; and a small lot of exceed ingly primo wethers, on account of R. W, Doyle, Esq., at 19s each. An increased demand is noted for a good class of wethers, they havo inquiries for fully 20.000J; sold'a small flock of coarse-woolled ewes at 8s each ; and 800 inferior old ewes (culls) at 3s 9d each. Young working bullocks, quiet and in good condition, realize from LS to L10 per pair. Wool : Tho late English nows has had no material effect upon the market. At this week's sales lato rates have been maintained. Hides : Best heavy aro in request, and saleable at full rates. Tallow : Notwithstanding the advance noted in tho London market, there is no improvement to note in value here ; L35 to L3G pet ton are the highest prices obtainable, delivered in Sydney. Messrs. Finlay and Co., of Goulburn, sold last week nine head fat bullocks at L5 9a, and ten head young steers taken for the paddock, although in very good con dition, at L'l 93. No sales of store cattlo were reported. Good store bullocks aro quoted at from IA to L4 5s ; equal sexes over two, about L3 7s Gd ; good steers from L3 5s to L3 10s. Good fat wothers aro [ reported to bo worth from Gs Gd to 7s Gd. Inquiries aro numerous for store Bheep, but as many are lame it is difficult to effect sales. Good sound sheep aro very saleable, particularly wothers. Prices quoted, 5s to 5s Gd. Messrs. Elliot and Allan, of Young, report that good store sheop of fattening ages are much sought after, and large numbers of fattening wethers, at prices ranging from 5s to 53 Gd ; ewes, 33 9d to 4s Gd. One hundred and sixty-six unoccupied runs to let aro advertised in the Government Gazette of New South Wales, at a rent of from L10 and upwards, and in quantity as high as 60,000 acres. Many settlers in the Riverine districts are making efforts to burn the long grass for distances around their fences, so as to enable them to protect the fences from an uncontrollable fire ; but they find much difficulty in thus causing the destruction of the grass, in conse quence of the quantity of young herbage which has sprung up between tho higher sort. Tho late rains will add to the difficulty of squatters in the efforts thus made to protect tho runs from the effects of fire. The prevalent showery weather has benefited the graziers, renewing tho supply of grass ; while all the agriculturists have every causo to be grateful, fertile crops being visible throughout Manaro. The fruit season has signs of healthiness, and strawberries, cherries, and gooseberries of a large size and fine flavour havo been easily obtainable. Peaches will be scarce, a late frost having nipped them. The Burrowa Advocate has been informed that an immense number of sheep have died in the district during the past ten days. From all sides losses are heard of, which many persons ascribe to the influence of the cold, bleak, rainy weather experienced since the termination of shearing operations. As a matter of special importance to our graziers, we may mention that, according to the latest advices, the opinion prevails in England that the war now devastat ing Europe will, no doubt, by rendering] food dear and scarce, give a gi eat stimulus to the Bale of Australian meats. Very large quantities were coming forward, and all wore likely to bo absorbed by the continental Governments. With regard to Jones's patent for meat-preserving, it may be stated, that tho difficulty experienced is this :-Each separate tin has to be connected by a small tube with the vacum.chamber, and this when four or five thousand tins a day have to be manipulated, would cause serious embarrassment. The nows of the failure of tho samples of meat sent out to Melbourne, pre served under Gamgee's process, caused some concern in England, but he does not despair of ultimato success. There is a great scarcity of men in England! who thoroughly understand meat-preserving, and it is noted that the Queensland Company have been advertising for one, and other companies find it very difficult to obtain such services. A largo numbor of sheep, reports tho Port Donison Times, havo lately como into Leichhardt Downs from the Gulf, in charge of Mr. Myles. The number was 23,000, and the losses throughout from every cause have not exceeded lh per cont., a smaller average than would obtain on many stations. Tho sheop left Flora ville on the 29th of May last, and arrived at Leich hardt Downs on the 1st Novomber, having been 15ö days on the road. The route chosen by Mr. Myles was up the Cloncurry for about 133 miles ; thenco on to tho Flinders eighteen miles ; thence up that river to its head 305 miles; thence down tho Burdekin to the Leichhardt Downs station 229 miles ; in all about 682 milos. Mr. Munro, who was in company with Mr. Myles, speaks in tho very highest terms of the country over which ho has travelled, describing it ns tho best that he has over seen fine rolling downs, with water every two or three miles. There can bo little doubt that if the Govornmont aro judiciously liberal in tho torms on which they offer this country it will all bo re-occupied within two or three years, and will form a basis for tho supply of an almost incalculable quantity of preserved meat, a staple of commerce which seems likely to_ attain tho pre-eminence amongst pastoral products hitherto accorded to wool. Messrs. Towns and Co. aro now almost the only remaining pastoral tenants in what is commonly known as tho Gulf country. They haye given orders for tho immediate withdrawal of all their cattle, but wo are led to believe, on very good authority, that if tho Queensland Government are sufficiently liberal, and sufficiently speedy in their liberality, these orders will be countermanded, and the otherwise inevitable Totardation of the country for several years bo avoided. Tho Government cannot well bo too liberal. It would pay better to grant loases for fourteen, or oven twenty-one years, at a peppercorn rent, and with ample pre-emptive rights over improvements, than to allow the country to lie wholly idle. Tho Warwick Examiner says :-Wo have had two or three samples of this years' wheat loft at our office, all of which aro fine and plump in tho grain, and aro pronounced by tho farmers to bo as good as that of any previous crop, Some patches which have not boen affected by tho rust will give a very heavy return, and we are informed that at Freestone Creek in one or two places tho yield will bo forty bushels to tho aero; but these aro exceptional patches. We havo heard of several places where the yield will bo from twenty to twenty-five bushels to the acre, but these also are only small in extent, and cannot make up for tho havoc whioh the rust hus caused in this orop. Altogether wo should suppose that there will bo only half the quantity cropped that was sown. In connection with farming operations, wo may mention that tho growing of oaten and lucerno hay has been gone into much more extensively this year than previously, and thero aro abundant crops. Tho Dalby Herald is sorry to learn that the grape crop has been destroyed in that neighbourhood. A few weeks ago the vines gave promise of a most abundant yield, but latterly a blight has appeared amongst them and caused a completo failure. Tho vines at Jimbour head-station, which are planted on a spur of tho range, aro stated to bo in excellent condition, and loaded with fruit, but tho peaohes, though looking well and bending down the trees with their weight, are infested with grubs. Tho vines at Rosalie, also on tho ranges, are a failure this season, oidium having got into tho vine yard. This vineyard is one of tho beat in Queensland, and the yield has hitherto been excellent, with little or no appearance of blight. This year tho IOBS from the oidium is estimated at 90 per cent. From a resume of tho reports of sales at tho "Willow Tree Salo yards, Orange, by Mr. G. H. Woolley, it appears, that in that groat agricultural district, superior draught horses are always greatly in demand. The prices by Mr Woolley's report range from £14 to £18 for primo draught; inferior, being £(i to £10. The following hints, which seem to be given in a bona fido spirit, may prove useful to graziers :-It is a mistaken idea, says Mr. Woolley, cattle breeders push ing their cattle through to Bathurst, thereby incurring oxtra expense and loss of time, when tho market in Orango, if not superior, is quito equal to that of Bathurst. I sold a small mob of cattlo from tho Lachlan a few days ago, brought down by Mr. M'Donnell, and tho prices realised surprised all present, and proved greatly to tho satisfaction of the vendor. When our butchers or farmers want cattlo of any kind they arc compelled to go to Bathurst, at great expense and loss of time, and if they give £4 por head in Bathurst they could bettor afford to give £4 os at their own door. And again, it would bo a saving of 5s per head to the vendor, that being equal to £4 10s in Orango against £4 in Bathurst. Cattle invariably sell well in Orango, as thero is always so groat a domand. Tho Forbes Times reports that tho Christmas holiday has interfered with business. The recorded stock itoms aro as follows :-30th December, 1000 head of store cattlo (Mr. Moor), from Camdon passed down the river to tho owner's station, near Booligal, reported inferior. A mob of prime bullocks (Mr. A. Stoke's), from Gulgul to mix with another lot now on hand destined for the Melbourne market. A mob of 5000 sheep, at presont near Forbes and travelling southwards, aro reported good. Attention has been directed in the Macleay dis trict to tho efficacy of soaking' seed wheat in sea water for twenty-four hours previous to planting, as a preventive from rust. It is said that the experiment succeeded on the Clarence. Tho Maitland Mercury speaks despondingly of tho fruit season of 1870-71. It has been distinguished for an extraordinary poverty in the yield of fruit ; stone fruit has been poor in quality and deficient in quantity, and the samo is to be said of all other descriptions, except perhaps, grapes, which seem a little backward. The failure of tho crop is evidently tho effoct of tho season. Thero is anew garden-Mr. Compton's, on the Hunter, beyond Oakhampton- where tho trees have only been six years in the ground, and last year were loaded with fruit ; this year the poaches may be counted, and so with all tho rest, except nectarines. Tho grapes only give promise of a good yield. Older gardens have fared no better, and consequently tho writer expects that they will have to look to-importa tion3 for the supplies of fruit which are sought for at the beginning of tho year. Oranges promise well. The Macleay Herald in noticing Mr. Verge's Sugar Mill states that the proprietor who somewhat varied tho process of manufacture, is now succeeding admirably. He finds it profitable to boil juice which only marks six, and has already turned out moro that ten tons this season. The other mills, at Gladstone and Fredickton aro also turning out sugar in payablo quantities. The Manning River News is glad to hear that the Kimbiioki Mills are rapidly approaching completion, and that crushing operations will bo commenced oarly in January. The people in that neighbourhood aro very hopeful, and we sincerely trust their expectations will bo fully roalized ; tho mill is certainly a splendid one, and no trouble or expense has been spared in adapting it to tho requirements of neighbouring plan ters. From the other mills upon that part of the river, wo have no precise information lately, but wo believe both tho proprietors have been turning out good samples of BUgar in payable quantities. Mr. Poole has boon somewhat moro successful at Tinonee of late some of tho growers satisfied-but complaints are still very common that thore is neither market nor means of manufacture for a great deal of cane which the growers consider worth crushing. Wo aro assured, says the Maitland Mercury, by a farmer from tho neighbourhood of Muscle Creek that ho is in tho habit of successfully manufacturing his butter without churning, by the process recommended some months ago in a Queensland paper. His plan is this : Ho places the cream in a stout calico bag, and then puts this bag in an outer bag in order to keep it clean ; ho next digs a hole in tho ground about two feet deep, and buries tho bag of cream, leaving it for twenty-four hours, at tho end of which timo he finds it transformed into excellent butter, and completely separated from the butter- milk. The plan is so simple that our farmers would do well to give it a trial. The farmers upon tho Tuross complain of tho season being a heavy ono for them ; amongst other things, the uncommon wetness has produced so prolific a crop of weeds as to choke tho growth of tho husbandman's seed, and ho has boon compelled to turn seed and weeds under ns useless. For the last threo weeks tho weather at Blayney has been as fine as could be desired for the saving_ of hay crops, and tho shearing. But on tho 18th instant, there was a refreshing thunder shower, and appearances indicated nearness of rain. Shearing is being nearly conoluded, and wool growers estimate that tho dip will fully averago three pounds around of wool, got up in excellent condition. The farmers of Young aro somehow managing to got their wheat housed, though with difficulty. Green fodder of all kinds is abundant, and hopes are enter tained of good crops of maizo and late potatoes. Rust has made its appearance in the crops at Wheeo, and as tho wheat in that neighbourhood, as well as in Gullen and Grabben Gullen, ÍB very lato thore is reason to fear that much damage will bo done. Reaping has commenced about Narrawa and the Fish River, but the Wheeo correspondent of the Goulburn Herald thinks, even should the weather be favourable", it will bo two or tinco weeks before there will bo any fit to reap in that locality. Wo also learn that Australian gum arabic had obtained fair pricos during tho month, somo from Adelaide selling at 15s per cwt. Dry kangarooskins havo ako been in demand, middling selling at about ls 8d per skin. Sheep pelts from Melbourne havo sold at 12s per cwt. ; and Australian glue has been fetching dfd. Theso figures, in connection with a. few Aus tralian articles aro considered to show a healthy tone. 