GENERAL JNIEWiS. Mr. Justice Gwynne -was prevented by. illness from taking his seat at the Supreme Court on Wednesday morning. The Civil Sittings commence on Tues day next. They will be presided over by Mr. Justice Wearing;, and there are fifteen cases down for trial. Two cases of drunkenness, in which aboriginal natives were fined 5s. each, were the only business brough t before the Police Court this (Wednesday) morning. We learn that the Lake Albert Run, belonging to the Hon. John Baker, was seii ously injured by fire on Monday or Tuesday. All 'hefeed, we hear, has been destroyed, but the sheep, stockyards, and fences were saved. Wednesday morning's weather report from the interior is as follows:—" Strangways Springs, K., light, warm ; Gums, fine, clear ; Peake, S. E., fine, Clear; Charlotte , Waters, N.W,, fresh, very fine, clear; Alice Springs, calm, very fine ; Barrow's Creek, calm, fine, sultry. | On Tuesday the Coorong took for sale, { in Melbourne, on behalf of the Hon. J". Baker, Ffince of Darkness, a promising brown Colt by Lucifer out .'of Black Gipsy, by Fisherman out of old Gipsy, winner of a number of races in this colony. By the same vessel a grey Arab ! entire was also shipped for Mr. Baker. A letter from Bourke, dated February 26, says:—"The Darling is again falling very rapidly, and we fear tbe steamers will be again Btopped." A communication from Wentworthf, under date March 4, has the following"The last mail brings news from Bourke that the river is falling f ist there, and is' at about a standstill at Wilcannia," < It was reported at the Mounted Police • Barracks late on Tuesday night, March 5, that the body of a man named John Keane, of Gray street stonecarter, had been found between tho fourth and fifth mileposts on the Mount Barker road. It is supposed that deceased by some;; accident had .fallen rif his dray, and that the wheel had passed over him. The body was removed to the Vine Inn, Glen Osmond, where > an inquest was held on the following morning by Mr. Carrington Smedley, J. P. The evi dence showed that Keane was seen to be rather intoxicated, ami that he felt: from his dray. The wheel passed over his neck and dislocated it, thereby causing death. A, verdict of " Acci dental: deathV was accordingly leturned. A correspondent. has forwarded us a letter from an old South . Australian, who has settled in California, from, which we make the fpllowing extracts :—"Permit me to convey a warning to South Australian laborers as to coming to California in the hope of 'battering themselves.' Chinese labor is too plentiful and cheap. Seldom do I visit San Francisco with out seeing numerous arrivals from Australia, who, ere they have been many days on American-. •Bui>, wish themselves—and heartily—hack in the.. country of gum-trees and jumbacks. A. few weeks since I was speaking to a man, who was formerly in employment of Messrs. Brown, at Booboorowie (S.A.) He stated his intention as that of returning to Australia, preferring to live there, even though he made less money." The bazaar in connection with the We's leyan Church, Archer-street, held last week, realised about £89. '. On Tuesday, March 5, Mr. R. S. Kelly, J.P., held-".an inquest at the Highbury HbteJ, Highbury, on the body of a- man named Michael Naylan, who had died suddenly the previous day. Mr. G. Si Dordoy acted as fore man. The evidence showed that'deceased'had been for a long time in bad-health, and'thathis { death had been- accelerated by the heat of the-1 weather. The verdict " Died from natural { causes" was returned. - - -i In compliance with an advertisement ; in the Express, a blackfellowa' corroboree was held on the North Park Lands on Tuesday even ing. Some eight men, daubed over with whiten ing paste, danced to. the monotonous chant; qf four lubras. There was a lai ga number of spec tators, and the blacks seemed to get: a good many coppers. The exertion agpell'ed ra,ther violent for this weather, and the part of the spectators—or those of them who were to wind ward—was decidedly the most agreeable; ' The Kapunda Herald says " On Fri- ' day and Saturday an extensive bush'fire was. raging iu the Light Set ub. We hear that the owner of an adjoining settion was boiling some water in a billy in the open air, and afterwards, ;as he thought, totally, extinguished the fire; but ;hat a whirlwind passing over earned and fanned into life some of the not tjuifce dead embers, which, falling among-^the dry g asa, kindled the fire in the setub.": The same jour nal also mentions several fifer as 'having broken o'it on private premises in Kapunda, but . they were extinguished'befpre jiny great- amount of damage was done. -r- :J Early on Tuesday morning Mr. W. H. Bean, owner of the ship Joshua Bates,- loading at' Yankalilla; received a telegram from his1 agent (Mr. Wilke) at NorffianviU'e, stating that that vessel was on fire, and had been consider ably damaged. The cargo, which consisted of tallow and bark, was not then much injured. A telegram received in the evening stated that the forecastle, ropes, paints, tar. rigging,- &c.;, &c.;, were burnt, and the ship had had a narrow escape of being totally destroyed. -Mr. Wilke's opinion was that the - fire was the work of; an incendiary. Captain Dale, Surveyor for the' Marine Association, together with Mr. Bean, start this rhorniug for the scene of the disaster.' We understand the vessel is partly and the eargo fully insured in local and foreign offices. The first meeting of the. thirteenth session of the North Adelaide. Young Men's Society was held iu the cla^s-rooic on Tuesday, evening—the Rev. Jas. J- fferis, LL.B., Presi dent, in the chair. There:was.a good atten dance of members. The reports-showed that there were now 76 members, that the average attendance last session was 27, and tbe balance in hand was £2-5 9s. 6d. It was reported also that the Eclectic, the printed magazine of the Society, had proved very successful, there being only a trifling loss on the: whole session. A cordial vote of thanks was passed to the Editors for their, services. The election of officers was then proceeded with, with tbe following result: —Yice-Presidents, Mr. C. S. Leader and Mr. A. Pomeroy; Secretary, Mr. W. M. Phillips; Treasurer, Mr. H. F. Leader; Librarians, Messrs. G. Stace and It. Hutchinson ; Auditors, Messrs. E. P. Pilgrim and W. Shoobridgo ; and Editors of tbe Eclectic, Messrs. W. 0. Calder and W. L. Wyly. 