Agriculture, Pastoral, Weather and Crops. Afteh the fine fall of rain which we had in the Metropolitan district at the close of last week, we had fine but excessively hot weather. The heat on Tuesday and Wednesday was very great, and the nights gave no relief, for the perfect calmness of the atmosphere rendered them as oppressive as the days. Vegetation is everywhere most luxuriant, and the later fruits aie showing out atter the recent rainfall much finer in size and quality than the earlier speci mens, which were to a great extent stunt€u and sun smitten. The maize crop gives promise of great abundance, and, as far as we are able to judge from the accounts before us, the wheat harvest has been a very fair one— not bo abundant as it was expected tc^ be — in many places it has been even light, but the grain of fine quality, plump, and heavy, and in that, respect better than it has been for some years past. At Inverell, according to the Courier of 24th instant, the weather during the preceding week was uncomfortably warm,. Bain, too, has again fallen copiously. A very sharp storm, coming from the west, and lasting upwards of au hour,, visited Inverell on Monday last, the violence of the wind being such as to drive the rain through the smallest crevices, and almost to flood many of the dwellings. On Monday evening, the weather cleared up, and yester day morning broke fine; but about 6 p.m. the rain again came down, and continued to a. late houra Cobbora (says the Dubbo Dispatch of the 26th) has lately, and up to the present, been favoured with a plentitude of rain, doing justice to the corn. We were despairing of late,, not having rain sufficient to promise anything like a crop. Since the greatest fall of water three days since mosquitoes have been our hourly torments. At Orange (says the Examiner of Saturday,) during the week the district was beneficially visited with heavy rain, which whilst proving refreshing for a time has failed to dispel the great heat which prevails, but adds rather to its humid nature. The oppression seems to be universally felt. On Thursday heavy rain accompanied by hail, fell near Luck* now, but the storm did not touch this town. Heavy rain also fell on the previous day near Guyong. According to the Central Australian of the 24th, the weather at Bourke during the previous week has been such that persons of all tastes might have picked upon a day to their liking— Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, were very warm, but as will be seen elsewhere, Saturday was about the hottest day we have experienced this season; Sunday was but little -different to Saturday. On Monday, however, a decided change took place ; about 10 a.m. the rain commenced descending steadily, and, gradually increasing, about 12 o'clock came down in a perfect deluge, and continued, with but small intermission during the whole day. Yesterday, the sky wae overcast and occa sional showers fell. At the time of going to press there was little alteration in the appearance of the sky, giving but email hopes of clearing up. The Burrangong Argus of the 26th states -.—There has been a radical change this week in the weather. Bain com menced before midday on Monday, at first gently, but gradually increased in force, and fell steadily, and almost without intermisBion until Tuesday night. Wednesday was dull and showery. On Thursday it was very close, with an occasional roll of thunder, and a. smart Bhower fell in ther direction of the Gap. Yesterday afternoon there was some sharp thunder, and the rain fell in torrents for an hour or so, and afterwards subsided into a steady soaking down pour. The amount of good which will accrue to this district from the change can hardly be exag gerated. Those farmers having ia late potatoes and corn will stand a chance of Retting good crops, and the grass lands have received such a soaking as to dispel, with anything like average weather for the next couple of months, any anxiety for the winter grass. The Mareden oorrespsndent writes on the 23rd : — We hava at length got a change in the weather. On Sunday, heavy clouds were moving about, sometimes in dense masses, but they finally passed off without the much wished-for rain. Monday, however, saw a change. The rain commenced about 4 o'clock, with a smart thunder shower, which was. followed by light showers until about 5 p.m., when it set ia to rain steadily, and still continues up to the time of writing. The grass had begun to look very dull of late, and there has been scarcely anything green to be seen but theBathurst burr, which delightful plant grows luxuriantly here, but is far more pleasant to look at than to travel through. It is a mistaken notion for the lessees of runs to allow them to be destroyed by this pest,, which now fiouriehes in the place of the wild oat and bailey grass, and is every year increasing. At Gundagai (says the Tunes of Saturday) a welcome change has taken place in the weather during the present week, rain having set in on Monday and continued to fall' at intervals during the. succeeding days. This seasonable supply of moisture will rejoice the hearts of farmers ana graziers, will replenish and freshen the water in creeks and waterholes, and will do good service in extinguishing tha numerous buBh fires that have been raging iu various quarters. It cannot, however, be said that the close muggy days we have lately had are much pleasanter than the great heat which preceded them. On Thursday afternoon a heavy Bhower fell, and on Friday afternoon the sky pre sented a very ominous and portentous aspect. Sable masses of clouds came drifting up the Murrumbidgee, obscuring the hills in their passage, and encountering other heavy clouds which were driving in an opposite direction. Tha result was a great storm— crashing peau of thunder, vivid flashes of lightning following each other in quick succession, and a perfeot deluge of ram, The Crookwell correspondent of the Goulburn EeroU 27tu writes :— Heaping having terminated and the grain being well secured, our agriculturists are delighted to receive a plentiful downpour of rain. Such a splendid harvest season has not been known for a long period. The raia began to fall on Monday evening, and has continued wittt little intermission for two days. The crop of potatoes i aily wanted the downfall, and the land to be prepared »r future cultivation had similar need. The waterholes ffw j be full, and there will be a fresh spring in the grass, i I regret to report that that fatal disease among cattle, pleura- , pneumonia, has appeared in this district. Mr. JoM I Broderick has lost, I am informed, ten head. Several or. e the farmers are inoculating, to prevent the progress of tte disease. I fancy that this is the only remedy appu*u Surely some active drug might be used as a drench. -- have heard that when a tonic is indicated, half an ounce ot the following solution every eight hours is serviceable:— Sulphate of copper, one part; water, feur parts? dissolve, and add ammonia untij it begins to PJe' cipitate. This is a simple remedy, and worth a triaU : By the Wagga Advertiser, 24th, it is reported -£*« on Monday there was a most welcome change in the weather, which tor some time had been almost insupportably net. The greater part of the day was close but clondy, *&&y-;? ?, wards evening a heavy rain commenced to fall w''^ continued for some hoars. Yesterday was fair, but «e* lightfully cool in comparison with our recent experiences* , and there are signs of more rain. Besides putting a bwp i - to the bush-fires which seemed to threaten Wagga wj'j the fate of Chicago, this seasonable change «'* do an immensity of good to the district. The vigneroBB , are particularly delighted with it, as tney *»{ :? may be, for we are assured that it * ^ put some hundreds of pounds in their P'^1^. - 'i The Bey Standard, 24th, reports :— Last Wednesday *™- -, excessively close and hot in the forenoon— afternoon *»«? j \ blew strongly from the westward until evening, when it hilled, and rain feel gently, which continued at intervals through the night, Thursday was a pleasant bright day. Friday was hot. Saturday hot and close, a slight thunder shower fell, which did not lighten the oppressiveness of the atmosphere. Sunday a hot wind blew until Monday, when a favourable change took place, the wind chopped round to southward, and a slight shower fell, the thermo meter dripping from 90 degrees (at which it stood' all night) to 80 degrees in the shade. Yesterday was a particularly agreeable day. From Ten-mile Creek, a correspondent of the Albury Ban fur, on the 26th, writes:— We nave had a most agreeable change in the weather since the last few days, which has keen welcomed by all, as the previous hot weather was Tery oppressively felt, besides causing a large amount of sickness, but the few dull days we have had nave brought people round to their wonted state of health. A consider able quantity of rain fell, which will have the effect of owing a spring in the grass, and also stop any bush fires we may. have in future. The Cooma Qtuette of the 21th has the following:— At Buckley's Crossing-place, the weather between the 4th and 18th has been very hot, the thermometer ranging from 90 to 96 degrees in the shade, and from 115 to 120 degrees in the sun. Bain in very much required here. Bush fires are raging all round, caused by malicious persons setting fire tothe grass, or thoughtless men dropping matches after lighting their pipes, and not seeing them properly put out Some of the wheat paddocks have bad very narrow escapes of being destroyed through this cause. The wheat crops all through this part look very well indeed, and I do not lhink I shall bettor out when I say they will average from twenty to twenty- five bushels to the acre. The river, consequent upon the dry weather we have lately had. is lower than it has been for some tune. At Jindabyne, with the exception of a few showers of rain, the weather during this week has been very fine and warm. Harvesting is progressing favourably; and though the wheat on a few farms is slightly affected by the rust, still nearly all (he settlers expect a fair return this season. Grass is abundant, and greatly refreshed by the few gnawers we have had lately ; cattle and sheep never looked better, and our stockowners wQl be able shortly to forward some prime cattle to the Gippsland market. From Cooma it is reported by the Monaro Mercury, 27th instant,— At length we have been favoured with a desirable and much needed change in the weather. In the upper part of the district, considerable rain must have fallen m Saturday, as on Saturday night, Cooma Creek was very much swollen. On Monday morning, the weather in Cooma was oppressively warm ; in the afternoon, appearance of a change was observed, and the rain commenced to fall lightly: after sunset, it poured down steadily and con tinuously for some hours. Since that time, the weather has been agreeable and cool, and the country is resuming the verdant appearance it bore not long since. The Boolong correspondent of the Kiama Independent says :— About this time last year we were sadly in want of good dry weather, and many were the exolamations ' When shall we get fine weather P. ' Well, we undoubtedly have got it at last, and I fancy we have it pretty 'tropical' too. During the past fortnight the thermometer has shown itself up to 112 degrees in shade, and never lower than 68 degrees, and then only for a short time. In fact, it is so hot as to be quite dangerous to have to turn out at midday. Our farmers take early morning and evening for their labour, and I think they act wisely. Sinoe the above was written we have had a very fierce storm of wind and rain, attended by lightning and thunder. The wind may be termed a southerly burster, and came with great violence, blowing down a great deal of maize; but, luckily, our farmers think it will not be seriously damaged. With the wind came the rain, and for the greater part of Monday night it rained unceasingly. Tuesday broke rather cloudy, but with a change in the atmosphere from 101' to 62. No wonder people catch cold bo frequently when such sudden changes occur. . Our maize is looking better ; and now that 'cobbing' is going on, we anticipate (bar accidents) au overflowing harvest Potato digging is now in great rage, and, from what I can learn, the yield is very fair oonsider Bg the drawbacks it had to contend with Borne time since. The latest information from Armidale {Empress, 27th) states that on the previous Tuesday there was one of the heaviest falls of rain that has been known in that locality for a long period. The supply of moisture will now be ample, and under its effects vegetation is everywhere flourishing. The Braidwood Monitor of the 80th says :—' After three days' steady rain, it again cleared up, and Friday morning was splendid up to 1 o'clock, when a storm gathered, and the sky quickly became overcast, and a shower, lasting from 4 to 6 o'clock, fell. Saturday and Sunday were fine hot days, and Monday extremely so. In the afternoon, . however, we were visited 'by another thunderstorm, which rendered the atmosphere cooL' At Queanbeyan, acoording to thereof Tuesday, the late excessively hot weather -was succeeded on Monday by very heavy rain, whioh quickly flooded the rivers, and for a season delayed traffic. The rain, whioh has /been general throughout Ihe colony, has continued until now (Wednesday even ing). The rainfall will be productive of much good. The Crookwell correspondent of the Goulburn Herald on the 29th writes :— The threshing-machines are separating the precious grain from the straw. In every direction the utmost activity is employed. Last week the heavy rains of first few days, and occasional showers of the latter portion of the week, materially hindered the operations. It is to be regretted that so many farmers negleot the erection of weather-proof sheds, for in many instances the rain has pnetrated the thatohing of the stacks, and more or less injury has been done. As the threshing progresses, it is discovered that the average yield in the district will be lighter than expected— probably fifteen bushels per acre will be the utmost that is realised. Weather is now fine, and many of the farmers are taking advantage of the late rains to put in the plough. The Button Forest district has been blessed with a fine rainfall, which has freshened the vegetation, allayed the clouds of dust, and purified the air. Last Tuesday the weather was so cold as to render a fire pleasant towards evening. The weather is still cloudy, with every appearance of more rain. 