Farming and Gardening. NOTES ON FARMING. Ttlu abundant growth of grass this season has brought with it a danger that must not be lost sight of ; it will be guessed that the bushfire is the farmers' imminent enemy. The five days of hot winds of last week had fully prepared the grass as food for fire, and even the green leaves of trees had turned brown, and could be crumpled in the hand. What was so lively a covering for our paddocks and plains only a week previously, at the end of the fifth day was converted into combustible material. The late sprinklings of rauin have only deferred the danger by cooling the bottom of the scorched up grass, and a second trial of the sun's heat will bring the low-lying flats very much under its inlluence. Opportunity should be taken to clear away all rubbish around corn-fields not lit for the reaping machine, if the precaution of plough. nlg some furrows has not been observed. The rick yards should have esplecial attention, and all rough grass aild weeds should be Ilmowvn land raked off. It is a good plan to keep the home paddocks well grazed with live stock, and in laying out new places, to have the orchanl gar den aind vineyard placed so as to surround the house. Burning of the grass before stacking is often done, but this year the grass would only just now burn. The plough is also a p?opular ail to arrive at safety from the approaching bush fire. Hatrvest having now fairly commenced, we may suggest a little extra care in the cleaning of the wheat for market; the winnowing uma chine is the best implement, but a fan can be made of very simple construction. This ih liettey than trusting to the uncuontrollable and uncertain winds. The proper wheat sieves should also be procured. A machine could be got by means of co-operation if the expense were an object to an individual farmer. The extra price obtained for Swell-dressed wheat would soon pay for a win nowing nmachine, if the amount were rot saved in the celerity of the operation. Very rlluch time, however, would be saved. The dilfference in a prairie.grass paddock and one of ryc-grass and clover has been fully shown during thle late hot weather; while the latter grasses have given up almost ulnder tihe tyraniny of Old Sol-who, by the bye, hats this season taken upon himself very great fits of severity prairie has held its own,cool-looking, green, alnd lively, and is a very nice bite for cattle at this moment. This is owing to the extensive hold its roots have upon the groundi-striking deeply, and runnlilg a long distance across. Lucerne I also is throwing up it useful yolung grass, that will make it valuable presently, if the hleat lIsts. At the rolper seasons for sowlinlg we tiruiy remlilld our readers of the good qualities of these grasses. We should like very much to see the native krn garoo-grass fairly tried on cultivated ground; it would lpartake of the good qualities of the prairie grass, and, probably, beilg indigentours, would bIe ait imllprovement. Our farmlers should cleave to the excellent grasses only in so severe a climate as that of Victoria generally, and in the favoured spots there would always be superiority. The hot season is almost preventive of the alllking of butter on Ia smllll scaIle, anld very much against cheese. Tihe chief reason'is the want of proper appliances and cool buildings. It would seemn, now that the prices have frillen consider. ably, that the best article alone will pay, and this is to be arrived at in most cases by co-ope ration. rMr. Itiddell has adopted this plan in conjunction with several of his neighbours with regard to cheese, atnd tihe export of butter has suggested to others to try the co-operative prin ciple. It is not generally known that grown Iarley, or malt, home-made, is a first-class feed for stock, or else barley would be mork generally grown. Old horses revel in such easily digested food. With more butter and cheese.making, there wiould he more pigs to eat the refuse buttermilk and whey, and this would form a profitable item in the company's revenue , with grown barle3 dried, or farmers' " nalt," as all assistance, tlfe bacon mnade would be considerable. 