WALL A BO O: WEDNESDAY. JAN. 24. The meiubers of the Blyth Cabinet charged themselves with » duty, addi tional to the soqiewhat multifarious oueB that they had previously undertaken. During the recent recess they occupied theqiselyesf not in the preparation of measures that would benefit South Aus tralia, but in the manufacture of Borne novel and peculiar theories on Constitu tionaljsm, Students of these will not be much surprised to find that as far as the unfortunate colony was concerned, the policy of. a late Treasurer was to be car ried out. There was to be a good round swinging loan, as -a financial stopgap. This was Mr Abthub Blyth and Captain Habt's beau ideal of statesmanship. The Stbangways Ministry, stupid and anti quated as its members were, tried pain« fully to be economical ; but they were men a century behind the times they lived in, The model Treasurer of the day is one like Mr Arthur Blyth,' or Gaptain Habt, who will always be pre« pared to go in for a trifling loan of a quarter of a million or so. This we may describe as the real policy of the Bltth Cabinet; but its members aspired to some thing-higher than apolicy. They wanted to leave their mark upon the age they live in, and to be looked upon by polit cians yet in their cradles, or yet unborn, as colonial Hallams, Mays, and Öroug hams. As far as it is possible to judge, the Attorney-General and the Commissi, oner of Crown Lands were the principal expounders of the new creed, although it would .probably* be an injustice to other members of the Ministry to exempt them from responsibility in the matter. All this added considerably to the interest with which the political careers of the Attorney- General and the Commissioner of Crown Lands were watched. Both gen tlemen reminded us considerably of the man at the dinner party who preserved Iiis reputation for being a gentleman as long as he preserved silence, but when he essayed to join in conversation, his speech betrayed him. The Attorney-General entered the House with a high reputa tion as a young lawyer who would make his* way in Jähe colony. Place and pay were his ruin. Following closely up on the heels of his ill-judged and pre posterously absurd electioneering address there was Iiis speech in the House on Friday—perhaps the most unfortunate one every delivered in the Assembly. The recollection of the extraordinary gyration In politics by which the leader of the Op position became a lieutenant in the Min isterial ranks might have died away, but who can again plaoe confidence in the young man whose speech on Friday blossomed with what in Courts jof law are termed libel and slander ? Mr Mask may abuse Mr Boucaut to his heart's content, and Mr Townsend can attempt to defame t'.ie character of Mr H. Kent Hughes to the best of his limited ability ; that is not the point to which we direct attention. Mr Mann said Mr Boucaut ; was not, after his Mbonta Mine Validating experiment, a proper person to be sent for by His Ex cellency, and take a leading part in a new Ministry. Mr Townseïïd also referred to Mr Hughes's antecedents, and said he was not the man the Ministry could re commend the Governor to pend for. This revealed the new theory which these two distinguished statesmen were attempting to graft on ConstitutionalGovernmet. If it he right, for the future the existing Minis try will he custodians of Ministerial honor and probity. Where they might keep these we do not venture to say—possibly in the Treasury safe, with Mr Reynold's famous nest egg, and the unexpended balance? of the colony. The innovation might ! or might not be an improvement ; but j what we wish to clearly explain is that it j was an innovation. Hitherto it has not 1 been considered the duty of Her Majesty's Ministers to provide that their successors should be morally gems peur, sans reproche. Members of the Blyth Ministry, stand ing upon some high ..moral pinnacle of virtue, required that ' their successors I [ should also be morally as well as politi Citfly qualified for the places theyfcou&'it. \ What a virtuous country this promises to become At the first view of the case the reflec tion will naturally strike most persons that the new idea would not work yery well, or be in harmony with existing ar rangements. A majority of hon. members J met and chose one of their number to move j a vote of want of confidence. The vote wás carried, but it was to be rendered of no effect because Mr Mann and Mr T0WK8END did not think the j mover- to be a proper man for the Premiership. A large majority of hon, members had supported Mr Boucaut, but Mr Mann could not forget this j Moonta case,and he thought that Mr Bou- j CAUT should not be the coining man. But, we would ask, was not this conduct of the j Ministers slightly impertinent and insult-1 ing ? Surely it smacks of insult to tell a majority of the -House that their recog- i nised leader is morally unfitted for the position he is placed in. Whatever Mr Townseîtd's opinion in the matter may i be, we hold that it is an impertinence to tell the 1902 electors who returned Mr Hughes that their representative is unfit to be a Minister. Moreover, there is something very absurd and illogical about the reniarkB of both Ministers. If Mr Hughes was unfitted to be'a Minister on the ground that Mr Towns end puts for ward, .he was, unfit during the whole of the time he was Treasurer. If he be un fitted in consequence of his dealiugs with the. National Bank, 4s shewn .before a Select Committee, so also was Captain Habt, as shown by the Committee, but of whom Mr Towxsend was a sup porter. If, too, Mr Boucaut, ought not to have been sent for by His Excel lency, Mr Mann was deserving of cen sure as being a member of a Ministry which had recently advised that he should be sent for. Surely the members of the Assembly could not place con fidence in a Ministry composed partly of the two gentlemen we have been speci ally alluding to. Whatever action the members of the Blyth Cabinet, in theirwisdom, mighthave thought proper to take respecting the vote of the House taken on Friday, it would be impossible ever to review their conduct on constitutional grounds, without accord ing to it the strongest condemnation. Even if they did take the only course open to them consistent with the posses sion of the very smallest modicum of self respect—that of tendering their resigna tions—by holding office twelve hours after the hostile vote, they offended against the rule put forward in the well known lines " If it were done, when *t is done, then 't were well it were done quickly-." There cannot be anything dig nified about hanging on to office until dragged off by main force. What a Min istry with one ounce of spirit amongst its five members would have done, was to announce that such a resolution m Mr Boucaut's would be considered tanta mount to a vote of want of confidence, and would be acted upon as such. The Ministry, be it remembered, as its defend ants were constantly affirming, did not go to the country on the Land Question, the Education Question or any other, save and except that of their noble selves.' They boasted constantly that the voice of the country had been uninistakeably with them, and that they gained largely in strength by the course they adopt ed. Then, the first day the Parlia ! ment assembled, a motion was carried by I nineteen votes to thirteen, expressing dis* approbation with their conduct in advis ing the dissolution. What stronger ex pression of opinion could be desired. What, we may ask, would be the conduct of a Ministry in the. British House of Commons, if thus censured ? Would Mr Gladstone hold office if his opponents were able to command such a majority against him on the only question of his policy really before the country ? Every one knows lie would not. It would clearly have been impos sible for the Blyth Ministry to have carried on the business of the country with only nine adherents to be depended upon in the hour of difficulty, even if the programme submitted had been much more tempting than i| was. Paragraphs two and three iij His- Excellency's speech, referred to the Overland Tele graph line, which certainly will cost double the sum that was estimated for it, will not be finished in the contract time, and will, ii is more and inore clear, be of doubtful utility during that time of the year when tropical storms prevails. Paragraph four alluded to the gold dis coveries made in the province, which as. yet have proved to be of little consequence' if we except the strong probability that every oa. of gold raised has cost at least £10. Paragraph six was calculated j to give a very different idea to that formed | from the financial statements made by thé j late Treasurer. As it alludes to estimates to be furnished, all we can say is that either the late Treasurer, who was the ' Premier of the present Ministry, made a worse bungle of affairs than lie was credit ed with, or Mr Blyth was attempting to impose on the credulity of colonists. Para graph seven alluded to the consolidation of the .Public Debt ; and No. eight told of ,a prospective loan amounting to £310,000 of which, ás usual, not one penny piece was to be devoted to Peninsula interests. Paragraph nine promised some very much needed economy in Northern Territory matters,which we do not believe there was any probability the late Ministry would have .tried to cany into effect. The next paragraph ' must have been intended for a joke, as it promised the repeal of Su therland's Act—a farce that is annually performed. Then there was to be an Edu cation Bill, and also Land Bill No. 3 of the late Government.- When we call to recol lection the somewhat lengthy oratory when previous Land Bills were introduced, and also remember that the Government was in a decided minority is the House, the •, ho pej .expressed in the speech that this •great question might be "speedily settled," seemed rather to spring from that charity which we are told hopeth all things, than from any reasonable prospect of the speedy settlement taking place. Moreover, when these one or two minor affairs were dis posed of, then the Ministry proposed to pass an Insolvency Bill, an Electoral Bill and introduce again the Koad Bill, which the late Assembly declined even to dis cuss. Every one reading the above must be aware that even if the Ministry had been as strong as when, the last session was commenced, there was not the slightest probability of such a programme as the one introduced being carried out. For a» Ministry that could only command about one-third of the votes in the House to pretend that so much would be at tempted was a sign of either madness or foolhardiness. The current number of the Government. Ga zette contains the announcement of the agricul tural area of Penton "Vale, Yorke's Peninsula. Ik the House of Assembly, on Friday, Messrs Barrow, Glyde, Pearce and Oottrell, were elected, by ballot, a Court for the trial of disputed returns by Returning Office ra. Several cases of sunstroke have been reported during the past week. On the Peninsula we are glad te say, but trifling injury has at present re sulted from this terrible evil. We have Uwn requested to direct attention to the sa'e this day, by Mr J. Beer, jun., of the val uable household furniture and effects, the pro perty of Mr J. Lane, at the Telegraph Office, MoontA. A singular accident unfortunately attended with fatal results, occurred at Mount Lofty last week. A little boy, who was carrying his father's dinner, was found dead, it was supposed in consequence of wounds inflicted on his throat from pieces of a bottle broken in a fail that the little fellow had. Hither in consequence of the unusual demand or because of the shortness of supply, there is on the Peninsula a scarcity of water experienced. In Wallaroo it is being certed, and on the Wallaroo Minan considerable inconvenience has been exper ienced. THE usual agitation at this season of the year has set in respecting the lighting of the streets of Aflâlwdft with gas during the winter months. As in previous seasons there is a party which prefers darkness, probably for the reason assigned for such preference in olden times. The weather was excessively hot at Port Wal laroo on Saturday and Sunday, but in the after noon of the latter day a pleasant change was ex perienced^ the wind veering round to the S.W. ßince then slight showers have fallen, and the at mosphere has been pleasantly cool. The Guilford correspondent of the Mount Alexander Mail writes that diphtheria has again broken out in the district. One entire family have been smitten, every available remedy tried, and English and e\en Chinese doctorscalled into effect a recovery. The steamer with the South Australian portion of the English Mail will leave Glenelg on Wed nesday next, consequently letters and newspapers intended for transmission by it from the Peninsula must leave not later than Tuesday morning. We shall publish our summary, as usual, on Satur day. It will be seen by a reference to our business columns that the Anatomical Museum, of Dr. L. L. Smith, Melbourne, being exhibited in this colony by Mr S. L. Barnard, will be on view this week on the Peninsula. The exhibition is highly spoken of," and as Dr. L. L. Smith is a legally qualified medical man, it is free from all taint of quackery. The Australasian says :—" The most serious difficulty which has arisen out of the deficiency of water, was tliat represented by a deputation (con sisting of the sufferer hiuiself) to the Minister of Public Works. This unfortunate was the hon the Speaker, who (terrible to relate) had been obliged to shave himself in sodawater. The Pastoral Times " regrets to hear that the late destruction by fire of the Hon, Wm. Camp bell's flock of sheeo (5,000 in number), has had the effect of im paring the mini of the superinten dent of the station (Mr Turner), who has ¿J?en eent to Melbourne to be treated for the disease These bush-fires have, in many oases, proved most damaging ; and we are afraid that only a few of the dreadful incidents attending these fms reach the public ear." > \ As considerable attention hag been directed to a ■lçtter, signed Reuben > Gill, that appeared in the Advertiser, last Thursday, in which it was stated > that the writer was discharged frotn his work in consequence of the action > he took during the elec tion in support of Mr Quin, we state, in authority, > that Mr Reuben Gill was not discharged from his work at the Moonta Mines. He > left his pitch, which was not worked out, voluntarily. Some curiosity will be felt, we should imagine, to read the draft of the address to be presented in ' reply to the speech of His Excellency. The Hon A. Blyth and Mesera Stevenson, West, Cotterell and Simms were the Committee appointed a ~Minint-.nr and four staunch ministerialists. * Kr Boucaut's amendment instructed this Committee to embody in the reply a paragraph informing TTia Excellency that the House disapproved of the action of the Government in reference to the re cent dissolution. The half-yearly report and balance sheet of the Paramatta Mine lias been published, by which it appears that the quantity of ore produced during the half-year has been 1,310 tons, and the quan tity sent away 1092 tons ; also four tons of mun dio. The mundic,we understand, is used in Vic toria, in the separation of the precious metal from qnartz, pyrites, &c.; The Captain of the Para matta expects to be able to raise about 200 tons of 16 per cent, ore monthly ; and at the Mine 110 persons find employment. The expenditure dur ing the half year has been £5,075 in labor ; and the total amount reached £7,758. The grow pro ceeds realized from the sale of ore has been £91,409 and seven dividends have been paid which amounted to £25,000. Considerable interest attaches at the present tjmft to thé discovery made by Mr Inspector Gil mour, of the Queensland Native Mounted Police, of romains supposed to be those of Ijeichardt, the explorer, or those of some members of his party, j Mr Gilmour commenced hie journey—a second ! one—£n Sept. 1871, taking with him a dray, twenty-eight horses, and two troopers. From Brisbane be made his way to lat. 24 and long. 140—north of Stu'rte' Stony Desert, and slightly west from Cooper's Creek. There he found the remains of several skeletons, and also, fragments of European clothing, ornaments made of goat's hair, human hair of an auburn color, &c.; He also saw two European sheep dogs. The natives told him that four white mea were killed in the locality several years ago, and also, three others not very far distant. Little doubt is entertained that tho remains are those of Leichardt's party. The town correspondent of the Bunyip says that " in the last number of the Guardian Mr Ward announces that he proposes to make some important changes during the next few weeks. These changes, though not explained, are under stood to be the removal of the plant from Clare to Adelaide. It appears that the hon. gentleman finds it very inconvenient to keep the paper in Clare, and so proposes to come to town. How he will Buooeed remains to be seen. This will make the third time that the place of the publication of this paper has been changed." A correspondent writing from Sunbury send« the following During the heavy thunder storm which occurred on Tuesday morning, at about half past 12, the electric fluid entered the Telegrrph-offioe, Sunbury, and destroyed the wires, and the guttapercha covorings in which they were encased were set on fire, and but for the presence of mind and promptitude in action of Mr William Fi tz patrick, the operator, the total destruciion of the station, the stationmaster's apartments and the refreshment-rooms attached, must inevitably have taken place. Mr Fitzpat rick who was sleeping in the office, was thrown eut of bed by the shock, and the bedstead (iron) was turned right over. Seeing the office enveloped in flames, he at once used his blankets, and in a short time extinguished the fire. As it fortunately happened, very little damage was sustained." A very huge native bear waa shot by a Mel bourne gentleman on Mr Sherriñ's property at Birregurra, on Thursday, which took a good deal of killing. 1 When first seen Bruin waa on one of the lower branches of a large gum tree. The gentlemen, who had his gun loaded with dnck shot, fired and hit the bear very hard, but Btuin held on like grim death, and after recover ing the shock, climbed higher up. Fifteen times was he shot at, and fifteen times did he climb after being hit, until he had almost got to the top of the tree, when he could ding no longer, and down he came in a lump. On being measured it was found that from snout to rump he was 2ft. 7in. long, and so tough his hide and firm his flesh that the Bhot had only just penetrated through his outward covering. It is not an every-day occurrence (remarks the Braid »»ood Monitor) that we hear of a lady pre senting her liege lord with what may bo termed au ordinary family at a birth, thereto»© w© may be excused in publishing the fact otherwise than in ¿he ordinary way. Mrs Robert Backhouse,, of the Clyde road, Neiligen, presented he* husband with a New Year'e gift by an addition of thre© beautiful boys to their family circle. The mother and her sons, we are happy to state, are doing well. Mrs Backhouse, who has not reached her fortieth year i& now the mother of eighteen children. The father of this large family has a email fern off the Clyde road» and we should advise him by all means to free select, or pro bably his possessions may not be sufficiently large enough for his increasing family. Mr Giyde took the opportunity, on Friday, in the House of Assembly, to remind the late Trea surer and Prämier, of the somewhat ignominious position he occupies in the representation of Gumeracha* Notwithstanding the many years Mr Blyth has been one of the members for Gumerocha, at the recent election Mr Ward was returned at the head of the poll,, and, it has been asserted that but for Ebenezer's. oaréful coaching, the Premier would have been defeated. Mr Giyde directed the attention of the House to the fact that on the return of the writ Mr Ward's name appeared after that of Mr Blyth, instead of before, as should have been the case. Mr Ward modestly remarked that as his constituents had given him the position of senior member, he in tended to maintain and uphold it as fa- as he could. He, it would appear, intended to bring the matter before the House, although, apparently, it arose merely from a blunder made by the Returning Officer. A storm of wind and rain lately passed over a portion of New South Wales, followed by an un precedented fall of huge pieces of ice. The Quean bey an Age says that a Mr Malone was at the time driving his stage coach towards Goulbura, and providentially- kept in the rear of the storm. He himself saw a vast number of detached pieces of incredible size, many of their number being indi vidually large enough to fill an ordinary iron bucket. Fortunately the country is not so much occupied in the locality of this extraordinary storm or the consequences must have been more des tructive than they were. Where the Btorm did pass over cultivated lands it left nothing undes trored. The bark of the trees in many instances was terribly torn and stripped, and many trees torn up by the roots. The jagged massive lamp« of ice for a long time afterwards remained undis solved on the ground. Our Kadina correspondent writes ;—*' The ex cessive heat of the last fortnight has not failed to produce instances, in our township, of those ser« iojs consequences which we hear "reported as hav ing been caused in other districts. On last Satur day occurred the death of one-of our most highly respected minera-—Mr F. Mitchell, who had been ailing but a brief time, from the pSects of last week's heat. His sudden death caSt a complete gloom ever the usually busy throngs which fre quent our township on a pay-daynight He had won, by his sober and industrious habits, ti» re spect and esteem of all who had come into contact with T»«™—whether in public or priwte matters. The townfolks haw lost in him a useful member of society, and the Mines an honest and intelligent miner ; his funeral, which was largely attended, took place on Sunday afternoon. The members of the Kadina Amateur Dramatio Club, purpose giving two entertainments, on the 7th aud 14th of next month, in aid of the widow and family of the late Mr Pearson; and we hope the sympathy so genially expressed in behalf of the bereaved, will practically manifest itself on these occasiùns. The formers are actively engaged bringing their wheat into the market? since the commencement ot the season a large supply of this produce has been disposed of to the JLadinaiMill. The où®* ber of teams daily arriving gives our little Town» ship very much the appearance of a thriving agri cultural emporium. The members of the Blyth Ministry, sorely against their inclinations we may fce certain, ten dered their resignations to His Excellencyon Saturday, and on Monday morning the new men were sworn in as follows :—Chief-Steeretafy, the Hon. H. Ayers, Attorney-General, the Hon. J. P. Boocaut, Treasurer, the Hon. H.K. Hughes, Commissioner of Crown üands, the -Hon.5 35. H« Derrington, and Commissioner of PublicWorks, the Hon. J. Bamsay. On Monday ^af&rnoon; a telegram was received at this office, to this , above effect. Generally the change will be (viewed,»ith favor on the Peninsula, although it is difficult to imagine bow Messrs Derrington and Bàmsay can be considered elements of strength in tíio combi nation. But on looking through the list of the members it .will be seen, that the choice of the Cabinet makers was a limited one. Beport does not say whether the services of Messrs G-lyde or Cavenagh were available, though doubtless the position the former gentíemen took in'.re gard to the Land Question has rendered it diffi cult for htm to find colleagues in the House. Messrs Bi ldöch and Angas would not we suppose care about office i perhaps Mr Beynolds* service» were not available j - whilst his colleague ^r.É wr urd, would not assist the Cabinet to any appreci able extent more than Mr Bamsay. Both of our town contemporaries say that Mr Hughes was " sent" for by His Excellency ; but the Ministry will be regarded as that of the Hon-H. Ayers. We presume that the new Ministry will make the session as short as possibly, but thé work of com piling the Estimates will necessarily -be one of tiny» for the new Treasurer as well as of diffi culty. * . Of the political situation the Gumeracha Guar dian says '" We know, of course, that » desper ate attempt—fast becoming a despairing one if w® judge die signs of the times aright—is being mads by the old and disappointed opposition toindue» an immediate renewal of orisis-mongering tactics immediately the Houbb re-asfeembles.. But unless a majority of the new members lend themselves to this arrant factiousness—a mere struggle forplacw without the smallest regard to political principle» or the actual requirements of thé country—it la evident the conspiracy cannot succeed.! " Of the' old members returned bs we - have repeatedly pointed out the gain is entirely with the Goïern eaen*. Oí the twenty who rated for Mr Glyde's asking the Governorto dismiss his Minis ^enoojy eight have been returned, while of- the ry*Yf. recorded theirvotes gainst MrG4yde» eighfc iiave regained their seats, only one-—Mr Coglfa—being defeated Sir Geo. Kingston make* up tho seventeen old members returned, and as suming that he «ill again occupy the Speaker*» nlmir the oonteoding partie» will be exactly bal anced so far-a* old members are ,concerne<L It being apparent therefore that the ooa^tiy iaa in this respect, by the gain it has given the Ministry condemned the Opposition webave the right ta suppose that the new members, with whom fchfr KnUr.r« of power clearly lies,'and who are we have pointed out entirely untrammelled by the fac tiousness of the past session, will accept the verdict of the country, resist ailth» efforts of mere crisis mongers and place-hunters, and apply themselves, with diligence and impartiality ta the consideration of the many measures of Beform bo urgently re quired. This certainly is what the country ex pects of them, and there ought to be .no. v»Ud rea son for doubting that they will fulfil the expecta tion,*1 Thb Ballarat Star says that "-an idea that lia» been formerly expressed in régard to the sup posed intention of the German Government to found a colony in the South Seas .has again ob tained currency" in a very definite shape during the last day or two. in connexion with the visit of the Nymphe. Some of those persons who can always see very much further than 'other people see this plainlythe Nymphe ia going to Fiji to join the Hertha,; commanded by Commodore Kohler,. sailing from. Japan, and the Elizabeth, from Bio de Janeiro, when the squadron will have an'effective force of 1,200 men. Steps will then be taken to proclaim the authority of tho Emperor Wilhelm, and to annex the dominion» of King Cakobau to the German Empire, the position of his Majesty in the Imperial Council being prabably a matter for subsequent arrange ment." Tas. necessary preliminary steps hare been taken in Sandhurst, for the erection of »¿large aud handsome theatre hy a public company* it is proposed to issue 20,000 £1 shares, and to call up 10s per share which is expected to be nearly sufficient to carry «out the work. The site of the new theatre will be in Williamson-street opposite the Shamrock Hotel. The theatre is to be one of the handsomest in the colony, and will be arranged for the comfort and convenience of a large audience^ The pjoposition íb already so favorably received that almost the required num ber of applications for Bhares ha^e. been made., j Messrs Hefiernan and Crowley, of the Shamrobk Hotel, will hold nearly one-third of the shares in. ■ the new company. We learn from the; Geelong Evening Times thathis worship the major has expressed a stern determination to pat down immorality in the town over whose destinies and dinners lie lias the happiness to' preside. - He must he a bnwe and great-hearted man who would undertake such an Herculean task single-handed. Cleansing the Angean stablës must have been an eas.v job in comparison. Wa do not even find that he will accept anyasaistanee in his self-imposed labours ; not even a 41 bobby " is mentioned as being called on to lend a hand; so that when immorality in Sleepy Hollow haa been quite knocked on the Itead, it will be recorded to Iiis worship'« honor that "átono he did it." But unfortunately for liiá chances of speedy success, immorality, when put down in one direction, has a disagreeable habit of popping up in another.. Experience •hows that in erery society there is always a cer tain quantity of what we may call " floating fice," . which, if "not allowed, to, run in its ordinary, chan nels, will seek others, for itself. The morbid hiimotaris ofthebody politic, if checked in their diBcbarge outwardly. are drÎFen inwards and poi son the ;whole system. ^Ijjjor : instance, Stockholm is so Tirtuoas that such a thing as a house of ill feme is unknown within her borders, but in no city of Europe íb chastity so little honored, the .social disease., the outward symptoms of which have bfeen suppressed, having attacked nearly eVfery honsehold and entirely permeated society. It íb the same with otherthings. You may shut apthe Varieties, and the. Oriental or Continental Cafe, but its short-coated waitresses will open its doors. Both of these establishments having been suppressed, we may be sure that those «bo took delight in the intellectual pleasures which they afforded their patrons : have suited themselves elsewhere, xnay -be, in some way even less favor Abletonrbie.---^xgoB, 