INTERCOLONIAL. VICTORIA. The first duty paid to the Victorian Govern ment for goods crossing the Murray was the sum of £12 on a cargo of red gum. An invention for the prevention of bush-fires is being exhibited by a Mr. Morton. The Nubia took out 13.000 sovereigns and nearly 100,000 ounces in gold. Austin, the secretary of' the Alfred Hospital, has been arrested as a defaulter. The dividends of the Sandhurst mines ex ceeded the calls last year by £152,546. A miner was killed at the Golden Gully' claim, Sandhurst, last Monday night. > The building in course of erection for the new beetroot sugar company at Anakies is pro gressing satisfactorily. - An attempt to defraud shippers of wheat, ' by substituting a very inferior quality in the bulk, has been discovered. It is expected that the Wilson's Promontory telegraph will be completed about the middle Of May. . , ( Mb. G. P. Smith (whose character for giving far exceeds his capability of enduring offence') has issued a writ against the Daily Telegraph, for libelling him as barrister. Damages are laid at £2,000. Smuggling on the Darling.— The Went- worth correspondent of the Pastoral Times, writing on the 28th January, says : Last Monday another seizure of contraband goods was made by Mr. M 'Henry, customs officer, consisting of perfumed spirits, cigars, 'and sundries, to the value of about £80, landed from the Queen on her last trip from South Australia. These goods were entered in the vessel's manifest gs oilmen's- stores, and were consigned by Bickford and Co., South Australia, to C. Berry, of Menindie, and W. Hatten, Wilcannia ; and, as all contents are unknown, no blame lies with the vessel. In this case, there was no casualty or mistake on the part of the shippers. The goods were packed cunningly, so as to avoid detection, even if the cases were opened, and great credit is due to Mr. M'Henry for his vigilance and skill in bring ing the things to light. Besides these goods, there was a large lot of Bickford's bitters in one dozen cases, also entered as oilmen's stores, and if passed under that head would evade the 20s. per case duty, paying only ad valorem five per cent, and package duty. As these cases, if seized, would not realize, when sold, twenty shillings per case, the officer in charge bonded them in the consignee's name, which would entail duty on them. , The Jolly Miller's case is still sub jndice for want of magisti ates, but the goods have been sold, realizing their value, £60. The vessel is on her way up again. These two cases of detection show plainly the wholesale system of smuggling that has been going on for years without check or hindrance, and displays a rottenness in the administration of our tariff laws, calling for a speedy intervention of the strong arm of the Executive. 