FERE PREVENTION. The long continuance of hot weather enforces attention to the fact that the bosh fire season is well advanced, and that the Bush Fires Prevention Act is now in full operation. Up to this time we have enjoyed comparative immunity from the ravages of fires, but there is no saying how soon we may have a different story to telL The heat has necessarily brought all vegetation into a highly combustible state, and a little carelessness might without a moment's notice lead to wide-spread disaster. It is true that the harvest is now over, and the crops fairly housed; but a fire occurring in settled districts could do immense damage amongst the fences, and amongst unpro tected farmyards as welL Even in the back country occupied solely by squatters, the destruction of feed and fences might be very serious; but it is a notable fact that year by year encroachments are being made by agri cultural settlers into what has long been deemed the trash, thus magnifying the evils attendant upon fires. In many of the outlying areas farming will he for some time carried on upon a very primitive model—a circumstance that will in no way lessen the liability' to the ravages of fire—and young selectors "will be ill able to bear the loss of a season's produce. For the sake of these beginners, -whose property in many cases will be in special jeopardy, as well as for the sake of all having a vested interest in the colony, the provi sions of the protecting Act should be rigidly obeyed. It is indicative of the progress of settlement in Victoria that the neces sity for an Act similar to ours is now being forcibly urged upon the Government there. "Formerly," it is said, "bushfires did little harm except to the squatter, and no one cared about him, bat now they endanger life and cause ruin. One occurred lately at Tarnagnlla. A few years ago it would have done nothing but leave the sheep without ~feed for a short time, but now it swept over the site of a dozen farms, causing great loss, and going very near to licking up the home steads before it. A Bush Fires Act would be quite a useful piece of legislation, seeing that we are now approximating to the condition of South Australia." To what extent the Bush Fires Act of this province has been effective in preventing fires it is impossible to say, but that its pro visions, carefully enforced, are calculated to diminish the liability to them there can be no doubt. The vigilance of the police and the simplicity of the processes under the Act afford a valuable protection to property holders. It is scarcely necessary to explain the nature of the clauses which remain ia operation during the whole of the summer months, as the measure has often been sum marized, and ample means are adopted of giving publicity to tbe leading provisions. It is enough to remind our readers that fires cannot be lighted in the open air during day light ; that no stubble, hay, or grass can be burned until notice has beengiven toadjoiuing proprietors, a space cleared round the paddock where the fire is to take place, and four persons kept on the spot to assist in pre venting the spread of the flames. Then the use of ignitable wadding in guns is inter dicted ; travellers camping out are required to clear a space round their camp ; and smoking in the open air within twenty yards of any stable, hayrick, or stubble-field is prohibited. All these restrictions have be come familiar to the public, and their wisdom is so generally acknowledged that proceedings under the Act have become ex ceedingly unfrequent. Of course no amount of legislation can prevent carelessness in the use of matches—the most fertile source of danger—but that the Bush Fires Act has been useful, and can be recommended as likely to be of advantage in the neighbour ing colony, we do not hesitate to say. The penalties provided are severe without being immoderate, and the provisions are suffi ciently elastic without being easily capable of evasion. 