COUNTRY NOTES. Large numbers of whales are seen daily on the southern coast. The steamer Vesta, from Adelaide, was seized by the police at Hay, on Friday week, for hawking without a license." A new screw-steamer of 250 tons, tamed the Civility, built to the order of Mr. W. Short of Sydney, was successfully launched on Wednes day from the yard of Mr. E. Davis, Blackwall, Brisbane Water. Bush-fires have been raging in the forest and swamp land on almost every side of Kemp- sey,and some of the sugar-planters have suf fered severely through their cane being burnt. Two young females are in custody at Tinonee for entering The steamer's store at that place, and helping themselves to a half -chest of tea, a bag of sugar, and a bag of flour. They also took f. Plg ,roto Hie sty adjoining the store, and killed it. ' .A Rather extraordinary freak of nature is on view at Grenfell — a lamb with six distinct and well- developed legs, four being hind nnP« Th« head, which is quite unlike the usual' form, has one eye of an extra large size in the centre of i?6 r: e, ' and our ears, two on the back of the head; the mouth and nose being of the usual size and form. Oh Sunday morning last, a row occurred at Grenfell between Peter M'Gee, a publican, George A. Greenfell, and Terence Connolly, a miner. M Gee loaded a gun with shot, and fired at Con nolly, the charge taking effect in the muscles of his left arm, and then passed under the side near his heart Connolly was taken to the hospital, and lies there m a very precarious state. M'Gee was arrested and taken to the lock-up by the police. J . a person, whose name is George White, and who was m the employ of Thomas Brothers and Ihynne, on the new copper discovery, situated on the Cumbamurra Eiver, who left Binnalong last Sunday to return to his home, has not since been heard of, and it is supposed that the unfor tunate man has been drowned whilst attempting to cross the Cumbamurra Eiver. His mare returned home at 5 o'clock on the same evening, with saddle and swag very wet, and the saddle turned half round. — Yass Gouviev . Echuca has gradually assumed a position of some importance, looked at from a traffic point Vi7- jrmg tiie season 1871 the following quantity of goods passed over the wharf at that ?nnno v-i r t0QS ,of sawn timber and piles, ou, 000 bales of wool, and something like 5,000 tons of general merchandise. As settlement is fuPT y« ?ng place in that Part of the colony, the traffic for the present season should assume much larger dimensions. — Alhury Banner. Presentation.— We learn that the Eev. Father Cooke, the esteemed Catholic pastor of Wellington, has been presented .by his parish ioners with the handsome offering of fifty guineas, as their contribution towards his pur chase of a buggy. No presentation was ever pen to a c ergyman who deserved it more l b . ing tb® Past seven years, Father Cooke a zealous laborer in the vineyard.' This token of the gratitude of . his congrega- nSpSok! behlghlJ' Pleasig to him.— Duibo thPSTSmGT-Tiie Forbes correspondent of the Western Examiner states that another case fgfifnCuTUPCCUrred OQ Saturd Tvenfng ( 6th ult.) on the road between Forbes and the Bushman's Lead, and about ten mTles from the former place Mr. Brown, of Grenfell or Junee was proceeding to Bushman's, When he was pounced upon by three armed men. who robbed X Z f m ash' and the «cd him to a stump, where he was found in about three hours after by a carrier, and of course liberated. The poor fellow came to Forbes to get some applica- ? 0 ease blssore and banumbed arms. Stampede to the Mines.— Large numbers liivSZSJS&lS; th?- Ten'Md Star ) are daffy Meslrs Cobb i n mines from wck. eiehtoen r,nl ' run two coacbes) one an blk dailv nger CZ > t0 Stantborpe and back daily, and a second coach every alternate Shdai vSir- Lettblidge Oo! Zt generallv 7 /78-,11 these coaches are L , J crowded with passengers. Fully twenty-five drays pass through Maryland dailv aWm„hufr<ffStfrffllheSiMS- « amount of tiaffic, there are large numbers of a.rgTSiramPS da"7 Wmdtog W Singular Accident.— a verv serfon «e cident which mighthave proved fatal (the Mur h"ppMed to W arrah. It appears he was working a circular X ?Aaape.tPl'n?r fl<!W St- nim 3st under the shcmlriav j.-i through the fleshy part of" the oMSTSd came out above the breas! -bone. Dr. Wood was immediately sent for, who had the poor fellow bospitai> wh £ lies. The wound is, of course, a very bad one aat the palimt £ ,bbY;G0LIa;G'-The atoms' offleers Albury, by the authority of their superiors Stained d?,tfnw ,ea1rthcnware' whereas it ciiraia Tw ! articles, in the shape of cigais. -the case was consigned to A. Eeiff of this town, by Feldheim, Jacobs, and Co ' to chaeabl w gtTnt f tho >>« Sn a ietw ffC tbe Melbourne firm has written a letter, explaining that they enclosed would barofleCMfBtbyi,tbft'gW Ath j: i had no hand or Dart in fraudulent transaction. Such tricks as oan" -SATI+f iof childee in the Interior. livfos wffhin t t?at the,re are 106 children living within miles, and 70 within one mile attend Sep11 i1? School> and who do not £e large amount paid yearly out of the public fuuds in aid of these institu of cbildren that do not get the advantage of the schools, our future in this respect is not very cheering That in a. ofrcrimmber f CaS6S' ignorance is the parent probW. w hW S J61,1 prved as any social also that nothing lesthaa'cf t0 W V jrill meet these SjeT to yiemountam— so the mountain must be taken » st-g - - «£ Accident-— On Saturday, the 29th tt ' ( p,earn from tbe Carcoar Chronicle ), Mr. Henry Plummer, a blacksmith engaged at the fell doo itlZ at the Frenchman's Eeef, fell down one of the deserted shafts at that place! , It appears that Plummer had been drinking that Hot?1?' aDu ? midnight left the Eeefers' ' Hotel to go home, but missed his road. It wasi S,t!efVJy aDd Was yery dark> and the nn- hundJJd got, .t0 tbis shaft (about one , hundred yards from his house) and fell in He was discovered next morning by his wife on his brokenabutkhpeS' &t; btt0m- His back was , bu,fc he was alive and sensible, and asked LU nebP anci draw him out. Immediately after removal to his house, he expired. An in- and avearSdr Q tbe t instant, A pint i accidental death was found. Jt . I? men were committed at the police court the other day for setting fire to some straw m the stable of Mr. Culley It was Mr l'iw probability is, had it not been so, Fallon s corner block and other buildings adjommg would have been to-day level with ' b®. froand- And this would have been the ahoJtSJt v Unk1n imbeciles, wandering about not knowing what they were doing. We have on several occasions urged upon the con- siderabonot the residents th! necSt, of gamzmg a fire_ brigade for the protection of life ' afiidrXri 7 elQ 6 GVent of fire ' but we are «vQp . +i ?Ur mauy reminders are of little Hain't 0ugh S(lme daL and it may not be far distant, m the face of the grim reality of the ;reg pewer of the fiery elements, some may bave reason to regret that some steps were not taken in the way of pre vention.—?. posfi > pre Manning Eiver. — Farmers (says the News complain bitterly of the low prices and high Si!?. IeaIlbuta pittaQce to v gAuvvcx. une planter told us he would never put a grain of corn in the ground whilst he could earn fifteen shillings a week by day labor, and he added that he was going away to the north to work in some of the newly dis covered tin mines. Another very industrious farmer whose land lies on the bank of the river nhl'wiv bereforc possesses facilities for ship- p ng, which are denied to those at the back also told us that he could not live by maize fnNpwgTran? ilat. he thought of free-selecting England where he could get a run for a C?nn nf C+ Sh86p' Several of our friends who cannot get away, or who are unwilling to break up .assertions of many years' stafdlig £> thinking of sugar- planting on a somewhat fovL SCa ' and of employing cheap machinery for the purpose of converting the juice intoli marketable product. ThiSg is, pSp thJ wisest course that can be taken in a majJrity of hot?' an We tbink tllose who adopt it Jdll wl hearThaTr. £egret.their determination we near that crushing is now going on in several places, and the results are sftisffctory Coach Accident . — The removal of the bridge rails at the noithern approach (says the £&' Z'wT i Saturd, s; " morning last tto fatal tuau everyone nas predicted. The Junee mail coach started at the usual hour, fortunatelv without passengers, and on arrival at the brid4 the driver was cautioned by the toll-keeper and several bystanders not to attempt crossing as it ' was dangerous. A rapid stream, f ully fp to a orse s girths, was rushing across the approach the siderails had been removed, and on the pre vious evening several persons had nearly paid the penalty of their temerity in attempting the passage with their lives. The driver, howtver persisted m crossing, and putting his horS ga! PT entered the foaming torrent at full speed. In an instant the horses were ' swerd. from their feet, the coach upset, and both 2? ceremoniously bundled over the side into the flood. Here the coach luckily got snagged on a P?®' which stopped its further progress but nnp of the horses was drowned, and the other having been with some difficulty and danger un- shore SSG The anagfd tC> and sle on shore. mailman was taken off his un comfortable perch by a boat, and the mails were good S'aSg. n totber danbage to mining Inquiry at Gulgong. — Mr. Com- ?1S®1?ner, Jobnson (says the Guardian ) hsS been busily engaged during the week in tiki evidence relating to the Home- Eule dispute p paratory to reporting upon , it. A nS cf witnesses were examined on behalf of th bTock and frontage men, with the action of Commis sioner Browne on the 6th May, and his decision on the 15th May and 14th June. Mr. Plunkett appeared on behalf of the frontage men and Dr Belmfante and Mr. Courcy Browne on behalf large8 2? daysof large number of Eule me a were present anxiously listening to the evidence Johnson performed, his difficult and delicate duty with his usual patience and impartialitv recording accurately the evidence nf tL TueSs'tf th? tbenature of m- Johnson's few questions to the various witnesses, it was evidenf- deS-i 6 fth+ru/hly derstood he natuJe an! I?/.! ? the dispute' and his report, thSef ore Tff? ? n c?clusiy® on the merits of the caser production of the telegram of the 11th June from the Under Secretary Yr Lds 3 SriliT11 was not his, but that of the Minister for Lands 