A CONSCIENTIOUS TBIEP. Tupse who no not know me may perhaps believe the following Btory. Thoae who do know me will not Reginald was a pleasant old gentleman frith a fine sense of humour. Be had con Bidfirahlo propfirty, and lived on Wimbledon Common. One afternoqn, ae old Reginald jTftS reading boobs in his drawing-room, it was announced to 'im that a. common man desired to speak with him: He gave orders that he should be admitted, and he was a very common man indeed. A tall, ill-lookiog fellow, with an irresolute manner and shrink ing. eyes. ' What's your pleasure, good sir ? ' said Reginald. ' Beg pardon, guv'nor,' said the common man-; ' I hope you won't be hard on me.' 'Not at all,' replied Reginald. j 'I'm — I'm a burglar,' said the oommon man? ' Indeed ! ' said Reginald, ' take a ohair.' 'Thank you kindly, guv'nor,'' said he; ' but I'd rather stand.' ' Qow do you like your profession ? ' said old Reginald. ' Well, guv'nor,' said the oommon man, ' I don't like it, noway aod that's it.' 'That's what?' 'That's why I'm here. I belong to a band of twelve wot's working these parts just now. We crack cribs by turns. It's — it's my turn to- night.' And tho burglar wept like a child. ' This, I presume, is remorse,' said old Reginald. 'No, guv'nor, it ain't remorse,' said the burglar; 'it's funk.' \- ' The same thing,' said Reginald. 'It ain't the beiDg a burglar thatlobjeot to. It's having to commit burglaries. I like the credit, sir ; it's the danger I object to.' 'I see.' 'Now, by the laws of our gang, we're bound to crack cribs in turn. That is to say, one of us cracks the crib while the other eleven stops outside and gives the office.' 'I thought burglars always worked in twos and threes ? ' said old Reginald. ' P'rapB I ought to know best ? ' sugges ted tbe burglar. 'Perhaps you're right. What crib do you propose to craok to-night ? ' ' This here one.' 'Mine?' ' Your'n.' ' 0 ! ' And Reginald prepared to ring the bell. 'Please don't do that, guv'nor. You ain't agoin' to give me into oustody ? '' ' I think I had better.' ' No, no, guv'nor, don't do that. Listen to me first. I ain't going to hurt you. It's my turn to craok your crib to-night. Now will you help me ? ' ' I hardly see my way,' said Reginald, thoughtfully. 'Look here, guv'nor, each member of our gang is bound to get £50 worth of swag from each crib he cracks. If he don't, he's shot. Now, I see a handsome salver and — . coffee-pot and cream-jug as I came in here. / ' Wot might be the value of that handsome silver salver and coffee-pot ? '' ' The oream-jug is electro. The coffee pot, with sugar-basin and salver, may be worth £45.' 'That's near enough. I'll take 'em. Here's a flimsy for forty quid.' And he handed old Reginald a bank-note for that amount. ' Still I don't quite understand ? ' ' I want you, guv'nor, to be so good as to leave your bedroom-window open to-pight, and to place that salver and them silver trapB were I can get 'em. I shall have cracked my crib, bagged my swag, and made myself safe until my turn oomes round again.' ' Certainly, ' said old Reginald, holding up the note to the . light ; 'but let me ask 'how can yon afford to pay so handsomely for yoiir depredation ? ' ' There are a dozen of us, sir. Eaoh one of us cracks a crib onoe in four months, and each swags at least £50 worth — often more, but at least that. After eaoh plant the profits, are divided. Last quarter the twelve cribs craicked brought us in £1100 — that's £9)0 odd apiece. When my turn comes, I pay a fair price for the *£50 I swag, for I have been honorably brought up, and I get £40 to the good. And £40 a qnarter is £160 a-year. And I lives on it. Some times it's fliore — sometimes it's less; but whatever it is, I lives on it.' And the honest fellow took a receipt for the note and departed. ^ Old Reginald was as good as Mb word. He left his bedroom-window open, and placed, the salver where the honest burglar oould get it, who . was as good as his word, and at two o'clook in the morning he came and found it. Now oomes the curious part of my story. The forty-pound note was part of the pro ceeds of a previous burglary, the number was known ; pnd it was traoed to old Reginald, who had to account for its being in his possession. Now t^e twelve burglars had in the mean time been wrested by tbe polioe, and were condemned to penal servitude for life. So old Reginald had no hesitation in stating the faots as -I Jutve cited them. No one be lieved him, .as no one will me. So he ap pealed to the honest burglar to corroborate his story. But the honest burglar, having discovered that the whole, thing— ooffee-pot, salver, and all—was the commonest electro, was so shocked ; at old Reginald's dishonesty, tbat he pot only, deolined to corroborate bis story, but actually identified him as an ac complice. And old Reginald was also senteoped to penal servitude, and be aud the honest bur glar worked many years together on the f»n'Tn wprkf, and had many opportunities of talking this natter, over from its social, mor«l, and politioal point'of view. ' I ? . .... ' ? ?! ?? - - Mas. Parhhotow Again-. — Mrs. Parting ton entered the offioe of the probate judge (oaUed civilian), and inquired in her blandest tone— ' are you the civil villian?' 'Do you wiah to insult me, madam? ' Mid the judge. 'Yes,' replied the old lady; ' my toother died datoeted, and left three infidsl children, and -I'm to be their execu tioner ; co. I want to insult .the «ivii yillian The Aubawa. Olmsis.— The Guudag'al Times says The five arbitrators chosen to meet at Geneva tj consider the Alabama claims questions are — Lord Chief- Justice Cook burn, for England'; Mr. Charles Francis Adams,, for tho United States; Count Solopis, on behalf of' Italy ; Mr. Jacob Estampfii, for Switzerland; and the Baron de Itajuba, as representing Brazil. The World describes the case of the Unitod States as a volume of five hundred pages, printed in English, French, and Portuguese, whioh is accompanied by seven large octavo volumes, containing essays and correspsnd ence on the recognition of rebel belligerency by England ; narration of rebel operations in Canada and elsewhere ; references to Confederate cruisers, and a vast quantity of other matter, including a full, true, and par ticular account of the destruction of the Alabama by the Kearsa^e, &c.; The arbi trators, if they are actually called upon to discharge their functions, will have to wade through this enormous mass of material which America provides, besides having to consider the counter statements and argu ments of England. The nature of tho United States demands may be judged of from the summary of them presented by the abovenamed journal: — 'Compensation for damages inflicted on individuals V-y the des truction of their vessels and cargoes ; for destruction of vessels and property of the government of the United States; for damages to individual sailors and officers on board those vessels ; public expenditures in the pursuit of the oruisers ; losses to the United States occasioned by the necessary transfer of our oommercial marine to the British flag ; damages to individuals by necessity of payment of increased rates of insurance ; and damages by a prolongation i of the rebellion, growing out of acts of the ; Anglo-Confederate cruisers.' All these ' claims have to be separately considered, soma being for direct, others for indirect damages, and no doubt a majority being a epecies of twin claim for both. The Geneva arbitration, if it ever comes off, threatens to be as lengthy and a much duller affair than the great Tichborne trial, which, after furnishing acres ot copy to newspapers, and a theme for endless com ment to English and Australian readers, has resulted in the claimant's being committed for trial for perjury. Our readers may con ceive the extent, variety, and multitude of the claims for direct and indirect compensa tion that may, under the above monstrous programme, be preferred against England by cute and indignant Americans, who have lost — well, anything from a needle to an anchor, or a bottle of piokles to a cask of molasses, by the direct or indirect action of Confederate cruisers — or who may even have only been deprived of a possible oppor tunity of making a good speo by the war with the South being protracted by Eng land's recognition of her as a belligerent. We may imagine the luckless arbitrators, as case after case is marshalled forth, ex claiming with Macbeth — What ! will the line stretoh out to the craok of doom ? Another yet ! I'll see no more ! No wonder the people of England are in dignant at American claims. River Plate. — Tranquillity still oontinueB throughout the varioue provinces of the Argentine republic, and the prospects of the oountry are most encouraging. The pas tures of the camp and sheep farms have been refreshed by copious falls of rain. Telegraphio communication is being rapidly perfected by the national government, who charge the very reasonable and ' uniform rate of 25 cents per message for all parts.' The wires which are to be carried across the Andes have been finished as far as Mendoza. At Cordoba, Zimmerman's wire tramway system has been successfully inaugurated. Speedy and good employment is still found for immigrants, who continue to arrive. At tlie beginning of the year a new agricultural department was to be opened under the direction of Senor Oldendorff. Accounts from the Banda Oriental are satisfactory. The Live Cattle Export Company have had a concession granted by the government ot Monte Video, similar to that obtained from the Buenos Ayres government. The report for 1870 of the provincial finance minister has just been published. The business of the Provincial Bank showed an increase of 30 per oent. over the previous year (1869). A revenue has been derived from the lease and sale of publio lands of £100,000. The traffic receipts of the Central Argentine Rail way for November were — passengers from Rosaria, 1422 dols; traffic, 32,589 dols. ; against 16,296 dols. in corresponding month last year. The captain of the ill-fated America has effected his eBoape on board an Italian gunboat. Mr. Spubqeon and Baptist Ministers. — According to the Court Circular, in giving an address recently to the Walworth Young Men's Christian Mission, Mr. Spurgeon is represented as saying: — ' On Saturday last I received a letter from Australia, containing an order for three Baptist ministers. I had some thoughts of getting them paobed up, labelled ' this side up with care,' and send ing them out by the next mail. But,' continued Mr. Spurgeon, ' the most amus ing pqrt was the postBoript. This was it : — ' P.S. Don't aend duffers.' ' Another Expected Collision between the Earth and a Comet. — The S-viss Times says that M. Plantamour, the cele brated professor of astronomy at Geneva, has lately discovered a new oomet, whioh in volume far surpasses all comets hitherto dis covered. Acoording to his observations and calculations, it is darting with immense ve locity, proceeding in a direot line towards our globe, and will come into collision with it on the 12th of August next. Its approaoh will be rendered sensible by an extraordinary degree of heat. The catastrophe cannot possibly be avoided but by the deviation of the Tapidly-Bpproaching comet, produced by its coming within the Scope of the attractive influence of some other heavenly body. Republic t. Monarchy. — In the House of Commons, on February 8th, the Speaker ruled that it would not be competent to Mr. Milbank 'to question SirC. Dilke in his place in parliament as to whether he was prepared to justify and explain the speeches, made by him at-Newcastle and other places in favour of the substitution bf a cheap republic for a costly monarchy. 'Citizen' Sir Charles Dilke, M.P., reoeived oa February £th,- an ovation of a character that in all probability a Roman patriot wotild not have coveted. His representative, Mr. Odger, held a levee' in Trafa1gar-*quare, at which l&rge; crowds from all parts of the metropolis were present. At abont'vight'o'dMik thera waa amn ? . . ,!- ?' i- ? :h*: . J.'.l'. vergence.of processions at the place ' afore named, as announced, from ' Mtle-end-gata, H ackney - road, Shoreditch/ darken well, ] Kentish Towo, Oamieu Town, 8i-ho-square, Notting - hill, Paddingtoa - greeny Oxford street, Chelsea, Sloane-square, Rochester row, Bermondsey- squaro, and the Obelisk, Blackfriars-road, all brave in streaming hanners, and headed by brass bands. Previous to the arrival of the organized processions, a -thickly-paoked crowd had collected around the base of the Nelson column, add the pedestal was decorated with various flags and banners. The bands, as they approached,' struck up the Marseillaise, to the evident delight of the parformers. When Mr. Odger appeared, and took what was oomplimentarily called the ohair, two lime-lights were turned on from the side of the square immediately in front of the National Gallery, and thoae fierce, straining eyes continued riveted on the speakers and their surrounders as long as the meeting lasted. The speakers and the speeches were of the ordinary character, and it was next to an impossibility to gather the senso of what was being uttered, owing to the tumult which reigned throughout. ' Liberty of speech ' was advscated with a license of speech common to the hole- in-the-wall class of orators, and loud applause was bestowed on the speakers by those who heard them not. When the crowd was at its numerical height it did not, perhaps, number five thousand, fully one-half of whom were attracted there hy curiosity, or dropped in by accident. Tho crowd was good-natured, as a London crowd usually is, the great majority evidently regarding the whole nffuir as a good joke — whioh it really was. During the whole hour that the meeting lasted the cheering was continuous. Very few police were visible, and even these few had small cause for interference. Shortly after ten o'clook, the eloquence of the orators being exhausted, the lime-lights were turned off, a harmless scrimmage sucoeeded in the dark, and the ringleaders disappeared. Sir Charles addressed a meeting of his constituents at Chelsea, on February 19. He was received with the greatest enthusiam, his speech being loudly and repeatedly cheered, and at the termination a unanimous vote of confidence in him was carried. The O'Donoohue and the Home Rulers.— The O'Donoghue has Beot a letter to a Cork papsr in reference to the attack made upon him by the Rev. Mr. O'Donoght'e, a priest and plector of the county, during the canvass for Mr. Blennerhasaett. He pays:— 'It almost shakes one's faith to think that a priest of the God of truth, of jnst'ce, and of pnaoe, could, after mass on Sunday, get up upon a high place that he might he the better seen and heard while reciting premeditated slanders. It i* difficult to expel the thought tbat the ministrations of such a man must he a deliberate mockery, a sacrilegious panto mime.' The reverend gentleman, he adds, lias joined the 'ribald crew, who defame him beoause lie will not beoome a partner in a use less and misobievous agitation (that for home ruin), got np by men, the best of whom are thoughtless, many of whom are most noted political acrobats, and others men whose crime it i«, and has been, to thwart every effort at co'iciliation, and by fostering di«con- j tent render g ivernmnnt impossible, except by means which one sliuiders to contemplate.' He says tbat tbe notion of bis assailant ai tbxt ' the duty of a patriot is to keep up ao ever lasting war-wboop ; to keep perpetually wielding a wattle; to shout on Saxon and Celt to an internecine struggle.' The Bn/' yrov Ritual Case — The Rev. Mr. John Purchas, the minister of St. James's Chapel, Brighton, was, on February 18, served witb the order of nuspansion made by the judicial committee of tbe privy council. Mr. Ellis, the officer of the appeal registry, prooeeded to Brighton, armed with the order, and . bad an interview ^itb Mr. Purobas at his residence. He duly served him with the order of suspension. The officer then went to ths. ohapel where the ceremonies bad been conducted. Tbe outer gates were looked ; but be got over tbem and placed the original document on tbe door for a short time He then removed it, and put a copy in its place. Mr. Purchasis suspended from preaching and from administering the sacrament for one year, from the 18th Feb ruary. ? In the event of Mr. Purchas not obeying the order of suspension further pro ceedings will bn adopted agaiost him. The Eoropean Assurance Society. — At a meeting of the policy-holders and share holders of the European Assurance Society, held in Leeds on February 2, Mr. Alderman Carter, M.P., entered into a long defence of the conduot of the directors. He contended that if l heir policy had been carried out tbe 'society would have got ioto a prosperous con dition in the course of a few years, and that the capital of the society, if time had been given to tbe shareholders, would have been very largely paid up. In reply to a question he said he feared a large proportion of the assets would be squandered in law expeoses, and that tbe polioy-bolders would, in the end, get very little. A vote of thanks to Alder man Carter for his explanation was given. Libel. — The Queen of the Thames. — At the 8urrey Session! House, on 19th ult., a writ of inquiry to assess tbe amount ol damages in an aotion brought in the oourt of exchequer, was«j|wd before tbe under sheriff and a apeciavx-ory. Mr. H. James, Q C., and Mr. Cohen were counsel for plain tiff. The plaintiff, Captain G. Macdonald, was tbe master of tbe steamer. Queen of tbe Thames, wreoked at Cape Agulhaslast March, and the defendant was Mr. G. W. Goyder, surveyor-general of Australia, and the action was brought to recover for a libel contained 1 in a letter written by tbe defendant, and pub- j lished in the Times of May 23. It may be j remembered that a bush -fire or wrecker's light was mistaken for the light at G«pe Aguthas, and the vessel went ashore. An in- j quiry into tbe Ion was held at Bredasdorp j In the colony, and the oourt held tbe plaintiff, j the oaptain, matesj and crew to be free from blame, attributing the cause of the stranding of the ship— firstly, to tbe disarrangement of deviation of the compasses on board ; secondly, tt- the unsteadiness and uncertainty of the Currents in that direction; and thirdly, to a bright fixed light or a bush- fire tbat was burning before the acoident, which was calcu lated to mislead the managers of the vessel. Ihe coart, therefore, had no reason to o tucel or suspend tbe certificate* of either tbecaptaia Or any of tbe mates. It was stated that on the parties reatihing Cape wn, tbe defend ant Oodeavonred to ioduce the aotjhori'.ies to -i&siitnta; 'ftathtt Inquiry;' but they tlecQoed. On arriving in England, the board of 'trade directed -an inveuigationinto the loss.; to be held trt Greenwich; but Mr. Maude, ths magistrate, ruled tbat lie had no jurisdiction, an inquiry having already been instituted in the colony. Tbe defendant then wrote the letter in question to -the Times, and it was al leged there were passages in the let'er which reflectt-d upon the conduct of the plaintiff as master, on the occasion of the wreck ot the vessel. The defendant had allotted judgm'-nt to pass by default, and had returned to Aus tralia. Captain Macdonald, the plaintiff, was examined, and he denied the clurgiM con tained in the letter. He did all he co ild to assist and comfort the passengers. ft tbe light they saw bad been tbat nf Cape Agulbas, the course steered would have cleared all danger. Mr. Murray, tbo chi»f officer, and Mr. Moore, part-owner of the vessel, wbo was on board, said tbe plaintiff did elf be could for tbe safety and comfort of the passengers. Tbe mistake in tbe light was not to be attributed to any default on tbe p^rt of tbe master. The jury awarded the plain tiff £100. Clergymen and Parliamentary Elec tions. — The Pall Mall G-azotte says that on the 19th November the German federal council passed a motion, proposed by Bavaria, for making clergymen liable to punishment for interfering at elections, and an interest ing debate on the subject will probably Boon take place in the German parliament. The motion is chiefly directed against the Roman Catholic clergy of the Rhenish provinces and Prussian Silesia and Westphalia, the king dom of Bavaria, and certain districts in Baden, Hesse, and Wurtemberg. These clergymen have been in the habit during election times of delivering ' political ser mons '' to their congregations, in which they described in pathetic terms the situation of the Pope, and urged their hearers to elect the ultramontane caudidate, whom thny re presented as ready to assist the Holy Father in his trouble. The effect of these sermons on the people was strikingly shown in the late inquiry which took place into the elec tions for the Bavarian district of Resenstein and the Silesian district of Plees Ryhnik, and a strong pressure waB crnsequently ex ercised by the liberals in some of the federal states — tbat of Bavaria especially — on their respective governments, with the object of putting an end to such abuses. In several cases of this kind the elections were can celled ; but this was found to be of no avail, for the electors, being still under the influ ence of the sermons they had heard before the elections began, re-elected the same candidates by an even greater majority than on the previous occasion. It is believed that now the motion has been passed by the federal council, the German parliament will also acoept it, in which case a paragraph to the same effect will be added to the im perial criminal code of the 31st May, 1870. The Late Judicial Appointment. — In the House of Commons on February 19, the orders of the day having beeu postponed to give precedence to the discussion on the vote of censure on the government for the elevation of Sir R. Collier, Mr. Cross sub mitted the following resolution : — ' That this House has seen with regret the course taken by her Majesty's government in carrying out the provisions of the Act of last session relative to the judicial committee of the privy council ; and is of opinion that the elevation of Sir Robert Collier to the benoh of the court of common pleas, for the purpose only of giving him a colourable qualification to be a paid member of the judicial committee, and his immediate trans fer to the judicial committee accordingly, were acts at variance with the spirit and intention of the statute, and au evil example in the exercise of judicial patronage.' Sir R. Palmer moved, as an amendment, — ' That this House findB no just cause for a parliamentary censure on the conduct of the government in tbe recent appointments of Sir Robert Porrett Collier to the judgeship of the common pleas, -and to the judicial committee of the privy council.' The ori ginal motion was negatived by 268 against 241, and the amendment was oarried without division. Mazzini. — The following are the particu lars given in Men of the Times, of the career of Joseph Mazzini, whose death was an nounced last mail : — Mazzini, Joseph, born June 28, 1808, at Genoa, where his father was a medical practitioner and a uni versity professor of his soience,' was educated for the law at the same university, and, re solving to do what he oould to awaken his fellow countrymen to his notions of political life, established the Genoa Indicator, in which he disonssed questions touching the future of Italy. The Italian governments, having bean muoh troubled by Oarbonarism, united in a league against liberal opinions, and although Mazzini did- not sympathise with the men who formed these secret -socie- ties, he joined the Oarbonari, for the reason assigned in the following note to the last edition of his works: — 'I was at that time unable to found any association of my own ; and in the Carbonari I found a body of men in whom, however inferior they were to the idea they represented thought and action, faith and works, were identical. Here were men who, defying alike excommunication and oapital punishment, had the persistent energy ever to re-oommenoe and weave a fresh web each time the old one was broken ; and this was enough to induce me to join my name and my labours to theirs.' For his connection with the Carbonari, Mazzini was arrested, and after six months' imprison ment in the fortress of Savona, was tried and acquitted, but oondemned to exile. He took up bis abode at Marseilles, where he became the founder of La Giovine Italia, and con ducted the journal of that name, devoted to the cause of the unity and independence of Italy, and a republican form of government. On the application of the Sardinian ambas sador he was ordered to quit tbe Frenoh territory. For nearly twelve months he sno oeeded in evading the vigilance of tbe police, and brought out his journal, which was easily distributed from Marseilles into Italy, and went to Switzerland for the purpose of organizing the expedition into Savoy, in 1638, which failed through the treachery of Ramorino, to whom the military command had been given. Driven out of Switzerland, he repaired to London in 1837, where he supported himself by his pen, and established a school and a journal, called the Apostolato Jfopolare, for Italian working men. Is 1844' his name was brought prominently before I the Eoglish public, in consequence of the disclosure of a practioe of opening the letters of refugees in the London post-offioe by the; government, at die request of foreign am — ? baiisadofy , ' .the Frenoh revolujjioh » February,' 1848, Mazzim ' went^ to Paris, to concert measures with 'the republican pa^ty there, ahd shortly afterwArde took up his abode at'Milan, where he opposed th.e fusion of Lombardy with Piedmont. ' He' -remained at Milan until the advance of the Austrians forced him to take refuge iu the' canton of Tioino, in Switzerland, whence, shortly alter i the expedition into the Val d'Intelvi, he was again expelled. Rome having declared it- \ self a republic, Mazzini waa elected deputy j to the Constituent Assembly for the town of Leghorn, where be landed, and was reeeived with - aoolam'ation. After ^pendiug' some time at Florence in attempting to effect the fusion of Tuscany and Rome, be repaired to Rome, and- from that moment became the leading spirit of the Roman republic; having been, with Armolli' and Saffi, appointed, March 30, 1849, a triumvir, and received with his colleagues the full powers of the young state. He organised an army of 50,000 men, cast- cannon, and prepared in every way to govern and defend the repub lic, and for a time maintained the contest against General Oudinot and his army. A ceBsion of hostilities having been agreed upon, he protested against it, and resigned his post of triumvir. Bather than execute the de cree of the Aesemoly, he left Rome, and took up bis residence in England, keeping up a correspondence with the republican party in Italy. In 1857 he organised an ex pedition to revolutionise Naples, but the scheme proved abortive, and he returned to England. Altbuutrh an advocate of Italian unity, he opposed the present settlement. In the beginning of 1864 an endeavour was made to implicate him in the attempt of four Italians to assassinate the French Emperor ; and one of tbe criminals, on his trial, affirmed that Mazzini had given him money and ex plosive bomliB. This led to considerable dis cussion in the House of Commons during (he session, and Mr. Stansfeld, on account of his connection with tbis arch-agitator and fer menter of conspiracies, felt constrained to resign his post as secretary of the admiralty. Amongst other works, Mazzini has written Italy, Austria, and the Pope, published in this oountry in 1845 ; Royalty and Repub licanism in Italy, in 1850; Italian Question and the Republicans, in 1861 ; Duties of Man, in 1862; Life and Writings, in 1864-6 ; and Address to Pope Pius IX, in 1865. [He has since contributed articles to the Fortnightly, and Contemporary Reviews ; one article in tbe latter on the Pope's claim to infallibility attracted great attention for the masterly manner in which it dealt with the subject. — Ed. C. O.] It is said that Lady Geraldine H. A. Somerset, sister of the Duke of Beaufort, is about to be married to Signor Mario. It may not be generally known that Signor Mario is a Neapolitan noble of high family, and was known for some time as an accom plished amateur singer before he was induced to take a professional engagement. 