The Eclipse Expedition. ROUGH NOTES, BY BEAUFOY MERLIN. We steamed away - in the Governor Blackall specially chartered for the expedition - from Camp- bel's Wharf, Sydney, at half-past four in the afternoon of the 27 th of November, with the fol- lowing gentlemen forming the expedition : - J GowIand, R.N., commander ; Alexander Black geodetic surveyor, Melbourne ; H. T. Bolding P.M., Raymond Terrace; J. Bosisto, chemist, Melbourne; J. W. Brazier, naturalist, Sydney Henry Britton, special reporter, Melbourne H. R. Cassell, architect, Ballarat; W. A. Clarson artist:, Melbourne; D. Curdie, M.D., Victoria; P. Davin, St. Kilda, Melbourne: Sil. Diggles, natu- ralist, Brisbane ; R. L. J. Ellery, Government astronomer, Melbourne; G. Foord, assayer, Mint Melbourne; P. D. J. Grut, banker, Melbourne Rev. W. Kelly, St. Patrick's College, Mel- bourne ; D. Kennedy, Sandhurst ; W. J McDonnell, Sydney ; F. M'George, observatory Melbourne ; S. Marshall, Ballarat ; Beaufoy Merlin, A. and A. Photo. Company, Sydney ; Charles Moore, Botanic Gardens, Sydney; Carl Moerlin, observatory, Melbourne ; E. Nichols, Star office, Ballarat; J. W. Payter, telegraph department Melbourne ; P. D. Pancard, Adelaide ; H. K Rusden, secretary R. S., Melbourne ; H. C Russell, Government astronomer, Sydney ; Rev. W. Scott, St. Paul's College, Sydney; Charles Walters, photographer, Melbourne; C. Whitehead, Clarence River ; W. P. Wilson, Professor, Univer- sity, Melbourne ; J. D. Reece, photographer, Mel- bourne; Captain Eidie, chief-officer: J. Crooks, surveyor, There was besides a thoroughly efficient crew-making a total of seventy-two souls on board. The afternoon was pleasantly cool-the sky re- markably clear and bright-the harbour and shores of Port Jackson looking as pleasant to the eye as I ever beheld them. The following day (28th November) the weather was fine. We sighted Port Macquarie at 2 p.m. : signalled to the station, and received a reply. On the 20th we passed the Richmond River, and had a fine view of Mount Warning, whose peaked summit looks in the distance like a ruined castle. We noticed the revolving light on the coast, at about fifteen miles distance ; but it was too dark to make signals. We got abreast of Frazer's Island on Thursday, November 30th. It appears to be scantily covered with vegetation, and presents no attractive features. We lost sight of land at noon, about which time we entered the tropic of Capricorn. During the after- noon the passengers amused themselves with sea quoits on deck ; in the evening they read or played chess in the cabin, except those who preferred watching the sea over the sides or tafrail, and who were well repaid by the sight they got of a num- ber of phosphorescent creatures, that made the dark waters luminous, often expanding into broad discs of blueish light. We were favoured with a visit from one of the nereids in the shape of a flying fish, during the evening. Whether it came to inter- view us, or to acquire nautical knowledge, I can't say, but it certainly came to grief. The following day (1st December) there was a fine south-east trade blowing, and the boat was doing full eleven knots an hour. About half-past 10 we sighted a peak about 720 feet above the level of the sea-the first bit of terra firma we had seen since yesterday. Tho passengers had been for some hours straining their eyes for its discovery. Everybody seemed to be provided with an opera-glass or tele- scope. At half-past 11 no less than five rocky islands were in sight. About mid-day a strong rain-squall came up, shutting- out all view of the islands referred to, but leaving the afternoon dull and hazy. At 2 p.m. Lieutenant Gowland intimated to the passengers that we should anchor about 6 o'clock at one of the islands of the Percy Group. Some- what before that hour, he brought his sea-horss into good anchorage, in seventeen fathoms water, at Island No. 2. I could not help regretting, and others expressed similar regrets, that those islands are not called after some well-known historic names instead of being only numerically described on the charts as No. 1, 2, &c.;, which causes some confusion in referring to them. When all was made snug, an exodus of imtuous passengers - the quarter boats having been got ready for them -took place. Geologists conchologists, &c; with their appliances, were ready for scientific observation. But there was another matter of moment to be considered. It had been whispered that the blacks were likely to be troublesome, and had no objection, perhaps, to a cutlet a la savans or on a savant. We, therefore, took the precaution of arming ourselves, and so muskets, revolvers, and other arms came into requisition. The island (No. 2) is very hilly, and the south side shelves towards the water's edge. Some of the passengers brought from this island specimens of the pandanus, or broad-friiit. The gulleys abound with light palms, interlaced with luxuriant tropical creepers. The flats are full of thick mangroves. Turtles are numerous on the beach. We found one nest with about thirty eggs in it. Some of the freshest-looking were cooked for tea ; but the albumen did not act in accordance with the desire of the cook ; for although the yolks were done to a nicety, the white, or pale grey, was rather slimy and tasteless. The passengers brought back from the island trophies of their visit in the shape of black and white cockatoos, snails, shells, coral, green ants, which build their tiny domiciles so as to resemble in the distance birds nests. At 6 p.m. the signal-gun was fired from the steamer, for all hands to get on board ; but notwith- standing this precaution, four remained behind, per- haps to catch turtle. After some time a boat was sent after the lost sheep, who were recovered and 'folded' in their respective pens, tired no doubt with their day's wanderings ; after this little expedition there was considerable jollity on board, with the exception of the steward, who was disgusted at the mass of specimens piled about the berths and cabin. Tho evening was pleasantly, and I might add, musically passed, one of the passengers having volunteered to entertain us on the banjo. A very effective chorus rendered, 'Going through Georgia,' in a manner never before heard in these latitudes. Before sundown I took the opportunity, of photo- graphing the island No. 3 of this group. Although the vessel was rocking considerably, I could not resist the desire of trying to get a picture of this bold insular elevation, with a glorious tropical sun setting behind it. I never before had the temerity to work from a vessel in motion, or point a lens towards the sun. I, nevertheless, succeeded-to my surprise in obtaining a sharp, clear picture. We sailed at 4 o clock the following morning, the trade-wind still continuing. The passengers were chiefly occupied sketching or preserving the several specimens obtained the previous day. The sporting element in our little community devoted their time to the cleansing of their muskets and pistols. We passed the Black Swan, one of the A.H.N. Company's steamers, bound to some northerly port, and exchanged signals with her in the hope she would report us-which, however, she forgot to do. From this point the navigation became exceed- ingly intricate, requiring the greatest vigilance on the part of our ever-watchful commander. There were rocks, shoals, sandbanks, and reefs in all direc- tions ; and it was found necessary to keep a man aloft continually on the look-out. We could only move forward in the daytime. We were now some miles within the Barrier Reef The water was of a bright sap- green colour, and presented one smooth unruffled surface. Many of the company had looked anxiously for this tranquil portion of the voyage, in the hope of getting rid of their seasick feelings ; nor were they disappointed, The appearance of these islands, with the exception of Pine Island, which we passed during this and the next day, exhibited all the marked pecularities of the Australian Groups. On Sunday, December 3rd, we passed the Palm Inlands. Divine service was performed by the Rev W. Scott, formerly Government Astronomer Sydney Observatory, and now rector of St. Paul's College. His subject was the Presence of God in the soul of man. It was a truly devotional and impressive sermon. Fears were now entertained regarding our supply of water, and it was decided make for the Fitzroy Islands to replenish our tanks. We anchored at dark amid a heavy squall, at one of the Frankland groups. On Monday, 4th December, we started at 5 a.m., and anchored at Fitzroy Island at (about) 6 p.m. A boat's crew was sent on shore to report on the water. They found a capital supply and easy of access, the heat had been excessive during the day, relieved by occasional tropical showers. Several of the party made excursions through the island Messrs. Moore, Brazier, and Walters returning with a good supply of botanical and other specimens. We started next morning at day-break, and about 12, we made the Endeavour River. Cape Bedford presents a singular appearance. It is crowned by a flat- topped hill. During the day we passed several other islands, making the Lizard Island at 5 p.m. There was the usual lowering of boats and rush of passengers shoreward. For the first time during our voyage we noticed the foot-prints of natives on the sand ; for although the aborigines of the mainland occasionally visit the islands previously referred to by me, in quest of turtle, we had not on any former occasion noticed their immediate presence, or signs of a recent visit, till we had reached Lizard Island. As we neared the land, we were astonished to see what looked from the distance to be a fragment of wall, tumbling to decay, but sharply-defined against the warm background. After exploration we found that a habitation, built by civilized hands, had been erected here, and that the object which had seemed so surprising at a distance, was undoubtedly the wall of a residence erected by some persons years ago-probably parties engaged in the beche-le-mer trade. This was not the only surprise. On the face of the wall was a well-drawn cross of the St. George pattern, painted with a thick black pigment, the upright beam being fully ten feet in height, and the transverse, or horizontal bar, at least six feet in length. There were letters cut in deep relief into the upright section of the cross which caused considerable speculation amongst the more learned of the party. Well, we digged accordingly, and had soon abun- dance of evidence to convince us that a bottle, or something else, had been deposited in the ground under the cross. The deposit may, in all logical possibility, have been a treasure. If so, it had been removed, so far as our hurried exploration jus- tifies such an assertion. I dare not speak confidently. The speculative may, if they like, make further search - perhaps with ultimate profit to themselves. At all events, a smart yacht's crew will always be able to spend a delightful holiday in and about those islands, even should they fail in dropping on a ' treasure-trove.' On the evening of this day (December 5th), a free discussion was held in the cabin by all inter- ested, as to the place for making scientific observa- tion of the solar eclipse due on the 12th instant. Opinion was very much divided between the main land and an island numbered on the chart, No. 6, Claremont Group.The objection to the first proposi- tion (landing at Cape Sidmouth) was partly nautical and partly through a senae of self-preservation. It was asserted that shallow water lay all around Cape Sidmouth for a distance of three miles seawards ; and that, consequently, great, if not insuperable difficul- ties would arise in landing our instruments. We had further learned that a fierce tribe of aborigines occupied the country about the Cape. In fact, we had had positive indications of great excitement amongst the natives on the mainland. For miles and miles along the coast we had noticed vast bush- fires, lit with the regularity of signal-fires, at distances (from each point of conflagration) of not more on the average than twenty miles ; and it was generally believed that absolute danger menaced any party attempting a landing. Mr Moore, and those who, like him, were botanically affected, under-rated that danger; but the opinion of the majority prevailed. We should have divided our party, but we had not adequate appliances. Besides, all admitted that Cape Sidmouth was subject to heavy fogs, which would seriously interfere with accurate observation of the eclipse, while the island-ten miles distant was not likely to be exposed to such an unhoped for visitation. Tho island - No. 6, Clare- mont Group'-was, therefore, selected. Subsequent events proved the wisdom of this choice ; for had we gone on the mainland, while no better result in a scientific point of view would have been achieved, we should have been detained for a considerable time in regaining the steamer, in consequence of the strong south-east winds prevailing. In fact, Mr. Moore and a volunteer crew did make the mainland, on Saturday, 9th December, and used every effort to return on the Sunday. After boating about all day, they failed to reach the Governor Blackall ; and it was not till Monday afternoon the succeeded in getting onboard. Night Island, when the eclipse could, as matters eventuated, have been successfully observed, was urged as a suitable place of landing; but the fatal objection to this spot was that the duration of totality (during the solar eclipse was too short to satisfy the scientific aspirations of a great majority of the company. Hence, as before stated, Claremont Island was determined to be the scene of those investigations on account of which we had journeyed (on the whole pleasantly) so far, I may as well here mention that this island lies in latitude 13-27 south. On the 6th we left the Lizard Island. The navi- gation continued to be extremely intricate, and called forth the boat qualities of our commander. At 2 p.m. it was announced that Cape Sidmouth was in sight, distance about thirty miles. All eyes were soon strained on the shadowy outline, which in an hour or so became more distinctly visible as land. Holding on till near 5 p.m., at last what appeared to bo a dark expanse of sandbank lay before us. 'Claremont Island, at last,!' was the cry in several parts of the steamer. Nor were we without a welcome. From the cheerless spot described flock after flock of aquatic birds white, grey, brown, and mottled-rose in the air, wheeled in irregular curves in the neighbourhood of the vessel, causing a disagreeable din by their stridulent screams and shrill cries. The sky was dark with them ; and from the way they conducted themselves, they were evidently astonished at the arrival of such a sea-monster as the Governor Blackall in their wild domain. Soon after, an observing party was sent on shore to ascertain whether the place was suitable for the objects of the expedition. They returned in a short time, and said it was suitable, but rather astonished us with the news that it was occupied by a colony of English rats. How the progenitors of those creatures first came on the island it would be useless to speculate; it is certain they have increased and multiplied ; although, as there is not a drop of fresh water to be found in their arid territory, it is somewhat sur- prising how they manage to allay their thirst. Proper precautions were taken to keep these vermin away from our tents, &c.;, when set up. The next morning our disembarkation began : and for the next three days we worked with unflagging zeal, notwithstanding the oppressive character of the climate, in preparing for the great event. There were eight or nine tents set up, the instruments put in position, my own special applia- nces all arranged in order, and the whole party were on the qui vivo for the long anticipated moment of observing a solar eclipse, under circumstances cal- culated to do credit to the Australian colonies, and services to the cause of science. We had taken a quantity of bricks and compost with us in order that suitable stands might be erected for the more import- ant instruments. It was astonishing how quickly the presence and skill of civilized man changed the ap- pearance of this desolate spot of ocean. Its scanty vegetation contrasted well with the shimmering whiteness of the tents ; and as the voices of men at work, or giving orders, resounded through the hot heavy atmosphore, one was led for a moment to fancy he was at home, engaged at his usual employ- ments. On the afternoon of the 11th, everything was ready for the next day's observations. The atmo- sphere was close and heavy', slightly relieved by the south-east trade. The clouds began to mass omi- nously about 5 p.m. causing apprehensions as to what the morrow would be in a weather point of view. After dinner (6 p.m.) the major portion of the company got on deck, and noticed the marked indications of a coming storm. It came soon. The intense grey light faded away-dull clouds dashed with indigo tints, settled over the sea in all directions-flashes of sheet lightning glared at all points of the compass, causing deeper gloom after each spectral irradiation. At last the thunder broke out-peal after peal, then volley after volloy, like the rattle of artillery close at hand. The steamer shook and quivered in every part. rain followed such rain ! Now a sudden downward rush of water, presently a sweeping shower ; in the meantime the lightning assumed a new character. It seemed to have concentrated nearer to us and absolutely cracked in the murky air overhead. We could hear its sphitz sphatz as it broke against the masts or the sides of the vessel. The passengers remained for a considerable time on the dock during this pitiless storm ; and then attempted to find relief down below. The closeness of the atmosphere however, was so oppressive, that they soon sought the deck again, utterly regardless of the drenching rain. For full two hours did this commotion of nature last, then it seemed to die away-the lightning played at a greater distance ; but the peculiar gloom in the air continued. Rain of a more steady cha- racter begun to fall about 9 p.m., but at midnight there was to the eastward a patch of clear sky. Our hopes began to revive. It will be a glorious day to-morrow,' some one cried out. ' We shall have it fine,' said another. With these mutual consolatory assurances we sought short repose. The portion of the party guarding the tents and instruments on shore fared much worse than the ship party did. They had to use their blankets and rugs to cover the instruments, and were unable to got the slightest rest during the awful night. Early in the morning we were on the alert. The sky was covered with masses of cloud, broken by occa- sional squalls, and revealing here and there, occa- sionally, grey-blue patches of the heavens. This gave us a hope that by noon we should have clear weather, although the frequency of short lived drifting showers caused anxiety. Noon came, and the blueish cumulus clouds were unbroken, the rainy squalls continuing. The whole party was now assembled on the island, each close to his special apparatus, or with telescope , in hand. One o'clock! still rainy and squally ; half-past 1, a gleam of hope-something like a break ; 2 o'clock, another squall ; and then all hope vanished At a few minutes past 3 the presence of an awful gloom, beyond the darkness of the clouds, was per- ceptible. There was just one instant's rent in the cloudy- mass, and we saw quite enough to know that contact had begun. The clouds closed again, and all was dark ; but still there was palpably blended with the gloom the presence of another strange darkness. In the direction of the sun, during totality, an arc of shadow, as if tinted in Indian ink, passed across a portion of the heaven evidently in the line of the moon's course, and travelling at the moon's appa- rent rate of progress. Every face bore as deep a shadow as Nature did. We all realized, about the same moment, that we had come in vain ; and disap- pointment silenced every tongue for several minutes, broken only by the monotonous announcements of the zealous individual who was calling out the seconds from the chronometer. ' It is all over,' somebody at last cried out, but still the indispo- sition to speak about the event continued. To say we did not at once fully realize our disappointment, may be true; but we certainly, in the end had a very adequate sense of it. As for Mr Russell and myself, we performed every part of our duty just the same as if the eclipse had occurred under the most, favourable services. The photographic plates were prepared, exposure and development, according to directions from England, were made and everything done to obtain some valuable result even after we had ceased to hope that any such result could follow. About 4 p.m. the order was issued to make ready for our departure. In less than three hours we had everything that was worth re- moving safely stowed away on board our good iron ship. Before we had left the island we noticed the approach of a vessel. It turned out to be the Matilda. In a short time the captain, chief officer, and the master of the Active-a vessel recently lost -came on board the Governor Blackall. They announced they had seen the eclipse, although they were totally unprepared for such an occurrence, not having had a nautical almanac on board. They were severally examined by Messrs. Ellery, Russell, and Wilson ; they said that the obscuration of the sun had occurred while they were at Night Island, eighteen miles distant in a northerly direction ; they had observed the corona-and they all agreed in describing the phenomenon as one of striking wonder and beauty. And now our anxiety was to get away. Next morning we steamed on our course, and as we cast a last glance on Claremont Island, it looked like a deserted diggings, the poles of the tents standing bare as we had left them. From the top of the wooden photographic dark-room, one of the sailors had suspended a shattered umbrella, which fluttered and shivered in the morning air. About 7 o'clock we lost sight of the sandbank, the best name I can give our late island home. The weather was close and murky. We experienced a great relief from passing quickly through the water, particularly in the cabin which, up to this time, had been intolerably close. The passengers occupied themselves in arranging their collections of specimens or cleaning their arms. In the afternoon we anchored to the lee of No. 6, Howard Group. Some of the passengers went ashore for half-an-hour, and succeeded (by diving) in procuring fine specimens of coral. On Saturday, 16th December, the planet Venus was vividly apparent long after sunrise. We reached Cardwell in the morning. This township consists of about thirty houses on a narrow strip of beach. The luxuriance of the vegetation, reaching almost to the water's edge, gave the scene a tropical character. The hamlet is backed by a bold range of mountains, over which the telegraph line to the Gulf of Carpentaria, now in the course of com- pletion, has been carried. We left Cardwell at 3 p.m., and on Sunday (17th), at noon, entered Whitsunday Passage. The coast scenery from this point, southwards, is of a varied almost a fairy-character. While passing a portion of this coast, on our way upwards, I succeeded in photographing a considerable portion of it ; and I succeeded beyond my most sanguine expectations, in reproducing the elevations, depressions, projections, &c;, with an accuracy impossible in hand-drawings. With a series of photographic coast-line sketches, the Master Mariner can tell exactly where he is (from ocular observation and comparison) at any hour, by day or night. The value of such a guide can not be too highly estimated by all interested in the difficult (if not dangerous) navigation of our iron bound and irregular coast. I have no hesitation in saying that by this process, intolerably fair weather, about thirty miles of continuous coast could be taken in a day. On the 19th, at 3 a.m., the Great Sand Spit was sighted ; and at 7 p.m., off Cape Moreton, we received the pilot on board, and at ll p.m. arrived near the mouth of the Brisbane River. Next day we proceeded up that sluggish and tortuous stream, and at 5 p.m. our vessel was made fast to the Com- pany's wharf. It is due to the public spirit and hospitable habits of the Government and leading citizens of Brisbane, to acknowledge the handsome manner in which we were received and kindly entertained there. Free quarters were provided for us during our stay at the Queens- land Club. His Excellency the Governor visited the Governor Blackall on the 21st, and showed, by his manner, that he fully appreciated our efforts. We were also the recipients of an invitation for an ex- cursion-by coach and train-to the Darling Downs, which we thankfully accepted. This excursion en- abled us to see some fine portions of Queensland scenery, and to enjoy the invigorating air of the country-very agreeable after our late torrid ex- periences. I have nothing further to add, except that a testi- monial to Lieutenant Gowland was almost spon- taneously got up on board, as some slight recogni- tion of his high and varied qualities as a cominandor, his urbanity as a gentleman, and his uniform kindness to every individual connected with the Eclipse Expedition of 1871. THE PAPER-FIBRE AND PAPER COMPANY.-The Maitland Mercury says :-Work is actively proceeding at the mill, which is the centre of this company's operations, and the machine for making brown paper will very soon be completed. We were shown during the week a specimen of hand-made brown paper, of which cornstalk seemed to be the chief component ; it was very stout, yet extremely pliable, and so tough that considerable force would have to be used to tear it. For wrapping ironmongery goods, and such heavy wares, it would be far more durable and useful than any of the common brown papers now employed. A con- siderable trade is done at the mill in the purchase of rags, and some idea of the extent of it may be gathered from the fact that during the past month L40 has been expended in the purchase of rags. A demand having been discovered, the supply seems to be at once avail- able, and the value of the material purchased shows what waste must have existed in households owing to the absence of this demand. Brown paper will be made at the mill within a very few days. 