SPIRITUALISM DEFENDED, TO THE EDITOR OP THE AROUS. Sir,-If you and your readers are not Ol ready tired of the subject of spiritism, I should like to make one or two additional yemarks on some of the more important ques- tions at issue. First of all, I desire to oxpress ¡tay sincero admiration at the manner in jrwbich your correspondent "J. S." has con. ducted himself throughout tho entire discus, {sion. With many provocations to reply with i Sharpness and to lose his temper with some of his opponents, he has maintained a dignified attitude, combined with great courage and moderation ; and if he has not succeeded in proving his case, he has at least commended St to the calm consideration of all impartial fctnd unprejudiced minds. Will you also allow me to express my cor flial sympathy with "J. S," in his quietly (ignoring the suggestion of "M, C." to discuss (tho preliminary questions as to whether there Ssa spiritual world at all? The temptation ¡to expose the utter hollowness of this writer's [arguments, and the inconsistency of his posi- tion with his own professed creed of tpositivism, must have been, I imagine, very great. Your readers are very much indebted io "J. S." that this issue was not allowed ftorise, and to complicate the discussion of fltho main question. I regret, however, that "J, S." has not »manifested the same spirit of moderation in connexion with the subject of Christianity. Sn his communications to you in defence of spiritism, he has unnecessarily committed Slim self to statements and opinions on ¡Christian doctrine and the nature of Christian (evidence, which, whether true or false, have ^absolutely nothing to do with spiritism. ¡Spiritism must stand on its own merits and ton its own evidence, and so must Christianity. iFor, whether the evidences of Christianity tare many or few, whether they amount to the jhighest moral certainty on the one hand, orare jutterlyunwortbyof belief on the other, spiritis ni isneitherbenefitednor injured thereby. Itrust, /therefore, if the controversy is to continuo pouch longer, that "J. S." will confino him (self to the main issue ; namely, whether the evidences of spiritism are such as to load to the conclusion that the spirits of disembodied ipersonshold communication with us on earth through mediums ? The evidence adduced in support of the affirmative of this proposition by "J. S." is extremely vague and unsatisfactory. It «may be resolved into these two facts or ¡¡positions :-L The fact of mediumship, or filio suspension of the will, in some cases ¡accompanied with the suspension of the (powers of intelligence and feeling, and occa- sionally also with a considerable diminution Df the energies of vitality ; 2. The appropria- tion and use of such persons as are thus affected in such a manner and for such pur- poses as admit of no other explanation than that they are made the medium of communi- cations from spirits. If "J. S." has other evidence to adduce in support of his position, ¡ho has not given it as far as I have seen ; ¡and notwithstanding all he has said in sup. port of the general argument, I am still compelled to abide by my opinion that he has failed to make good his ground. With respect to the first fact, that of mediumship, rand all the phenomena usually associated jtvith partially or wholly deadened brains, «ve may at once admit it as a fact without in the least being compelled to adopt tho hypothesis of spiritism. We may then go ton to the consideration of the second fact on which spiritism is said scientifically to rest, namely, the assertion of the appropriation of the deadened brain of the medium by the higher intelligences, and the proofs which those manifestations afford that such posses- sion is real, and the only hypothesis that will rationally account for the facts. Under this head attention is directed to the fact that tho testimony of the mediums themselves is uni- form as to their.being taken possession of by the higher or spiritual intelligences, and that these intelligences are quite consistent and äiarmonious iu their manifestations. But can ¿ve take the testimony of any one whose consciousness is in an abnormal condition? I räoii't think we can. If any one should say, and continue to assert, that he was the Grand Turk, or if another should affirm con- tinually that he was a great turnip, notwith- standing the consistency of the one in trying to cut off his subject's heads, or of the other in objecting to be pulled or peeled, we should Bend them to a lunatic asylum, where there ure already many sad and mysterious cases of mistaken personal identity and consistent ipoisistent hallucination and manifestations of abnormal consciousness. If it should be objected that there is no analogy betwixt madness and mediumship, I have only to reply that in my humble opinion there is a striking analogy ; and the only difference I can see is, that mediumship is temporary derangement, while madness is fixed or chronic. Here I refuse to be drawn away by the assertion that mediumship is a doctrine of Scripture ; for even although it is, it does not prove spiritism to be true. It may be re- marked, however, in passing, that mediumship or possession was confined to evil spirits, unless in the case of those who professed to havo within them the spirit of God ; while even in regard to those who had an evil spirit, there is no evidence of their brains «being deadened. They seem, on the other hand, to have been preternaturally active ; ?with a strange, confused consciousness, it is tiue, but yet, amidst all the disorder, with a sense of degradation, and a strong yearning after freedom and purity. A good spirit will not surely come into the house of my soul unasked, either through the window or the loof, and take possession of my organism iunknown to mo, or for purposes of which I may not approve, Such appropriation would be spiritual larceny. And a bad spirit will not get ¡u if I can help it ; and were it not that this age has become so full of the sentiment of universal benevolence that it cannot brook even the existence of the devil, I would caution all who are engaged in this study, and who have come to the conclusion that there taro innumerable spirits around them and about them, anxious to communicate their thoughts to this world, to beware of counter- feit, to look well after their conscience and their whole moral nature ; for even although there should be no devil, there may be ¡amongst those "higher intelligences" some of a very low and vicious disposition, who, with the last infirmity of noble minds, may have very ambitious projects, and at the samo time be thoroughly unscrupulous as to the manner in which they seek to accomplish their "diabolical" purposes. But leaving this aspect of tho subject, it may be said-"When the character of the communication is ardently or deraonstrably «beyond the power or capacity of the medium, Es there any other hypothesis possible than that of spiritism ?" There is. In every indi- vidual case the question is, what is tho nature of the communication ? If tho medium speaks -or writes in a language unknown to him ; ïivos out facts that are beyond his knowledge ; sees through stone walls, and at great dis- tances, over mountain, and continent, and sea-even on the admission that these things toro facts there is no necessity for the adoption of spiritism, for if the higher intelligences can take possession of a deadened brain, why should? not the lower or human intelli »enees do the same? In point of fact they do, or something very like it. Mediums seo with other men's eyes, and think and speak at the will of the operator. Almost every communication I have seen-and I have read a good many-could, without straining or twisting be resolved either into ,*b« brain of tho medium himself, or into that m .¡.ax who has succeeded in establishing a strange influence over bim. In the com- munications of "J. S." I see nothing but a xotlection of his own mind, and some of his favourite speculations. What is true is not Dew ; and what is new, such as the spirits' revelations about the origin of man and lan- guage, is of such a character that it is ¡perfectly incapable of proof, either as to its truth or falsehood. Such is the evidence which " J. S." adduces in support of Bpiritism. This evidence he «believes to be more direct and stronger than that on which Christianity rests 1 I «yould not like to insinuate that surely i J. S." has never studied the evidences of Christianity. I will only add that if tho ¡evidences of Christianity ure not stronger thau those which are brought forward in support of spiritism, the marvel is that it should have been believed in so tenaciously and so long. If it has not more to say for -ima thau spiritism, it ia not worth powder and shot, and the eoonor it crumbles into dust the better. If that day should ever come, then the "dirt philosophy" may erect its altars on its ruins ; and the high priest of materialism may, as Carlyle says, flourish his fryingpan as the most significant sign of human happiness and social progress, when the race is robbed of tho hann nf immnr. tality. A. G. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS, Sir,- As "M.C'hos not noticed tho remarks of his critic "J. M.," who took him to task for claiming Buckle not only as one who believed that when a man dios his indi- viduality dies with him, but as far from being such a materialist, 1 venture to ask you to accept a few lines-not in vindication of " M. C." for his careless citation, so much as to thank him for it, and to suggest that "J. M. " rather overshot the mark in hi3 strictures. For the particular purpose of his citation, " M. C." was certainly entirely wrong, for Mr. Buckle in his History ofOivilkation, as well as in his review of Mr. Mill's essay on "Liberty," expresses views diametrically opposed to thoso attributed to him by " M, C." respecting im- mortality. But by denying that Mr. Buckle was "auch a materialist," "J. M." appears to me to be as much in error as "M, C For if there is one writer who has done moro than others in the present century to advance materialistic principles, I should certainly say that Buckle was the man, and that he has done more than all the others together ad- duced by "M. C." Buckle was a materialist of the first water. Materialism pervades and is the basis of almost the wholo of his powerful writings ; but his advocacy of the doctrine of immortality was merely incidental, and it is an understatement to say that for one page in which Buckle advocated immortality he wrote a hundred as a staunch and consistent materialist. I think that he should, there- fore, be judged to have preponderated as a materiahst. "J. M." himself evidently con- siders the two doctrines so antagonistic that because Buckle advocated immortality he ought not to be classed as a materialist ; and "M. C." placed the accurate antagonism of the two doctrines in such a clear and proper light that there should be no doubt on that point; therefore, if Mr. Buckle was, as I have shown, a materialist, his advocacy incidentally of the doctrine of immortality wasapieceofinconsistency,and "M.C's"over- sight was not altogether an unnatural one. But I thank "M.C." for making it, because Buckle's review of Mill's "Liberty" was unknown to me, and probably many others may be equally obliged to him for having their attention thus directed to it. I have just read it for tho first time, but if I was gratified at the suggestive exposition and defence of true liberty therein contained, I must confess to as much disappointment at his miserable defence of the doctrine of a future state,. which he rests upon one of the very weakest arguments ever used in its favour, namely, "the universality of the affections, and the yearning of every mind to care for something out of itself." He first refutes the argument based on book revelation, and next that founded on the triumph of injustice in this world demanding rectification in an- other. His refutation of these might be far moro poworful. But his argument in favour of the doctrine seems to me as weak and childish as those of Plato, or even of the spiritualists. As "J. M." calls it an able ono, I may perhaps point out that several objec- tions are each fatal to it. First,-The yearnings of the human miad are notoriously as a rule not gratified. Secondly,-The affections are more nearly related to tho inferior or animal than the superior or intellectual part of man ; and of this their universality is corroborative. Thirdly,-The human desire is easily proved to be not really for another future life, but simply for continuance of the present one. Poor Buckle's exceeding great and bitter cry on his death-bed, " Oh ! my book, my book 1" was an ample and conclusive disproof of his argument. But " M.C." might have claimed a greater name than Buckle, which I shall ' now produce-Shakspeare. Of course, his writings may be quoted for almost every view of-any argument, according to the particular character of the person into whose mouth the language is put. This consideration should of course never be overlooked in quoting from such writings : but if we can expect to arrive at all at Shafespeare's genuine sentiments, those which he expresses in the reflections of the philosophic Prince Hamlet appear most eminently eligible for. the purpose. From these I shall quote a strong corroboration of the third of the disproofs givon above of Buckle's argument, (Act V., scene 1.) I put the salient points in small capitals. " To be, or KOI TO BE. That is tho question. Whether 'tis nobler lu tho mind to sutler Tho slings and arrows of outrageous fortuno, Or to take arms against a sea of troubles, And, by opposing-end them. To die,-io SLEEP, No MORE ; and by a sleep to say WE END TUB HEARTACHE, and tho thousand natural shocks Thatiloib Is heir to -'TIS A CONSUMMATION DEVOUTLY TO BE WISHED. To die ;-to sloop ; To sleep! perchance to dream ; ay I THERE'S the rub! For In that eleop of death what dreams may como Whon we have shuffled oil tbls mortal coll, Must glvo us pause ; THERE'S tbo roBpect That makes calamity of so long Ufo. For who would boar the whip» and scorns of timo, The oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely, Tho pangs of dlsprlzed love, the law's delay, Tho lnsolonco of office, and the spurns That patient merit of the unworthy takes, When he himself might his quietus mako With a bare bodkin ? Who would fardóla bear To grunt and sweat under a weary life, But that THE DREAD of SOMETHING AFTER DEATH, Tbo undiscovered country from whose boura Mo travellor returns-puzzles the will, ?And makes us rather bear tbo lils wo have Than fly to otberB that WE KNOW NOT Of? Thus coneolonce does mako cowards of us all." If death bo Bleep, It Is a consummation Devoutly to bo wished ; BUT IF TO LIVE Perohanco-rERCnANCE to dream-ay ! THHKB'S tho rub! It Is tho BREAD OF BOMB LIFE AFTER death That makes calamity of so long Ute. Ti'« not at final death-Bur THE DARE ciutait OF LIFE BETOND-that men aro most appall'd. The mighty master's words are quite as heterodox as mine. The immortality for which man really longs, is-not to die, Bimply. It is this life to which he clings. And there is no man but will-however he may verbally express hope, confidence, or pleasure in the thought of post mortem happiness-pay all he is worth to a human doctor to keep him-aye, only one half-hour -out of heaven ! I think I have now overtrumped the highest cards of tho Spiritualists, both in Argument and Authority (with my A's-ace), and per- haps you will let them have another deal. I have a deal more for them, and remain, Sir, yours obediently, 0. South Yarra, Jan. 14. The Pastoral Times "regrets to hear that the late destruction by fire of the Hon. Wm. Campbell's flock of sheep (5,000 in number), has had tbo effect of impairing the mind of the superintendent of the station (Mr, Turner), who has been sent to Melbourno to bo treated for the disease. These bush-fires have, in many cases, proved most damaging ; and we are afraid that only a few of tho dreadful incidents attending these fires reach the public ear." One of the candidates for Parliamentary honours at the last Tumut election- John Thomas Valentine Walker-has, we learn from the Border Post, laid an information against bimself for bigamy. The case came before the Albury Bench on the 2nd inst., and is thus reported :- John Thomas Valen- tine Walker was brought up, charged with bigamy. It appears from the evidence of Sergeant Lenthal that prisoner went to the lock-up about 12 o'clock on Saturday night and asked to see the sergeant, who was im- mediately sent for, and on coming to the lock-up prisoner said, " Now, sergeant, if you have a sheet of clean paper I will tell you something." The sergeant then said, "Do you want to lay a charge against yourself ?" The prisoner then said "Yes," whereupon the sergeant cautioned him, to the effect that whatever statement he made would be taken down and brought as evidence against him at his trial. Prisoner said he was satisfied. He seemed as if he had been suf- fering a recovery. He was sober at the time. The statement went to show that prisoner had been married in Melbourne to a Mary Dally, when he was 17 years of age ; that she had four children to him ; that he had left her and come to Albury some nine years ago ; that he had been married about eight years ago to Jane Spalding ; that he had worked for Mr. Thompson, and that he had been in business in Tumut and Adelong. The whole statement went to show that he had been married twice, and therefore the sergeant asked him, " What he gave himself in charge for? was it bigamy?" when he replied, "He did not know about bigamy, for the first marriage had to be proved." He stated that he had received letters from Mary Dally, and that she was going to prosecute him, but that the magistrates would not sign the warrant. The Bench remanded prisoner for eight days, bail allowed, himself in £80 and two sureties of £40 each, 