COUNTRY OORRFf P0NDHN0B. AUBURN, January 2i a neewnsf in connection with the Northern Agricultural Society w..s hoi I last ev«»ui.ig ta the Town Hall, where ahout 6i) were prosont ? Mr. H. E. Bright, M.P., tho Provident, took VUV VMUMI XL4.VV4 JJUIUO U.IMJU331OI1 It W&3 Tfc solved to adjourn till further arrangements oould be mace for the neit Show. Much to the satisfaction of the farmora wV^fc has gradually risen from 3s. 6d. to 3s. 9d. during the past week. CLARENDON, January 20. Mr. and Mrs. Teice, of near Sea View, lately went to their paddock to get a swarm of bees that had collected on a limb of a large tree, and Mrs. Teice was standing beneath the tree while her husband was chopping the branch, which broke off before it was expected, falling on Mrs. Teice, dislocating her ancle and breaking her leg. While Mrs. Tozer, of Cherry Gardens, was passing a tree recently, a limb broke off and fell on her, dislocating her shoulder. When a grandson of Mr. Steer's, of Baker's Gully, was the other day returning from a blacksmith's shop on a rather spirited horse, his hat blew off, startling the animal, which threw the lad on the top of a post at the roadside, wounding him severely in the head and other- wise bruising him. He was taken up insensible. The sufferers in the above affairs are pro- gressing favourably under the treatment of Dr, Webster. Mr. Babbington, an old resident, a few days ago went down his well, which is over 40 feet deep, with 5 feet of water in it, to remove a heavy log that had been there for some time. After he had fastened a rope round it the man in charge of the windlass drew the log to tbe surface ; but suddenly the handle slipped, and when the log with the roller went to the bottom Mr. Babbington was seated just above the water, his legs apart, and the log passed between. The roller struck a rock, causing a portion of the stone to fall on the back of Mr, Babbington's head and inflicting a bad wound. The roller after striking rebounded and went into the water. Assistance was soon on the spot, and Mr. Babbington was brought from his perilous position. On the 18th instant Mrs. C, Barnett. of Wiokham's Hill, was being driven home by a son of Mrs. Schirmer, of Adelaide, and in coming down the decline through this town the breach iLg broke. The horse fell, cutting both kneo3 badly. Master Schirmer was thrown on his head over the horse, but sustained no seriotfs injury; while Mrs. Barnett and tha Misses Scnirmer escaped damage. Another horse was secured, and the party were taken home not much the worse for the accident but' frightened. ' SLIDING ROCK, January 20. Mr. D. Barry, a comedian, amused the rest* dents by two entertainments, which were oon-* ridered a treat; The building used was the new an dspacious apartment known here asthecarpon ter's shop, and erected by the owners of this mine. The room was filled. The prbgramme»oon9iBted of olever impersonations of different oharaoters,. the actor rapidly changing his dress. An elderly female- styled Mrs. Brown, in giving a description of the sights she witnessed at the play, caused much merriment and applaus«r. Mr. Barry sung several new soBgs, and L the performance concluded with trape&o; feat* ' and the rope-tying trick, which rivals that of , the Davenport Brothers, ,; Freshening showers have fallen. The mine workings are progressing satiafac- ' factorily, end from all appearances copper ore i* not, far distant on the Extended Sliding Rock.. Mining Company's sections. BDITHBURGH TOWN; January 30. ; Harvesting is nearly finished.1 '- Cold and stormy weather; was a considerable drawback to ' the reaping, but people managed to get their crops gathered. The yield varies from 10 to 2& bushels per acre, and in some places as many aa ' 30 have been reaped. The result as a whole ia satisfactory, especially as the land is new,. Ample proof has been given that wheat will grow in these areas. The grain is so splendid1 that many farmers had underestimated their1 T, yield, Hut the wheat being so weighty brings a good balance on tho credit aide. ' Some' settlers intend contributing a few bushels of wheat each to compensate Mr. Tucker^ who lost a good deal of his wheat by fire on January 5. It is hoped that many per- .. sons will follow the example set, and thus assist in a case of ne«d. The jetty is slowly progressing, and great dis satisfaction is expressed that no wheat can' be shipped here yet although the Government pro mised to have the pier constructed in time thir season. The residents trust that some notior. may be taken at head -quartern of the delay and apply an effective remedy. Under the present state of things the people are compelled to continue the miserable and awkward plan of loading the wheat at 8alt Creek. The want of direct postal communication across the Gulf has never been po much felt aa now in the busy wheat season. Great changes in tbe price of produce take place before new* arrives here, and it is of great importation that this want should be considered1 by tha authorities. It is believed that if a- olalm is properly represented a mail across tho Gulf will be granted, and if not other steps must be taken to carry the point. Hopes are enter* tained that the completion of tho jetty will cause a favourable alteration with regard to postal affairs. MEADOWS, January 23. After the holidays the licensed school re opened with a slight increase in the number of pupils over previous years. Another family has left, and. two more will go- : shortly. . By a large bush-fire between this place and Pans Creek on Friday and Saturday several fences and a few buBhels of wheat were burnt. Several other fires were raging arouud. ; Tbe bridge and approaches at McHarg'a Creek, will soon be completed. Horticultural SPECTMKire.— Mr. Jan. White head has left at the Mount Gambier 8landtir£ Office four onions of unusually large size. The four weigh a little over eight pounds, and the* largest one when pulled weighed three pounds two ounces. . |w Dr. Bright's Phosphodynh.— Molti- TUDE8 OF Pkoplb are hopelessly suffering from Debility, Nervous and Liver Complaints, De pression of Spirits, Delusions, Unntness for Business or Study, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, &c;, whoso oases admit of a permanent core by the new remedy — PH08PH0DYNK (OzoHio Oxygen)— whioh at once allays all irritation and exoitement. imparts new energy and life to the enfeebled constitution, and rapidly cures every stigo of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladies.. Sold by all Chemists and Storekeepers through- . out tie Colonies, from whom Pamphlets con taining testimonials may be obtained^ ~ $&? Caution.— Be particular to ask for Db. ' Bright's Phosphodink, aa imitations ar* . abroad . ? 4«94 ' , MABAVILLA C0C0A.~OpinIons of the Pre«fc — ' Those who have not yet tried Maravil}& wi^T' * - dowtill to do bo.'— Morning Pott. 'It inay justly be called the perfection of prepared Cocoa,'— British Medical Journal. £ MABAYILLAC0C0A.-Tfae Woft gays:-* 'Taylor Brothers' Mararilla Cocoa kjw achioved- % thorough suoceaa, and supersedes overy othe.' Cocoa in the market. Kntire solubility, a deli* cate aroma, and a rare concentration of the .t purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the. Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For Invalids and Dyspeptic*, we could not roci&mmead; a. more agreeable or valuable beverage.'' HOMOEOPATHIC C0C0A.-Tbw original we paratioE, which haa attained such a world-wide reputation, is manufactured by TAYLOR BROTHERS under the ablest hptno&opafchlo; advioe aided by the skill and experienaet of the inventors, and will be found to combine in aa eminent degree the purity, tiue aroma, ao&. , . nutritious prop«rtv of tbe fresh nut. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, made in oue mfautei without boiliag. The above articles £w pr«» pared exclusively by Tiivl»r BrotSujr^ «ta» i ?largest manufacture™ in ftiropa, and now. 'iR tin-lined packets only, by Storakeotittfs 'ftn(j other* all over tbe war'd. Stoain MiUa, Pirick. lane, London; Export Chjcorj Mill*, drug**. B&lgtan;, ?5ar*U7liY : 