PEK5HTJBST. fFBOM OCR OWK CORRRKPnVTlEVT 1 February 6. For die last jive days a most destructive bush-fire nas been xsgmg to die conth and west of Mount Boose, causing the destruction of many thousand acres of grass. Owing to die length of the grass, die beat of die weather, and the high -winds that generally prevailed, little or nothing could be done to extinguish the fire. I trust to-day's mild showers will put a stop to it. As usual, in case of bush-fires, its origin cannot be tzaiced with any degree of certainty ; but it is eene rally snppoeed to have escaped from a dry swamp which was purposely set on fire to destroy its rank vegetation. If so, I can only say that the act of setting fire to the swamp was a highly reprehensible one — destroying die properties of neighbours for mpes ; and die perpetrator of such a wanton mischief ought to be vigorously prosecuted. Last Friday we had die Kennedys in die Mechanics' Institute Hall, which was crowded on the occasion. As is tile case in every place where this talented family perform, they encoeeded in giving entire satisfaction to their aodifnee, who were only sorry they had not another opportunity of hearing diem. From tiie number of children to be seen in the State School grounds about noon, I should say that the echool-room is totally in adequate to accommodate them. I am in formed by die teacher tiiat die excess over the corresponding months of last year is about fifty-five per cent, and likely to amount to eighty or more in a month or six weeks. The school is recruited chiefly from children who never were in school before. I bear there is a prospect of die Government renting die Temperance Hall as a temporary school room, which, though very suitable for such a purpose, is far preferable to the present About twelve or fifteen month* ago, die private friends of die Bev. Mr. AUsworth determined to present that gentieman with a boggy and harness, aad I am glad to see that tiiey have at last succeeded in their laudable endeavour, and tiiat in future be will be able to go about with a great deal more ease and comfort dian fonxieiiv.'* The tnm VHTtonAtfifc of a contemporary ifi at fault in saying that the presentation was either a congregational or a public ooe, as it was neither tbe one dot tbe otiier, bat simply die free-will offering of b few sympathising friends, who were anxious that Mt AlUworUi should be enabled to per form ids labours in his widely- extended charge, with as mneh ease to' himself es possible. - ?' ?'- ? ' ? ??.?'? '-? The staff of life, .or flour, is xa£ber a scarce article in PenEhnret at present, as since Mr. Xfaxmondi faas become Jiie owner cf * die* flour-m21s, we have had no gristing done. There is now plenty of new wheat in the dis trict and in our T«™*p^'fa» gMjpMmprnrHM^ and it is to ie hoped tiiat the rofll wfll soon be started. ;. ;;: :'?*'. °~\ ' 'v v '' ' . ... 