Ever alive to self-preservative instincts, our Maryborough neighbours take amazingly good care not to let slip the slightest chance of local improvement. We are bound to -admire them for it, and only wish the same impulses could be inculcated into our some-? 4 what lethargic population under the Py renees. We seem to possess a peciiliar ' aptituuo for simple imitation but a strange fatality' of non-realization. Jumping at . conclusions is a pleasantly exciting game , while it lasts hut when the jumps are over and the conclusions do not arrive, reflection does not come kindly in any shape. The present state of things relative to railway extension is as satisfactory to .us as we might perhaps expect.. We have had " fly ing surveys-' - and - lines laid down on paper and visits from cheerful, stalwart contract ors on the look-out for good and sound timber only — as to neighbourhood — to be found on the hills westward of us, and we ..possess a definite assurance which can be relied oji that within . a time not difficult to reckon on" we shall have the railway. So far has this belief obtained that, already, the cheerful .property-holders of the town of Avoca. are "speculating about the question of . where the site for the station should be." Such speculation is of course premature"; but one course is.open:to us and one -which \yq are bound to adopt in all good faith, " and that -is; a- diligent perseverance rintlie .assertion of our right to 'railway extension, backed by the unanswerable argument of accruing : profit; ? The Marfflorou'gh Standard of 3Testerday';has some smart and' pertinent remarks upon the subject,. and' the compiler : of them talfes a comprehensive and correct ; view of it in a general sense, but is lop sided" to "an awful angle when it co'rnes to talk about the benefits likely to be conferred upon the railway financiers by the "High- land Gathering of the- North Western Fro- ; vinco" on New Year's Day, 18 74-. By all i means let there be a " social organization" of municipal bodies on the occasion, and let the H ighlaucL Gathering, .be /' kilt intirely/;' | to ; everlasting'" glorification.' Bat we must not adopt the inane motto that " lookers ,6m see the best of the game." As'a rule 'they do- not. The'Zperformers have -the best of -jt an.d can criticize a' whole treasury of audi ence at a glance far quicker and b'etter than a whole pit-full (we had almost -'writ ten pit- fall) of critics. Fire- works are.yery pretty,; wheiv judiciously let offi but they last JLsuoh a ? little dime,"— the complaint of Dean Swift's widow's wooing." What we want; is the realization of the promise that the railway should he extended to Avoca for treasons which it is entirely, unnecessary here to multiply. One fact alone speaks, for itself and -for U9.— -In- norprevious -y ear has so much wool gone down to'.- market as; at this season. Day. after_day, .Hour Ey hour, have we witnessed ungainly., teams of bul locks dragging their slow length along with loads of . valuable material which might be whisked dowmto. Melbourne at a'cost scorcely exceeding "the driver's drinks' if we had the railway. ' Once more let us enjoin the people who possess ! influence in, Avoca and neigh bourhood tplqok vigilantly after the interests which , theyj 'axe admitted to possess. We " believe Mr. Gillies hasy acted in all good faith, but it is impossible do forget the active principle of self-duty he has often and wisely imposed upon all advancing communities. The hot weather having fairly set in, we are bound to repeat our precautions a6 to the use of fire amongst grass and underwood. No matter how serene and quiet the day may be, in these latitudes breezes spring up with a suddenness and force not to be anticipated. Every bush-fire should be stamped out before leaving it. It is only an observance of common humanity to do so. And, as to smoking, — well, that's unconquerable and incurable, notwithstanding its unpleasant con comitants'. We shall never hear of a lodge of Good .Tpbacco Templars. > On < -Tuesday: afternoon considerable interesLwas excited amongst local accliroatisers' by the arrival at Avoca of a consignment of English perch ova, presented by' the ' Ballarat Fislf Acclimatisation r Society. .The fish, under the .charge of Mr A. Melville and Mr F. Steel, consisted of nine mature fish"., and about a thousand unhatched ova, Every care was taken in the transport,, the water in. which the fish were, being changed repeatedly on thejour- ney.l Unfortunately, on arrival at the Lamplough reservoir, "where a stoppage was made" in order to refresh the fish by a change of. the needful element, it was" 'discovered that out of the nine mature fish, seven had succumbed to the hardships of the transit, only two giving signs of life. These latter, as a last chance, were set free in the reservoir,, together with a. few young fry, which had burst the shell. > Oh arrival at Avoca, it was deemed advisable by' the members of the society present, to place the remaining ova in Air Fletcher's dam on -the Moun- tain Creek. This was successfully accomplished without loss of time the same , evening. Before placing the ova in the dam it was observed that hundreds more of the young fry had burst the shell, swimming about as jolly as possible. The whole, were carefully placed in shallow water, pro tected both from predatory blackfish and shags. The; success attending this last effort of the local society is certainly gratifying, and it is to be hoped, every true sportsman will do his utmost to prevent the young perch being- disturbed or destroyed during the next two years. Alter that.time has | "elapsed, ova and young fish will be distributed and placed in the different streams and reservoirs throughout. the district. The society, we are in- j formed, have exhausted their funds, but are deter- ' mined, without delay, to procure from six to a dozen brace of young hares, to be distributed in , localities to be selected by the members. In the ! meantime all those favourable to the progress of acclimatisation, will do well to render some little pecuniary assistance, which will be thankfully ac knowledged by the Secretary, Mr R. H. Lambert, Manager of the Bank of Victoria. This year will be remembered as one full of acci dents to be chronicled. Yesterday a son of Mr Timothy Martin was playing with a billy goat, when he fell and broke his arm, -Really more care ! should be. exercised in the ways of everyday life. | Scarcely a single mishap occurs which is not trace able to some indiscretion or carelessness on the part >. of these who suffer injury. : j. .- j We notice with satisfaction the announcement ' of the Show of the Maryborough Agricultural and | Horticultural Society, which is appointed to be held j on the 4th and 5th of 'November at the Prince's i Park, Maryborough. Schedules of exhibits, I prizes, &c.;, can be obtained upon application at J Avoca from Mr Carr, P.M., and .Messrs. Hall, ' Buhlert, and C. Bailey. From the pains taken j and through the- unwearying "exertiohs'of .Mr E. j W, Bagshawe, the honorary-secretary; 'this exhibi- 1 tion .should be largely attended and promises to be j as successful as its warmest promoters could desire, i We do not doubt that Avoca will be well re- i' presented. j It will be perceived by an advertisement in ' another column that the entertainment in aid of; the funds of the Mechanics' Institute is definitely ! fixed to -take place on Thursday next, the 23rd j" instant. Every effort has been made to secure a ' good and attractive programme, and we sincerely | trust the committee will meet with the support! which they deserve. .. . . i , The names of. the Misses Malcolm should have had more prominent mention in our report of the late successful concert at Amphitheatre, as /their singing, whether in duets or solos, was much admired, and these ladies moreover journeyed a long distance to render their services. We are always sorry -when an omission of . this kind occurs in matters of this nature, and are at all times obliged for any corrective suggestion. In addition to being unable to be present at the entertainment, we had1 no programme for our guidance. I A Sydney, telegram says that on Tuesday Mr Robey, a broker, and Mr J. Ellis, a clerk, left! Broken Bay in the. sailing skiff Lotus. Upon j returning here a : southerly " buster" caught them i near the Heads, and they ran back . to Long Reef, where the boat was caught, in the breakers and capsized. Ellis was drowned, but Robey managed to reach the shore in an exhausted stated He lay on the beach until morning, and then walked to- M unity Beach,.. The boat came ashore . during the night. '"-" - " ; ! The railway Income continues to come in in the most satisfactorj. manner. The revenue for the week ending October 6th amounted to £18,975 lT.s 8d., that for the corresponding week of last year was £15,458 16s. 8d. - The revenue for last week was the largest ever 'received/ with - theex- ceptiou of that for the Melbourne Clip week, when it reached the, sum of £20,921 lis. IQd. . . / On Saturday two thoroughly colonial boys amused themselves by setting dogs on a cow belonging to Mr J. W. Lobb, M.L.A., in the paddock behind his house in Brunswick. Attracted by the barking, several of the youthful- members of- Mr Lobb's family went towards- the "scene, when the cow, thoroughly enraged by the dogs, left them, and? charged the children. It knocked ;down one fine little fellow about five years old, and then took up a position oyer him, pawing the ground and bellow ing like a wild bull, occasionally digging at him I wit h her horns. Hearing the screams of/the child, several persons ran. to the rescue ; but the animal was.obstinate, and would not be driven off. At length a cabman named iNeyitt,?more ; veritufesprpe than the others, drew the lad away by the leg from under the animal's nose. T he-cow is usually- quiet, - and allows the children to ride.her, and Vplay witli her Beyond receiving a few bruises, the child was unhurt. .- ; Fijian news, received by. way of Sydney; is to the effect, that the/?disturbances at Levuka have -beenquelled by the active interference of the com - mander.of H .M.S.- Blanche; who has taken the part of. the. Government and threatens to arrest anyone who resists its authority; :Gakobau's ministfy -is. about to follow up its advantage by? the pro mu Iga - tion . of a new. const itution, which - " gives to. the natives the endre rigift to govern Fiji." l?he;=ex-' p.ected arrival of a German war vessel,' for the presumably of residents of. that/ nation - ;?flty»;iAcfcrred. to. Should .ithe- German com ma n der f d 11 o iy the policy of interference adopted' by Hfltjsh, naval. officers in the South Seas, it is to hoped, for the sake of harmony, .that, his views may coincide with, those of Captain Simpson. To transpose a common 6aying, one-half the world dosen t know how the other half dies. Our ireaders. will find it hard to believe that in their very midst children die from sheer starvation. Yet such was. absolutely the verdict given by a coronet's jury yesterday; As gathered froni the evidence the following are the particulars of the- casei: — Wm.- Dumas, an illegitimate child,' whose niother resides wi t h: ber mother, died on Monday morning. The mother of the deceased stated that her bpby was.two months and a half old, and that she had suckled it till it had died, but she wss sure she Lad not enough.milk. She gave it a little oatmeal and .water,- with sugar, -to assist the nourishment, but it was of no avail. Twice she took it to the hos pital, but on neither occasion would Dr\Owen see ,.it, as she was alter the hour for receiving out-door patients. She had not the means of providing suitable nourishment for the child, and Constable Crampton, the father, refused to assist her. This testimony was corroborated by the girl's mother. The verdict of the jury was to the effect that death' was caused bv exhaustion brought on hv insufRnioin1 and improper food. — Ballarat Courier, Wednes day. The lighthouse-keeper at Wilson's Promontory has reported to the chief harbour master that on October 7 a boat came ashore at the entrance of the Darby River. He describes its appearance as follows An open boat, square stern, freshly painted, bottom white, above water-line black, inside brown below the thwarts, green above, about 20ft. long, and 7ft in beam. The name is painted out side the stem, but the surf was too high to allow its being made out. The mast thwart is gone, and the bows stove in. " By the last mail," says the Ballarat Courier " The Ballarat Woollen Company's order was despatched for three sets of machines and a com plete ' finishing' plant ; Messrs. James Service and Co., of Melbourne, having agreed to indent the same.on very , favourable terms for the company. When this additional machinery is received and fixed, the manufacturing power will be more than quadrupled, and the mill able to turn. out any..class. of woollen goods, including all kinds of tweeds and broadcloth. v " ? Our readers will regret to hear, says the Ovens Spectator , that a disease ltew in - this district 'and quite distinct- from rust, has made its appearance" at Whorouly.in the wheat and oat crop, ;the latter' suffering the most. It is said to 'resemble in ap pearance the common blight, which has been so destructive to some fruit: and mother trees, but it is more likely to be a distinct form of disease. .It is said that the crop attacked by it' quickly withers aw-ay and. ;is - deprived pf all recuperativepowers,, the root being seemingly affected. ; On Saturday night last, wjiile a young? man of the. name of Wm. Gilbert was. on watch at Alien's. Freehold (alluvia.!)., Company; he observed near the, sluicebox "a; man, whom he Jiailed "four ; times to stand, but no notice being taken; he fired, and the man at once fell. Finding the. man was killed, Gilbert went into Guildford and gave himself up to the police. The deceased has been identified as that of a noted thief named Ah Moo Yeu.. In reference to the above the Serald of Tuesday evening says, — "The coroner's jury after some consideration brought in a verdict of manslaughter, with- a strong recommendation to mercy. This verdict, says the M. A. Mail , seemed to satisfy the immense throng that had assembled ;to- hear the particulars of the case. - When asked if he had anything to say, Mr Gilbert said he had intended to shoot rabbits about Yapcen, and he had put the rivet in the gun thinking the shot was not large enough. He was admitted to bail,. £100 and two sureties— Fox and Lewis — for the same. r The witnesses were-bound over.to appear at the Supreme Court on the 20th instant." Attention was directed in Parliament on Tuesday to the claims of several suggested lines of railway not con te'm plat eel by the "Government measure. The inhabitants of Horsham are strongly of opinion that the Railway Blil now before the House of Assembly ought to include a line from Stawell to Horsham. A .petition to that effect., recently adopted at a public meeting heltj in the latter town,' was yesterday presented to parliament by Mr McBain'butit had to . be " withdrawn in conse quence of an informality. It was set forth in the petition that up to the present date there had been granted at the Horsham land office, under the Land Act of 1869, 254,192 acres besides large tracts of country in the neighborhood of Horsham which had been granted by the Stawell and Hamil ton land boards, while of the quantity mentioned 85,000 had been, granted, during the past four months. It was.also stated that there would be an enormous yield of grain this year, though the nearest seaport was Geelong, the- western seaports being unavailable in consequence of t he Grampian ranges intervening. The petitioners believed that the great cost of constructing >roads. in: the district, which from the scarcity of stone averaged £3,00.0 per mile, would prevent a main road being made from Horsham to Stawell for years to come. The construction of such a line of railway as was sug gested would also, it was contended, secure the' trade of the country north and west of Horsham, which would otherwise go to South -Australia. Mr McBain subsequently gave notice of his intention to move that power be taken in the Railway Bill before the House, for the construction of this pro posed" line. Mr Higinbotham also-presented a numerously signed petition in favor of the outer- circle line of railway. Major Smith has given notice of his intention to move the omission of the line from Hamil(on>to Portland, with a view to inserting a direct main trunk line from Ballarat to Melbourne ; and Mr Woods proposes that a line from Avoca to St Arnaud be added to the bill. — Argus. ; The Ballarat Courier gives the following extract from the letter of a former well known " Corner man" .'—Port Darwin; 23rd August, 1873. Dear , I arrived on the 14th instant. On the 4th we got on to .a -sandbank off Cape Melville, and there remained three days. Just now the climate is beautiful. -very hot, close, and muggy ; but we have cool breezes. Fever and ague attacked the great majority, but they are recovering slowly. Many took fearfully ill and prostrated. It is no place for white men to work. I start for the reefs next week, -Numbers ; of prospecting parties, are going forward, but no work as yet has been done ; so no one can give an opinion how: the reefs will turn out. Golden leaders abound, but "'nothing justifies a rush ;; everything is .dear,. and; inland, money, will not pay a meal,as all carry their o\vn grub for twelve months. Any day a .discovery may be made. 1 may remain here over the wet season, but probably I shall return. Just now the port, is busy, £1 a day being- paid for men to un load .boats. v There are. a>bout .150 people here, as many at Southp'ort, and; 300. or 400 employed by companies. L No-room for business men as yet, arid if poor men come they will starve, as there, is no alluvial. A lot of swindles have been perpetrated on Adelaide folks. Some .have no quartz at all, others have no claims, and others in'swamps. In- fact, four months ago you had but to mark off -a piectyoL ground, telegraph .to Adelaide, and rfloat- a- company. Still, I fully believe it will turn out a rich reefing country; I advise no' one to come at preserit/yThe living is awfully bad. I live on bread, jam, and: potatoes. 1 cannot touch pre served meat, as : yet. Newinan' -and . Paul are big men here, and represent wealthy companies. I am in fine health, very hungry, and nothing worth eating comes across rrie.-— Your's truly, W, B. WiLDKY. . ;? ? Intlie cour?ejof his repiarks on Tuesday evening upon the Railway Construction Bill, -Mr H anna, M.L.A., alluded to the discoyery . in the. county of Mqfriingtoh of a permanent' and shbstButial coal'- field. He was ref'erring tpjhe ground occupied by the " Great Victoria .Coal-mining ' Qompanv. who have leased 2,395| acres inThel Serezlecki Rapges, ; Gipps Land, for lo years, at a rental" of Is per acre per annum. They claim ( tp? :have ; discovered valuable deposits of coal, iron, and fireclay. At a depth of :20ft .-.a seani of qoal 2ft. ;10in. in thickness rwasffpund, at;271ft-f seam ;4ftr, in: thickness,; at '228ft. a?seam of 3ft.t and at31(jft. a seam of 1ft Sin. The? company's' manager considers t hat the first seam will - yield 7,628.887 tons, or allowing 15 per cent, for waste, 6,399,555 tons. The second is estimated to yield 3ft. of workable coal, or allow- Jng for waste, 9;854, 212 tons. The third and fourth seams are estimated to also yield 9,854,212 tons of coal, .In sinking for these lower seams the bore was sunk to the full extent of the rods, viz., 323ft; 8'm. From indications passed through, it was in ferred that at a depth of about 400ft. good coal, of considerable thickness, would be met with. From the'exceptionaLfacilities" afforded by the nature- of the ground/ it i-uras .belieyed that tunnels, could be put in,- by which a great saving for shafting, Winding, pumping, &c.;, could be made. From three pairs of headings it was estimated 450 to 500 tons per day could be obtained from the top seam alone. Mr.Seddoii, who was for many years mana ger of the Duke of Bridgewater's coal mines, and Mr Henderson, a coal viewer of forty years expe rience, are both interested in this, company, and are sanguine of success. The company intended, if the Government would afford them some conces sions, to have constructed a tramway from their ground to Anderson's .Inlet, but they have since proposed to form it from the the eround to a nninr ou the Gipps Land Line.-vLtis. 