DOLLY'S CREEK. (from our own correspondent.) Matters have been very slack here of late, nothing in fact worth recording. The only excitement lately has been the visit of Mr Inspector Main to the schools in the neighborhood. I do not know how other schools get on, but Dolly's Creek is most favoraby reported on. The percentage gained is 56.723 by results ; ages not counted, seventy-six. The report of the manegement and discipline is entirely satisfactory. The percentage as regards marks gained exceeds by 13 per cent. any examination since the establishment of the school. Bushfires are rife. Mr Hollingworth had his grass paddock entirely destroyed, fences and all. Mr Beckmann had a very narrow escape from complete destruction of his crops, and had it not been for the neighbors rallying to the rescue, where they toiled for hours unceasingly, the poor man would have been ruined. On the creek, even as I write, the fire is raging. It is fortunate that there is nothing beyond the eucalypti to destroy. A spirited contest between Mr John Brewster's grey mare Creeping Jenny and Mr Teal's bay mare Letters came off on Wednesday. A trot of six miles, i.e., from the Royal hotel, Meredith, to Mrs Jarvis', at Stony Rises— for a considerable wager, Mr Brewster's mare getting half a mile start. Both horses went the pace, but I regret that I cannot ascertain the time. The Creeper came in a good winner. Mr John Shannon acted as starter, and Mr Dove as judge. Talking Mr Brewster puts me in mind of a lamb of his— a ram hoggett— from which be has cut 17¾ lbs of wool ; shorn twice during the year ; cross- bred. The farmers have announced no rust in the wheat this season, which is a matter of gratulation. The people here are very clamorous about the want of water. It has gone abroad that the Government has taken, or intend to take, the Lal Lal Waterworks. If so, as fluming is already laid, and races cut nearly over all this country, by a very little consideration on the part of the powers that be, a great boon would be conferred on a hard-working and, as it stands, poorly- paid community,. Mr Elmslie, of the Mining Board, is a probable candidate for Parliamentary honors for this county. A requisition, numerously signed by the residents of Egerton and Gordon, has been presented to him. I hear he has accepted the invitation. The people are entirely in his favor. I may say, so far as talk goes, that Levien, Cunningham, and Elmslie are, the favorites here. 