ITEMS OF NEWS. Violent Death.—A report was received by our Sub-inspector on Monday, about noon, from the police at Urana , that a youth named Verdon had been killed instantaneously on Sunday by a fall from his horse.. As the Coroner could not have reached the scene of the, accident before Wednesday, a telegram; was sent to. Mr. W .Faed, J.P., asking him to hold a magisterial inquiry, the. casualty being one of a simple though very distressing character. The father of the youth is a pub lican near Urana. Tumut Races.—Patrons of the turf are reminded that the race-meeting at' Tiimut will lie held to-morrow and the next day, March 27 and 28. We hope to give a good account of the running in our next. Miss Auick May,—We are requested to draw attention to a change that has been made iu the arrangements of Miss Alice May's Operatic Company, as to their engage ment in Wagga. 'flie first performance will take place at the Masonic Hall on Friday, April 4, instead of on Saturday, the 5th, as previously notified.. .Oddfellows' Asnual Ball.—Kememher ing the success that attended the Oddfellows' B.vlL of last year, the announcement that this body propose giving a repetition of it pn Easter Monday next will no doubt be wel come to the .public of Wagga. As yet no definite arrangements have been made, but full particulars : are promised iu a short time. Municipal Con-thact.s.—Although un willing to iind fault unnecessarily, we must acain refer to the matter of municipal con tracts. -The contract ior putting down the barrel-drain in Gurwood-street has just been completed ; and the street has been left ' in a very disgraceful condition. Piles of earth, Quantities of broken bricks, and pieces of refuse timber arc lying about in all directions; whilst the centre of the thoroughfare pre sents the appearance of a newly-filled grave, owing to the soil excavated for. the drain not having been rammed back, but simply thrown in loosely to settle down by its own weight in the course of a couple of years, or to be washed out altogether by the lirst Hood. We do not care who the contractor may have been ; but if he is not yet paid for the work, the Council should really insist on his leaving the surface of the street as nearly as may be in the condition he found it. Tub LIrcbst Case of Drowsiko.-A.11 possible doubt as to the fate of the missing man John Wilson has been set at rest by the discovery of his body at a spot in the river about 300 yards below the Police Paddock fcnce, on Saturday afternoon. The body, having been about seven days in the water, was of course much decomposed, but not sufficiently so to prevent identification. The Coroner, Mr. P. A. Tompson, held an in quest on Saturday evening, at the Ferry Hotel, North Wagga Wagga, when the fol lowing particulars were disclosed :■—A man named Thomas Murray was, on the Saturday previous, camped near the Police Paddock, on the track to tlie gangway of the old Free Punt. Late in the evening a man on horse back rode lip to his tent and asked for a drink of water, saying lie was very drunk. Murray gave him some tea, and lie then rode in the direction of the town. Some time afterwards he returned for another drink; but as Murray again offered him tea, he wouidn't take it, and rode off in the direc tion of the punt gangway. Kot long after wards, at about 10 p.m., Constable Cowle, who was standing oil the river bank, heard a splash in the water on the south side, as if some one was bathing, and then a noise like a groan ; but as people were in the habit of bathing at the spot and shouting out, he did not pay much attention to the sounds. Ten minutes after this, Murray came to Cowle, and stated that he thought a man had been. drowned in the river. They cooeyed for some time, hut got no response; and Cowle then reported the circumstance to Sergeant Carroll, who sent Con stables Cowle and Cullen to search. They proceeded to the river, where by the light of the moon they saw something in the water. Cullen swam out and found that the object seen, was part of a drowned horse with saddle and bridle on. The constable brought the horse to the bank ; but although they made diligent search, they could not find any . traces of a body. The horse, saddle, &c.;, were identified by the Messrs. Graham of Lake Albert, as the property of a man named John Wilson, otherwise Doherty, who; was; expected-to" come and work for them on the Monday morning. This Wilson- j had been seen riding about between the town and the ferry on Sunday night, in a state of intoxication ; and there can be. no doubt that he was the man who hail applied for a drink at Murray's tent. During the week the police did their best, by dragging and otherwise, to find the body, hut wore unsuccessful till Saturday afternoon, when-it was seen caught in a snag at the spot mentioned. Having procured a boat, the police took the corpse to the Ferry Hotel to await the inquest. Dr. Wren', who made a post-mortem. examination, deposed that death was caused by drowning, and that there were no external marks of violence. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the; facts, and the Coroner made an order for the interment, wliich took place oh Sunday. . ' Laxd Sale.—A sale by auction o£ Crown Lands was held in the Court House, Wagga Wagga, on Monday, when about a dozen country lots were submitted. Of these, ,one lot of 40 acres oil the north side of the road from Nerandera to Wagga was withdrawn/ and for two others there were no offer. Mr. Francis Jenkins purchased 4 lots, of the aggregate area of 95!) acres, on the Goonerah Lagoon, adjoining the western boundary of Win. Donnelly's conditional purchase; and one lot of 40 acres on the left bank of Cud dell Creek, adjoining the northern boundary of Mr. Gannon's 70 acre purchase. Mr. John Cox bought two lots of 193 and 71 acres respectively on the northern boundary of the Mangoplah village reserve, and Mr. T. ■ W, Hammond secured a lot of 55 acres on„ Houlayhan's Creek. A' lot of 73 acres 3 : roods oil the road from Nerande'ra to Wagga was conditionally purchased by Mr. John Buchanan. The whole of the land Bold realised only the upset prico of £1 per aero. Fire-raising.—Wo very much regret to hear that many settler∈ the neighbourhood of Wagga Wagga liavn sustained great loss lattterly, in consequence of the destruction of their fences by lire. In oue instance the entire boundary (exceeding Ave miles in 'length) between two runs lias been totally destroyed. These inflictions, if Wrought by •the agency of ordinary bush-fires, or springing from clearly-traced accidental causes, would • bo serious -and trying enough ; but there is too much reason to fear the: mischief is the 'result of iucendiarism. We; are informed that in one instance, where. two lines : of brush-fencing intersected each other, a fire had beeu deliberately kindled, arid a, great portion of enclosure in four directions was consumed. In another case a chock-and-log fence had been Wilfully fired, evidently, in several places ; 'hut the firo had died out. In the case of the boundary-line referred to above, where the whole was destroyed, an examination proved too clearly that the fire liad been directly and wilfully applied in the first instance to the fence itself. There is an impression afloat, that as the winter ap proaches, the necessities of a particular class of . persons not remarkable for their morality prompt them to the commission of these serious offences against property and law and order, that they and those similarly circum stanced with themselves may find work during the most trying period of the year. Whether there be any force in this theory or not, tho matter is a most serious and import ant one ; and the settlers should take imme diate action to stay the growth of so desperate an evil, by joiutly subscribing and offering high rewards for tho conviction of any person found committing a crime so detestable in itself, and so injurious to tho general interests ■of a whole community. The Border Duties.—Tho Argwt nien tions that the draft treaty forwarded by Mr. Prancis for the consideration of Mr. Parkes and his colleagues has at length been returned to Victoria with a few suggested ^amend ments. Notwithstanding what the Colonial Secretary stated 'in his telegram to Mr. Robertson at Allmry, there would now appear to be some probability of this,matter of the Border duties being settled shortly. In answer to Mr. Phelps, in the Assembly, Mr. Parkes has promised that the .whole question shall be brought before Parliament this week ; and we see by a telegram to the Argun that " the Government have promised to introduce a bill to legalise the Border Treaty next (that is to say, this) week." It is high time the affair was settled, and it is to be hoped there will be no further post ponement. The Condition of Germany.—The follow ing extract from a letter received last mail by a German resident of Wagga, will be read with interest as coming from the pen of a gentleman who for some years tried, and successfully tried, his fortunes in Australia: —" You desire me," says the writer, ( " to give you special particulars about Germany. There is a good deal to be said, but there is no room for it in a letter. I should have to write a book, and indeed a very volumnous one, to give yon even a feint idea of the many changes, which have passed over the land and the people since you and I left it for Au3r: tralia. Money has not, near the value it used to have. Everj'body's income has in creased, and his expenditure also. But with the latter.they live far better than formerly. In large centres of populations an able and industrious tradesman earns more money than in Australia'; good commercial clerks get, in' large towns, better salaries than iu Melbourne, and for their money, if- they choose fco spend it, they can get for better value in. every way. The difference from 15 years ago, and now, 'is so great, that one is inclined to think that as many centuries have passed away. Tile progress is very great indeed, and Germany now stands on the top of the tree of. nations. The Bank of Prussia, according to the latest statistics, has more ready money than the Bank of England. Who would have ever believed; that such a thing could be possible? Politically we are approaching English freedom in constitutional law, and with every session of Parliament measures are introduced and passed, which tend to make the subjects of the State feel happy, safe, comfortable, and independent. ••Frbb Trade in the Colonies.—It seems a fair inference to draw (observes the Aiw Ircilatfcm) from" many different reasons, that the policy of the various colonies is exhibiting a change in the direction of free trade, and it may be that this movement will be followed in their domestic policy. The claim of the colonies to bo allowed to make arrangements for free trade amongst themselves is one. of these evidences. And anotheris the fact that the active rivalry which Sydney is at the present time animated by towards Melbourne takes the shape of a proposal to make Sydney a free port. It is not long ago that some of the colonies appeared to be entering on a policy of retaliation and war. carried on by hostile Customs laws. But now the com petitive feeling seeks to gain its ends by an opposite course, and to endeavour to obtain from-free trade the advantages which it is found a protective system fails to supply. Mr. Parkes has announced that cne of the first measures of next session will be a bill to revise the taxation of the country, and that the measure will provide for the total and immediate repeal of the ad valorem duties.' The S. M. Herald thinks it possible that the contemplated change may "go fur ther than merely dealing with the atl valorem duties," and refers to the belief that - it is the true policy of this colony, especially in view of the avowed desire of our neighbours to depress the relative commercial importance of Sydney, to get rid of these duties as quickly as posible, and disembarrass ourselves of every unnecessary restraint on trade." The further development of this policy will, no doubt, .be closely watched by Victoria. In the meantime, if it may be regarded as foreshadowing a return to a condition of untrammelled trade as opposed to the narrow-minded system of imposing ruinous restrictive duties, it should be hailed as proof of a tendency in the right direction. Death of an Old Settler.—The Mel bourne journals record the death of Mr. Walter Clark, of the Deep Creek, noar Mel bourne, and formerly of the Murrumbidgee. He was driving. with liis nephew, Mr. John Clark, on Tuesday afternoon, about 4 o'clock, and on going down a rather steep decline, the horse became restive, and commenced kicking. The vehicle was capsized, and the occupants were pitched out. Mr. Walter Clark was thrown down an embankment, and fell upon his head. He was rendered in sensible, and*was conveyed to his house, which was about a mile distant. Notwith standing the utmost skill and attention of the several medical men called in to his aid, Mr. Clark did not recover conscious ness, and died on the following: day. He was a, wealthy man, and had resided on his estate at Deep Creek which was in beautiful order, for many years. His wife died a few years ago, but he has left several young children. He was 67 years of age, and was hale, hearty, and vigorous. A Good Time Coming.—It must be a source of congratulation to all parties, to know that Mr. G'orthorn, late of " The Corner," is about to re-open with a large stock of drapery ; and that we shall again be able to buy at low rates.—Adv. 