r, (mon oun coBBEsroiDBMTs.) ?'??*:' li : ":1"< \ May«..: I Tba District uourt, vim lour cases, ened on Wednesday. .' |The Criminal Court commenced the fdowing day. Nina' ' cases were disposed of. The Ifew- YearVioters were bound over to appear here next sessions, or wheetojver the Attor- ney-General may determine. AU went cr with perfect con- cord. Robert Kerrigan, for cattle stealig, was found not f' [ullty by tx Jury who were within a piuj point of being ocked up for tho night. The evidence waicntirely circum : stantlal, and thus the accused was sllowed',0 return to bis ' family. Ah 8am. for assaillit with an axe, rccwed six months bard labour In Bourke. John Whelan, for attmptlng suicide, ' one month bard labour lu Bourke. Sarah Wiulfery, for tba same crime, imprisoned until the rising of th Court. Barn Oharlle,- larceny, discharged, the principal having died. William Burns, stealing a ¿10 cheque, 18 monti) bard labour In Bathurst. Joseph Merris, horse stealing, the s.me sentence. Charles Staten, escaping from police, discharged A fiendish attempt at kniting waa made hr a man named .Edvard Btafford on Friday night; his intended victim was Jam« Maxwell, son of oar piintman. He bad a most narrow eüape. The prisoner is committed for trial. Tlie Boma» Catholic Bazaar commenced on Moiday ; a'd auch a display of rich and costly material, and the usemblod beauty of the vendors could not bo found in any othe.country town within SOO miles. Mrs. Becker's stall was elmpy regal, and about £60 was taken tbe first night. Urs. Jobu AlNerin, assisted by her slater, airs. Cohen, and Mrs, Beazel<, did a splendid business; while Mrs. Keegan, with her bemtlful daugbters In company ot the Bisters Grant, were too irnsistl ble for the visitors -.-men, who had buttoned firmly '.heir pockets, went home without the smallest fraction' sf a ' shilling. > TUE BACEB.-The Hist day's was ¡all that good racing md dellolous weather > could give ; the attendance was net so lame aa th« money run for wouldbave > justified ua in expecting, aid a sad tameness was the order ot things on Hie > race conni. The racing was good, but tho usual delays made what ahouli ' be sport, a barden, and the same stampede round the coan« In tho wake ot the running horse», offered the same disgust- ing scene as usual. I baa spoken to some of the stewards, but it would seem, by their apathy, as if they liked this blotting but of the tunning from start to finish. The Publi-. cans' Purse of 20 sovs, after a splendid race, was won by Old ? Physician, ridden very well by Sam Davis, Infant a goad second. The Handicap of 100 sovs, fell to the Warrego horse. Bolero, Morgan second. ' Sydney Smith's Monkey, by ' galloping li mlle to a fabe start, waa thrown out of tb« race, and had Morgan bad a stronger hand upon him, in all probability the stake would bare been left with IIB. The Steeplechase was contested by four horses. Chief Justice, Sportsman, Bally, and Blackboy. A good start. sent-the lot away at a terrific pace, and each horse simply fenced splendidly, tho Chief jumping like a caraboo, and lead- .' lng ut a hurricane pace. The first lour jumps were permitted to be seen, and then the rabble veiled the whole scene Ina dense cloud of dust. The second time round the Chief carno down heavily, but was soon np and on to bis horses, in tact too soon, for tuero waa a good deal taken out of him in this Bimrt ; on they came, turning the corner for home, at a toll.. lng pace. Chief leading. Sportsman second, and Bally third, splendidly ridden by John Dwyer; the Chief sprang over tba third fence from home, and with top speed, made- for tho next ; this be unfortunately struck and fell very heavily. He was only a few rods from the winning post, and: before the', game brute could rise, the brown Bally was past the post, closely followed by Sportsman, This was a great 'bubbling over among tho betting men; for the Chief had the race from first until his foll, and had Mr. A.P. Sullivan been onhlssood Sportsman, the «tnko» must bave fallon to him.' The Miners' Purse of cnurae fell to Mr. Colllsa's pretty little Why Kat. Thus ended thc first day's sport, and I may bore state, that not a single riotous person was seen during the day, and, . although we hud penty of police présent, they were pnly asked to enjoy themselves. ' The stable of Mr. M. O'shanassy, at Bourke, by Borne per- ? nlclous villian, was set on fire and burned to the ground with H0O worth of merchandise. This is the third. fire which has taken place at this gentleman's station, and if a fourth occurs lt will have tn bo the stock-yard, that being all that ls left. Some ot thojury spoke harshly of the'conduct bf the police In not finding out the incendiary, but lt is all very well/and .' it la a favourite practice with some men to shy miles at the blue .? coats, and very often without cause. In this case,'all that could have been done was done, and lt is to be'hoped that future operations may bring the . skunk tn justice. The Bourkcltes have offered uno hundred pounds reward to i ffect , thls'object. From thc little fishing village, tho Ber. Mr. Glasson came, and preached most eloquently on Sunday last. It ls to bs : 'hoped he will he permanently stationed here, where there it snell au abundant harvest waiting to be Gathered. Our friends, the'Wesley ans, made a: mistake,^ lt seems .to'..nie; in making Breewarilim lils borné. Tuare is four times the popu- lation lu Bourke, which ls the centre of Cobar, and the former place. ... : The second nlghtof the bazaar was as successful ns the first,-. but why on earth tobacco ls allowed to burn, and why smokers have nota little moro respect to ladies and children, ls hard to understand; . .. , ! Morgan, tho racehorse, has been disqualified lu all hts. engagements', for running under false colours, - I Weather delicious but very warm for ti mo of year. Bread still Od per albs. On Monday we bad a total eclipse of the moori. Itlusted over an hour, and aa seen thrungli, a moder * I, rate gloss, lt showed like tho glow of a distant bush-fire. 