NEWS IN BRIEF. ' % The Melbourne-.'.:.Corporation .havo; •doclded not to appoint an organist;;.,; Tub works 111 connection with the Kilcunda coal-mines aro being proceeded with. : • Cattle and horse' stealing are ram-, •pant at Kiandra, tliore3ult of withdrawing the police. Yamntinu nsy first jfavourite - for the* 'Goclong Handicap Dp.. Martin; of- Melbourne,- has been . 'thrown fioni his buggy,' and nearly lulled. w Mil. -Tassio, si merchant,'.at> .Port. Augusta, died suddenly on Sunday. , : Tiie tirst'convent built m<Launeeston, will bo formally opened in tho course of r. few days. ■A severe ; bush-fire . is raging in the llount Lofty Ranges, South Australn Lancer'; has i:been; scratched vfor.?,the, ■Clip. . ' Vr ' This lumpers' - strike: in ; Melbourne;, las ended < The Melbourne Gas.. Company :has; -declared a dividend of 8 per cent The delegates: hope- to1 -closQ - 'the •conference on Tuesday next. • • • # « - 0- ; • . Telegraph communication vnorth of: Beltana is interrupted*) » ' Several cases of sunstroke •, have •Occurred in the northern part of South Australia. >> * • The Sydney Rowing'iCIub -have' •docided to send a gig crew to tho; Melbourne Regatta. Hennessy Derk Sands, :a bookseller In Sydney, has been committed for trial for.emhezzle ment. A verdict of, wilful, murder has been. -returned against a Chinaman-who murdered- lus mate, at Kiandra. v ...t ^ - Eeforts are. being,, made,: to-,, recover, r the bodies of the miners drowned in, tho; mine.at Stawell. . • - • • ' A WOMAN named Odea has been xsommitteil lor manslaughter at Ballarat, for killing her child whilst in a state of drunkenness. > The memorial tablet to the late-Sir-. >Jaraes Palmer is placed in tUe entranco to tlio , Mel bourne Hospital. /'-V . : Dr. Posey is danvifrously ill, and the ■case, iji the opinion of mi medical atlenilants, is Regarded as hopeleoa. ■ ^ - : ^ The thanksgiving services.; for'the: abundant harvest commenced In Adelaide laati&ua-.r; ■day. : / , ; A woman named Handyside attempted Bulcido oh Monday by -jumping Unto . the -Murray ati Echuca, but she was rescued. .. • jr.. A i.aiige party of/the leading.; resir, •dents was invited to accompany.the Conferenco dele-1 V^gates to Lithgow Valley. T- - *-v MR.BADCOCK,late Melbourne manager* ■ *>f the Bank of New South "Wales, has been appointed i a member of the Board of Advice; London, vice Mr. ?v -Sargood deceased. A splendid collection of photographs, ' -representing objects of interest in South Australia; is vv'-on view preparatory to being forwarded to the London ^Exhibition. . ; . L<.i / j • ».! • A, The Hyde Chemical works have 1 ioen destroyed by fire. Tho ignition of somc'tapled i • •/tos tho disaster. Iholosa is estimated at about'j >v#30,00p0; part or winch is covered by insurance. s * | \ The Australian Packet-lias-brought-, ; tp*Sydney, from New Guinea, twenty packages .of, ■ cxcollent sponge, and a quantity of resinous gum of ■■i A'description not seen here before. By telegram from Adelaide wo learn: •: - that Mr. Price Maurice has imported by the Collin. '.grove 03 Angora goats, makinj his llock 237 in number, and the largest in the Australian colonies. ,, ' i •' A BILL was introduced into the ; N.S.W. Assembly on Friday night, giving to the citizens, instead of the Aldermen, the power to elect; ■ the Mayor. Emissaries from'the Newcastle-miners have, it is reported, visited the. southern1 'coal-fields ■urging tho men to strike. Symptoms of disaffection are already resulting. : . .... ;;i Mr. J. J. Yeend was fishings off! Pulpit Point, Parramatta Elver, on Friday last,; and caugiit a monster schnappor. It weighed 301bs., was 3ft. lin. long, and measured 2"}in. in girth.' • ' In November last, • a man'named■ Xenard met with a severe accident by falling off a dray, at Glcnalvon, causing partial paralysis.' After sull'ering for two months the poor fellow died. • : ■ A telegram from'. Mudge.e states that tho Victoria Company's first crushing of the f worst stone, 1G0 tons, realised 2280Z. of retorted gold. 400 tons of stone are ready for crushing. M. Dupuy de Lomb has been entrusted ■with the design of a plan for modifying tho harbour of Calais, so that railway trains may be transferred to steam rafts. A private tolegram per English cablo, received January 25, reports that tho price of tallow on the Continent and in London has declined, and that,,the orders to tho colonies are small. The Queen during liar recent resi donee at Balmoral, visited a considerable number of poor people in the neighbourhood, and distributed large quantities of clothing and other necessaries amoui'st theui. ... A"man named" Michael Col lis, who ttas lately discharged from d lunatic Asylum, set fire to ft quantity of furze in the neighbourhood of Limer ick, and, placing himself in tha midst) was roasted to death. . The R.M.S.S.: Mooltan. Vwitlii the European mail for Australia, left Galle, a telegram states, on the 23rd instk Her arrival in Hobson's Bay may, therefore, be anticipated bu tlio 12th or 13th instant.'- • ■ ■ ; >v'' A Tomot correspondent, .under date: 25th inst., writes:—"I have just hoard that'Corrie, Kenney, nnd.Co. liavo struck a jricV-vein in .their claim, at Lacmalac, making the second they have now —both gold-bearing." • 1 Captain Ha my while speaking at a ; meeting'of the Mercantile Marine Insurance Com pany,, in r Adelaide, on Tuesday, fell down: in an apopietic.fit, and died in five minutes. The meeting broke up immediately. Tiikue have been larq-e sales: of wheat in Adelaide-at 4s. 41d., 'for ordinary delivery ; sales for immediate shipment, Id. moro. A later telegram says There have-been ■ sales of wheat at "tls. 5d. to 4s. 5Jd. The market keeps firm." ; ■ .. . : A cricket match between the Sydney Alberts and Batliurst commenced at the latter place on Tuesday, and when tlio stumps wore drawn tiio game stood—Bathurst, 70 ; first innings of the Sydney Alberts, 120. ' The BalmainRegatta- Committee have received Mr. Gulston's offer to bring Out a University crew. if the race : i3 rowed in outriggers, with coxswain, over a straight smooth water course. A t .'leg-ram his been sent to England to-day, conced ing all that was asked,. : - » / ; A- MBBTiNG-ot' miners was held on Tuesday afternodn at Wollongong. A resolution in favour of the ten hours; system was carried : also one expressive of the desirability of a second doctor spe cially connected with the collieries being procured. The meeting was.decidedly opposed to a strike. ' The Bfiiuligo . Independent. says : — ."■Wo are informed that Miss Eose Evans;has been served with a.writ at the suit' of theagent of the Dramatis Authors'Society, claiming £1;j0 damages for representing the play of ' His Last Legs' during her season of management at Ballarat." . . The Moudro Times; says.:,— Two rsteamers. th6 John Penn and Hunter, were put on at, Merimbula last week, to c.lear off the accumulation of j wool and other cargo. " i Five hundred and llfty bales I of wool, besides a large quantity of goncral cargo, I . Wore shipped. .... • ] Mu. Mm. Moore Bell (of Banks lirrs., Bell, and Co.), beinff aboutto leave Victoria by the outgoing mail, the employes of the.lirm have pre sented him with a handsome testimonial, which took the forni of twelve chairipasme bowls made from'emu ' eggs, mounted and sot .with silver. :;The Philadelphia, P-wblicLedger states 'that on the 14th. of September a woman was tried before the Criminal Courc for being "a common scold." She had annoyod her neighbours and her . children by;,her ;tongue. She was sentenced to six . months' imprisonments ■ The silver medal, of the Royal Humane Society lies been .voted to Jatnes l'udge, a boy fifteen years of ago,; who swam with a line in his mouth to the rescue of the master: and crew of the barque Thames, which was wrecked on the rocks at Alderney, in a dense fog, a strong current running at the time.'. ; - "The New -South• Wales Cricket Association has,"., the S..M. Herald states, "given notice to the Victorian association that it is desirable to play tile- intercolonial match on the 27th and 23th February and the 1st of March," and the concurrence of that association in the proposed arrangement has been askod."-, • .: • • The young*, men charged ' with the killing of Michael .Dynan, near Kelso, were again brought up at the Police Court; The evidence of one witness clearly proved .that Dynan was^as3aulted by one or more of the prisoners, throe hundred yards from where" his body was'found. • Tliey were further remanded, the Bench refusing to renew, the bail. t > Ramsden's Pa per.-Mi lis,- in .Melbourne. were totally destroyed by fire on Saturday. The loss ^sustained is .estimated at £0000 : half-of which is. covered by . insurance. Part, of the machinery des troyed is of' such' a ' complicated character as - will involve a long stoppage of the works, throwing a large number of hands out of employ. . Some sensation was caused in ; Bourkerstreet,; Melbourne, at about 10' o'clock on Saturday night, , by'the sight'bf a well known woman of the town, named Anne Boulton, parading the street, smoking-a cigar, and wearing the cap, sword, and belt of a captain of volunteers. . She was taken to the lock.up. An official inquiry has been insti tuted. 