STAWELL. 3rd January. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The holidays incidental to Christmas and the change of year are over, but holidays will again become the order of the day as soon as the All-England Eleven shall meet the local team here, at Stawell. Our Cricket Ground having been considered-unsuitable because of its utter barrenness, and perhaps also because of being: too exposed, the committee has obtained' the use of the Botanical Gardens Reserve at Stawell West, a very pretty arid haturaUy. iveU wooded spot. , The space to' be ' occupied by the wickets has been temporarily fenced in for protection, and through strenuous exer- : tions.in.the way of-carting water- something like a green sward has been formed in spite of the scorching, heat. Great and universal interest is felt in the ap pearance'oftho A.E.E." and the'-surrounding will contribute thousands ofl spectators, that will make Stawell fuller than ever it was before." ' ; The change of year was ushered in in grand style, and seemed to be kept'- lip by’the r whole population. The: streets .were unusually quiet up to 11.30 p.m., when two brass bands and a drum and fife band began parading the streets, and immediately brought every body out. * ‘ The drum and • fife - band marched down the Stawell road,' followed :by a: large.crowd of lar rikins, who yelled and rthrew stones on the houses lining the street. Afterwards fences were levelled or smashed,. .carts Had; their wheels’ ’' taken off, "small buildings were overturned or. shifted, in short, the worst larfikinism ran rampant. The playing and pro menading.were kept up till the sun rose, bloodied, to initiator one <j of :the-hottest days ever experienced. During the day numerous bush-fires broke out, and in the evening a very- beautiful spectacle-was witnessed in'the'Qrampiahs,-where two bright burning'streaks shone out brUliaiitly, whilst', the surrounding country seemed smouldering, and the clouds of smoke were lit up fitfully. The sight gave the idea of a volcano with two streams of lava running down its side. The bush fires continued all Friday, and at ah early part of Friday night ah immense fire was , raging between. Stawell and the-Black Ranges. This (Saturday),morn ing Stawell was enveloped in smoke, and large fires have been, raging all day about Mokepilly, whilst the Grampians have beeri hidden by the smoke. Before setting, the sun could hardly pierce the clouds of smoke, but now (10 p.m.) a fresh and cool breeze h<» sprung up, and present dachas been tlie last ofdhis spurt, of beat With recardfo tbe etone thro wing mentioned above, it seems td’he a recogmaeci at Stawell in times of exSiteiiient, I)unhg "the stnke at the hegm niilfftif iost year Btdhes tffc’re thrown at _the houses of obnoxious dii!eetoia*,,Udd„the,M?-' n^J^_ ponged out No. 4 for the jumpers, got it hot With stones. Of course stories abound here, and a visitor from Horsham remarked sagaciously how the geolo gifcarfdrriiatioii'o’f ~a‘ locality' can affect and fornTthp manners of the pdpriiatiKri.'•'There arc brit few loose stones"about’ Horshniri—'nothing blit irilid m ynatpr ' 1 3ust in summertrrconsequently the Horsham aui ./,V- Perhaps so youth can never become ° ■■ ■ . much the better for tbemj • , 