“Professionals” Abroad. (Cornhill Magazine.) There is a strange class of roaming “artistes”—singers, players, conjurors —of whose life and adventures nothing is ever heard, though they are curious and interesting enough. These performers—they call themselves “professionals” generally— are to be met with abroad wherever the English language is spoken, and where it is not. I do not speak of those bright particular stars, which after shining over Europe, go to illuminate the Western Hemisphere. The people of the United States not only tempt our greatest singers, actors, and musicians to cross the Atlantic, but they supply us with others equally good, while in the larger cities of South America operatic and dramatic companies have been regular institutions for many years. I am not thinking of the New World, but of the oldest part of the Old World, which ten years ago was scarcely ever visited by such companies, but which is now overrun by performers of every description, from the prima donna of European reputation down to dog and monkey troupes. Not very long ago, when people had to double the Cape, they went, before sailing, through a long round of public amusements, in the belief that they would have no such enjoyments again till they returned. The necessity for undergoing such a pleasurable penance is no longer considerable. It was not till after the discovery of gold in Australia in 1851 that artistes (we must allow them that barbarous name) of any eminence thought it worth their while to go to the antipodes to display their genius or profit by their accomplishments. Before that event, a few had made their way to California; but a popular favorite who had been lucky enough to make a little fortune in the valley of the Sacramento did not dream of going to Botany Bay to spend it. When, however, nearly three years after the Californian discovery, news reached St Francisco that the precious metal had also been found in New South Wales, back rushed the thousands of Australians to the more genial clime they had deserted. Then came a great time for small performers, many of whom would never have been performers at all but for the greatness of the time. The diggers, intoxicated at suddenly finding themselves in the possession of immense wealth, sought refuge from their own madness in every possible variety of amusement, recreation, and dissipation. The parents of young women who had hitherto followed the useful occupation of bonnet-making, all at once discovered that their daughters had fine voices; quiet shopmen, members of serious families, suddenly developed an inimitable talent for comic singing; fifth-rate opera singers, deserters perhaps from a Mauritius or Batavian troupe, were delighted, if not always astonished, to find themselves stars of the first magnitude. No charge was made for admission to the singing saloons at which these people appeared, the profit on the drink consumed by the diggers and their friends being so large that the proprietor could afford to pay his performers enormous salaries. And besides what they were paid by their employers, favorities— and everybody has his or her admirers —would frequently receive valuable presents from the diggers; for in that golden time nuggets were more plentiful than boquets. But by-and-by, really good artistes, such as Catherine Hayes, and Miska Hauser, the Hungarian violinist, visited Australia, and made money; and soon a popular manager went to Europe, and returned not only with good performers, but with an iron theatre for them to appear in. From that time Australia has been a profitable field for such adventure; and it is, from that continent, not from Europe, that the East receives it supplies of musical, dramatic, and other travelling troupes, so that at the present moment there is hardly a settled Eastern port, or a place at which a company of British soldiers has been stationed, that has not been entertained at some time or another by these wanderers. What becomes of them at last is an obscure question. Of those I have met some have passed away to other places, some to another world. These companies are often disorganized, and re- organised. A few successful men and women have retired on their gains and their laurels; some, not so successful, but more ambitious, perhaps, have returned to Europe, content to stand and wait at the great banquet of art, rather than prosper for an hour in some distant settlement in Asia; whilst others, finding how good is buying and selling, have settled down to shop-keeping, auctioneering, or some other useful occupation. One of their most striking characteristics is, that they do not confine themselves to the highways of the world, as one would think travellers with amusements would, but roam into all sorts of by paths, as if they only travelled for amusement. They are by no means always content with keeping to the seaboard, and stopping at the principal ports, but roam far away in the interior, where one would think they would find nothing more profitable than experience of the inconveniences of travel. I myself have met them picknicking on the top of Pedro-Talla-Galla; drawing sweepstakes in the Happy Valley at Hong Kong; dancing at the Queen’s Birthday ball in Adelaide and with lunatics at the Yarra Bend Asylum near Melbourne; taming horses a la Rarey and taking restorative drams afterwards at Colombo; lecturing on electro-biology to New Zealand gold- diggers at Dunedin; amusing his Siamese Majesty with performing dogs and monkeys at Bankok; playing violin variations on “Taza ba taza” in the John Laurence Hall at Lahore, and Gounod’s “Meditation on Bach’s First Prelude” in the Masonic Hall at Kurrachee: taking a constitutional on the Bund at Shanghai; gathering ferns on Mount Wellington in Tasmania; celebrating the departure of a lucky speculator in Back Bay shares in Bombay; camping out in the Karroo at the Cape; trying their voices in the Taj Mahal at Agra; drinking whisky-punch by a large wood fire on the banks of the Indus by moon- night; smoking in Camoens’ garden at Macao: bargaining with silk workers in Peshawur, shawl-dealers in Loodiana, and ivory-painters in the Chundy Chowk at Delhi; enjoying the dolce far niente in the Sandwich Islands; dining with Spanish priests at Manilla, and with Swedenborgians at Graaf Reinet; eating mangosteens in Penang, and game pies at Tientsin; feeding the sacred crocodiles at Muggar Poor in hot and sandy Scinde; chatting with the missionaries and their wives at Foo-chow- foo: boating in the delightful harbor of Port Jackson; curio-hunting in Yokahama; contemplating Napolean’s Tomb at St. Helena; conjuring for the amusement of the enthusiastic merchants of Batavia; dancing what is called the silver-belt jig, with the thermometer at about 1oo degrees Fahrenheit, at Singapore: trying to preserve their vivacity by drinking absinthe among the savages of New Caledonia. In short, whenever I have been east of the Cape of Good Hope, I have met some kind of professionals either sojourning, or en route, voyaging at sea in large ships or small, or travelling on land by railroad and dak gharee, on horseback, in sampans, dandy dhoolie, palankeen, and sedan-chair, in buggy tent-cart, stage-coach, and omnibus; by bullock-train and mule-waggon, and even on the back of commissariat elephants. It is not to be supposed, however, that theirs is a careless and quite charming life. On the contrary, these roaming ministers of pleasure have many weary days, many profitless journeys, many long disappointments; and there are certain dangers in their roving too. Several years ago, in Shanghai, I saw an Armenian conjuror perform ing his tricks close to the cemetery, in the middle of the cholera season, When the man you met at breakfast was sometimes under ground before dinner. At Nagasaki, about the same time when the residents on going to bed were not at all sure they would not be murdered before morning, the only European lady in the settlement was a vocalist. Two years ago, in the Cape Colony, two of the brethren, who professed to have crossed several oceans in their desire to gratify a Cape audience, were drowned in crossing one of the numerous bridgeless rivers in that colony; and about the same time, in the Orange Free State, during the war between the Republicans and the Basutos, an English concert company had a narrow escape of being massacred by the Kaffirs. At the last rebellion in Burmah, when the British Commissioner and the residents retired from Mandelay, the only Englishman who remained with the rebels was an actor. A few years before, this same man, having shot a native whom he had discovered intriguing with his wife, was tried for his life in Bombay, and being acquitted, played “Claude Melnotte” the same evening, in a house crowded to the ceiling. Once at Agra, when the cholera was decimating the garrison, a travelling circus company was engaged by the commandant to assist in cheering the spirits of the troops; and, accordingly, the riders, acrobats, and clowns continued their dance as long as a sufficient number of them survived to give a tolerable performance. When, after the storming of Kagosima, the allied fleet under Admiral Kuper returned to Yokohama, there entered the harbor a few hours afterwards a musical company, which had been caught in the typhoon on the edge of which the attack was made, and in which many vessels went down. In the height of the last fever at the Mauritius, the theatre at Port Louis was occupied on alternate nights by a French operatic and a dramatic company, when mourning was almost the only wear, and when the private boxes were engaged several days in advance, because from them visitors could see without being seen. In the accounts of the bush-fires in Cape Colony last year, some poor harpers were said to have been amongst the sufferers. I recall many similar disasters, and more than one instance of death or disappearance in far distant, half barbarous lands. Mere unhealthiness of climate is little considered: unhealthy climates generally pay, if you can live in them In some this is not an easy business. A French impresario was taking out to New Orleans an opera company, which by special agreement was only to include one tenor. Foreigners are usually bad sailors, and for the first few days all the members of the company were sea-sick, one of the effects of which malady is that it weakens the voice so much that people are frequently hoarse for several days after their recovery. Accordingly, as soon as the singers could crawl on deck, they commenced to try their voices, and amongst them the tenor, who, always anxious to occupy a distinguished position, went on the bridge of the steamer for the purpose. What was his surprise on hearing an echo of his own voice—another tenor. His amazement became disgust when he heard a third tenor running up the scale, a fourth, a fifth. He looked forward, and saw two more men eyeing him and each other with intense hatred; he looked aft, and saw two more men similarly occupied. The five tenors simultaneously made a rush below to the manager’s cabin, and demanded whether he had not expressly stipulated to each of them that he was to be his only tenor. “I know, I know,” replied the manager; “and I will keep my word. You see, none of you have been to New Orleans before, or you would understand. When we arrive there, the yellow fever is sure to be raging, and as you are fresh from Europe, two of you will probably be carried off before you land, and two more during the rehearsals. One will probably survive; he will be my first and only tenor.” Perhaps the most curious fate that ever overtook a company was that which befel a small theatrical troupe which arrived at Hongkong from California in the winter of 1863, consisting of an actor, two actresses, and a little female dancer. One of the actresses died of cholera in Shanghai; the other died in a cab on her way to the hospital at Rangoon; the solitary actor joined the Taeping rebels at Amny and had his head cut off by his own party on suspicion of treachery; and la petite Cerito, as she was called, was placed in a convent at Moulmein: which some people will perhaps consider the worst tate of all. Considering all these risks, it may reasonably be assumed that travelling in these remote countries is found very profitable. In most instances this is probably the case. I say probably, for a manager’s statements as to the business he is doing must always be received with caution. A new company is usually well received; the tickets are sold at high prices, and in most foreign settlements the first night of a company with a good reputation is a more important event than the opening of the Italian Opera House in London. Want of success is generally due to the presentation of entertainments unsuited to particular communities. Inexperienced managers, to overcome this difficulty, and with the view of pleasing varied tastes, have formed mixed companies. I remember, for instance, once meeting a “musical and magical troupe.” The members of the troupe were all good in their way; but the project was a failure, for the conjuror exhausted his repertoire long before the musicians had sensibly diminished theirs. Panoramas and “entertainments,” as they are called, seldom pay: few communities of Europeans abroad are numerous eeough to yield a considerable number of different audienees. A circus is usually a good speculation in the last. Both the ordinary and travelling expenses are heavy, but a circus is largely supported by natives, while at other entertainments the audiences consist exclusively of Europeans and Eurasians. Perhaps the safest company to travel with is a musical company. The reason is obvious— it appeals to all sorts and conditions of men; and in limited communities the patronage of no class can be dispensed with. To dramatic performances many people object on religious grounds, besides which, a dramatic company, to be independent of amateur assistance, must consist of more members than, in countries where travelling is costly, it would be safe to engage; and if one or two of the performers are passably good, the rest are so irredeemably bad that they spoil every piece in which they take part. Dramatic companies, again, in order to appear to advantage, require a theatre, a class of building which many places in the East do not possess. For general entertainments any place will do. I have witnessed them abroad in theatres, assembly rooms, exchanges, count- houses, an executive council-chamber, schoolrooms, convents, town halls, markets, barracks, masonic halls, libraries, officers’ mess-rooms, coffee- stores, godowns, private houses, mechanics’ institutes, public gardens, club- houses, rest-houses, and on board ship. Perhaps it is a knowledge of the encouragement usually accorded to musical entertainments in the Far East that induces so many clever instrumentalists to try their fortune single-handed in those remote countries. A solitary musician may frequently be met with, and doing well; a solilary actor hardly ever, and then doing badly. The reason is obvious. The tragedy of Hamlet without the Prince of Denmark would, of course, be imperfect, but not more so than Hamlet with nobody besides the Prince of Denmark, no king or queen, no ghost, no courtiers, no grave-diggers. Sometimes, in Europe, an eminent actor or actress forsakes the stage for the platform, and when not engaged in public readings, undertakes to instruct clergymen, political disputants, and lawyers in elocution. No such dignified retreat is open to a disappointed actor in the East, where the European inhabitants firmly set their faces against anything of a high and dry order. Even ministers of religion must not improve the occasion too often. A ball, a good concert, or a lively dramatic performance, if you like; but no instruction, or, at any rate, not such as could be imparted by some wandering star “from the Theatres Royal Glasgow, Liverpool, and Drury Lane.” The thing has been tried. Some six years ago a young English vocalist wished to give a farewell benefit Concert in Shanghai, where she had already given more than as core of ordinary concerts; and as she had at various times obtained all the “patronage” which the settlement afforded as pretexts for giving “one more night,” she on this occason secured the gratuitous assistance of the only “professional” then in the place— an actor who had formerly served under Mr. Macready, at Covent Garden. This gentleman promised to give, between the two parts of the concert, a reading from the play of Richelieu, and as he was well known in the settlement, his appearance on the platform was greeted with considerable applause; but when the elocutionist, at some length, prefaced his reading with an abstract of the history of France under Louis XIII., the whole audience gave way to laughter, and gradually, to a man, retired for refreshment. A similar incident occurred at Hongkong, where a lecturer announced a magic-lantern entertainment in the mat theatre there. He never got beyond his opening sentence, which was as follows: “Ladies and gentlemen— The world is divided into four quarters—Europe, Asia, Africa, and America.” The novelty and suddenness of this intelligence had such a peculiar effect upon the audience, that a tremendous roar of laughter was followed by a unanimous rush to the doors. 