AGRICULTURAL AND PASTORAL INTELLIGENCE. — J. J. Mcchi. No material alterations have occurred in the weather since our last, save the thunderstorm on Sunday, which was very limited in its surface of operations, but sever where its fury was spent Harvesting work is going on all round, and here and there the locusts have established themselves, but the grain chips aira pretty Well secure from their mandibles. Tho grain yields will lie smaller than last jleftrHudgiiig from appearances, and go,nlc teals Ik'd }ii fcg¥eW! blades. tlio tV’ldehce afforded by, the district Iffldlfediately about this city. Tho Geelong Advertiser says:—“ Complaints continue to be received about the injury done by locusts on the plains near Cressy. In some places they have eaten up the grass and almost everything green in the gardens, and are now busily engaged in demolishing the tough prioltly caotii” The Bollatlne cdffSspbndent of the Advertiser Writes;—“ The farmers are still" busy with their harvesting, some cutting their wheat while.others are threshing, ; and both the ‘steam horse’ and the ‘ tram pers are busy. I saw one of the latter,' a' ijew one (Mr Inglis’) at work Oh Mr T;, Matthews’ fdrmj it seems -r to do its work Vhfy well; and turns out about 80 bags ft diy. The yield of wheat; generally speaking, WiU be very good in this district, blit the ■ sparrows have done great mischief in some places, and in some cases .the crop is thin. Feed is everywhere disappearing, and what is left is sb dry that it'will nearly all be blown airily With thellekt high wind. Peoplh herb eddhl d[uite to have given up the idea of getting any late potatoes,' as it is almost too late for the rain to be of any service to them. The Avoca Free Press says : —After numerous and careful enquiries we regret to state that the crops in the district, as ft rule, are not nearly equal to their early promise. Up to the period: of the first scorching weather we ex perienced about three weeks ago, farmers calculated on an abundant harvest—abundant beyond that of former years ; but the effect of the hot winds of that-period, to a great extent, blighted these good prospects and literally* shrivelled up the top grains of both'wheat and oats before they arrived at that state of maturity when, under more favourable circumstances, they ! should have ripened naturally.' Except in favored i spots at Natle Yalloek the oat crop may be pronounced' a failure, and we are informed that where wheat was expected to yield twenty bushels to the acre not more than half that quantity can be calculated on.”. Of the north-east the Albury Banner writes:—“The'hay harvest is now completed in most parts of this dis trict. The yield, notwithstanding the appearance of * take-all’ in one or two localities, has been good. The wheat crop, which is now - being cut, also: promises fairly, no coinplaints with regard to the yield reach ing us from any portion of the district. The scarcity of labor is, however, severely felt, in all directions,. andAeems indeed to ..be general throughout Victoria as. welUas’New South Wales. Bush:fires have oc curred in various ‘places; but we have nob-heard of any great damage resulting as yet. As, however, the grass is now long and tolerably dry after the last few weeks of .scorching weather, too much caution- cannot be observed wherever fires have to be lighted in the open air.'/ The orchards; as a rule, are not looking too, well this year, and fruit is likely to be lees plenti-- ful than usual.” . V ' . ■ ~ ’The Riverine correspondent of the Hamilton Spec-, tator says:—“ Nearly the entire road from Echuca to Ueniliquin is destitute offeccl. This is changed as you approach Ueniliquin; Proceeding to Hay, on the Murrumbidgee, in the north, Moulamein in the north-west, and on to the Yanko, passing . Jerilderie, Coree, &c.;, you pass through some of the most magni ficent country you could find on the face of the globe, • the soil, a loose aud crumbly chocolate, having a sub- I soil of -the finest description. Again] between the ’ Edward,; and ’ the Murray, in..the Wakool country, the grafting and agricultural lands are equally good.; The want of water has’ always been a favorite topic with tho squatters and their satellites. Water' is in abundance the whole length- and breadth of Riverina. G° where you will, you -find water over an extensive area. .'Where there is none, it generally can be obtainedhby sinking for it, from 18 to 26 feet, or by making tanks in tho box forests. If 'Riverina can be equalled, by .any other-oolon-jr-in this- respect," I“am qsnfidentshe cannot be surpassed." . ! : : j- “Go operative farming has, it seems, already com menced in the United States; arid, so far,” says the New York Tribune, “it is very .successful For instance, the best and principal part of the cheese pro duced in the country is made by the co-operative plan, whether the farmers sell their milk, ,or put in their milk and receive their pay .in dividends when the : cheese is sold, for both methods are adopted; Country . merchants have now almost ceased to buy cheese, and well it is that they have done so, for they are without 'the proper.means of taking care of it; many oftfbcm are such, poor business men, or they have so Utile capital, that they cannot afford to • pay what cheese is • worth; and formerly when they dealt in it many of them ■failed. Butter is also made in factories- in the same ; way, and even when made in families it is bought by special dealers, who take it at the house and pay cash for it. This is of great advantage to the dairy farmer,: for he is able to pay cash for, whatever he may need, and he can-trade when he likes. If progress is made; with like success in this manner fora few years, the- 1 country, merchant will buy neither fruit; hops, nor ’vegetables, and he will sell but- few groceries or farm ■ machinery, for these can be bought as they now are in many sections at wholesale. Grain could be, sold by ■the farmers ot a township or district at wholesale, and at better prices than they now get -in the retail way, and buyers can afford : to pay better prices ; for this way.bf doing business drops out,; first,- the country merchant; second, the small dealer, making two middlemen, and, of course,- their profits are saved to the farmer. .p; , i ; Water foe Sbeep.— lt is a great mistake, and the cause of much suffering and loss hot- to - supply sheep with water, ; especially milk-giving-, “ewes,' '.During.the drought of 1868 many flocks were ruined by want of -water. I knowof a striking instance -where the ani mals wasted and weresent to, Chelmsford market in evil condition, the owner being ignorant of the cause. -The.dealer, who bought them -“ for a song,” first: ex amined the whites of their -eyes, thinking they must ‘have the rot or jaundice; but seeing all- right so far, he found that a supply of water was the only restora tive required. Grass, in a succulent state, contains 76 per cent, of moisture, but when dried,’very much -less. _ The same remark holds good for clovers, &c.; .When we give cake, corn, malt-combs, bran, &c.;, ;which we . always do, it becomes absolutely neces sary’tb provide water, ■ or tho animals, will not thrive. Give them the opportunity of judging for", themselves by an always available, supply, and they will exercise a proper discretion in the mat ter. Am iron water-cart is’on most farms an" indispen sable' requisite. When food is too wet and “ sloppy,” dry cotton,,oake or corn is a.good and profitable re gulator. Turnips and mangolds are disproportionately watery as food for animals, hence the losses occasioned by theni; especially with breeding sheep. They con tain fully nine pints of water to one pint of dry food; Ninety per cent.- of water is" too much; 75 to 76 per cent, in pasture grass is the more natural and"proper proportion. The human or animal frame has 75 per cent, of: water, just as good grass has. Meat is dear as food,’because it contains, in the lean portions, 76 per cent, of .water.. No wonder that bread and cheese are found far more economical- 