FORESTS. Mr. Casey professes himself as laud- ahly anxious to preserve the State forests. Like the State lands, they have been sacrificed right and left ; or ratner, it should be said, slaughtered. Revolutionary measures may restore lands to the people, but exhausted forests are lost for generations. Land and timber have been treated, in this country, ns though they were of unlimited qunntity. Another disad vantage is that Nature rather co operates with man in the destruction of the trees than resists him. In tho teeming woods of Brazil his onslaughts are repaired with a vigor causing them to appear only like that ploughing of the ground which makes it the more productive. So in other tropical elimes. But our forest trees, except in favored spots, seem to have a struggle for existence in their early stages, warping them to a greater or less degree ever after. On special areas, such as the Bullarook Forest-, Plenty and Otway ranges, and tracts of Gipps Land, the stringybark, gums, and other varieties, show their normal size and beauty. But what a compensation of wilder ness there is ! Here we have miles of twisted and deformed pepper mints ; there a whole country ot bush- fire ruins, prone on the ground or at all angles; in another place nothing but bleached sk.-letons of trees in the view ; and the description might be further eked out with the mallee scrub, sbeonk country, plains. One of the speakers at the forest commission' and sawmill proprietors' conference yesterday, before Mr. Casey, said that Bullarook Forest contained two-thirds, c.r mere, of the good timber in Victoria. This is, per haps, rather an over-statement; but the Bullarook, in consequence both of its enormous extent, and the inroads made upon it by impinging gold-field popula tions on different Bides, is the best plnce to begin with in the work, for such it is, of conservation. While crediting the Minister of Lands with a proper solicitude ior this cause, we would like to throw in a ver- determined opinion, whioh may lead him to make up his mind in the state of indecision to which he confesses, as to the means. Ho has evidently got a pet idea that forests may be preserved by establishing n rivalry between Governm-nt officers and local bodies in tho work. He yet pro fesses himself open to be argued out of it. We trust he will be. It is not a good idea. Establish a jealousy and the reform will be let alone while the reformers Equabble. There will be about as much done as Baron Mueller and Mr. Ferguson did between them, when set to work on this basis. Talking of the Baron, credit must be given bim for right notions on the preservation and creation of forests ; but it is to be feared his ways are frittery. Returning to Mr. Caeey, let us nivise him, as all his best advisers will, to adopt one statesmanlike plan, either with the ad ministration of State officers or local bodies. Bullarook Forest is too valuable to be experimented on. 