PERTH LOCAL COURT. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26TH. [Before E. W. Landor Esq. The Magistrate.] CARR v. DENNIS. Mr. Leake appeared for the plaintiff; defendant did not appear himself or by counsel. An action brought to recover amount of promissory note, for £10 and interest. Mr. Cooper having testified to defendant's signature a verdict for plain- tiff was recorded, for the full amount and costs. CASLEFY. v. HENRY STEVENS. Upon this case being called the defendant did not appear, the summons not having been served in sufficient time. Mr. Howell who appeared on behalf of the plaintiff, complained of the neglect of the bailiff of the Court in not serving the defendant with summons in due time. A fresh summons was ordered to be issued for the next sitting of the Local Court without any additional expense to the plaintiff. COSTELLO v . BRYAN An action brought to recover the sum of £19 10s. for wages due. Mr. Howell conducted the plaintiff's case. Mr. S. H. Parker appeared for the defendant, and submitted that the plaintiff could not bring an action in his own name, being in the eye of the law an infant under the age ol 21 years. The action ought to have been brought in the name of the father, or any other guardian. Mr. Howell, in reply, said he partly concurred with Mr. Parer, but the action was brought to recover wages due under a deed of apprenticeship, and for the non-performance of certain covenants. After a rather lengthy argument on both sides, the plaintiff obtained a verdict tor £18 with costs ; total £23 15s. 6. BRYAN v. FREETH. Balance of account for goods sold and delivered ; Mr. Howell for the plaintiff, Mr. S. H. Parker for the defendant. After a great deal of contradictory evidence plaintiff obtained a verdict for £6 3s. and costs. SHOLL v. POWIS. This was an action brought to recover the sum of £1 12s. stated to have been overpaid to the defendant for work performed by him. Judgment for the plaintiff for the full amount claimed. DAVIS v. VANTELL. An action to recover balance of account for goods sold by plaintiff to the defendant, amounting to 15s. Judgment for the amount claimed with costs. ARRIVAL OF THE BESSIE.— This vessel, which arrived from Port Walcott on Sunday last, brought intelligence of the safe arrival of Colonel Warburton and his party at Roebourne. Capt. Robinson, the master of the Bessie, informs as that Colonel Warburton had decided to pro- ceed to Fremantle in the Mary Ann, which vessel was to sail about the 15th ultimo. The Bessie was detained on the coast to the westward of Nickol Bay engaged in taking in cargo for about a week afterwards, so that the Mary Ann may be looked for at any hour. Captain Robinson has made a very rapid passage to the North-west, and brings very lively accounts ot operations at the pearling banks; albeit reports were rife of the maltreatment of several Malays, whose cases were being promptly enquired into by the commander of the Beagle. The Bessie left Fremantle on the 20th Jan. ; was off Champion Bay after a run of thirty hours; arrived at Shark's Bay January 23rd, and thence proceeded to Port Walcott. Left there February 11th, and proceeded to the pearling grounds, where a stay was made for seven days ; reaching Fremantle on the 1st instant, or on the fortieth day after leaving. The weather continues very hot and sultry, while bushfires are to be seen in all directions in the suburbs of the city. The prevailing winds are from east and south east —their contiunance making us long for the lux- ury of the strong sea breezes we usually enjoy throughout our hot season. They, however, appear to have given us the go-by this year. On Sunday last, shortly after noon, the thermometer, exposed to the sun, registered 144 deg. in the shade — in an open verandah — it stood at 95 deg. The recent high tides in the river are said by many to surely indicate a change, and the present month is notable for high tides along this coast ; culminating in boisterous weather with a heavy rainfall about the 21st— the autumnal equinox, or what is better known as the day on which the " sun crosses the Line.' CRICKET. — A return match was playced between the Metropolitan and Fremantle Clubs on the 18th ultimo ; the Metropolitans proving victorious by 17 runs. We will give the score next week. EXTENSION OF TELEGRAPH. — We learn that the Northern line of telegraph extension is completed at the Southern end as far as New Norcia Mission, with which station and Newcastle communication will probably be established to-day. Tbe other immediate sections to Champion Bay are being completed as rapidly as possible, and the whole of the line is expected to be in operation in the course of a few weeks. To CORRESPONDENTS. — " Credenda's," and " A Working Man's" letter shall appear in our next issue, as also several Roads Boards reports, &c.; 