TOWN TALK. The "Volunteer Band will give the first of a seriei of performances this afternoon, in Johnstone Park, commencing at half past three, and terminating at half-past five o'cloik. The following!* THE PROGRAMME : . 1—Grand 5uick March, " Faithiul Comrade — | Hartnann. 2—Valse, Hehe "—Crowe. 3—Selectim, ■' Le Chalet"—Adam. 4 Quadrile, " Bonjour"—Zikott'. 5—Pacini', Overture to " Anna Bolena." 6—Valse," Brides"—Lahitzky. 7—Selection '■ CbilDeric"—Herve. 8—Galop," Don't be in a hurry"—Geeks. Notional Anthem. Some anxiety was beginning to be felt 1 respecting the non arrival of the English mail steamer, it having recently been the practice for her to arrive here before the branch steamer had been telegraphed from Adelaide, and as the Pera was known to be one of the largest boats in the posses sion of the company, she was expected here on Saturday or Sunday last. Yesterday, however, all doubts were dissipated by the announcement that shewasolf CapeOtway and might be expected to arrive at Queens cliffe at 12.30 p.m. She did not get there until one o'clock, and it was not until an hour had elapsed that Cobb and Co. were able to got the Geelong, Ballarat, and Western District portion of the mails on hoard their waggon, as the New Zealand mail was being put on board the Aldinga at the Bame time, and this caused some little delay. Four good horses made up for the lo9s of time, and at half-past four o'clock 32 bags and one box were delivered at the Post Office here, and the nimble fingers of Sir Vivian and his 11 assistants soon had them sorted, stamped, and sorted again. The speedy manner in which the thousands of letters and papers were prepared for de livery and sending away was to a stranger, unaccustomed to watch them, something wonderful. The Ballarat portion of the I msil was sent away by the evening luggage train, and that for the Western District by th; night coach. About eight o'clock last evening some boys who were down on the beach, near the Eastern ' Baths, were somewhat as tonished by observing a well-dressed woman walking deliberately through the surf into the bay. At first they supposed she might have gone for a bath, but the fact that her bathing attire consisted of a black silk dress, a fine Paisley shawl, and a fashion able bonnet, gave rise to suspicions that something was wrong. After watching her floundering about in the water for a few minutes, it became evident that self- destruc tion was contemplated, and three of the boys waded out to her assistance. , She was taken ashore apparently much exhausted, amd Sergeant Morton was sent for. On his arrival he recognised the would-be suicide as Bridget Sullivan, the wife of a baker residing in Malop-street. After she had sufficiently recovered she was taken to the watchhouse where,'.for her own protection, she wa9 locked up. It appears that ber husband is at present an inmate of the hospital, and she is supposed to have been drinking somewhat heavily of late. A terrible encounter with a boar oc curred- yesterday at the Barwon Heads. John Blackwall, a selector, observing three pigs in his garden industriously foraging among a quantity of vegetables, armed himself with a stick, and proceeded to drive them out. Two of them fled, but the third, an old boar, showed signs of resistance, and as Blackwall approached began to paw the ground, and, according to his statement, foamed at the mouth. He was endeavouring by throwing out his arms to hunt it off, when suddenly the boar made a rush towards him and knocked him down, at the same moment biting one of his hands, and then seizing him near the joint of the right thigh, sunk its tusks through his trousers and into the flesh almost as deep as the bone. Luckily a little terrier which had accompanied him, at this critical juncture seized the boar by the hind legs and thus diverted his atten tion. While the boar turned Bavagely on the dog, Blackwall arose and ran to his house, where he procured a gun. By this time the boar had left his premises, but he followed it, and taking aim, wounded it in the neck. This did not kill it, however, and the animal again turned savagely upon him, but before it could reach him fell | exhausted on the ground. Blackwall re turned, and procuring another charge of shot, finished the savage brute. His in juries, however, were of such a seriouB character that after his exciting encounter he had to be taken to the hospital, where he now lies. The boar, it appears, be longed to a farmer in the vicinity. The quarterly general meetingof teachers belonging to the Wesleyan Sabbath School Teachers' Association was held last evening in the Saffron street school-room, Chil well. About forty teachers sat down to an excellent tea, presided over by the ladies present. The tableB cleared, a meet- ' iug was held, at which the Rev. E. King presided, and delivered a moat in teresting and appropriate address. The secretary, Mr Joyce, read the annual report, which contained a large amount of interesting information relative to the pre sent condition of the schools and the history of the year's transactions. The report was unanimously adopted. In the absence of Mr G. M. Hitchcock, who was prevented from attending to address the meeting, Mr Joyce read the heads ot the various subjects on which it was Mr Hitchcock's intention to have spoken. These laid the foundation for some addresses that were subsequently made by Messrs Iagamells, Brady, N. Brown, and Opie. After spending a very pleasant evening, and profiting by a variety of useful suggestions thrown out in re ference to Sabbath sojiool work, the pro ceedings were terminated. Numerous complaints are being made about the rigorous manner in which the lessee of the general market is carrying out his duties. He thinks nothing, it is Btated, of stopping country vehicles and searching them to see if they contain any produce, and a boy cannot bring a pound of butter iuto town without being pounced upon. While admitting he pays a high rent for th^-general market, it is urged he should notfiinterfere with people unless he sees them selling produce. Mr Hopkins was busily engaged can vassing the electors in Drysdale and neigh- i bourhood on Thursday. What with the | local election to supply the vacancy in the Board of Advice, caused by the resignation of Mr M'Williams, and the general election, Drysdale will be a little more lively than usual for the next month or two. " Burnt bairns dread the fire" is an old saying, and probably after the experience of yesterday Mr Robert Murray of para parap will also do so. Bent, it is said, on the destruction of a snake, he set fire to a stump at a time when everything was parched and the weather was excessively hot. The result was that the grass in his paddock, at Puebla, was consumed, a quan tity of his boundary fence destroyed, and severe damage inflicted in the properties of several of his neighbours. Both Mr Murray and his wife tried to stop the pro gress of the fire, and to confine it to their own property, but their efforts proved use less. Yesterday he was prosecuted at the Police Court for a breach of the 21st sec tion of the " Police Offences Statute," which provides, " that in all cases where j the occupier of any land desires to burn any straw, stubble, grass or herbage, or to ignite any wood or othqr inflammable material on bis land, written notice of bis intention must be sent to the occupiers of adjoining properties 24 hours previously ; a space of 15 feet must be cleared around the site of the fire, a,nd plough furrows of not less than three feet in width mpst he drawn on either side." Evidence was pro duced to shew that Murray had admitted the offence, and had complied with neither of these conditions. He was ordered to pay a fine of £5 with 25s costs, a punish ment which, under the circumstances, several farmers in court who appeared, to be highly interested in the proceedings, were inclined to think exceedingly lenient. By our telegraphic report from Warr nambool of the play yesterday, it will be Been five of the English professionals have again been distinguishing themselves by making no runs between them. Green wood was the only one to score, and he made 16. It will also be noticed that it was chiefly local bowling and Cooper's slows they bad to contend against. Cousins, the Aboriginal, played in "this match, and dis tinguished himself by bowling out his old tutor, T. W. Wills, who had previously obliged him in a similar manner. There was a very good attendance of members at the usual weekly meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Literary Asso ciation, held last evening in St. Mary's schoolroom, the vice-president, Mr P. Wiley, officiating as chairman. Mr M. Cassidy was admitted as a member, and, some other business of an ordinary charac ter having been disposed of, the secretary submitted the half-yearly report and balance-sheet for the session which expired on the 31st December, of which the follow ing is a condensation1The receipts from 1st of July to date mentioned were £86 Os 9d; expenditure for do, £69 19s 7d— leaving a balance to the society's credit of 1 £16 Is 2d. The auditors, Messrs Carroll and Cahill, certified to the correctness of | the balance-sheet,- and in their report, which was read by the secretary, congra tulated the society on its progress, remark ing that the largeness of expenditure was attributable to the very great additions recently taade to the library, and suggest ing the desirability of a continuance of the zeal and perseverance of the members, which so signalised the former session. Readings aid recitations having been satis factorily discussed, the meeting closed. Good nevs for anglers will be found in our intercolonial telegraphic intelligence, a salmon weighing 11 pounds has been caught in the river Derwent. Soon we may hope to see the pink flesh of these finny creatures gracing the festive boards of Victoria. Notwithatinding the very heavy fall of rain in the Jan Juc district, the bush- fire that was burning there for a week before has not been extinguished. It was thought that such bsd been the case, but it broke out again in the vicinity of Mr Barn father's property,on Thursday; the tire bad probably got inside some rotten logs, where the rain could not touch it. The inefficient manner in which many of our State schools are provided with neces sary appliances has before been commented upon, but few of them are so badly off as school No. 683 at West Geelong, which has no tank or anything to hold water; and this has been found very painful during the recent hot weather when the poor chil dren have suffered dreadfully from thirst. This is a matter that should receive imme diate attention. , Those who delight in a varied entertain ment should pay a visit this evening to the Mechanics' Institute, where Smith's Grand Combination Troupe will appear for the first time in Geelong. The management promise us acrobatism such as never seen here before, a dancing spider, comedy, vocalisation, and ventriloquism; also, a singularly daring exhibition of skill on the trapeze by Airec. Further particulars can be obtained by reference to the advertise ment. It may be added, however, the company has invariably achieved success in every town which they have yet visited. We have repeatedly called attention to the number ot horses that are allowed to stray about the pnblic thoroughfares of the town, but with the exception of one or two individuals who have been summoned to and fined at the Police Court, no further notice has been taken of the nuisance. On Thursday last a little boy, the son of Mr Horman, of South Geelong, had a very narrow escape from a serious accident. He was standing outside his father's house, a short distance from where a number of other youngsters were chasing a horse about, which of course became frantic, and rushed in the direction of the boy at the fence, and before he could get away the animal was upon him rearing, and gave him a kick on one of the arms, but, curious to Bay, the limb was not broken. It is stated that if the horse had been a few inches nearer the little fq#ow would have received the full force of the kick, which would no doubt have proved fatal. It is no common thing to see these quadrupeds grazing on the piece of vacant ground at the rear of the gaol—it being only a short time_since a little boy was killed by ahorse grazing near the hospital, from the effects of which he died—and we think that it is time more stringent measures were enforced to bring the owners of these vagrant animals to justice, otherwise accidents to children will be of daily occurrence. Rather a pretty squabble between af-. fectionate relatives over the personal property of a deceased lady came under the review of the Bench yesterday. Some short time since Mrs Withers, the wife of a hotel-keeper, while on a visit to Queens cliffe for the benefit of her health for warded a gold watch to Geelong to be repaired. Before the piece of jewellery was returned, however, she died, and the mother a Mrs O Brien—got possession bv some means of the watch. Application was subsequently made by the husband of the deceased, but the old lady refused to C-vc»P^c property, intimating that, as Mrs Withers had won it at a " raffle " be had no right to claim it. The husband's version was that bis wife had sent her watch to be repaired, and he supplied her m the interval with the one in dispute which be had purchased together with other articles of jewellery. After hearing a good deal of evidence on both sides, the Bench settled the interesting, but by no means edifying, family dispute by ordering the watch to be given up to the husband. I he annual meeting of the governors of the Geelong Protestant Orphan Asylum takes place on Wednesday, the 28th in stant. Among the passengers by the Pera is Captain Snee, who has lately been study ing gunnery in England. This is good news for our Geelong volunteers, with ke " very popular, as they will chji l ?• '?, obtain some shot and shell practice, which they.are so much in need of. hnn4h£lieSUUfif th.e jnt.ercoloninI match at handball or fives is being looked forward hv thl s, considerable amount of interest by the players who mostly congregate at that splendid alley built bv Mr Kelly at the rear of the Crown Hotel, and i 'L ,t nMl/£S e,d , th° S>'dncy champions should be invited to visit Geelong before oferiirir JAn°me' aQ-d i8'Ve an exhibition of their skill m one ot the oldest and best nnUThim yict.orla- The match commenced lTnt ^ ri ny ln c court at 'be Loughrea h n!u'Street' Carlt°n> at half-past 4 J L -Thompson, of Sydney, playing a rubber of nine games of 21 points each with the brothers Doyle, of 11-%- 60 Great was the fame of the twist ?uttmG otl a wonderful . vnn.t. i .'i1 t0SSm8 the bal)> 'bat it was e pected they would achieve an easy vic tory, and when they had won the four first games it was thought to be all over so far as Victoria was concerned. The Doyles hriiw' ;he\g0£ we!l in, and by some nnrl nmi y 'J1111 elicited the admiration and applause of a crowded court, won the four next games, and caused immense inte rest in the ninth, which was won by the Sydney men. The following were the scores made in the various games, viz. .— ?°,ut,h ^ales, 21> 21, 21, 21, 8, 15, 6, n To i°, ;, 7' as against Victoria, 2, 18, ?' 19> 2I> 21, 21, 21, 7. total 139. if will thus be seen although the TSydney men won five games they did not score quite so many points as the representatives of Vic toria. The following interesting statistics will show what the direct exports have been from the port of Geelong during the year ending the 31st December, 1873, viz :— Flour, 276 tons, value £3770 ; leather, 144 tons, value £15,039 ; provisions, preserved, 330,456 lbs, value £7638 ; tallow, 147 tons, value £4984; wool, greasy, 4,081,364 value £257,266; do scoured, 342,773 lbs, value £30,808 ; do washed, 9,501,754 lbs, value £1,070,840, making a total value of £1,158,345, an immense amount for the second port of the colony which forty years ago did not contain a hundred white people. If we could only get direct shipments to the port to anything like half such a sum, Geelong would be even more prosperous than it is at present, and it is to be hoped the movement initiated by Mr Meakin and others a few months ago has not been allowed to fall through. Those wishing to take shares in the Gee long Gold Cup Company should, as will be seen by advertisement, make early applica tion for them. Mr J. A. Hamill will preach as usual to morrow, and also on Wednesday, at the Temperance Hall. Mr Stewart is an nounced to preach in the Manchester Unity Hall to-morrow evening. It will be observed that the scholars at Mr Link's school are to re-asaemble as usual on Monday. The Yarra-street Wesleyan Sunday School will likewise be held to-morrow in the building, and an address will be delivered by the Rev. T.E. Ick. Some of the councillors who are to play in the Corporation v. Queenscliffe cricket' match took their preliminary canter yester day afternoon, when Messrs Francis and Page being present they enjoyed some ex cellent practice. Mr Roebuck was in great form, whilst the ex-Mayor showed he would soon be in fettle, and ex-Alderman Morris and Councillor Davey bustlecl about in good cricketing style. The Australasian Sketcher for this month is calculated not only to sustain but to increase its reputation. The first page is devoted to an excellent representation of Mr W. G. Grace at the wicket, and Mr Gibson as wicket- keeper, whilst a very good picture of the grand match on Boxing Day extends over two pages, and will be calculated to give the people of England a good idea of the enormous crowd who gathered to see their champions play. The portraits of the Yictorian eighteen are also given, some of these are good, but others might have been made more striking like nesses, that of Cosstick, the fold horse," being the best of any. We have received a lengthy epistle from a correspondent hailing from Ballarat, and styling himself " Old Identity." The sub ject of the letter is the late meeting at Ballarat in connection with the Clunes strike, and our correspondent does not approve of the action and comments of the local press. We have already fully dis cussed the subject, and cannot find space for the letter. The match between the first eleven of the Corio and fifteen of the Bellerine Club, for the Cricket Challenge Cup, will be commenced to-day, on the Corio ground, at half-past one o'clock sharp. The names of the players have already been published with the exception of that of F. Rout. The following schools are to re-assemble on Monday, viz.:—Church of England school, East Bellarine ; The Priory, New town ; Ladies Training School, Yarra street ; Leigh Road Seminary; Mr Cal der's private classes; Mrs Wallace's, Knowle-house, Skene-street; MrsSpencer's, Old Congregational Church; Drawing Atelier, Great Myers-street. Tiie follow ing will meeton Tuesday:—Mr Dumergue's music class; drawing class, Villamanta- street; Mrs McLaughlin's, Pakington- street. On Thursday:— Geelong Ladies' College; Ladies' College, Newtown Hill. The undermentioned establishments re- commence during the month at the follow- ing dates, viz..:— 26th, Portland House ; 27th, Ladies School, Fairfield Hall; Clarke House, Newtown Hill; 28th, Geelong College. We have received from the publisher, Mr Mackay, through his local "agent Mr Purdie, copies of two pamphlets. One is entitled " Forbearance," the divinely or dained mode of preserving unity in the Church ; and the other " Is marriage with . a deceased wife's sister forbidden in Scrip ture. The former is by the Rev. Andrew Robertson, of West Melbourne, and the latter by the Rev. James Nish, Sandhurst. Pressure on our space compels us to hold over Mr Langhorne's letter, which, how ever, will be published on Monday. The names of W. Davies was left out of the list of-those who passed the matricula tion examination, and that of F. Rout out of the civil service list, both hailed from the Geelong College. 