The next vessel from Fiji may be reasonably expectefl to - bring oefiuite tidiiigs afobnt>ihe progress of tlie annexation question, for when the last left Tievnka, a neat little game was being- played ont by Mr Consul Layaed and Commodore Goodenough. witli the Fijian authorities. The plan of operations laid down by those astute gentie- men fe to regard Hie Tiglish and German residents as strangers sojourning in the land, and to make it .appear that the only persons worth treating with upon the subject of annexation to England, are the Fijians themselves. Tlie native pride will, ; of course, be immensely gratifiedby this dis tinction, whilst tbe . effect of cQnGniog.the issne -to. the King of Fiji ahd his chiefs will be to placate aiiy jealousy which the demand for annexation, originated amongst the Europeans, . may have.itnd undoubtedly has kindled, mid to mdke ' the task of i peaceably solviug the question much easier than would be the case were Her Britannic i Majesty's representatives to show a dispo sition to iside with the annexationists as against King Cakobau and bis few white friends, and manydark teompatnbts. Accord ingly, Mr Consul Layaed and Commodore Goodekdugh have begun their task, not by a plebiscite amongst the whites and blacks alike-— hot by reccnLsing' the' destife of the white residents, bat by a manifesto aid- dressed solely -to tbe Kteg and thiefs Of Fiji, and dealing whit the question from a native stand -pennt. Tbey have also couched their manifesto ha that style of cxprestion, which is common . amongst the dark; races, and. vuc ueals.inore forcibly to the1. snscqttit)3ies aiid nderBtasdiDgs f'gipf|5>egj|hto plain pjste--of-fact Or the Fijians is, of coarse, loftily eschewed. The naionalc, indeed, of this amusing docu ment is, that England does not want Fiji — ' that it would .inuch rather have nothing to do with it — that the Queen's respect for the King Is something which cannot be mea sured for its proftmdity, mid that if there is one; human betngin the world more than anatherforwhfjm1 the whole British race has an undying affection, that being is the potentate who now -rales ousr Fiji. Having "directly and by implication "sought to- en force this notion npon the royal mind of Cakobau, the two smart English represen tatives have next set their wits to work: to show why England interferes with the Government of Fiji, when it thinks so highly- of its sable niohmthend his advisers, and their joint doings. They accordingly follow on with a A' but," and this -' but" is as cautiously put togethjer as the pre-' iiminaiy remarks. Reduced into < a few words, it shows that England will never forably take possession of Fiji, ' but; that if the King , and his chiefs liand Fiji over to- England, peace - and pros perity will : be ensured to eveiy class, and all distinctions ; between whites and blacks will be toned down, so that the whole of the residents of Fiji, now and to arrive, will become one of the happiest- of human families an Ihe face of this globe. Having fired off this amiable shot into the King's caaipj .a few; days were allowed to elapse before any further steps were taken by the English representatives' to press their smt,: when Mr Consol' Layabd and Commodore. Goodenough prooeed on board the Peail to Ban, where"CAKOBAU was staying when the last vessel left Levnka. - The object of this visit was to afford verbal explanations to the King and his duels, Should they.be required, and no doute; . to entertain them also on board perhaps the finest and largest corvette in the Britishnavalservice. If -the softsoap already tendered to the King and his chiefs does not bring them to look upon annexation as a safe issue out of their financial and . other tronbles, it will only be because no refmence is made in tire manifesto to pounds, shillings, and pence. It is clearly an oversight that Messrs La yard and Goodenough did not mention that a handsome settlement would be made npon the '."King,' his family and friends, in the event of the British flag being hoisted over - the now Fijian dominions. But perhaps there is method after all iff this omission, as it may be intended to use compensation. to.dinch the argument, should soft-soap not prove : of - sufficient force for the purpose Thtereis iioflung like money tb ' .bring a. man to reason, espedally when he is hard op, and does not ..know -which way to turn to raise .'.the financial wind. This happens to be the condition to which the King of Fiji is now reduced; andjherefore the dropping - of a' : little 1Enghsh gold into his coffers would no' doubt speedily bring him to a genial view of .annexation, when all other arguments might fail. As to the whites, their. sanction is seemed, for it is at their request Mr Consul Layaed. and Commodore goodenough are now operat ing npon the King and his chiefs with this object- in view. It is clear after tins, and fepm the manner in which . the manifesto Is put together, that, the idea so often ex pressed iii English political, circles, that England does . not want Fiji, , is . so much " buncombe!." The tenor of the negotia tions initiated by Mr Consul Layaed and Commodore Goodenough, and now pend ing with the King, establishes this belief to a demonstration. These latter gentle men "have evidently been directed, if. they can, to bring the King, and his ad visers to a strong belief in British- rule ; otherwise the address would not have been drawn up with such diplomatic nicety as it betrays. The true -meaning of this docu ment is, that England -mil be veiy happy to take possession, of the .country, and to govern it in n manner that neither the pre sent King, "the blacks, nor die whites can complain about. No evidence could more clearly establish this design than the fact that distinct allusion is made in the address to . the ability of England to give Fiji a sound and free government, and to promote its prospeti!y_in a manner that no native government could secure — a fact which few rational beings will dispute. " It is honew " thing," say Mr t Consul Layabd and Commodore goodenough, "for England " to govern islands like Fiji- She owns " and governs, in severa! parts of the world, " a great number of similar islands to Fiji, " and it will be veiy easy for her to govern " Fiji also, and preserve its peace and " promote the welfare 'and prosperity of its . " people." What is this but a direct in- vitation from the British Government to the King to consent to annexation so as to supersede the presenthybrid administration by 'a sound government elected by the whole people, or" nominated, as the case may be, by the British Crown r Evidently ; the British 'representatives have quiet in structions from the Home Government to secure these islands .for Great Britain ; and .unless the whites, associated with the King, are too much for them, Messrs LayaEd and Goodenough will succeed with their mis sion, for they are going about the wort in a manner which is the most likely to achieve tlie resultthat is desired. . The next vessel which reaches, us from Levnka will nooubt con tain intelligence' of a more definite kind, since the overtures made by Messrs Lay Ann and GoodenougH are of a nature to elicit an open expression of opiuiou, ordiscussioD, on the part of the King and his advisers, even if they do not immediately secure a favorable or a negative reply. This has so far. been a veiy hot summer, but it has been characterised by something , whuh is eveu worse,than heat. Years per haps have elapsed since so much property was destroyed by bush-fires, and fannersaiid squatters sustained equal losses by these fires, and the drought. By persons lesiding ' at so great an altitude from the sea as-Bal- larat, a hot and dry season such as we are now experiencing is veiy imperfectly under stood. The wind cinTeuts of' the sea reacli us here, and ' serve to temper the heat which otherwise would prevail even iii: this region. . But once the Dividing Range Is crossed, these cooling currents cease, and then a hot'Australian summer becomes a something uot'oply to endure while it- lasts, but also an event to remember for a 'long time after it has passed away info thennpinetrical oblivion. With .the heat and local situation, however, no man can deal. In these cases the old axiom applies, that what cannot lie cured must be endured. But surely bush-fires, and the destruction they cause to life and property, could lie guarded against if persons travelling through the country only displayed a little more care in their doings. Formerly the Government made a practice at the begin ning of summer of ."placarding the country cantiomng travellers against lighting fires in the.vjcinity of grass and bush ; and offeiing a .-- heavy reward for the conviction of offenders. In the teariy days tlwsse 'pro- damations were reganded as a good joke, U £ «f jMbftiund stupidity on the the good semte . Of ti»e notice was .recognised, and a lai)gemiber <ff ;ttaing Bwagnieii aided Iftjti -lo prevent ; bush-fires, by sdecting open ground for their camp-fires, and . extinguishing the embers on their departure. We under stand, these proclamations have latterly been abandoned, and if so a great mis- takej in the interests of -the fanners and. squatters,'has been committed. Every colomst ought to know by., this, time the danger. of khidling- fires in the grass, . and no doubt he does. But there is such a failing in the human race as forgetfulness, and these proclamations- had the effect of bringing forcibly to the minds of travellers a necessaiy piece of prudence, which, without them, they would have been very likely to have overlooked.- - It is not at all unreason able to conclude that to flieabseiice.of. these proclamations -now, many of.jthe bosh- fires which have occurred this season could be traced, and If so; the omission is one that should be rectified in future : years. -Cer- "taurlythe 6pread of settlement ought to have rendered them unnecessary, bringing down, as it does, to Tery . small limits the country open for the display of carelessness. But this year's experience shows that spread ysf settlement does not prevent fires, though it may greatly reduce tkeir'iiumbers and ex tent, otherwise such a large amount of . pro perty "as has been "destroyed-.tlns -season would not have fallen a prey to these con flagrations. Nearly half a summer is yet before us to get through, and it is surely "toot asking ' .travellers of all kinds too much to be. careful Where and how they Mndle_,. fires, ,and, .at, tlie same time to enjoin upon them the advisa bility of extinguishir the embers when, these fires have served .' their . purpose. The trouble of taking a little precaution is not mnch fe them, whilst It may inake all the difference between comfort and /ruin to those persons, who possess farms -and stations which happen to lie in .the neigh borhood oftkeir peregrinations. Late last evening tvd residentB of Wlndennere arrived at tbe City lock-ep, and complained to Sergeant MCullagfa that sparks from the funnel of .the engine Yarra. used by tbe railway contractor .'for conveying ballast op tbe line, had been setting fire to some scores of acres of grass, and endanger ing the satrty of stacks and dwellings adjacent to tiie line at "Windermere. The property of Messrs Walker, Wallcn, Dean, and . Kinnersly bad been damaged in this way : and they had been occupied nearly tbe whole day in keeping the fires down, as on each occasion when the engine passed large (finders would fly out and ignite the grass and stubble, and cause considerable alarm lest the buildings and stacks might also be consumed. Tbey desire that a spark-cat cber may be placed on the funnel; and no doubt tbe contractor will at once see ike propriety of doing this— failing which, legal proceedings are.ihreatened. A meeting of Mr W. Clarke's committee was held at tbe Surface -Bill bote!, Linton, on ^Satur day evening ; Dr Hostels mlhe cliair. TRfcom- mittee unanimously resolved to nse every exertion to secure tbe return of Mr Clarke free of all ex pense to himself, and expressed a hope tbatin all parts of Granville Mr Clarke's supporters will act in like manner. ' In or<tcr to cany out tlie above resolution at Linton, one gentleman pnt his name down for £5, and several others . followed for various sums. After m-il-injr arrangements to give the candidate a fitting reception when he visits Linton, and apjtointing 31r J antes Anderson secre tary to the committee, the meeting adjourned. A meeting was held at the Grcyhonnd hold. Snake Valley, Carngham, on Friday, by a number of Mr Clarke's supporters, for the purpose of form ing tl emsel ves into a committee to secure, that gentleman's return in the forthcoming clectinr. Mr C. H. Howitt was appointed chairman, and Mr G. Turpie secretary of the committee. A public meeting in connection with the Iladdon Miners Association was held at Konke's hotel, Trunk Lead, on Saturday evening: Mr Thorne was voted to the chair, and stated that the com- mil tee bad under consideration the propriety of baring a ball to meet in, and also an accident fond attached to the association. . Tbe first proposition met with appixfral, and the second caused some discussion, as to whether such fund should be con nected with the' association, or each claim have a fund of its own. Mr Joseph Jones, SI L.A., was present ly- invitation from the' committee, and ad dressed the meeting for about an hour and a quarter, referring to former attempts to form miners' unions, and to the repeal of the combina tion laws in England, showing that matters went more smoothly with niasters and men since the act was abolished than in-fore, when such meetings as tbe present were not allowed. When alluding to strikes which hare -taken -place, Mr Jonefe said it was a good sign and a pleasing fact that in most cases Ibe men sought to have the hours of labor shortened, not to have higher wages; and that councils of appeal to arbitrate when disputes occur had been established for the settlement of thein, and quoted Mr Mnndclla in snpportof the idea. Before concluding, the speaker said he was in favor of unions and was willing to assist in establishing them. Mr Jones was listened to veiy -attentively, and a vote of thanks accorded him with warmth. A conference was held yesterday between repre sentatives from the Bunyareesliire Council and the Water Commission. There were present — for the shire, the president (Councillor Crowley), and Councillors Bent icy, I'rosser, and Brown ; and for the commission, the chairman (Councillor M'Dowall, and Councillors Scoit, Josephs, Ivcy, and Eastwood. The first matter considered was the rating of the commis- ion's property within the sliire. Hie representatives of the commission thought it better to allow the s.nioiuit of the .valuation to be "fixed by the law courts, especially as a decision is likely to be given sli-.utly ; and hence nothing was done. Tbe question of tbe deviation road at Upper Gong Gong was next discussed, and it was even tually agreed that tlie Water Commission should form the deviation road, and maintain it until the completion of the Upper Gong Gong works. The conference then terminated. Hie silver-plated tea service, previously referred to in these columns, was duly presented last even ing to Dr Whucombc at his own residence. Mr L. Mianstkid. on m.-, king die presentation, read the following address Loyal Victoria Lodge, 4731. liallaiat, IGth February, 1674. -W. F. Whitcombe, Esq. Dear Sir, — The members of the above lodge lravc deputed us the honor of presenting, yon with this lea service a- a murk of the esteem in which yon are held by them, and as a very entail recog nition of the many and valuable services, care,- and attention, wliicli you have invariably given in all cases which were under your charge, extending over a period of area years, as our medical officer. Our sincere wishes are that you and Mrs Wiiit- conibe may live long to enjoy their use. We have the honor to be. denf-sir. yours very truly — L. Stansfield, i'.G. : 11. G. Dawson, P.G.: C. Smsrt F.G.: W. Cope, N.Gi; E: IL Knoll, V.G.; W! Dawson, IrusteeE. 1'arr, trustee ; W. H. Brird, secretary." Mr htansfiehi assured the doctor thai tite members held him in the greatest cstoent. and often spoke of hint in tlie highest terms for tin: courtesy and attention which he had at all tih:c- shouTi to them. The d'ictor, in reply, stated thai he felt highly coiuplinicutcl, and was "ait a loss to express himself in riuiiiMj; terms. He desired thrin to corfvey to the don,rs his sincere thanks for I in handsome present, v.hi.-li, he might say, he valued rather for tlie cx;:res-hm of feeling it convey c i \- than for its iutrihsic value. At the meeting Of the Benevolent Asylum Com mittee last tight. Sir Cazaly, the secretary, drew .iHenlinn to a paragraph which appeared in our issue of Monday, in referettee to eOmplainta of neglect made ((gainst ltiin .by representatives of friendy societies M Uupinyonginhol forwanjing acknowledgments of y.roceedstd fetes. Mr Cazaiv stale! that the usual acknowledgments . liad beeit promptly fortranleil by him, and lie disclaimed even the suspicion of having in anyway neglected his duty in this rc-pect. The committee (wemed satisfied that t he ; complaint had arisen from soinc niisundcrstanding, and left the matter yn Mr Cazaly's hands, from whom" "a letter appears in. another column. , A meiHtng of the managers of qnartx companies in tlicdistrict.-crushing for hire, was held at the Brunswick hotel last night. The object of the meeting, as stated in die circular, was to fix a uui- fcmi price -for crushing at per ton txtcasnefncttt, and lo draw iip roles for protection against, de faulters. The companies represented were as follow -Qneen Victorta represented by Mr filnn- ncrs. Britanliia by Sir Howe, Endeavor by Sir BeUliausen. Coantcss by Sir Murjihy, and Llan- Iterris by -Mr Thomas. Mr Manners was voted to theciiair. It was agreed tiiat 22 cubic feet ofquartz shonld he considered a tun, and that quantities' should be clisrged as follows ; — Under .10 tons, J not less tlian 7s Cd ; nnder 20 tons, not less Hum fis fid t all over 20 tons, lis, , These prices . were determined upon on the basis of a punched grating fil holes to the square; Inch; and in lite event of finer gratitige being required, it was deaded that fid per ton extra might; .'be charged for. every additiona 10 holes. Those preent aaroed dbit in tlie etfent of a uy person or peraonsfailing to pay for crushing witlihi tircaty-four ltoars thereafter, tlie names of the dtfiaulrers sltbtild be sent fe each, manager and puated in a boonnd tiiat no crush- ing should be done by rate company for any defaulter until settlement is made. It was decided tb»t. the .resolations pasted should be submitted for the approval of the several boards, and upon such approval being given, fibouldhe- piit into force. : rrt 'ty " At ameetii of the "dunes Borpnjfii Council on Friday, the commit tee appointed to carry-out the exotartibn of the .mortgage of- the waterworks to -the Governmcnt repuaed that; with the borough solicitor, they attended the Crown Solicitor's office on Tuesday, the 10th "February, for that purpose, when cheques were handed to the-m;iyor on behalf of tbe borough for £55,000 and -£10,000. being respectively a portion of the loan of £60,000 authorised by Act No. 415, and the money voted by Pariianient to assist the council in the purchase. They immediately .passed the money to fee repre sentative of fee New North CI unes Company, and received from hifii the original commission and the transfer of the whole of the works, Hiey were informed that the council would be imme diately gazetted as commissioners ol the works. They also bad an interview with Air, B rough Smyth (in tite absence of Mr Mackay),' and ap plied to liim to return the plans connected with the works which were in the department. He promised they would.be given tfenp a -written ap plication being made. ' The committee recom mended' that, as the. liability for interest had commenced, arrangements should be made for. reticulating the town, and intimated that Kir Lang- tree was prepared to explain the 6<fiieme proposed by him. Having made enquiries of various mer chants in Melbourne, they believed it would be impossible to get- the required pipes manufactured in this colony. It was resolved to confer with Mr Langtree as to the supervision of the work to be done : also, to take possession of all plant and -nrtterial bdbngt ngrto the aorta, and to applyio the Mining Department for plans, fie. The sur veyor stated that two companies at present taking water were each jpaying 6s Sd .per week,-and that amount would pay tbe interest .until further arrangements were made. What appears to be a wtaltcimts trick was per pet rated upon Sergeant Lariier early yesterday morning. He was wakened ienfti bf liis sleep and asked to go to a certain store. W hen he got there all was quiet ; hat soon there came a shower of st ones,.. which he had some difficulty in avoiding. It is'- tff' be hoped thefeiBsns'kho eommltted this outrage will not long he allowed to remain at. large. A very serious buggy accident took place a little after one o'clock yesterday in Armstrong street. Hie horse attached to a well-appointed vehicle came from the direction of Dana street into Arm strong street, .and when opposite the Town Hall hotel, collided with one of Cobb andCo.'s coaches, throwing the buggy completely upside down. The buggy was empty, but Cobb and Go. fortunately had a groom on the spot at the horses' heads. The driver, looking after No. I, jumped off the coach before tliiT collision. Tbe coach was not injured, and .the buggy, considering the smash, was very little damaged either. The hone was caught shortly after in Sturit street. ' Tlie lllustratid Australian News for February contains an unusual, number of picturesque views; consisting of the scenery of Mount Macedon ; "A Cruise in Bass' Straits." and the visit of the sx Alhambra to Miiford Sound, N.Z. There is also a larpc engraving of the "Ariival odithe Husbands' Beat at Queensdiff sketches of the members of the St. Kilda battery erecting their new butts, and departure of diggers for the Endeavor Hirer ; and a portrait of Sir James Martin. Chief Jnstice of New South Wales. With the next number of the -Yc ws will be issued a large picture of Sydney, being a companion to the large views of Mel bourne and suburbs previously published. At a meeting of inhabitants of Dungaree, held at Everard'e Harp of Erin hotel on Saturday, to take into consideration the loss sustained 'by Mr Thomas Hcnebery through the total destruction of ids crop by fire, it was agreed that a public meet ing be held at the same place on Friday, the 20th instant, at four o'clock p.m., to form a committee with a view to raising funds for his assistance under such trying circumstances. Mr David Christy having withdrawn his nomina tion, : -Mr. 'Oscar Fkoglund pis elected-: auditor of Bungareoshire for the ensuing term. It is announced by the cifyGerk that proceedings will be taken after next Monday against all persons residing in the city who have unregistered dogs in their possession. Late on Saturday night a man, named Thomas Emerson was admitted to the Hospital, buffering from fracture of the left leg. He was returning towards Black Hill, Gordon, from Baliarat, where be had attended a funeral, and when opposite the Hock of Cashei hotel, on the Melbourne road, he fell from his horse. — A lad about (fight years of age. named William Kempnteyer, whose parents reside in Clayton street, was brought to the iasti- tntioii last evening. The boy had been, in com pany with his father, loading a wuggun with water- casks, and while he was getting off the velocity the horses swerved, and one of the fore-wheels passed over the lad's body, causing internal injuries of a serious nature. _ ' : The funeral of the late Mrs Duncan, mother of Sir Gilbert Duncan, of the Edinburgh Castle hotel, took place yesterday. The deceased was of tlie old school of Scotch women, of a very homely and 'warm-hearted nature; and the esteem in which ahe Was held was evidenced by the length and respectability of the procession. The people of ihe Durham Lead, Bardie's Hill, Grenviile, and Mount Mercer will be glad to learn that, through the exertions of Mr William Clarke, M.L.Ar, tenders have been called for a daily to those localities, which hitherto were only sup plied with a mail three days per week. The entries 4cr the Geelong Begatta hare to be made to-day. Mr Graham, frpjn New Zealand, preached a sermon in the Presbyterian Ob urch, Tiggbreet. to a veiy attentive audience, on Sunday night ; tlie subject-being — -.The Inspiration of fee Bible, and the Truth necessary to be believed for Salvation." The benefits of hydropathic treatment in many diseases have, within the last few years, become more generally recognised t han they formerly were ; and it will r.ot, therefore, surprise our readers lo learn that an establishment for the practice of hydropathy has been opened in Ballarat. Thesuper- intendent is Mrs Jenkins, who has recently returned from England with a great deal of experience gathered in similar institutions there, and the site she has selected is close to the Botanical Gardens and Lake Wendouree, and consequently one of the must salubrious she could have fixed npon. The premises were formerly known ss tlie Oriental hotel, bill they have teen fcopsHerably added to and improved ; and from' a personal inspection, we are enabled to say that tliey have been fur nished with every comfort, and "fitted up with all the water, packing, and other appliances requisite in such an institution. Hie rooms are all airy and commodious, and there are two departments — one for ladies, and the other forgentiemen., lira Jenkins hai already seveijtl boarders under treatment, and lias every expectation of shortly largely increasing the number. The advertising hoarding erected by the agent of the Emerson minstrels in Sturt street was yes terday taken down, under the supervision of tbe city engineer. Yesterday Mr John W. Gray, on behalf of the agents and merchants transacting business in the 1'ioduce Market, presented Mr D. G. Rattray with a watch and fcltain on the occasion of his leaving tite market inspectors office (where he lias for six years acted as assistant), an! in recognition of bis civil and obliging conduct, and attention to his duties, during tiiat period. Hte Chinese New Year commenced last nigut, ahd the festivities /icill fcc conti dried for a'vwRc, all business meanwhile being suspender!. We rc- contly described the .rejoicings and amusements indulged in by Ihe Celestials on safe occasions. There is at last sntne chance of the Armstrong- street ' railway bridge being opened for ' traffic, as the men wcre.cngagcd yesterday faying the floor-' planking npon lite iron girders. » The butchers of Baliarat intend . holding their annua! picnic on Thursday, tlie 2tkh instant, at Dow-ling Forest;. and at tbie meeting qf lhc com mittee last night, it was resolved that the profits- arising front the festive gathering should be divided amongst the local charities. As some COO or 700 .jtersons take part in the picnic, it Is more than probable that the donations to the charities will be well worth receiving. The committee meet again at the Bucks Head on Thursday evening next, when-tenders fay catering, 4c, will be -accepted. ' - A cricket match was played on Saturday, at the Miners' Racecourse, between the Mount Pleasant School C.C. and the Mount Pleasant C.C., which resulted in. a victory for the fanner, with one innings.an'd 17. rims to spare. TheMonnt Pleasant C.C. made 36 ia the first innings, and 24 in the second innings. The School C.C. made 77 in their first innings. " We' are compelled to bold over scveraY letters for a day or two, hut Mr Meskins letter will appear to-morrow. The Austra/abiart .5 faxeher for Februaiyie an exceedingly good number. The title-page bears some sketches of. members of our Celestial popu lation, with, a descriptive article ri.-ewhcre on Chinese life in Melbourne. A Vety pretty and. artistic view is given of Australian woai being con veyed across the Murray, and another of wool being weighed into store. The.-'godsat the Pantomime" give us a vcrv good conception of how the heads of the people" appear as viewed from the stage of -tiie-KoyitioajBojang K%ht. Aqmnoramicylew of Hooirt Towh-"ehows to" advantagfe'the "city and harbor of tbe capital of Tasmania. ffVO -plc- tarraque vfo-ws are given of the Catholic- mission fed dfcn .transportation station, Isle of -Bines, New CaledonU._ A portraiof Jhe Hon. J. G. Francis is not a very faithful one ; but that ol Dr Feather- stone. Agent-General of New Zealand, seems a more life-like resemblance to the original- Other . illustrations are included in the number, of raja the letterpress is, as usual, Tery readable Afid entertaining. ;. iy,- , A meeting of grocers, employers and employed, will be held at the Bndc's .Hdad this evemngynt , nine o'clock, to make arrangements for the form- coming annual picnic. The St. Andrew's and Ebenezer Presbyterian Sabbath Schools will bold their annnal picnic at Geelong on Thursday, the 26th instant. Wo regret to see -by last nights Herald that Detective Daly, a very useful, intelligent, and highly- respected member :of the Victorian police force, ia dead. - Our coiitemporaxy reports the news as follows : — " Wc regret to hear that Mr Daly, one of the most active members of the Mel bourne detective force, has paid the debt of nature — ' passing in bis checks' -on Sunday morning - -He was well -liked and respected both in and out of -thc.force, and will be missed by many who were, daily brought into contact with him. His death was the climax of a long illness of some six months duration, during .-which time , his sufferings were considerable." .- it'- An attempt .(according to tite Crestrick Adver tiser) has been made at SmeAton to raise a store, in a manner which, if . successful, wbuld hoveheeh more exciting to the inmates than amusing. Says our contemporary : — " A dastardly attempt to blow up the store of F. Johpstpne, Smeaton, was made a few evening's ago. Jf appears that the owner of the place was awoke out of his slumbers, about half-past eleven c'dock. by a loud explosion, and immediately the place was fall of smoke. 3fr Johnstone was naturally-alarmed, and ran for the Afestanceof Nonstable Bojcew-hq qoipkiy amved and made a thorough examination of the spot from which the explosion emanated — a small opening under the house. - From this was drawn a long piece of fuse; and the fragments of a lemonade bottle which had evidently contained powder. ' ' By the aid of water the fire was put out Hie matter is in thfetandaof tbe poljpe.1 , \ .. 7 ;jr; ' This funny paragraph appeared in yesterday's P. C. -News: — "."Very- derided action 5 has been taken faiely by "the Stawell quartz crushers intee- ference to the- jumped claim known as No. 4 North Scotchmans, which has been the source of great excitement and litigation. The hew company formed in tbe interests of the jumpers have latterly been raising stone, but tite "crushing companies have, one' and all, positively refused to crash it. This may be taken as a, pretty strong expression of opinion here; -as to the merits of the' celebrated ' jomps.' It is understood that this claim is'still in litigation, and that proceedings concerning it will sbortly-beresumedfin fee law.courts." The house of Air Michael Connor, a fanner living within half a mile of Dtysdale, . had a very harrow- escape (remarks the -Geetang Advertise.)) from being burnt to the ground on Saturday even ing. At About seven o'clock it was discovered that a stack, containing some 4 or 5 tons of hay, was on fire, and Mrs Connor and her children were in great distress, the head of the family being absent, and for the first few minutes, none but females came to her assistance. "Shortly after, Sir D. M' Andrew, the Rev. Mr Tuck Self!, and over 100 sturdy men arrived, and, working with a will, = managed to confine the flames to the stack, there being a good supply of water obteinabk from a hole about 200 yards away. The hay was not in- sured. On Thursday night (says the Eendigo Evettiag - Star) an extensive robbery of amalgam was effected at the crushing plant of . the Abe Lincoln Gold Alinjng-and Crashing Company, New Cham Gully, where the No. 2 Garden Gully Tribute have been crashing for. some time past. ' It was the enstom, after clearing the ripples, to deposit the amalgam in kegs, of which three, whose contents were valued at between £400 and £500, were placed -dose to the wall of the stamper shed. These were seen in their places at.eleven o'clock atnight; in the morning it was' discovered that, one of the sheets of corrugated iron, of which tite building is composed, had been torn away, and that the amalgam had beenabstracted. As yet we believe tbe police have obtained no cine to the per petrator of the theft.' On Friday last, during the sitting of the Diocesan Synod of Tasmuua atHobart ' Town (states tbe Cornwall Chronicle ), and while Bi=hop Bromby was engaged in reading the firet prayer, Dr Valen tine proceeded from the body of the cathedral to the steps leading to the choir, and said that he pro tested against the synod bring held in the cathe dral, stating that the whole proceeding (referring to the ministers bring dressed in surplices ) looked popish. Tlie bishop was somewhat astonished at this proceeding and requested the churchwardens to remove the disturber, but Dr Valentine imme diately retired.' The Judges of the Supreme Court lfaT&.-gef«|sed> the- application for a mandrmts to compel the bishop to proceed with the invest iga- tkju of certain charges ol alleged breaches of ec clesiastical law, preferred by -Dr Valentine against the Bev. Augustas Barkway, of St. Paul's Church. Launceston. Ftom rime to time (remarks tiid Age) fragments of oyster shells have come ashore at" Apollo Bay, proving conclusively the existence of an oyster- bed near hand. Our contemporary now learns that at the present trip of the Pharo9 an effort will be made to discover this bed, and Major Heath, whose interest in oyster culture is well- known, is sanguine as to its presence. -- Philip Gottlieb William Schatfer, grocer, of Bridge road, Richmond, was drowned (says the Argus) in the Yarra on Sunday. About six o'clock, a.m. he left his liomc and went for a bathe in the rjver.. .. As his family wercjiot thai out of bed, he wrote a note stating that he 'was going to bathe, and left it upon a table: Shortly after six o'clock some boys who were fishing in the river saw iiini nndress and jump into the water, below the.Haw- . thorn Bridge, and observed thathe did not rise again. Information was conveyed to the police station in Bridge road by , a Jad named John Sharpies, within about -half an hour, and a con stable went to tlie scene of tbe fatal occurrence, and tried with a long pole to bring up the body. It was not, however, until past four o'clock p.ni_ and until after the water had been dragged for some hours, that tbe body was found. It seems that he was in the habit of bathing in the sea, and that he never tried the Yarra before ; and it is sup posed, a wound having been discovered upon Ids head, fihgt, on jumping iato -the water, he came into violent coptact , wife s snag and was stnnned.- His age was abont fifty years, and he was well known in Richmond. He was a steady sober German, and lie has left a large family of grown-up sons and daughters. . -u\ : . . A suicide of a very determined nature occurred At Kerang, on the Loddon, on AYednesday iast. The man who .committed the rash act (says die Kgneton Ohscnxr) was at the time in the employ , of Messrs Wood Brothers, of-Dorham Ox, but had fe a former period been in the employ of Messrs Argyle and Booth, in this district, for a number of years, and had- frequently ridden as a jockey in Kyneton. The manner of the act wa a singular. and evinced a most resolute intention on the part of .1 arret t to kill himself, as he strapped liis arms fed legs' together, and deliberately rolled himself into the river. _ Hie Pastoral Times writes : — ' Mr Frederick Yorke Wolsricy, one of ' the lessees of Thole station, near Deniliquin, went to England recently to see his brother, Sir Garnet Wolscley. who was- about -to go ss comtnander-m-cbief in Africa against the Ashantccs. The brothers hail not seen each oilier- for ten - years, and might never bare met in litis 'worid -if the - Australian brother could not get ftnmc in time to "see tit. soldier brother ere he left for the sickly Gold Coast ; so the squatter hurried to fee fed countrv bv overland steamer. Arrived at -Southampton, M> F. Wolscley found that his brother hsd left for London, so the former rushed to the' raaway.slatioriL caught the tjfei jnsr as it wax 'starting: he plnhged into the first railway carriage feat, he" saVopeu f-.ixVas full, and the. occupants stoutly resisted the entry of the intruder, who cried out. 1 must go fe Loudon to-night ; I will reach London to-niglit to whi-ii otie gentleman of the eight had- great objection, so he left the carriage and went on the platform to cali the aid of the guard. " The general now saw Ihe boisterous roan in broad daylight, who would be iri London -that "night. Hie two stared at each other for a stxond, when the general cried out, What. Fred, is that -yon!' who said, 'Why, it's Garnet!" and of-course they frater nised. The brothers went to London that night." The Iler.ild states feat : iris -whispered in Go vernment departments that. the - business" which Jed Sir Georgia Bowon to Gipps Land was tlie choosing of ante for a country house and shooting box for the vacations. 