NEWS OF THE DA t. . It will be remembered that a short time since Air. Hodgkinsou was laid up by a seripus illness) brought on by excessive work" Since then, at intervals, and even prior tq tbe time alluded to, that gentleman hsi asked to be allowed to retire from the public service, as bis medical advisers had assured him that the affection of the heart from which he was suffering was of such a serious nature as to preclude liis following up his active duties. Kccetitly the request has been repeated in such a form that the Minister could no longer avoid acceding to it. In doing so lie has testified to Mr. Hodgkinson's assiduous nnd un ceasing labors in the performance of his duties, aud has added that if Mr,, Hodgkinson has fallen into any error at all,' it is that he has overwhelmed himself with work he should have deputed to others. Mr. Bodgkinson'B application to be allowed to re. tire from the service has been formally ac cepted, and he will ccaso to be connected with the Lands' department to-day. It is tbe intention of tho Government to ask Parliament to recognise Mr. Hodgkinsoas services in tbe formation and cultivation of tbe gardens around Melbourne that have been under his' control, and for which he has hitherto received no lemunera. tion whatever. Mr. Hodgkinson will retire on a pension under the Civil Service Act. He has been twenty-two yeais in tbe Hervice, and his pay will consequently represent twenty-two sixtieths of his annual salary. The retirement of Mr. Hodgkinson has made it necessary for the Government to provide a successor, and the opportunity hns been seized to appoint a gentleihan who will have charge of the whole department, .and who will receive tbe title of Secretary of Crown Lands. After a careful consideration of the relative claims aud abili ties of the various eligible, officers of fbc public service, the range of choice was limited to three gentlemen, viz,, Mr, Gudeman, of the Treasury ; Mr. Archer, the Registrsi. General; and'Mr. B. Brongh Smyth, ofths Mining department. Mr. Gudemau, as 13 well known, came down from tlie Treasury and entered the Lands office, on the working of which lie made some very valuable reports and suggestions, now being carried out. Mr. Smyth's ability in the Mining department is well known. But Mr. Archer's abilities in bringing tlie chaos of the Lands Titles office into complete working order and smoothness poiuted him out as an administrator and disciplinarian of rare I merit. |ln addition to this, ho is seru- I pulously accurate ; a quality highly csseu- I tial in the Lands department. Last, ami I perhaps not the least, he has tho merit of I having becn'cnlled to the bar during his oc- I cupancy of office as a civil servant. I This legal training lie has acquired I will give him a technical know- I ledge most invaluable in the ad- I ministration of a department whoso opera- I tions are based, not only on law, hut on lairs I frequently undergoing change. His forensic I knowledge will enable him to base tho ma I chinery and'operntitms of the department on I tho' regulations designed by Parliament for | their guidance. Neither Air. Gudeman, nor I Mr. Smytji, it is stated, can be spared from I their respective departments without causing I serious inconvenience. Air, Archer has I therefore been appointed to fill tbe position. I Thereore many minoraltprationa that can aud I will be postponed till the new permanent I head has had an opportunity of reporting I to tbe Minister and giving his advice. The I new occupation branch, undbr Mr. Byron Moore, tho assistant surveyor-general, and the branch under Air. Allen, wl)0 has charge of tHfe maps' and plans, will' undergo no eliange,- as they are working most satisfac- I torily. The work, turned out is almost im I credible, as many as 500 cases per day being disposed of by Air. Alooro's branch, The secretary of Lands will havo tho whole I department under his control. Mr, Archer's present salary is £1000 a yenr,_ and the Oo- vernment intend to ask Parliament to ia- H crease it to £1200. . We'leam that the council of the Cburcbo! Englnnd Grammar School have sent a tele gram to England, asking the four member of the council nt present there to select s bead master fer tlie school. The four gentle- men to whom this duty has been committed . aro tbe Chief Justice, Sir W. F. Stawell, Dr. Perry, the Bishop of Melbourne, and Messrs. E. Brett arid-It. AYillan. This step Iras been taken in consequence of the H council having received an intiaia: -fl tiorr thatr the present bead master, _ Dr. Brombv. intends relincmishine his position al the end of the" year. Many persons will bs glad to know that Dr. Bromby doe3 not m- tend leaving the colony, - nor will he givo up teaching. He is convinced that, owing to H his ndvnnced age, it will be well for himself, and for tho grammar school, that be shoulo H retire from tlie , position he now occnpie. There are plenty of laymen in the cofoay possessing sufficient scholastic attainment, H atid skill in teaching, to fit them for the office about to be. .vacated by Dr. Brompv , but, as the constitution of, the school require that tlie head master should be ill ccclesias- tieal orders, the council havo taken tns steps mentioned to secure an efficient ma for the post so well filled for many years uy .re, Dr. Bromby. . _ re We understand' that Mr. G. H. F. Web hais. lodged his. nomination paper and depo re with the returning officer for St. Kim Air. Hartley Williams hns also lodged ti m re necessary papers: ..We ore inforrnod Wj whoever else, may retire from the contest re St..,KUda; Mr Webb will not. / Tbere'fs a grbat.area of low-lying land in tho town of Emerald-hill between the -.a re ridge-road' ahd' tbe- Yarra, from "l® > Kilda-road downwards, and this land re not be turned to profitable account until w re whole has been' raised to a propf l< ,' -re Where to- obtain sufficient' materir.I to this Has long been a trying problem i to m municipal authorities of the fliU , \ re calculated thaf the siltdredged froa b w Iri ofthe.Yai-ra in front of the new south whut | would' eoabld a portion of tbeewa P . fl filtod up. Th. Public Works department, ,| however, havedefcided otherwise, an_ ,(y . as Bix or eight of the fiats a by the' dredge' - they are towed y a'.tu'g boat-down' to "Wilhamstown, an H debns is unloaded in the.vicmity of the i re stPfeji-linudinreclaimmgtwh from the Bay. Last mght the S brought- under consideration I M hill town conncil, and « < wm appoint# to wt Apt® I ' nf Public Works on the subject. I i ' 11 iirobably not be difficult to make Mr. I ' lorson psrceivo the absurdity of towing I tfldris nine miles down the river when I aie whole of it can l>e wheeled on shore just I w where it has boon excavated from and I especially when it will cost a very large I r, to briuE other matenal from a long dis- I (f"„cc fill up tho swampy land adjacent to I the new wharf. I The Attorney-General, Mr. Kcrferd, left I (wn yesterday by tile mid-day tram for I Lvhworth, his acceptance of tho position I I first Law officer of the Crown requiring I fct he should again go before his con. I .Lents, the electors of the Ovens distnct. I The hon. R. S. Anderson, Minister of Public I wori;s also proceeded by the same train for I ii. uuroose of prosecuting his canvass of tho I IttemProvince. It is not expeotod that I there will in either case be a contest, although I v Seymour Express says it is' reported I ivit Mr. Patrick O'Brien, of Hawthorn, I who opposed the late Mr. Turnbull unsuc- I M-sfufiy for a seat in the Eastern Province I some time back, is about to enter the lists I Linst the hon. R. S. Anderson. I; k meeiing of bank managers was held I restcrday, at which ten banks were repre- I Imffii. It was decided to raise the rates' I r interest on deposits and the rates I ft discount on bills 1 per cent, per ant I rum The scale of hank charge's for dis; I wunt will now be, therefore!, as follows I 63 days' bifis, 7 per cent.; 95 days', 8 per I cent.- and 125 days', 9 per cent. ; interest I overdrafts will be charged at 10 per cent, I Exchange on London has'also been advanced; I (ho tanks' selling rate being J per cent" I premium, and the buying rate j per cent. | discount, I An important meeting, hastily convened I ypt-rday, was held at: the City of Alel- I jionme Bank, 117 Collins-streot west, to I hear an explanation from the deputation of I t'i; Deniliquin and Moama Railway Co. The I hen. Thos. Loador was voted to the chair. I Alter a lengthy explanation the meeting was I jpourned until Monday next, the 1 1th in St., I a'.'the same place, at three o'clook p.m. I Jksolatioos passed indicated that the explan- I jtionsolfered were so far satisfactory. A do- I Jiitr.tion from tho Railway Co., consisting of I Messrs. D. G. Jones and J . Waring, the hon. I locretary, will be introduced to the Minister I if Railways to-day at eleven a.m., by ap- I iiointmentj with Mr. J. Ellis Stewart, par- I iamentary agent to the company. I Informations were laid yesterday against I Aaron Waxman in refcrenco to his transac- I lions with the property of Elins Hosenwax, I pid summonses have been issued requiring I him to appear at the City Court on Thurs- I Jsy next. The summonses are four in num ber. In tho first the matter of the charge is that Waxman "didunlawfully receive certain property, to wit, certain silks, hills of ex change, and other property, from one Elias Eoicnwax, an insolvent, whose estate was I EX|iicstrated on tho 30th day of September, 18/1, with intent to defraud the creditors of the said Elias Hosenwax, contrary to the ftatute in such case made and provided." The second alleges that he " did unlawfully (cccpt this property." The third, that he I "did unlawfully nnd wilfully conceal the property." Tho fourth charges tho defend- sutthathe, "then being tho bailee of cer tain goods, property and valuable securities, to wit, certain silks and bills of exchange, the goods, property and securities of one Eli/is Hosenwax, did fradulontly take and convert the said goods, property ancl securi- ties to his own |use, and thereby did|felo- niouily steal the same, contrary to tho statute in such case made and provided." The Sydney Morning Herald, writing- on tho recent local rainstorm and its effects, r.vs that " the rainfall was the heaviest and most continuous that has occurred in Sydney j,.r some time. At the Observatory no less- than 3.920 inches fell between nine o'clock en Sunday morning and nine o'clock Mon day morning. During the previous twenty- fiiir hours 1.348 inches fell. The force of the wind which accompanied the rain varied from twenty-four miles to fort.y-ono miles per hour. Owing to the construction of additional openings into the sewers by the rity architect, to allow of the quioker carry ing off of the storm waters, there was much les inundation than has previously occurrod when equally heavy rains fell. The most serious loss in tho city has been tho giving my of the front of a two- storie'd drapery hop occupied by Mrs. Haggett, in Argyle- sweet, near its intersection with Kent-street. The shop was very old, and its foundation iut being of the most durable material was penncated by the rain, and the front of it inconsequence fell out about twelve o'olock o:i Sunday." An account of the disastrous iiiccts of tho late heavy rains upon the Syd ney water ro3erve will be found in another i 'iinnu. According to all accounts the relations between the insurance companies interested in the recent (li e on Mr. D Arnold's promises in Collins-street. arid Mr. Dehriold are not of the most amicable character. Mr. Detmold's s'ok was so large and so various in its'cha- rvlor that it" was only by the employes voi king niglit and day that he was able to furnish the companies with particulars of Mi losses within the fourteen days prescribed 1 v the terms of tho policies he had effected. companies, wc learn, have taken some exceptions to the statement furnished, aiid t'-.e probability is that unless they enter upon the consideration of the cluiiris made in a a. jre friendly spirit, Mr. Detmold will at" once ir.he the necessary Bteps' to secure tho pay- runt of the losses he has sustained, and sg.iiust which ho ha-l insured. ' The handsome prD.es to be presented to the winners at the approaching coursing' uniting are likely to promote in no small' ilf preo the emulation of competitors. A fine IS-carat gold cup has just been completed' by Messrs. Edwards and Kaul, of Collins- sir vet west, wliioli, togethor with 100 sovs., will ">e the first prize for the West Bourke Cup, to he run' for on' the 25th .Tune. The cup is the gift of Mr. W. J. Clarke. It is valued at fifty guineas, stands seven inches high, and weighs six ounces. A brace of hounds are represented at' full stretch'after a lime, and trees arid Hills are introduced into the course depicted; The rim and bottom ni tho goblet-shaped cup and the edge of the' stand aro neatly engraved, arid altogether the trophy is ono that will be prized for its intrinsic worth as well' as' for the victory it' is to celebrate. Mr. Anderson's address to the electors of the EasternProviiiceis published inour adver tising columns'. He is ' iri'faypr of a mining, op private, property act, an amending land act, a reform of tho trirjff in tlio direction oi frce-trade, arid a judicious but' liberal system of assisted immigration. A deputation from tire Acclimatisation Society,.. consisting of Mr. Purchas, vioe- president; Mr. Godfrey,. M.L, A.., and Mr. i,e Sueur, secretary, |waited yesterday on the thief Secretary and Mr. Langton, to request that an additional £1000 should bo placed on the estimates for the purposes of the society; , Mr. Francis suggested that in, the event of I lie sum asked for b'eing granted by Parlia ment, the society should charge ffir admission' to their grounds, arid' thereby obviate the Necessity for any further provision being tele fur them on the estimates. Thesecre- t.iry stated that if' iii addition to the, annual grant they received £1000, arid were al lowed to make a chargo for admission, thoy would soon hecpiiio self- supporting. The Treasurer promised to place the amount asked for on the estimates, '.and'said that fie would otter no opposition tq'its being granted if the (House approved. 1'lie deputation then Withdrew; V The Dai'dlqiihi Gazette says that the fol-. Wing draft of a. telegraphic message tfrpm tome uquatters to their, Sydney agent was. picked up on Thursday, the 30th lilt- , ip ileiiiliquin, Pjiis _ interesting document,; stowing how " reserves'! are now made,, and for what purpose, reads as follow:'— "Official intio tuition has been received here from, tho Lands department, to tho effect tjjat po minerii! leases have been taken up by us ill the parish of Kerrnnakoon, county Town- aend. See Surveyor-General at once ; ap plications must be with Mr. Woods, from whom no information can bo got. Get ex tension of water reserve No. — gazetted k-lorg npxt Thursday if possible. Reply- immediately. Has rpsorvp 287 hpep P5\ tended? selections being tqkep pyhere it Would go. Reply." . The Bicerine Gazette reports that on Tues day, the 5th iust., the committeo of tho Murray District Selectors' Association' held its usual monthly meeting at the Highlander Hotel, Heailiquio. Mr. Bell, senr., moved that thp1 spcrefary should, by. ryrjtipg to kindred associatiops and seeking co-opera tion, construct a common platform oh which those now settling in this and other districts could enter on an. agitation ministering. to the interests of all desiring to use the larid in the way intended by the act. Mr. Bell illustrated the necessity of this by references' to the'', (' reserves for the ' supply at voter." He referred also. to.. the; erec tion of houses by squatters all over their runs, that thoy might obtain the lots ns " improved." These so-called " improve ments" were entirely disconnected with pas- toyaj industry : and entirely without pur. pose, except that of gettiug the lands. Tliese houses; worth £00 or so each, surveyors re- or « 8 1 tlle val" o£ 320 acres. On' ofl_i. j 'ln — Ike lesseo had even started a saw m,u to cut timber-and it wm intended on various places there to erect some seventy or eighty of these "re sidences.'" In other places too, notwith- standing tho late instructions issued by the .!Jlg.r-.S®P®raJ. the surveyor in chargo of thb diBtnct had directed his subordinates to survey Bgnatters dummied lots where no houses Were, for whore, ifa.few sheets of hark &, rectecl. they had al ways been unoc cupied. Thosecretaricsweroinstrfictedtoopen Korrespondcncearith all kindred societies in southern Rivcnna for the purpose of general co-operation; as also to communicate with tlife proper Ministers on the subjects of water reserves, and roads to 'selections. Tkocompo- r . z- Vkl jury list, as illustrated in j trials at DetaUiquin, was also dis cussed, and the secretaries directed at once to communicate with the Minister of Justice on the subject. Hartley Williains'addressed the elcc- I e'n -l KHdk electorate in the town H'st night, and briefly recapi tulated liiB views on the various political questions of the day. He claimed to have taken a prominent part in tho recent educa tion movement, bnt his opponent, Mr. Webb, had not been publicly identified with any political question. Ho repudiated the im- putntioii that lie was too young to he a poli tician, by stating that he was thirty-twoyears .ofagO'rand pointed to the fact, that, while .Mr. Webb was so ambiguous as to justify tlie assertion made by 7 Vie Age that he was sitting on a rail, . he (Mr.. Williams) spoke unreservedly of his convictions. Mr. Wil liams was well received, nnd there was no opposition to the vote proposed and carried in his favor. Mr. J, Thomson, who is now seeking a seat in tho Assembly, addressed the electors of St. Hilda last night. At the close of the meeting an adverse vote was carried against him, the mover of which, Mr. Gordon EvanB, pointing out that ho had no personal or political difference with the candidate, merely protested against his candidature at the present juncture because the presence of two liberals in the field made success to that party impos sible ; and as Mr. Dixon bad been c'hoBeu as the candidate who hail the best cliancc, Mr. Thomson ought to retire, especially in view of the fact that lie had tooitly agreed to the preliminary election. Although tho resolu tion was carried against' Air. Thomson, he stated that he intends to go tojtho poll. ! Mr. (George H. F. Webb addressed two meotingB of the' St. ICilda electors last night, ono at tho South Yarra Club Hotel, arid the other at the Toorak Hotel. At' each place a vote of confidence in the candidate was car ried. Amcetiri" of the council of tho National Agricultural Society was held at their office, Bourko-streot, yesterday afternoon ; present, Mr. R. Simson (president), in the chair, and Messrs, Fiskin, M'Caw, Hatchings, Bell, Cooper, M'Phail, Lennon, Taylor, Carson, Job Smith, M'Dougall, W. Al'Culloch; and J. C. Cochran. Mr. A. R. Wallis, by letter, resigned his position as member of the council, on account of pressing engagements. This was accepted, and Mr J. Gibb was chosen to fill', the vacancy. Mr. E. Henty was elected Vice-president in the place of Mr. Simson. The tender of Alessrs. M'Carton, Bird and Co., was accepted at £7 4s. for printing the annual report. The fol lowing coirimittees were appointed : — Finance committee : Alessrs. Carson, Cooper, and Godfrey ; printing and advertising committee : Messrs. Wilson, M'Culloeh, Hammond, M'Gregor, and Murray ; collecting committee : The whole council ; building committeo : Alessrs. Car son, Godfroy, T. J. Sumner, Al'Dougall, W. Sumner, and A! 'Caw ; show com mittee : Messrs. Al'Culloch, Hammond, M'Dougall, Al'Caw, Cochran, Fiskin, Hutoh- ings,' Lennon, Bell, and Carson; veterinary college committee : Tho president, Dr. Thompson, Dr. Plummer, Messrs. Search and Alitchell ; importation of stock from Now Zealand committee : Alessrs. M'Caw, M'Cul loeh, Peok, Murray, and lludtl. Tho subject of the collector was brought up, and it was agreed to give that gentleman a month's notice that his services would be dispensed with under the present agree ment, but that some fresh arrangement might be made with him. Some discussion took placo on the matter of commission being claimed by tho collector on amounts sent in without his exertions being used to secure their payment. No definite decision was arrived at. Air. Al'Caw pointed out the necessity for holding a private conference of present and past members of tho council for the pnrpose of considering the financial posi tion of the society, and the best means of carrying on its business mora efficiently in the future. Their tleht, ho said, was over I I UOi). It wui agreed to mutt tor that pur pose on an early day. Some eighteen months ago Dr. Robertson, of St. Kildn,. received the acting appoint ment' of surgeon to the St. Kilda Battery riee. Dr. Van ITcraert, on leave in England ; but' the latter not returning to time, Dr. Robertson received the appointment of sur geon, and to commemorate this event be has given to', the members of the battery a hand some trophy, to he shot for, the conditions being four competitions, with tho Govern ment large boro rifle," at 200, 500 and GOO yards, the: highest twelve at the two first competitions only to compete in the third, and tho highest four compctitois in the third to compote for final ownership in the fourth. Seven shots at each range, any position. Thei monthly meeting of the Cabmen's- Union' was held at Salcnger's Commercial Hotel' last night. In the absence of the chairman of the union, delegate F. H. Mnckay was voted to the chair. All the delegates were present, and there was a numerous attendance of members anxious to hear the result of the proceeding's of tho board of inquiry into the conduct of con stable Bourke. Tho oecretary reported that the board met on tho ltith April, and ndjoutned in consequence of Bourke ob jecting that the board was illegally appointed. Tho objection was submitted to the law officers of the Crown for their opinion. The board "met again on the 24th ultimo, and' adjourned until further notice, in consequence of the Attorney-General being occupied with his election. The secretary was instructed to write to the chairman of the board and state that tho meeting was dissatisfied at the delay, as it caused great incorivenienob to the witnesses who bad been subpamned to attend. A' motion was made in the Insolvency Court yesterday by Air. Lawes for tho re moval of Alessrs. ltankiri and Spenoe, trus tees in the estate of Fraricis Bell, of Collins- street. Air. Webb' opposed tbo. motion on behalf ' of the trusteos. The ground of the motion was that the trustees had improperly refused to have the in solvent examined with reference to an undue preference to certain creditors.' The respondents affirmed that no reason was givenwlientheoxamination was asked for, but as soon as tho reason was given 'the trustees consented to the examination. Air. Dawes rejoined that the consent was not given until cost had been incurred to remove the trustees," which costs respouderitfl'must pay. The argument was puroly one for costs. Judgment reserved, The ni an who was killed on the Victorian Railway near the Saltwater River on Thurs day was identified yesterday. His name was" James Rankine, and that name is clearly printed, on .the front of the llanuel- shii't he wore, as is. custom qry with tho clothing of inmate's of' the Benevolent Asylum, where the deceased lately was. He had a daughter at' Footscray, and be. left thero to walk into Melbourne on Thursday morning. It is sup posed .that he was crossing or walking along the line,. and, lipipg de?,f, ho did not hear the approach of tho train. Deceased was a laborer, and seventy-three years of age. . Captain Gouriay, of the. barque-. Natal Queen, that has arrived at Hobart Town from Newcastle, reports that on the 30th uR, he observed bush-fires on the soqth-pqst and eastern poin$sof Fjinders Inland. Tliefireson thesoptliregstpnilithAriovidpntly been lighted by perspna desiring to communicate with the ship; bnt owing 'to the heavy north-east swell, and being on a lee shore, Captain Gouriay did not consider it prudent to ap proach the island, otherwise he would have called there and ascertained the cause of the fires. Honesty i? still to be found among owners of iiunmg scrip. The BaUarat S tor states that the following letter was received at:a board meeting of thot-Clarkos Freehold Company on Thursday, 7thinst.: "Ores wick, 4th May; To the directors of Clarke's Free." hold'Company.— Gentlemen,— Beliovingtliat thVNorthem Compsmy b»s benefited from yonjngrbunR-'to the extent, of one shilling per; share (4400), and having one hundred, and seventy-two shares in said company, and believing what they have done not to be richt, I herewith return you eight pouqila twelve shillings. — C.W." The writer's name i| polift W»U"W8i «#d h9 8ave the abo-Ta letter, which contained the money, on Tues day evening to Air. Reunion, ono of the di rectors in Clarke's Company. The height to which -that most useful grass, . the prairie, will grow i's well exem- plibed m a small shoaf forwarded from tho Westernport district a few days eincc, and k may now be seen at the office of Mr. Abraham Lincolne, Kirk's Bazaar. It was grown by Air. Rossiter, of Frankston, and measures no less than eight feet in length. It is the product of seed sown two years since. The Head-quarters Band will play this afternoon, from three to five o'clock, at the Botanical Gardens, tho following selections : —Overture, Sailors Afloat, Suppc ; selection, Domino Noir, Auber; waltz,- Beautiful Danube, Straus ; selection, Nabucco, Verdi; overture, William Tell, Rossini ; selection, Fleur de The, Lecocq; polka, Antelope, Gnng 1. The Victorian Carriage Company have just finished a queen's phaeton, the whole of tho labor on which has been executed by Vic torian taught tradesmen. It possesses a very peculiar feature, fop without destroying the exterior beauty of its appearance it is suffi ciently roomy to carry four adults. Alto gether it is a very creditable sample of tho perfection which, in this branch of labor, nativo industry has attained. Last evening a presentation of a handsome gold chain and- appendages was made to Air. James Banvood, in recognition of his efficient services as honorary secretary of Air. Robt. S.. Iuglis's committeo at the late election for Richmond. The gift was presented by Air. luglis in the name of his committee, and Air. Barwood suitably acknowledged the present. We understand that the chain, with its ap pendages, was specially manufactured by Messrs. Larard nnd Son, of Little Collins- street, and is intrinsically valuable. Two actions arising out of vehicular troubles in tho streets were tried in the County Court yesterday, before his Honor Judge Cope. . W. Eastwood, chaffcutter, of Elizabeth-street, sought £19 damages from J. Gardner, a fanner, of Skeleton Creek, on account of injuries to plaintiff's buggy. Air. Eastwood was driving towards Mel. bourno from Footscray on tho 10th February, and defendant's waggon was on the bridge crossing the Saltwater river. The driver was asleep in the bottom of his waggon, and on waking suddenly caused tho horses to start off and run into plaintiff's buggy. A nonsuit point was raised that no proof had been given that at tho time of tho accident the man who caused tho mishap was engaged in the execution of his master's bnsiness. This his Honor held to ho fatal to tho suit, and directed a nonsuit, with £0 Os. costs. Tho second action was brought by Daul. Caulficld, a cabman, against Francis J . Hilton, grocer, of Bourke- strcct. The damages claimed amounted to £9 for injuries alleged to have been negligently caused to plaintiff's cab on the 4th April last. On that day Caulfield was turning into Gisborne-strect, near the water tank on tho Enstem- lii!l, when tho servant of defendant drove along in a con trary direction, and ranagaiust tlio plaintiff's cab, breaking a shaft, damaging the splash board, and injuring the harness. Plain tiff alleged loss of valuable time during the holidays, nnd tho expenditure of £2 17s. for repairs. His Honor gave the plaintiff a verdict of £4, with £3 9s. costs. At theDistriet Court yesterday, application was' made by Henry Hughes for a warrant to oject Alary Pietriolio from the premises known as the Russell-stTeet Turkish BathB. The facts were that Hughes was the lessee of the premises from Air. Henry Aliller, and some time ago he sub-let them to Airs. Piotrioho, who paid him £300 for tho goodwill. Some dispute has arisen between the parties, and the premises are now Bhut up, nnd as the rent had not been paid, the application was made. Air. Gillott urged, on behalf of Airs. Pietriclie, that at the time she took the premises it was for tho unexpired portion of Hughes' lease, twenty months, and not as a monthly tenant, as alleged. The benoh. took this view of the matter, and dismissed the case. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Afedical Hooietj' of Victoria was held on Wednesday evening last. The president, Air. Macgillivray, announced the death of Air. Stuart, of Sandhurst, a member of the society. Dr. Neild announced the receipt of several presentations to the library, and also exhibited some pharmaceutical prepara tions, amongst which was a sample of chlorodyne having some exceptional recom mendations, manufactured by Air. N. S. Marks, of St. Kilda ; also, from Mr. Hood, a sample of carbazotate of ammonia, the new substitute for quinine. Dr. Blair laid on the table a sample of Lhtonr's glycerate of lucrate of lime, a new and valuable applica tion to burns and other inflamed surfaces of tho skin. Dr. Day showed some lime bis. euita made by Alessrs. Swallow and Ariell, of Sandridge, and read an interesting paper on the comparative value of mineral oils and carbolic acid as disinfectants. Air. Girdle- stone read a short account of a bloodless operation for necrosis of the os femoris. Dr. Rowan recited the history of a case in which pregnancy occnrred after removal of the right ovary. A surgical operation under peculiar condi tions, which tool: place on Thursday night, is reported by the Ballarat Star, A man named Alerritt, employed in the care of horses, was at the Corner Hotel a little before midnight, when a row occurred, and in a scufllo Alerritt was knocked down or kicked, and a com pound fracture of the right leg was the result. He was lifted into a waggonette, and Dr. Nicholson was called out and set tho wounded limb in the street by moonlight and lamplight. The man lay in the vehicle, one policeman held his foot, another police man held the doctor's splints and bandages, another man supported the wounded man's leg by tho knee, and a small group of won dering spectators witnessed' tho operation. Alerritt bore the business manfully, and when tho doctor had finished the patient was taken to Mb own home. The relation between dividends and matri mony is thus referred to by the Grenville Ad vocate:- — "Tuesday witnessed another wed ding of one of the lucky-shareholders of the Eldorado claim. This is the seventh or eighth shareholder married since the com pany has paid its good dividends." AVilliam Renner, aged fifty-seven years, a resident of Lillydale, was admitted to the Alelbourne Hospital very late on Thursday night, suffering from a broken leg. He had incautiously Btepped upon a newly painted plank, and slipped and fell. Sarah Swcot, a child three years old, whose parents reside in Lonsdale-street, was admitted yes terday morning, having fractured her thigh by a fall, whilst playing. At tlio AVilliamstown police court yester day, Andrew Carver, master of the barque Escort, for not providing a proper watch on hoard his vessel on the 5th inst., was fined £5 and 2s. fid. costs. The BaUarat Post states that the railway line to Ararat is already completed as far back as Burrumbcet, the contractors' engine running the full length of the line daily in carrying material for use. Between this and Beaufort tho line is also made with the exception of about three miles, and it is ex pected to have it all completed in about two months or 60. Between Beaufort and Ararat tho work is not so far ahead," bnt extra men have been recently put on to hurry things along. The station at Bsaufort will be the largest in the colony with the excep tion of' those at Alelbourne and Bailors!, the platform being no less than 810 feet long. Air. Perraton's Athenaeum Saturday- even, ing concert, the fourth of the series, will be given this evening. The programme is varied, and attractive. The first part will be sacred, and the organ of tho A then/Bum will bo used; this will be a feature at these concerts. Mr. G. Peake will jircside at the organ, and is announced to play a solo, Silver trumpets. Airs. Perraton, Airs. Slack, Air. D. A. Beau mont, Air. A. Hidden, Air. J. Wilson, and Air. Kennedy are the principal vocalists. A number of choruses, including .The Heavens are Telling and tho Hallelujah, will be sung, and judging from the rehearsal which took place last evening aro likely to be very successful. . The second part will tnko the form of a ballad concert, the some ladies and gentlemen taking parti Air. C. B. Foster will bo . pianist, and will play a fantftsio, Don Pasquale. There will also be .a number of concerted pieces in thia part, The Polytechnic Hall will be opened to night, after having: undergone, a thorough renovation;- for the first of a series of. people's concerts,- under the management of Mr. R. W. Cary, conductor of the Prahran ond Richmond concerts. A large number of ladies and gentlemen, all favorably known to tho -public, l aro to take part. Madame Victorine.Pett, who has been pianiste at the .Temperance E,all, Russell- street, 1 for.' a number of years, will preside at the piano — a concert grand rom Air. Glen's. The season of the Californion Minstrels at St. George's Hall terminates next week. This evening thero will bo a change of pro- gramme, »nd several striking novelties will bo introduced. Emerson and some of the principal members of tlio trrnrpe purposo re turning, to America, but prior to doing so thoy intend to visit Italy. At tho Opera House lust evening thero was an excellent attendance, and the per formance of Scmiramidc was received with great applause. On Alonday I.a Juivewill. bo repeated. Th 0 season will close on Tues day, after which tho company visit Geelong and Sandhurst. The Wandering .Heir was repeated last evening at tbo TheaWo Royal. There was a good audience, and tlie humorous portions of the piece were warml y applauded. It will be withdrawn after thi's evening. On Alon- day night an American version of Oliver Twist will be produced, Miss Howard taking the part of Nancy Sykes,- and Air. Dampier that of Fagin the Jew. The Rev. J, (. Stobbs will , preach to-morrow, morning and evening, at tbo Tomperanco Hall, Russell- street. 1 Tho Presbyterian bazaar at the Town Hall closes this ovening. A grand concert is adver tised. Air. Sargood will address tho electors of the Central Province at tho Brickmakers' Arms Hotel, Simpson's road., this evening. Air. Webb will addiess tho electors at Cherry's Assembly Hall, St. 1 Kilda, to-night, at eight 0 clock. \ Air. Tyerman annou nces that ho will give a vindication of Air. Foster and spiritualism in St. George's Hall, instead: of the Polytechnic, the usual placo of meeting, to-morrow. A good programme has been provided for tho patrons oftbo Total Abstinence Society's weekly people's concerts, which tako place this evening, in the Temperance I fab, Russoll-str-eet. The Rev. W. Hcndeis on, Presbyterian Alinister, of Ballarat will preach in St. Stephen's Episcopal Church, to-morrow ejfteraoon, in aid of the Church of England and Presbyterian Pastoral Aid Society of Victoria. The twenty-first anttiversary services of tlio Oxford-street Congregational Church will bo ce lebrated on Sunday, tlio 17tli May, and. on the Tuesday following, the 19th Alay, a tea and pub lic meeting will beheld :in the church. At a meeting of the brethren assembled an the Masonic Hall, Lonsdale- street, on last Wednesday ovening, Professor Hughes was unanimously olccted Worshipful Alastor of Washington Lodge for the ensuing term oi' .office. We havo been rcquc sfced to slato that Ah. .T. C. Hughes, who for many years was in business as confectioner and cat jver in Collins-street, lias taken jko premises kn own as tlioCafe de Pomona, and will at once comnncncc business there. Air. Hughes's repute in p ast voavs will serve him in good stead in his frost i start. 