The yeai: of 1875 wiil be long retnbinbereJ for its, continued drought. duriiig. the. summer months and..disastr6us. bush iiiW. . .The prof vincial press teems, with -the accounts of losses sustained by settlers, wood- splitters and others who inha,bit:the interior Of the country. The colony hte contributed freely, and liberally to the Indian Famine and .Crimea War Iteiief-Fund aiicl shoiild not be slow to see the misery of wrecked . hopes, aid blighted prospects whi lie;within itself. Such, how- ever, is the peciilifit formation of the human mind that that which iS present makes less OSfect than, that which is distant, whether it be pleasant or painful. In the one instance imagination -has less play than in the other. 'We subscribe <with alacrity t6 attempt the but begfiide tiie OOmpaiAtiyely ,fe\v pence needed . td civilise the mass, of : savagedom, which blots "the civili sation in \vhioh rve live. It is katisfabtory :to seS' that the prCsbht occasion, when the smouldering ruins of. the, homesteads, of our neiglibouPs— rthe voices . of those whom we should regard as . our i fathers and mothers) and sisters and brothefs-appeal ' to the mass of the;people'and hot m vairi.' A inpyeinehl has been initiated ih itelboiuiie for the reliei of the bush-fire- sufferers; and well it: is that it should be initiated there. Melbourne is the sea to which all the country rivers of wealth flow. The country, as it is called, is the garden from which the bees of die metro polis gather their honey, and the drones much of their plunder. It is natural, and there- fore fitting, that those who profit by the liivek of industiy; in the interior of the country should endekvour to recuperate the euergies and means of those up6n whom they almost entirely depend for all things. There is ah advantage,' t6, in the moveihentbdihg initiated in Melbourne which cannot bo overlooked. It stamps it with the impress of nationality, and will carise the donations to the bush-fire relief fund to flow intb'One exchequer and be dealt with, more impartially than if the money rv as: dispensed .'from an lip-ooimtry committee. On every, -ground, therefore, it was- desirable that a. bush-fire relief fund — if there was to Bel one at all— should' be inau gurated in Melbourne. The Argiis makes a suggestion in its isSue of Saturday that can not too soon be put into action. 'With regard to the matter immediately under' con sideration,' Mr James Seryiee,' ;M.L.A;, has promised to start a subscription by a dOhatioh of Ll OO, and there is no doubt that there are many others amongst the - rich- mBrbhahts of Melbourne who would follow' with' equally generous gifts, if they were afforded data upon which to form something like an adeqnate ap prehension of the -necessities of the Case. In order that this may be done tiie Tocal bodies, borough and shu-e councils, must at oucb bestir themselves and collect explicit and defiiute iffformation r'elative tb the jbsses ih theii- particulai' distncte. To say that one man has been buriied out, that another has lost his fencing, a third his stacks, and a fourth his crops, is really to affotcl no informa tion at all. "What is wanted is precise intel ligence about all these people, the families dependent upbn them, the .extent 'of' their losshs, fend their ability" t6 bear them. Wheh this information is collected, the people of Melboiu-no will be able ' to. . form": something approaching a correct idba of the extent of the calamity .which: has bc'cuiTed; and the claims ivhich .the sufferers"; have ' upon their liberality. v . tjntil- this: is : done, notliing like fen effective feppeal can lie made. : A few five or one pound notes may be draggfed from the dockets of thbsfe rVho Avill give sonibthinir merely, because they are asked ) but these fives, would-be turned into fifties or hundreds, and the ones, into tens, if the donors were satisfied that, the larr .suins were really rel qiui'ed.: 'It ma. perhaps be said that there is impressing necessity for immediate assistaneej fend 'that there is no time to procure the in formation specified, . but siif ely : local charity shbrild .be quite sufficient to Supply the im mediate wkrits of the sufferers, : and tliere ought to be no difficulty in collecting within a very few days all the particulars necessary to make out a good case. It will be a source of pride to our neighbours of-Maldon that thb prop'osed subscription is generously en couraged by its member, the Treasui'jr of the colony. But unless this district sub scribes, and that too, a fair amount to tlib fund, tti.be ' iiiiked, 'those wlio hiiifo suffered here wili foel a diffidence in representing their claims for consideration. We do not think it is advisable to call a public mfeeting hefe to pass resolutions, but there miy bb taken sorqe stops to co- operate with the me- tl'opolifoii coiiimittee when it is properly qrgahissd, for as yet fop mbvCmbnt ,in Mel bourne is only in process of development. "It cahiiot be iinfegined thathfr Sepvicp i will be left alone in his glory as g, pfotfofeli symbathiser jrVitli the 60i- pebplb rVhb haVe bebfi bifoiied' biit, fehcl to. afford : a prdpor pp- pbiduiiity for btheto fo jpin iti the Charitable entei'prise there must be fen organised plan of operations." When these have been, prepared by those ' wh8 have shown a disposition to take the business ih' hknd no d6ubt ; Castle- miaine— depressed as is its .state„of .trade— 'wiU'cphtfibute according to its means. The example set by Mr Servico, who, as the Par-; liainentfery representative Of the Maldoh electoral district repredentfe aliO many of thei' borough ratepayers, will not be without ito due eftect, and we hope that his generosity is an earnest of that generosity which will be displayed throughout the length and breadth of the colony. 