Our Melbourne Letter. MELBOURNE, February 16. IN my last letter I told yon that it was very hot. In this one I have the honour to inform you that it is very wet. The weather in Melbourn is like the young lady of the nursery ballad, who When she was good Bh'e was wonderfully good, And when she was bad she was horrid. After a fortnight of bush-fires, hot winds, and general misery, we were visited with a complete change—a change so complete that many per sons have been prostrated by it On Thursday and Monday last occurred two terrible thunder storms. The mornings of both days were hot and oppressive, but towards afternoon tremen dous storms burst In Elizabeth-street the water was a foot deep in tbe shops. From dry and blistered channels, the gutters were converted into raging streams. Street-trucks were swept away. A boy of 15, while endeavouring to cross Lonsdale-street, was carried away by the torrent, and jammed under a footbridge. A young man attempting to assist him, was also swept off his feet, and both were nearly drowned. The lad was taken* to the hospital. The damage done to house property was great Slates have been taken off, and tiles torn - away. The shops beneath the higher levels were banked with mud, and all foot traffic interrupted for three hours and a half. A friend of mine—a very intimate friend—who on hot days affects a I suit of drill, and goes " clad in white samite, I mystic, wonderful," went home that morning [ looking like Gibson's Tinted Venus. He com ! plains that people who eyed his transparent \ raiment persisted in saying that "This is a I glorious climate !" He further said that it was ! very gratifying to hear that the superintendence | of the Yan Yean water supply had been finally ' placed in the hands of Mr. Gordon, the Chief Engineer. The principal topics of conversation in public and private circlesduringthe last twenty-onedays have been the trial of O'Ferrall, and the Board of Enquiry upon Sergeant Empson. You are ! already in possession of the particulars of j O'Ferrall's frauds. He was a clerk in ; the Lands Office, and embezzled moneys 1 which he should have paid to the Government | This is the brief statement of his wrong-doing. His crime differs from that of the robber of the I till only in magnitude. Indeed his escape and | the strange carelessness which induced it are the ! only incidents in his life which may be thought Jto lift him above the common herd. I need not recapitulate his New Caledonian adventures. He arrived in Melbourne a worn, haggard, and dirty person; was placed in the dock at the City Police Court, and at once remanded, hail being refused. He pleaded not guilty, and has secured Mr. Ireland for his defence. It is a matter of common knowledge that O'Ferrall's friends have money, and that no expense is to be spared for him. Mr. Ireland's fees are pro | phetically spoken of as large. Indeed, i the fact of his seeking permission to : defend O'Ferrall shows that some con siderable inducement has bean offered him. Mr. Ireland has a silk gown, and Queen's counsel sre not allowed to defend prisoners prosecuted by the Crown unless by special permission. Moreover, Mr. Ireland had been retained by the Crown, but threw up his brief. The *^»"t{i»*r»n at the Police Court has hitherto shown nothing but the lax and unbnsiness habits of the Lands Office. It iB quite probable that Mr. Ireland will raise such a cloud about the business, that O'Ferrall will escape in the midst of it The public here do not really care to punish crimi nals. They regard a criminal trial principally as a battle of wits, and would applaud Mr. Ireland to the echo if he brought off O'Ferrall, as he did Mount and Morris, or Weechurch. The defalca tions amount to £16,000. What the mischief these men do with their stolen money hasalways puzzled me. The case of Sergeant Empson is more com plicated. It is a question of volunteer law as against military law, and I am inclined to think that Sergeant Empson will have the best of it. You will remember perhaps that a Colonel La- Marchand raised disturbance by appointing a friend of his-^-a non-a>mmissioned officer, Ser geant Foote —to be bis 6iibaltern staff officer. The other senior non-commissioned officers felt aggrieved at this, and improperly memorialised. This improper memorial—it was a round robin in fact—called forth a very proper wigging from the commanding officer, and the volunteers signing were desired to withdraw their memorial. Unluckily a Major Stokes, of volunteer artillery, had been weak enough to for ward it The offenders refused. Sergeant Empson was the head and front of the refusers, and he has been accordingly ordered into arrest His trial by court-martial is now going on, and is one of the greatest farces ever played. Mr. Empson is defended by a . solicitor, and puts impertinent questions to his' judges, who, for their part, " override" every thing which common sense demands should not be overruled. This is the sort of thing which goes on :— The President—Gill your witnesses. Sergeant Kmpson.—l call Colonel Anderson. . The President— 1 hope, Sergeant Empson, in the con duct of your defence that you will not transgress the rule* of military order. Sergeant Knipaon. —I hope that 1 have been respectful in my manner throughout tbe whole course of this en quiry, and tliat I have said nothing to lead the Court to infer that I should in any way transgress. Tlie President: lamin no way referring to what has passed, and am merely *]ieaking as a caution to you. Colonel Anderson then entered tlie court, and*took the usual declaration. Sergeant Empson : Tk> you produce your commission as a field-officer of Her Majesty's Regular Forces? The President: That is a qnestion which 1 think should not be asked. It lias no bearing on the present case. Sergeant Empson : I wish you to take a note of it Were you ever a field-officer in Her Majesty's regular forces The President hereupon interferes, and the gallant Colonel affects equanimity. The imp who should have been put to this purgation : is Major Stokes, but the fact is that Colonel > Anderson is in no way fit for the position he holds. He has had no experience of active service ; indeed, he either exchanged or sold out ; when his regiment was ordered to the Crimea, t and his military capacity is of the nmftll«it, i Those who have heard him, as " officer com ■ manding," apologise to his men for giving them ■ wrong orders, or heard his adjutant correct ; orders which bis chief lent him, and which would have clubbed the company, have not a high opinion of Captain Anderson's (v. Colonel) talents. Major Pitt was worth a dozen of him, and it is a matter for general regret that the coetly folly of Victorian volunteering should have become more foolish by j falling into such hands. The force is discon- j tented and dkgusted. Its officers are such meu j as Sargood, a boot importer, and its "Com niander-in-Chief," a man who—well, to put it mildly, has a very pretty taste in uniforms and feathers. The Rev. Andrew Robertson, he who so stoutly resisted the infuriate demands oi the Moderator at the last Assembly squabble, is dead, and it is admitted that the disgraceful I scene in which he was " summoned to be re buked," has much to do with hastening his death. All his enemies—even the Rev. Dr. Cameron —at- tended his funeral, and some very affectingsermons were preached over the grave of the man whom clerical intolerance helped to kill. In connec tion with the Presbyterian Church, I may men tion the inauguration of the Ladies' College, which wa3 held on the 11th instant, in St. George's Hall, the Moderator of the Presbyterian Assembly being in the chair. A variety of silly ■speeches were made, the least silly of which was that of Professor Pearson, the head-master, ' who thought it possible to educate women to at least the level of his hearers. He said, aud said very truly, " Excess in study is not more dangerous than excess in dissipation or novel reading, or other fashionable idleness." But he admitted'that the danger of " forcing the female brain" is greater than that of forcing the male brain, and recommended that the examinations of girls should never be for more than a day at a time. He thought that women had now more time for intellectual work than they had, and could go through a fair amount without real danger to their health, while their household duties made it impossible for most of them to study any single department of knowledge thoroughly. He did not hold out any great hopes of creating Barrett Brownings or George Kliots, but he gave his audience to understand that the next generation of youug women would be vastly superior to the mothers of the present one. It is possible that it is good for girls to understand Petronius Arbiter, to cultivate the sixth satire of Juvenal, and appreciate the humor of Horace. It is quite likely that a young virgin who comprehends all the classical allusions of Swinburne, and can rejoice in Gibbons' notes upon the Empress Theodora and her geese, may make a pleasant companion for a scholar of original tastes. For my part, however, I am very thankful that a decent young woman was good enough to marry me before education became fashionable. The interest taken in Victoria will doubtless be augmented by the exhibition of the new map compiled under the direction of the Minister of Land?. This map is to be completed in time for issue in March, and will show at a glance Che alienation and occupation of the land throughout the colony, up to the Ist September, 1874\. According to this map nearly one-half of Victoria to the east of a line drawn from Phillip Island, and proceeding due north, is still in the hands of the Crown. While on the subject of land and the Lands Office, let me note that Dr. Dobson has success fully opposed the occupation of the notable Brandy Creek selection, which was thrown open by direction of the irate Casey. A batcher— one John Peters—tried to get it, but thejearned doctor appeared hinn««lf to object to the appli cation, and stated his case as follows :—He hod applied, believing that the residence clause would not be enforced ; his application was re commended, and he had expended £120 in cut ting scrub, etc., and clearing 100 acres, and had paid £15 survey fees. He had several times urged his application at the Lands Office without any definite reply, and he maintained that on the recommendation of the local land board the issue of his license should have followed as a matter of course. He stated that he had re ceived no notice to 'occupy, and in ignorance of any objection to the ■ granting of his license, he bad prosecuted his improvements on the land until he had expended the amount stated. Dr. Dobson also maintained that the residence clause might, and in fact must, be waived in many cases. He had pre viously applied to have this land sold by auction with the improvements, but this application he now formally withdrew, and asked that if the present or any other application for selec tion were recommended, it should be on con dition that he (Dr. Dobson) should receive a valuation for his improvements. After hearing Dr. Dobson, the Board decided to recommend that Peters, the present applicant, should be allowed to select the land in question on paying £121 10s. for improvements. The applicant, however, refused to do so, and hu appli cation was consequently withdrawn. This means a good deal more than that Dr. Dobson has achieved a triumph over the Minister. It seems that the Board have recognised that tome pro mise was made to an applicant for land that he need not wholly comply with the Act There n likely to be more heard of the business when the House meets. Amusements are dull just now. Signora Pal mien had. had a feeble concert and departed. The Pantomimes are over, and Petit Fautt reigns at the Opera House. I daresay that played by Parisian actors Petit Fautt would be amusing. I read the plot, and carefully resolved to keep away while the thing runs. A man who would write Petit Fautt—in which Marguerite is made the belle of Maigate, and Mephisto is played by a woman—ought to be sung to death by a mid* die-aged temori, and buried in a barrel organ. At the Royal, a clever nhOd named Miss Towers has been performing in an abominably bad melodrama known as "The Waif of the Streets." And the people Ukt it lam afraid we shall have no more actors when this genera tion dies. Some fun between Mr. Coppin and his part ners, the Royal management Mr. Coppin has made himself notorious -by his connection with a business ostensibly charitable, and which is called the Dramatic and Musical Association. Of this he and all hjs family, Master George Selth Coppin, MissGeorginaSelth Coppin, tc, are members. Whenever an actor arrives from foreign parts, he is bailed up by the artful Coppin for a donation, and the managers are requested to give their theatres up for the glorification of the Coppinian scheme. The height of enterprise was reached when, at the benefits of Miss Carey and of Miss Sheppard, George announced gravely from the stage that the talented betuficiarit* had requested that a portion of their shares of that night's receipts might go to the purchasing of Life Governor ships in the Dramatic and Musical Association ? I have no doubt but that the young ladies could have spent the money far more profitably, and with much great pleasure to them selves in fifty other ways. But they were relieved by Coppin. Now the manage ment of the Royal have very properly made a stand against this nonsense, and in con sequence Mr. Coppin, at the next meeting of the society, denounced his partners for meanness and aftlfiwlinjwm- They called another meeting, and the air was for a week full of theatrical recrimination. The profoundest joke was that the members of the society, in passing resolu tions, delightfully stultified themselves. They first agreed that Mr. Coppin was quite right in his remarks, and then that Messrs. Harwood and Co. were quite right in their defence. I suppose the unfortunate people were afraid of offending either of the contending parties. Mr. William son has marked his disapprobation of the v stand and deliver" system, by giving nothing to the association, and sending his cheque for £50 to tLe Aryitt, with a request that that jour nal would apportion the same as its editor might think fit The Southland Naot states that a portion of the photographic staff of the American Transit Expedition have received telegraphic instruc tions from head- quarters to return home rid Sun Francisco, instead of per Swatara, and, prior to their departure, to make the tour of New Zea land, for the purpose of taking views of its characteristic features and such objects of in terest as might serve to convey an accurate idea of the colony. In Rose, Tasmania, a prisoner named Kil patrick succeeded in escaping from the watch house, but was followed by a sub-inspector on horseback. Noticing that his pursuer was mounted, the prisoner crossed a fence and got into a wattle scrub, into which the rider cou'd not penetrate. Sub-inspector Fagan thereupon dismounted, tied up his horse, and went into the scrub. Kilpatrick then doubled back, untied the hone, jumped on his back, waved an adieu, and was soon out of sight. 