THE WEATHER. The recent terrible visitation which sent fire over so large a portion of the colony has been followed by very unsettled weather. Tempests-of.-wind have.been? .about, and have done damage in Victoria as well as in . Queensland. Tha-Qippeland . papers report that on Sunday last gales blew'th'eVe hath such 1 violence that roofs were blown off, windows smashed in, buildings and treesjblownjdownjrthejake waters reduced several feet in level, and one or two vessels, left high and dry. On Wednesday..Baljaiat .tyas.. visited. by„a regular brictfieldcr.‘ ’Fiefee"gales J 'blew from the north and covered the city with dust, the heat .being great too. Several small casualties are' reported in the: shape of windfalls not of,the pleasant sort, but nothing serious has come to our knowledge. At noon the wind began to shift westward,and thehea'vebs were overcast withdenae masses of nun clouds and clouds of smoke drifted by ‘the change of .windirombush fires.. The sky.had.a peculiar' and 'the ‘da’fhhess was' so" great that the gas had to be lighted in, some of the banks and houses of husiness. It^'waaj l in-fact,' 'a twilight so dim that reading of writing was difficult in many houses,-amP-wehear that : fr6m : B6me of the State schools the children were sent home, as the ordinary work .of reading and, writing-cpuld apt Fowls and otherdomesticated. birds collected about their roosting places,’’and the general 'efieot was'that' of an eclipse. Some showers fell, andas the wind veered more westward and southward a strong and steady fain set in, which will no doubt cheer the hearts of thousands.'; It: setlin about 4: pirn., and as we wrife£ 9.30 p.m., the rain is .pouring down in even increased volume. Our exchanges speak of bushfire's still .raging anterior to the rainfall/ but if may he expected that the heavy downpourwill'.put’but most, if not all, the fires. .i. '.i. •„ Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:—“The people here.have passed.through, a .fiery ordeal during the last forty-eight hours, the like of: •which,has not been witnessed before in'this town. The whole sur rounding country, which is covered with a dense undergrowth,'liiis been in one mass of flamesi The first* and worst firer commenced opposite the Bull inn, on the Ballarat road, on Tuesday morning, and before evening it had travelled . as far as< the eastern outskirts of the town, and was seen to be fast ap proaching some 1 houses' and paddocks on the Boss’ Creek road.• The fife bell was then tolled, and-tlie brigade, police, and a number of people immediately started for the spot, for the purpose,' if pos sible, of saving the property there. After almost incredible exertions, they succeeded in turning the fire from the paddocks of Dr-. Jordan and Mrs Welsh, a widow, although it was at first feared that from the fierceness of the flames, anil the strong gale of wind which was blowing, that it would be im possible to save the poor woman from' being' burned out of house and home. Sergeant Wigmore and a number of the townspeople and fire brigade stopped at the place the whole night in case the fire should again break out, as Mrs Welsh has’a family of young children, and there is no male person living.,on the premises, Constables O’Shaughnessy and Griffin Watch ing daring the time at other places /where the fire might do any injury. •’> On Wednesday, about noon, the wind, which had been: blowing’for some days without intermission from the north, veered round a little to the west, and shortly, afterwards the whole heavens were covered with leaden colored clouds, mingled with dense volumes of smoke, on which the fires cast a sullen lurid glare, and only made the dark ness the more visible. The roar' of the wind and flames also gave a.grandeur to.the. scene which few who witnessed it will soon forget, and brought to the mind of many an old mariner here, ‘ the hurricane eclipse of the sun.’ So great was the darkness that the banks and offices and most of • the shops had to be lit up for about an hour, and the children of the State school. sent homo. At the Half-way House, on the Carngham road, it took the united efforts of about twenty men to preserve the buildings and paddocks from destruction. The wind (now three o’clock) is, I am glad to say, blowing from the south, and the long prayed for rain commencing to fall.” 