EPITOME OF mm egr We compile lite following from the various jour nals to hand:— At Toowoomba, a few days ago, Mr. Graham was thrown from a spring cart, and sustained very serious injuries on tlie head.—Shortly afterwards Mr. Stevens, ! of the sauie firm, was driving the same vehicle, when it upset, and Mr. S. 's left arm was broken, above the elbow. j A contemporary says :—A document was recently sent to the office of the Mel bourne telegraph department, which re quired the ages of all operators to be re turned. The men filled it up straight off, but, when it was sent to the ladies' branch, it was coolly ignored ; and, when re minded of its existence, the ladies re turned it with a firm but respectful re fusal to give the information sought for. The following strange advertisement appears in the ' Mount Alexander Mail' : —" Mining Ventures. You will bear with Somebody for takiug the liberty once more of inviting all who have courage, love, hope, and consciousness, with which they are endowed by their Creator, to join in the North Sebastopol Q.M. Prospecting Com pany. —Somebody. " A cor. of the ' Geelong Times' writes : —In the course of a tour made recently around a greater portion of the "Western margin of Lake Colae, the visitors had ample evidence of the fact that the waters of the lake contain fish. Some have openly expressed an opinion that it did not, so that I feel glad at being in a posi tion to say that I was one amongst many witnesses of the presence of at least three varieties, the dead bodies of which are still visible on the leeward side of the di rection taken by the late violent winds from North- Westward by North. The * Toowooinba Chronicle' says :— Considerable sympathy is felt for Mr. Dempsey, of Meringandan, through whose farm it is proposed to take a new road two chains wide. The new road divides the i farm, and goes through the orchard aud | garden, which lias been planted with fruit j trees. It is alleged that a slight detour ! of the present road would render the mu tilation of Mr. Dempsey's farm unneces- j sary, and that Mr. Weale has reported accordingly to the Works Department, but that, in spite of remonstrance and j report, the road is to be taken through j the farm. As a last resource the neigh- j bours held a meeting at Mr. Dempsey's ■ on Saturday evening last, with a view, if possible, of influencing the action of the ! Government. Mr. W. Gillies occupied ! the chair, and Mr. R. P. Grant acted as | Secretary. The chairman invited all pre- j sent to express their opinions on the sub ject which had brought them together, i The meeting was unanimous in the ex- ! pression that the road through Mr. Demp sey's farm was perfectly unnecessary, and j that it would be an act of cruelty for the Government to persist in their attempt to carry a road through it, as it would be al most ruin to Mr. Dempsey, and render his selection all but valueless. By taking the road around the farm in place of through it, it was pointed out that it would make no difference in cost to the Government, as the ground outside the fence was hard and Arm, and free from gullies, creeks, aud ridges. Mr. Trous dale said he had travelled this road from Meringandan to Gowrie with a heavily laden dray, in all weathers, and he found the road on the lower side of Dempsey's selection by far the best to travel on. It was proposed by Mr. M'Lardy, and se conded by Mr. J. Hanley :—" That the road around Dempsey's selection, as sur veyed by Mr. Weale, be retained, being a better one than the one proposed through the selection." The motion was carried unanimously. It was proposed by Mr. Storey, seconded by Mr. Webber, and carried without dissent:—" That by adopting the foregoing resolution the Department of Works will not incur any additional expense whatever, as the pre sent road is level, and free from creeks, gullies, and timber." Mr. J. Lane pro posed, and Mr. Hanley seconded:—"That copies of the foregoing resolutions be for warded to the Governor-in-Conncil and to the Hon. H. E. King." The motion was put and carried. Mr. R. P. Grant pro posed, and Mr. Trousdale seconded :— " That copies of the resolutions be for warded to each of the Toowoomba papers." A vote of thanks to the Chairman con cluded the proceedings, Quiz, of the ' Bathurst Times,' writes : —What extraordinary capabilities some of our natives possess 111 the way of a knowledge of the animal creation ! Take a stalwart son of Australia into the bush, and he will point you out a kangaroo a mile off. He can " spot" a native dog in the darkest night at three or four hundred yards, and can show you a mob of cattle at most extraordinary distances. He is, however, somewhat backward when he comes across a member of the brute _ crea tion hailing from another clime. The lion, for instance, is comparatively un known to him, and he has very limited ideas as to the bear, the tiger, and the elephant. One of the sons of the soil visited " Wallace" a day or so since, and was evidently struck dumb with astonish ment ; in fact, he was amazed. He gave vent to his feelings of admiration as fol lows :—" My word, he's a stunning cove that, but they've spoilt him ; why did they crop him The poor fellow had evidently seen some cropped poodle in his time, and was " bamboozled" accord frgly The ' Pastoral Times' says :—The free dom and ease of the poor aboriginal of Australia is well-known to those who re side in the interior. When blacks come about a station or townghip they are at ease, and call their white friends, no mat ter how high their social standing, by their surnames, and never use the word " Mr." They think themselves, or seem to by their acts, on a par with the whites. But they will have nothing to do with the Chinamen, whom the blacks despise and look down upon. The other evening, at Cobran station, there was a lecture and concert given. There were about 150 men present, including shearers, washers, draymen, Chinese cooks, and blacks. After the majority had got standing room, two blacks went and took their stand before some Chinamen, disturbing their view of the performance, so one of the Chinamen expostulated with one of the aboriginals. The blacks stood their ground, and think ing, like whites, that they must draw the line somewhere, said, "Bale you white fellow, blackfellow better than Chinaman —what for you pigtail fellows sit down here ?" The poor snubbed Chinese stood meekly the assertion of the black's supe riority. A few years since a destitute de mented Chinaman drifted into a black's camp on the Murray, where he was made the general slave of the tribe. One of the blacks asked if he was fattening up John for a meal. The former replied, "Bale, bale, (no, no); by and bye he (Chinaman) all the same as blackfellow" (meaning that the Celestial would, if he behaved him self, be promoted to all the rights and privileges enjoyed by the blacks). The j end of John was, however, never known. The 4 Dalby Herald' saysThe follow- j ing instance of good and careful droving is, we believe, unparalleled in the history of this or any of the colonies; and, but that the facts can be proved by the most reliable testimony, would appear incre dible. On the 24th of December last, Mr. Charles E. Glissan took charge of a mob of mixed cattle, the property of Messrs. G. G. Cory and Co., of Cecil Plains, to deliver at Total, on the Thomp son River. The herd numbered eleven hundred and eighteen when Mr. Glissan left Cecil Plains, and, after travelling more than 700 miles through much un known country, eleven hundred and eigh teen were delivered at the station by Mr. Glissan. The journey occupied 15 weeks, during two of which the progress was stayed through floods, but not one animal was lost, either through accident or dis ease. Mr. Glissan killed five of the herd for rations on the way, but five cows calved, restoring the number; and the calves, being carefully carried on the drays, were preserved. The ' Wallaroo Times' says :—The farmers near Stansbury and Edithburgli deserve some assistance, on the ground that they who help themselves deserve also to be helped. About eighty of them assembled, and cut a roadway twelve feet wide through the steep barrier lining the shore at Pickering. From this place it is proposed to ship wheat, and it is said that there are nine feet of water within 100 yards of the sea shore. The ' Age' says :—A sad case of suicide is reported to have occurred at Williams town last evening, Mi*. J. Tate, auc tioneer and commission agent, having ter minated his existence by taking a large dose of prussic acid. The deceased was found lying on the bed in his house, be tween 6 and 7 o'clock in the evening, evi dently in pain, and a chemist in the neighbourhood was sent for. On his ar rival, a bottle labelled " prussic acid" was found empty on the floor near the bed. Dr. Goldie's attendance was immediately secured, but before he reached the house the case had gone beyond medical skill. The deceased expired within 20 minutes of his discovery, and he could have only taken the poison a few moments pre viously to that. He leaveB a widow and four children. The ' Pleasant Greek News' says :—A resident at Stawell was a good deal sur prised at unexpectedly striking gold while engaged in the consumption of his dinner a few days since. While disposing of some very good sausages his teeth encoun tered something hard. Hastily taking it from his moutli he found it to be a piece of quartz, and a closer inspection showed gold plainly. How the little specimens got into the chopping machine is a mys tery, and although the finder at once went and purchased the entire stock of sausages—causing quite a rise in the price of that article—he has found no more. The 'S. A. Register' says -.—The neigh bourhood of Wentworth was visited with a somewhat severe thunderstorm on Sa turday, October 9th, during which a shearer on the Hon. John Crozier s Kul mine station, about twenty miles below Wentworth, had a narrow escape from a fatal lightning stroke. It appears that during the storm the man had retired to an outbuilding a short distance from the shearing shed, and whilst there a corner post was struck by the electric current. The man was found lying on the ground in an insensible condition. It was sug gested that a needle in the sufferer's hat may have attracted the lightning; for upon examination, it was found to be bent up and a hole burnt in the hat round the spot where the needle was. The man's hair was also singed. The light ning seemed to have glanced down his back and right leg, leaving an unmistak able track. It also scorched the heel of the boot in a remarkable way. After a few minutes the man's consciousness re turned, but he described his side and leg as feeling as if he had received a paralytic stroke. For some days he was unable to return to his work. Altogether the occurrence was a most singular one. An instance of ignition through the ef fect of the sun's rays, has been reported to the ' Rockliampton Bulletin.' Mr. Gougb, the painter, and Mr. T. Bevis were employed in giving a new dress to the Golden Age Hotel, when a piece of mus lin, which lay exposed to the sun on some stucco work, suddenly caught fire, and was with difficulty extinguished before it was entirely consumed. Both men tes tify that there were no matches or fire near the muslin at the time, but it had been partly steeped in oil and turpentine, and thus acquired its combustible ten dency. Mr. Gough and his assistant both testify to the fact of the cloth burning, and urge that it illustrates the effect^ of the sun's intense heat here in destroying newly applied paint. The ' Tamworth News' says We alluded, in Tuesday's issue, to a sharp storm which passed over the town on Sun day afternoon, in parts of its scope accom panied by a heavy storm of haiL At Bowling Alley Point and Goonoo Goonoo the hail-storm seems to have been very violent, especially near the latter place ; indeed, for hundreds of miles North and South of Tamworth hail appears to have caused much damage on the same day. Tarpaulins covering drays were riddled like a cullender, and in one instance a hole was punched in a sheet of iron cover ing a shed. The hail-stones—masses of ice about the dimensions of an ordinary hen-egg—did much damage to fruit trees and vinesl A young man, who had taken shelter under a humpy, holding his horse by the reins the while, had one hand just outside the hut, and was stuck so severely on the fingers that he fairly howled with pain. A good deal of poultry and seve ral sheep were killed.—We hear that two men have been arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the recent murder of Henry Backhouse, at Bando ; but these bare facts is all the information that is at present obtainable.—On Wednesday morn ing last, Mr. Bevage's Town and Country Hotel narrowly escaped destruction by fire. By some means unexplained some shavings, and other wood debris under the back verandah, ignited, and shortly after volumes of smoke were observed by Mr. Lumley, a neighbouring publican, to be issuing through the verandah flooring. He at once gave the alarm, when the flooring was torn up, and a few buckets of water speedily extinguished all chance of danger. It is fortunate that, dur ing the present dry weather when all timber is in the condition of tinder, the fire was not initiated late at night, in which case complete destruction of the building would have been inevitable. —The following somewhat remarkable letter was received last Wednesday by the proprietors of this journal :—" Tam worth, Novomber 2nd, '75. Messrs. Gosling and Smart—I placed myself on your books for advertising, &c.;, on the I 11th Sept., and up to the end of Oct. will make it 19 days and one month. Mr. B., of Peel-street, will pay you the money. After what appeared in your paper of the 1 29th of October—Barbers and their Cus- I toraers— I dare not go into your office. I am, alas! too full of vice, disgusting, &c.; (remarksthe ' Echo') Oh! the 'Echo.' God help us.—F. A. Fkastcis.—Take me out of your books and out of your paper." —Mr. P. J- Coglilan reports having sold, at Attunga Station, on Wednesday last, by order of A. Rodgers, Esq., 83 head of fat cattle, which realised £630 Cs. Bul locks ranged from £8 17s. Cd. to £G 18s. ; cows sold at £6 lis. ; average, £7 12s.— Besides the lecture noticed in Tuesday's issue, the Rev. C. Clark delivered one on the Tower of Loudon, and a third (entirely new) on Dickens. Each discourse was characterised by the highest eloquence, deep research, and a just estimate of the genius of Dickens, and of the characters alluded to in the historical sketch of the Tower of London. Its Moree cor. writes :—Rain is very badly needed, indeed ; grass seems to be perishing from inanition.—The Gwydir Pastoral Society have decided on holding their show here on Wednesday, March 15th next.—Of accidents we have had three—all caused by horses. The first happened to a lad named Ambrose Cashin, who was leisurely running up borses, when lus horse tripped, fell, and rolled heavily over on him, causing severe injuries in the region of his heart and lungs, which ter minated fatally on the following Monday. On Thursday last a man named Judd, a selector here, was badly kicked by a liorse. While with a friend, Mr. Judd, hearing a slight rustling accompanied by a hissing noise, glanced in front of liim, and espied a monster snake about two feet in front of him, with head erected and fangs pro truding. To make a sudden leap back ward was the work of a moment, but unfortunately in his hurry he came into too close proximity to his friend's horse. The animal lashed out, bringing its heels against the upper part of the arm and shoulder of the unfortunate young man. On the day following Mr. Jones, a rela tive of Mr. David Carver of this town ship, came in for a very nasty spill, and thankful must he be indeed that lie es caped with life itself. He was harnessing up a team of horses—many of them colts —i.e. he had the blinkers on them, when they became slightly refractory; and started away from the dray to which he wished to attach them. Having a saddle liorse at hand he mouuted and started more particularly to fetch back the leading one—a young powerfully built colt, recently broken. He got up alongside it, thinking quite correctly that he would tnrn round on hearing him. Unfortunately instead of turning in the opposite direction to the horseman he faced directly towards liim, and endea voured to jump overthe back of the mare the unfortunate man was riding. The upshot of it was' that the man and horse were knocked yards > away, the saddle horse lost its equilibrium and fell on its side, almost crushing its rider's leg by the force of the fall. The ' Mercury' says :—It is stated that by the hailstorm of Sunday, two wine growers at Qinton—Mr. Montague Smith, and Mr. Armbrnster—have sustained a loss of about £200 each, so great has been the destruction amongst the grape-vines, both table and wine. The vineyards of Mr. Stubbs and Mr. Quinu, in the same locality, seem to have escaped with but little damage. The potato crop on Phoenix Park received a severe cutting up. What hopes of any return were left after the hailstorm, were dispelled by the heat of Tuesday, which is reported to have almost burned up the dilapidated stalks, and a total failure is talked of. The barley in the neighbourhood of Largs was literally tlirashed out. Also :—We are informed that In conse quence of the appearance of rust in the wheat, a number of the farmers in the neighbourhood of Phoenix Park are turn ing their wheat crops into hay. Wheaten hay is now bringing more in the market than lucerne, and so far the proceeding is profitable. The disadvantage is that whereas in the case of the latter there are several cuttings, there can be only one of wheat in a season. Its Singleton cor. writes :—Geo. Clax ton was charged with destroying veget ables, then growing, the property of An thony Hemann. Mr. A. J. Gould appeared for the defendant. Complain ant deposed that between twelve and one o'clock on the morning of Tuesday, the 2Gth October last, he saw defendant in his garden pulling up marjoram, thyme, beans, onions, and other vegetable pro ductions. Complainant was at the time in the garden on the footpath. The fence around the garden is a four-rail fence, and the defendant had no business there. Complainant estimated the value of mar joram destroyed'at £2. The next morn ing complainant showed defendant the damage done, and said he should sum mons liim to court, when defendant said he did not care. Margaret Hemann, wife of complainant, corroborated his evi dence. For the defence: William Fox, employer of defendant, gave him a good character, and stated that the Hemanns are quarrelsome people and fond of drink. The Bench convicted the de fendant, and ordered him to pay a fine of one shilling, and the sum of fifteen shillings for damages done, together with 6s. 6d. court costs. Mr. Hugh Mitchell, of Mount Mitchell, near Kiama, died suddenly of disease of the heart, recently. Inrecentlydefendinga prisoner, charged with horse-stealing, Mr. Buchanan thus spoke of the police in his address to the Jury:—It is no part of the defence, gentleman, to say a word against the police. From a pretty long experience now of that body as witnesses and public servants, I have no hesitation in- saying that a finer body of men is not to be found in any part of the world. Their intelli gence is most marked, and their fairness towards the accused has always struck me as being peculiarly commendable. As a body, they seem to have caught the very spirit of our law in its fair dealing with all persons charged with crime, and I may say I have long looked upon the police of this country with a respect which their conduct challenges and deserves. The ' Moruya Examiner' says:—On Thursday last a young man named P. Macdonald, working on the tramway at the North head, was severely bitten on the leg by a black snake. After dinner he was strolling in the bush, when he inadvertently trod on the reptile, which immediately returned the aggression with a most savage .attack, as we have said. His mates immediately bound a ligature round the leg, scarified the wound, and dosed the sufferer with large supplies brand}', and subsequently with a quantity of ammonia. In the evening he was brought to the town to have the benefit of Mr. Dansey's assistance. He stayed at Mr. Coxon's, and both there and whilst on his way up the river it was as much as his companions could do to keep him from falling asleep. About midnight Mr. Dan sey pronounced his patient out of danger. Singularly enough, the young man was bitten, about five years ago, on the same leg, by a snake. Two buildings in Ipswich were lately destroyed by fire, supposed to have been caused by the upsetting of a kerosene lamp. The Ryde cor. of the ' Herald' writes : —At the Police Court, Edward Sweeney was charged with cruelty to anfmals, viz., lighting a fire under a horse. The Bench sentenced him to one month's imprison ment in Darlinghurst Gaol.—During the prevalence of the strong North-Westerly wind on the 2nd instant, a fire broke out in the bush, and made rapid progress to wards the premises of Mrs. Darvall, at Rydedale, Ryde. The stable and a stack of hay caught fire; but through the energy and prompt action taken by all present, any serious consequence was averted. The ' Taranaki Herald' says :—A child of Mr. W. Stockley narrowly escaped being drowned iu a well, and but for the fearless and courageous act of Miss Stock . ley in jumping in after the little boy, and holding him out of the water till assistance came, the accident must have proved fatal. It appears that the child, who is abou£ fif teen months old, made its way to the partly-opened well, and by some means or other raised the lid and tumbled iD. Miss Stockley, who was at the house door, just caught sight of the child as it was disappearing. She immediately ran to the spot and jumped down after the child and succeeded in grasping it as it was about sinking in the water for the second time. The well is over 35 feet deep, and there is between 15 and 20 feet of water in it. Miss Stockley's screams attracted the attention of the neighbours, and the well-bucket was promptly let down, when she and the child (of whom she had a firm grasp) were rescued from their perilous position. Dr Rawson was sent for, but by the time he arrived the child appeared all right, and beyond a pinched finger, oc casioned by the handle of the bucket whilst being drawn up from the well, the young lady is uninjured. One of the men lately found drowned in the Parramatta River was named Ezekiel Wallace, aged 60. He was an in mate of the Benevolent Asylum at Parra matta, and had been sent into the bush by the head wardsman to procure a couple of saplings to make some crutches. How | he was drowned could not be discovered -* -at the inquest. Telegrams from Melbourne, in the ' Echo' of 3rd inst. :—Dally, the Colling wood registrar, and Ross were committed for trial in reference to a mock marriage ; the case against Kemp, who witnessed the ceremony, was dismissed.—Dr. Cairns lias resigned the pastorate of Chalmers Church. —It is stated that the police are aware that a number of convicts from New Cale donia are in the colony.—An extraordi nary scene occurred in a Church at Col lingwood, last Saturday night. When the minister was reading a statement from the pulpit he was frequently interrupted by some of the trustees and told he was tell ing lies. Ditto from Adelaide :—The Palmas, which left here for Callao in May last, with a cargo of breadstuffs, was wrecked, and all hands but three were lost. Ditto from Brisbane :—A hot North westerly wind is blowing to-day. The Lucy Ravel and her cargo were sold by the captain yesterday for £250. The ves sel is not absolutely a total wreck, but she is so much damaged that it would be hope less to attempt to repair her. A prelimi nary enquiry is ordered to be held at Broad Sound in reference to the cause of the stranding.—Cook Town : The scene of the late fire is being rapidly rebuilt over. Gambling is very prevalent among the Chinese. The blacks are exceedingly troublesome along the road to the Palmer. There are several cases of spearing horses and men, and one case within five miles of Cooktowh. Business is very brisk ; horses are fully supplied. The 'Echo' of 11th inst. says:—The inhabitants of North Shore were greatly alarmed on Tuesday night by the large bushfire which was burning there the whole of that day. The scrub burnt very fiercely, and people were employed until after midnight beating out the flames. Yesterday afternoon, at 6 minutes past 2, Superintendent Bown received the follow ing telegram from Mr. Murray: " Bush fire down in Neutral Bay, houses in great danger." Twenty minutes after another telegram from the station-master at North Shore was sent, " Reported by Constable Reilly, bush-fire raging in Neutral Bay, unoccupied houses on fire, three or four others very close in great danger; plenty of water ; assistance required." Immedi ately on the latter telegram being received Mr. Bown started with one of his engines and proceeded to North Shore. On his arrival he found that an unoccupied house, the property of Mr. Younger, had been burnt down. It was a stone building, with a shingle roof, and was uninsured. The house occupied by Mrs. Thompson caught fire, but was not seriously damaged; and several properties, among them being those of Captain Myhill and Mr. Arnold, were placed in jeopardy. The danger was caused by the falling fire, which was blown down the hill, all the houses mentioned being on an incline. Had the wind con tinued there is no knowing where the da mage would have ended, as all the pro perties mentioned must invariably have been destroyed. The wind set in from the West Bhortly after 4 o'clock, and for the time being all immediate danger was at an end so far as the properties close to the town of St, Leonards were concerned. The Westerly wind, however, increased in violence about 6 o'clock, and the flames were thrown back in an Easterly direction, producing an intense heat on the heights over Mossman's Bay. At one time it was feared that the residences of Mr. Bennett and Mr. Moriarty would be destroyed. The inmates were nearly suffocated by the smoke and heat, and the shrubs and plants in the garden were withered. Beyond this there was no injury done. Up to the time we write, the fire was still burning in that direction. Constable Reilly ren dered very valuable assistance, and de serves the greatest praise. Mr. Tunks, and in fact all the neighbours, exerted themselves to the utmost. About an hour after Mr. Bown's arrival with the Insur ance Companies' engine, the Nos. 2 and 3 Volunteer Companies reached the scene of the fire. The engines were brought back about half-past 5 o'clock, after every thing had been seen to be all safe. Dur ing last night there was a breeze blowing, which fanned up the fire, and it gave out a great reflection. It is reported that a Jiouse in Middle Harbour was burnt down ^terday morning. It is believed to be tWp5*vperty, of a Mr. Hipwood. A large fire Vas aft*o raping last night, apparently at the<back c\f Ryde, the flame being dis tinctly \jsibla from Sydney. Also At about a quarter to 12 o'clock yesterday, a J fire was discorded to be burning ufon the roof of a shed belonging to Mr. Hilton, in Bligh-street. a short space of time the strong wind that was blowing^fanned the flames to such an extent that the** was fear of the fire spreading. But, b> the assistance of some n^n who happened \ be near at the time, the flames were extinguished. There were 110 less than seven holes burnt in different parts of the shingles, and some of them were large enough to admit of a man's body passing through them. The damage frequently was confined to the roof, and no serious consequences re sulted. The fire is said to have originated by some sparks from a neighbouring chim ney alighting upon the shingles. This is another instance in which serious results might have occurred through not keeping chimneys clean.—Shortly before 2 o'clock this morning a fire was discovered in some stables at the rear of Grimes'-building, in Lower Fort-street, tenanted by Mr. Rog ers, drayman. At the time of the fire there were several horses in the stables, which were extricated with some difficulty by persons attracted to the spot. Pre vious to the arrival of a fire-engine efforts were made to extinguish the flames by se veral people with buckets of water, but without avail, and the stables were gutted. A dense volume of smoke arose from the burning hay and straw, which gave it the appearance of a more serious conflagration than actually occurred. The harness in the stables and several drays in the vicinity were speedily removed to a place of safety. The origin of the fire is at present unknown. Telegram from Bathurst, in the ' Echo' of 4th inst. :—A carrier named Ralph, while coming along the Orange Road, at the Rocks, was knocked down by a dray, when the wheel passed over and killed him.—An old man, named Ratcliffe, fell down the stairs of All Saint's belfry yes ternight, and died to-day. Ditto from Melbourne :—The Sabbata rians are working strongly against the Mayor in his ward. The Mayor has re ceived a letter from a ratepayer of his ward offering to vote for him for £5, and stating there are twelve of the writer's fel low-workmen willing to do the same. The letter has been sent to the papers for pub lication by the Mayor.—Mr. Higginbotham has declined to take the lead of the Libe ral party, as he says that in Parliament there are not six men who have distinct political aims. —Mdlle. de Murska has set tled the dispute with Mr. Coppin. She pays £21, including 10 guineas'subscrip tion to the Dramatic Association, 2 guineas for singing the song, and 9 guineas costs. —A sum of over £1200 has been trans mitted for the French Relief Fund. Ditto from Launceston :—A fearful tra gedy took place at Mole Creek, Chudleigh ; a man named John Lambert, in the ser vice of Messrs. Field, murdered Isaac Richards and Richards's wife in their hut; he then hanged himself on a tree close by ; he killed Richards by smashing in his head with an iron bar, and cut his (Rich ards's) wife's throat. Lambert was a Port Arthur man of bad character, and was twice charged with murder. Richards had threatened to take some legal proceedings against him, hence it is supposed the mur der was committed. Ditto from Adelaide :—The largest land sale ever held took place yesterday; 55,000 acres were sold, realising nearly £100,000.—Mr. Penny, a labour agent, wrote to the Government and offered to import labour for the coming harvest from Victoria. The Government declined the offer.—Red rust is appearing in the North ern crops.—Over twenty-five inches of rain has fallen this year. The same issue says :—A man named John Burns, whilst driving along the Long Bay road, near Coogee, had one of his legs broken by the upsetting of his cart.—This morning, on board a steam launch lying at the Patent Slip wharf, a man named John Cement met with a very painful accident. Cement, who is the en gine-driver of the launch, put his right hand amongst the machinery to turn off a cock, and whilst so doing the piston rod caught his hand and severely lacerated it. He was immediately taken to the Infirm ary, where the wound was dressed. The ' Queenslanderi says, of the open ing of the District Court at St. George:— A venerable gentleman, who had evidently been taking an observation through a brandy bottle, was busily engaged taking notes in his memorandum book with the butt end of a cigar, when he made a sud den start to the floor of the court, right in front of His Honor, introduced himself as the ' Sydney Morning Herald,' and re quested permission to use the Judge's inkstand while he took down the contents of the commission. He was put to one side by the bailiff, and quietly subsided. The Lancefield ' Mercury' says :—Pro fitable as sheep-farming has undoubtedly been for the past two or three years, it is not often that it is possible to record such successful results as have been obtained by Dr. Plummer during the present sea son. On his Gisborne farms the average of the lambing has in three separate flocks been 120 per cent. In another flock, in which the lambing is not yet over, the per centage has been 119, and 150 is fully anticipated. On the whole, Dr. Plummer expects an average of 130 per cent, on the whole of his flock. This is, perhaps, one of^ the most successful results ever ob tained in Victorian sheep-farming. The 'Evening News' says :—Mr. Robt. W. Newell, of Parramatta-street, missed a cheese from his shop on Monday after noon, and seeing a person walking away from the shop in a suspicious manner, and carrying a bag, followed him, when the fellow dropped his load and ran. The missing cheese rolled out of the bag. Mr. Newell gave information to Constable Shanahan, who gave the fellow chase. The conservator of the peace had a long run before he booked his man—up the Newtown Road, over to Forest Lodge, thence to Campbelltown, back to New town, across field and paddock, up hill and down dale, till at length he secured the runaway at Petersham. The fellow, whose name is Benjamin Lancaster, gave his captor credit for having run him down well. " You deserve to catch me," he said, " you followed me welland went quietly to durance vile. He was sen tenced yesterday morning, by the bench at the central police court, to a month's imprisonment in Darlinghurst gaol. The ' Rockhampton Bulletin' says, of the trial of Charles Griffiths Pritchard and Mary Pritchard for the murder of Israel Griffiths, on the 1st of May last, near Gympie. The evidence was very voluminous, the trial lasting two days. The mother confessed that her son had stabbed her nephew, but said it was in self- defence. His Honor having summed up, the Jury retired, and after an absence from Court of less than an hour, the Jury returned with a verdict which acquitted the female prisoner, and found the male prisoner guilty of manslaughter. Mary Pritchard being discharged, the male pri soner was asked whether he had anything to say before the sentence of the Court was passed upon him 1 In reply, he stated that he had inflicted the wound "on Griffiths in Belf-defence. The deceased was a much more powerful man than the •meaker, and it was not till Griffiths had th-^tened to take his (Pritchard's) life, that n-» (Pritchard) stabbed him. He begged his Honor to deal leniently with him, as this the third time he had been convicted in that dock. On the first occasion, in 1869, he was sentenced to three years' hard labour. He had served that sentence. • But he assured his Honor he was innocent of the crime for which he was then convicted. Judge Sheppard afterwards gave him twelve months. That sentence he also served, and on that occasion he was guilty, and honestly deserved the punishment he re ceived. He hoped his Honor would not now remember these old affairs against him, and would give as mild a sentence as possible on the present occasion. His Honor the Chief Justice said he was not now going to punish the prisoner for for mer offences. He could not understand why the prisoner should ask for mercy on the ground that he had twice before been convicted, as that fact had rather a ten dency to prove him to be a violent man. He could not accept the plea of self defence. If the crime had been com mitted in self-defence, the prisoner would hardly have thought it necessary to con ceal the knife, or to tell a number of false hoods concerning the affair. On the con trary, he would have courted publicity and enquiry. Not only had the prisoner had recourse to falsehood, but he had in duced his mother to join him in those falsehoods, and had thus placed her in a position which justified grave suspicion. Some cases of manslaughter differed so slightly from murder that it was difficult to define the distinction. This was one of those cases. Not content with stabbing his victim once, twice, and thrice, be had stabbed him in a fourth place, and this time fatally, and then once again before withdrawing the knife. He thought the Jury were quite right in their verdict, and the sentence of the Court was, that pri soner be kept in penal servitude for the term of twenty years. The ' Capricornian' says :—The quarrel between New South Wales and Victoria has proved no disadvantage to Queens land, for now that the parent colony has declined to accept the limited space avail able at the Philadelphia Exhibition, the opportunity has been presented to Queens land to put in an appearance. Victoria has monopolised 22,000 feet on the un derstanding that most of the other colo nies would fo/ward their exhibits through her. Some of them have done so, but New South Wales and Queensland se verally declined the honour. Victoria only left 7000 feet available for the Aus tralian colonies refusing to appear under her wing, and the-withdrawal of New South Wales has apparently just placed this space at the disposal of Queensland, which colony, it is antici pated, will now make a very creditable show. A young man named Robert Harvey was lately drowned, in the Parramatta River, by falling out of a boat which he was aiding the navigation of, during a strong breeze. Recently, in the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of N. S. W., the Rev. Dr. M'Gibbon requested permission to state that Mr. J. Gardiner, of Newtown, had requested his advice in the drawing up of his will in reference to the proper application of certain bequests. Mr. Gar diner had agreed to lay aside ,£2000, which would come in due time under the control of the Assembly, for the purpose of training up young men for the ministry, and also for the mission fields adjoining. He should like it to be-mentioned in the minutes that this Assembly expressed its thanks to the gentleman concerned for his very handsome provision for the future ministers of this Church. (Applause.) The proposition was agreed to. Telegram from Newcastle, in Friday's 'Echo' :—Thomas Hyde was examined before the Waratah Bench to-day, and committed to take his trial at Maitland for the murder of Wm. Sincox, at Red head, on Sunday, Oct 30. Bail was ap plied for and refused. The Court was densely crowded all day. Ditto from Brisbane :—The collections on Hospital Sunday were a decided failure. Ditto from Melbourne:—Mr. R. B. Smith, M.L.A., of the New South Wales Legislature, slipped on the deck of the Ellora, and broke his leg, which was set. —-In the action for breach of promise, Titly v. Motline, verdict for the plaintiff; damages £210.—The inquest on the body of E. J. Murphy, solicitor, resulted in a verdict of suicide whilst labouring under temporary insanity. His brother stated that he (deceased) was not in good circum stances before his death.—Mr. Mayor Gatehouse has been re-elected for Albert Ward by a majority of 78. Counsellor Curtayn has been rejected for Victoria Ward. The elections produced a good deal of excitement, especially the Mayor's. Ditto from Adelaide :—The staple ex ports for the last week reached in value nearly £200,000.—The Government have prohibited the importation of vines from Europe and America.—The Motpenarun, with 9000 sheep, sold at 29s. 6d. per head.—A Forest Board has been ap pointed, consisting of the undermentioned members : Dr. Schoinburgk, Mr. Goyder, Colonel Barber, and Mr. J. Jones. The same issue says :—In the Supreme Court, the A. J. S. Bank brought an ac tion against Mr. J. B. Wilson, upon his guarantee of an overdraft of the Molong Consols Copper Mining Company, to the amount of £2000, and interest. The de fendant's main defence was, that he was one of six directors, and that his guarantee was given on the condition that it should not be used unless the other directors gave similar guarantees. The Bank now agreed to accept one- sixth of the sum sued for, and a verdict was taken, by con sent, for £400. Also :—On Thursday morning, about 11 o'clock, a large fishing-boat, while coming up the harbour, was struck by a sudden puff of wind off the land near George's Head, and capsized. It sank at once. The two men, and all the floating gear, were picked up immediately by Mr. W. Byrne and his son, who were passing in a skiff at the time. The boat has not yet been recovered.—About 2 o'clock on Wed nesday afternoon a fire broke out in a house at Woolli Creek, Cook's River, ten anted by James Fowler, a wool-washer. The fire was caused through some sparks from a bush-fire falling on the roof of the house and setting light to it. The roof was shingled, and being very old, easily caught light. The premises were de stroyed. The house, which is the property of Mr. Edward Bradridge, was insured in the Liverpool, London, and Globe Office for £400, but this will not cover the amount of damage. The ' Southern Argus' says:—The dis trict coroner held an inquest at Towrang, on Monday evening, touching the death of George Brabham, who had died the previous night from the effects of a gun shot wound. Jane Brabham deposed that she was the mother of deceased ; on Tues day, 26th, he went out with some sheep, and took with him a gun and some powder and slugs ; he returned about half-past 5; he said so soon as he came to the house, "Oh, mother, I'm shot—I didn't shoot myselfsaw that he had heen shot in the hand ; they started for Goul- | burn and went to Dr. Hayley's surgery, where the doctor dressed the wound and gave witness directions what to do; on the way home the deceased told her that in taking the gun off the ground he had caught hold of it by the muzzle and it went off in his hand ; he said that it was not cocked, but that it had been lying on some stones and sticks, and he must have drawn the hammer over them ; he subse quently died. Dr. Hayley's evidence having been taken, the jury found as their verdict that " the deceased died from the effects of a gunshot wound, accidentally received ; and they wished to add that no blame whatever attached to the doctor." Joseph Mansfield, aged about 80, was lately found dead, in liis hut, at Dural, near Parramatta. A post-mortem exa mination showed that death had been caused by cancer in the stomach. The Parramatta cor. of the 'Herald' writes :—As Thomas Greaves, carpenter, was returning from Smithfield in a cart, with some other workmen, on the 1st instant, the bellyband of the harness broke, the cart tilted up, the occupants were thrown out, and Greaves's thigh was broken. New Zealand items :—On October 9 the fiercest storm in the recollection of the oldest inhabitants passed over Gisborne. Buildings were unroofed, and, in some cases, blown to the ground. Scarcely a soul ventured out in the streets during the day. A cutter, which was moored to a high tree on the river bank, tore it up by the roots. Many casualties are re ported. Fences are lying fiat on the ground in all directions. A number of drowned cattle, sheep, and pigs were floating down the river. Paora Puker akuku (a .native), in trying to rescue his horse, during the heavy fresh, was nearly drowned.—When people went to the im migration barracks in Taranaki to hire single girls from amongst the arrivals by the Chile, they found the article in short supply. Nearly all the single girls had plighted their troth to the single men during the pleasant voyage.—It appears, in reference to Haley's attempted escape, that Miller, the warder, fired two alarm shots, but those being ineffectual, he hit him with the third, and the prisoner dropped dead. On his person, concealed under his shirt, were a number of photographs, which he had often stated lie would carry to his grave. In Feb ruary, 1873, while dusting carpets in the gaol porch, he attempted to escape by throwing pepper into the eyes of Warder Hogan. He managed to get away, and ran into Cumberland-street, but Hogan followed and secured him. He was then put in irons for a time, but his conduct was so good latterly that they were re moved.—Soon after midnight on the 30th September a fire was discovered in the outbuildings at Mr. J. M. Clarke's, baker, Boss- place, at Lawrence. The alarm was at once given, and the fire brigade was quickly on the spot, as also several members of the police under Inspector Thompson. After the brigade had been at work some time, an alarm was raised that two boys were sleeping on the premises. Captain Hills immediately in structed his men to break into their sleeping apartment, which was then in flames. After playing the water on for a few minutes, the men forced their way into the burning building and dragged out the two lads, both dead, and burnt so as to be hardly recognisable. The scarcity of waUle bark in some dis tricts is felt seriously by local tanners. Mr. A. F. Wilskire writes to the ' Herald' :—A short time past there was a letter in your journal, signed " A Tan ner." I presume you will permit me a reply. Its subject was an enquiry as to what was best to be done in regard to a substitute for the mimosa or wattle tree bark, which was now becoming less every year, and become possibly extinct. He also suggested the planting or cultivation of a plant grown in America—I forget the name (likely one of the " Sumach" tribe) —if it would pay. To the first enquiry I would recommend any of the " Euca lyptus" tribe—that known as box is the best; but all the tribe are equal in tan neries to the English oak, but some of them give leather a darker colour, iron bark for instauce. To the second enquiry I should say it would not pay, but I have no doubt that the "mimosa" tree would pay handsomely if cultivated by planting in rows upon the low and frequently flooded lands of the Hunter and Hawkesbury Rivers. Floods would not destroy a plantation, but it would take four or five years from first planting before a crop could be gathered; after that time, and for many years, with little cost, it would yield at least £20 worth clear of bark yearly, calculating its present price in the English market, and I cannot see that it will ever be less now that the tanners there are aware of its value. One ton of it is quite equal to two of the oak, and from a plantation the mimosa or wattle bark would be better prepared for market than it is now. The ' Gripps Land Times' says :—An extraordinary mistake was made lately at Wurruk, by which a boy named Kelly was severely wounded. The boy had been scolded the previous day by his mother for some fault, and being afraid to go home, he took a couple of bags and camped out. The place he selected was a log near the fowlhouse of a neighbour named Faithful, who lately had a number of fowls killed, and who, seeing a dog (which belonged to the boy) standing over what he imagined was a turkey, fired his I gun, and lodged the contents in the boy's shoulder. Horrified on discovering his i mistake, he conveyed the boy to the hos- | pital, where he now lies, and hopes are entertained of his recovery. j A curious story is related by the ' M. A. Mail' respecting the intimacy subsisting between a horse and a milch cow which grazed together in a paddock near Castle maine. The animals were very fond of each other's company. The cow was an excellent milker, but lately has not sup plied nearly the usual quantity of milk. The explanation given is that the horse \ was seen on his knees sucking the cow. The phenomenon is rightly described as very unusual, but it is stated that the son of the owner of the animals actually saw the cow quietly submitting to the opera tion. New Zealand items :—A woman named Mrs. Wall, residing at the Thames, has killed two of her children—a boy nine years of age, and a girl of seven. It ap pears that the woman was given to drink, and, in a sudden outburst of insanity, she took up an axe and inflicted dreadful wounds about the heads and necks of her children. The boy died immediately, and the girl survived a couple of hours.—A daughter of Sergeant Dean, five years of age, met with a frightful death at Dun edin. She was carrying a shovelfjj live lignite ashes out of Iter dress coming inj burst into a lowed. The ' Herald's' Windsor cor. writes:— A child named Alice Kidd, six years old, was found dead in the bush at Kurra jong. Her clothes had apparently been caught whilst rambling near a bush fire, and she died from the injuries received. Saturda3T's ' Herald' says :—Last night, a dinner was given at the rooms of the Academy of Arts, by the gentlemen who were engaged in observing the recent transit of Venus, to Mr. H. C. Russell, Government Astronomer, as a welcome to him on his return to the colony after visiting Europe. The ' Narrabri Herald' says :—The Na tive Dog Destruction Association met on Sunday forenoon last, Capt. W. H. Mose ley in the chair, and present Messrs. A. J. Doyle, D. M. Fraser, Hay, and Jas. Moseley. Over £90 was paid away for scalps and tails, and it was determined to continue active operations with a view to the material decrease of the pests of the bush. Its Boggabri cor., writes :—A man named James Nartliy sustained a fracture of the right arm by being kicked by a horse whilst hobbling him, at Milchengowrie, about three miles from here. The Broke cor. of the ' Singleton Ar gus' writes :—Sunday* afternoon was dis tinguished by a hail storm, heavier and more destructive than any known in this district for the last 22 years. Every house had windows broken, the fruit crop was destroyed, and the wheat crop, which was unusually heavy and to be reaped in a few days, was so much in jured that it is calculated about half the crop is destroyed. The Goondiwindi cor. of the 'D. D. Gazette' writes :—A Jack Shea quart-pot, found among the human remains near the Nine-mile Gate, has been cleaned, and the name, " Anderson, Dalby," dis covered thereon. Mr. Ambrose Cashin, of Moree, has died from the effects of his late accident. His horse fell and rolled upon him. The ' D. D. Gazette' says :—A case of accidental poisoning occurred last Satur day, at Gowrie Junction. Oppressed by the heat on that day, a German settler named Hermann Shultz retired to his bed, having previously partaken of a hearty dinner. He subsequently drank a quantity of vinegar and water mixed with baking soda, and, to relieve the pain he afterwards experienced, he took a dose from a packet which he believed to con tain Glauber salts. The packet from which the dose was obtained was found in a hat left by a countryman in Shultz's possession, and it contained poison— strychnine, for poisoning native dogs. Three grains of the powder given to a dog on Sunday, at Toowoomba, termi nated the animal's existence in twenty minutes. The quantity taken by de ceased in mistake for salts was sufficient to poison fourteen or sixteen persons.— The body found in King's Creek, on Wed nesday last, by Mr. G. Bennett, is sup posed to be the remains of a man named James Balzer, who was lately engaged in washing at Pilton. It is supposed that Balzer, who had been drinking heavily, strayed to the creek-side, and was acci dentally drowned. 