ALARMING ACCIDENT AT ALBURY. (PBOJI TUB BORDBR TOST, FEB. 21.) On Wednesday afternoon the people ot Albury wero thrown into a state of groat ex. citement by a report which spread with the rapidity of a bush fire, that the north tran- sept arch of the new building in course of en -i destined for the Church of England, ¿av-, and that three men wore buried in j_«ms. Happily, however, tho lofer pan. _- the rumour was exaggerated, as the wen escaped, though narrowly, with serious contusions Those who have studied arcbi. iecturo will know that the transept is the transverse portion of a cruciform church Clbo proposed building is on a laige scale the Span of the arch of the transept is 20ft, and the height of the nrch from tho levol of the springing to the vertox measures 18ft _The haunches of the arch wero supported on Either side by main wulla to a height of only dft Oin from the springers, thus leaving fully lour fifths to bear the weight and pressure of the superstructure, which, by the way, was Elevated to fit the roof to the height of lift, obove the vertex of the arch. Without pre- tending to much skill in the scionco of architecture, it may be at once said that tho ¡proportions of tho arch were at variance with tbe recognised principles of architectural de Bign or engineering expenonco However, that is a quettion on which professional Gentlemen's opinion only can carry weight ïllie materials of the arch and superstructure were of brick and cement, the latter ingre- dient, we aro told, waa used with no un. spanng band. Ihe ring of the arch was 2ft. in width by a depth of 2ft, oin , and the Superstructure Hin in width 'the centre was constructed by Mr Hartley It was wade of pino, had good qualities, and was of Buihcient strength to Bupport the weight and jiressure of the arch It also had the mont of being easily removed in pieces by any two ordinary men On tho day in question, three men, under the superintendence of the Rev. Mr Acocks attempted to remove the centre, and after having extricated part of it, the haunches of the arch, unable to Jiear the weight, burst out, and the whole superstructure fell in with a terrific crash, Emaahing the centre into atoms The men were panic stricken, one making his escape liy clinging to one of the scaffolding poles. While m that position, ho suffered by some ¡bricks toppling on his head and shoulders, .which rendered him insensible nis name _s Thomas Cartwright, and ho is now in the hospital, progressing favourably under the Skilful treatment of Dr. Andrews The other two mon made good their escape with a few contusions It is a miracle that tbey wero not killed. Such a calamity might have evoked a damaging rider at a coroner's inquest, as, if we are rifehtly informed, tbere is no aichitect to superintend the erection of .bp building. 