TALK ON 'CHANGE. " I will buy withyoa, Bdl with you, talk with you. tt n ' _i - ■.~SnAKBP1ARH. " —Quamquam ridentum dicere rerum Quid mat?"—HokaCH. An old military man, who was quartered in Launceston in a,d. 1829, is now on a visit to Tasmania.' He writes me that he has taken a trip on the northern section of the sew line toHobarfc Town, Thegauge is 3ft, 6to.,the engines of the bogie pattern, the carriages (future) are to be on the American plan, with entrances at the ends. The speed of ttly friend's journey was at the rate of; 30 miles an-hour eadh way. Bat that which in. dhces me to quote his letter is this. He says—" I was disappointed at not finding the country more occupied. In fact, front Evan dale, where I moved from the Western to the Trunk line, It is, I may say, a sheep ran, just as I saw it 45 years ago—with this difference, i that the old proprietors are either dead: or gone. The new line will perhaps open it up." From another source I hear a rather morions story about the Tasmanian railway contract. It is that the Government has been smart enough to get the better of the English. contractors to a large amount—-no leas than £130,000. That, I am told, represents the loss the contractors will suffer. It isn't often that a state gets to windward of a con tractor to such an extent. The Tasmanian Government originally, I believe, had a survey and estimate of cost of construction and traffic prepared. Its proposal was, that the contractor should provide all the capital, and that if the traffic didn't produce 5 per cent on stipulated outlay, it would be made up to that'rate from the Tasmanfan Treasury. A large contracting firm s£nt out from England its own engineer, to make Burveys and check the estimates. But the mail which should have token them his report conveyed fadings of his deajth. Here was a dilemma. The date for tendering was close at hand; there, was no time!to send out another representative, and toe option open,to the firm inclined to tender was either to accept as a correct basis toe Government engineer's estimate or to abandon the enterprise altogether. The firm resolved to "risk contracting on toe faith of toe local engineer's calculation. When a survey was made on their behalf it was found that the original estimate was £130,000 less than the work could be done for. The contracting' firm places too high a value on its credit not to carry oat the work, even at a loss, and thus it is that Tasmania stands in so exceptionally proud a position as regards its railway contracts. ■ • Another commission for.shunting a.diffi culty from Government shoulders is to be appointed. I will'suggest a few queriest for this commission. Why was the original amount required for the construction of the second main cut down? Who^s to blame for delay in asking Parliament for the amount? To whom it is. due that months of delay were caused in Bsktogtenders for pipes,, on toe ground that; iron was dear ? Whose fault is it that a professional person was brought to " by influence" to do certain work, which at toe end of several months proved worthless ? Who to to blame that a contract wab let to a -firm (which has broken, dowh to fulfilling it);' about letting which contract there was so much doubt that it was made/0 Cahtoet queStion ? When ^hto contrabtfailed, why hot have at once carried out the requisite work at toA' Utmost rate of Speed by day' labour ? If thto commisrion really doOs itawbrk; and calls for all minutes, protests, suggestidbs, he., I am certain that the blame wSl justly attach to the rottenness of our Parliamentary and Administrative system, and toe placing at the head of, an important department at a critical period an irreproachable old .gentleman to black trou sers, wtio should never have been torn from, the chairmanship of Wesieyan tea-meetings. Probably if Mr. Anderson had been to power earlier-—certainly tf hitr,' Service — there wouldn't have been so 'much toconvehiepce , as has qccUrred.' As mattera how stand, the j second main will hot he Completed by next summer, although there may be some in crease to the quantity of water sent down from Tan Yean to the Preston reservoir. , If tiro squatters keep the selectors' stock , away from the dams, the selectors now and again repay civility of this kind with interject. The Owner of a large block of purchased land oh th6 Goulbum holds some Crown lands Adjoining. On the latter are three dams,, constructed at his own cost, and to which he good-natoredty gives the neighbpurr tog selectors access. A brother squatter had the other day 12,000 sheep on their wa^ to market; But although the jtermtoaion of the splutter had been obtained, the selewora took npon themselves to resist the approach of the sheep to this water, to which their Own only, claim was by Bufferance. The overseer of the'Btaiion eventually succeeded toc^ny |ng out Ids employer's wish, hut hit qnfil 4,000 of the travelling shieeip had peris miserably. It was fromthB overseer's to that I learned these facts, anditis well, as there 'to a perpetual outon the en/hnto patte who hold pastoral to know that $oroe ,ne assumed. Talking to a young buhnu^ abont the forest fires, I paalwtdila fcaM'is Wwferiher he thought thsf mbtil&bS;'lnMihluifbbtti for &e; torelete ti^wlngawiy'Oflighted&itoto; bySmcfcer&mth;^ to 1 that ana bottles acting ■ ashurrriiig gfatees. SOthat but for thepteasantriote of drinking Hid smoking the country migbthofreelrom destructive bushfireB. Wbuldn't'it be worth thewhile of a paternal Govehitaeni to forbid the manufacture W' importation; after a certain date, ofany matched but'thosewhich tea be lighted by frictitm ba the bok ? •' We prohibit the landing of vine cuttings, for fear of importing disease—Why not sett to vendor " tide'' offire ItesS, bothin townond OOtmtr'l >•' 1 l am afraid thatin the .colonies weAfiVe a knack of overdamgthings. The astounding discovery. has lately been made thatAus tralian bo Had beef in tins is often overdone, gome of the station, holders find , that they have rather overdone, things in the way of overstocking. Mercantile pursuits are so splendidly profitable that things have been a little overdone there. That wondetfulfroafc that was to kill the French vide crop caused a brandy speculation to be considerably overdone. There are people who are so pro fane as to think thatin the matter of Govern ment we are greatly overdone..Try 4ted read all the newspapers, and you may perhaps come to the conclusion that even journalism isn't free from the general characteristic of being overdone. And that which has. ^evoked all this sublime moralising is the Starting of several brand-new challenge cups by cricket clubB. Because one challenge cap has given a stimulus to cricket the idea is at once overdone. With half a dozen of them the value pf any is diminished, and the meaning frittered away of a trophy to which the best only might aspire. In California they use their brokers well. A seat at the board of brokers there is worth money. They sell as much in value there in one'day as Melbourne does in a week. In the San Francisco Market .Review of 3rd Decem ber, 1874,1 find the following" The value of a seat in the board is evidence of this im portant business, another seat having been sold daring the past week at 20,000 dollars." It is not uncommon for a thinly populated district to guarantee a medical man so muck per annum as an inducement for him to settle among them. An important mining company lately wanted a medical practitioner to take care of the health of its wOTkthen, who, I suppose, each contribute something weekly. After some delay a candidate, who hadnnme. tens testimonials, and one especially strong 'from the chairman of a popular institntion, was approved and appointed. He turned eat quite- incapable, and unfit for his pteitien. Within a short time one of the committee which had selected this ornament of bis ^pro fession met the giver of the gushing testi moniaL "How," was his indignant inquiry, "could yon give such a certificate to so in competent a fellow!" "Ah," waS the coo reply, "you'll have to give him a stronger pne before you get rid of him." I lately met an excellent example of oblique advertising. An American speculator arrived in Paris with alarge consignment of toilet vinegar, compounded according to some < novel recipe. There never w*8 such vinegar It cooled you in summer and warmed -in winter. It was a tooth-wash, and. had depilatory qualities.. Stiff it hung on hand. To Mb laudatory notioes he .then added a line, or two-tp. the: effect; that, althongh he was as much as eve? convinced of its excellence, he felt bound to cautien ladies looking forward to maternity against ite use. . In a week he hadn't a bottle left. Some persons engaged in the pursuit ef buying and Belling on commission were, the other day, discussing the. difficulty/ they ex perienced in inducing principals tovdeaL In exemplifying this, said. people axe now so . incredulous ap£ .-so^difii cult tip persuade that the simplest wry us to tell them the exact truth—they're sure to believe the opposite." " Quito correct*'' said another, unconscious of what he waa npply. ing. "I've tried buyers that■way myself several times." , • A gentleman who has given groat qffeaoe , by acquiring a large fortune nppnaprqiimi. nary capital of£2 12a. iaforaakiug the theatre pf this most, enviahlp; exploit, He has ever been a panctgal uttepdentaf the kirk, and this much it is mhdfol fosaj ——, ——~ « -fi wyi'iM w wy to give point to the-foUowuig. At thesale of Mb effects a fine pur of carriage horses, which it was expected, would sell for 120 guineas, realised only £80. This was mentioned is the presence of an especially genial riergr man of the Church of England, who said, so gravely as not to be suspected of banter " Don't wonder at it in the, least. These homes were confirmed , Sabbath - breakers. They were in front of Chalmers Church every Sunday for,the last two years. * lit1 wasn't tc be expected that they would bringn price their present impious frame olmind." iEGLES. 