A RIDE FOT LIFE' [The fo lo-wng ske--h of an i~n dent on "Black Th~. -ar" is rep.-duc d from HousceAi WfL ri4] As the rv ae--r - reac lx the shores of Victoria, th- _ I ;Welzni Lend that greets him is tr- bold par-.rntory of Cape Otwar. If it b at riZ1?t, the blate frru k:e !i; ... ~ se or it? m arhrn point sen's him itn el.rin ?eI for mane a -a' ±^. nyr- :i c->= , has so long. trav?ra-d in e'rr-ta-i,:n, and cal. foth ratiarous h :la f.-oC the throng of palsenZers aho crow-. to the fure?atle. If i_ i? dia. the e- res on its lofty f;-vim-hi'h with a T1 e_ and simitrdla-nlt Tei-? . f t" f il res?rnd :to the lel! ... a n - lan'l va-v recently per.peI! Coted? with fo,:,s from th. ~-:g of thr ,--s t to heir summits, tL'ey rei '-s vivid; the ap prrnch to a rts.: re-i,a of nrimeval natu:re. T:e tal :1h its s-- -" of the ca~m trees standl thicklv l-e ub i,+_. -lie so many hatr-i calumr-s, :and he.-e and there a-aetn"=: hem d-scenl dark rasinea, while lpkes of roeks on the Leights,.alternating with ja ggei chine, and proje.-tinrg s'Turs of the mountains, present their slitary masses to the breezes of the ocean. Amon.st the rocksof this wild shore there are a-eaves of mva: exotn: and--, sole~mn ?aspc , which have never yet (1..55) been thoroughly explored. The forest, extending if:fy milt or more in all directions, is one of the moiot dense and sava; e in the whole colony. tnril lately it was almost impalssble from the density of the scrub, and from the thick ma e?of the vines (that is lionas, or creeping cord-like plants, chiefly Ira-, r.aitiedl) which, as in the fe- st of South America, climb from tree to tree, knitting the wool into an obutnre an-! imrenetrable shade. Erepeting along the track from Mr R--lknlight's station near the sources of the Bar-won through the heart of the fores: to Arollo Bar, a distance of 40 miles, you mnight cut youlr wayr wit an axe, but would find it difi:ult to make pro-mrez_ otherw_. i The greater part of the promontorry, consisting of steep hills covered with gigantic trees intersected by shelvinz -valleys, and dark with congregated fern trees, beetling precipies, and stony, declivities, affords no food for cattle. In one day, however, known to the colonists as Black Thursday, a hurri cane of flame opene, its rude and im practicable wilderneves to the foot of man, but presented hinm at the same time with a black and blasted chaos of charred tree=, and gigantic fallen trunks and branches. It was in this forest, in the early morning of this memorable day, the 6th of Febrmary, 1851, that a young man opened his eyes and sar up to look about him. He had, the day before. driven a herd of .fifty b-lloc'ks from the I statiun of Mr ]boadknight thus far onr his way towards his own residence in the country, between Lake Cornngan:ite and Mount Gellibrand. He had reached at evening a small g??^rssy valley on the outskirts of the finest rater~v by a creek falling into the wes?.ern Barwon. and had there pau_-e for the night. His mob of cattle, tired and hurgry, were not inclined to strray from the rich pasturage before them; and hobbling out his splendid black horse Sorcerer, he prepare-I to pass the nieht in the simple fashion of the settler on such journeys. A fallen log supplied him with a convenient seat a firewas quickly I lit from the dead boug1h which lay t plentifully around, and In~ quart-pot c replenished at the creek. was soon him. ing and bubbling with its side thrust into the glowing fire. He had a good - store of kangaroo sandwichbe. and there he sat with his cup of strong bush-tean : looking alternately at the grazing of the cattle, and into the solemn, gloomy, and soundless woods, in which even the laughing jackass failed to shout his t clamorous adieu to the falling day. Only the distant monotone of the mor- t pork-the nocturnal cuckoo of the Aus tralian wilds--reacbel his -ar, making i the profound solitude still more solitary-. ' He very soon rolled himself in his t travelling rug, and flung himself down v before the fire-having previously piled t a fresh supply of timber upon ii--near where his trusty dogs lay, and where Sorcerer, in the favourite fashion of the bush horse, slept as he stood. The morning was bushed and breath less. Instead of that bracing chill with which the Australian lodger out ofi doors generallywakes up, Robert Patter son found the perspiration standing 1 thick on his face, and he felt a s~ren-e longing for a deep breath of fresh air. I But motion there was none, except in the little creek which trickled with a fresh-and inviting aspect at a few yards from him. He arose, and stripping, plunged into the deepest spot of it that t he could find; and thus refreshed, re kindled his fire, and make his solitary t breakfast. But all around hin hung, as it were, a leaden and deathlike heavi ness. Not abough nor a blade ofgrass was moved by the air. The trees stood inanimately moody and sullen. He 1 cast his eyes through the gloomy shadow beneath them, and a sultry suffocating f density seemed to charge the atmos- i phere. The sky above him was dimmed f by a grey haze. b '"Thereissomethingin thewind to-day, a old fellow," he said, addressing his horse I in his usual way; for he had long looked r on him as a companion, and firmly be- d lieved that he understood all that he fe said to him. "There is something in the wind; yet, where is the wind 1" re The perspi-tion streamed from him he with the mere exertion of saddling his a, horse, and as he mounted him to rourse m up his eattle, horse, dogs, and cattle br maifested a listlessness thaot only an ex- an traordinary condition of the- atmos- le phere.could produce. If you had seen ' fla the taUll, handtsome young man iated .th on lia tall; noble horse, ron would have [ ho felt that tlher were together foimed for any exploit 'f-etrength and speed. But mi the whole troop--cattle, man, and horse iml -went slowly anl soberly along, as if they were oppressed by a E fatigue or the of extreme exhaustion of famine. leg The forest closed in upon them again, ent ani they proceeded along a narrow red trak, fl2nke? on each side by tall and decely -growng tr s,; the creeping yres vines rma-iTg of tihe wh-le foresa one abt intricate impe?netra?.be scene. All was "of hushed as at ruidight. No bird enli the veand the -oliumde by its cris, and rn they had left ~ little szream. Sud .me dnly ter-e came a putf of air; hu it he 'rat like - e air f-rom the ja-v of a ,n. furnace, ho, dry, withering in its very = m .uach. The young settler looked quickly to i the dire~ion frita whenc- it came, \- and irnst:nt? shout-li to the cattle Le i"-e hnuim, in a wild, abrut,r, s *.?ding, !- sh!?utl sw?: aloft the stc- kwh;ip which l I beld in his shand, :.nd bL'. a-ht it s do:-n with' the re-,.r: (f a pistoL and :ir the- _Ip., ct as Wit'! a kniLe, on the ,. e-r of th"- hug bUnllo?: just before L- hn. The sto:k-whi'p with the harnle Le lr half-a-vard lo', and a thong of I three vards longi of plaited bullock -e hide. is a teS-i:-ble instrument in the rk hands of a p.reti.sed stockrnan. Its iound is the note of terror to the cattle ; e, it is like the report of a blunderbuss, s, and the stcr:kman at full gallop will ,e hit any given spat on the beast that he is within reach of and cut the piece re clean away through the thickest hide j that bull or bison ever wore. He will et strike a fly on any spot of the bullock to at full speed, and take awray the skin n with him, making the rosy blood spring e into the wind, and the astonished animal :1 s?r-t forward as if mad. t Inoud and louder, wilder and more re fiercely shouted the sa=.atter. and dashed ,, is horse forward over fallen trees;i \- through crashing thickets, first on one )f side of the road, and then on the other. C, Cck, crack went the stinling, slash 3 whip; loud was the bark of the dogs;: g and the mob of cattle rushed forwards is n' a h-ead2ong spe-ed. The young man h gazed upward, and through the onlyv , narrow opening of the forest saw strange It volumes of smoke rolling southward. I SifHotter, hotter, stronger and morem '~.esdiv, came the wind. He suddenly i a checked his horse, and listening grew f h pale at the sound which reached him. t It was a low deep roar, as of a wind in ' \- the tree-tops, or of a heavy water-fall, 1 r distant and smothered in some vert I . deep ravine. t et "God have mercy r he exchimed ; e i- "a bush fire !and in this thick forest !" I \- Once more he sprang forward, shouting, if thundering with his whip. He and e the herd were galloping along the nar- i f row, woody track. But as he hadi e t turned westward in the direction of his a home.the woods--of whichhehadbefore ! t seen the boundary-now closed for some g e miles upon him ; and, as he could not n 'turn rizht or left for the chaos of vines t Ind scrub that obstructed the forest, , the idea of being overtaken there by V e the bush fire was horrible. Such an b I event would be death, and death only. t STherefore e ure'n : on his fl-in herd t e wIth d-?per-tion. Crack uD'n .c_- " o' I from hi= loro whrp r- - -" " e the hollo:r woos. The ea-:e- :-_--: a M-i rves red to hear the ct-mxn s sound., and sniff the now stro gy pet- ' certible smell of , urninr. The roa of i the fire cam-e louder, and ever and anon i hIseemed to swell and surge as if ul Ied on by a rouCh,risins blast. The he?r i was fierce and suffoating. The youngi e Ssouatrte's clo:bes clung to him with i rem.ng irspiraaion. The horses Sand cattle steamed and smoked with t honing heat. Yet onward, onward d r they da bed with lolling tongues. Sr,- a t cerer, specked with patches of foam on Shi dark, shining bod-y, seemed to gro h t furiously impatient of the obstruction tl I offered by the bullocks in his path _As t e his master's whip exploded on their I ; flanks, he laid back his earsers; and, with a f fla'rnin eyeballs and bared teeth, strove tl to trar them inhis rage. g e Robert Patterson knew that the ex traorsdinary heat and drought of the Ssummer had scorched up the grass- b \- the very ground; had licked up the h \- water from crab-hole, pool, and many a b creek ; had withered the herbage into a crisp hay, and so withered the foliage gi that you might crumble it between " I your fingers. The country seemed ti l thoroughly prepared for a conflagration, y and only required this fiery wind to send a blaze of extermination over the whole land. For weeks, na- months, l the shepherds and sawyers hd spoken i offires burning in the hills; and in the m I fer tree breaks of this very forest he had been recently told that the flames n \- had been observed in various directions ti burning redly by night. tl If the fire reached him and his h Sherd before they escaped into the open plains, they must be consumed like de Sstubble. The cattle began to show o signs of exhaustion, hanging out their at parched tongues, and panting heavily; ; the perspiration on himself and horse was dried up by the awful heat, and the dogs ran silently, or only whining n lowly to themselves, as they hunted every hollow on their way for water. Suddenly they were out in an open plain, yet with the forest on either hand, but at a considerable distance a t What a seene! The woods were al flaming and crackling in one illimita ble conflagration. The Rind, dashn.; B from the north in gusts of inconafi - ble heat, seemed to sere the very F-face and shrivel up the lungs. -The fire f leaped from tree to tree,~ flashing and roaring along with the speed and the 1i destructiveness of lightning. The sere to foliage seemed to snatch the fire, and m to perish in it in a riot of demoniacal m revelry. On it flew, fastas the fleetest horse could gallop; and consuming acres of leaves in a moment, still re mained to rage and roar amongst the 1 3 branches and in the hollow stems of ancient trees. The whole wood on the Y left was an enormous region ofintenJsest mt flame;s and that on the right sent forth the sounds of the same ravaging fires; bho hut being t9 windward, flames could not " ' be seen fof the reast clouds of smoke, ase mingled with.fiery sparks, whichl were wih rolled on the air. There was a sound ser as of thunder, mingled with the crash it's of falling trees, and the wild ciesc of boa legions of birds of all kindst, which fell day U~n, scorched and bhitk'ned and dead to the or _on- d. tad Once out upon this plain the cattle ing -ere speedily last in the blindiding ocean me of smoke, and the young settler, obliged ras to abandon them, made a dash onward ali- for his life. Now the flames came rae lad ing along the grass with the speed of ad- the wind, and mowing all smooth as a it pavement; now it tore furiously through a some near point of the forest, and flung pry burning ashes anul tangles of blazing dy bark upon the galloping rider. But se, Sorcerer, with an instinct more infal Le- lible than human sagaiity, sped on, g, over thicket, and stone, and fallen trees, xh snorting in the thick masses of smoke, it and stretching forward his gasping jaws ad as to catch every breath of air to sus he t?in impeded respiration. re When the wind veered, the reek dri .Ie yen forward, revealed a most amazing of scene. The blazing skirts of the forests; L- huge isolated trees, glaring red---stand ie ing columns of fire; here a'vast troop ts of wild horses with flying manes and e; tails, rushing with thundering hoofs ;:, over the plain ; there herds of cattle ill running with bloodshot eves and hang he ing tongues they knew not whither, c: from the fires; troops of kangaroos le leaping frantically across the rider's ill pth, their hair singed and giving out.: :k stronply the stench of fire; birds of all in kinds and colors shrieking piteously as g" they drove wildly by, and yet saw no f al spot of safety-; thousands of sheep standing huddled in terror on the Ss?-crched flats, with singed wool, de serted by their shepherds, who had fled Sfor their lives. e But onward flew the intrepid So-, cerer, onward stretched his rider, think . ing lightning-winied thoughts of home, ; anrd of his helpless, paralysed mother I, there. n With a caution inspired by former Soutbreaks of bush-fires, he had made at e come distance round his homestead a L Iarge circle. He had felled the forest i e trees. leaving only one here and there, Sat such distances that there was little i fear of ignition. As the summer dried ! L the grass, he had set fire to it on days i n when the wind was gentle enough to - 1, leave the flame at command; watchinug. Sbranch in hand, to beat out any blaze that might have travelled into the for est. By this means he had hitherto , prevented the fire from reaching his homestead, and he had strongly recom- t I ended the same plan to his neigh Sbou-s, though generally with little 3 effect. Now the fire was so terrible, s and sparks flew so wide on the wind. e that he feared they might kindle the e grass round his homestead, and that he t might find everything and every person d i there consumed. t But, behold ! the gleaming. welcome v water of Lake Colac. Sorcerer rushed Ii Sheadlong towards it; and wading has tily up to his sides in its cooMing flood, S; t.. hrt hhead to the eyes into it. and i edrank as if he never could be satisfed t -s i - -,La the wnhole lake. End li .?'?_L , neL' t the Tene. would have r" uv mTnij f'r tthe Lf O r e :bt the she _ s-ed k-r w- best what he ne,- eas Sani &-' as likes him beet, and S1luc'i-.s G on it. Smong hin , sh-3 rider t lets him drink his filL and all goes well. h b The heat produces perspiration, and the tl ,evaporation cools and soothes him. P Sobert Patterson did no: lose a moment in following Sorcerer's example. He flung himself headlong from the saddle. h dreed as he was, dived, and splashed and drank exuberantly. He held again ai and again his smarting face and singed al hands in the delicious water; then d threw it over the steed, that now, sa- E tiated, stood panting in the flood. He laved and rubbed down the grateful t animal with wave after wave, cleaning P the dried perspiration from every hair, h giving him refreshment at every pore. t, Then up, and away again. tl He had not ridden two hundred yards u before he saw, lying on the plain, a i horse that had fallen in saddle and bridle, and lay with his legs under him, i e and head stretched stifi- forward, with o glaring eyeballs, but dead. Near him 0 was a man, alire, but sunk in exhaus- - tion. His eyes turned wildly on the c young squatter, and his parched lips el moved, but without a sound. Robert Patterson comprehended his need, and t h running to the lake, brought his panni- t, kin full of water, and put it to his tI mouth. It was water of life to him. i a] His voice and a degree of strengthnu came quickly back. He had come from 1s the north, and had ridden a race with m the fire, till homrse and man had dropped here, the horse never to rise again. Bti oi Patterson's need was too urgent for in delay. He found the man had no lack i of provisions; he carried him in his - arms to the margin of the lake, mounted I b and rode on. m As he galloped fosard, it was still fire, fire everywher. He felt con- am inced that the ofillagration--fsnned th by the strong wind, and acting upon th fires in a hnundi?ed quarters-extended th over the whole of the rsun-dried colony. [a It was still early noon when, with straining e-es and a heart that seemed at almost to stand still with a tprrible m anxiety, he came near his own'home. oa He darted over the brow of the hill-- fit there it lsy'fe ! The circle within ut his cla) undarywas uutouched by the u, fire. There were his paddocks, his , cattle, his huats, and home. With a p lightning thought his thanks flew up th to heaven, and he was the next io- J, ment at his door, in his house, in his p1 mothler's arms. to th Well "Posted.P"--The telegraph. em Why is a firmer like a chJicken t--- bt Because he delights in a full crop. gI Advertising for a situation, a man in it 'ewport explains, "Work is not so se. much an object as good wages." A resident in Nhew York said, on 1, bh~asd a ferry-boat the other morning. doa "M3Iy opinion is that my temperance ga ;sred my lifo, If I'd a drunk the th whiskey this morning into which our a:s senannt girl put strychnine last night, n it's doul,tfil if I'd a been on boarnl this boat at this time, or any other future hh: day." art 