It will be well, we think, if the shareholders ' in Abe P«nce; «f Wales Company, -Sebaste- pol, give e cordial greeting to the circular which they have just received from the legal manager tooching the present con dition and fhtnre fate of that mine. This areolar asts the shareholders to promptly . pay op thetlast call -of one shilling a share, 1 in order-that '-wort 4n "the-gronnd may be proceeded with, and that no such stopddibg and loss to Ahe district may occur as the stoppage of -this mine right in the teeth, as ' it were, -of payable quartz. Mr TathaM ex plains the eitaation thns. He says that " for «ght months prior fb the stoppage of the quartz workings, the quartz averaged 13 dwt 18 gr to the too, .yielding a profit daring that time of £5009. This stone was obtained from the deepest levels then opened -op, and it was decided to sink the main shaft to a farther depth of 300 feet, which has i since been accomplished. At this level, nearly 700 feet, there is a large body of fftobe to work. A main drive has been carried in a disfanwi of 735 feet from the main shaft, and a rise has been pot -op to connect this with -the upper quartz workings. This is just finished ; the old workings aoe found to be in good order, and the ventilation is perfect. It is anticipated that crashing will be resumed in a short time, say a month at farthest. To enable the directors to prosecute the works, it ia absolutely aiecessary that the last call of Is per share ehoald be promptly paid, otherwise they wK be compelled to stop the works within sight. of payable quartz." Now . we are quite willing to admit that the imagination is occasionally- drawn upon by some sAng managers in order to keep dp the confidence of shareholders, and that, as a sequence, such circulars, as the aoe we have just quoted, frequently evoke more con temptuous smiles than earnest thought or hearty co-operation. Bnt this much has to be said in favor of Mr Tatham's deliverance. All he asserts is capable of easy verification or denial, by an examina tion of the past operations in this mine, and a view, of the present state of the workB. " What, therefore, Mr Tat ham urges, it seems to us, may safely be accepted as a sound description of the present pro spects of this mine ; otherwise, he would not have tbe hardihood to make the state- - ments which we have here reproduced." Accepting this conclusion, then, as the basis for a few remarks, we cannot help thinking that the ahareholders in the Prince of Wales - Company will show a marvellous amount of indifference to their own interests, if they do not give a cordial response to Mr Tatham's circular. That gentleman shows that tbe mine is now opened up sufficiently well to prove whether the quartz — of which there is an abundance in the claim — are pay able or not ;' and surely, then, this is just the very time when extra vigor should be in fused by the shareholders into its develop ment, so as to ascertain whether a re turn to" dividends -can be secured, or, on the other band, whether it would not be wise, after giving the stone a fair trial, to abandon fhe mine as a worthless and worn-out investment. But to do the -lather before the value "of tbe stone, which is but a continuation of what was formerly worked so profitably above, has been dearly ascertained, would certainly amount to a species of financial and mining suicide, which we trust never; to aee realised -.in this district." Ether tbe stone is worth working or it is not. If the former be the case, then the shareholders would be catting their own tiiroate by withdrawing from the mine at tins particular juncture. If: the latter be the case, a Yery little sacrifice on their part just now would establish the fact, and they could then withdraw from the .venture, satisfied in their .own minds that they bad draw all they could to win a return for their money, -and that -they bad left- nothing behind them for some subsequent company to; come in and obtain, as it were, at their expense. . To'wHhdraw from the mine at' this moment, tbeh, seems to us to be a most miserable aadj mistaken policy, and -one which, we trust, will opt be thought of by the shareholders . for a ' moment. A great deal depends upon tins lode receiving 4 fair trial, and although we wiOingiy admit thatthe futnreof acfistricthas litde to do with shareholders in one particular mine, still It is an element which the holders of shares iu the; Prince of Wales Company may welt and thoughtfully reflect overin view of the money which they have already invested amongst us. If the stone in this mine should be found payable, renewed exertions wffi be made by the companies cn the Sevastopol ptatean-to trace its continuati n, andinthe event of. success rewarding .these efforts, the Prince of Wales .Company "wquld share with othere in the profitable meults then jachieved. It. is well known that rdmdst insnmerable quartz lodes grid iron 5tiie we6tefu platean, iand not one of, these, raeEs bas y redaved a fair trial. In- ; asmorti, titen,as go6d stope has actually - hem jEcvad |b tfte SRSIeh ground, i and that further research shows that there is plenty more of it to be won for a little out- , lay, it wodld be as deplorable in the interests of this town for this venture to be aban- ' doned now, as-such a fate would show a great sacrifice on the part of the shareholders, if, as . we firmly , bdBeve, Mr Tatham's circular : may be accepted as a piece of sterling, and therefore rcsEabie,; information. ./Under all the (srcnmshances here set forth, then, we trust Mr Tatham's appeal to the share- , heddera will be crowned with success., .A. further outlay of a trifling character will solve ' the 'qnartz problem iu 'the Prince of Wales mine -one .way. or the .other, and _,the shareholders will therefore fall into a grave commercial 'error, if 'they do _not promptly supply him and the directors with the little money thai- is required to -jwrk out this Rotation. - This ; will be more ' particularly -the case in; view of tbe facts already shown. Hie -shaft has been sunk an extra 300 feet with this ob ject inview; a costiy drive has been put in to -reach "the lode, and payable quartz is now exposed in the face ready to be transferred \- to the crushing battery, if the money re quisite forthe purpose be only forthcoming ' at this juncture. Everything, therefore, points to tbe desirability of the shareholders paying tip the last call made "in this com pany, andintheir-also doingthisas speedily ss possible. Is anything -to be done 'in Ballarat- on behalf of the -connections of those who lost their lives by the wreck of the Gothenburg ? We read -that nine wives and thirty-three children have been left- destitute . by the loss of the crew alone. Nearly fifty bread-winners perished by the disaster outside of -the crew, -and though the fauiily connections qf a number of these -unfortunates are already - provided Tor, the large majority of them, are left in a totally -different situation. Hfilp has already been started ,in Melbourne, and we' feel satisfied that Ballarat will do something towards swelling the amount- -that will be raised in the metropolis for this - purpose. No doubt the -country districts are -a -little -sore with Melbourne for the cold shoulder -it turned to the sufferings -and loss -entailed by -the bush-fires of the month before 'last. , Scores of families' — mot in Ballarat, -be it -remembered — were -reduced :to the -utmost penury by those cata- etropbes, and Sffel bourne -made no effort to relieve that distress.; .indeed, it seemed -rather to "look -upon" -those.' sufferings as a good joke, or, at ail events as -a - -something" ' ' -wbi<A; did Sot - dtrectly- coucern its people. But' the country dis tricts, we . hope, will , have, compassion on the sufferers" by the wireck of the Gojhqu- burg, M-twithstaodHig the -begiect of the. metropolis to -the tieams upon; the public charity which arose -in -the ' country ifis- tricrts -devastated oBr -that ' occasion. A wreek a£ sea is like a -series of calamities arising oat of bush-fires pa land. It is a . nation A qoestion, -which .applies to the whole ; eowHnmulymd to whhfii-th&efore; the whole -commnnity should- substantially "respond. W« belie oe Ballantt agi view the lobs <tf the Gothenbarg in this rit, and therefore ..we . shah be glad , to see ..a- move-made to BuppieBMffit Ae funA wtech is'how being raised for -the. sufferers Ay contributions from tiae town and district The S4ut XYodleu Compay is meeting with plenty of snnoraa. It bu entesely ran out of shawls, anff ssdeefl, not to (Sssppoiut its cus tomers, has sent oat oil itc samples, lthuoria for 400 or SOS stfll rauotisfied, bet this difficulty will soon be got over skra the new machinery is set in motion. Use large stock trf tHaimri fa tbe company's stoees is -Saappearing like snow iu spring, as the drapers are laying i&qye; stocks of Ballarat Assort for the winter aeasoo. Three extra handdootas were ordered from a Ballarat builder on Saturday. All mtsnfacfaang work was stopped on TSioraday rtgfat, in -order to take down tbe aid and erect the new engfae. .'This latter has been ray creditably manufactured by Messrs Walker, Hickman, and Col, of -Dnraunood street; and will work op to 130 fa- Bcated horse power. The design is by lb- P." -Matthews, an engineer of this town. Work It is hoped wffi be reremed by the 30th iaataat, vhre tkbsew engine will be called upon to drive all the manufacturing machinery whidi has beea recently erected, and for wbich tbe old engine was not powerful mnamjA After work recommences, the company trill have a good supply of tweeds, shawls, and flannel run off as speedfly as possible. Tbe new engine will be able to drive three times the weight cf manu facturing machinery there is now on the works, so that another stoppage for the erection of another engine is not likely to occur for a very long time to come. We believe it is intended to hare some sort of a celebration at the works when the new engine is ready few a start. -Mr Morrison, secretary of the Ballarat Agricul tural and Pastoral Society, -was in attendance at Craig's hotel on Saturday, receiving entries of grain and miscellaneous exhibits for the.sbov.to be brtd oc Thursday next. The number of ent ries no far is satisfactory, but Mr Morrison, according to usual custom, wffl receire them up to Wednes day nert, the day before the she jr. The right to the publican's aad refreshment booth -was sold by auction" by Mr Kelly at noon on Saturday, and knocked down to Mr Pobjoy, host of the Southern Cross hotel, at £5 5a. A second omnibus has just been completed by Mr i. M-Cartney, of Mair street, fa tbe order of H. A. Crawford and Co., mail contractors between Wodongs and Albuiy. It is a handsome vehicle, well put together, neatly painted, substantially supplied jjth springs, and standing On good high and durable wheels. It will carry fifteen passen- . |ers, and is provided with ample accommodation ; or the mail bags and luggage. It will be dispatched by train to-day for Wodongs, and as soon as it arrives .at itB destination will "be put on the road to do the work for which it has been constructed. Mr M'Cartnev excepts an order from Messrs Crawford A Co. for four more of these busses, which the firm find can be mote cheaply and elegantly constructed in Ballarat than in . their own large works at Albury. Hie committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Sodetj intend patting fa their daim to the Ministernf Agriculture for die holding of die national show fa Ballarat this year, it being seven years since a national show was held fa Ballarat. The Bonshaw freehold was sold by auction by- Mr James Oddie, at Craig's hotel, on Saturday. The freehold consists of about £70 acres, fenced, with a road running pa«t it. The first bid was £3 an tare, which advanced to Si, mad st £4 Ss 6d the hammer feU to the nod of Mr Thos. Booike; who, however, did oat complete the purchase, as be said he was only bidding far 100 acres,. The lot was put op again, and "this time a boua-jide par-chaser was found in Mr Jenkin Thomas, of SebastqppL at £2250, or £4 per acre. The auctioneer-stated there were some heaps of valuable Laffihgs on fhe ground, far which good offers .hod beea mode by Chinamen ; but Mr Thomas intenda .auldng use of the land for other than mining purposes, and 'wil! let The tagfags remain nnffirtnrhsdT) . _ ( . -We cannot but conrider -the rasult bf thbTas- rnanian match a featberin tiie cap of the B.C.C. Without diqntrang the cridtrting abilities oflthe viriting eleven, it Is beyond doubt, that the victory ; was an easy one. TTie hatting,- particnlarly on Batnrday, was by no means saeh as the iocal men bad been led to expect ; and that the latter showed wdi in the field, any cricketer win be able to ascertain from the detailed acme which we give - to another colnmn. On Wednesday, tile Ballarat rtnb will try ooadaaions with Soath Afelbonrne. Many of - OCT readers will be glad to learn that Mr Thomas Hastie, son of the Rev. T. . Hiaatie, -of Bnninynpg, passed -Vthe-e recond year -in -medicine for the degree -of M.B. at the recent Melbourne University examination. Also, that Mr B. F. Russell, son of the Rev. G. J. RusseQ.-Bttiiaiyang, passed the fifat -year in arts for the 'degree of BA. This young "gentlpjrnan passed in Greek, Latin, algebra, geometty End trigonometry, upper mathematics, and logic. "The passing m these subjects entitles him to be classified in second honors trader tbe Department of Educs- . tion also. Mr Russell passed with credit at the ma triculation examination,, Melbourne Unirmity, October term 1870, passing well in Eudid, Latin, French, and English. We regret fa learn that Mr Gaunt, P.M., is con fined to his bed with a large carbuncle in the neck. A present of a brace of English pheasants has ; been received far the <3ty Gountal from Mr Hsd- i denberry, curator of the Gertong Botanical Gardens. The pheasants will be added to the collection of i birds, &c;_ iu ear own gardens; " t- X,ittle anticipating a curtailment of the Govern ment subsidy — effected through some occult cause the Public Library committee has just made an addition of nearly 500 vols, to -the hook stock. This comprises some of the most recently published works, as Earl Russell's K BecoOections," Living stone's Last Journals," Martin's "Life of the Prince Consort." Princess Uchtenstrtn's "Hot- land House," Winwood Bad's " Ashsntee Cam- paign" aod " Uuttrdon of Mao,1 Schweinfortu fi " Hrt of Africs, Speocser'a "Sociology,' Cawns "Politictl Ecomhdv/ proaoc- tions of the standard noTdxsts. It is hoped that the puUic sill support tte -effort the eom- mittrc, ipptrcntlf nnipprrriitfii by Ae.8offcu tnenf, as evidenced by the osnal grant "being cur- A named James Thompson mtsted earl j y efiterd a j mormn g, an d lodged inffiBistoo lock-up. charged with having assaulted a woman n»r)M Htrript Williams with itjtent.tQ .commit s rape. He will be brought up attire "Town Police Oooat this morning. The adjourned meeting in connection with the Eight Honrs Anniversary waheJd at the Buck's Head hot on Saturday evening,-" vben the follow ing business vras transacted, viz. : — That the anni versary should take the shape of a picnic at the "RmIImi-mJ- RflTmiflal fkidens on the 21st April; also, h»t the genenl committee and persons fa vorable meet every evening at the Buck's Head, tn ypflgyp fPffwimmdnioM ind assistance in carry-- mg oat the demonstration. " The teachers of Ballarat and surrounding dis trict held their antraRl picnic on Saturday, in the reserve at Piocotte Dam, vnch having been kindly placed at their disposal by the Water Commission. The occasion hrouebt about sixty members of the profession together, many coming fittm .a consider able distance, and throughout the day the greatest cordiality and good fellowship was observable- As tbe day was all that could be desired for out-door amusements, cricket, croquet, archery, and dancing on the green were indulged in, and all . present: appeared to enjoy themselves thoroughly. Host' Ward supplied the creature comforts,' and gave entire- satisfaction in Ids department, both dinner and tea having been served up iu tbe Leigh Creek schoolroom, which is close by. A number of toasts, including "The Queen." "The Minister of Edu cation." " Tbe Hon. G.-Higinbotham, the teachers' friend," "The Ladies," "The Committee of Ma nagement," were duly proposed and responded to, aud a dance in the schoolroom after tea brought a veiy pleasant day to ahappy termination, when a return to town was made. The report of the committee of the Melbourne Athenaum far 1874 is received. . Weare asked to atstetliat MrT. Rogers' drapery estabtitinnent will be -closed to-day, owing fatle death of his youngest daughter. 'S. Circulars have been received in Ballarat, notify ing that an excursion by steamer- will take . place qn the 3lst instant, -from. Melbourne to Portsea, of the commercial travellers eonaiected with the wine, spirit, and brewing trades of the metropolis. What ever surplus remains over and above expenses-will be presented to the Licensed Victuallers' Assheia- tion. We have received the Iftsstrdied Australia Noes for March. - It contains a number of in teresting illustnLtions, not the least being views of tbedoss of tbe Gothenburg, the inauguration of the StsweB waterworks, and a sketch of the sub- -mhreion of tbe mountain chiefs of Fiji to tbe repre sentatives of the British Goveriiment. Mr Henrj IJavies. of the Ballarat .Orphan Asyluih, writes to us 'as followg tl-" I bore been, requested to convey (through your columns) the best thanks of the committee .of managemrtfE to Messrs Broun, Little,-- West (senior and jumor), Brown, Kent, Cadden, and Sim, for tbeir kiod atid valuable twicesatthe cbtidrec's concert in aid of the Orphan Asylum on Friday last. Of course, Mr Johns will receive- a special vote -of thanks when die resuh of' the estatBinment is ascer- Mtoi - The Ber. T. Piper "will deliver a lecture this evening, arthe Bible Christian Church, Armrtrotqj street, on " Earthquakes and; Volcanoes"." The lecture will be commenced at haif-paet seven, and SL small charge of 6d win be made foradotisstoa. Mr John Lombard,"manager of the Bank of Aus tralasia, has been appointed a trustee of Ihe Balla- nat Savings Bank, rice Mr B. W. Morrah, resagned. Belief was afforded at the Ballarat Bencroknt Asylum last week to lliSRieraous, of whom 516 were children- . _ . -The bowling cotUefafaMfagold medal presented hf Mr- Johnson came to a close on the Eastern green on Saturday, when the trophy was won by Mr Ji-Intjre, who had to beat most of the old prize-winners before he eonld regard the medal as bis own. Mr M'lntyre now intends tn offer an other gold medal for cooapetftioB. The prizes offered this season been numerous mid vain- able; the play aS round has been excellent, and the green certainly was never in such fine condi tion as at present — the thick velvety sward reflect ing great credit upon the curator. David 14 -Guinness, sixteen years of age, and residing at Bnllarook, was admitted to the District Hopital on Saturday, suffering Horn fracture of the left upper arm. While the tad (wbo is em ployed at Brown and Biddle'a saw-mills) was get ting over a fenee on Thursday last, he slipped and fell on his arm. The Grand Lodge of the Order of St, Andrew (Scottish Constitution) held their annual meeting ' at the Cumberland hotel, Castiemsine, on . Tues day and Wednesday; the Grand ' Master (Br A.' Young) prestdicg. About thirty>five brothers ! were presen t, representing tbe several lodges. Tbe statement of receipts and disbursements showed a very moderate expenditure for management; and only £100 for funeral donations, daring 1874; the amounts to credit of the funds at close of year being— Sick fond, £1304 15s 3d; incidental fund, £350 2s 4d ; general funeral fund, £512 16s 4d — total, £2169 13s 114 These figures show a very respectable total for a society comparatively limited fa tbe number of its members, and barely four years established. Tbe auditors were very laudatory of the care and attention which had been bestowed on the books and accounts, as well as tbe abstract of the annual returns from lodges. In the evening the members of the Grand Lodge were entertained at dinner' by the brothers of the Caledonia Lodge. The dinner was served fa host" Br MGregor'» best style, and gave great satisfaction. The second day was cbiefly oe- copied with discussions on the amendments in the laws as sent in by the laws revision committee, which, with some very slight and immaterial altera- tions, were agreed to. exceptthe proposed gsoeral sick fund, which waa postponed. The foUmring officers were duly installed for the ensiling twelve months t — Grand Master, Br John Bell, of Beudigo Lodge; Deputy Grand Master, Br Adam M'Pbereon. of "Caledonia Lodge; Grand Treasurer, Br R. Shirra, of Gertong Lodge (fourth election); Grand Secre tary, Br W. Henderson, of Ballarat Lodge (fifth election); S.G.W, Br Alex. Beli, of Waverlcy Lodge; J.GLV, Br G. Pender, of Balmoral Lodge; S.G.T., Br Griffiths, of Caledonia Lodge; J.G/T-, Br G. Speedie, of Inglewood .Lodge; anditots, Bra Troup and Cameron, of Ballarat Lodge. .'The E-C. were instructed to prepare some suitable re cognition of the services of Br Young as G.M. for nearly two yean. s An advertisement in another colnmn notifies that a strike has occurred among the miners at Malmsbtuy. A rather extensive bnshfire (says die Gdmg Advertiser) broke oat at Mount Mercer on Toes day last, by means .of which three farmers, Messrs Jackson, Vernon, and Liego, lost fencing and grass "valued at about £500; Mr Jackson being the heaviest loser of the three. A man named Biggfas accuses himself of having been the cause- of the fire on Tuesday, and went to Mr Jackson fa a terrible state of mind about it, saying be mustgive himself up to the police, 4c. Mr Jackson advised itim, howerer, oot to do siuy- thing so foolish, as,botbhe (Jackson), Vernon, and Liego, hod been burning -grass about the date men tioned, and for all they knew . it might.be one of them' that bad 'caused tbe conflagration. It need frartly be added, this kfad Sdrice was gratefully accepted and acted upon. ' A deputation coosisting of a nnmber of reri- dents Sripton,"accompanied by Mr Russell, waited on Mr Ramsay (says the Age) on Friday, for tbe purpose of asking the Government oot-to cany out the contemplated alterations in'- the postal arrangements of the locality mentioned; "t has been proposed to" have but three postal de-1 fareriee at Ekipton each week, fastead of daily, as hitherto. Tt was suggested that a car, carrying tbe mail for Slriptoo, ahonld run every day from Linton, cas,jheae places ore but rteven miles apart. It was submitted that the expense would be only nomfoaL Mr Ramaav promised fa- make the necessary enquiries, and if be foand that the arrangement would pay he would endeavor to have it carried but i Police court proceedings ere rare in the annab of King's Island," ana" perhaps (adds the Argus) the first magisterial investigation ever hdd there took place in the beginning of the present week. It arose out of the allqted pillage of goodsfrom the wreck of the barque Btcncathra, -particulars of which have been already given. The enquiry was opened at Currie Harbor, before Mr Bernard Sha w, magistrate of Tasmania. Greet difficulty sos ex perienced in finding one of the accused parties, Charles Wishart, and after a vigorous search had been made for about five days, he was apprehended at a distance of eight miles from the camp by Chief- constable Simpson, who had some previous know ledge of the island. At the dose Of the enquiry tbe prisoners. Hind and Wisbart, were folly com mitted to Latmceston gaol for trial before the Supreme . Court of Tasmania. The prisoners Cbtxles Wishart and Charles Hind were lodged in the Swanston street iock-up on Friday, for safe custody ea route to Launceston. Under the head of " Official Insolence," we find the following in the Bendiao Advertiser " It was stated the other day in these columns that two ladies, having business to transact at the" local post and telegraph office, had been insulted. An en quiry into the matter, was subsequently held by Captain Bance, R-N- inspector of the department, with the result, we now learn, that the official in question has been severely censored, and informed that a repetition of the offence wfll he followed by his removaL It is to be hoped (adds our contem porary) that the prompt and demrive action of the Postmaster- General will have its tipe effect opon those servants of the Government;-W:bo, like the one in question, presume npon.their.position to be insolent send overbearing. A preliminary meeting of gentieruen who desire to provide the means for sending Master Kruse to \- Germany, to obtain a musical education. -was held (6avs the Age) on Friday, iu the mayor's room.at the towp ball His Honor Judge Barry presided. \- Mr Julius Hera stated that the remarkable talent" for music manifested . by Master Kruse had sug gested to himself and others, the- desirability of sending him to' Berlin, where he could study- under that great musician. -Joachim. The esti mate of tbe amount required' for his education, .maintenance, . and expenses at. Berlin, for three years, was £300, and another £100 would be -ne cessary for the voyage to Europe and return. How to raise the £400 was the' question ; and whether, by a concert or concerts, at which ail the musical profession would give their services gratuitously, or by a subscription, or perhaps by both. Some dis cussion easued, and it was teen agreed that a grand vocal and instrumental concert should he' given in the town hail on Saturday, the 10th April, and that the mayor act as treasurer to the fund, and Mr Hera as secrrtaiy. Adrcnlar was adopted, and ordered to be printed and forwarded to gentle men who would probably assist, and tee meeting then adjourned. On Tuesday last a farmer named R. Desmond, residing at Sandy Creek, Elphinsronp, was in a few moments (says the If. A. if ail) reduced from a competence to comparative poverty by a fire. . While engaged threshing his wheat on tee farm he observed the house to he fa flames, and before it could he extinguished the dwelling audits contents were destroyed, as also thirty bags of oats, a stack -of straw.--and a quantity of harness, with dray. 1 The fire extended to the bush, and ravaged an area of about a utile, destroying grass and fences. A monster boar pig was slaughtered on Friday at IVau's butchering e3tablitement, Castlemaine. -The animal (ssyB the ALA-" Mail) measured from tip of tee snout fa. the root of tee tail 10 feet 6 inches, and in gn-th 6 feet 5 forties ; when standing on its legs it was 3 feet 10 inches high, and weighed upwards of 7 cwt. It was bred in the neighbor hood of Castlemsfoe, and.two years old A -most diabrtrealattempt-aturarder (writes the Huntly correspondent of the Beudigo Advertiser) was attempted here on Wednesday night last on a young man named EauL. Faul was going to his .home, near the Deep Lead hotq from the direc- . tion .of the Bendigs -Creek, and when near the . workings ofthe old Cambridge Company he heard a report, aad felt ins hat lifted off his head fay a bullet from what he supposes to he a revolver. At the same moment he saw a flash from the firearm, and hastily picking op his .hat, he returned bate the way he; came, instead of- going home. Upon erarmnfog his hat the bullet mate ni plainly visible, entering on the right side, just below the -crown, and pasting out- near the middle erf the crown aMhe top. He says be bos no suspicion of any one, and cannot make out tbe reason, as he has never given any one reason for such an attempt on his life. The next day he went to the spot with tee police, and on measuring the distance from sitae the shot was fired, itwas found to be. about 8 yards.'. "The" revolver eras apparently fired from brtund a hush, and tee person firing it must have . heen fo a sitting or stooping posture. ;7: ' - The manager of the Anstraijan Mortgage Land and Finanoe Company informs tbe-Lroas that he has received a telegraphic message from London, quot ing wool prices firmer. Greasy had advanced Id. . Jast on ooe thousand tives (says tee IkfeyropI) were snatched away in the month of January in tbe city of Melbourne and suburbs alone. The. official returns give the exact number as 992, and tins is no less than 555 above tee average of the Jast ten years. Sons trokes,- heat, and dyeentery oonscquent.au heat, and the meaties epidemic, all worked together to swell the return to its startling proportion. Last week, for the first time for a long while, the death-rate has sufficiently sunk Jo allow the births to exceed the deaths in a small ratio ; tee numbers are — Births, T65 ; deaths, 129. An interview (says tee Age) took place on Friday between Mr Ramsay and Mr Burnt, Post master- General of New South Wales — Mr Lamb- too, the secretary of tbe Post Office, Sydney, befog also present — with a view to inducing the Govern ment of tins colony to afford facilities for tee more rapid transmission of letters and. newspapers ar riving by the Sties eud, and intended for the aster colony. After considerable disenstion a satisfactory arrangement was proposed and agreed to. The particulars will not be given publicly until the scheme has been ratified by the respective i -Governments. At the" same interview Mr Ramsay and Mr Bunts agreed to establish commercial re lations between the money ordor offices of New South Wales aad Victoria. Another shocking death by bunting is reported by tee A'ortS Eastern Ensigu to have occurred, the victim befog the wife of a selector named Sawyer, whb occupies land at Wfoton. The. unfortunate -woman was Iightinga fire at the foot of a tree in order to obtain . the honey from a bee's nest by smoking the insects out. when. her clothes canght "fire and woe burnt off ber body before assistance could he rendered. She waa. taken to the Wan- garatta Hospital, and expired at that institution on Tuesday last without recovering consciousness. Tbe following has been translated from a French journal by a correspondent of the Talbot Leader: — " Paris, 8th November. — A'remarkable funeral took place tee other day. An American dwarf who called himself ' Commodore Nutt, who teed here a few days ago, was taken to his fast resting. place, the chief mourners being the members of the American show in which he had been exhibiting. First came a giant, « little over 7 feet high (the celebrated Chug); next, the travelling agent of Commodore Nott ; ' then an American of the name <4 Gibhs, and known as ' The Skeleton ; after winch, a woman with three arms ; and last, hat not least, four trained ' dogs, the intimate friends of the ' Commodore,' who would not appear in -public without them. All the mourners were deeply affected, especially the giant. After the funeral s great crowd had gathered outride the churchyard, and the police, fearing a disturbance, hired cabs and persuaded- the -mourners to drive singly and unobserved to their homes." 