ILLAWARLRA. CiAPTERI V. Thoe Experiencesof an'i"Enigrant Melchaniic" S -His sketch of lllawarra-A bush fire-Descent of the Pass--erraghity's -hlut-Routo to the Lakoe-A cabbage . tree bridge-Slab asplitting-) aunver, , pork, and tea, with variations--En camnpment in the thick "bush" lain, and its pleasuresU-" Companions in Solitude --The homesteiad--Tlhe sawyer and his boys-Lords of the Forest-- Planking-" Solid-eyo-ball ing"-and counter joys. ( CI ontinued.) " Tmr Australian twilight is short; and it was now become almost dark, Happily, we had but a short way to travel beforo r'deaching our resting- place for the night, We were now on that flat, bordered on the one side by the sea, and on the other linmi tod by the mountain, which I have already mentioned as being the Illa-Warra district : and at this particular point it is scarcely a gunshot across, Consequently, we could hear ,the measured wash of the snea die. tinctly through the solemn stillness of the evening forest, A feeooling of breathless awe steals over the spirit in traversing these grand and solitary forests, amidst the thick oning obscurity of evoning : and,'buoyant as my spirits then were, I could not help being sensible of this influence, Suddenly the quick, cheerful bark 'of a dog startled the echoes; and in alothor instant a voles of Irish accent called him back, as ho came bounding towards us, from round the cor nor of a square, low building, that was just discornible in the dark. A fow more steps, and, turning the corner of this building, we Sstood at the dtor of the settler's hut, where we wore to stop for the night. It was one Sof those huts which mustnbo ranked among the remarkable objects of Australian life. Situated on some-main track, but alono -in midst of the wilderness, one of these little "cribs" necessarily becomes the nightly rendezvous of nunbors of wayfarers, If the travellor have no food with him, a share of what there is is always flreely offered him: whether any romuneration is given, depends entirely upon the oircumstances and disposition of the parties. If he bb a poor man, whose hut the wayfaring public has thus invested with the dignity of an Inn, persons in good circumstances always inake him some iresent for the accommo dation ; if hlie be a settler in tolerably good .circumstaices, who is thus situated, remu neration is not thought so imperative ; but in either case, if the travellor be a'poor man, hlo is wolomed to whatover there may be, aiud nothing is expeooted from him lin return, The same hospitality is main tained in accommodation for rest, Those who have a blanket with them con tributo it to the getioeral stook ; those who havy none lhave cilual share with thoseawho have. Those customs lead very naturally to a great degree of frankness and cordial ity among the persons, most of whom are thus mooting for the first time ; and the evenings therefore, are. for the most Spart spont in choorfuil conversation and merriment, "Suclh ie this sospeet wore our nigit's .quarttrs, The hut was wolJ built of-slabs, * pllt out of fino, straight-grained timber, with hardly a splinter upon them; and eonslstoedof soveral compartmonta, all on tIe ground flooe, This only windows wore squmare holeosisiq te sies of toe hut i amid a lo~ l log fire wvn blaltng in tho ,ohimipy, On stools, and benches, and blocks about the lt, sat a ]host of wayfarers like our selves; and seyeral lay at their case ill corners on their saddleclothls, or blankets; whilst saddles and packs of luggago were heaped up oni all sides. Supper was over, and the short pipes were funning away ini all directions. Our hosts were two Irisluonen, inamed Gerraghbty, brothers, who had got a little bit of good lind cleared hereinthelo wil derncess, and did not refuse to anybody food rand shelter for the night. They soon put down a couple of quartpots of water before the blazing fire, made us sonme tea, and set before us the usual faro, a piece of fine corned beef, and a wheaten cake bailted on tho hearth. And.here I should inform the reader how a "damper" is mIade. Flour is mixed up merely with water, and clneaded for albout a couple of minutes; the dough is then flattened out into a cake, which shouldl never be miore than. an inch and a lhalf or two inches thickl, and may be of any diameter required ; the ashes of tie wood whichl is burnt almost eoverywhlere in great profusion, owing to its plentifulness, are theln drawn oilff the hearth (for tihe fire is oli the ground, not in a grate) by a shovel; amd on the glowing, smooth surface tlhus exposed the cakelo is lightly doposited, by being held over it on the open hIauds, and tIhe hands suddenly drawn from under it. Tho red ashes are then lightly turned back over the cakelo with the shovel. In the course of twenty minuttes, or half an hour, on re moving the ashes, tlhe cake is found excel lently balted ; and with a light duster, or the tuft of a bullock's tail, every vestige of the ashes is switched ofl, and the cake, if the operations have bcon well colnducted, comnes to table as clean as a captain's bis cuit from a pastry-cook's shop. " Morrily sped.the couple of hours be twixt our arrfval and going to bed. One sang a song, another told somen tale of tmhe olden time, when but few White men woro in the Colony, another repeated the news he lid just heard of the bushrangoers, another described a now tract of land hle had found out for a cattle-run, and others con tmented themselves with that endless subject of dissertation among thIe colonists, the re lative excellencies of their working bul loclks. My share was to answer all tihe qucstions (rather all that were amiswerablo) which any and all thoughtproper to put to me, as to affairsin England; and to polcket with the best grace. I could (for the nmost of those. men had beeoon convicts) the jokes they not very sparingly, but I must say with very good ihumour, cut on me, for hav ing come to the Colony to 'imakle a fortuneo, or for being a' free olbject' (subject), or for hliing 'lagged myself, for fear the King should do it for me.' All these little mat tors notwithlstanding, time evolening passed away very pleasantly; if there wore many tlhings in those men whlich I could not ap prove, there was muchl more whiche I could not but admiroe. T''hero was a sort of manly indopenlence of dispositioet which seemed truthfulness and sinco!'ity at least among tlhemnsolves, Some time beforeo nmild nighlt, a gonoral collection of bedding was made, as usual; thIe customary belt of bed was formed all ncross the hut in front of thIe fireo; and. as the hut happened to be about 12 or 15 feeoot across, and we mustered nearly a man to each foot of the diamotoer, a Vory pretty row' of capless headsauad bare feet soon dis played themselves beyond the opposite ends of the blanloeting. On blazed the merry fire, inado up for the night: loud snored those who wore Ho disposed ; and louder grumbled, over and anon, those vho weror not .hitlheor nid thither bounclded and barkoed the dog around the hut, till he tlhought his master was asloeep, and could no longer take notice of his vigilanco; aind droeams came, and realities went; and mi - nmory had no more added to her task of ths day, "With the dawn, all was bustle, for Jome and Pat Gorraghty were early risors and hard worlers; * and, breaklfast over, fist one and then another of our nighllt eompanions starnt'oedl on theolr day's journeoy -most of thon going up the mountain we had come down, - " A few Imndred paces broughmtlDick and ine to the sea beach. * * Our 'all was dow for some miles a nlost: deli'ghitful one I here, weo kept the tido-wshoed sand; there, vwhero a lolng point shot outrinto the soea, we pnassd through, the grassyi bush noross the point to.the next beoah, At longth, we struck ontlrolyinto thob1ush,aldtravorsling the most novel lnd beautiful laleory, made our way toward thle Yal?e Lake.A In one spot, we camne suddenly on a lovely inatural meadow, in the midst of the tall, gloomy forest. So green was the sward, and so le vel the surface, that I could not,.for a long time, credit the assurance that it was not of artificial construction. It had obtained the nIame of 'Fairy Mcadow,'-origi illly, I believe, ' Faro's Meadow.' In other places, we passed along avenues overarchled with the boughs of trees and vines, so dense that no sunbeam lienetrated; tihe soil was damp, as in winter, and bare of all Ilherbage. " Here, for thle first time, I saw the lofty cabbiage tree, shooting ul) its slender barrel (seldom more than a foot inll diame taerl) to a height of.100 or 150 feet, and spreading out its umbrella- shapled top, which was swayed to and fro by every breeze. Some of the crCeeks we hadtopass were ratlher queer-looking places to be crossed by such bridges as alone offered themselves. Mullet Creek, where we passed it, must hIave boeenl nearly five-and-thirty feet wide: and the bridge was one of those sleonder cabbage trees grown onil the bank, ald flung, by some bushman, or Black, across the croelk, either to serve asa bridge, or, after extracting the inner part of the head, which is very similar, when dressed, to cabbago, and is a favourite article of food with mnapy. It was with no sliglht tropidation tlhalt I maLde my first attempt to walk 30 or 40 feet upon a small round surface, the mlliddle of which was curved down nearly to the creek's edge with its own weight merely-with the wvoight of a passenger it was actually under wator, two or three inches-and which, all the while, kept springing, and splashing, at o~very step taken. But as Dick, who was used to these feats, made his way across without expressing anly do{bt about my nerve, I had scarcely any alternative but to follow himn. Puolling off my boots and stoekings, I began to edge myself slowly nacross, sidoways, but I quickly found that would never do: Iwas nearly gone I when the thought struck me to imagine myself walking along the joist of an munboarded houso--whiolh I was pretty well used to and, following up the thloughlt by thle prao. tice, I stopped carelessly anld firmly on; only, the spot that was under water itl the middle ratlher baullked me. However, it was but . single stop; and I got tlnt oirvor quiokly, The agility and1111(1 ease with which tho Blacks trot across thoese cabbage-troee bridges is quiito astonishing ; oven the ginls, with: their pickanlinnies on their backs, seem to cross at their ease-land do did I myself soon. " ToWe now betook oulrselves to a narrow path, and, following it, at length alrived at acattlestation ona border of the lake. " * * As we came in sighllt of the hut, the dlogs gave thile alarmn(and the stockmanl be longing to tihe station came out, uand ]topt them off, while we got in. * * A good dinner of hot beeoof-steaks, broad, and tea was soon set beforoe us, * * "lThe last stago of my journey it is not my intention to describo minutely; my doing so would lead to too'exact an identi fication of the spot whlere it torminated, 11d the settler whose house I had undeFr taken to build. Suffice it, tlat that even ing we supped at the destined end of that jounloy"--[which I collect, from another passageo in thoe Book, to hIave boon some wheoro in the "Longbrush," behind Kiaina.] (To be Continued, ) SThio anme na Laleo llawarra, 