THE VICTORIA# LADIES' fiBfil C0LTDB4X. COVPAKT. The half-yearly meeting of the Victorian Ladies' Seiicultnral Company washeld*tthe Town-hall on Monday afternoon. Sir George Verdon was in the chair. ! The hon. secretary (Mrs. Grover) read the directors report as follows" We have the pleasure of submitting our report to the 'shareholders of the Sericultural Company for the' half-year ending May 3L 1675. We believe we may oongratuate the shareholders on the increased interest takeninsericol ture. That the industry is growing in pnbliR favour is evinced by the fact that correspon dence in reference to the subject, and in* quiries relative W it, are received not only from all parts of Victoria, bnt from New Zealand and- the neighbouring colonies. That application has been made to the Minister of Lands for a grant of land in eon* nezion with this pursuit, may also be taken as an evidence of the augmented popularity of this industry, and of the general with in its oltimateljvbeooming largely remunerative. The result of the education-this season has been satisfactory on the whole, bat it has necessarily been conducted on a compara tively small scale, as we regret to report that the trees transplanted to the com panyfs farm at Mount Alexander suffered considerably in removal, as well as from the extremely unusual severity of the season. We may. point oat that the weather was exceptionally severe, so that all kinds of fruit trees -suffered, and it was hardly to be boped that the mulberries, however hardy, wonld wholly escape, more especially being bat newly removed. The result is, however, so far reassuring, that we feel confident, when the trees are thoroughly acclimatised, we shall obtain as great a suc cess as has attended the' efforts of Miss Stuart, under whose superintendence Mrs Neill's farm at Corowa has returned so encouraging a result Daring this season the yield of grain from Corowa was very large, and the quality of the cocoons very superior. We have pleasure in farther swing that the same description applies to the cocoons and grain obtained from the company's establishment which have been forwarded to Europe. .We have to acknow ledge with the receipt of a quantity of cuttings, from excellent varieties of Italian mulbeny trees, presented by Mrs. Hugh Parker and the Hon. J. T. Smith, ILL. A. In reference to actual extension of cultivation, ire have to report that consider able additions have been made to the planta tions, grabbing and clearing having been ac complished, and planting actually in progress. A quantity of grain exported to Italy last year by some grower from one of these colonies proved a failure, through the con signors being ignorant of the proper mode of sending grain through the tropics in any season. This is entirely an Australian art, discovered by Mr. Charles Brady, of Antony, Tweed River, N.S.W., to whom this com pany is greatly indebted for the sale arrival of their grain in Italy in fust-class condition, owing to the treatment it received prior to the voyage. Through the failure of the grain sent from one of the other colonies the small silk fanneiB in Italy were disinclined to pur chase-any Australian grain. But that im ported by Mrs. Neill into Italy was examined by the Government experts at Rome, Padua, and Verona (thanks to a letter of introduc tion from H.R.EL the Duke of Genoa), and pronounced first- class by them, in which opinion they were confirmed by Domenibo Reglietto, an expert sent specially by the eminent firm of Malcolm Bros., of Venice. They state that our cocoons are of the finest quality, even, well-filled up, hard, and thick grained. These will always bring the highest price. The grain, in addition to be ing considered remarkably fine, was certified perfectly free from any disease. After these opinions were known numerous applications were made by several of the leadjng silk growers for grain, with whom satisfactory arrangements were made, Mrs. Neill herself, acting under the advice of Mr. Rawden Browne, of Venice, and Malcolm Brothers, resolved on remaining in Venetia ana educating some grain at a villa kindly lent her by Chevalier Ferrari for that purpose, and it will be seen by a late associated ptess telegram from Europe, dated May 29, that the grain had hatched, and that the worms are now past their second stage. This has created much interest in Italy, and has been brought under the notice of the Minister of Agriculture in Rome, with whom Mis. NeQl has had an interview on the subject She has also had the honour of being presented to H.R.H. the Princess of Italy, who takes a lively interest in everything pertaining to the colonies since the visit or her brother; the Duke of Genoa, to Australia. Last year in Italy was an exceedingly rood one for silk, consequently the prices are low, but such co coons as the company's were valued at the highest price, via, 22 francs per kilo. In concluding our report, we have to regret the untoward severity of the season alluded to elsewhere, which affected the newly-transplanted trees, and which was succeeded by the intense heat of last summer, when bush-fires were raging all round the establishment—at one time immi nently threatening its destruction. We are, despite these uncontrollable drawbacks, not only sanguine of ultimate success, but satisfied with the position of the company—for Mrs. Neill's reports- of the opinion of experts in Italy as to the quality of the grain and co coons exported from this colony are eminently satisfactory. Three directors—Mrs. Barker, Mrs. Macgregor, and Miss Wall worth—who retired by rotation, have been re-elected (without opposition), in accordance with the. pro visions of the Companies-Statute 1861— We have," kc. The balance-sheet showed the receipts to ' be:—Balance from previous half- year; £239 12s. dcL ; calls, £223; premiums. £14 3s. Ex penditure.—Wages, £115 2s. fid.; other ex penses, £235 3s. UnL ; balance in English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, £13716s. 3d. ; The Chairman congratulated the share holders upon the satisfactory state of things disclosed in the report The report apd balance-sheet were adopted, and the proceedings were closed with a vote. of thanks to the chairman. 