SHARK'S BAY AND NORTH-WEST PEARLING GROUNDS. [From oar Special Correspondent.] November 22.— It is now some time since I sent you notes from this place (Shark's Bay). I am sorry to report un favorably of the pearling, but such is really the case. A miserable existence can only be obtained here now. excepting perhaps in the instance of two or three very lucky camps who may have Malay and native helps. A small rush has. just been made to Herald Bight, round Peron Peninsula., if possible, with worse success : bnt I shall come to this presently. The Ivy was loading up shells when we visited her under this date, but I am afraid the speculation will not turn out a good one. The shells are not by any means the best that might have been shipped. There are. however, plenty of good shells here waiting ship ment, properly trimmed, cleaned, and packed, that wflL or would, realize £50 per ton at least From this place we followed the little rush to Herald Bight. Here we found some eight or ten cutters and schooners, the crews suffering from want of provisions, and, what is far worse, want of water. The water here was positively no better than sea-water, and the pearlers were suffering accordingly. We found here two brave little women, one the sister and the other the wife of one of the pearlers, going through all the hardships of this extra-hard and miserable place. The shells are inferior to those found at Useless Harbor; the pearls and the yield also in finitely worse. The resolution was formed already to return to Useless Harbor and to Egg Island Bay, off Dirk Hartog, and one or more of the boats were about start ing as we left Herald Bight it is called: it ought to be named Shark Bight, for the species abound here in countless numbers, from 8 to 16 feet long. Our cutter was besieged by them, and in less time than it has taken me to pen these notes we had hooked, shot and hacked to death three monsters, till we were tired of this danger ous and exciting sport We hoisted the monsters up alongside, and cut the livers out and gave them to the pearlers, there to extract the oil, and then let the carcases sink. This however is hardly the case, for so tenacious of life is this fish that in one instance where we took out of the paunch three shags, cut the paunch adrift, took out the liver and cut off all the fins and tail, and half severed the head also, the brute snapped at anything within reach, and, truthfully, thus dismembered and em bowelled, made tracks away! I have no hesitation in saying a fishing party here, properly provided, would reap a fine har vest of shark oiL I had omitted a curious incident. There is a gentleman now wait ing at Shark's Bay for a passage to the Gascoyne River, who purposes settling, I understand, alone on those barbarous and inhospitable shores. The natives there are notorious cannibals, and although we were going to prospect the vicinity we declined giving this misguided individual a passage, fearing we .should, if not criminally, decidedly in a moral sense, lay ourselves open, in giving and abetting his destruc tion. December 4. — We reached Exmouth Gulf, having rounded the cape - under this date. We anchored out of necessity a few miles inside. It required some nerve to do so, as it was blowing hard, and the anchor age was among breakers; but having ex ceptionally good ground-tackle we rode it out. We induced the Edith schooner to keep company with us from. Herald Bight, and here the schooner lost dingy and best anchor and tackle. In the morning, seeing fires on shore, we took our revolvers and landed. A few natives at first shewed themselves, and we indnced them to point out a baba (or water) hole. Here, on the following day, we filled our casks and started up the gulf for Bay of Rest. The cutter Gem passed us bound for FremanUe. On going up the gulf we came across nearly the whole of the North- West pearling fleet — 40 or 50 in number — with their many hundreds of Malay and native divers. Nothing took as by surprise more than this, as we fitted out purposely for the gulf, expecting to have reaped a plentiful harvest; bat we left a good month too late. The fleet had, in pearling phraseology, already skinned the banks. From one or two boats of this fleet we got a few signed natives, experienced divers, in consequence of the owner's ill-health. These coons are sup posed worth their weight in gold for a season. In passing I must remark on one curious feature among pearling pursuits at the North- West. Whites, natives, and Malays work on Sundays as eagerly as on other days. No such thing as this takes place at Shark's Bay, so that it bears much more favorable comparison as far as the feature in question goes. On clearing out from the Gulf we went East and on near ing a watering place called Beadon we had a stiff blow, and a very heavy, breaking Gea, in which our dingy and oars, &c;, were carried away, so that we had to go on to Cossack for another one. On our way up, and just before we entered Dampier Archipelago, we saw a very striking illu mination in the sky, steady and fixed, not resembling bush-fire at alL On arrival in Cossack we found a report current of a burning mountain having been discovered about 90 or 100 miles off. At Cossack, the light was very brilliant at night Here we found Mr. Frank Bateman with the Emma, who had preceded us one day. The planking of the cutter having parted com pany with the timbers, it seems a miracle she did not go down at sea with all bands. Had she but slightly struck against a boulder or a coral patch, nothing could have saved her. 'Chips,' — not he of the Herald — who is now effecting the repairs, says the builder ought to be hung as a caution, for he is sure he was a house-carpenter, and must have thought he was tacking on beading round a door frame. December 23. — The Annie Beaton safled to-day for Fremantle, with a full cargo. The cutter Victoria, in a few days, leaves also. There ia plenty of freight waiting chance for Fremantle— wool, shells, and ore, and it is constantly accumulating. Brandy is at a premium, — not to be got Very little rum and bottled ale is all the Cossackites, and I may say the Roebourne people, have to keep merry Christmas with. December 25. — News has come in of the loss of the Enchantress, sister craft to the Flower of the Yarrow, and belonging to the English Company. She was driven ashore far to the eastward, and had a rather sanguinary battle with the natives; killed and wounded on both sides. The Enchantress is a total wreck, I believe, and more the pity, as she was loaded with shells and had annetake of pearls indeed.* I learn the Company has been doing a 'fluke' this season. They have been shelling as far up as Port Darwin, and gradually working down this way towards Gamden Harbor and King's Sound. The Government cutter has been here. She ought to be named the Government sieve, for she lets in so much water, and her frame, I hear, is screwed, and her plank ing wrinkled in all directions. She is totally unserviceable, and was half full of water coming here — it was high above the cabin floor ! She spoilt all her flour, -fec., and her ammunition, and I under stand could not now fire a shot if required. She is a tub at the best ; and could not keep pace with a boat on the ground. I do not think there is a craft great or small, new or old, on the pearling ground but what would sail rings round her under canvas. The schooner Kate down here is wonderfully swift sailer, and a very mischievous looking craft, and was at first taken for the revenue cotter. A more efficient and likely craft for such a purpose could Dot be found. She is foreign-built, and, I believe, will be offered by Messrs. J. & W. Bateman, the owners, at the end of the season for sale. ♦f A telegram, by way of Adelaide last month, stated that Lieut Ross bad broken up the Enchantress for the sake of her copper. — Ed.] 