THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING, JAN. SG, 1875. THERE aro two subjects intimately connected with each other to which the attention of the people of Tasmania cannot bo too much or too often directed. Gold mining, in so far as it has yet been developed in Tasmania, docs not present such a promising aspect as would appear sufficient to warrant any expenditure of public money in giving facilities to tho minor. Wo should like to hear the miners demanding means of transit arid water privileges, and we shall support thom in the demand when they muster in sufficient numbers to justify our doing so. At present we have to look for tho miner, rather titan facilities for him. Tho yield of gold last year was larger than in any previous year, but we dare not claim gold-mining as a Tasmanian industry, as yet at any rate. We hope tho good time is coming. In the same way the prosecution of coal mining is of such insignificant proportions ,that without offering any opinion as to how far it may bo necessary to give exceptional encouragement, we soo no claim that coal mining has to any special facilities from Government. Those engagod'in coal mining will cither have first to heli> themselves before calling on Govenimont to como to their aid, or thoy will have to be able to point to a large field of operations promising the most encouraging returns, but at pre- sent retarded by obstacles insurmountable by private enterprise ; and oven then tho policy of Government taking chiefly the initiative may bo questioned. Coal, yot destined to lie a largoarticlo of export, has boon too little disturbed in its nativo measures to cause Government any immediato anxiety as to the degroo of fostering caro thoy should extend. It will have to wait, as wo have said of gold mining, till those seeking Govern- ment aid show their sincerity by themsolvcB putting their shoulders to the wheel. It is more difficult to know what should bo done towards developing our iron ores. Thore can bo no question that we aro on the point, of extensivo enterprise in this respect. But, hitherto, the work done has boon somewhat of a desultory nature, and nuning operations have been so far from being concentrated, tluit any extensivo aid in providing means of transit would only benefit individual enterprises. The iron deposits ure so widespread, and may be worked by and by in so many distinct and apart localities, that we fear that prudenco demands that in the mean- time assistance be planned so as in tho matter of roads to combino the general conveniences of also oponing up the country for othor than iron pur- poses. Thoro may bo encouragement to do something for agricultural as woll as for .mining purposes, whilo the importance of oithor, taken by itself, might not justify any outlay that could bo appreciated. When wo-como, howovor, to consider tho nowest, and, beyond all question, the most important mineral discovery in Tasmania, tin we believe that thero is but one opinion as to tho nocsssity of Government lending a helping hand. 'Witli'the discovery of tin may bo dated a now era in the prosperity of Tasmania. It is not only, with tho 'exception of gold, of moro intrinsic value than any of our othor minorais found in any quantity, but it is, if not in larger deposits, confined, in so far as yet known, /within a' distinct and circumscribed area. 'We do not say that wo know all tho tin producing country of Tasmania ; wo fool satisfied that it will prove much more oxtonsivo than imagined. At tho same time, in so far as our present knowledge enables us to judge, our tin bearing 'country is confinod within woll-known limits, and, therefore, any assistance afforded by Govonimont need not bo partial but general, embracing, more or less directly, the ground of all who have taken up selections ; with this additional reason why Government should not hesitate to expend money in promoting this industry. Irrespective of such future discoveries, as may bo made, those on or noar Mount .Bischoff are sufficiently exten- sive and valuable to warrant Government lay- ing out money in providing means of transit, sufficient for the district, and reproductivo to the Government. We think wo may fairly lay down, as the basis of our argument, tho following propositions ;-Tin is the mineral on which the hopos of Tasmania are now concentrated. Tin is, so far as yot known, confined to Mount Bischoff or in its immediate neighbour- hood. Access to that country is of tho most difficult character, and whon tho locality is gained, tho would bo investors in tin workings find them'selvos surrounded with discouraging difficulties, and of so gravo and multifarious a character, as to bo almost beyond tho roach of private enterprise. If these positions aro granted, and it is also ccdod, as we are sure it must bo, that tho propor development of tin mining will givo an immense impetus to the' Colony, as well as benefit the speculators, tlion we think we have made out an unanswerable case for Government interfering, and aiding tho pioneers of a groat enterprise. Mount Bischoff is situated about half way botween tho North 0«ast and the West Coast; somewhat nearor tho latter at Lagoon Rivor, Pieman River, and othor placos where an export trade might bo established. Wo aro not sufficiently acquainted with tho country either westward, or towards Emu Bay, to say from which direction the traffic should lie led, but we do say, without fear of contradiction, that it will lie a disgrace to our Government, and to tho Colony in which they hold omeo, if Mount Bischoff is allowed to continue in its present inoccossiblo con- dition. There is untold wealth waiting to bo there unearthed. Those engaged in developing tho tin industry have given much ' of . their own labour, au4 of that lined by thom, in prosecuting it, and Government has already derived a considerable sum from them. What more natural, therefore, than that Government should expend, in making Mount Bischoff avail- able, not only all the money they have received from those who have taken up sections there, but such further sum as may be necessary for opening up the Mount ? Justice and prudence alike demand this. Justice requires that some- thing should bo done for thoBe who have contri- buted directly and indirectly ; prudence requires that facilities should be offered to others who may thus bo induced to add to the revenue of tho Colony. We only ask Government to invest money where a direct return is certain. At the present moment and in the height of summer, tlie road is impassable to the Mount., and the means of communication on it only such as the mining companies and prospectors undertake or bear the cost of; and in this way money is absorbed, that would be, both for those ev pending it, and the Colony, much more profitably employed in mining operations. We do not ask the Government to undertake a pound's worth of work that should legitimately fall on the mining interest ; but we do ask that they afford those facilities which the disposers of any other commodity would give to those whom they desire-to deal with them. It will not be to the credit of Government if they sit idly by while a private company, hitherto distinguished for its do-nothingness, steps in and provides a means of access, not only as a mercantile specu- lation, but as the means of enhancing the value of its adjacent property. GoVornmont have a much greater stake than has the Yan Diemen'B Land Company in the success of the Mount. Govern- ment can equally afford to raise the required funds for so reproductive a work, and have an infinitely larger area of land to bo improved in value. ______^_____ ' VISIT TO PORT ARTHUR.-Tho war sloop Victoria left for Port Arthur at half-past eight o'clock yes- terday morning, taking as passengers His Excellency Governor Weld, the Victorian Ministry, and the Hone. A. Konnerley, Premier, T. D. Chapman, Colonial Secretary, andW. Mooro, Minister of Lands and Works, Captain Barnard, R.N., Master Warden of the Marino Board, and several private gentle- men. The vessel arrived at her destination at 1 p.m., and left again at 4-90 p.m. with the Victorian party, for the purpose of proceeding to King's Island, with a view of settling the situation and character of the proposed new light. They will then return to Melbourne. The Governor, Tasmanian Ministry, and the rest of the Hobart Town party will leave Norfolk Bay this afternoon on their return home, in the Bteamer Monarch, which vessel has boen obartered for that purpose. LIGHTING or THE THEATRE.-WO regret to learn that Signor Pompei's arrangements for improving the lighting of the Theatre, have boon upset by obstacles thrown in the way by the Insurance Company. This is much to be regretted, as the additional lights, we are informed, could have been erected with perfect safety. LARRIKINISM AT THE NEW RACE COURSE.-It appears that the severe, but well- merited punish- ment, recently administered by Mr. Justice Dobson to the ruffians at Launceston has had little or no effect upon their associates in crime in the southern portion of the Island. By a letter we have received from Mr. Wiggins (contractor for the new grand stand), we learn that a band of rowdies visited the new race course on last Sunday, and, without further hesitation, immediately began the wilful destruction of the erection by means of dismantle- ment and disfigurement. When the ruffians were remonstrated with by the mau in charge, the only answer he received was a volley of stones, which caused a hasty retreat on his part. It is to bo Binccrely hoped that either the Superintendent of Police at Glenorchy, or the Chief District Constable at Now Town, will cause such investigation of the outrage as will lead to the capture of some, ii not all, of the desperadoes. A BOLT.-Yesterday afternoon, a pair of horses stonding in a buggy at the top of Swan's Hill availed themselves of their temporary freedom of rein to bolt towards town. They pursued their headlong career down Elizabeth-street, steering through tho labyrinth of conveyances of various kindB with as much safety and accuracy as if driven by Sam Barrett. They passed the cabstand near the Tolegraph Office, giving the more staid horses a wide berth, turned round Lord's corner, down Macquarie-street, where the first obstacle in their way was a cow, which they ran against, con- tenting themselves with pushing her out of the way without hurting her, and on .to tho Old Wharf, where they were pulled up without damage to the horses, and little or none to the vehicle. COACH ACCIDENT,-On Sunday evoning, as Page's Mail Coach, from Launceston, was about three miles the other side of Snake Banks, and going at an easy pace, on a level piece of road, the off-lc.tder suddenly tripped and fell. The driver pulled up almost instantaneously, and on dismounting, the mare was found.almost entirely under tho coach, but fortunately free of the wheels. The passengers having all alighted, and the remaining three horses unharnessed, the guard and driver, with the assist- ance of sovoral gentlomen passengers, raised tho coach with a number of slip-rail levers, and backed it free from the fallen animal, who immediately rose with' no moro formidable injury than a slightly scratched knee. After a delay of about 20 minutes in all, the coach was on its way again. The fall was probably occasioned by the mare, who is a very free stepper, tripping on one of the numerous stones lying along the highway. BUSHFIRES.-Along the main road from Laun- ceston, the ravages of tho lato fires are plainly visible, while in many places they are still burning, especially on the more elevatod and bushy tracts. In many coses, the grass has been completely burnt off whole runs ; Blieep havo been edged in with flames, narrowly escaping injury j while fences have been destroyed far and wide. The damage done in ¡,the destruction of the runs is in many places very 'severe ; and parties have been, and aro now em- ployed in extinguishing and checking tho progress of the Haines ; sometimes through whole succssive nights. SUPREME COURT.-The first term of the Supreme Court begiiiB this day, and will end on February 9. The Court will sit at eleven o'clock this morning. TELEGRAMS WASTING OWNERS.-Telegram* for the following persons lie at the Telegraph Oliice, the messenger having boon unable to fiud the owners :-Mrs. Geo. Barrett, Campbell-street ; B. Annesly Billing, Ship Hotel, Mrs. Reeves, Murray street. THE EASTERN EXTENSION AUSTRALASIA AND CHINA TKLEURAPH COMPANY, LIMITED.-Number of paid tclograins transmitted through this company's cable from Port Darwin, for the week ending Friday, January 15th, 1875 : ¿«it /tom the colóme* : South Australia, 10 ; Victoria, 41 ; Now South Wales, 24 ; «Queens- land, 7 ; Tasmania, 0 ; New Zealand, 5 ; West Australia, 0 ; total, 87. Sent to the colonie« : South Australia, 5 ; Victoria, 48 ; Now South Wales, 15 . Queensland, 5 ; Tasmania, 0 ; New Zealand, 4 j ' West Australia, 0 ; total, 77. Total number of messages, 104. , THE COTTKRELLS.-Tins evening the residents of New Norfolk will be nlforded a raro opportunity of enjoying high class vocal and instrumental music as well as comic delineations of charaotor, by the appearance of Mr. and Mrs. Cotterell and Mr. Landergan. -The company .will appear at Hamilton on Thursday evening ; at the Ouse Bridge Inn, on Friday ; and'at Bothwell, on Monday, February. GOLDEN POINT QUARTZ MINING COMPANY.-An adjourned general meeting of the shareholders will will be held at the Mechanics' Institute class room, at half-past seven o'clock this evening. HOBART TOWN PROPRIETARY LADIES' COLLI.CE. It is notified by advertisement in another column, that term commences on Wednesday, the 3rd of February, and the names of the new Council are THE BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. - The fifteenth annual meeting of tho society will be hold at the Town Hall, at half-post seven o'clock, to-morrow ovening. His Excollenoy the Governor will preside. WEST.- HOBAUT HORTICULTURAL AMATEUB AND COTTAMS GARDENERS' SOUIETY.-A goiieral com uiitteo meeting will ho held at St. John's School- room, Goulburn-streot, at half-past soveu o'slock this evening. PROTESTANT ALLIANCE FRIENDLY SOCIETY, Members of the Good Samaritan Lodge aro re- quested to meet to-morrow ovening, iu consequence of Thursday being Regatta Day. CAMTOELL TOWN HOSPITAL.- The annual mooting of the subscribers will be held at the hospital, Campbell Town, on Friday next, the 20th hist., at THE STEAMER MONARCH.-It is notified that the Monarch will proceed to New Norfolk on Wednes- day afternoon, tho 27th inst., instead of this (Tuesday) afternoon. CLARENCE AND MUDDY PLAINS HACKS.-A public mooting will bo hold at the Horao mid Jockey Hotel, Kokeby, at six o'clock this evening, for tho purposo of making arrangements for the races to be held in March next. ., '"i. INSUFFICIENTLY STAMPED.-HIS Grace the Most Rev. Arohbiahop Vaughan, V.G's. Office, St. Mary's Sydney, N.S.W.j Very Rev. Duau Forde, fs. Heart, Darlinghurst-street, Sydney, N.S.W.; Mr E A. Milne, No. 1 Clarendon Place, Luiorald Hill, Mel- bourne ; Mr. Wilkins, StaRo Boor, Prince of Wales Opera House, Moluourno, Victoria ; Mr. Mcintosh, No 1 Windro Terrace, Palmor-stieut, Fitzroy, Mel- bourne j Mra. Boswell, No. 1« Adam-Btrcot, Rothor hitho,,Loudon ; Rowlio C. Loflio, Esq., Perth, West Australia ; Mr. Estevaw Parer, Victoria ButbB, ,42 Bourko-stroet E,a»t, Melbourne ; Capt. J.- King, care ,of George Calvert, Esq., Tua Dopurtment, Custom House, London ; Mr. P. Chaffer, No. 17 Cullins-strect, Blackheath, Loudon, England, HOBART TOWN REGATTA.-The Executive Com- mittee met last evening at Mr. Oldham's Bird-in Hand Hotel, Arsyle-street. The following members were present :-Messrs. Dowdell (chairman),'R'sby, Miller, Gul, Bex, O'Boyle, and Hayle. The Water Committee reported that they had arranged with the Messrs. O'May to tow the flotilla ; also that Captains Cleary and J. W. Johnson had consented to act as judges. Captain T. H. Harvey was ap- pointed umpire. The Ground Committee reported that they had marked off the sites for boths. Mr. H. J. Warner was appointed pavilion-keeper. The Hon. Secretary stated that he had written to the Colonial Secretary for the use of howitzers, and that two guns be fired at 8 a.m. on the Regatta day, should tiie day prove favourable ; and that a reply had been received acceding to the request. The entries were then received as follows : First Race-Skiffs, for bona fide amateurs : Six eutries. Second Race-Skiffs, for two youths and a steerer, all under 16 years : Five entries. Third Race (Alexandra)-Skiffs, for bona fide, amateurs : Three entries. Fourth Race-Barges : Four entries. Fifth Race (Scullers)-Skiffs, for all comers : Five entries. Sixth Race (Ladies' Purse)-Four-bared for boats, bona fide amateurs: Four entries. Seventh Race-Sailing Vessels and Boats (not exceeding 15 .tons) used for purposes of trade : Two entries. Eighth Race- Four-oared boats, for youths under 'l8 years : Four entries. Ninth Race-Four- oared boats, for bona fide amateurs : Four entries. Tenth Race (sailing)-Open fishing boats, with open wells, for fishermen : Three entries. Eleventh Bace Four-oared boats, for all-comers : Two entries. Twelfth Race-Four-oared boats, for all-comers : Six entries. Duck Huut-Two entries. The com- mittee will meet this evening at 8 p.m.,- when stations will be drawn for, and other business transacted. HOBART TOWN POULTRY, PIGEON, CANARY, AND DAIRY PRODUCE SOCIETY.-At a meeting of memberB last evening, at the Rook Hotel, Mr. Anderson in the chair, 150 entries were received for the show to be held on the regatta ground on Thursday. The following judges were appointed :-Of pigeons Messrs. , J. Walker, Dorset, and Ibbottson ; game fowls-Messrs. Anderson and W. Howe ; fancy fowls, Messrs. Allen,, Dorset, and Williams ; canaries-Mr. Walker. BRACON AT THE OIL BUTTS.-We have received information that the beacon at the Oil Butta Rooks, near Huon Island, is now useless as a warning to passing vessels. Tho throe balls are broken off, and the beacon itself is bent down almost to the water's edge, and therefore cannot be observed .until a vessel is close to it. It is to be hoped that the Marine Board will take immediate action in the matter, befoie anything sei ious happens to any of the numerous fleet of river crafts that pass the Oil Butts Rocks. VALUE OF TASMANIAN GOLD.-Another very gratifying proof has just reached us of the very pure quality of the gold from Nine Mile Springs. The last cake of gold received from the New Native Youth Company's claim (says yesterday's j Chronicle) weighed at the mint before melting 131 '80oz. After melting this weight was reduced to 13014oz, but this yielded 139'202oz. of standard gold. Thus the actual metal taken from the claim was increased by the standard of quality consider- ably'over nine ouncas. ''The standard value of gold is £3 17s 10Jd per ounce, the value of the gold from the New Native Youth claim, and which the mint actually pays for it, is over £4 3s 4d per onnce. BRITISH AND TASMANIAN CHARCOAL IRON COM- PANY.-Operations have again fairly commenced at the works of the abovo company. The Chronicle of yesterday says that Mr. Robert Scott, the suporin intendent and manager of works, arrived bv tho . Derwent on Wednesday last, landed at Port Lempriere, and at once entered upon his duties. ' Excavations are now being made for the furnace foundations and other works, And everything assumes a busy aspect Mr. Foster, the senior pilot, has been employed in taking soundings and marking out the channel so as to fix a safe anchorage for the Cape Fiuisterre. The furnaces, &c;, will be erected on the company's private property at Port Lempriere ; a practical commentary upon the policy of our witeacre Parliament, which declined to grant tho freehold of the iron bearing land upon the very liberal terms offered. HOBART TOWN RACES.-"Augur," in the Austral- asian writes :-And referring to Tasmania, reminds ino that the acceptances for the Hobart Town Cup were declared on Monday. Thoy are not, I believe, very numeioiis, but there will be a pleasant reunion both in the north and the south. A large number of Victorians will visit the island, and it is quite likely that the join ney from Launceston to Hobart Town will bo made by some of the voyaqeurs in vehicles taken from this bide of the straits." COLONIAL STATESMEN.-The Sydney Morning Herald, of the 18th inst., contains the following: -"Mr. Weld, the new Governor of Tasmania, seems to have taken a leaf out of the Hou. J. Robertson's book. Many of out readers may remember how that model of acute logic and appropriate illustration once reconunonded himself and the other members of his Cabinet, as having gone through a preliminary training for stateman ship by rounding up bullocks and following tho plough. In his reception speech at Hobart Town, Mr. Weld seems either to have pirated or unconsciously followed out the same line of thought, and sought to conciliate the good will of those whom lie had been set to govern by reminding them of his experiences as a bush settler. If that, however, is the grand preparativo for fulfilling high office, wo certainly have au abundance of sucking statesmen in theso colonies, and it is a pity, as so many rural constituencies regret, the town gentlemen go down into the country at election times, and get sent back as rutal inembeis. If soma years at mustering, shearing, and clod-crushing is the real apprentice- ship for statesmen, we ought to adopt the very opposite conreo, and send to Manaro, to the Liverpool Plains, and to Riverina, for city repre- sentatives. How is it that we neglect our finest raw material, and put so much faith iu mere urban accomplishments ? Meant to be smart, no doubt, on the part of the Herald, but sadly destitute of point. CHINESE SEPULTURE.-"There isa tradition with the Chinese," says tho San Francisco Bulletin, "that where the bones of their fathers are deposited there the children wish to bo buried. It is a feature of the contract between the Importing Company and tlie emigrant fiom China that he will bo returned to his native land, If he .dies in a foreign country, the Company to which i ho belonged ¡B bound to transport his remains to the tomb of his (¿thors. The practice of the live great Companies located in this oity is to gather, the bones of the departed Celestials' in a largo receiving vault, at Latiral Hill Cemetery, and oncu or twice a your to make a shipment to China. Tho remains are packed in long ' boxeB, roHOinbling army munition casca. San, Francisco is the grand receiving depfit for this coast, ; and ovcry few day's a shipment is received from' distant points." ,' 