ferable to them. I am, however, q»ute usable to advise as to forest-platting from eny experience gained in South Australia, and I fear bat little experience is staEable from other persons in the colony. I am therefore obliged to leave this subject, and refer to seme other subjects connected with the conservancy of oar native forests, and. which are of sufficient importance to be mentioned in scch a paper as I have prepared. I heard at different times thatthe gam-trees died without any apparent cause in many parts of the colony, and especially in the Srota-East. I observed once, cany years ago, that oar Waegums died suddenly over an area of perhaps 15 or 20 acres in the Bugle Banges in the midst of a well-wooded district. Last summer, however, my attention was called to the following alarming fact— On a very larj(e tract of timbered co-intry in the Hundred of Strathalbyn, said to be about 15 or 20 square miles in extent, cot a bluegun remained alive. All other gums, white, yellow, or red, were luxuriant, whOe the bluegums, from the largest tree to the smallest sapling, were dry, aad the bark already cracked, ready to fall down this winter. It was remarkable and perplexing to observe the exactly straight boundary-line on one of the out* frkirts of this tract of land which I visited. Within a few yards all blueguma were dead, and outside the line they were as vigorous as ever. My time being too short, I ould cot examine the trees properly to ascer tain as} thing farther; bat such an ex imi tation ought jet to be marie. At all events, irexpHcable a« it is to me, I thought it right to mention it, eo that one or other of the hearers or readers may venture an explanation, or the enigma may be solved by comparing the obser vations of a number of persons at different localities and times, and perhaps as regards different kinds of trees. Another matter of the greatett importance as regards forest conser TOccy and timber supply is ttte issuing of timber licences. In the report of oar Surveyor-General (Mr. Goyder) he advises to let the present tjstem of granting licences for catting timber remain intact, except in fenced reserves. This Eeems to me a more than questionable policy. I a«n sure he did not give such, advice with the view of obtaining the paltry sum raised by such licences for our Treasury. He must have thought of the necessities or conve nience of our rural population. I admit that tiaberis needed, and the convenience of oar farmers should bo consulted, bat 1 venture to say in a different manner. No forest can stand the present issue of licences— there must be a restric tion and supervision from the Forest Department. The total amount received by the Crown Lands Department during the year 1874 for timber and bark licences and licences to carters to remove the timber was only £1,305. This is no compen sation to the State for the enormous injury done to our forests. To fell a number of tree3, perhaps the growth of ages, and leave them tecause they do not split quite soeasy and free as was expected of tLem, to cat them three feet from the ground, to take perhaps merely one length of rails or pests and let the rest of the trunk together with all the branches be con sumed by the next bushfire, or to cut numberless young saplings for rails and posts which will last as a matter of course only a few years, wh'le the forest may contain plenty of trees of mature age which might give really lasting rails or posts, is a waste of the property of the nation, a Bacrilege. I do not object to give all settlers an ample supply under proper regulations and at a reason able rate, but I object to the present state of affairs whereby valuable trees are cut down indis criminately to save a little trouble or delay. On this matter I give a short extract from the above report on Victorian Forests: — 'Timber- trees would be economically utilized if the men were forced to pay for each tree they felled. There would then be some check upon the enor mous waste and the indimTtnninafai destruction of the largest timber-trees in Victoria— which trees, once cut, will naturally require centuries to replace — and the selfish indifference to the wants of future generations displayed by timber cutters would not be exhibited as at present.' Another extract 3 taken from a report of Mr. J. Innes, Dunedin, to the Chief Commissioner of the Waste Land Board, New Zealand :— ' It is of the utmost importance to the community to have the existing forests protected from the reckless extravagance which is so prevalent in this province. If prompt maasures be nob taken all the sound timber will, in the course of a few years, be entirely destroyed, and the conse quence will be a sudden rise in the price of that material. The public are admitted into the forests of the country simply by paying a small licence-fee. While this is the case)no regulations, however rigoiouF, and no staff of officials, how ever numerous and zealous, can control the wasteful destruction. Young trees as well as matured ones are cat two, and in many instances three feet from the root. Timber that could be profitably used m the construction of a railway bridge or the most refined piece of architecture is cut down for fuel or some temporary construc tion. A method mast be adopted whereby the person who fells timber will have an interest in using it economically and the public be supplied through a less extravagaist system. He suggests— lBt,thatthepubliebeexcludedfrom the Crown forests — 2nd, that the demand for timber be supplied by selling at auction annually, or at any other time that might be deemed expedient or necessary, such quantities of grow ing timber as the state of the market might require for local or outside consumption. These suggestions seem rational. We ought to be guided by the principle that we should no more than absolutely necessary curtail the use fulness of our forests to our farmers and the colonists generally, but at the same time prevent unnecessary waste. No farmer will ever consider the interests ot posterity or any climatic consideration, however important, of any moment compared with his present convenience — that of obtaining poets and rails, or timber for building purposes or firewood, and a person who splits for sale still less bo. Buch considerations must come from the Government or from the Forest Department as soon as we have it. It is quite true chat even on their own land farmers destroy frequently too much valuable timber, as being impediments to the plough or reaping-machine, as expressed in the lines of an American poet, Mr. J. R. Lowel! — ?* ? this tree, spared I knew not by what grace— for in the blood Of oar New World subduers fingers yat Hereditary feud with trees, they being (They and the red-man most) our fathers' foes—' 1 recollect only too well how many thousands, no, millions of tons of useful timber were in former years destroyed to make room for the plough; how night and day urea were fed with ?he giants of the forest, to leave nothing but a heap of ashes, upon which the grain grew luxuriantly, bat generally became blighted. In other instances, where the timber-trees stood more dense, they have been only girdled by the axe and left standing upon cultivated fields, their whitened trunkB being a sad spectacle by day and looking like hugh spectres on a moonlight light These trees while green represented perhaps a greater value and were more im portant to the State than the produce of all the grain, crops which, may have been grown en these fields since the settler took possession of his land. I myself did err 20 and more years ago, before I became better acquainted with other treeless portions of South Australia. A settler who finds himself in the middle of a well-wooded tract of country, naturally has no other idea than, to get rid of the timber somehow and at the smallest amount of trouble and expense, and the consideration of the national welfare is with him out of the question. The mischief being done, nevertheless, should act as a warning, and in such parts of the colony where it is found desirable to protect the timber either for the necessities of future generations or for climatic advantages, it will be important to prevent the ringing of trees by all possible means short of an absolute prohibition. I hope the fanners of the day do not waste so much, and if they grub and destroy they will find time and also a suitable place on the farm, along the boundary- lines of their holdings or different fields, along watercourses, around welb, reservoirs, and homesteads, and in their permanent grazing paddocks where they will plant again. If they have no other example nearer their home, let them look at the planta tions of native ami other trew on the Adelaide Park Lands how well they grow. It has been suggested that the planting of a certain number of forest trees should be made one of the con ditions to be inserted m all agreements of tha jatetaraof land on credit, aod that no Grown grant should be'given to any person who has not planted and properly tended sash, number of trees on bis selection. 8uch a condition if carried oat— and I am inclined to think it can; be as well reported upon by Mr. Bdnney and his subordinates as upon other improvements — would be of incalculable value to the whole colony, and especially to the farmer himself or his family in after years. Still we ought to hesitate. Intending settlers may see in this another objection to our land law. It may deter them from selecting land where special difficulties for the raising of trees are to be expected, and thus drive further numbers across the Border. It may therefore be far better to give' even a greater bonus than that offered by the Forest Tree-Planting Encourage ment Act of 1872 to those who will plant trees after the heavy work on the new farm is behind them. If at any time the Legislature should decide that only perpetual leases shall be granted, and not the fee-simple, the force er sug gestion would probably be of easier attainment. But the time until the fee can be purchased ia rather short. You cannot in fairne-s ask the selector to plant any considerable number of trees before he has a considerable part of bis selection under the plough, nor until a few good harvests make him somewhat independent as regards time and money. The only way which appears to me safe and fair under the present law is the fol lowing — that selectors claiming an extension of time beyond the five or six years for paying their purchase-money might be compelled to accept the planting of a number of trees as a further condition imposed on them. We shall not lose them on account of such a condition, for they did already settle, and they have had time enough daring the previous years to get their farm in order, so as to be able to spare a little time for the carrying out of such a condition. And the number of selectors who will claim such extension of time in after years may be very considerable. This condition will also give the State somewhat of a quid pro quo if the selector does merely intend to crop the soil for ten yean, and to lea re an exhausted soil without making it his permanent home. If a Government nursery be near or extensive State plantations, I believe fanners wDl soon see the importance of such plantations, and apply for established seedlings. I know that in some Continental States it is even a question how far private landholders can be allowed to destroy the timber upon their land, whereby they may seriously affect climatic influences, on which agriculture may depend. In Tinnevelly, Madras, for instance, the small clearances already made for coffee plantation* have caused seme small streams, previously known as perennial ones, to become perfectly dry at some seasons and rushing torrents at others. And for a number of similar cases I refer to the re markable speech made in 1874 by the Premier of New Zealand, the Hon. J. Vogel, especially to his extracts from Dr. Lindley's leading article in the Gardiner1* Ch-oniele, which quotes nume rous instances of humid localities having become arid in France, North America, and even Britain. A meeting of the Geographical Society was held at Vienna on the 22nd of January, 1875, at which Mr. Hofrath Wex read a lecture about 'The decrease of the water in rivers and springs.' He and ethers had made observations as to the decrease of the height of the wator, and had found since 50 years a decrease in the Rivers Elbe and Oder of 17 inches, in the Rhine of 24 inches, in the Vistula of 26 inches, in the Danube, at Orsova, of 55 inches. And this decrease in the depth of the rivers does corre spond with the decrease in the quantity of water in these rivers. These observations are corroborated by the constantly-decreasing num ber of springs during the last 100 years. The lecturer is afraid, if it continues as heretofore, that the larger German rivers will become unsavigable, the smaller dry, industrial pursuits, &c;, will be in danger, future generations can not rely upon a sufficient supply of water, and this within a time not very remote. The causes, as given by the lecturer, are destruction of forest?, and as a consequence the far less quantity of rainwater or snow woich is absorbed by the soil, also the artificial draining of lakes, ponds, Ac. Mr. Hofrath Wex does therefore only confirm more fully what was already contained in certain resolutions passed in 1873 by the International Con gress of Land and Forest Culture, held at Vienna. The resolutions there passed were to be forwarded to the various Governments of the globe, and in few words they may be coudensed as follows, viz.: — 'That international agree ments are needed to effectually check the con tinually increasing devastation of forests, and that the efforts of legislators be directed to causing exact data to be gathered with a view of obtaining a sufficient knowledge of the evils — disturbances in nature — which are caused by the devastation of forests.' History records that many countries described as covered with immense forests are now an almost hopeles desert. So the interior of Spain, which now only is little better than a bare heath. Greece has in the place of her former beautiful oaks and beeches only poor scrub, and where formerly cattle were feeding the goat alone can find her food; or where previously kinds of forest trees bearing leaves solely occupied the ground the most miserable specimens of pines eke out their stunted growth. The deforestation on the sources of the Rhone and Saone in France led to the too well-known sudden inundations during the last 50 years. And the climate of Iceland — formerly well wooded — has deteriorated in the most marked degree. Through the centre of SchleBwig-Holstein and Zetland is the soil now only overgrown with heather, here and there intermixed with low bushes of oak covering many square miles; and yet from that part of Hotaein toe magnificent timber was exported upon which the large city of Amsterdam is erected; and 803 years ago the country town of Jeveustedt was situated in a forest of oaks, and the church erected from this kind of timber. Incidentally I wish to make here a few remarks about our mallee country, as I am inclined to compare it with the low scrubs of oaks in Schleswi^-Holstein, and to express my opinion that mallee also is only the remnant of a stately gum-tree destroyed by extensive fires, and that thereafter the duration of droughts increased so materially as to preclude the possi bility of a re-establishment by nature of the ancient forests in these extensive tracts of country. My own acquaintance with the mallee scrub, however, is imperfect; but Victoria having in its north-eastern corner fully 270 miles of mallee, while our wide belts of mallee aloug both sides of the Murray and the scrubs between the Great Australian Bight and the Overland Tele graph line cover such an immense area, it is of course not merely a matter of curiosity, but of the greatest importance to obtain full informa tion whether this vast area at any former period was clothed with timber trees. Very large stumps have been found frequently in HoUtein, and there it has been found quite possible to re establish forests by careful forestry. If persons who cultivate land in the Murray or other exten sive scrubs find large stumps under the surface which appear to be thoee of trees, not of mallee, I hope they will make it known'; and also whether they will dissent from my herein expressed opinion. In observations made by Alfred SelwjD, and presented by him in a report on .the Geological Survey of Canada for the jearl873 4, the following passages occur', page 58 :— ' The drying-up of the country already alluded to has been ascribed to various causes, but it is generally uupposed to be connected with the gradual destruction of the forests over large areas by fire, diminishing the rainfall. Whatever the effect may be of these destructive corflagrationB, in reference to the water supply of the region, there is no doubt that at different times almost every square mile of the country between Red River and the Rocky Mountains has been subjacted to them, and that hundreds of miles of forett trees have thus been converted into wide and almost treeless expanses of prairie. After leiving the valley of the Assineboine, the second and third praine steppes may be said to be entirely danuded of good timber. For a total distenoe of 400 miles neither oak, ash, elm, birch, pine, or spruce trees were seen, and even the poplars are of small size, and suited for little else than firewood.' We are aware that very destructive fires have also taken place not long ago in the United States— fires which seem to have swept evtr enormous tracte of land covered with forests. In Austria it is now impossible upon a large tract of land 1,700 to 2,000 feet above th« sea to grow oereal*. The forests which formerly protected the land have been cut down and the sofl has become toio dry— parched and sterile through exposure fe tb« catting winds. Tt» ^^wrtta of tbs iiland of. Mauritius are now obliged to turn their most serious attention to tree-planting, and it is to be hoped that they may succeed in . quickly arresting the evil effects which the destruction of the natural forests had upon their ; climate and the growth of the Btaple produce of that island. Whh bo many examples before us of a deterioration of the climate asd soil as a consequence of the unreasonable destruction of forests, it is almost as eaty to prove the amelioration of climate and soil almost desti tute of trees after buccessf ul planting of forests. In Lower Egypt and in Algeria the extensive planting of trees by many millions has had a most marked effect upon the yearly rainfall. From the report of the Department of Agricul ture for the United States I taie the fallowing: — ' In many parts of the country forest planting, in the opinion of many observers, U clanging the climate and capabilities of the plains beyond the Missouri. Twenty years ago the plains were nearly destitute of trees, and vegetation was parched and scanty; but it is now claimed that in some localities — where farms hive been taken up, villages built, and trees planted— they are clothed with verdure; and river beds which were then dry are now covered with constantly run ning water. A part of the city of Denver was built on one of these ancient river-beds, where it was supposed that water would never now again; but there is now a constantly running stream, to large that it has been found necessary to bridge it. Great Salt Lake is said to bo seven feet higher than it was ten years ago, and is con stantly rising. The reappearance of the spring on the Wand of Ascension, which had dried up after the trees had been felled, is another instance of the influence of the planting of trees on springs. The town built near the Lake of Valentia, in Venezuela, found itself 200 years later fully two miles farther from the water's edgte, and Von Humboldt visiting the town ascribed the gradual diminu tion of the water to the extensive clearing* of the forests. Twenty-five years later the waters of the lake had gradually risen again, agricul cultural operations having almost ceased, and the forest regained possession of the soil What ever may be the direct effect of trees on the rain fall, there is no doubt that the actual tempera tore of the country becomes considerably higher by the destruction of its forests. Trees attract moisture and retain it, their roots retard too rapid drainage, their presence benefits spring?, their shade checks evaporation, and we shall have heavier dew in the neighbourhood of forests. Sir George Stricklaud Kingston says, in his valuable ' Notes on the Rainfall of Ade laide, Melbourne, and Sydney,' printed in Par liamentary Paper No, 10, of 1875:— ' During the first four months of the year want of moisture in the atmosphere, accompanied by in tense heat, putting a Etop to vegetation, and baking the surface of the ground, has a somewhat similar effect, in so far as agricultural pursuits are concerned, to that produced by the wet and frosts of the winters of England. The benefit of the rainfall depends not so much on the quantity during a given month as on the rapidity or other wise of its fall, as well as the season of the year.' After stating that during the first four months of the year nothing under an inch of rain at one fall is of much value to renew the exhausted energy of vegetation, he remarks that from the end of April to September the quantity of rain during the twenty-four hours is of little impor tance as compared with the frequency of its occurrence, keeping the ground moist, and provided that the average of the monthly fallsare fairly kept np, the ground is more benefited by the occurrence of numerous rainy days than by a great fall in any one day. As an instance he mentions the year 1860, where the rainfall was much below the average, yet the harvest was in excess of the average yield of the four years 1855 to 1858, in which the rainfall was consi derably above the average. But the rains were gentle, continuing for several hours, soaking into the ground, and being followed by many dayB of cloudy weather little or no evaporation took place, and the crops derived the fullest possible benefit from the limited quantity of rain.' This is unquestionably true, and I believe that tree plantations will add to the number of showery days and the general humidity «f the climate. The former and present climate of 8t Croix is a case in point. As long as trees were everywhere abundant on this island rains were profuse and frequent. Twenty-five years later one-third of the island had become an utter desert. With the destruction of the trees the short copious showers which frequently occurred in former times had ceased, and the process of desiccation gradually advanced. The sugarcanes failed, and desolation came slowly but irresistibly. Before I come to my closing remaiks I wish to say a few words of well merited praise in honour of the few persons in the Australian Colonies who have tried to advance our knowledge of forest conservancy and matters connected therewith. Foremost I must name Baron von Miiller, the Government botanist of Victoria, who, so far as I know, has acted as pioneer in this respect: and next to him Dr. Hector, of New Zealand, and our Dr. 8chom burgk and Mr. Goyder, who have either by lectures or reportp, or lists naming the principal timber trees which may be suitable in the respective colonies, done much to arouse public attention. The interest now evinced by the Legislatures of these three provinces must be chietly ascribed to their public services. I wish to call jour special attention to a map prepared by Mr. A. Everett for the State Forest Board, with the assistance of Baron von Muller, showing in different colours over the whole province of Victoria the distribution of the principal timber trees, and also to two maps kindly prepared by Mr. Goyder's order: one to show our intended although not yet proclaimed timber reserves and travelling-stock reserves, the other the proposed distriots under the Forest-trees Planting Encouragement Act of 1872\. If you peruse the number of Papers which have lately been laid before Parliament in the provinces Victoria, New Zealand, and South Australia, you will say the time for action has come. With such an amount of valuable preparatory work now collected in the various lectures and Parliamentary Papers, it may be safely predicted that with proper machinery we ought to have a fair start and we will eventually succeed. I have dwelt perhaps rather long on the importance of obtaining for the settled portions of South Australia a due proportion of woodland to our open agricultural and grazing lands ; also on the necessity of a supply of timber and of firewood for our indus trial pursuits and households ; and I have alluded only cursorily to some of the indirect advantages which a country with a climate like South Australia most certainly will derive from more extensive forests. With their increase the number of birds will increase, which may delight us with their melodies, and they will aid us in the destruction of many insects. The bee-keeper will be more certain of his crop of honey, and our eyes will rest with pleasure on the improved aspect of the landscape, which is now, especially on our wide northern plains, extremely monotonous. Surely you value also these minor advantages, and many of you still think with delight of the beauty and grandeur of European forests and the pleasure you derived while roaming through them. Byron, in ' Childe Harold's Pilgrimage/' sajs;— CL 'All things are here of him! from the black pines ! Which are his shade on high, and the loud roar ? ?: ; Of torrents, where he listeneth, to the vines ' Which slope bis green path downward to the shore; ' , . Where the bow'd waters meet him and adorej Kissing his feet with murmurs; and the wood, The covert of old trees, with trunks all hoar, But light loaves, young m joy, stud where it stood, ; f ffering to him and his a populous solitude. ' : en. j A populous solitude of bees and birds, And falry-ferm'd and many-oolour'd things, j Who worship him with notes more sweet than words, j A nd innocently open their glad wings, j Fearless and full of life: the gush of springs ? And fall of lofty fountains, and the bend Of stirring branohts, mi. toe bud which brings The swiftest thought of beauty, htn ?ztand, , Mingling^ and made by Love, unto one mighty 6Qu« , We ought not merely to bear n miad tb» words 'WeodmaB, spar* that torn;' and #- preserve our present native fomfa; w* want also plantations. The answer to thosi who askwiMS^ wt will tak* the bus** for it is alsojuBpl* ? - ????? - - ??-.-...??? v.-. J a *r| . enough. The present yearly income from oar forests is certainly not large, but what has become of the large aggregate sum received by our Treasury in years gone by ? During the last 11 years no less a sum than £18.494 17s. has been received for timber and bark licences and licences to cart timber. Previously the licence-fee was in all cases £5 ; now monthly licences are if Eued at 15s. ; and I venture to say that fully £40,000 was received since the foundation of the colony, irrespective of the not inconside rable amount which District Councils have collected, and which may swell the total turn thus derived from our native forests to £50,000. Since writirg this I have received a return from the Surveyor-General showing that the amount is even more than I have calculated. I accept as correct, what I read somewhere, that the present generation has merely a life estate in the forests of a country, and I claim, therefore, as a right for those who come after us, at least in young plantations a full equivalent for all the forests already destroyed. Can such a demand be resisted? Can any valid arguments be brought for ward to show that our children and grandchildren should not have timber as cheap and as plentiful? Old colonists, farmers as well as graziers, know to their cost that we have had long drought--; they cannot wish their recurrence. They themselves, how ever, have now in their hands the future of South Australia. They may ako decide the future climate of South Austra'ia, and I will prove this by some further extracts. Man, feeble as he is, wants only time and proper com bination to produce 'the most marked changes, not only in the climate of the country he inhabits, but on places far distant from bis abode. If this be found to be really the case, then forests deserve to become an objest of careful examination, not only in a financial, but also in a politico-economical point of view.' At all events we may prevent foods, obtain per manent water, and our crops and fruit-trees will receive the much needed shelter from hoar* frosts while in blossom, and from the scorching effects of our north winds. The soil of South Australia is certainly generally very good in the settled portions, and if we can be sure of about as large a rainfall as in Victoria, the average of our grain crops will be as good, if not better, and the number of cattle and sheep which can be kept will increase in the same ratio. In many parts of South Australia, perhaps by far the largest part of it, the absence of useful timber is one of the principal impediments to settle ment. A Mr. Thompson once said that in some plains the wind was at times so strong that the sheep had to hold on by the tussocks. Nothing is more calculated to add to the weal th of tins country that the growth of forest trees ; this is my firm conviction. For years to come we may not be able to materially alter the hygrometrical condi tion of our atmosphere, or to break the force of our brickfielders, or to increase the number of permanent springs, but we ouqht-to commence without further delay a series of experimental plantations of forest trees preparatory to a most determined attempt, not only to avert the calamity of a future want of timber, but to make it possible for South Australia to become the home of millions of a happy, healthy, weathly, and industrious population. At the conclusion of the paper Mr. Krichauff was warmly applauded. Mr. H. Marshall thought the dying of the gum-trees near 8trathalbyn might be caused by the existence of a mineral lode underneath the belt on which the trees died. Mr. Kbichatjtf hardly thought that could be the case, as it was only last summer the trees died. Mr. Marshall raid in regard to the bluegum he believed there was a large moth that bored into it, and he believed that might account for the death of the trees. Mr. Daybkpobt said the suggestion of Mr. Marshall would not explain the extensive death which was occuring of forests not only in South Australia but in other portions of the colonies. His Exctllency the Governor was noting during the course of the paper that in the neighbour hood of Mount Gambier he had seen extensive districts where the gum-trees had all died. The cause of death had arisen within the last 15 or certainly not more than 20 years. It was not simply on the plains near the coast, but further back in the ranges as well, extending over a space of perhaps 20 by 15 miles, that the gum trees had all died off. Then, along the coast ranges, between Rivoli Bay and Robe, the same kind of destruction had Bet in. Coming further north, on the shores of Lake Alexandrina, between Meningie and the Coorong, and to Eome extent between Meningie and Point Macleay, the sheaoaks had died off in large patches of some square miles in a patch. He had often regretted that no scientific person had investigated the cause. It might be insects, or fungoid life, or that which Dr. Thompson in bia 'Chemistry of Agriculture' referred to when he said that in Norway and parts of Germany, and other portions of the old occupied world, every t*o or three centuries a change took place in the timber. There were whole districts where the oak had died, and after a short period the beech had sprung up, as if nature ceatod to afford the vital qualities which were required to maintain oue particular tree. It might be that it was from that cause our forests were dying out, and it would be of great interest that we should know the cause. M.E.B. Heynb said in Victoria large tracts of dense timber were dying off. Various reasons had been assigned, but the most probable he thought was that, as Mr. Davenport observed, it was a change in the growth of timber. Mr. X. Smith said he had been interested in the question of fotest culture, and accompanied Mr. Goyder 18 or 20 months ago to the reserves that had been selected, In the South-East he saw miles and miles of trees ofj all ages dead, exoept on the top of the ranges, where there were a few growing. In the North there was one of the finest forests the colony possessed, at Wir rabbara, but it was being thoroughly slaughtered. There were 50 or 60 woodcutters' huta. A fine tree was often cut down, one length of rails taken out of it, and the rest left. The trees living were remarkably healihy. In Western Australia the jarrah only grew in one latitude. A part of Wirrabbara is in the same latitude, and the nature of the soil was the same as that in which the jarrah grew in Western Australia, and he believed the jarrah weuld do well there. There was also a place near Port Lincoln where jarrah trees had been planted, and had made eight or nine feet of wood in two years. He thought, however, they should not discuss Mr. KriohaufFs paper until they had seen it in print. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Joachim said he was disposed a great deal to think the cause of death lay in insect life. About 20 years ago some forests in Ger many were made perfectly bare all at once by a large quantity of caterpillars. They went in regular procession from one tree to another and left nothiug green. The next instance occurred about tax years ago in the West Indies, where he knew a whole plantation destroyed by a big insect which bored in every direction through the tree, and so its life was extin guished. Dr. GoSfil aaked Mr. Krichauff how, if he con* tended that the existence of timber increased the rainfall, he accounted for the fact that after clearing had been going on s« many years we were having such an exceedingly heavy fall of rain. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Kbichatjff said it was not very easy for him to account for it. He did not consider that the quantity of rain was increased by timber cultivation, but that it would cause rain to fall in the neighbourhood gently and con tinuously. (Hear, near.) He believed that the extent of cultivation had something to do with the heavy rainfall which had been experienced. The rain was soaked in by the ploughed land, and afterwards given out gradually to the atmo sphere. Mr. Davskport thoroughly agreed with that theory. Dr. Geese, who had put a question half jocularly to Mr. Krichauff, knew that a tree was. in fact a mechanical agent in the mrply to the atmosphere of moisture from the ?oil. The- tree was in its action like a pump, and whenever the atmosphere was dry it drew on the tree, and moisture was brought up from the ground brninath Aooording to the statement of Or. Thompson it wm ifigredibls to thow who hid not ?is.minti1 a leaf with a microscope the number of little mouths it possessed.- He spoke of a single square inch of HIM having 120,000. Thug tnts had thou sands of square feet of lire sufafl* oooasting of hundreds of thoosanris of swaths angaMd h taking from th« atmosphere oaxbooio arid, oon- ' .;.. - ?? ..'.'.?('.' 't ?*? . -.??'?'(? ?., ?? ; Eummgtbe carbon and giving off the oxygen— not only taking in moisture, but also delivering it. So there seemed to be good reason for re* garding the tree as a good fellow-colonist, and helping in work which made the occupied land useful. He could endorse all Mr. Smith had said as to the waste full destruction of the Wirrabbara forest although there were still a considerable number of good trees left. The only other place he knew where settlers in the Northern Areas could get good timber was at Mannanarie, where there was a Email forest on3y. Of course the farmers must be allowed to get the timber from those places, but it was not necessary that there should be such wasteful destruction. Mr. J. F. Cohigbavb thought Mr. Krichauff had submitted a question second to few that engaged the attention of the colonists, and which had excited in his mind an enthusiasm which had been ill-appreciated in another place. He was glad to say that arrangements had been made for the publication of the paper, and he hoped it would be largely read, and with bene ficial results. The provisions of the Act referred to were probably not generally known, or perhaps being confined to areas above itive acres de~ erred people from plantiog under it. If that area were reduced, or a larger bonus given, they nvght tee cottage plantations over the ccuutry. In the matter of mulberry phnta titns, which was before the Chamber of Manu facture s; the plan bad been adopted of offering a benus of £1 for every hundred mulberry trees, : certified of a certain pge and useful sorts. Possibly a similar rule might be adopted with: advantage in reference to forest trees. (Hear, ' hear.) Mr.jKaiCHATjKF mentioned that he had pro posed one acre as the minimum, but it wasi altered by the .House to five. ; Mr. D. Gall said if landlords only studied their own interests they would plant trees fromj that came far more than for the Government1 bonus. He mentioned that Mr. Norman planted a few sections at Normanville with trees in a strip fenced 30 feet all round. The farmers at first did not like to pay the same rent for the section with* so much land taken off; but they found the advantage now the trees had begun to grow up so great upon' the welfare of the cattle that the other tenants were asking Mr. Norman to plant their sections; in the same manner. An old colonist, Mr. Perryman, now in New Zealand, informed him that on the Canterbury Plains it could be seen how long each farmer had been on his location by the height of his trees, as the first thing every farmer did when he went there was to plant trees. He ako mentioned that at St. Helena he was told a mountain side that used to be covered with vegetation was now completely barren through the destruction of the timber. He proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Krichauff for his valuable paper. Mr. T. Habdy seconded, and said having done something in tree-planting there was nothing whioh gave so much and such lasting pleasure as planting trees and seeing them grow' up. (Hear, hear.) The motion was carried with acclamation, with the understanding that a future meeting would be called for the discussion of the subject! On the motion of Mr. Davenpobt, seconded by Dr. Gosss, a vote of thanks was cordially carried to the Governor for presiding. : His Excellekct said it was some time since he had had the pleasure of attending at one of the meetings of the Chamber, and he was particularly gratified at being able to be present and hear the very useful paper read by Mr. Krichauff. The subject he believed had been too much neglected.1 His own impression was that the death of the trees alluded to in the South-East and other places was caused by the ravages of some insect, and he said so from some experience. He remembered a sintpilar instance in the West Indies on a property which belonged to a connec? tion of his, and bad been in the family for 200 years— from the time of the first settlement of the island in the reign of Charles I. The place, named Cedar HD1, took its name from a very beautiful avenue of trees — not the real cedar— which had flourished for a great length of time, having been probably planted soon after the acquisition of the estate. Suddenly those trees became affected, and almost all died. It was a long time before the cause could be ascertained, but eventually it was found to have been by the ravages of a cater pillar, which bored into them. The moth was never seen, but the grub was found, and there was no doubt it was the grub which had destroyed the trees. Other trees of the same kind in the neighbourhood escaped scathless. He hoped the lecture would have the effect of causing people here to look into the matter. He had no doubt about the great climatic influence of forests. Dr. Gosse wanted an explanation of the heavy rainfall notwith standing the constant clearing; but it was peculiar that the heavy rains had not extended far north, and appeared to have come to the place where timber was most numerous. In another part of the West Indies, where he lived for some time as Governor, there was the King's Hill Forest, which was carefully preserved, no one being allowed to cut a tree without a special licence. It was curious to observe the effect of that forest. They could during rainy weather actually witness the clouds attracted to that dis trict. The effect was so well known that plantations in the immediate neighbourhood were preferred to others. They were called by the people 'more seasonable places.' The thing was so well established that nobody in St. Vincent doubted that it was desirable to preserve forest*. In other islands of the West Indies, which had been more easily cleared, the rains had been get rid of as well as the trees, and in many of them it was now questionable whether it paid to carry on cultivation on account of the lack of rain. In Salt Lake City, too, it was marvellous what had been done, partly by cultivation, making that place se different from the arid district surrounding it As he said recently at a dinner to Colonel Warbur ton, he believed the time would come when they would hear the tread of man's foot and the ring of the horse's hoof in dis tricts of the colony which are now considered uninhabitable. (Hear, hear,) He believed the further they went back the further they would be able to go, and he did not know but what the whole breadth of South Australia might at some future time be made use of. (Hear, hear.) He thanked them very much tor the complimentary manner in which they bad passed the vote of thanks, which was scarcely deserved for doing what was really a pleasure to him. (Applause.) 2 he proceedings then closed. FOREST CONSERVANCY AND TIMBER SUPPLY. A meeting in connection with the Chamber }f Manufactui es took place at the South Au-- Jalian Institute on Friday, June 18, when Mr. Krichaiitf. M.P.. rand ft tmnar on tha ahovo siDjecr. n\s isxeeuency tne trO7ernor, wno presided, announced an apology from ilr. Goyder, who exceedingly regretted that an en gagement of some standing prevented him from being present, as the subject was one of vas: importance, and would no doubt be ably treated. There was a fair attendance. Mr. Kjuchaukf, having been called upon, said: — No raw material, 1 venture to' say, is of greater importance to a larger number of trades &en; and manufacturers than timber, and, even by the simple appellation of fuel, wood takes with manufacturers a place at least next to coal. If, therefore, the Chamber of Manufactures takes an interest in the supply of timber and fuel, it is a duty which the Chamber owes to its members; ana I feel proud of being requested to call this day special attention to our forests, and the supply of timber and fuel. I may not be able to furnish much tbat is new, but the collee tion into a small compass of available statistical information, and ex ti acts from various bo.'k*, lectures, or speeches bearing upon the question, but not accessible to everybody, may secure your attention for a short while, and show you that the preservation of our never very extensive native forests is urgently required; and I hops jou will also earnestly recommend the planting of forest trees on a large scale. A thousand pities tbat the present planting season, with fcueh abundant rain, should be again lost My statistical information as to the number of persons who work in wood is neither .com plete nor of a late date. In the year 1871 we Lad in South Austra'ia 6 manufactories of organs and pianos, 13 ef picture-frames, 1 of washing-machines, 16 establishments for boat and ship building, 29 saw-mills; and in the niunicipaliiies alone there were as long ago as in the year 1866 already 146 shops occupied by carpenters and cabinetmakers, 18 by coopers, 12 by turners, and 42 by wheelwrights. At least .30 of the more reputed mines require in the aggregate an onormou3 quantity of both timber and fuel. For the year 1873 coal and coke have been imported into the colony for the sum of £88,002; timber of all kinds (deducting re exports) for the sum of £125,726 5s. Daring the first quarter of the year 1875 we have actually imported timber for the very large sum of £62,971, aad admitting that the larger proportion of our present importation of timber consists of such kinds which we may jprobably have to import, even if we plant forests, it is yet noteworthy that we have !not yet exported one shilling's worth of our native timber against such large sums. I think iwe are the only Australian colony which cannot or does not export some kind of native timber. With the increase of population this large im portation will, however, not simply become larger still, but must, even if we found coal, increase in the same ratio as our supply* of native timber decreases. To fortify this my position it is best to give you an idea of the very great consumption of firewood, and consequent rapid decrease cf native timber. As we have no peat, and only imported coals, the quantity of firewood used in our households, considering our mild winters, is proportionately large; and we may assume that 15 tons of fuel, irrespective of the consumption for manufactories, be con sumed in each of the 83,333- households which the census of 1870 enumerated. : With a con sumption of 574,995 tons in 1870, we certainly used more than 600, 000 tons of firewood in IS/ a. Add to this the yearly-increasing quantity of sleepers and firewood requred by our rail ways, the timber for our mines, and the fences for our farmers and graziers, I have no doubt it will make it clear to j ou that something must be done for the future'. Of lato yuan this subject — the necessity of preserving and planting forests— has presanted itself more forcibly to tho attention of all civilized Governments. .Dr. Hooker, of KewGardena, says, in a letter dabd October 22, 1878, addr«sed to tha. Under secretary (Herbeit):— 'The duty of conserviag the natural resources of tae colonies for the banefit of future generations, whilst encouraging a fair use of them by . the present, is becoming the most pressing and arduous duty of those entrusted with their government.' Tnij was written after he had perused the rule 5 for the conservation of the Cej Ion- Forests.' Mr. Dalzell, the Conservator of ' Forats, Bombay Presidency, says in his observations on the influence of forests:— 'It has been said that to pursue the progress ef man step by step in the destruction of forests, would be to write the history of civilization, as man is developed only at the expense of forest vegetation. Hence an endeavour has beea made to establish it as a maxim that oivilizition is antagonistic to the conservation of forests. When this sentiment is anal) zed it is more distinguished for brevity than for truth, for it is in civilized countries, such as Germany and France that the conserva tion of forests is considered of vital importance to the progress and well-being of man, aad that without forests these would become, like Asia Minor, the cradle of the human race, a country of ruined citie3. It is only in the first. step of civilization that man is tho enemy of forasts.' To some Governments, like that of Mauritius and tome of the Leeward Islands, in the West Indies, it is, or must become, the question of questions, as most affeoting the present or immediate future. Much a~j France, Austria, Sweden, and especially Germany have done for the preservation and planting of forests, it is quite certain that even in 'these countries timber and firewood are rising ia value. In ?North America forests wqre thought to be in exhaustible only 30 years ago; now it is esti. mated that, -while the Western 'State3 of the Mississippi already import timber, the whole region east of the river' will be 'without useful timber within other 20 yeaw.' Even now the regular depth of this river is decreasing every year, and sudden floods ara occurring which were formerly unknown. American oak for shipbuilding is nearly exterminated, and the prica ot walnut, so much valued for cabinetwork, is greatly increasing, in consequence of the dis- tance it has now to be brought to the shore. Mr. N. Hawthorue now tells U3, that the New England yoeman is at the present, time as niggardly of each stick of firewood as if it were a bar of Calif ornian g«ld. The reports of the Agricultural Department of the United State's prediot that the export of timber' cannot long be continued, as the: consumption within the States increases, and. now requires anaually more thanone- million .of acres' of forest land. 'Na wonder is it, therefore, that Congress now btfew a- liberal bonus in land to all .those wuo will plant forest trees on ona quarter of such land. The Parliamentary Librarian, tfr J. C. ilor phett, has kindly supplied me with the fjllow insr information respecting recent Congressional action about Forests in America :.— .*' A ,veiy important. Bfll was lately introduced into Con gress by. Mr. Haldeman. of Pennsylvania, and has now become a law. It provides thit every future sale of Government land,, ^hall be .with the coadition that at l*ast 10 per. cen{). of .the timbered land shall- be kept parpatoally as woodland; and if the land ba not timbered, then the patent is to be issued on the condition that.10 per cent, of the quantity 13 to ba planted with forest trees within 10 yean,, and to be kept for ever as woodland. If this be dene, an abatement of 50 per cent, ia to be made on account of the expense of planting. A viola latioH of this agreement is to ba met by forfeiture of tbe land. It is also proposed that anyone who may wish to acquire title to the public laud, under the Homestead Act, can do so by proo of the fact that he has had, at the end of three years after taking poasaesipn, at least one acre under cultivation with timber for t»o years, and that this shall ba continuad until olo acre in every ten is planted with trees, in clusters not more than 16 feet apa.t. Home Bill, Forty -second Congress, 3,003.' The graat attention which is paid in East India to f oreat conservancy and planting is well-known, and certainly did not commence too early. To a great extent the famines occuriiag periodically in certain portions of this vast empire,' through absence of rain, are a consequence of de forestation. If we observe the alarm so generally expressed by members of the Legis lature in New Zealand (Dr. Hector calculated the area of forest land in New Zealand in tha jc&r; 1830 at 20,370,000 acres ia the year 1S73 at only 12,130,000 acres) at the rapid diiap pearnnoe of the native forests of these, in our opinion, still densely- wotded islands, it is cer tainly for South Australians a matter of far more immediate and pressing importance to think of the preservation of our native forests, and the planting of others by private means, as well as by the Government. On purpose I speik alf o of planting by private means, as I hope to Eee at least many of our wealthy colonists take a special interest in tree-planting. If gentlemen will follow the good examples of C. B. Fisher, Esq., and of John Hodgkiss, Es^., J.P., and pla&t; as extensively on their estates (I think 40,000 forest-trees), it will go far to show a pood example to others, who can only be moved to follow their step3 if they see the success of such plantations, . ' Which shielded them against the broiling heat, And with green bough decked the gloomy glada;' apd find that after 20 or 25 yearssuch a planta tion pays handsomely. The demand for timber is beginning to arise, but it will be some time before it presses on the people with sufficient force to make them turn their attention to the growth of trees, which is expensi?e and may yield only a return after years of patient culture. Meanwhile tbose difficulties will increase as the country becomes more aud more exposed to the full fores of the winds, hot winds especially, sweeping over it with a violence which trees cantiot Btand, or which cause young seedlings to be scorched. ' How long will the supply of native timber probably last in yonr locality, if no further steps are taken for the pre servation or planting of timber, keepiS| in view a gradual increase of populatioE?*' was the ques tion to which an answer was requested two j ears ago from Corporations, District Councils, and private gentlemen. Many of the answers received by the Commissioner of Crown Lands were of- the following kind, viz.:— Very little useful timber left, except in a few isolated patches too far from any centre of population. In a large number of the northern districts the supply of firewood even is so limited that there is -cprcely time for trees now planted to attain a sufficient size to supply it when wanted. How many of our farmers will manage to renew their fencing, except at a ruinous cost, appears to me a mystery, when even now, in the bettor wooded districts, posts command already a price of 50s. to 80s. per hundred. Thus far I have not heard of any attempt to claim a land order under tbe Fore?t Planting Encou ragement Act of 1872. This may be because our Government has proclaimed no districts under that Act, or because the bonus offered is considered insufficient, and, therefore nobody asked the Government to proclaim districts. Certainly, New Zaaland, with a climate more congenial to tree-growing, because of its greater humidity, has acted far more liberal in offering a bonus twice as large, and relatively perhaps three or four times as large. At all events it is clear that the preservation and planting of forests is too important to be left under the Crown Lands Department with a bare chance of being once attended to at the right time, and another forgotten or neglected, with no trained staff, or employing men who take no special delight in their dutie3, or executed by men who put in a tender for it. If such a plantation is successful, it will be a sur prise to me. Compare with this the care which is taken by the foresters, in Germany, of which Dr. Brandis, the Inspector-General of Forests in India, says the following:— 'The steepest and most rocky sides of the hills are covered with forests which have been, so to speak, created by the ingenuity and labours of the Fore3t Depart ment. In many such places, where even the few handfuls of soil placed round the young trea have had to be carried some distance, it is not contended that the first plantations will yield a direct pecuniary profit, but the improvement ri climate by retention of the moisture, and re clamation of large tracts formerly barren and unproductive, is taken into account, besides which the droppings of leaves. and needles from the trees will ere long create a soil and vegeta tion, and ersure the success of- plantations in future years, and consequent surplus.' And in another places-' Nothing that I. can say or write can convey too high an idea of the attitn inents and thorough knowledge of their work po3 fessed by German forest officers of all grades. A very little time served to convince iaa that the practice of the German foresters wa3 as good, if not better, than their theory, and that they were, in fact, perfect masters of their duties in all their detail?.' And again— ' Where are we to look for a model or precedent on which to work? and the reply appears reidy. To Germany, where 'forestry has been carried on for hundreds of years. Not the mere planting of a few hundred acres hare, or reserving a few thousand acres there, but a I general system of forest management, commeuc ng by a careful surrey, stocktaking, careful 1 !xperiments in the rate of growth, the best soil ' or each description of. tree ; in fact, in every -ranoh of the subject, and resulting in hundreds of thousands of acres mapped, divided into periods and blocks, and worked to the best advantage, both with regard to present and future, and the annual yield of which now and for many years to come is known and fixed to within a few hundred ' cubic feet.' Compare with our happy-go-lucky style the - grand success in planting with ' Pimt3 pimaster the Dunes- or shifting sands 'near - the mouth of the Gironde, 150 miles in length; and the equally grand success of -making the poor, swampy, formerly uninhabitable Department des Landes, by draining and planting, pro ductive and habitable. I think therefore with Dr. Schomburgk 'that a Forest Board, con sisting of men enthusiastic on this question (and if possible having some knowledge of forestry), not merely friends of Chief Secretary or Com missioner, should be a sine qua non. Victoria also has called into life a Board of. Forests, with an Inspector of Forests, and under this direction the preservation of forests and young.plantationa has been secured. Local Forest Boards do not teem to have given. much satisfaction where jtried in the neighbourhood of the gold mines. Eventually Local Forest Boards may be desirable; but for the present unity of action under one Conservator may be preferable until the extent of our plantations may make a division desirable. The necessity of one such Board, however, and the appointment of a well-qualified man as Conservator,, is in my opinion obvious. Although the Government cannot undertake the obligation of providing firewood ' or other timber for the people throughout tha country, and experience may eventually show that our Government cannot accomplish, siich undertakings so successfully or at least not. as economically as private individuals; aridalthough itmight be impolitic to. monopolfza a branch of industry which ought to attain considerable impot tance,. It is still . very ' desirable 'that a 'well-conducted example should be - set t-j the people .in. different localities, whore it is Ij'iite unlfltely that prirote enterprise will step in. It is desirable to obtain really reliable infor mation, on the subject of growing timber and jfirewood.by commencing,^', series of systematic experiments as to the best description of trees for the respective purposes and differentloealities, jthe beBt time and mode of planting or sowing, the proper number of different kind of tree* to the acre, the best age at which to cut, &c.; I know, of course, that in Germany the Sfcite derives a very large profit from State forests ; and here also the Government may be forced, through the neglect of private enterprise to prow timber for the necessary public works, esj ecially railway sleepers. Every mile of new railway requires at least 2,000 sleepers— to. be penewed in perhaps 10 years. I can, therefore, jsubscribe to the following passage, being' an lextract from a letter addressed by the Secre tary of State for India to the Governor in ' Council, Madras, dated the 24th day of ?April, 1863 :— ' To forests, from their nature 'the usual m»xim of political economy, which ?leaves such undertakings to private enterprise, 'cannot be applied. Their vast extent, the long jtime that a tree takes to reach maturity, and 1 the con?equence that few persons live bng ? enough to obtain any, and more especially the I highest returns for expenditure, even once in I the course of their lives, are proofs of the '; necessity that forest management should be I conducted on permanent principles, and not be left to the negligence, avarice, or capriee 0! individuals, and therefore point to the State as the proper- ?dmiaiitMrtor, bound to take care that in supplying the wants of the present generation there is no reckless waste, no need less forestalling of the supply of future genera tions. This is a matter of experience, not in India only, but in all other oouutries of the woild.' We must at once adnJfc that hero also the principal causes preventing at present the p'antisg of forest trees on a really large scale a;e— 1. The want of capital to wait for a return, and the necessity of incurring meanwhile the further expense of tending and protecting any such plantation as long as the same capital and labour devoted to grain-growing or sheapfarming bricp a more immediate and a nnre certain, probably for some years even a larger profit. 2. The physical unsuitability of certain districts, at least at present, for the successful growth of forest trees, unless at a great risk and too great cost. But it we neglect this matter muoi longe r the question of reproduction of forests may have to be taken up under such adverse circum stances, even in the more favourable districts, as to baffle all our attempts by.oithar private enterprise, or the Government, or at least at a ruinous expense. Enlightened nations fully appreciate _ their duty to posterity, and will provide with keen forethought beforehand what cannot be called forth at any time at wilL I ean fully agree with the proposal of our Surveyor-General (Mr. Goydtr) to at first establish in various parts of the colony, on the Forest Reserves, nurseries of forest traos. Irrespective of their necessity for the planta tions by the Government, they wiil give great encouragement t j privata plantations. Seeds or seedlings might be supplied either grata, if planted by public bodiO3, or at'a cheap r*te, andthejoung plrats would ba in less danger, as if they had to be carried perhaps 100 or several hundred miles from Adelaide or Mel bourne. Before, however, entering upon the sub ject of establishing these nurseries here it may be well to see in what manner operations have been carried on, for instance, in Madras, East India, where the necessity for a future supply of timber has led to great exertions. Tae re port by the officiating Conservator of Forests (Major Beddome) for the year 1869-70 contains 79 folio pages of small print, and shows the great interest taken by the Government in forestry, the energy of the official staff, the great succoss with which many experimental plantations have been made, and the reasons for failure in other instance*. The report deals with several thousand square miles of forests under conser vancy; also with 17 nurseries and plantations of from 50 to 500 acres each, and in at least as many more places operations were begun and plantations contemplated. In many places the operations were tentative, intended as experi. ments and for the instruction of the subordi nates of the department. The following items in this report appeared to me of particular interest, as either referring to Australian trass or to the mode of sowing or planting adopted: — '' Codoor Plantation is 50 acres in extent, sur rounded by a bank topped with aa aloe f enco. The trees are generally watered only for one year after transplantation. They are mostly planted out in pits; others sown in trenches at 15 feet apart. A tree known in Mexico as the Genisaro (Pittecollobium saman) had beeu received from Dr. Thwaite3, Director of the Botanical Gardens in Ceylon, and was praised as of rapid growth. If tins tree is a native of Mexico, and not like others of its genus of Brazi1, it might be advisable to introduce it here for the above reason. At Trevellan Nursory 358 acres have been planted with 52,310 casuarina or sheaoak, at distances 12 x 12, or 15 x 15. They had to be shaded when planted and watered occasionally during the first year, but their planting had been found far less pre carious than any other on the plains. In the Putney Hills Plantations most of the gum seedlings (eucalyptus) that were first put down were killed by the frost. In many other places our gums do well in India. At Talliamally plan tation for sandalwood various experiments were tried at first, such as growing the seed iniiurserias and transplanting into bamboo pots, baskets, &oM; and eventually in the ground; also growing tae seed in bamboo pots, and the result was that tha inost successful plan was to plant the sood in pits where the tree was to stand, water well, and never transplant. Shade being very necessary to young plants, experiments were ma4a wiih different sorts of shade; cotton was tried, b-it abandoned, and now the seeds of tha Chili plant are sown round the seedling sandal for a shade, as the leaves of this plant remain always green, and the loaves aro not large. At Parapa 70,471 teak (Ligerstroemia) wore planted on 30 acres, and the-e trees attained in six years a height of 20 feet, and more than 7 inches in guth. At Gooty the plantation is |04 acres and 3 roods; The soil is a stiff black, clay, with an admixture of sand, salt, and lima, on which scarcely anything appears to thrive.. During the early rains of June 23 acres were town broadcast with Acacia Arabica, and f^peciosa seeds, which have grown scccessfully, although in (other places generally failing if eg sown. ' Of other trees transplanted it .would not be a wide remark that with the number of substituted plants in the place of /those which failed, the whole land could have been plantad once again. Sowing in trenches has there been, found to be. the most suitable and simple mode Of planting. The expense of these nurseries and Plantations is, even with the low rate of wages in India very considerable, yet the success df tha plantations as an ultimate source of, revenue to tne State becomes more and more certain every j-tar, since even failure one year with one kind pf tree leads to the adoption of another mode of cowing or planting, or the substitution of other trees more likely. ' to succeed the next year. Nurseries in India or here are not likely to pro Buce any considerable revenue, although such }s the case with forest nurseries in Europe. I find that the average cost of keeping the Boy al iiunery for forest trees at Kiel, in Holstoin, con sisting of only tix acres, was about §100 a year, . and the income from sales, at a very low figure,, about $700. If we can manage to keep such nurseries, after a few years, without a pecuniary Iosb, I dare say nobody will complain in new of the advantages which we shall derive indirectly. The salaries of the Conservator of Forests and of the men constantly employed at the forest reserves will be afterwards the chief expenditure, and nearly all tho work can be done by common labouring men, or even boys. In .the details I cannot agree with Mr. Goyder's estimata of the first year's expense; but our Bum' total is nearly the same. Mr. Goyder omits all reference to a tuatter which is an absolute necessity in most places— the sinking of wells for watering, or the tutming of large reservoirs of rainwater. My estimate of the first year's expense for each Dur. eery will be .£11,530; irrespective ot salaries and jwagea, viz:— . I Two norses and cart ... ... ... £80 Cottages and sheds ... ... ... 500 Implements ? ? £0 Seed ? ... ? 50 ?' Hay and fodder, and sawing of same ; for next year ... , ? 00 . 1 Pots and boxes .... ..I ... ' ... 300 ! Fencing ...' ? ...'... ... ... 250 I Welis and tanks' ...' Y..;'. ' .... ..., .250 { Wages andxo&tinkencJes; ... '' ... 070 j ; ^ s- .-;.'._.-.?? _;?./?_-. t -.'}- ££200 .._ This .doe3 not include the' salarj for. tbe Con-, bervator of Forests, which ought to bo' not less jthan £400 a year; and if we intend to keep, three forest nurseries and establishments for planting, blsd' a travelling party, who may attend.to the' travelling reserves about to be planted, a! sum bf £3,000 may be required. after the first year, and a sum total of £9.000 for the first year. I believe it is too uncertain to calculate the direc profits which may be received by the Government nr Forest Board a3 a return for such outlay. Mr. p. .Calcutt, of New Zealand, Bays in a memo randum aa to the cost of planting aad managing forest trees:— 'I have little or no hesitation in believing that £10,000 expended properly in planting trees would within SO years .result in their having a market .value of half a million sterling.' With a few favourable seasons at the commencement, the jdirect profits arising after the first eight or ten a ears ought to be sufficient fo pay not only ?current expenses, but at least interest on former outlay, ana after the timber arrives at maturity *tne whole of the principal sunk will doubtlen be as well obtained, and as much more, &% to ienable the State to constantly undertake opera tions on a larger scale with men, who have ,'become experienced in the work at a greatly reduced coat, and with far greater certainty as :to results You will undoubtedly agree with ?Pope's linea^- ?'? ? . ; ? '- ? ? {'First follow: nature, and your judgment * ?? trains -.:.- ... ? . ^o.'cv ?-'? ='? '-:-.=.'. ?? -?'??? ' By her just standard, which remain*.. thfl, same. Unerring' . , , And only extend operations in the same ratio as jou have collected much needed experience in arboriculture. It may be tbat in some of our reserves little more is required to ensure tho sure and quick growth of young saplings than to keep cattle out and to sow during tbe early rains some ' seods on the surface. It is more likely, and probably safor, to plough and harrow the land either for sowing broadcast, or, hotter still, in well-preparod strips in rows. It may ba advisable to plant seme kinds of trees in pit3 after raising them in nursery-beds or pots, and to spacially pro pare the soil in those parts by adding ashos or compost, or to cover the surface by an inch of sand, ashes, chaff, or sawdust. In dry localities it may be preferable to have the tree planted in a hole a few inches deeper than tho surrounding soil, and not to fill the wholo of the sou into the pit back again. In Europe forostry has in tho course of centuries becomo an art; but the difference in olimato in many of the kinds of trees to be raised is such] tbat experience gained in Europe can only assist us in arriving at rational conclusions, by which we must ba guided. Even in South Australia our foresters will hare to follow different rules in north and aouth. Much of tho land in tho South- Kast may be too cold and wet for a graat many tree*, but by raising strips of the laud, 8 foi-t wide, by Ihe sod of other 8 feet, successful plantations con surely be made. The dry soil of tbo North requires, again, the greatest care as to shading, and watering from creeks, reservoirs, or wolls, during tbe first season. In the report f-r 1674 on the Dandenong Forest tho Secret iry for Agriculture in Victoria sayf:— 'The renewal of the consumed trees by the hand of nature seem) to be sure under certain conditions. The great firo of 1851 cleared large areas of every kind of vogetation. Theco are now ooverad with a thick growth of fiue young trees from SO to 100 feet high. The only fault that' can ba found with nature's handiwork in this caae is the fact of the young trees growing much too thickly to render it probable that, without thinnuur, trees such as preceded thorn will be producol. Very different to this exuberant growth is tho appearance of those parts of the forost thinnoi by the hand of man. Hare soedlings do not as a rule, take the place of the felled trees, but the forest in these places is left open with an appearance of bareness. It is such places as these that suggest the expediency of assisting nature's efforts to renew the original troo-growth or to attempt improvement of the forost produc tion by the substitution of improved species of trees. There are several spots in this forest that require attention, and some that offer special facilities for the experimental raising of trees of other than the prevailing species — the best spacioa of eucalyptus which are suited to elevated volcanic regions, as, for instance, the Tasmanian bluegum. Expense would be necessarily incurred in tho first instance in burning off the vegeta tion now covering these spots, and in afterwards preventing its growth, so as to keop any acci dental firo within bounds. It would be sufficient, beyond this, merely to sow tho seed on the burned surface. Other places on the lower ranges, covered with rough grass, are not bo likely to suffer from fire. The soil is poor, compared with tho highor ranges, and. is moro or less stony, and the existing treo3 few and far between. No other spots iu the forest sepm, at first sight, so well adapted for a trial plan tation of some species of coniferro, if doomed advisable to attempt to create a local supply of tho soft woods now so extensively Impdrtod.' It will require many years' experience bof oro we can arcortain tho most profitable treea for different localities, or before we can point to trees which are safe to plant as a narrow bolt or breakwind, in the shelter of which afterwards the m^re desirable timbor can be grown. And here I will take the opportunity of making' a remark in reply to a very incorrect notion held by a groat many persons. The wood of one and the same kind of trea ia not always of the samo value. Suitable or unsuitable position has cou sidcrable influence on tbe value of tha timbor, and there h generally a great buperiority in timber grown artificially to that growing wild. But a-titieial planting is not only proforabu from the. greater absence of knots aud otliT fault?, it is even more eirlura'---la; but tin qu&ptiiy; which ufay bo grown par ac;o ia vj y much larger. In artificial plaut itious you hope and 'can fairly expect to turn every treo nto prepared stulF, not one-iiiu teoath only, .is i-, for instance, tho ciso with tho uiIumi forostJ in New Zealand. Forests sown broidcait aro abo almost in every ca*o inferior to tb.o?e where tie trees stand in rows as regards the quautity of useful timber, although in oilier rospoota every care and attention may be paid to both : alike. I can show most remarkable comparative tables relating thereto, which conclusively prove quicker growth and larger number of trees upon the same area and soil. Another matter, However, connected with tho value of timber ia of still greater importance, namely, the soloc tion of the proper season for cutting the trees, and not to cut them all the year round, as La3 been tho custom in South Australia. I pre sume wo'must seleot tbo olose of tbe summer season, and* before any heavy rains havo again o'rculated the Bap more freely, as ihe best season. I found posts and rails oit in the spring decay sooner, and so will posts, if put into the ground quite*green, We Bhould hear far losa laid against our colonial timber if we took the trouble to cut at the right time, and to season it at as much trouble as other persona 'tako with imported timber. If this 15 not welt seasoned, it will shrink quite as much; If only efficient inoans are adopted to extract the sap from sawn timber j either by steaming' it or by im pregnating it with salt or some mineral oil, tbat will preserve it, it can be cut at any timo. No person who had any practical experienco iu tbo construction . of public works, or who, ia constantly working in timber, will undorvaluo tho importance of cutting timber at the proper season. It is well known how difficult it is to sell tho otherwise full-grown trees which a . hurricane sometimes uproots at any other timo than the proper season for felling them. Tho sap being up they aro considered almost value less, except for immediate consumption as firewood, and only with the assistance of phemical compounds and at considerable expense can such timber be made useful for other pur poses. The formerly perhaps despised and littlo valued native timber-trees of Australia, and thoso belonging principally to the genus Eucalyptus, are extensively planted in many countries'- (so lately pear St. Louis), which find thotnsolves in a similar position to our own, that State Forests must bo established without dolay. Garibaldi's scheme also to regulate the banks of the Tiber and to drain the swamps of Pontini seems intimately connected with a very large plantation to be made of bluegums, pro bably the Ta«inanian bluegums. And no wonder. If we consider the excellent qualities of many finds of gum-trees, their quick growth, the groat durability in Borne, fieribility and strength in others, and their decided influence in purifying the air from malaria, we also ought to make them the first trees which we attempt to plant jn great numbers. With them we may ba pretty sure of Euccess; the seed w cheap, easy to collect, and— a matter of importauae— fresh. As soon' as we decide on planting other trees, especially different kinds of p:ntn, we will do far better to collect what fresh seeds aro obtain able in the colony or in the neighbouring oolonie». even at a much higher price. Imported seeds are too often dear at any price; we lose a year and our labour to save a few pounds. We may lueceed in raising these and other trees in places where nobody expected it previously. Our first aim must therefore be shelter plantation*, con sisting perhaps of Bobinia p3eudoacacta, Aeacia lophanta, our native black wattle, tbe tobacco tree, or Callitris or native pine, or shrubs answering the purpose. It may be well to exca vate a ditch 2 feet 6 inches deep, 4 feet wide at tbe top and 2 feet wide at bottom, and to form bv means of the earth thrown oat a bank of ti'milar dimensions. In some positions shrubs might be grown on the top of this, in others it may be only possible to gain further protection agraiast wind and cattle by an uprfeLt fence of stakes or stronger timber firmly driven or dug into the embankment, EDd held together by means of hoopiron b*nd«, to which the stakea are nailed. Several kinds of poplar besides the common, as Popuius alba and . tremula, also ths American ash and Pinus alba, are well known in Germany as trees which grow ia the most open and exposed localities. Thay defy there the cutting north-westerly winds eran on the poorest soil, and we may hope that they lor other trees may grow near to the sea or wher« for ICO or more miles no trees at prwen\ exist, , Eventually they may enable us to plant suoh trees in their shelter which ore pro* 