Pastoral. The tone of the reports from the stoc* -fanning difltriots is still the reverse of satisfactory. The spell of dry weather has scarcely been broken— a few thunderstorms, with little tain, having favoured some portions of the country. With a high temperature thess rainfalls, whioh were only local, could be bnt of temporary benefit In neatly all puts the creeks and riven are very low ; not only is the herbage dry, tyttvpply vf rtvrage water to jtawnfngwnty, It is now that heavily-stocked runs are suffering most, aud more especially those on the plains. Those who have mountains in their neighbourhood are travelling their sheep to obtain the feed that the sheltered country affords. It is reported frbin Wagga, by the Express of the 9th, that great hopes of a fine downfall of rain were enter tained on Wednesday, wbm the sky became overoast | with electrio clouds. The first indications of a shower j were nnxioutly looked fort but beyond a few heavy drops , none fell. On the following day we had a succession of | thunderstorms, but unfortunately there was more thunder Hsd lightning than moisture, of which only sufficient fell to lay tbe dust From the Bland we learn that the un wonted scarcity of water has considerably decreased the j kangaroos, numbers of whioh have died, as well as wild j horses and cattle, whioh have found their way from the back country in search of water. From the Edwards we | learn that the weather is still dry, and threatens to remain so ; all tbe indications of a dry season are, so far, apparent —still, so uncertain is the Biverine climate, that we oannet , foretell what a week will bring forth. Stockowners a re ; sending away all the stock approaching fat as the water is | drying up, and tender stock are getting scarce. The same j complaints ' come to us from the Lower Darling. The 1 weather still continues dry, with but little prospeot of rain. From nearly all quartet* we hear of grass and water becoming scarce. From Hay we learn by the Standard of the 6th, that the mean high temperature at Hay during the paat week was over 100* in the shade, and no rain has fallen. Our cor respondents report the same state of affairs from all , quarters, and indications of a dry season are general. The grasshoppers have put in another appearance, but they are ' 'very young and powerless to effect further damage, so it u expected they will disappear as rapidly as tike heat brings . ; them cut from starvation. In the district around Narrabri (says the Herald of the | 8th) matters pastoral are looking far from well ; feed is all but done up, and though a change of weather^oame about on Tuesday evening, the rain that fell was insignificant in quantity compared to what is absolutely and urgently re quired. Water too is commencing to fail, and stockowners are getting anxioue as to their future prospeots. Intelligence from Dubbo by the Ditpatch ef the 8th states that the wether has been very warm. Up to Tuesday afternoon it was unchangeably hot The sun glared down fiercely on Sunday and Monday ; but on Tuesday, about balf-past4 o'clock in the afternoon, we had a lively thunder storm, whioh lasted fully an hour. It was accompanied by rain which fell in heavy drops, and soon the streets which a few minutes before were nothing but dust were huge sheets of water. The rain has done a good deal of good. If it has been general it will do more benefit even than is thought of, but we imagine it is only a local fall. We must, however, be thankful for small mercies. The rain will greatly aid in putting out the bush-fires which have been so prevalent in this locality latterly. It will give the feed a chance of springing up, and last, though not least, it will lay the dust which latterly has been so great a nuieanoe. On the Macquarie, bush fires have been raging. A good deal of damage has been done. Not only have large quantities of grass been destroyed but fencing has also suffered somewhat severely. 8o far, stock of all descriptions are looking well ; but if we have not plenty of rain this month [it will be a blue look-ont for those over* stocked. A correspondent on the Upper Bogan says, speak ing of the state of the country : — ' Travelling stock have had enough to do to get water on these parts of the river, where there are no dams. Thbre are raileB of this water course now with but very little water in it If rain does not soon come, it will be getting awkward for a good many on the Bogan. A letter from Cannonbar tells us that j ' Bu6h fires are raging in all directions on the West Bogan, and are reported to have done a good deal of damage to the I grass and fences. The smoke is so thick that the sun is j seldom visible for an hour after rising, and then oan be looked at quite comfortably without ooloured glasses. The j weather keeps warm and dry, and the water is going fast. If this weather lasts muoh longer, the believers in heavy ; stocking will be taught a lesson they won't forget in a hurry.' From Bourke we hear the weather is dry. The latest from Deniliquin by the Chronicle of the 7th represents that the weather has been extremely hot and without rain, except tbe smallest showers. The temperature on Tuesday was 112* ia the outside shade, and to-day near 111'. In the afternoon we had a short but violent dust storm from the south, it brought np olouds, but only a few spots of rain fell. From the Lachlan we learn by the Forbes Times of Saturday that during the past week there has been a suc cession of scorching hot days, and almost equally hot nights. The thermometer has stood more frequently over 100 degrees than under it, and a change would be hailed with universal satisfaction. Bush fires have been prevalent, and they have not helped to make matters more bearable. From all parts we hear of a great scarcity of grass and water, but as yet stock keep in good health and fair con dition. Business in the local market oontinues exceed ingly dull, and owners of grass and water think twioe before they add to their list of grass consumers. 