WEATHER, AGRICULTURE," &C.; FiioM Albury it is «ported by ihe Manner of Saturday that tin. long-continued drought IB now,, beginning to tell Finiouily upon the feed in eil purts of tho district. -To tho northward the grata is generally burned up, and oven up I ho liter the heat and abstnco of moisture is destroying pastures which can usually be depended upon even in tho most severe Bummers. About Jindera complaints of f corcity of water are beginning to bo heard, and it is to be ' feared that in tho back oounfry the want will soon become eerious. To add to the ill effect« of the drought, bush fires are raging in all directions, and during the past week tho sun bas been partly obscured by the dense olouds of smoko caused in this woy. The crops, as we anticipated, aro turning cut very indifferently, though In some cases the falling off has not been quito so marked as was feared a month ago. Take-all, however, ha« played sad havoc with a largo acreage of wheat, «nd in many places the crops have been cut for hay before attaining maturity. The appearance of the vineyards and orchardi is more satisfactory. In one or two places Blight symptoms . of oidium have been noticed, but the snlphur trootmont having boen promptly applied, will no doubt prove effectual, nnd, judging from uppearanceB, wo should have an abun- dant yield of fruit end grapes. So far, ' the immediate neighbourhood of Albury'has escaped the visitation of locust«, which has proved so rlettructive in various parts of tho celony. Most of the wool has now been sent down lo Melbourne, and tho prices realised for the clip have been satisfactory. The complaint of scarcity of labour U heatd on all hands, and were it not for th» enterprise of our lecal farmers in securing a supply of improved agricultural machinery, the loss and inconvenience ftom this cause would lo heavy. The oit crop in this dislriot boa been an entire failure. Bv the Wettern examiner (Orange) of 8aturdoy, it Is stated that the weather for some tuno past has been un- usually warm and eultry for thÍB part, the ruling features being a nebulous sky, with unrefrehhing breezes. On Tuesday evening last there was a change, a violent storm paesing over tbo town. Although no great downfall of lain accompanied the storm, tho atmosphere has since becomo moro elastic and bearable. ; but, even now, tho weather is unusual for Orange. Bush fires have broken out in different quarter?, but wo have not yet heard of »ny eerious effects. The wheat crops this year are not so goal as it was expected they would bo, though some ore pro- gressing throwing well, especially thofe around Boree. Although rain is much required for the vogotation, it would do no good to tho wheat crops at this stage. In the Hunter district, according ta the Maitland Merowy of Saturday, a nice shower of rain fell on the previous day in Vest Maitland. There waa rain nearly all night at Vacy, en the Upper Paterson ; it was much wanted, as the crops w ere longuishíng. The maize looks fairly well, we hear, end the tobacco promises to bo a euccees this year. A few showers foil at Newcastle daring the night. By ihn Goulburn Herald of Saturday it ia reported that the dry weather, though favourable for harvesting operations, is burning up the grass in all directions. I ho thunderstorm which visited UB on Tuefday evening appears to have been pretty general in there districts. Prom Wheeo and Gund i roo wo learn that eomo rain fell, but not in sufficient quantity to interfere with harvesting operation^. At the latter place, operations will bo over in a, week or so, and the wheat crop will bo better than wss st first anticipated. Bush- fires havo been very prou- vaient during tho past two or three weeks, and reports ari> continually reaching us of the damago caused by them Grass and fencing are being destroyed ia all direction« Fires have been CIOFO to town, but no eerious damagl» bej oud the destruction of feed has been experienced BB jet. At Carccnr (says the Chronicle of the 2nd) thB weather has been anything but agreeable during the lost two or three weeks. The grass is almost burnt up whilit vegetation in general is being very much aff-.cted. Bush fires bave been raging fiercely in many parts of tho dis- trict, ceuifirjfr damago and inconvenience to the settlers', and materially aiding to increase the intense heat whioh wo 'ba^e experienced. On Tueeday evening,however, a break occurred in the weather, but the quanuty of rain -whioh fell hBd the effect of only temporarily laying the dust! In the counfrj' round Yass (according to the Courier of the let instant), the weather continues sultry and dry. On Tuctdiij- there vas a thurderstorm, accompanied bye very meogre downpour of rain ; tut beyond a temporary cooling of, tho atmosphère tho benefits resulting from it were very slight. Bush tires aro still rsging in the neighbourhood. The Wcgca Advertiser of Satutday states that tho weather bus ccntinned to bo dry, tho heat being at times unbearable; and the went of lain is now severely felt in nil parts of the district. This prolonged deprivation of rain is beginning to excito much apprehension. To-day, some indications hove ret in', ufo« drops otr.n'n falling in the evening, and a high cold wind prevails. Some drifting clouds give the h >po that wo vill have a little rain ; but chances of a fall of any importance ecem to be slipht. The reports,of our exchan e.» generally complain of the parchtd appearance of the country, but are yet without any complaints of incon- venience to sfook of any magnitude. 1 he Broughton Creak ccrree[ondentofÜieAAui;M(7iíi(A'«eej,2ndinjtant,wr¡testhit tho weather still continues very dry, and considerable anxiety is felt owing to the want of rain and the threatened drought. Occasional hot winds are also experienced ; but it is hoped that a change for the better will soon take place, Intelligeice from Tamworth to the 1st instant states that for the rust fortnight unbroken dry and intensely hot weather cas prevailed, and future piospeota of feed and general vegetation look extremely gloomy. The country in all directions ia entirely denud-d of gras«, through the contnued torrid heat, unielieved by a partiólo of rooisturel and on tbo Flinns the graethoppcrs had ' previously don* what the lack of rain has resulted in elsewhere. On ihe Peel, mining, whether reefing or sluicing, is at a complete Mntdstill for want of water. Pastoralists and agri ul lurhts. from the same cause, are aliko becoming anxious ahbut thoir respective avocations, and their anticipation«, arc the reverse of reassuring. So far as the wheat sewn ban been couoeined everything was favourable, and the hnnctt was a very plenteous one. Thcimairo and potato! cío!» will, however, be destroyed unle-s ruin falls speedily: SptaH'ngof t-UFh fire*, Ihe Narrabri Brer»Wof Decfeuiber. Si lcinaiks that the nights' horizon has been lit up during the rast week with tho reflection of bush flros'in rainy quBiters. Baan. Baa run hns benn burning; the Gundea n,r.in bullock paddock has had the fire rnn over a goodlv por- tion of it, and it took all hands all they knew toVet it under, and on Saturday night last there WOB a bright light in the heavens up Eulah Creek way. The grass is, geiod-| neFS knows, short enough in supply withont its being burned up. Travellers cannot be too rarrful with their pipe lights iheao times; manya most destructive confit-1 priilii n has been caused by the thoughtless dropping Of a iigbttd match, and hundreds on hundreds of acres of vain-' able feed-the squatters and selectors last hope ugaimt n< reason of drought, sneh as now seems impending- havo' been Ihus swept away and lost to them It is true, the enrih hss been lately so parohed, the herbage so dry, and tho beat so intense, that spontaneous combustion has not impohsibly started these fires. Wo once saw a bush lire originate through.the concentration of the sun's rays! through the bottom of a broken white glass bottle; that' fire did not spread, but many others may have arisen from just such simple cause. Still to all we would say: Ile csreful with fire, in any form, JUBÍ now. Let all observo, the golden inle: "Do unto others as von would be done by." The report from Hay by the Standard of December! 3t)th stales that tot drj weather bo» been the rule in thi-> districtMnoeour lura îeporl, and the accounts from all. quarters vary very little in this respect. The appearances of aprobable change have bien frequent; but the dark ominous olojods have all blown over without any perceptible i letulU r , V, li 