LAIESI ETJEOPEAN. INTELLIGENCE. (»«O«IB1 I. H. UIUU.) Londoh, October SO. The Prince of Wales has embarked from Suez for Indu. The Duchess of Edinburgh has given birth to a daughter. The St. Petersburg ' Official Gaietto ' distrusts the. promises of the Turkish Government as to reform, and declares that the Great Powers must take steps to strengthen confidence, and end the bad condition of the Christians in Turkey. The money market is easier, and apprehensions of money being dearer are subsiding. The price of wool is unchanged ; there is a restricted inquiry. Copper is easier. Transactions in tin are of an average character. The corn market is quiet and easy ; wheat supplies are abundant. Tna Torres Straits mail steamer arrived ? with the mails from Europe, on Monday, at Townsville. TRSrvxa has been committed for trial on eight other distinct charges of forgery. Liedt. Kossell has been reprimanded for his late fracas with a brother officer. His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson sailed for Melbourne on Tuesday. Mr. J. V. Livers filed his schedulo on Tuesday, his liabilities are nearly £1000. Thh body of a young woman was found at Bondi Beach on Monday ; her name is at present unknown. A fire took place at noon on Tuesday at the Pelican Hotel, Sydney, and the roof was completely destroyed. Joseph Carr, whilst endeavouring to subdue tho flames, lost his balance and fell from the roof head foremost to the ground, and died shortly afterwards. Ok Tuesday hot dust storms prevailed in Sydney, and bush-fires were raging all round the city. Two fire engines were despatched by special train to Fairfield to protect the houses in close proximity to the flames. Aviolkbt thunderstorm pawed over Maitland on Sunday, doing serious damage to crops and vineyards. Referring to tbe increasing crime of forgery in high circles, the Sydney correspondent of tho 'Kivorino Gniiier' says :— We have had a startling exposure of villainy lately. Mr Treevo of tho late firm of Kayncs and Treevo has been committed to trial on a fresh charge of forgery. The firm had been largely trusted, especially by ecclesiastical authorities, as honorable Christian men, in whose hands the interests of widows, orphans,' religious institutions and charitable causes were perfectly safe. The other day poor Bayncs died, and it was reported that his partner had received from England news of a baronetcy and a fortune falling to his lot. Then came a rumour of fraudulent proceed ings. It was said Kayncs was not dead at all, but gone from the country, while a coffin filled with rub bish was buried in the gravo. Now if the Hon. G. W. Allen, W. Neill of the City Bank, and other nspon oiWe men are to be believed, it is certain that Mr Treeye has been committing forgery by wholesale. It is said the Bishop or Trustees of Church property have lost £10,000 by him. To-day nn advertisement in forms us that owing to the non- payment of the price of tho Branxton estate sold by the firm of Baynes and Treeve; Mrs Wntson, a widow of 85, who' lately lost her son*, her only support, is left penniless. Truly a heavy burden lay on the head of tbe deceased partner, if he was privy to the action of the survivor. Tbe trial in November will reveal the amount of guilt, wo must still, as Englishmen, say 'if any' — cuargeablo to the prisoner. It is frightful to find such hollowness in respectable commercial society. If the former severity of the Law 'would hava prevented forgery, it is a pity it has been modified. But I do not think hanging forgtro by tho score would ever exterminate the crime. Other means must be used to purge society of falsehood and fraud. [Ik is understood that thirty-six mori in formations have been filed against this highly respect able member of society— Ed. G. TJ Ah action for Hbol, brought by Mr M'Elhone, M.L.A against the 'Stockwhip,' for some remarks in that paper upon his candidature for the Upper Hunter, is to be beard at the forthcoming sittings of tht Supreme Court. The most eminent counsel are engaged. GjussnorrsRS are very numerous and destructive on liverpool Plains. They are travelling in a south cutarlr direction. A crowd of people assembled at 1 o'clock on Monday afternoon (says the '8. M. Herald') at the corner of King and Castlereagh- streets, having had their atten tion directed to a workman in a most perilous position on the top of the Montpellier Hotel. Tho man had ?fallen on the parapet. He lay on his back on it, with one leg and one arm dangling over tho side of the b.nilding. Had ho made a movement to one side, it seemed certain that he would havo had his life dashed ? out of him on the pavement below. Mr W. Camb and others rushed up tbe ladder to his atsistance, and -removed him on to .the roof, where ho was gradually -restored from what appeared to have been a fit. 11 Ii would be as well for business people and otbors ?ays the ' Toss Courier,' - to oxamine carefully the coins they receive, and particularly sovereigns, as a large number of counterfeit* of tho latter, are now in this district, and several have been passed as genuine.. Wo yesterday 'raw ten of these imit\tion sovereigns. [ ? HuHxciLLHKor the Governor of Queensland has (ir«n £100 to the National Agricultural Association. 