I ay mornm^-ii?tt^not'6& ...riiis will enabT^'our and composing staffs to ?nas holidays as muck as PSfjlhere have bSen many "Jim Crow" per g C-iinces enacted ..within the Chamber of ^Legislative Assembly, but never did a ; muster so suddenly bring about a change of front" as did the burly Knight of Warmanr bool last evening. After some unimportant ^business bad been transacted, ; Sir James !-M^pulloch jumped up, not to proceed with .the discussion on the budget, but with the .La'nd Act AirieniLment Bill. By a side wind tkePremier sougbt^to evade Mr Tuckers re solution affirming ;thc desirability of the House being dissolved, and when one comes to consider that one of the ' "features" in the new. Bill deals especially with the collection of increased assessments on pastoral runs, there can be no gainsaying the fact that the" bait was a tempting one, This clause," if carried, will, according to Mr Casey, bring £30,000 .into the coffers of the State; but of what use collecting it if; the financial scheme of the Ministry being rejected, the money has to he returned. > The discussion was proceeding wlit'n our reporter left the House, but sub sequently we received a telegram announcing that the Land Bill had passed its second reading, and been committed. M'elearufrom Drysdalc that Mr J. B. X^neh;' MP. is suffering from ca severe attack of iijluenza,'and is. consequently i]p abltrto atl^a'to m^'I'ariVameiltary duties. ' Almost it the eleventli hour,' when thou-, sands of tickets have been distributed throughout the country, the Government have steppjd in to prevent the Ballarat Art Union beiig carried out to a successful issue. If all who.iiave sold tickets are tb be prose cuted, what on immense attendance there will be u/ tradesmen and others at the dis trict Police Courts some of these days. ; ; The Chamber of Commerce is to be known by that ligh-sounding title no more. This, one of the handsomest, buildings in Geelong, is in fufnrc to he tlie' Pree -Library. At a meeting 'of tlie subscribers to the Library, held last evening, it was elicited that not only Lad the'building. been purchased from Mr Ibbotson, for the sum of £3200, .lint, • also, that £1000 of this amount had been paid over. Ifow the question of site has been so satisfactorily settled, it is hoped those who 'held aloof mid would not subscribe, fearing the'erection of a building in Market-square, will-send m their "donations to the com ;ijqttee. "\3festerday the scene' at Hie Geelong Rail way W**tioii vras.pharacteristie of the season. The.amva^Gi each^train from Ballarat and the u^conntfjyj 'dirtricts brought troops of friends and visr^ors^eYideiitly bent on the cnjcynient'<h ;a'?pt.iibd-<rf^recreatioii at the sea-side. Mengji in life were ilistinguiahablei—it.iniStberag'ajid artisans, and ■well-to-do tradesnren-Jw^^onld afford to entrust the care of thei|gfi^0iiiesseS> tp ■well tried servants.^. The^^^t^lJeing^iine summer apparel, wliicli' ha^Jw^^ discanied a week ago for the winter overcod^tjrtdp? minated, and contributed greatly to4he3oifiS-§ what festive nature of the scene. It is- eytji dent that the excursion trains will he largely-3 used by the public, judging from present appearances, as hundreds with limited means will be glad to avail themselves of the op portunity of a cheap trip to the seaside. It is to be hoped that the Railway Department will be sufficiently mindful of- the exigencies of the present season as to prevent any causes of complaint, and thus render holiday tra velling on the Victorian lines a pleasure instead of a work of toil, during the ensuing jeason.. Four hot days in succession; summer has surely arrived at last! The following heat was registered by Mr C. K. Pearson yester day:—11 a.m.,J sun 102, shade So; 1 p.m., sun .10S, shade 86 ; 3 p.m., sun 116, shade 87, or "three degrees hotter than on Monday An old colonist assures us we are to have it very much hotter still, and, thanks to the luxuriance of .the grass, may look out for some alarming bush-fires- The hydrant was at work yesterday, and again imparted a re freshing coolness to our streets. It having been found one hydrant is not enouffhl as. the water dries up too quickly, ^fchaijgsGii decided to purchase another. The Corpora tion are justly entitled to the- tfi»i>fr<~ of -the community. f ' The announcement made by our Melbourne correspondent on Monday, thit liaving been disposed of for nil practice match, Mr Wills had lost all/chanee.bf being selected as one of the IntereoUmiri'jplByers, has created some surprise.»||ne- bricketing circles here. It was neve* iM*feby,d he^would he chosen on accouiil.'gjrin^^lpilii.ig skill, hut it is very justjy*^d, j^plketled to a place in the ] generalship which ftefefccrS.ih the colony from. Boyle i^jaire free to admit is super* ^ ■ rjfcoVItliat" possessed by any known In. addition to tliis, as a bow uIer, he has most conclusively shown him self to be more effective than any who have been chosen, and it is hoped the match committee will yet be induced to reconsider their choice and find a place for him in the team. If they do there can be little doubt the chances of Victoria winning will be much, increased. In neither practice match hav ihevcrybest bats in Yictou been able to score off liis trundling am'ltkere is every reason to suppose the iNew Suth Wales men would be equally at fault. ' \ The only business befort tlie bench of magistrates at the Police Govt yesterday was a case of larceny, in whih two yourrg_ fellows named Charles Brook and John Harkaway, were charged with staling a pair of elastic side boots valued at b, the pro perty of William Vischer. Tkcorosecutor and the prisoners were all cmp'kred on the barque Queen Emma, the lattci working their passage round from Newcaile. The boots were missed by Vischer betwW 9 and 10 o'clock on Monday morning then all hands, except the two prisoners, vcr. aloft. The missing property was afterwards isuad at a'fishrnonger's named Bigm ore, where the prisoners had asked leave, to let them reman nntil called for, being enclosed in a carpft hag which Vischer identified as belonging to Brooks. Constable Heffernan who arrested the prisoners, stated that they had made contradictory statements to him, one putting the blame on the other. When asked bj the Mayor how they would plead to the clrwge, Brooks con/esssed to taking the boots, bit stajed ire did so because he had been if treated by;.Vischer on several occasioni, Harkaway denied any knowledge of thi theft, and -was discharged, his mate receiving 21 days imprisonment. The Mayor, Mr Pan ton P.M., and Mr Couv.es were the presiding magistrates. - The following startling statements were made by the Mayor' of' Melbourne at the public meeting held in the metropolis on j Monday evening, to consider what steps should be taken to compel bakers to giffffnU weight:—"The Mayor remai rniii renrGsentations had been"" ^concerning short weight in iS^matSrThe _ ___ r^Maicm "^fo'thnunijerS weigjits"i^^.l»w( '*k © uo®r'e»^rere what were ?6aves. In three instances small portion** Bread were supplied to make up the 'sreigo but the loaves averaged 3Joz. short weight -ou each 21b. Igq^ giving only full-weighty loaves for 100 loaves "Old usually. That] ;Was a loss °C nearly 10 per cent, and was ft' 'liiatter of very serious consequence to the poor. Taking the population of the suburbs itfllO.OOO, and estimating att* average con sumption per head per day of lib of bread, there would be a daily loss of weight of 9.j tons of which the public were defrauded. That would represent about £146 lGs per; Say, or £53,39S per annum. If people wanted fancy bread they might expect +.p pay 'ft fancy price, but when people asked tor a 21b. loaf they ought to get full-weight. The. loaves he had tested were from loz. to ooz. short, the average deficiency being 3Joz." A very pleasant evening was spent on Monday "at the Gymnasium, by the members and friends, on the occasion of separating, for a short recess during the Christmas, koli d ftyf#j>f\ Mi o.xi^L1(- exercises, those present. resolved. themselves into a social reunion, the. chair being occupied by Mr Beeves. The loyal toasts having been disposed of, .the chairman, in proposing sue-; cess to nthlbtic sports, adverted to the desira bility of encouraging these as aids Wtlie de velopment of the mind as well lis of the body, insisting that for the former to he sound, the latter must be so, too ; and he knew of no thing better in the whole-range of athletics for the achievement of this than a skilfully administered system of gymnastics, whereby every muscle of the body'conldbe reached; and young and old alike might participate in its health- giving exercises. In that room were all the necessary appliances, and in the person of their instructor, Mr Keichmann, they , had one. whose judicious method, adapted.itself to the requirements of the weak and the strong, {lie youthful stripling ■ and the mature adult, as their various capabilities developed. Mr Keichmann, in responding, mentioned'that he had long been "snch"as cricket, rowing, football,- etc., and thorougMy believed in the maxim, mens sana in. corpora sano. He considered that young people studying for matriculation or literary distinction were placed at a great disadvan tage if they neglected means of physical im provement, and gave all their time to brain work. He assured them it" would not pay in the long -run. Many persons had got the idea that the exercises of a gymnasium con sisted of mere tumbling and circus tricks, hut, as those present well knew, such was not by any means the case, the end being the promotion of muscular development. Snch was only to be attained by steady progres sive work of such nature as to bring into play the various muscles : of the body. Several other healths were drunk, including Mr Keiclrmamrs and family, the visitors, and' the ladies. Music and singing varied the proceedings, and after spending a very enjoy- ■ able evening together the company separated to meet again for exercise on the 10 th January next. ' We have been requested by. Mr T. Biinnett, Clerk of Courts, to request all publicans to whom certificates for original or renewal of licenses were granted at the annual meeting, to call for the same without delay. Another wool ship (tlieBenmore) cleared out yesterday for London, with G71S bales of wool, and a quantity of-basils and leather. The Allanshaw's loading will be completed earlv in Jannarv. .. At the meeting of the Mechanics' Literary Class this evening, Mr B. Hoare "will deliver lecture entitled " Lord Byron as a "Poet," .js^tlus is the last meetmg of the. class in, a full attendance is" anticipated. HjjTtliat appeared in Monday's Age that a emu had died, suddenly frej^jijjirlet fever, at Qucenocliffe,-Has been officSSy contradicted "by the secretary or LKe Local'-Board: "of Health, "who characterises the statement as "being -wholly incorrect, the child in question * (lying from congestion of the hrain. "^itf justice to the correspondent of the Age, it'ihay he stated a rumour was very freely circulated here on Sunday that it was scarlet fever the child had died from.'; and there-were circumstances connected with thecase which folly justified him in believing the child had died of an infections disease. Still, it would hive been better had he insti tuted enquiry ibefore igiving currency to a rumour. This|Rrid'|do!;no good, and was calculated tq;dp?^ripus'mjury to Queens-.' cliffe. ' Mr Dredge, '.be head teacher of the Colao State .School,: complains of the report fur nished JiffH.cia"' correspondent of the enter tainmiKjJSSn by the scholars of his school. Of course rj&fiare; not in a position to judge rwhethepotfr ©Respondent's opinion respect jirg^he; ehtertainmeixt is fully justified— "there, is" always a difference of opinion on such" matters, and in justice to Mr Dredge we "readily consent to republish the following ac count of the afiair'from the C'olac Times of tlie'lSth inst;—" Quite a crowd of old and young assembled last evening at the Oddfel lows' Hall, on the occasion of an entertain ment given, by the scholars of the Colac State School, in aid of the Christmas treat to be provided for the children. The enter-" tainment passed off remarkably well; the recitations were well delivered, the.Bongs sweetly sung, and the choruses were .in tune and tune. Altogether the performances of the young people were very satisfactory, and evinced that considerable pains liad been bestowed, by the head teacher and his assis tants in training them," At a meeting of the burgesses of Kardinia "Ward, held yesterday, under the presidency of Alderman Davey, Mr William Hill, of Great Eyrie-street, was elected Assessor, vice Mr Howey, deceased. The Hibernica %ompany concluded their season in Geelong last evening. There was a good attendance on the floor of the Mecha nics' Hall, but the gallery was rather sparsejj i filled. The programme was well carried oat, as usual, being exceedingly mirth provokino each member of the company putting iortj his or her best efforts ta please the audience and thus leave a good impression beiiij-J them. Before the curtain fell Mr William on behalf of the management, thanked t;. Geelong public for the patronage aceordi] them during their stay. Mr J. A. Hamill is announced to deliver | lecture this evening on "Christmas, j, Heathen Origin, and Adoption by the Ip pacy." No doubt there will be a nuinerc® attendance to hear Mr Hamill give his id<4, upon the question. The membeis of .the Geelong and \\\ ester District St. Patrick's Society are to meet a Tuesday evening next, to transact busing of importance, particulars are advertised, It will he seen by advertisement the Wj. tern Stage Company intend, as usual'» make excursion trips with their ugl appointed coaches, when liberal fares vj to the rule. A green goose at Michaelmas is a tin;;, honored dish tn England ; in Victoria it j at Christmas a specimen of this celebrsy bird is most prized by bon vtcaul*. In 03 advertising columns MrLittlewood annotate I10 has for sale some very fat young gey. One of these birds he has shown us, and 3 certainly is a monster. Geese are. saidfc have saved the capital of Pome; Mr Litik rood's birds would appear to have devotee tieir attentiou to the saving of Grease. . Two well-known suburban properties aht be offered at auction this day, at noon, V M- John Davison. The Dne is " Thomoinl fornerly the property ok Mr John Myies formerly M.D.A. for Sotath Grim^.anAp situated, on- tho shores ofvibe bet. tTtC-1 -> _ ,yi_ _ ,S5$&S;, •bent to reJdojfwW^^J^fijua*^ fcadiattfy- wfwve "tfih i^Toice^-Of M IBqgL Edols, These pmpertaefaapb^Stnsc, l*pirited competition- *" - > 1 We regret some glaring mistakes and omis iBS^yere made m reporting the proceeding W^Be .Town Gouscd on Monday. Alder jtaliyfrey was A iavorof the market being e 0110 and-not rented, as reported Cr.- Gdjgi)%"as appointed to the vacancy in Uifc.l$i§3jM«®Qhutteej caused by the resig nafibn.t#t^1flt?86y, and Cr. Johnstone was electee meiatfct oWhe- Kardraia Park Com. mittis, viecSCJL ISgliB, resigned ly captor^ of soils would appear likely to become ajprcfif^e occupation- in thes»' jW~iter3. recently made a trip to the Want Roekmbwlimuid Island, situated at the- southern, •JliAnity of Phillip Island. Tliey were only ,t^w>fdr three weeks and' notwithstanding y^feprnaUyi. boisterous; weather, obtain&dfS-;^lloiiS flf oil frc* seals shot, -beside good skins as spe The Black Bocks: ^ wind and we.tthcroAit<£§ ox tent of til out. acres. The only sege ice-plant and lichen. Sjj some kind of shelter ants in the shape which was occupied by M'ijeaivtmd Bonil •who, after three weeks of t-hi-'i ^lnantiO It began to pine for cmlisatioqsOf the nun land. This is not surprising, When the s ti ' of the weather recently is considered. : A .plenty of seals were seen, no doubt ano.lht trip will be made next year, somewhat ewl« * than this time. ■■■■■■' | A. very funny canard is set afloat i by jit Maryborough Advertiser. Is l^K^Sect tha the Berry party and the squatters have en tered into a compact to secure a dissolution in order that the protective tariff may h enlarged, and a land tax he imposed of sncl a character as shall fall very lightly oil tin large estates, and tend to promote the alpsa tion of the smaller ones. This, the Canto remarks, will be news, indeed, to the (foe sition. It appears appropriatcl'V .j-^v^y^lmrinignianses all clcrgyir-o:: si Bars, blasphemers. cozeners, and ndnH-™~ A gentleman, now a resident in Mary borough, but who formerly was personally acquainted with the late Mr Singer, ci sewing-machine celebrity, supplies the Stan danl with the following brief notice Mi Singer was born about the year 1S13 at Breslau in Silesia, Germany, and belonged to what are called reformed .German Jem. He was by trade a locksmith, and was noted for his ingenuity in the finishing department of that trade. When about 21 years of age lie went to New .York, and worked as a locksmith, hut after a time went to Panama, to his brother-in-law, who was the proprietor of a large dry goods store. Here he remained forLabout' twelve months, when he decided upon returning to New York, for the pur pose of trying his hand on a sewing machine, his brother-in-law. nobly assisting him to the extent of 1000 dollars. On arriving at New York he fell in with a Frenchman, who bad saved something like 5000 francs, besides acquiring the knowledge of the intricacies of a serving machine. The two then entered into partnership for a period of five years, and, during that timSYesdised sufficient 'o satisfy the Frenchman, who sold out of the business for over four million dollars. Singer still carried_on the business, and his mecha nical skill was ..so great that he continued making improvements on the machine that may be almost said to be perfection, and such was the demand for the article that 3000 men were kept constantly employed in their manufacture. About eight years ago . this enterprising man sold his interest to a company in Nerv York for the - large sum of nine million dollars. We understand he never changed his creed, but died as he lived, ■ .a Jew. - 