ILLAWA1RRA. OuCTar e V. "TliExperiences ofan"Emigrafnt tMechanic" -His sketch of Illawarra-A bush fire- Descent of thile l'ass-uGerraghty's lut-Route to the Lakle-A cabbage . tree bridge--Slab splitting--DainIer, Spork, and tea, with variations--]?,l "ran.mpment in the.ll tlhick "1ush " Rain, and its pleasures-" Companions .in Solitude"-Tle homestead-The sawyer land his boys- Lords of the Forest- - l'Planking--" Solid-eyo-ball ing"-aind countler joys, (Caonlinued,) S"IN two dys' time, I had found a '"fall of timber' (as a group of trees is termed), which Dick thought would suit my pur pose. They were fine, tall black-butts, even as a gun-barrel, and as straight in the grain as a skein of thread. We tumblod two or three for trial, taking off and split ting up a cut tIe required lmength of the slabs; these were to be lot into ground plates below, and wall-plates above, all round, to form the sides of thohouso. The slabs all ran out beautifully: you could scafeoly tell them from sawn stuff; there was hardly a splinter on half-a-dozen of them. When work goes like this, it is ra thor a pleasure thian a toil ; and for anlitlher week wo welit rattling on like sticks a-cracking. * * * We wore up by day. break, w'orkod for about two hours, iand then had our breakfast-damlper, salt pork, friedi, and good tea. *" * * After brealk fast, we pelted away ngain until noon; and then had dinnor-diamper, tea, iand pork again--and laid down till the heat of the day'was over-about three o'clook; we thean worked'for another hour; had a sinak iof tea, pork, anid. dampar; and knockdd along till night. About 8 p,., we had our supp&r-pork;, tea, aud damper once more,-ald soon after I were under the lblmkets. * * * !'"Theo spot whore we had pitched our tenot was a small, grassy forest, on the hill side; and everywhere around it;, down be low in the endless ravines, and up above towaids insurlnountable heights .of the lange, was thiek, tangled bushl, growing amidst lofty trees, so thick set, that be. ndnath them was perpetual shadowV,, or rather something more gloomy still. The ground was covered with decaying leaves, and old, wator-loggod, wind.fall treci, so rotten that the foot could break its way deep into the substance of the gnarled wood, wvhichl at one tilmeo wouldl have stop lpod a cannon ball., Wherever you went, crooks of cry4tal, ice-like water, plunging down the mountain side, each in its stony bed,.kept up a. nmulmur day and night; never changing, saeve when increased by loins into the roar of a torrent. This monuntain, or,?mnoro properly, heap of moon talns, strotclihed down, whore we weore at work, nearly into the sea ;' and for many miles every way the character of thie voege tation was as I havo.ldoscribod, Certainly, hereo and there a little patch of gritssy forest would assort a place for itself on tihe shouldor of a hill, land partly down the side: but,- generally, the entire surface of Sthis lange, for many miles up and dowvn the coast overy way, was clothed with tlhis thick brush; besildes wlhich so irregular, broken, lud confused was the surfaco of thile lango itself, that even tile best bush men felt tlmid of committing tlcmsoelves to it, Thus, in one of tlhoso little grassy forests in tle uildst of the haush, on tilhe shoulder of an easy ridge, about two miles back fromsh teo sca'mad so far up that weo could so' it like a bioad sheet of water bo low us, was pitchlled our little lihut, It was neo more thanl thie few shoets of bark tlhat we'lhad strlipplod oil'ff a blnok- butt:loeanoed to. gother, top to top, telt-liko, with one ond stopped by anoth?r slhooet; md the firen ~'oew feeoot in front 0on the groInd at the oether, S"(Hero we 'handboonsay ten dtys, ywhen Imn sbt in, nlnd it fell witli such a .wvill'thal t Iiaogam to be initiated into theodismtstoraof amush life, The .rain ameo tlhi'ough.the' roof of thle hut, nIsif we 'had 'boon makilg arrangemenuts in its favour;: and no sooner, had we stopped it thlere than llit began to r11 through the bottom'of tli huit 'lklO a m, jill stream ; thell, as we hadn, in our confl. l 'dace of fine weather, laid our bods on the ground, tlhey geot thoroughlysoaalcod mi and s~oraoly had we, in,the pourhing rain, dug a t~eonch round theo'baok of our hut, to turn the water, when we found the ranin had put Sthle lOts out, * * * S' "Tlho roeador. miay ininglno the first wae .ty ovor, ad mny aiso ilmaginenu the rnil ''in going patter, patter, patter all the night, as as we lay on our wet blankets- with the dry side upwards, and all our old clothes laid on the top, to keep the damp from soaking up to us : and he may suppos, e the next day passing and passed ; our firoke Ipt good; our pipes filled again, and again, and again ; soveral pots of tea drank out of slher want of ,occupation ; and ourselves venturing out two or three times in the course of tlhe day, to lookl if it wore liklcely to clear up, but discerning nothing, save trees upolt trees, below, aroullnd, above, with a)) occasional little column of smoke cir chling slowly up from where a sawyer wias freslhening his fire at some gunyahl, in a gully; and feeling no breath of air, only thle constait sprinkle of the rain, and hearing nothing but sudden downecrash of the big limb of some fast- delaying tree breakling off, soddened ind ovoerwoighted by the wet; or, it might be, at distant in tervals, a somnething like the low, lharsh sound of the sea rattling tlhe pebbles of a shingly beach, a little way down in the woody depth to the loft, but as faint and as soon gone ias the sigh of the dying. * * " I must adidl, however, that we were not altogethor alone in these savage solitudes, As I have already ]hinted, the costly and fragrant cedar was at this timle a colmmonO forest tree in the shaldy recesses iand beside the cool, stony creeks of thle lange. When I add that, at tlhe time of which I write, nearly oneo hundred pair of sawycrs hlad gradually collme down fromn Sydciey, and grathlored into this nmountain, and were (as they continued to be for years afterwards), slaugitering trees in all directions, it will not be wondered at that the pride of the ]ive islands Cedar 3Bush is long sinco golne -especially when it is considered, that no Itoro is done by the bush sawyer than to broeakl the logs down into planks, manIIy of which contains four, five, or six hundred sq.feet. Aftoriwards, thologsbeing freighlted to Sydney, and ou to Etgland, plerhapsi, are out up in timber yards as they are wanted. * * * Meanwhile, scattered at various distances fromnus all over the seaward side of theio Ratge, where thi cedar grows, wore these 100 pair of sawyers; eachlpair (unsu. tlly) lavi?ing one or two labourers, or axe mel;'Wllhua huLillA,,0I1 wi to.. savO the 81s~1 yors' time by felling the trees, crossecuttmg them into logs, buildingscaffold-pits, msakl roads and bridges, antd helping at' any heavy lifts. Some of these gangs -wore within less distancee of us than our omploy er's farm was; but there weore no roads from their huts to ours, andi to traivol the eodar bush in the twilight of rainty day is ncext to imlpnracticalble. ~ * " We wore occupied iabout two months in gettiing our stuff; uand thie next throo were taeon up in the eroction of the building. Mr. -? farmn was olose to a salt-water inleot lying betweeoon two lowflats, in thoi; nlturald state, coveroed withll a perfootly im porvious bush. The s6il was of the richest deoscription. On eorilch side of this low tiaot the country wast very mountainous, jild in some pilaces timbored with flin, tall forest trees; in others clad with brush andsorub, Wheoro tim foot of one of thoso rangks ran down with anu easy slope into thie iflatsa, Mr \- lihad rfixed his first huts ; uand,:as tihe poitt of the hill'contained altogothirn threeo or four sores, there wasplenty of room for tihe now building, as well as tle old. Ah thd most olovated spot lt tt had'ha about an noro and a half oloied sud stumlped, for' the orootion, of his now hIouse. 'l'lTus it stood in a little hollow squars,bakohd and flanked on each sidd by the forest, aind loolcing down fromn the forest on .the old fanrn buildingse , and tl.ou.ltivatod landtc It was some thirty-flve ofoot In leIngth, by twenty it depth ,liko all' bush-houses, it was only 'nd story hlligh l; and, like almost all, had a verandah in front, of. 'abouit six feet deep,.5 * ,5 - "It wasnear o wintoer woen thie- buildlg was oompleted ; :and, hiivilig dilsposed of tldh Iof my tgols as l cotld hot well carry vith me, I set off one morninig, after brca, fast, for the mnoro settled parts of thie couii try (in soiroh of' fresh employm'dnt). ' My route lay partly ldong the soboacohl, antd itr'~lythrouigh the tatiglad' and c gloomy maseso of he pbda busi. ' * * Abont' noon I got to a snwyer's hut iu the very middle df thi bush,; vhor- I hial booi tolki b would be bost for ime to stop, rinl have my dinier, No work was going on'h only the dog groeeted me with some luistygrowls as I cams ?p,, It wnas touit'lhiut, thatohd with tthe fnaullliko .loaves iof 'Ite oabbitg. tiew) opeD J 0 1t dike wdit, wthh the So' ini front. On coming up, I could see that the only'occupant of tlhe hut for the time be ing was the dog, who stood in the entrance, and very.plainly told me I must come no further. 1 therefore contented myself with uislinging my load, filling my quart pot at the creek below, freshening up the fire, ad takilng possessioni of the back of it for ly kitchen. * * - * When Ihal d dinied, aiml was just about to shouller my load, and start againl, two little boys caine, bare footed, along ai track out of the bush. Tlhese were the sons of the sawyer that the lhut and adjoining pit belonged to. They told me hlu was gond round among the otlher pits to look for a mate ; acfter which, dismissing Ponto very summarily, will somethiug short of a brokelr- back, they made me come in; * * * and Iwas not long in determining to stop wherel was for the night. The lads' father camoe homo between thlree aid four o'clock, by which time it was getting very dark; for the shades of evening take possession of the codar bush an hour and a half earlier than they do of the open country, especially in the deep winding, hollow ways of the rn vines of the coast mountains-a little within the entrance of one of which was the hut, The sawyer w?as a Laucashliro man ; his wife ihad beeO deald some years, ind hle 1had brought up those two boys in tihe wild bush, all by himself-except that le usually had a mate for hIis work. 'lTho consequence was, that the little fellows, at nineo and tei years of ago, could take their axo iand fell a mioderate-sizedl tree ildmost as well as any sawyer's labourer ii the'buslh. "In the course of the evening,.he msadoi an offer of takling ime for a mate- which. I inmediately accepted-anld the next cday siw us at wdrlk.' Heo was in the midst of a very good fill of timber, but the ground was so rough and thickly wooded, that woe had to build a fresh pit'to almost overy troo. These pits wore morely scaffold side-' strikes, lodged on po'sts agailnst trees, with long, easy skids leading up to them for pitting the log. * * * Some of the trees that we were engaged in foilling were noble-looking objects, with lthloir great supurs running out at the butt lilke the but tresses of a castleo: and when one of these loll before. the9 axo wlrnt a 11,·-o"· o---'"-'' it o{.ushecl beofro it I Nuld Wht ran opening it made in the brush I It was seldom vwe eross-cut thlologs off longer thau 11 or 12 foeet, but our planks were soimetimnos a couplo of fet square' on the end, or three and four feet in deplth, by six, dight, or ten inches in thickness. These planks were always taken out on either one side oor other of the heart 'of thIe tree-that pasrt itself being too porous'iand 8poilgy for use, As the phankscanme off the pit, they woro rolled over into one largo stack in some colnvenient spot a' foew foot off; and when time whole tree was out up, this .heap was covered over with cabbage-treeoo loaves, on tlie outside, to'profetot the timber fiom the weavothor. The wood of those trees genorally, where we woro outtinig, was very flowery and variegated, and the colour very good when first out, nothing could tit first exceed the splenidid crimson of some of thoe planks, There i a very fragrant scent from it, of which, ihowvoyer, is person woiking amonglt it soom cnsoass to be sonsible, Another singilnr and boeautifial peculiarity'.is, tho flame it yields in burning,' S|ometimies, laying onthehfireo of a night a heavy, out. side alabi in its green state, I used to obi sOrve it molt gradually awayin an almost imperceptible flamoe of hindosoribably boeau tiful pink; the flanie itself looking more like moere light than fire, . "We used to got up "in the winter, mid have our brealkfast before going to work the day being so short in the oodar brusl; But whenoa we did begin to. work, it wms pretty 'cold oye-balling.'' A codar saw yor's outs are vei'y deeoop,.and a deep out makes the siw move stiff Again, tho liftri n i oedar brush iovery heavy, 'I' hays often worked, for halfa-a-dsy togeotlhmswithl Slover thait 'I could barely lift into :it plaeo,, Bosidos this, thb only intoermlssioil throiugh the, dy ie one houi'. at nIdon 'f?? dinnir, audi porhaps twenty minutes to w?ads 'tsh lhttdr pIt of" the Afternoono 'fl'fteeon of which the toipnan employs in brilghtoilng'up his saw, sd theo pitmanut in lioilling i couple of pots of tot, and throw. ig the dust odut of his pit; the other five are ocoupiod':in me.,very ,active lunch; Both men, if theoy aro smoltors, lglht theoir shabort lpipes,:Cd tirn ta with thn in 'tlhosl umouthl; If liny man canil farly s'ay, at nilht:thltt the ' l i o a s throdln s d0og ftlry ,' . . ,i. ', ' . ' i hard dcay's run,' it is thile cedar-sawyer: and a striking peculiarity of the class is their. colour, or rathelr deficiency of all colour. A few months' residence and hard workin thu brush, leave most men as pallid as co!rpses. Probably, tlhis is chiefly the eofrect of shado, promoted by excessive Iperslira tion ; for it is not necessarily attclnded lby anly sensation ,of illness. "It is d(luringi the three or four hours which elapse after his workl that the saw yer enjoys himself most. The success of thoe day, tile piospedts of a good cutting, or an advantageously shaped log, on tlhe morrow, the pleasanlt perfume of the pips, the cheering pot of ten again and again..rn pented, with each new yarn, or joke, or laugh, the busy and pompous excursions and barlings of the dclogs, the pattering shower, the cloudsof fireflies that dance along in their angular courses where thie cold strefn tumbles among great stones in the bed of the creek-such are the objects which occupy his senses and his thoughts. "All the time we were cutting, thme Sydney timber merchant, witlh wvhom my mate had contracted, had bullocks "and teams dlrawing the plankl down to the boat-harbour, uand schooners conveying it to Sydney; so thalnt, when our last load was shipped, we had only to go on board, and proceed with it to Sydney." (l'o be Continued, ) 