LOCAL NEWS.: SHiPBUn.MNß in Sytooy.-There » now in course of construction at Mr. Macquarie'« Shipbuild- ing establishment a composite auxiliary screw , steamer,' of about 250 tons, which is being built to the order of Mr. George Stable, of Gympie, Queens- land, and intended specially to trade between the northern ports, carrying horse stock, machinery, &.C, and as -Ti rule Heavy material. With.this intent in view it became necessary to increase the ordinary f strength of the ship^and therefore all material used ii far in excess of the .requirements .as laid down in Lloyd's rules. The ship is being constructednnder the immediate'supervision of Captain Robarteon, marine surveyor. The model has beautiful lines, combining great speed,and carrying capacity, on a light draught, 'no easy task to accomplish, but in appearance the result must prove a success. She is 102ieet on the keel, 20 feet, beam, and 3 feet depth of hold. The keel is of iron bark, 12 inches by 14 inches ¿into this is let an iron keel plate half-inch thick, and on this rest fifty-seven iron frames strengthened with front and back floor plates, a strengthening now generally used in the building of'English-ships of war. Each frame has u reverse angle iron, lead- ing across the floors, and carried" up "to the top of the - bilge ; the 'kelson then caps the whole of the frame umbers and "floors, and is through-fastened with metal bolts. The beams are of 3-inch angle-ircn, with a beam to every alter- nate frames. There are T iron bilge kelsons fore and aft, and stringer plates IO inches hy li incnLio.'ü8tch the beam ends. The outside planking consists of hard- wood planking from the garboard to the bilge strake, and she will al60 be fitted head. ..Outside shs has a gunwale plate 8 inches by f of an inch, capped by a hardwood stringer of 4 inches. The engines, now being manufactured at the Atlas Works, will be of 20-horse ppwer, con- structed on the ordinary condnesing principle, driving a two-bladed screw, to Jock up and down when the ship is under canvas and* making over 6 knots. She will be rigged as a three- masted schooner, and will, judging from her Unas, prove one of the fastest crafts afloat, and a credit to her builder.-Herald of yesterday. The Bishop of Goulburn.-An English journal states that Dr. Thomas, Bishop of Goulburn, now on a visit to England for the benefit of his. health, has been recently suffering from a severe attack of ery- sipelas in the head and face. On the 6th and 7th November, his lordship took part in a bazaar at Leamington for the benefit of the missions at,,Goul bum, and afterwards paid a visit to Mr, C, N. .Newdegate, Arbury Hall, Warwickshire, where he has bet,n confined to his room for several days. On November 13 his lordship's health improved, and he was considered to be recovering and out of danger. -Herald, Jan. 15. Tendebs fob M au. Sehvices.-Tenders are in- vited in the Gazette of Jan. 12 for {ueTfoIlöwirig mail services :-To and from Narrabri and Coonabara- bran, via Bohemia, Robinson's, Ryan's, Eain's, Slat- tery^, Pebbles, Cucubi, Yaminabal, Dundy, &c;, once a week ; and to and from Somerton and -Keepit, (Namoi River) twice a week. Tenders will'be re- ceived till noon on the 3rd February, POLICE BUSINESS. — Mr. J. B. R. Robertson and Dr. R. J. Pierce were the presiding magistrates at the sittings of the West Maitland police court, yesterday. OBSCENE LANGUAGE. — Robert Dilly was charged at the West Maitland police court yesterday with having made use of obscene language in High-street on Friday. Mr. Young appeared for the prisoner, who pleaded guilty. He was fined 10s., in default of payment to go to gaol. ASSAULTING A CONSTABLE. — Robert Dilly was charged at the West Maitland police court yesterday, with having assaulted constable Brown while in the execution of his duty in High-street on the 15th inst. Mr. Young appeared for prisoner. He pleaded guilty, and was fined 40s., in default to go to gaol for seven days. INSULTING LANGUAGE. — The two cases, Harring- ton v. Burns, for insulting language, and same for using threats, set down for hearing at the West Maitland police court, yesterday, were settled out of court. Mr. R. W. Thompson appeared for the prose- cution, and Mr. Young for the defence. HAWKER'S LICENSE. — A hawker's license was granted to James Eurn, at the West Maitland police court, yesterday. ASSAULT. — At the West Maitland police-court yesterday, Robert Dilly was charged with assaulting S. S. Moore, in High-street, on Friday last. Mr. Thompson appeared for the complainant, and Mr. Young for the prisoner. To this, as to two other charges preferred against him, he pleaded guilty. Constable Brown stated the circumstances under which the assault was committed by the prisoner who was drunk at the time. He took him into custody, and lodged him in the lock-up. Mr. Thompson applied for professional costs, and stated that the complainant had been so seriously injured that he had been under medical attendance ever since. The Bench fined prisoner 40s., and profes- sional costs £1 1s.; in default to go to gaol for seven days. VAGRANCY. — At the West Maitland police court, yesterday, Eliza Mills was charged with having no lawful visible means of support. She pleaded not guilty. Senior-constable Sparkes deposed to having seen her in Lewis's verandah, sleeping with a man. He found she was drunk, and he accordingly took her to the lock-up, as he knew her to be a common pros- titute, and without lawful means of support. Prisoner made a long rambling statement, and pleaded her case in very eloquent style, being profuse in her promises of amendment if "let off this time." But the ban of an old offender was upon her, and, she was therefore sent to gaol for six months. Tendees Accepted.-The Gazette, qf Jan. 15 notifies the acceptance by the Government of .4ha» following tenders: Waratah Coal Company, engine coals at Newcastle. Pearce and JSott, engine coals at other stations on Northern line. , Tollbabs Abolished,-The following placea have been abolished as, places where, tolls ara to be I .demanded, levied, and taken .--Highland Home toll- bar ; CamberwellítollbaroiHá^e Orgat nórthernroad, Bush FntES.Tr-Everywhere the air is surcharged with smoke, the Tesult of bush fires. Dp the country, more particularly in the neighbourhood of the rail- way line,-there is mnch complaint of the destruction of feed and fences-, the former being really the gieateat loss at present, in consequence of the dry weather. ."Jcile only other actual injury that we have heard i of J,'is mentioned in our Muswellbrook correspondent's letter-the burning of a stack of bay-ahd we understand that with a view to 'check ' the progress of the flames, men have, been* employed by the radway authorities to beat them out along the line when they catch the grass. . When so many persons are losing fences, it is »perhaps just that the Commissioner for Railways should be-aloser too. A number of panels are burnt down near Belford, and on Thursday afternoon, some cattle having strayed on the line through these aper- tures, in search of the nice grass which they could not find elsewhere, put the evening train in a little danger. The bushfires in the Muswellbrook district were so threatening on Saturday, that only a small minority of the members of the Free Selector's Association; ventured to leave home to attend the annual meeting.-We are sorry to hear that in the Sugarloaf district, a bush fire extends for thirty miles, and that much destruction of fences and even houses has'taken place.-We legret to hear that a large and destructive bush fire has prevailed for the last two or three days south of Maitland, in the 'direction of Mount Vincent and Oakvale. The smoke, waa plainly visible on Friday and Saturday last from Maitland. The fire, we are informed, has done much; damage to fencing, &£., and bas de- stroyed much sawn timber, and even some small houses. One of the incidents recorded l8 of L n.;- very painful nature. A feitler , named AVery, whd has long resided in that quarter,~"was "engaged- on Saturday bringing a load of logs -to 'Maitland. He had with him a dray and a team of ten line bullocks, for three of which be had refused ¿£12 each on the previous week, we are told. -As-the team was passing through the " burn- ing" portion ot the journey, they got close to a tall tree on fire;., some of the burning fragments falling to' the ground, fell on the bullocks ; they started aside in fright, and making a rush several of them jumped a large log. This log brought the team to a stand, part being on one side, and part on the other. Mr. Avery had only a little boy with him, and the poor little fellow could only cry with fright,. Alone, Mr. Avery found it impossible to quickly get' his team dut of their dangerous fix. The fiery fragments, continued to fall from the burning trees, the "grass and dry leaves on the ground caught, and the unfortunate bullocks were in a few minutes roasting to: death. Six of them got so fearfully scorched that it is almost impossible they can recover (though Mr.iAv.ery is trying his utmost to save them), and yesterday the moans and bellowings of the sut f ering.animals are described as pitiful to hear. Accident and Nabbow Escape. - Yesterday afternoon, a child of six years of age, daughter of Mr. F. Drew, of Free Church-street, West Maitland, was playing ¿at fishing on the bank, at the rear of Mr. George Smyth's, when she fell into the water, Her brother Frank, seeing her fall, rau to the spot as fastas possible, and, forgetting that he was unable to swim, 'and thinking only of his sister's danger, jumped in, and succeeded in bringing the little thing to shore, where a young man named Johnston took him from her. She was not hurt, and only a j little frightened. The boy Drew is to be commended j for plucky conduet-any delay would have been I fatal to the little girl. i The Victobia Cboss.-The Queen bas conferred ! the decoration ; of the Victoria Cross on Lieutenant I (now Captain) Mark Sever Bell, of the Royal En- gineers, for his distinguished bravery, and zealous, resolute, and self-devoted conduct at the battle of Ordahsu, on the 4th February, 1874, whilst serving under the immediate orders of Colonel Sir John Chet ham M'Leod, K. C. B., of the 42nd Regiment, who commanded the advanced guard.- Sir John M'Lead was an eye- witness of his gallant and distinguished conduct on the occasion, and considers that this officer's fearless and resolute bearing, being always in the front, urging on and encouraging an unarmed working party of Fantee labourers, who were ex- posed not only to the fire of the enemy, but to the wild and irregular fire of the native troops in the rear, contributed very materially to the success of the day. By his example he made these men do what no European party was ever required to do in war- fare-namely, to work under fire in the face of the enemy without a covering party. Captain Bell is a native of New South Wales, and a son of the late Mr. Hutchinson Bell, official assignee, who died in Sydney in the year 1847.-Berala, Jan. 15. 