The Political Situation. Astounded at tho action of the . Go. niment in withdrawing the whole Vf their financial proposi ions on Thursday Limine, the Opposition (tho loading of whom left for their homes by troin th!s morninB) de- 'ded to toko no immediate stopB "ith regard to what they deem tho "xtrnordinary, unconstitutional and unpre cedented conduct of Sir James M'Gulloch nd his party. It is not intended, however, to allow Sir JameB to pass into tho calm easo 0f a recess without an emphatic and in dignant protest against tho course which has been pursued. It has been decided to take till Tuesday to' decide the exact course to bo pursued, and, on that day, the Opposi- tion, whom Messrs Service and Casey and the Left Corner party, have lftw deter mined on supporting their attempt to obtain immediate dissolution will meet in tho Oppo sition room- The Melbourne correspondent of the Bal- larat Star makes the following observations to the stato of tho Bffaira political :— We breathe once mum . adopted the combo suggested by the Argus this morning, have digested tlieir lcok and withdrawn the land, property, nnd income taxes. And, so another political crisis which would have been most disastrous under exist, ing circumstances has been temporarily averted. The Ministry have advanced another stage towards the hnven of recess, and tho sole qnestion is will thoy over attain it. Many days freighted with political con test and manoeuvre have passed over our heads since I expressed tho doubt; if in the excited condition of Parliament, thoy would ever reach the harbor for wbicb they have struggled so manfully. Events continue to iuatify my doubt, -and never has it. been 10 nearly fruitful as at the .'present moment. Last night a hastily organised conclave of Ministerial supporters waited upon the Premier to ascertain his intention, and pointed out to him bluntly that events had now reechod such a stage that either the Ministerial supporters would soon hnvc to pass to the Left, or that in self-defence they most cast their leaders into the cooler shades of Opposition. Despairing of support in tho Council, the Ministry have adopted the only practicable course open to them, and propose to meet the deficit in the revenue by the issno of Treasury bills. Can it be boped that the House so nearly divided will consent to this course, and will permit a recess before the Appreciation Bill has been discussed 7 The Ministry are reduced to the position of a wild horse at bay between contending bush-fires. If their bill of new taxation were forwarded to the Council there can bo no doubt that it would be cast ont on the general principle that so notable an alteration in the incidenco of impost should not be attempted when the approval of the oountry was so faintly indicated. If they, as they have decided ta do, stay their course, the House will scarcely assent to credit them with a large expenditure in the' face of an inevitable deficit, without exercis- ng its voioe in regulation of the nppropria- t.'»a Tf AViaw vanlnn l'c if nAfifii Mn flint: IIUUH. A! LUCJT ACDIgll) 10 n » 1-41,11 any Ministry formed from the present Opposition benches can wield the rib bons with any prospect of retaining them. If they obtain a dissolution, have thoy any chance of returning with a more con fident majority than that which at present adheres to them? Dreading a dissolution, recognising resignation ns suicide, fearing to force their new taxation npon a Upper House notoriously opposed to it, doubtful of their support in the country, unable to mas ter the Assembly by numbers, the Ministry are in as grave a plight as was ever witnessed in the political anhals of Victoria, There is trouble, grave trouble in store, and the only hope is that by a rapid resolution they may attain an adjournment, which will give us timeto think out the ovolution of tho political problem. . - The opinions of the country press in the action of the Government is most diveraive. Tho Ballorat Star says:— "The Ministry is not defeated, but non- plussed. IVe confess that we do not see how the Ministry could take any other course than the one adopted, for the Upper House would bo Bure to reject a distasteful measure for taxation, passed by what must be called a bare majority in the Assembly The real socret of the Situation appears to be, that the moneyed- classes do not like the income-tax at all, and would rather let things go on as they are, than bear what they regard as a very vexatious im post. A dissolution at the present, with the new financial yearclose at hand, would besim- nlv a blunder, and the country would gain nothing by the resignation of the Ministry, as there is clearly not a party in the House which can command a working majority on any financial question. Our parliamentary insfititions are out of joint, rnd it 'is not easy to see how they are to be set right. Every attempt at direct taxation will have to be made against a combination of incon gruous parties, which are only strong to des troy, but too feeble to construct. Affrighted I peaoe requires a little time to pant, before it begins to breathe short-winded accents of neiv broils. All that can now bo done is to huddle matters up, and prepare the way for A future struggle." The Bendigo Advertiser rejoices over the defeat of the income tax. Sir James M'Cul- loch (says the Advertiser) has unquestion ably suffered a great defeat, and it must have ceme upon him wholly unexpectedly. We will not go so far as to say ho has been betrayed, but, unquestionably, ho has been led to believe that his scheme would receive the sanction of the House. In point of fact, Eir James M'Oulloch has last the game. The position is an extraordinary one, the crisis ®n' "f the moBt perplexing that has ever be fallen in the colony, and the solution one I that can only be worked out by time and I circumstances. The M. A. Mail declares the incomo tax I was lost through a combination of bankers I and capitalists. Mr MaoBain, a rich man, I Mr Wrixon, son-in-law of Mr Henry I "'Iter, h aping " ratted " on it. Tho course I , l he (Sir James H'Cnlloch) has adopted I rjt'jW8 to® Mail, the one moat suited to ward I ! -J disastrous effcctf of a real political I tv an the effects of such a state of I thfl 9AI1 VI ( Vtv kad mflnwirl 4aa Maanltr I ,.?? "bio to encounter another. A fresh I p!''al crisis, after twelve months of un- I jinuul session, would bo beyond our ability I w endure. I .JF1!0 indigo Independent has an irrevalent I SfH Sir James M'CuHoeb, in which I B, t ' exnauBts the dictionary of abuse. I 1, M'Oallooh (says the Independent) I fat, Ied ano"lor discomfiture and de- I tcmi ®a"nra' Courier writes:— We can I tinn i conce'vo a more humiliating posi- I Jamn.iSn®,0TCrnment than that which Sir I m!!1 Cullooh and his colloagues now I wmL . wa8> f course, thought the Go- I Ksin?enm?ou' fdtow the usual course, and I irni?V- , "bole policy of tho Govcrn- I loaf n. £e UP0U tho incomo tax, and that I its »» " mod by so small a majority on I eertnL?ai d reading as to make its destruction I fshrin final stage, tho whole I Wo ,.inPn which the Government I A k,en fboir stand, was wrecked, I Bom !i to® of ul sacrifice of dignity, or a I ae»«ivl - DE, spectacle, haB not been wit- I orir>inoiiBln-co 0 word Government was I leaS invented. Tho wholo of tho Go- I itaiv I, j i. lcy naB been defeated — hope- I »as%,ni?.irrecomnbly destroyed, and there I Bsdwi f the Government but I bcDrnm dignity, nnd those are sent to I lie Ml, 'any with the other sacrifices made, I WtJ'V? "could either resign or dissolve I Pom.,, 1, y ,'lnvo been, for all practical I tt nntl we 'mi30 toot tho I 'Ho mX « ,? Hiise will yet force them I '"I XI . 0 two positions. It is tho I dtlin . Political salvation for Bomo I tolv 'supporters, and it is the I 0,10 by which tbe now degraded cnaracter 01 tbe Assembly can be rehabili tated. r Tho Geelong Advertiser says : Sir Jainos M'Oulloch will leave office when he is shown the door, not before ; that has always been his conduct, and we fear always will bo. Had any other Premier behaved as he has ; had any Opposition Premier consented to eat at one meal his allotted peck of dirt— tho provision of a lifetime — he would have been assniled on nil hands, with Sir James M'Cul- locli in the front rank, He cuts and smiles, amidst tho applause of his supporters, who are oblivious that , tho country is lookiug on. He, too, has failed, and failed more ignomi- niously than either of his predecessors, Thoy had a policy, adhered to it, and left office. Mr. Service took a firm stand and fell. Mr. Berry took his stand on a principle and fell. But Sir Jamss M'Oulloch has neither stuck to a principle nor taken a firm stand. Any other man would not be possessed of suoh cool effrontery, but the wily knight knows he has a fulcrum the judicious use of which may — if tho members of the Assembly are, like himself, tost to all sense of shame — unable him to carry out his object — the retention of office at any price. They must grant him the Treasury Bills, or he will advise a dissolution : and it iB not at all likely such advice will be rejected." The Advertiser concludes with snying that it bos Onlv nnn hrtriD fV»n Vmllnt-hnx. 