K1VER DISTRICT NOTES. The Darling. has Veen falling at the rate of from 3 feet 3£ inches in 24 hours at Wontwortb, and was on the 14th 8 feet 6 inches above the summer level. The fall dura? the week was 1 foot 9 inches. A survey has been made for a new wharf at Wentwcrtb, and operations will comuence shortly. One thousand six hundred sheep out of a mob of 6,(00 have died through want of water whilst travelling from the North towards Wil cacnia, no water being available for 45 milss. Owing to drought the price of hay at Wilcannu now reaches the enormous sum of £45 per ton. There wa3 a rainfall of 1.} inches at Wentworth on Wednesday, the 9th inst. The Wilcannin limes of February 10 reports: — ' The weather has been threatening, but no rain coires. We hear of slight showers having fallen in portions of the district, but nothing to do any gocd.' On the 5th inst. the Bourke paper stated :— ' In the absence of a much larger rainfall— * a squatter's conception' of a supply— no stock movements can be expected, except for the pur pose of seeking feed for the bovines and hungry looking wool producers. Seeing the large flocks now depasturing in Riverira and the doubtful ness of a supply of food for them squatters will have to seek artificial means of irrigation. The present necessities may prove the ultimat9 'sal- vation of the great broadlands run over by sheep and cattle.' The Hay Standard wrote on February 2:— "Monday evening brought a gratifying change in the weather, although rain still holds off; up till then the heat had been very oppressive, and was daily becoming more unbearable, the glass at noon on that day registering 111° in the shade, but a violent duststorm took place about 6 o'clock, when a cool south wind set in and has since continued. Rain has fallen in serviceable quantities in Queensland, and heavy showers have fallen on the Namoi. The glass is low and we may reasonably expect rain soon. Stocks are, of course, restricted in their movements, and transactions continue to be made with caution. No fat sheep have passed Hay for market during the week." On February 5th the Pastoral Tims re marked:— 'On the Barrier Ranges want of water is becoming serious, and it is reported that at Minjary the water is all gone, and there waa only a week's supply of that element at Thackeringa. From this cause all station im provements— such as fencing, &c;, wera at a standstill. It was rumoured that Poolammacca Station, Mr. £. M. Boot's, is likely to change hands shortly. A Melbourne man was expected to become the purchaser.' The Wagga Express of the 29th ulfc. says:— ' The weather during the past few days has been extremely hot, and this evening culminated in a thunderttorm. The country generally looks weU, and water is not scarce. A fall of rain, however, would be welcome to those interested in pastoral matters. So far we have not heard of any destructive bush-fires, but the grass is at present in a condition to ignite readily, and the necessity for caution in the use of fire is obvious. Stock are in good condition, and there u an abcence of disease in this neighbourhood, although we regret to learn that pleuropneu monia is prevalent around Albury. A few light showers have broken the continued hot weather which was experienced down the river; and towards the Edward the weather h&3 been similar. We are glad to learn that the drought in Queensland has broken up. The recent accounts have been of a great scarcity of grass and water. For some little time past, however, rain has threatened, and has come at last. The fall, too, has been general, and considering the straits to which many squatters must have been reduced, it doubtless has averted much loss.' 