IPIWICH,.TIH ~ DAY, XOV E&IBER; 12, 1876. TiE diatressing accident at Goodua on Thursday last affords another and most pain ful illustration of tte. danger of carplessness in the use' of fire. Notwithstanding that an Act has been, in force for some years imposing heavy pepalties, on. anyone found guilty of .carelessly.. setting fire to grass, a culpable recklessness in the use of fire is very fre quently shown, especially by young men. We are informed that a not uncommon amusement among knots of young fellows at our street corners is that of striking matches, and seeing how many out of a given number can be thrown on the ground alight. And an everyday sight anywhere is that of smokers, after lighting their pipes, throwing matches away without a thought of previously extin. guishing them. Numberless instances of the damaget'eiulting from uch'bianton careless. ness might be quoted. In the bush a season never paesdslithout the occurrence of bush fires :occasioing heavy losses to settlers; and in almost every case they are caused by mere beedlessness. In Brisbane, onlyia few weeks ago, a young woman sustained very severe injuries whilst walking along Queen-street by her dress catching fire from a match on the sidewalk; and now-we have had an awful ex ample of the harm that may ensue from such criminal -thoughtlessness.' . " The lesson taught by the death of Miss -MakrkB shibuld be takento heartby every. one. Irn a climiat' so excessively hot at cer tain seasons ?4 that pf Queensland there is an absolute neceesit'y that fabrics for clothing purposes should be of the thinnest and lightest materials. Unfortunately most of these are of either cottoi or linen, or a mixture of both, and are as inflammable as tinder. Science has informed us of means of getting rid of this objectionable quality by the use of chemi cal solutions. Some years ago the tungstate of soda was highly recommended for this purpose; yet we never hear of it being used. Possibly cheaper and more readily obtainable chemicals for the same object may since have been discovered; and doubtless Mr. STAIGEE, Government Asalytical Chemist, will, if ap pealed to, make known the latest and most approved ways of making fabrics non-inflam mable. However, we have but little faith that any such means of reducing the risk of fire will ever be generally adopted. The great majority of Queenslanders will content themselves with the thought that accidents very seldom occur, and they will simply depend upon the chance of escaping them. It is all the more necessary, therefore, that everyone should make it a matter of con science to be careful in the use of matches. We may be sure that the person who threw away the lighted match at Goodna on Thurs day last had not 'the remotest intention of injuring anyone ; yet his carelessness resulted in a horrible death to an estimable young lady. If he is aware of the mischief which his thoughtlessness has occasioned, his con science must reproach him while he lives. It should ever be borne in mind that " careless ness is next to maliciousness." Everyone who uses a match should take care that the flame is blown out before it is thrown away. The general adoption of this simple expedient would save thousands of pounds in this colony every year by the prevention of bush fires-the aggregate losses by which amount in this district alone to a much larger sum than would readily be believed, unless by those who are cognisanut of them. And which is of far greater importance-it would also prevent such distressing accidents as those recently recorded. Let smokers, in particular, see to it, then, that the habit in which they indulge does not needlessly in crease risk to life and property. No one can foretell what evil consequences may follow such an apparently trivial act as the throwing away of a lighted match. We hope that the impression made on the public mind by the late fatal accident will be permanent, but we have very little reason to expect thatit will. Gradually, as the feeling of alarm occasioned by it becomes blunted by time, people will revert to their old practices, and lighted matches will be thrown away as frequently as heretofore. Would it not be worth while, therefore, for the Government ce, if they refuse, for some private member ofthe Legislature-to bring in a bill to amend the Careless Use of Fire Prevention Act, by making it a punishable offence for anyone to throw down a lighted match anywhere P That Act was intended for the protection of property only; but surely the protection of human life is of vastly greater importance, and is deserving of at least equal considera tion. If such an amendment were paseaedinto law, the fear of puniehment-co-operating with a dread of the results of carelessness which a proportion of the population will always feel-will reduce very considerably the losses to which the country is now subjected, as well as the chances of such dreadful acci dents as that which occurred on Thursday last. 