\- PASTORAL NOTES. Ihe Pastoral Times of the lotfe reports as J follows : — " In the northern districts the cry is still for rain— the general shoxvers xxriiich have visited the southern districts not haxin<r ex- J tended far north. North of the Darling, and in parts of Queensland, pastoralists are suffering j the effects of drought, and on some of the runs there is not sufficient water and feed to sustain j the stock thereon, and preparations are bein j made in some instances to travel the stock? Our last accounts from Forbes state everything appeared to be propitious for rain, xvliich. if it should come, would be the salvation of manv of j the back blockers, ' xvhose grass is dry as chips, and whose water has gone to the clouds long ago. ' At Bourke, Upper Darling, light showers 1 had fallen, but quite inadequate to the absorp tion going on, drying up natural as xvell as artificial reserx-oirs, not only preventing stock 1 from travelling, but driving it away to other districts to get a supply of so necessary an e!e- I ment as water. The lambing at W apiTee!ah has been very good, considering the season ; 13,063 lambs having been branded for 15,000 ewes. From Wilcannia we have gloomy accounts — no change in the state of the weather, every thing dry and parched up ; stock movements nil. At Sydney there were no transactions in station property last week l owing to the uncertain state of the season. Fat cattle were slightly over-supplied, hut sold at an advance of 7s. 6d. upon last week's quota tions, which are— best yard bullocks, £7 life, to £8 ; middling do.. £5 10s. to £5 15s. : best yard cows, £5 15s. to £6 ; middling do., £4 to £4 5s. : fat sheep xvere under-supplied, and sold at from Gd- to Is. advance — 561b. wethers are worth Ss. to 8s. 6d., lighter weights in proportion. For store cattle the demand has entirely ceased, and no improvement is looked for until the seasons alter. There is also \ery little doing in store sheep, for which the quotations are — wethers 6s. to 7s. ; maiden ewes, Ss. to 10s. ; breeding ewes, 5s. to 6s. Drought still prevails at Maiti land, where fat cattle are fully supplied ; medium and inferior can only be quitted by c- I cepting store prices. The sales comprised— 39 bullocks at £6 15s. to £7 19s. - 4? bullocks at _ £4 14s. to £6 10s. ; seven j 5s. ; nine bullocks at £4 7s. Gd. 76 cows (principally light, but good quality), at £4 17s. to £S 17s. ; 42 bullocks at £6 Ss. to £8 6s. per head. Quotations— 17s. 6d. j to 20s. per 1001b. In fat sheep the market is superabundiy supplied, and the only alternative J is to resort to the pots, and even this course I incurs considerable delay, owing to the number j waiting to undergo the boiling process. Several j Hocks have been sent back, rather than accept prices offered. Quotations— Wethers, 7s. to Sfe : < exves at a proportionate reduction- .Prices ! for | store cattle and store sheep are lower than for many years, oxving to the drought, and it is impossible to fix quotations. Bush tires have been raging every day lately in tiie xricinitv of Mm timid. At Dubbo there have been a Tew showers, Some pretty heavy, in different parts of the district, during the pastxveek. but geue ally the country is in much the same condition as it was a was a week ago. Should the drv weather continue for a few xveeks, the conse quences to stock xvill be very serious, as the roads are bare. Mr. Josepn Aaron's 536 mixed cattle, for Melbourne, passed Narramine, and proceeded vi& \\\ailaby. From Wagga we hear that there is plenty of feed and water in the neighbourhood, and stock are in first-class condition and health. In the local market, business has been ex ceptionally dull, owing to the holidays. The local passings were : — 308 fat bullocks (Tobin's) ; and 309 fat bullocks (same oxvner), for Mel bourne, Mr. G. A Elliott (P. R, and Co.), agent. Our Hay correspondent states The few hot days referred to in our last issue were succeeded by a continuance of the delightful cool weather previously reported, bilt no rain has yet fallen in any part of this district, so that our prospects are not in that respect any brighter than they were. On Friday last a fine lot of 8,000 store sheep, for Wilson's Murray station, crossed from Willandra ; on Sunday, 4,000 Uabba fat sheep, for Melbourne ; 3,000 Culpataro fat sheep crossed on Wednesday : over 100 Willandra fat cattle crossed on Tuesday : 3,200 fat sheep left Hunthaxvang for Melbourne, on the 8th ; and 2,180 fat sheep left Groongal on the 6th, for Melbourne, via Conargo. Our Hillston correspondent xvrites on the 8th inst. that the weather during the past fortnight has been very changeable, blowing cold and hut, xvith gales of wind. There is some indication -fl rain to-night. Tlie xvant of rain is bring: ug large mobs of sheep to the rixer. Some mobs may be termed ' loafers. : but hoxv otherwise can they act xvhen they enunot get across to the Bogan ami Darling? 7,800 exves for Cnrraweena station, Bourke. passed ou 6th. A Boobgal correspondent, writing on the 9th inst., re ports : — 'On Thursday last a mob of 180 head of fat cattle, from Willandra station, passed here for Melbourne : and yesterday a mob of rather over 500 from Bourke, for the same destination. The weather still contii fills very fine.' At Deniliquin the xveather during the week lias been characterised by excessixe heat. Ou Thursday evening there xvere strong indica tions of a change, and the heaxy, oppressixe state of the atmosnhere annparpd to thrpato?; coming thunderstorm. With the exception of a few drops of rain, our anticipations were not xcrified, aud on Friday heat again prevailed, though there xvere indications of a change. We do not yet hear of any complaints of scarcity of grass iu the neighbourhood, and so far the xvr.no of water is only felt in exceptional instances. Business dull. The only crossing since cur last xvas Tyson s A. 099 sheep, on January 11 — J. (J. Walker ami Co., agents." The HV jja iVagja Express of the loth inst. reports as follows : — " \\\ e ha\e now, ap parently, entered upon summer, the tempera ture for the past few days being far more in ?.c- coruauce with general nutions of xvhat is seasonable iu January on the Murrumbidtiee. | One or two small bush-fires, too, in the vicinity | have assisted to put an end to the delusion that | we were in early spring instead of midsummer. I Stock keep good condition, for feed is still plentiful, an5 there is yet no sign of xvater be coming scarce. Doxvn the rixe the weather has been hot. but- there the xvntit of xvater is Ire- coming sexw- rvly felt by those xvho ha\e not done anything towards prox-iding against tlie con tingency. To wants the Plains, after a few hot days, a change took place, since xvhen the xveather has been remarkably cool and agreeable. Heavy clouds have been hanging about, but the rain has been very slight indeed. In tlie Manaro district the xveather has been x arird-le. We hear in some quarters of hot weather, and of frosts in other directions. From the East Moreton district of Queensland xve learn that the grass is becoming very much parched. The coast and the heads of the Logan aud Albert have been most favoured xvith rain. The cattle are in good order, and the grass is hardly so bad anywhere in the district as it was at this time last year. There hax e been l>ad accounts of the state of the country in the west, where some of the farmers ha\e lost a large number of lambs. Towards Roma the dryness of the weather has interfered xxdtli movements of stock. Many mobs of cattle that xvere intended for new country have suffered considerably. There is noxv an abundance of grass and water in the Cleveland Bay district, and cattle are already shoxxing the good effects ol tlie same. From the Landsborough xve learn that shearing is eoimr on briskly on some of the stations. The lambing lias been satisfactory : one station reaching 97 per cent. Cattle are looking well, and rapid! y in creasing. I here has been plenty of rain, and ail the creeks are running. The country haxffne Ken all burnt previously, grass is 'plentiful. The country after leax ing Cooper's Creek is x ery badlx off for grass and water, no rain having fallen for six months. The settlers oil the Wil son, Bulloo, and Paroo are complaining of xvant of feed, and some of them are compelled to travel their stock to keep them alive. In the M arreoo district nlsn 4V10 1._ teit. On Cooper s Creek itself grass and xvater are reported as being plentiful. "Onthe Balonne the xveather is very dry, and the stations be low St. George xxiil shortly travel their sheep tor feed. Pain has fallen near Goondiv unh The prospects oil the Lower Darling are bad xxater being scarce, and feed completely parched up. As, hoxvex-er, stock preserve a certain amount of condition, matters are not yet serious. On the Namoi matters pastoral are in a most 1171- satisfactory condition. The country generally is bare, and stockoxx ners are almost at their wit's end what to do. 8 took (says the Xarrabri Jitrtud) are deteriorating fast, for feed is not to he found, and as travelling ox er grassless lands would not tend to mend matters, tbinos look very gloomy. We have again Wen tantalised xvith. indications 01 a e.hsncm _ i > - . -r o uiu. ana ready are xve m -iriua r>. , the month in xvhich one is accustomewtolookror rain in earnest otlmr TSMtfailmgtocome, to anticipate the xvorat. 80 far, the season nas been tie worst known for years! I11 tee race ot u tins, cor. pled with the unsatis- facrory reports rrom Stymcy salesmen, the roads are bare pi hoot or horn. On the Maequarie there Kxc own a iexv showers, but generally a"deLdr !dt m.,aeeaoet ofSo„,e heavy the direction et narhurst. shouht the ,'rv weather continue for a W w te- . <lT-v quenees t„ stock will W ST" roads are lxu-e. On the Laehlaa 'there have den awa/f JUUpeT'r": mjCv places not far Wh J0r?e? tSays the VimA&e; rain was Learner and of longer coutiiuiauee than just liSw , lNJue relve or fourteen miles Givifii immense hailstones in 1 , seas 'n o; the year we are not hkelj to I'iengthsned- rams, and dint which has come lately has been sufficient to replenish many tanks and waterholes which w ere entireiy empty . Quantities of wool have through during t we€k. and we should think this must be the last for the season. " The Albury Banner says that When the Japanese Commissioners paid their recent visit to V ictoria, considerable attention was given bv some of their number to the sheepfanniSr M M. FuoabandE. Edanntod thapdcnltand nd. pastoral exhibitions at WangaraMa pany with Mr. Wailfe, the Secretary for A«5' culture, and spared no pains to obtain inform? tion with reference to sheep breeding, wool nflv. duction, and other cognate mattersofporttorT while they examined, apparently 'with interest, the different pens of sheep on viewi? the show yards. Late intelligence from Jam states that an experimental sheep form is to be established, and that pupils will bera ceived, whom it is intended to instruct in care of sheep, and the proper method of getffnJ up wool. The Gippsland Standard says : — " It ig unpleasant duty to record the fact that pleruT pneumonia has made its appearance in th» Alberton district, and although the disease hju ' been confined to narrow limits and mild fonu it would be well for district breeders to be 0 the alert, in order to detect early symptom resort to the isolating process as soon as ' beast appears to be drowsy, or ceases to chew the cud. Mr. Allen, the inspector of stock for the district, has used every means, both by his presence and adxrice, to prevent the spread of the disease. " The V\"i.'ca)i>da Tiwr? reports that the weather xvas getting hotter, and at Mingary it« c. respondent says : " They haxe had" one con.' timiation of dry- weather, with strong windf from the south and south-xvest, which is foj drying up what little xvater was left by the last rain. 