'""general NEWS. .ft Artiaud Mercury says—" We congra- ih" residents of Avoca and its neighborhood tS' 'having' be ailway brought to their doors. 1 t?f'mportsnce of the district justified the exten- nd now that the Avocaites have received the f 3'for which they so earnestly agitated, we trust 1 have no cause to regret its concession. 1 luxutiat ing in the benefits of direct railway \ "Judication with the metropolis, however, it is J ' " that our friends of ' the sweet vale will j - ute sight of the fact tjiat a line from their town 1,1 , ultimately come on to St Araaud, and the i cC er the opening of 6uch a line is celebrated the i 8 \ it will be for both of us. The present fes A s- ! overi then, we trust the people and press d dvo-s will agitate for the construction ofarail- ' fr0ro their town to St Arnaud. It is only by | line our claims constantly and -prominently 1 Sre the Government that we shall have them i "'-pledged and satisfied." J\£,r!) the whole of Thursday's aitting of the A I jj4>ive Assembly was occupied with a debate % the fecond reading of the Harbour Trust Bill, % dich wts agreed t0 at o'clock without a divi- . Th measure is designed to establish ii board i !ndr to the harbour trusts of the Thanes, the s yerfeT( and the Clyde, for the improvemeit of the | a. port of Melbourne. The following tare the I toundiries of the territory to be given to the trust : dram s point below St. Kilda, near ths abat- 3 iyw, along the margin of .the bay up the river, | li1! dose upon the M.and H. B. railway Nation, % trea across the Yarra along the opposite side bf the % river »o Williamstown, and thence across the bay. d fieare to be 15 commissioners, who shall reinain '= ja 0fgce after the fir6t appointment for jhree ?fjr5) changes io be made at the end of every (bird «ir The principal opponent of the measuri was Mr K, T. Clark, who objected to such larga au- i thority being given to 15 individuals, among yhora I decontrolling power would be the merchant!. He i in? no wisdom in the proposal to authorpethe j (ommiioners to borrow j£260,000, when tie bay I could only be saved from destructbn by in ex- 3 ptnditure of between two and three millions Mr ! Berry also opposed the measure in the absence of I rr definite plan of harbour improvement, : The i till was warmly supported by Mr Langton and Mr I fence. The Golac Herald mentions that the psrty of J men who last week proceeded to test the vilue of I the kerosene shale discovery at the Gellibrand river :j hid not been idle. The first shaft had to be aban doned, on account of the water flooding in. Ano ther shaft was sunk, about fifty yardB from the nrer. When about four feet from the surface the fiiiie was struck, aod at a depth of ten feet the men i ante upon a layer of sand running through it, j which was about eighteen inches deep. They then I utne on the shale again, and it is now of a better i quality. Sinking is still going on. The shale has i «n traced along the bank of the river for a con I uderable distance, and there appears to be an an- limited suply of it. i The Wee Waa correspondent of the Narrahri \ Etrald gives the following particular of the shoot » mg case by the police near that place -Constable f went to Whit ton's residence, about six "3 iwej irora iv ee iv aaro arrest a man tor "in at- j tempt to commit a rape on one Emma Jane Whit- j tan. He overtook the man about a mile on the i| hirnhri side of Whitton'6 house ; the man in question was riding along the road ; the constable 1 i.de up to him and charged him with the offence : md arrested him ; prisoner was riding at the time i bw condit ioned old horse, heavily encumbered i w.h a large swag nearly touching the ground on Ather 6ide of the horse, consequently he could not inrel above the rate of two miles an hour. Con sume Garling, thinking it would be dark before niching Wee Waa, procured a horse at Whitton's to bring him on. They rode along together for a j mile or so, when seemingly prisoner's . horse took a s dirt. It was soon seen to be an intentional bolt, j for the pace became a racing one, and he continued \ "is pace to the river's bank, reaching it about 150 1 J"ds in the front. Prisoner immediately dis- counted, plunged in and swam across, The con- i '4e called on him to turn back or he would shoot He still refused. Garling then fired over «« shots, and having only one left, found that in : we strict sense of his duty he must fire at him, biJi he did, hitting him in the neck Subse- j Jtjwly he arrested him and confined him in the >1 «eck up; The chase, from start to finish, was about ri hTe miles through the bash. i t Archbishhp Goold's palace was burglariously j -al'-«d on Wednesday evening, .and a quantity of and plated ware was stolen, A strange disease is developing in parts of this i !t',c'itay« the Dubbo Despatch. One corres- v, us that the cattle break out in sores, : . "e continually rubbing themselvea till the 6kin ; i' ,en and the blood comes. It is impossible to J eta n a camp. They rush wildly bout— a j . rS,Dg where the water is near into the holes or 1 1Z; ,un?ther ,etter ' A small black fly ' Tl l nerbage, and drives the cattle frantic. : ,j;f feerf/8 bre|k wt O'er the nostrils and about i .Jlftgi'wg evidence to a coroner's court at 1 I >/'tand tHosP'tal, Dr Pierce ia reported by ' theV, 0 have stated Borne facts regarding li'innT i nd disease» and the effect of inocu- t'lsJnr r?1 on.the human bdy, well worthy ; site Ln 8aid that there was no anitn«f die- etch a " m- wbich a man was more likely to from tUe. fection than from animals suffering 'moth! a5S Tile virU8 maybe absorbed 'iibt,iinLy8te? through the pores of the skin, ifjD c, b«ng any scratches or breaks in the 'com . er< Medical students in the dissecting Rsil".- about to Perform a post mortem j i;t J!10n» 'nbbed oil freely over the hands and 1 contort ohe skin likely to be brought into I the dead body. By this means they tlsjj | ' i1 sealed up the pores of the skin, snd j iij 8riat extent prevented the ehancas of j sho ar hiB is a simple remedy, and if tlipse ; U'iie 0bliged to handle the carcaases of diseased lo'jlij r0, d adoP.t it, it is very probable there ' ''ec j " deatbs re8ulting from Buch causes hii 1 Jennie, head porter, of the Maryborough met with a serious accident on "hen the Melbourne train arrived at : "JinJ j6 Was eng8ged at the work shunting, tiie on the buffer of an engine/ Theeni- Jitjjwi 8 ®®ving backwards, and Dennis either "'line ' wben not being quite clear of i tf ihe r wheel of the engine ran over the back |dy fr , ,8ing o'er the rail, The foot was ' ''"asaf11 and tbe an'c'e hurt, so much so that : 'spijtatp!nce bought the foot .wonld have to be il ''sbeer,' and an 'Impression got abroad that such ;J i\ The injured man wbs taken to J 1% & '"ere he was attendied to by the resi- 'di honeej extracted several small pieceB : :ij| h JU:an d'd ah that he could for the sufferer, ; ' '6vervtK-and 'aidman have sIbo seen Dennis, ':M & P0861"'6 win be done to save the foot.. j?,. 0rugk Standard, M valine re b«nS made in Londbn to arrange a a e litterh between Trickett "and Higgius. '0i ""Sent 18 at. Present in America, but the row- || f»y the8re, unw|Hing that Trickett should carry l|| u,., champion8bip without another effort Il to wrest the laurels from his brow. We ( Warrnambool Eaaminer) are happy to lesrn from au old resident, a farmer in Nirranda, that never since selection took place there have the crops looked so wel| as at the present time. The .land is in good order, not beiDg over- flooded, as is often the case, and rain is not much required there, so that the dry season suits the farmers of of Nirranda admirably. The principal crop ia oats, and this promises to turn out splendidly. The Rochdale Observer of 12th August makes the following important statement in reference to the forthcoming French tariff The new arrange ments which will be proposed by the French au tborities in reference to tariff which is to succeed Mr Cobden's treaty of i860 are now completed, and we are in a.pwition to state from the the high est authority thst the actual system now in force will be adopted with little or no change. The French Republic will maintain thefree-trade policy of the Empire." The Colcraine Albion says : — w We have much pleasure in announcing that the search for coal in Coleraine has at last proved successful, Mr Priest having obtained a fair thickness of good coal at the shallow depth of 42 feet. Work will be resumed both at the new shaft and at the one near the creek in a few days, when we shall have further particu lars to lay before our readers." I have fair anthority for stating that something lik an Enoch Arden case occurred in this district not so very long ago. A young lady came out from England in, apparently, all the gay and festive freshness of maidenly coyness and reserve. 8he was introduced in course of time to a well-to do resident, and naturally the result wss the usual entrance into the hymeneal bonds. Time passed round with flying feet, but in its fulness it also brought its revenge in the 6hape of a no leas for midable person than a previous husband of the lady, who arrived on these shores, visited the domestic hearth " promiscous like," and claimed his " Iraogene The matter ia not yet settled, and peace has not yet slighted smilingly upon the family circle. I eannot say if there will be any 1 legal proceedings taken. I only know that a 6turdy claimant has appeared as the first husband and demands the lady. It is just within the bounds of possibility that the last favored may feel his affections sufficiently welded to offer a sort of financial settlement to the outraged feelings of Enoch, and probably if this be accepted, nothing farther will be heard of the matter. This marrying business seems to me to offer irresistible temp- tations.— Correspondent Ararat Advertiser. An officer of H.iM.S. Sapphire, writing to a friend in Melbourne, regarding her voyage to Auck land, says : — During the voyage we noticed a strong peculiar smell, and on making a search, dis covered that the ship waa on fire. Fortunately we managed to get it out before it was too late. If we had not, it would have been almost impossible 'to have saved anyone on board, as a tremendous gale was blowing, snd the boats would hardly have lived in »uch a sea." The Bendigo Advertiser saya " A remarkable encounter between an old man kangaroo and a bullock-driver f writes our Inglewood correspon dent) took place Isst week on one of the neighboring roads. The man, seeing fbe kangaroo croes the rn»d with hiaown two do/s in full cry, followed the pursuers and pursued to join iu the fun. The latter made for a waterhole, entering which he turned and fought the dogs, ripping one down in a short time. ' Bullock' then made a hit at his kangarooahip with an axe he had in his hand, but missed his aim, and before he could recover himself the long -tailed 'un' had his shirt torn off and into shreds, and to 6tve his body from being similarly treated he dived under the water, and, another teamster coming up in time, the man, instead of yielding his life to the tangaroo, carried away the animal's tail in triumph. In political circles it is said that the Ministry will make an effort to close the present session of Parliament in the secind week in December. A keen debate on the Railway Construction Bill ia anticipated but as the Government have decided to stand or fall by the neasures, it is anticipated that it will be passed without material alteration. It is, we believe, to be the last Ministerial measure of importance introduced. Parliament will be dis solved about the mildle of March next, though it does not expire by dnuxion ot time tut I tun May, 1S77.— Herald. u Among the visitors who have been attracted to Queensland by the reports of the magnitude and richness of the recent discoveries of gold-fields in the north," says the Brisbane Courier , M has been Mr Watson, a well-known capitalist and mining speculator of Sandhurst. Mr Watson was particu larly attraeted by the accounts given of the resour-' ees of the Hodgkinson, and his representative has been despatched to inspect the field, and to report how far the reality corresponds with current state ments as to the opportunities it offered for profit able investment. We learn with gratification that the report of this gentleman has been so conclusive support of all that haa been said in favour of the field that hi6 principal has left for the south, deter mined to lose no time in sending up a large quantity crushing plant, and that it ia further probable that a consequence of this visit will be an association of capitalists in Victoria for the purpose of making large investments and undertaking extensive enter prises on the gold field in question. The discovery of an available route from the harbour at Trinity Bay to the gold- field proved the clinching point, it being considered that such advantages for short land carriage were all that was requisite to make the field the most promising in these colonies. Mr E. C. Moore writes to the & tar as follows : — " The date of the Ballarat races has been altered, in referance to the wishes of many, to the ,24th arid 25th November, instead of Boxing-day and the day following. Entries muBt be made on the Slat October, with Mr Moore, at Craig's Hotel, before 4 o'clock." \ - Miss Lee, the daughter of the Confederate hero, is the guest of His Excellency Sir George Boweh. The Inglewood correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser mentions an extraordinary instance of fatality in one .-family. He writes "The accident' which happaned to Mr Robeit Pollock of Bulabul Creek, on Saturday, has proved fatal. Some sad fatality seems to hang over this family. In Janu ary, 1875, Mrs David Ellis, sister of deceased, whilst endeavouring to saye some property from destruction by a bush-fire, was so severely burned at 8 Bpot about 50 yards from the scene of Satur day's accident, that she died in two hours after wards, on the 6ttne bed that her brother, Robert Pollock, breathed his last on the day named ; and on the same day and hour, in 1875, the eldest sister of the family died in Nova Scotia. So that only two brothers are now left of the numerous members who existed ' a year or two ago. In addition to this, I also learn that Mr Pollock, senior, some years Bince, met with a violent death on shipboard, while coming out here to visit bis sons and daughter, by falling on the deck -and fracturing his skull, News has been received from Newstead to the effect that a brother of Mr R. Pollock, living there, could not come to Ingle wood, having himself met with" a serious accident on Thursday, which had confined him to his bed. A spread-eagle orator wanted the wings of a bird to fly to every village and hamlet in the broad 1- land, but he wilted when a naughty boy in the crowd sung out "You'd be shot for a goose be fore you fiied a mile," ; 