1WcT A NJD 'IlU :l A ill A I''lUI'5.-.fL "W nnrlorntnnd thnt M1r. fltohrtn ho an UIL cLiortinl orAhitcnct'a oftlco lion ),roQ'j ini U Au bulnI for than pat l (!03fl ,Iz f boo snap cot i Mriro M1rkrhi4'ot'rio btiidirigo with n viow to rno rroiniiittl whethlor thioy ouild ha rondto noittlitbo for pooL toti t.Itigrtit A~liimr PYour ItalIllititn 'OINA 'n.- it'ho bonob of nmokttrutooa at 'I'Tlolo hlivu lttittototltd Mur. ttnorgo I nruott poSndktI lrur of t!. t piunn, VIVo W. U. Dlladuw, restgnod. T?x Trrcxarnas Mt?car.--It will ba' een by oar telegram that William Hato.', alias Waterloo Tom. who received ,entence of death at the last ci-reit court here for tbemarder of a bhepherd named Me Carthy, at Yeambarra, hashad hi aentencecom utaed to ten yearse imprisonmenr. Wzz.rrar DrLreacr Ma1rrino. --The annual sitting of the W.eleyan' distritri commiittee will commence ta.morrow in the lecture-hall. under the presidency of the Rev. W. Clarke. In the evening addresats will be delivered on Christian Commonion by the Re. R. W. Orton, and on Hikiger'?rChristiae Life by the Rev. J: Osborne. A.rcozzo?~s LcEsErs a.-The. annual meeting of jueehies for-the licensing of auctioneers will be held on thea2St of next month. Applications. moaust be not in to the clerks of petty-sessions not later than the 7th. Ta, MroEstTrras. -On Monday evening this really clever company gave the first of a series of performanoes at the mechanics' institute beforei a very large and highly-deligbted audience. ;'The marionettes brought with them a high repdtation in the enoomiums bestowed upon them by, the press of almost every part of the globe; and now that it has come to our turn to speak of them, perhaps we could not do better than reiterate or rather confirm that which we quoted in last issue, for the mario nettes are all they are repreeeonted to be. With so much macbiuery as becomes necessary for the com. pany to tarry, the expectations of the management that there would be insofficient room on the stage were fortunately not realised, though, the stage if larger and supplied with' gas would have made the transformation scenes more effectual. The dis advantages of the unraised seats in the ball were never more perceptible than when the more diminu tive figures were before the, audience. As showing what effects can be produced by poppets made in imi tation of " the' human form divine," the exhibition is interesting; hot owing to the adaptability of such figures to the, purposes of burlesquing the most absurd attitudes flesh and- blood performers are capable of assuming, a large part of the- entertain ment is oemieal in the extreme. The greater portion of the figmre are about two-thirds of life-size, or about four feet in' height; and the' scenes which the proprietor has brought with him' are in proportion to the height, of the figures, though they extend across the fall width of the stage. They are evidently the work of a soenio, artist of considerable ability; and the mode in which they are changed is iogeoni snut in the extreme, and seems to be a great improve menton the ordiuary? method. The whole of the 'pictures are well' conceived, especially the fairy scene with which the pantomime opens and the tranuformationacenoe, both of which drew from the audience a buzz of admiration morn expressive than boisterous applause. With regard to the figures, the first introduced represent a Christy minstrel troupe of. five performers (insufficient room not allowing more). There represent Bones and Tambo, Johnson, a violinist, and cornet, who play most assiduously on their instruments. They are ably assisted by the company's. accomplished pianist (Mr. Fowler), and the songs and choruses are taken up and executed so well by those in the 'backeround, or wherever else they so ingeniously stow' themselves, that one is al most led'to believe the bound is being emitted from naturally-moving features of the figures. The vocal musio is good, completed with an indispenseable bari tone (Air. J. Deigan)i the puns are witty and inof fensive, and many are localised, our new fire-engine 'becoming the object of a hit. The remaining figures represent the sentimental element. After one of the briefest 'of intervals, the second part commenced; and in' this a variety of figures were introduced re presenting the Tranka, Indian Juggler, Dromio, and the Chinese bellringers. The contortions of these figures were droll in the extreme, and provoca. tire of any amount of merriment. After another brief- interval the curtain again rose'to a pantomime entitled'iitle Red Riding Hood, which must be wit nessed to be thoroughly appreciated. The opening part leading to the harlequinade was quite as good as anything of the kind to be witnessed on the ordinary stage; and ase for the harlequinade, it is one of the most mirth-provoking exhibitions ever witnessed on a' stage. Pantaloon and clown perform feels which no human representatives of those mischievous per sonages dare attempt, and are oe lively as ever after sustaining mishaps that would he death to the living performer. It may be said, in praise of the manage ment, that unlike the ordinary run of such pieces, it is entirely devoid of vulgarity either in notion or otherwise in any portion of the entertainment. The company were no leses euccossful in a similar repre seontation last oeveing before a largo audience. There will be mid-day performances this day and Satorday next for the convenience of the little people, who could not have a butter illustration of their fairy tales than in thebo Royal Marionettes. To-night the performnnce will, we understand, he under the pat ronego of the Mayor, Captain Dignam, and other loading citizens. 'We trust the spirited enterprise of the management in bringing here so heavy hut suc cessful an undertaking will hbe met with bumper hounes during the remaining four nights of the week. TnsuErsc AccerTrtn.'-Tho following tendurs have hoobe accepted by the government, vi. :--Erection of police buildings, iombalo, Mr. A. Oliver; construe tion of a damo at Junco for water-supply, road Wagga to Young, IMr. A. P'ottiford. A TLOeLY RectP. c.--Tho schooner Victoria arrived at Geelong on Friday, and her taotler gives the fol lowing report to the Geoolong Advertiser as to picking up two men in o most exbausted condition from starvation :--o ltates that owhen pasting Saslert Cove on the 13ti instlnt, to the ecatward of Witlotn's Promontory, he was induced to run close up to the bold headland off the cove by two flror, one of which from its position he took -to be tueant for o ignal ; and on sending a boat ashore, two flohetrmn, who werein a most oxhausted ettot from st'-rvation, woere tahen on board. They infotrmed Captain Nicholls that four of them ihad bcon earning a living by fish ing along the couet; that having succoo ted in getting an unusually large haul of frilh, they determitnod to ecnd a load at once to Port Albert, and that the vye eel should afterwards return for the remainder in a day or so. The boat wnoe loadedl, and with two of their number uet cnil for Port Athort, the other two flehormen tlopping on land, heving one loef of broad and ta lirge quanotity of fiott for their proviuions. On this slonder tlore--one loaf, tile (fla having becorme btld-they had mainaged to livn for ewven datys, Their comraden heid not then returined, and they had comeo to the conolusioso that the no.n, who wenro reola lione, had booeen dronod. Captain Ntlolle tried to run for Port Albert; but the winds boing contrary andt J he foae thicl;, he plrooedtl on hin voyage, aond at the request ol thro retsen? d flh?r?rmo n, tdedo themon lit a tm alil bay half a mile from WlVlon'oe P)romontory. One of the survivors ito untnmed Smith. Thu name of the otheor onol wavs not stcrteott,'. ''lhoRn elf thlo mie.ing moon tre IJobinsoon and Smith. On Saturilday morning tlhe chief haroloor-ltnsetor receiveO d a ilosgrolto from Stookyardl Creedol; ittint lh.l theo twso mnon \--ltobineon nd Smitlh hud oarrivl Ilhero with their boatload of feh ; and what ilapppo"T n to he more in 1xplicallo is that the iomin noiher reported to the ,utholi tie that the' tiad luft two of their partoro behhlid, nor did tohey sppsear in a hurry to go after them. I)/lDi lrtolo STArATE or TIsIADI IN JIATuvITST. Mony years halve cilapoed esineo the p;enorail buosinos of this tdistrict tha sllfeoroed olluh n dsllssorblle doepron tiotl I01 IoI oe lind for nsomo tilos Ilon tIten toho aoots. Iso no one sitngl branch of businieso ie ony brislknos olth!trvsthotl, el tisIseI I h oehangae for tle hltter epredily taktlo plIac, the landllorlht will have to sub stit to n rltductsiosn in tho ronts of tohe tt?oces, for, w.ithoast wondonltrfnl improvement in trdlo, tho pro enot fitty-]trirCit reot canl neover he rmointainod. Muchit is expsotetl fron the rsulltn t thel proalsnt mgnrflvicnt otsllnon, and withoprt doubt teo alutlors syill lo ino U hetter positioi lo en.1nd money lhom wicA the cas l?st yelor. But this will only offot im oevellronts to n corttlhin sxterOlt, liond woo fs'or to only oa litliteol ono, for 50n0ny (o Sh noIt ,thro hatvo blotke grounod from I110t eeitton'tto ftiluro in toll no, lefore th50y lOt Isunoh out iso aoy otslidertito expenditure. The folt iso hscnnoinog moro tevidtlt overy tday that lllthurn t is doln wilt h ltortlsn aso( pullsltcl-houtooo , n dol etehlove ,ininiitg op00rlttoes rsviv0 atotd inauufcttoros orto olan itlis leondin d so houlo t tho oily', t (ftrletsr tl( e cstdenoco lmly ohe Itooott'd or.,-lintthiret ltndopltdeot. lasno IFAT''A t AIo'oa'AT AT UntnuntlttN.--lIt our inlue of 'lohtrsdony to otlItidl that tho ittornty. iR nrlcru hvl ilo d IIhi a hill of irnvtstai o htt r ,,nt iatltl llr, noloto n (luohl of lutrtollrllodii, itt colll tiSon wi ith th+l rotorktaheItt ,iso cost tititeto, isi wlolosl (Closnlittts O'trlori met his dotlth. 'hisl in to noloe oxtenot ail orror, and our tttontionl hItvtilt Iloon drtiawn to it, we i lns1iton ts ox|t)lsui that thl suo trttor (ll'le-gs t r Itl hosos ntot 1 lltsd i hill otf ssltn o ttllhlhri', hIlot othas ihntruotdtt thi oslit li nt son to 1 5 iltbte 0I tlhorouo.lh invo stL illati on ofs the wlole rnmttr.- Fvtnlin News. loIfrtotti s niH . -- iditurdeoy. -- 'ltho (lloill limi 1ol Itirn lllll, . o000 io hotrl o to tthe r oll rv ts Itn1. Thoe N'iltionsl liSlnk repuort ashlow a darhirll oo ton pIuot oht0, and i botue of t to tst' 0cpt., wItlh £7l,((10, . A now oredlt bhn l Ia blng formed wliith i calslil of S ,£1,00,000,-A man was garrolteld and rehbod is tihe YarraDomainlast night.-At the wool sales there was keen competition. Greasy realised 8IJ. to i0oj. Scoured 121. to 18d.-Associated Press telegram. Tun Orrnasx elo OtxirxDaoo -After the bear. ing of "i'A case at Gandaroo on Thursday, betore Mr. A. Afleck J.P., the prisoner was committed for trial at the next Goulburn circuit coourtLTh Gasidaroo corriospondent of the Qoeeanbeyan Age thus comments on the case; Thse eae of Berkley, for assaulting Mri. Crabtree; who btsbe5n'cohbabit fog with him for some time past as his wife, came to s~ colusion on Thursday last;- Only Mr;'A.AI eek was on the' bench, nad, very little'`sew infQomation was elicited. ' Instead of Mrs. Orabtres being dead or nearly so, she 6ppeared in court as'fresh as a new. laid crab, and spoke all ebe coilddin favor of poor old Berkley. It was she that wanted rmorethatr" her proper share of the bottle of grog that Barkley'.had brought; it wa she that wanted to foesick old'Berk. ley's pockets for money she thought he had, and if her beloved rebelled against this too generous use of her position, and had to take a smooth stick as she called it, but Mr. Gale said it was an are, what had that to do with,anyone but themselves?P If they killed each other that was their leos, and bead nothing to do with the public, because they were bothlnon. entities, and whatever they did was by themselves and there was an end of it. - A Bormra?~ Sa&au;:-The following remarkable and rather ridiculous accident happened: near the good city of Bathurst one day this week. A young man named lrapman went into the bush to do,.ome work, and while there one of his .boots felt nurom. fortable, and he resolved to draw it off to see what was the matter. To do so he thought the crolch of a sapling that stood near by him would answer the purpose of a boot-jack. He placed his heel in the crotch end gave a pull, but he slipped and fell oRthe broad of his back, with one of his feet high in- the 'air, sticking fast in the new-fshionrdbboatii?jsck. From this uncomfortable position he was unable to extricate himself, and he lay there stroggling until ten o'clock the net 'day, when he was discovered and released by.a party of. frlendsodJhiobad been hunting for him all the previous night.-Indepen.. dent. A TERRIFIC Sroax.-On Monday afternoon, 16th instant, Guodagai was visited by a heavy thunder atorm, which although short in duration, waisivery severe, and in very close proximity to the township. At about three p.m. very heavy clouds began to roll up, and a very vivid lish of forked lightning shot across the bill at the back of the Catholic church, simultaneous with a loud clap of thunder. One of the trees was split from top to steom, and the electric fluid passing through a paddock on Jones Creek, struck a valuable horseo of Mr. J. B. tElworthy'e, killing him on the spot. On examining the horse he appears to have been struck on the ear, an thu hair inside is all singed, the fatal fluid aeoms then to have pa?eed round his neck, and down hio shoulder into his off forn leg, leaving a mark like a tevero welt. The horse had only just been put into the paddocki, and the field wae entirely free of timber, no thorn was no attraction for the electricity.-Times. Cacvuct o, ExnLon:n. - Amongst the clerical changes and preferments about to take place in this diocese, the Gundagdi Times learns that the Rev. D. E. Jones, of Tumut will remove to Doniliquin ; the Rev. G. Spencer of Adolong is to succeed air. Jones at Tumut ; and a clervyman from another diocese is to be appointed to Adelong. We are quite sure the Adelong and Tumut congrogations of the Anglican church will be sorry to lose their present pastors, and we understand that the Adolong folks won't hear of it, for Mr. Spencer, although only acompaera tively new arrival, is as much beloved by his parish ioners an Mr. Jones is by his. To realise that such a kindly fooling exists between pastor nod people is very gratifying, and it frequently happens that worth, such as theirs is not appreciated until lost an' beyond recovery. We are glad to know that the lR?r. Mr. Holt has declined to rtelinquish his parish. Ttin GUNDAoAI GO-LDo F'ILD..-The Times says: -We were reminded on Friday last that our local gold- flelds were not quite exhausted, as the escort brought in about 1450 oz'. to be forwarded to Sydney. RosrrN CATHOLIC. - The Gundegai Times gives the following items:-'?'ho Right Rev. Dr. Ianigan will ashortly visit Jugiong to adminiestar the aoranmont of connfirmtion, rnd many caulidates are being prepared for the cxamination prepar atory thereto.-We hear that his Grace Arehbishop Vaughan will shortly visit Gundagai, accompanied by the Bishop of Goulburn. ilia race will during his stay reside fit the Catholic preobytory. - To UNDraTAKen:an AND OrInait Prteso.n s BunrYiOn DeAD BoDIEs. -The following circular issued by the registrar-general in published for the informantion of persons in the oountry who act as undertakers. Persons failing to comply with these requirements render themselves liable to a penalty of £10: " Roegistrr- genernal's department, Sydney.-Sir,-It having come to my lknowledge thaut buriale are fre queatly performed by undertaiker where no corerlif canto of the district rueister, coroner, or magistrate is produced, and as thin course if continued will materially interfere with the registration systemi I have to request that you will in future ascertain before interring a body whether the nocossary calrl licato hne been procured, authoriaing the dtsposal'of the body; and should uch not bhe the case, that you will cauno the form of information to be filled up, signed, and forwarded to the district registrar. In cases of emergenoy, or of coronor's or mnagistrates' certificates aunothorising the burial, t.ho usual certificate of burial muut be immodiatoly for warded to the distriot roeistrar; but those are only nxcoptionl caseson. The forms of information can always be obtained from the diatriot registrar with out foe. 2. 1 would also take this opportunity to draw your particular attention to the highly im portant nature of the information, which it is your duty under the 29th aection of the Reogistration Act, to furnish immediately after the burial, to theI regintrer of the distriot in whioh the death took place, nuo the entry of a death in not received us ingotl ovideonc without the cortilloate of hurial signed by the undert-aker and two housennholoers on witneso. I havne the honor to be, sir, your ebodiont oervant, E. Gi. W'ard, registrar-general." FRn-et INto Tnlll SIIaIInat;tI.Sui:Dno.-A curious complaint hau boon proevalnt thin nenason amonget tihe shenrora in come of the sheda on the Lachlan. It nacom to be n Ipooliee of fever, and han for its oharacloristico pains in the lhiad, woelling of the throat, great external dobilitv. Thle shearors thorne colvea tertu it tihe canol-a-tnaeek. Oane man died of it at Mir. Lneia'n Nnrint etation, and another ant Mosers. Iolt and lMankollar'iV, Whnny.--lBurrangong Argue, U Nntna. -Thurenday. - Two hundtrd andt five applications for conditional purchanns wero tendered at tihe land- olico to-day. T'hose tendored betwrnen ten anod oluven o'oloak wore treated on havning ban inulolanoneonaly recoived. Confolioting applientieoes, of which the ore nro a rrrut number, will be ballotid for to-mnorrkw. Thio rrnltgemn nt at the latondl-offloo wero very complete, no that neonrly all the appline tiaonn wiro ditponed of withina two hourn. iver8r thing plineand off in u qlet and uedorly mannner.- uMonday.-Thn nucceenslnl npplioanta and neoleolre rooeived ltheir rightsll this day. Several of the equat. torn on the Ynnklo haer lont a groeat dent of the btht parts nIf the roeserve, althouha there intrenat grumbling o ton the opration of the 31slt lanes ind the volun toer Innd-nrdlrn. Aftnter tle ollemn wnn closend for lnltninenn, Mr. laIlririty owas presentend wi o n ad' drelse, nignd by sixLty persons, thankingi him for the imputailiity nitd ourtrey eaown to all by himnelf ,nd slmnitdn, to which he Innade n a eunithable reply. It it hnnlilved thlrae will In a greant number of soeloctions next Thursday.- Tleogramn t Sydnely papnri. h)i:NIrn.lotnri Aninnl'ns.-S9,turdady.AL the nesicee to-day, Ilery Oilis, tbookmnlkor, nel lilbtntlournon was arraitaned for having, on the lnd t Of Juno ant, willully murdered an naori!ninal tnrnaed Tommy, at Vilannia, by nehootieing im with a rvolver. The foteal n Ihn ne an ro trhetnn :--On the night of thie ?2idt Jutnn, heling rance night, thie neunod snan drunk ( bIlhkn wnore canlnped nar the putlllo.huniunn, whou Oilnn nmi a younili min 'ina mod limu wnalt to the cnimp bnetween nitnn anl tini o'olook. The ilaclts repnlsed theml, nand Gil in mt 0tnstanble IIarpoLr, and atind hii edn bena itnnallllld alii wanntel the con at.atil, tin , ai, I am t niulna p,. Trhn intter rotanted, and stnaten tnhat bo thn ne noarhehd (ilen huit foulntd ino ilrn narmu nn hirn. (niln rnturnd t o Lthe hotel, Onn. nt-hIn Hllrpet lnfn-r nlf-eonr nfterwardt hnnrd tareo 'lichtla in lte vinity of thoe bllckin' oenp, lie waneL thorni anin ment l-ilen, nwho ntatedn that ahe had nhot a tlalnoetllow; elarcheld I)ilen nnl fotnttld a revolver- fIlve oilhanlberd wern empty,i two Inndeni. 'i'e eon. stlulno inot Tommny wnllting tnownatlrd the townnhip, tnd liini 0x- ninl'iinig Iim foltntil tn Wonllnd in the alft htintn ; Ibrllunhat him ti DrI. Nnylotr for Irlnlmolltnt, ittitniny died oni the 27th thani. lI)r. Niaylonr hel ld a potnnln nrtnmnn nxnnlllal ion, nid (lound an hn Inllot in the ln-t laut. two incnltn frennrt the snrfanoa; line wounnn Watn vellal-int to elUninl hIn-atlh. TIhe mlntor hald in inhiot dtolnutnl rlnnIIteed thlersrim; thie bnnilot etraOtedt frnam tie Innng 'nrr-rpondntd with none found in tin rvonlvor. lri. Purroa defendeld tihe prisoner, atnd nrlsnind tltlt there tans no ?ildoei od to show., Unt ithe atoused fired at tht, dooonand at all i and aouotadly it wee not actually shown that the deceased died from the effeots of the wound. Mr. Justice Manning having summed up, the jury in h.,lf-an-hour returned. a verdiot of maneslaughtr. The judge addressed the. prisoner in very severe terms, and sentenced him to three years imprisonment in Goulburn geaol. The trial lasted eight hours.-John Russell, an old Vie torian offender, convicted of robbery and garroting? at Hay, was sentenced to five.years' hard labor. Asaociated Press telegram. DuArDFuL ACOIDENT NEAR OooeNABARAnRAN. The Goonaberabran correspondent of the Western. post writes that, s Mres. Evans and Mlres S. Fielder of Baradine-the former with an infant and the latter with her little son aged three years and a little baby some five months old-were driving to Coone. borabren from home on the 10th instant, the spring cart they wore driving in was upset and Mrs. Field er's infant killed on the spot. Mrs. Evans, Mrs. Fielder, and the other children esoanped uninjured. ' RgMAtnKAoLE FATALITY IN A FAMILY.-The Ingle. wood correspondent of the Bondigo Advertiser men tions an extraordinary instaone of fatality in one family. He writoe:-The acciderit which happened to Mr. Robert Pollock of Bualbul Oreook on Saturday has proved fatal. Som send fatalitv seems to hang over this family. In Janunry, 1876, Mrs. David Ellis, sister of deceased, whilst endeavouring to save some property from dentruotion by a bush-fire at a spot about fifty yards from the seoone of Saturday's aooident, was no sevorely burned that she died in two hours afterwards, on the some bed that her brother, Robert Pollock, breathed bin last on the day named; and on the same day and hour in 1876 the oldest sister of the family died in Novea Scotia; so that only two brothers are now left of the numerous members who existed a year or two ego. In addition to this, I lseo learn that Mr. Palloek onlior nome yearn since met with a violent death on bhipboard, whilae noing out hero to visit his sons and daughter, by fallingon his head and fracturing his dshll. Noew has hoen received at Nowetead to the effOet that a brother of Mr. E. Pollock living there could not come to Ingle: wood, having himself met with a norious accident on Thursday which had confined him to his ied. Tres LATE. MUDonr ELLcTcrro,.-As already stated by a. telegram from our correspondent, police pro eoodings have arisen out of the liato Mudgco election, and the only result up to the pres?nt time is an amusing one. In the neos of William Baughln, who was charged with porsonalion, a remand for one week was granted. In the cose of Ihenry Davies, who was oharged with double voting, Mr Johnson, the prosecuting solicitor, naid that he would eask that the information be withdrawn, asn it had been laid by mistake. Mr. Clarko, who nppoered for the defonee, said it had boon discovered by the prosecution that Davies had voted for Mr. Pigott, which was the aeeue now of the proccedingo being slopped. The information was accordingly withdrawn, and the do. feandnt wen discharged.-Evening Nowv. BIonaAnlY AT WAOOA WAOOA. - In the: month of July last, reports the Expreon, the houso of Mrs, Finn of Fitzmaurio-aetreet, was burgleriouely en tered and a couple of silver watcheo, between £40 and £60 in money, and a quantity of drapery and other property, amounting in all in value to shout £100, stolen. Mlre. Finn a few days sinoe observed the wife of a man named John Goodger wearing a jacket closely resemblinir one she had lost on the night of the robbery. Not unnaturally concluding that in the event of her suspicion ra to the identity of the jacket being well founded, more of the stolen property would probably be found in the house of the women, she communicated with the police on the suhject.' Constable Hoban thereupon proceeded to the promilseof Goodgor and found therein ceveral of the articles lost by Mra, Finn. Goodger was brought up at the police court on Friday, and Mrs. Finn identified her property. HIe was fully com mitted for trial to the next court of quarter-soesions, bail being allowed. IMPaUNDED AT ?INALONO, on 13th October, from Fairford ; sum duo-1/ll6 :--White-gray mare, S over S reverend near shoulder, irolken, 4 years, 16 hands. To be sold 2nd November. ITMPOVnto AT JuoooNo, on 181h October, from Black Springo; sum ldu--8/3:-Bay horse, like heart over K near shoulder, l off shoulder, broken, aged, 14J hands. To be nold 9th November. lProvunnlD AT Rnice's FLAT, on the 10th October, from Spring Ureelr: ourn duo-18/- each:--Bay or brownehoreo, like ( or j writing capital blotch brand near ohouldor, blld ines, Boomh broken, 6 years, 14 bands; boy horsn, like n0 over LI or H over L nonr shoulder, no other brando visbile, pulled tail, saddle-marked, black points, aged, 16 handso. To be sold. th Novombor. IlPuroNDED AT COOTAtMUNDrnA, on 9th Octoher, from Ouellingar:-Ohoetnut colt, stripe down face, near:hind foot white, rn over EI- near shoulder, 2 years, 12* hands-12/6.--On 11th, from Stooltin binjie:-lBay colt, hob tail, W with blotch nser shoulder, 2.years, 13u handn- ll/f...----On 13th, from Oulligarnr: -Red and white steer, bit out of side of off ser, O nnder blotch brand, 1 year-l-/. To be sold 2nd Novoisbor. The snvoroot puninhmant ought to be visited upon rogues who marti or import counterfeite and imita tions' of popular modioinal hevoregns, or libel an artiolo of genuine merit while vaunting the morits of their own fiery, unmediontod drama. This has boon and is still done in roeinrd to an artiolo of toerling mertt, viz,, Udolpho Wollo'a Schiedam Aromatic Sohnnpps. It is well to put the publio on its guard. -ADVT. 