CBMffigjgms. . (pbok oub ovs oorkespoxdext.) January 26. Two years ago a bush-fire passed across this neighbourhood, destroying everything in its way op to the main road, and 3n several places crossed t notwithstanding all the efforts of the Inhabi tants, Damage to the extent of several hundred pounds was done, and several selectors nearly ruined by in i'su pre was oeueyea to be the act ol an incendiary, tor ft was noticed that it broke oat at two places nearly two miles apart almost simultaneously. This afternoon pome ope set fire to the brush behind the paddock belonging to the postmaster, Myamyn, extending several chains in length, and not many yards ln»m his fence, the wind blowing from the westward driving it in the direction of the line of fence. It' was hear this spot that the fire alluded to broke out two years ago, and 1 would ask, are we to have a repetition of the calamity then suffered without the police being on the alert? . Two years agon the police force at Heywood and Branxliolme consisted of one trooper at each place. This year, owing to the application of tbe shire council, tbe force has been doubled, but not placed in such a position as to protect Condah, Green Hi Lis, and Myamyn. This has been the fiat ol Mr. Inspector Chambers, contrary to the representa tions of the shire council D we suffer again, tbe blame must be laid upon those pp titled to bear it, Branxhobne is in no danger from'b&sh-fire;$ or in- cepdUry aots> and can well spare, daring the summer months, one of her troopers to protect this neighbourhood. X am sorry to report that the scourge which was so fatal Ust year about Condah— the scarlet fever —has again broken out. Two cases at present exist in the family af Mr. John 'Bondell, Condah, about two utiles from the swamp- 1 have not heard to-day how they progress ; bnt X understood yes terday that a favourable issue waB anticipated. . The trite observation, that we must go from home to bear new, peejns exemplified ae to who are likely to be candidates for Normanby at the next election. I perceive by tbe Spectator, of Tues day, that Mr. Murray, of Dunrbbiu, is being in vited to come forward, and that Mr. Thomleyand Mr. Shieis have friends working for them in the electorate. X think they mnst be working very quietly if they are doing so in this riding. It is they may be doing «o in another part. I have nJ4 0?® solicitation on their behalf about here. I Mrfnk if the friends of Free??rade put forward more <2>dlilzie. tezn cue, they will give a chance to Mr. Cope. 5? has given no public intimation of his intention to stand a£hj, hut it is probable that he will ; 'and. if so. he has iSfiay friends in the electorate, and may slip in between a divided interest Tour Heywood Correspondent states that a peti tion is being got op to His Excellency the Govefnor, praying for the abolition of the ridings in Portland ahlre,mndthatsneh petition is In favour with the general public. This certainly Is news, if it be not a hoax. The public In the East and West ridings would never approve of such a course, nor do 1 believe His Excellency or his coundllora would for a moment listen to it -We shall in this riding watch the progress ot it with --interest, but without fear of its success. \- There is still m great aeanity of hands on the railway works, as I am lnfomied,;wliieh is much io be regretted, as the contractors are manifesting such energy in pushing torward the completion ot the line. 