[?] Paseuipekt is «Lfll fo amdssisg to js4 general ImjireiiW Hirt it wiB be- riiesiAvwI' zd«n mnwffiatay er «Iie toprafog, . 'mnmeroiss «6nnuts .for. aono&rs; mn uwyjA cel .wDOing aotiafiyfiewreJto aasfch sbfing, SSQ9&GC;, free piswur 1l> nosdi and rail, free baa believed that when the time eomeswe shall haive some 200 or 300to<ooee fromto fill the 84 seats. Qaantity.-erill ho thergnt we shonld not like to vouch for the quality;;, At present, it is the Oppositionists who ore toe most active, and it is evident they "< mean to leave a stone unturned to sectary majority. No opposition has yet been on- Bounced to toe return of onr member tor Dandas, and it is believed no seat could bo arare-secaretiirathwtdftoe hon-Gbief Gecre-, tiry, Mr. J. A. Mscpherson. In Normuby, howevJ, there wfll be a fierce content Mr. Oodc. ths eitrdng- memliBr. felt the pulse of the electors in tost coostitaency »ome time J,nt fading it did not best in unison "wfth his. own, determined, end yeiy wisely sotoo to onnonnos tbat he wonld throw bimaJf into the arms of the Portland eleo- tors, where, however, he will have his work to do to beat Mr. Most, who now represents that borough. Mr. Shiels, barrister-at ia w ; Mr. Tbornley, formerly of Messrs. Thornley Brae, of Hamilton ; and Mr. Reynolds, solicitor, of Portland, intend to contest Nor- manby. Should, however, Mr. Ramsay, the popoiar Minister Of Education, consent to come forward, Mr. Thornley will retire in his favour. Ma Bamsay would be rare of befog returned, bat Mr. Godfrey has already retired io bis favour from East Bonrke Boroughs, so that we ore still in .tiie dark asto what he intends doing. - Sir John O'Shanassy wfll positively be fidd for Belfast, whilst fair the representation of Bipoo and Hampden thete will at least be three candidates, viz., the Hon. F. Long- more, Mr. Thus. Shaw, jun., and Mr. G. G. Morton. Hopez ore expressed that one of the two last-mentioned gentlemen will retire, as both will be well supported, bnt tbey will split the" votes, and thus let Mr. Longmore dip in. During tbe month the Hon. Graham Berry has addressed the electors of Geelong, and the prevailing opinion- is that be has meted rather too hastily. It is always usual to allow toe head iff the Ministry to unfold his policy first, end in wding as he has done, Mr. Berry has given toe Premier a great advantage. His speech chiefly consisted of a history of the stonewall period," interesting perhaps to geologists, bat si subject abont which tiu electors thought tbey bed already heard too mnah. Of coarse Mr. Berry oonld sot resist the temptation to again attack Sir W. F. StaweU, who, as Acting-Governor, refused him a dissolution when he found, as he knew he mod find himself when he took office, in a minority, although he approved of Sir "W. F.Btowdl refuting a dissolution to Mr. Kerferd, whom he onstad from the Treasury Benches. With respect to his policy, he averred it was to be the same as that enunciated by him when Premier, and wonld indnds toeinnoh-condemned bnrsting- np land tax. He also aoensed tits Speaker and Chairman of Committees of baring been oorrnpt. This created mncb surprise, aa he- is not usually guilty of indulging in such gross personalities, and as will beoaen by a paragraph in onr news columns, he appean ready to atone for the error he then com mitted. He talked -about tire hearts of earnest meo bring broken" by want of suo- oess, : and deprecated the idea that ha wife fond -of power. Notwithstanding that the leading organ of his party, ths-Ape, noam mended him to retire from toe leadership, he arid " He had no love of personal power, and did not care whether he was at toe head - or the bank of a political party." Of coarse this him been looked upon as so much " buncombe." Nevertheless/the fact cannot be denied he was well received. Thisteould not be a matter for enrpriee, as he certainly has done his best to advance tiu interests of Geelong, and tost constituency, of coarse, likes to be represented by a man who has some "go" in him. His return is looked upon as certain, and it is eqiudly certain if Ma Charles Andrews, of that town, comes forward, either Mr. Gszratt, Mr. Johnstone, or Mr. Kernot, will have to take a beck Mat. Onr budget at district news tins month most necessarily be a short one, inasmuch as very Tittle has transpired of nffimrat moment to interest readers at a distance. The 6th lost, was the twenty-sixth Srmivweary of that, , to Australians, ever memorable day, ' Black Thursday," wbeu the whole colony was in -flames. Broad riven could not stay the progress of the devouring element, craps were destroyed, and many a tonus laid low. And it really appeared we were abont to experience another such visitation, as the drought had been long and severe, the heat intense for some days previous to the 6tb inat., and columns of smoke rising here and there denoted the prevalence of bush-fires. Gradually these latter extended— many, donbtleas, were accidentally canned, bnt tbat some were the rasolt of incendiarism is now tolerably certain — and ia a abort time Hamil ton was Barrounded by bash fires. East, west, north, and smith, in every direction, grass lands and forests were being consumed. The atmosphere was densely filled with smoke, and the heat — the thermometer re gistering over 100 deg. fat the shade — almost unbearable. And as with Hamilton, so with other towns. From every quarter came re ports of bnsb-fites and of scarcity of feed and water. Selectors were being raiDed by the score, sheep were selling at 9d and Is each, water could not be got io some districts — that of the Wimmera, for instance— for love or mooey, eo far as drink for cattle was con cerned, and many a weary, dust-stained traveller bad to pay a high price before be was allowed to qoendi his tbirat with water from a muddy bole. Things bad a very 'black look-out indeed until last Sunday week, when "black clouds rolled np, mid the break np of the dronght was ushered in by heavy thunderstorms — eo heavy indeed in ieome places that creeks overflowed, and lives were lost in the floods. The welcome supply of water has removed all donbte of onr store lasting nntil we get the winter rains, and it is believed, ii has extinguished all the bush- fires, except in the densely-timbered country, where a great deal more rain will be required before the horning trunks are eoddened. It is reported s strip of conntry fifty miles long 'by from fifteen to twenty-five miles broad was rayoged by fire; between Maoarthnr and Moyne Fidls, Mr." Gannichari alone having lost 18,000 acres of grasa, and equally heavy losaea have vwenaed In other: parte of the colony. Sir Jama H'Cailoch has determined not to delay, tiie commencement of important railway, works longer than be can possibly help. It will be remembered, although be withdrew his railway policy, that there were gteB elwqt the making 3 which toe House was qnanppoqs. ' Qne cf these was fiie Horahaip Hna and Jie has psinpd tiie penpaneot enrysy of it to be pommmoed. The Dandas smd Villiers Railway League, faave sdep been alive to tiu impartanoe cf not allowing tiu riaims of this important district to lie dormant During the mouth a railway conference -waa held at -Belfast, to which. Wairaimbpol. Hamilton, and many Yhire poqppik In toe Western, district "rant dele- gsfiS-It-wfil be psmqbered- tort in their Brilwsy" Bill the: Government proposed to mkfce a fine from Warrnambool to Hawkea- dale, leaving Briirat ont in tiu orid. instead of lines from both- -towns .to a juactionat Koroit, which ia eqni-diatant between tbe two places, wheuoe it could be carried so to RamXlbW" Wsfs-jfef|hring-tons favoured -d oaa All % dctotoHi P The IWUn . Aa iraop 4a. rtet l|n|p bringeveryiufloeope -uhgg from Warinambool sibd Brifaat, to": at Korrit, indnded in the next Railway CouBtructiqn B3L" Attention - wu ' also 1 called to toe Fret thrt 8onth Anstralia had "topped" tife- traffic- ef a portion of the Weetera district til Yictoriaby making a lino to Narracoorte, and St was deter - tniued to impress upon the. Government the absolute necessity of meeting the mtrnder by joaDstrndaeg .liraa. that wonld bring ".tiu" traffic down to Victorian porta. With te- jqpeot to toe" Ararat and Portland line, tbe work is progressing must satisfactorily. Messrs. Qverehd and Robb. tiu contractors, ' experienced much " diffioiby in ebtainieg labimr, so tbey adopted a boM and effeutive' expedient by aeudiqg Idr fBeu to Sooth Aus tral ra, where libuar ; tlisiiks "to a tockfem" nysiemuf aiiisted xmmration— ia mrah in ezoesB of tfaedemrad. TbeSoato Antizalian Government " kidked f at this, bat of cpmse | tbeir remoostranra ww m -sitin; and jfeosrs. Overend aud Bobb are pnshitig forward their ; contract most 'rigmtmtiy/ Rriim .tife P"- j land end the line has bran couipleted aa far as Hey wood/ahd from Ararat to far aa Glen Thomson. faadditiratotoSsftoorii Of tbe work between Hamilton and Gfen Thomson and Hey wood has been ddnL'tod there is reason to believe that by Jane or Jnfr next we shall be in oommnmcatlco by xsQ witii thf metropolis on one aide; and wHh F«t-. lend on tiu other. 1.." . Tbe members nf tiu and-' Agritidtnral Aasoopn btid to snnnsl meeting on toe H Tf M'KellM and Messra. C. Fether- atimbangb and T. Skene vioe-presidente, Ma Msnsoa turn, tresanrer, yd Mr. W. Skene bomsecreteiy. A powerfffi nonumttra Onr Coursing Club have also met, and derided opon holding three meftpKA ""f?? of two. this year, viA, on the . Sih May, 13th Jane, and 1st August As baree sxe known to be very plentiful, and we have plenty of good dogs and tiu best ooaising ground in Yiataria, ».,.vniy, suocessf al seosou is confi dently looked forward to. _ The building of onr new public offioes has bran praseantod with mttto vigour dnnng the month. The Church England com mittee have determined won having toe bailding of the spire of the new church pro- needed with. B is to be 133 feet high, . will tost £303, and form a laud-mark visible for many miles. Other buildings have bera oompleted, or are in progress, so that, istta respect Hamilton isadvanring in prosperity. The crops in toe Wimmera district have not yielded abundantly. ': At present u-u a difficult matter to say what ths real average bra been, but it Is'Anowe to be very amsll. As Horsham is now looked upon as the centre of a great grain prodnring dtttnet, millers and speculators are .numerously re presented there, and tiie conseqnonre has- been an amount of speculation which sent wheat np dnriog the month to a fictitious value. Tbe figure now asked is more reason- able. Aa toe yield in South Australia hu also bran much smaller than anticipated, only 70.000 tons bring available for exporta tion, wo should have to look forward to very dear bread were it not that large supplies ore expected from California. When these arrive, prices wfll probably go down "with a Tun." A company, in 10,000 eharee of £1 each, is in course of formation " to develops the coal measures believed to exist in tbe vicinity of tbe township of Coleraine, Ond wennd bOrdly add, tbe result of their efforts will be looked forward to with interest. By the bye, talking abont Coleraine re minds ns that the Murray Challenge Cap has again taken .np its quartets in tort town. Sinoe onr last letter home was written, Css- terton defeated Hamilton, to be defeated in its torn by toe veterans of Coleraine. On Saturday next Hamilton will have another fling far tbe much-prized troiy, bnt little expect to win it again this season. The Ararat iaees, .held test week, were very mooeesful. Both tiie chief events were won by Mr. M. M 'Donald's Lion, and it is expected this horse will also win at toe Hors ham meeting. Peaabnrst pat oat a splendid programme, and has received numerous nomi- nationa The Port Fairy and Warrnambool meetings are shortly to be held, and Caster- ton has issued a prize-list' which era hardly 'fen to ntireet a part desltd competition ; oo toot what with cricket, oomring matches, and horse-racing, we are about to have a busy time of it. One of the most noteworthy events has been the annceasfnl opening of ire-works at Hamil ton, which waadnly celebrated on tbe6thinst It is to toe enterprising spirit of Mr. Coil King, of Gray-street, Hamilton, that we 'are indebted for a more than adequate supply of cooling ice, rt a moderate price, and those -who have resided in hot climates, for away from the larger centres of population will be able to appreciate stoat he has done for ha. With the aid of one of Vaare and Lettman'e machines, he can obtain a temperature of ISdeg. below "freezing point, torn cot a ton of ioe a day saperior to that produoed under the ether process, and retails it rt a price that will anrely bring it into daily nae daring -the beat of summer. With this good news, we most bring onr bndget to a close. 