jfctcmg of flclug. \- The Ararat and Portland Rail way. — Great progress has been made at both ends of the line daring the put few weeks. The " Dlstes " have now been laid for fortv miles ont of Ararat at the one end, and for twenty-three miles from Portland at the other. The Money Market. — As a guide to our Borongh Council, who will soon "be inviting proposals for a loan, we give the following : — ' Tend era were opened tue other day for 319 debentures of £100 each, leaned by the Melbourne and Hobeon's Bay United Railway Company, and payable on the 1st January, 1897. The minimum was fixed at par, and the debentures bear interest st the rate of five per cent, per annnm. . The only appUcstions received were for £500 worth at 10s premium, and £300 at par, which were accepted." The Hamilton borongh loan will bear interest at 6 or. 7 per. cent., ao that there will be a better chance of floating it at par. .The Postal Department again. — Aie there no mean of overcoming the vis in ertia of tbe Postal department, and getting it to perform it fnnctione properly ? We have already complained that in tbi district mail- contractors have, for months been carrying empty bags backwards and forwards between Hamilton and Penshnrst, because the deparri mant'inRtste on forwarding duplicate mails to the asms place on the same morning, and no mails at all on the intermediate days. We have farther had occasion to protest against the repeated detention of. tbe "English mails belonging to the Western district by keeping them for thirty-fix to forty- eight hours in the Geelong Post-office whenever the steamer happens to arrive on the-Nunday. And now, aeif to aggravate the Western pnblio still farther, it appears that the opening ;of the railway to Glen Thomson will, have to be postponed because the Poet-office authorities" are. not ready with the necessary mail ar rangements. We hope it isn't true, bnt the following is what we dip from the Ararat 'Adaertaers— "There ie. some likelihood of Ithe railway not being opened to Gleu Thorn- on.es. soon, as was- anticipated.-,; The Postal department, it . is .said, see eerione difficulties in the way of making early preparations. As in tfae vventof the opening, "-letters would require to be sorted -and despatched from Glen Thomson "to all the Western country districts, a regulation which -would entail a good desjiof expense, " Opening okv-sax Railway -to Glen ateoKg&N;— It "fr not probable (he Mount Bouse; Shire f 'orafil S&1 Alloy the formal opentdg of the frul way to ten Thomson to pass over witfaoui aakiag w emtahls demoo- stratioq to fojefarafo top pofhmpnesment of a pew eralor the Wheterndirtriot. - A fipeoial ffleetiDg fags fafon palled for Wffipreday next, to tab the rahjeri fnto mpridentioD, and doubtless aartotege . wfll be taken qf the opportnmty to "invite; te toBmbere of the Mfeirtry to pay toe district a vifiL That tfae Oommisaionerof Kailwaysnfiu oomerf atoed to do so is almoet eertafo/ hs having already announced hia tntehtibh qf vifitiDg the distriot in the oonrse'of a few weeks. Mount Abrupt Freestone. — There now appears W be agreater probability than ever of Mount Abrupt .Ireestoqe being need in tfag pqn#trpgtion of . the soperstrnctore of been opeoed for the hoildine as follows: — BriiiandHordaiid cement, £188 630 ; brick gad Mopnt Abrupt . stone. £248.963- The fiifierenoei, foipt toqyp> J»,|.373, whirt tome njay popridpi- e yide qiargtq As a rifetter (fi fopt, however, Aven apppoMng toe Xart teticeatD fate Jjeen giyep, it wri), in the long ran, fas veiy much cb®»por to use Mti Abrupt ktoee than iPorfiand oemeot, Tb'e longer toe atone Is espoeed to the etmoephisre toe hmrder it seta; ; whilst Portland oMneot ia'liaUe toondqfopsty weAtheis further dwlroyed.fay tfaegeoeratiooof «asea between foii 'qefo.qofi toa bririrwork j no mattfr appuad eemant will be continual v l„ . , — first two or three camBUnceg, it will pJn;?' . Mount Abrapt ,tone vueaprasamot,, - us dd to the appear' Courts. ThenPJ£T£ hqfl no proper eitimafe of tt®5 thatwm be requitiM is merely an approrim.u bava fed to gnideth is to be done st a stodni Tc. safjaa.« and cement bnUdfeg, been m the pomemion of ttelSSB some years. Surprise nuv that bo tneetC !,P?3H — -e uiuwu has be.n no inspector could tell sprinkled with salt wateT T!4H from Tasmania without being subject to each Abrupt stone should be nsei illi4H employment to many meTi, -instead of seeding the tnooev country ; and even snppoaJ./SH should be £60.000, sum wril he returned to the toe carriage of toe stone by railway. It wonld fisoTwS ted and supply hu long wanted— a good We recently gave the hCt&« ,ton? Mlertea for bfi&H; Melbourne Law Co arts, it wu to ohoeen aa toe raShd Houses of Parliament. WsowZlH Melbonree papers that on fug of the Parhament bZing.feH waa held; present-Sir Charles (in toe chair) Sir & G. Doffv uJ D.vies, TheehH was unable to attsni tor-general of Public Wort. feM the consideration of the three plans of the proposed altnfeLrB tng toe position of the offices, and other accommodatim vided. The commiasion fte demolition of toe portion "IT me spaoe intbenlifiH ball and vestibule would be end, of the week, authorised the Works department to proossd ereotion of the principal entrant bnle. In consequence of the small present, the commisfios decided to elZHfl tto consideration of the erect xdbH fogade until "toe next meeting. present examined the work formed, and were satisfied that thtwB entrance wonld he convenient sad The choice of the etone to be adfatH front was also left over, hot as stone from the Grampians, obtsiuUiaifiH k few miles of toe Ararat hailnr. ve.fl galrded as very suitable, A Nasty Accident obremdnh Hamilton rsoeoouree yssterds; menist appear Mr. T. Stewart, jot, to ifr|B Scottish Chief over s jnmp, vbec tlx pa of: the saddle gave way, and bevutbntmlH On tonching the gronnd hisfsce mnthnflH Come into contact with somsoftluiisBsd| of the saddle, as his npperlip vatsid| throngb, from the noes dommids liH James attended to the wosnd, udisAsaH ing Mr. Stewart wss progressog A Lunab BAOTOW.— Dgdif iB dense fog that prevailed between ok nni teR| o'clock on Thnrediy morning, > mypfaigH lunar rainbow waa seen in the Wotafi|g the arc being well defined, and bright. .H . Hamilton Petty Sessions. -figM only case yesterday wu thlt nt KihatS| Giles, cdaim of £4 10s for wort and in which plaintiff obtained a veriiet dH 26s coeta. raH The Weathee for the past d>; baa been nnseaeonebly hot Up to 3 yesterday the atmoephere wu so oppnanH to be almost unbearable ; st iboot tnttsffiH the wind veered round from north and then ennted ronna me compel east. A very heavy tonndsntono-eiaH pauied by a tornado, which Bettered hndmH light and left — fell at Violet Creek, ififflH parentiy, went towarde the Vlctnii TikH where it would doubtless have ou a large bush-fire burning them yataamH morning. , , . , M Cbiceer — Agrio, for the timo mH this season, Casterton and HatmhmaikH day are to to pitted against friendly contest in the cricket fieldbUH poeseseion of the Murray ChaUenjeCfi it is highly desirable the match biobH possible, be played out to-day, therennffi beoommencro at halfpast 9o'clo4i» which time the match conmuto see every member of the U.nrltx attendsnoe upon the gronnd. the Hamilton eleven have ayt»I®M liehed, and it is understood the .ate team will to about the rams artbitrt« wrested the Cup from onr men ij ago. There was a report ffi»t not be able to play, but this » "««« a to arrived with tiie othem With respect »» the England Eleven v. Anstrelis-it H| finitely known that neither Bra» ?gM forth will take part in ik raditnM® if Allan or Blackham will »« aary leave of absence. No h11 . one of these men absent an be tost in Anstralia, therefore mctole«» wiU be taken in the match. will represent New South Thomson, D. Gregory, E. and Bannerman; whilst the wfll to selected from the fononn|. Allan, Horan, Midwinter, Blackham, Elliott, It is to be regretted that Molhp1 -M have been overlooked, as he n iwtB form as ever he was, whirt, national Committee know, mews . Hffi is not a better bataman in reply has been received from tary of the Portland Clnb, Dickene for hi prompt and conrtre in re toe East Melbourne match be played at Portland, bnt regW in the abeence of any reply to® Casterton, it has been 'mPf\r foH toe East Melbourne Clnb »"y» these cirenmstances, rt ui'yhapp E.M.C.G. will be unable to m > eleven team, aa erreogemm made for a match at Adelaide- however, is expected in a toe meantime repliee wffipwbabtyj received from toe two olnhe following are the name d < team Jkeeera Mnrrjy, M. and L Cnreen, W. Donaldsoe, Mnllegb, Skene, endiwr- emergency, E. Chaffey. Noemanby Eleohon.— ml r» leigh ie to addrees tbedaclrari At» JM h,len Avofe j carried, "that the (fiia Iteefi until it to heard W dates." boet faiy We have been requested to re® bone th»t aoceptences fo |SjBfW Handicap, Handicap Huidl'Jj,.; djoap Bteepfeofaaae are dug on ID : Isr re WhUam debts were proved, and the moe s— In re Bridget £0#B meeting in the estate of gfoH Macartbur, was held at »« Hamilton. Mr. Samnel Lang apdpurad for . m Roche and Co., creditor ,# Br. Pelmer appeared pn beMt of other creditor. Mr- d,0iWjW nominate Mr. Dauby, of Bduvf # as trustee; and Mr. M0" , K.lfqt B topg, pogiioeted Mr. M«o pd m frffl Palmer objected to Mr- mertlPi'jJB fopyjog »py reeolnt'epst .fajved tending riiattoe pnvil««> To extended' only to voting. . knotty point the meet"« W to -the 21st met., for the judge W no farther business could be d® j penshursr— A rertrt Mr. E«dfe«ii hw w00® I There is no doubt I Costt »» ' dn>e 3 roaring trade I ?" 3 taring go®3 b>»in6M 'ale?!ie> »nd n I "". JmSer that haa made htm popular I moeble - hicb he has resided. He is I is every pi BDOrtsmuli and aa an excellent all- I ,thTdremr, will be a valnable acquisition I EttaHMniltoI,clob- i Flectokal Map. — the Leader of this I fmUhee its readers with a wel -exe- I veetie'0'5 , the new electoral die- I largest rod bett Ira tare yet seen. - : I Gig FOB PoBnAm—It wonld apt I "f. residents of Portland are deeiroua -of I P16 «? »Chi<9«o I Tthe Weetem district," as we learn frem our I "liSsnondeut that atepe are .again about to mtrw»" eetabliah a gas company. "bit Portland bAta of bei.og I """KMBtabbsbed town in these parte, I „fthe seaboard, it is really surprising I ftU not light®4 with gas yean ago. ' It ta It wee W" "e. hoDed tbe present movement I "Stamcwssful ; that tbe Portlandere wdl I rS " Providence helps those who help I """"if. " put their own shonlders to the I r »4 'not uk tte Borngh cunou a WffiAT ACT Floub. —There is a I „ Mobshility (ssyB the Herald) tat a etaible reduction in toe price of wheat "7/f, will take place inthecooree of a few I The very large deliveries this neaeon, l 'eoori, during the first two montto of iwn-thirde of the entire receipts of I 1' not confirm the reporte of short ''dda To the general public, the drop of£l B hfnoe its general iDtereflt. I q-mcfi ACT Siatioka — A Sydney B u „iLjffi havise eold on account of Mows. "Ceo d Co., the Tenterfieldsta- B tpjrt of Kew England, .New South |&a; together with 37.000 «heep, 3500 KnltanA3800na« of purchaed land, all "„or iraa, at a sstiefactory figure for cash, £. SWPOof and Beadett, purdhaeere. ufSorra Smith has sold his baUtoare of KS West Station and n,000 «heep ireeT0rie, m'» srtisfrol. Kwpriw Messrs. Riohard Gibson and Co. Etame toe purchaser of Beggane Station, K toMnrmy. This station is the forthert K ri "9 »he riTer" KW takes the stock, and 3M acres of Elected laud on the New South Wales ode Bthe river, belonging to the same proprietor, Kir. M'Cormack. The Ieos-Hakd.— "tEgleB," in toe HteXra lotion, tntes: "The last place one Bz-gir tiave expected to hear of the fearinl fc ritioo of the iron- band would be in Kf l Geelong. The last person one Btarid have suspected of buckling on that ELitsive political knnckle-dnster wonld he' K ,worn champion of freedom, the Hon. R,r Bar, i A ehort time ago a gentleman Hhoro to be the editor of Mr. Berry's news- K>Der intimated to the electors of Bsrwon bts Eteotioii to become s candidate at the forth- Emins Parliamentary election. Bot that Ktftorhad.it ie said, been rash enough to Krier himself withont the leave of Mr. Berry. eir, imperil my seat for Geelong? KFrsstnte my plane for tbe country J Take. Eodi choice, eir, gi nP eitller toe paper or Koer candidatore !' And that editor, between Kvo etools, thought he had better not risk H|tii chair to wio the seat There has been no Krther coquetting with that electorate sinae Blr. Btrry let him feel the grip of iron ander Kte glove of velvet." The Highest Pbice for wool. — bir; Kimcel Wilson has reoeived a telegram, dated Kth rebraary, from Messrs. Robert : Brookg Ed Ca, Loodon, as follows "We have, Kold yoor Ercildosn wool, per Allanshaw rod - K«rge Thompson, the fleece averaging 42d Ker mood, the top price being 60)5 ; other Bote, 54d, 52)d, 50)(L CoueuaJ competition. . K? hire eold your Mount Bute. wooL . the Her, averaging 33 Jd, the top. price beih" H2jd, Tour Yanko fleece averaged ' 264<i." Hhe prieffl qooted for Ercildonn wool are by. Ksr the highest ever obtained for any Vic-' Horiso clip in the London market. ' ' B Rise ikihb Value of StooIe.— On Wedneedsy a great rise took place in the ' Ktlae of sheep in the Melbonrhe market, he market vis exceedingly brisk, rod the Bn'eeereilised show an advance on last week's' btee of from 2s to 3s per head, according tb Basliiy. Prime crossbred wethers, heavy Beigtti, sold from 19s to 20s ; good do, 16s Ho ISi ; second and middling do, from 10s to Kie; prime merino wethers realised from 13s H, 15e ; eood do, from 10s to 12s ; inferior, room 7a - Ibis is s rise in fi rat-class sheep of roll; 3t per head, as compared with the sales Bisde during the previous week. At Sud- mX 1st cattle were sold at £1 per head ad- roice oclut ereek, and as the advance in oth instances is likely to be eostaioed, the Brupecti of landowners are decidedly brighter Bsn they were s few week's ago. H Selfaei Shoe aad its Secretary; B-In addition to the little irregularity re- Kecfieg the delay in handing over the Hnedt of a csttage sold by tbe Belfast Bounril, for which conduct the secretary Baped enspenaou from offioe throngh the Hriosal of the President to pot the motion, had there are other complsinte agaioBt Bt. Howes, which tbe Belfast Gazette tons Hoticei :— At the February meeting of the Knodl, the annual estimate of receipts rod Kpeoditore, which requires to be prepared tie rate for the year is struck, was Bid before the meeting by the secretary, Hidiliowed the very satisfactory result, that Bter providing for all liabilities of the ehire : the current year, there would be e credit Vsnce left of £219 14s 10d. This was all well, and of coarse made things look uy pleasant, but quite a different aspect epos it at the last meeting by Cr. who pointed out that the whole ptment was a delusion and a snare — that tofead of a credit balaoce, there wonld be a rioenty of eomet'tiing like £1400 at the oie of the year, and that to make both Wt reeUlcrtherrate of Is in the pound oud be neceesary, making the rates for the H!" amoant to 2s 61, the highest limit "d by the Act. He aUo pointed out jPnjheetetement prepared by the eecretary Hr, 'Trived at by omitting the whole tbe hahilifiea outetaoding at toe com peomentof the year, which included aums .contractors on last year's contracts, to contractors, amonnts doe to marmtiioroiigh and WarroamboolShire, and overdrilt due to the Colonial Bank — H9ng ia all to £1562 19a »d. The S?,w«l)arply taken to task by Cr. ior placing before tbe couodi a dooo- to gtouly unreliable and calculated to toe codqcU on its fintnjul puatioof somewhat iacoaveniectly tor ha reMonp, was rescued by tbe who abruptly pot a atop to tbe pwceeding, The Ga$etU adds rr K||- L wi BMJDe"wauiDK important Bjto" 7 peraiated in, it may be met application of «n 41 iron T Pfe«idcnt little wota ot BJ- — We observe tbat the fTrly Putor of toe ute„Brchtt; Belfast is dead, and Rida Cemetery Let ToZ Eg,1 !to»»«hoeto»t anotoer old colo- Kta diJS® 'ifinon, o Mingbool T: «a Tfanraday, of brain lever." The HuTTi- toled in the district for many HI a poseeeeed ' stations in Qaoene- , Geaham Berry on Wed- to address' toe v o .received on the plat- Hko lii' inspector of Dqieaogea, KtjtertX v1";46! bY toe etooewali IC"1:1 The Telegraph tiaskz Bice, '"e ngbt man in tbe right KirtteLCAMPBELt-» will l»e ta, I'toet this stanuch freo- Tfitre of from toe can. K5to 'Shrewd;' «d intends, an R is 'An a » political arena for the K»«nd dn toe fallaries of "'"tank Ptotiman, Mr. Campbell Jus diepJTfWe toe colony can rnun rr "tto the assutance of wo K.tohtte""6 present juneture of affaire, K'ttpncP?8' f hf toate wiU yet T'We of tk P 6 Himself at toe die- 'ne oooebtqenpieg. Beniigo Kf'ainiafcer tlx II reported by BSeoeiJ? conference «e 4<d©B- Sandhurst." and was a. a 5?eoce» " s® » tonS tL?nbl, V®PMfey 