TOODVAY, January 20. 'So letter with this heading could have been penned from here last week without lifficulty, for the district was well nigh ieserted, the Toolyay world and his wife uaving gone to Perth to sea the Show. They have now returned, and say that though the Show was in most respects inferior to many of our own annual local exhibitions, yet the idea of a central gathering is a good one, as by wideniug she area of competition the energies of settlers will be stimulated as well as directed with greater accuracy to the nigbest standard that can be achieved in bheir respective classes. Writing as a countryman, I would suggest to the cotn tuitttee that the late Winner might with advantage give place to a mid-day luncheon, and that the evening should be devoted to a public Ball under the auspices of the Association. It is almost an insult to the fair sex to offer them the ' privilege ' of listening from a secluded gallery to the after- dinner eloquence of ' bullockists ' and ' Bheepists,' but I urn sure that if the opportunity should another year be offered them they will gladly furnish a feature that has been missed in the present Show, by displaying their charms iu those dazzling combinations of form and colour which are exclusively counected with the terpsichorean art ? Considerable interest is shown with regard to the race that is announced to take place bere on the 8th February between Mr. Lukin's horse ' Chorister ' and Mr. Everett's colt ' Van Dieuaan.' A large number of visitors are expected, and a Ball in the evening at Leader's Hotel— let Perth hide its head — is already arranged. ' Chorister ' is the most in favour at present, but the adherents of his rival look very knowing... ...None of the longed-for summer showers have yet fafleu, and I find that horsas and stock are already Buffering from the drought. I saw to-day a large herd of cattle which hal been brought in 'from back,' where the springs had failed ; they will have to go farther in a few days, for the strongest springs are getting weaker and weaker..,.. .The dreaded oidium, though some time at Baylup and York, has not yet made its appearance in Toodyay. Fruit-trees have a very poor show on them, aud many are dying in consequence of the drought. I am glad to be able to report that the grain crops have been generally satisfactory, though there will be little if any wheat beyond what is needed for local consumption. Another correspondent, writing on the same day, says : — Either the most boisterous winds or the most scorching heat are the characteristics of our present season. Some of us pray for rain to cool the atmosphere, while others wish for dry weather so that they may garner their crops. Bush-fires prevail and the air is most oppressive ? I hear of several vignerons whose vines are affected by a sort of blight, but not I think to the sameextent as at Guildf ord and Perth. ? I have nothing of particular interest to relate; we are all ss quiet up here. We have no ' shout:ng ' at oue another (only for fun, you know,) as in some ' pubs ' of the colony. 