TOWN TALK. The Argus has given the name o£ the Turkish Vizier who has succeeded Midhat Pasha, as Edhim Pasha. It is Edhem Pasha, as given by us. He was the Turkish Am bassador at Berlin, and Second Plenipoten tiary of the Porte at the late Conference. In another column will be found particu lars respecting the destruction by fire of a six-roomed house, owned and occupied by a slaughterman named John Howlett, which occurred last night at lialf-past ten o'clock at Geelong West. The ordinary monthly, meeting of the Ladies' Benevolent- Association was held im mediately after the recent annual meeting of the Society, Mrs Hitchcock, who was unanimously elected President, presiding. The business was chiefly confined to a retro spect of the past year, and the necessity for some alterations in the rules, and a sub committee was formed to revise the same, and an extra meeting decided on for the 23rd, to receive the annual collections, as some of the ladies had not completed the lists. The fol lowing ladies handed in the result of their col lections :—Mrs Hitchcock, £G1 2s Gd; Mrs Cameron, £5' 12s ; and Mrs Shirra, £5 I During the month subscriptions had been received from the following :—Colonial Bank, £5 ; Mr II. B. Itonald, £10; Bank of Aus tralasia, £5; Mrs John Bell, £3 3s ; Mis Armstrong, £3 3s; Mrs Slade, 10s; and Government grant in aid, £450. The resig nation of Mrs May as a member of committee (owing to removal) was received with much regret. A deputation, representing the various Fire Brigades, waited on the Hon. J. Jones, Commissioner of Railways, yesterday morn ing, and were introduced by the Hon. J. Patterson, who urged on the Commissioner the claims the Fire Brigades had upon the Government, they being one of the best insti tutions of the colony, and also reminded him that there would be no extra claims on this occasion to those of any previous year. The deputation included the following fire men, namely : — Superintendent Tuck, Sandhurst; Captain Casey, Maryborough; Captain Grey, Maldon ; Captain Christy and Secretary W. H. Kingsbury, Gee eng. The object of the deputation was a reference to the transmission of Fire irigades and apparata to the demonstration, o be held in Geelong in May next. The Commissioner recommended the delegates o keep as near as possible to the £500 vhich was voted, but stated in any case he vould agree that Firemen and apparata vould bo conveyed free of charge to "and rom Geelong. He mentioned that the Bri jades were debited to the Department to a arge amount, which he supposed would have o be placed to the profit and loss account. Se also urged the delegates to bear in mind ;he numerous fires that occurred last year, md hoped each Brigade would provide in sach district for a sufficient number of Firemen being left in case of emergency. Superintendent Tuck promised that this matter should be attended to by the Brigades in their separate districts, his remarks being endorsed by the whole of the delegates present. At about 11 o'clock yesterday morning afire broke out in a hay and corn store, situated near the Junction Hotel, in Highett-street, St. Hilda. The premises were in the occu pancy of a Mr A. It. Smith, and were in sured in the Hew Zealand Company for £150. The warmth of the weather, and the consequent dryness of everything, aided the spread of the flames, and despite the efforts of the firemen who were in attendance, a two-storied house adjoining, and occupied by a Miss Higgins, caught fire, and was much damaged before the conflagration was quelled. Captain Christy and Secretary Kingsbury, the local delegates at the Demonstration Conference, lent a hand to suppress the fire. "William Griffiths, a medical practitioner at Gordon, was tried at the Ballarat Court of Assize on Wednesday for the manslaughter of Mary Callanan at, Mount Doran, on the loth October last, and found guilty with a recommendation to mercy. The prisoner pleaded that he had done all he could to save the woman, but the breaking of the scissors was an accident he could not avert. He was sentenced to six months' imprison ment, the Chief Justice remarking that the lives of patients shonld be protected from the malpractice of unskilled surgeons. A deputation from St. George's Church congregation waited on Mr and Mrs Camp bell at the Manse on Wednesday .last, and presented them with a puree contain ing seventy-two sovereigns as a token of affection from the members of the congre gation. This is in addition to large contri butions which the wealthier members of that church have given to the fund which the General Assembly is engaged in raising to bear the expenses of their two representa tives (Mr Henderson, of Ballarat, and Mr Campbell) in proceeding to the General Council of the Presbyterian Church, which is to be held in Edinburgh in July next. We understand that Mr, Mrs, and Miss Camp bell sail for Loudon on Saturday, the 17th, by the Hampshire. Another fire occurred last evening about half-past nine o'clock on the Moorabool street wharf. Some person, who was wait ing for the steamer to arrive, after lighting his pipe, carelessly threw a lighted match on the end of the wharf. The flame caught a decayed portion of the wharf, and, unob served, it rapidly increased to a bright glare, which was noticed by Mr Hiscox and con stable White, who speedily ran to the spot, and with a few buckets of water quenched the flames before much damage was done. The sittings of the Assize Court commence this morning at 10 o'clock. The Chief ■ Jus tice, Sir William P. Stawcll, "will, in all pro bability, be the presiding judge. The cases set down for hearing are as follow :—George Irwin, larceny from a dwelling; George Wilson, arson; Walter M'Beath (on bail), assault and robbery. In its Civil Jurisdic tion the Court will be called upon to hear the following causes Before Juries of Twelve—Longden v. Weigall, -Murnane y. Overend and another. Before a Jury of Four—Gray v. Pearson. It will be remembered that about two years since two young men, named John Patrick Murray and Patrick Lynch, resi dents of Geelong, were sentenced at the Assize Court to two years' imprisonment for assaulting and robbing a sailor in a hotel in \ arra-street. The former's sentence ex pired on Wednesday last, and he was dis charged from Pentridge; Lynch having some sixteen days to serve for misbehavior. On leaving the gaol, Murray repaired.to the office of the Discharged Prisonere' Aid So ciety, and received £1 to pay his travelling expenses to Geelong. He afterwards went into a hotel and ran off with the landlord's coat, in which rvas £27. The police were immediately in pursuit, and two detectives, in company with two constables, found him on board the steamer Despatch, just prior to her leaving for Geelong. Murray knocked one of the detectives down, and was with great difficulty handcuffed "and searched; the money being secured. Sergeant Toohey conducted the case in the Police Court against Murray when it was heard, and after he was sentenced, his father brought some serious charges against the sergeant, alleging that the prosecution was conducted unfairly, and that an innocent young man had been imprisoned. This view of the matter was accepted by many persons,- but the present conduct of Murray will go far to wards proving that he got nothing more than hi3 deserts. The weather yesterday was close-and sultry, and the town, as usual, enveloped in smoke. About seven o'clock the haze was very dense, and objects could not be seen at a greater distance than 400 yards. A fresh breeze from the eastward sprang up at eight o'clock, but it veered into the south and then died away. The barometer commenced to fall towards sundown and the weather glass showed signs of an approaching change. At the meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Association to be held this evening, the question, "Has the Government a right to enforce the observance of the Sabbath ?" will be debated. Mr J. F. Hogan will open the achate in the affirmative, and Mr JVI. B. Byrne will respond. IVe have been re quested to intimate to all members of the Society that the Library, will bo re-opened for circulation prior to this evening's meet mg, at the usual hour. . One of the duties that hail to be attended to at the fire in Yarra-street, vesterday morning, was the prevention of petty thefts, liie effects saved from the fire and placed in the road had to he jealously guarded, and in one instance ah old woman who appeared to he a deep sympathiser with the persons burnt out required a deal of watching. She was cautioned several times about her eager ness td examine the articles saved, and eventually she walked off in a highly indig nant manner. When some distance from the scene of the fire she dropped an article of wearing apparel, which attracted the notice of a constable who brought the woman ack. The officer, however, was astonished when she produced an under garmont of emale clothing, and as it was impossible to determine who owned it she was allowed to retire. On Wednesday night a gentleman named William Cox, a resident of Portarlington, was admitted to the Hospital, suffering from severe injuries to his legs. He states that [ flTT i 'vounds whilst coming out I from England on board the steamship Hau he w«anCif ^heaVygalein tIle Bay Biscay ' lea7ttieWf 8 th° d6ck' ^ whilst ! near the forecastle a heavy sea broke over the vessel and laid her on her beam ends. f'0,™03 were washed off, and came tumbling down on top of him, crushing him down on the deck with great violence. One and th if a™ fractured *t the ancle joint, and the flesh completely torn off, leaving the bone exposed. His other leg escaped with lighter injuries, but was, nevertheless se verely knocked about. When extricated, h0 1 was fully aware that his leg was fractured, and expressed himself to that effect. The ship's doctor, together with the captain aud officers, did all in their power to bring him round, but for some time he was in a very precarious state. He was brought down from Melbourne and taken to the Hospital, where every attention was paid him. Several pieces of bone were extracted from liis heel, the contusions being of a fearful character. He remains in the Hospital, but is in a very low state. At the annual meeting of shareholders in the Provincial and Suburban Bank,: held on Wednesday evening in Collingwood, a divi dend of S per cent- was agreed to. The re port and balance-sheet showed a steady ad vancement in the Company's prosperity. The Directors were authorised to issue notes of : the bank as soon as they deem such a course advisable. Messrs John Hackett aud R. S. Scott were appointed Directors, and Messrs Thomas Dickson and James Campbell, audi tors. The divideud is now payable to local shareholders at the branch bank at the corner of Moorabool and Ryrie-strccts. . , Those whose business affairs necessitate speedy intelligence of the English markets will be interested in learning that the two consonants, ch, in cable messages, will be counted as one letter instead of two hence forward. Compound words, such as Christ church, hitherto reckoned as two words, will now be charged for as one word only. Two men named William Copes and Thos. Diggans were removing the machinery from an old flour mill in Ballarat on Wednesday, when two beams fell upon them from a height of about 12 feet, breaking Codes' spine be tween the shoulders and the other man's back between the loins. The poor fellows are now in the Ballarat Hospital. Some .evil-disposed persons have ruthlessly broken a number of the ornamental trees in Malop-street, between Swanston-street and . the Gardens. The trees in that locality have grown well, and have attained the height of eight feet, so that the destruction of a tew is really a very serious loss, and the vandals deserve the severest punishment. Mr Pagan has been expelled the Ballarat Coursing Club, for refusing to pay liis .bets ' with Mr Hayden on the last Waterloo Cup. Portions of the pavement in front of the Victoria Hotel sadly need repairing, the flagstones having been worn.as thin as .a common slate, and smashed in several places. - The steamer Despatch did not arrive at the wharf last night until . 10 o'clock. She , ran aground in therYarra in endeavoring to . pass another vessel, and it was some time before she was got off, two steamers having to go to her assistance. The dense haze caused by the smoke from bush-fires also delayed her on the passage to Geelong. A woman named Julia Riley was arrested by the police yesterday afternoon, and. lodged in the lock-up, on a charge of having assaulted her husband. The Ballarat branch of the Licensed Vic tuallers' Association announce!, in our adver tising columns, that their pic-nic takes place on Thursday next. The steamer Williams will convey visitors to Queenscliffe, Fortsea, and back on that day, the return fares being 6s for adults, and 3s for children. A brass and string band will accompany the excur sionists, and the Williams will leave Geelong at 0.30 a.m. on the day named. Tickets can be obtained from Mr H. Pranks. . Pedestrians are reminded that entries for the following events to be run for at the annual athletic sports of the Birregurra Cricket Club, close to- day:—Birregurra Cup, Hurdle Race, Walking Match, One-mile Handicap, and Vaulting Match. The sports take place on the 9 th March, aud the ac ceptances for the Cnp close on the 3rd March, when entries for the other events will close. A meeting of the Connewarre Regatta Club, and all interested in arranging for the aunual regatta on Good Friday, 'will be held at the Olive Branch Hotel, at eight o'clock . this evening. Tho Sunday School excursion "to Ballarat takes place to-day. Trains will leave Gee long at 7.30 a.m., and return from Ballarat, leaving Wendource at 5 p.m. Tho quarterly meeting of the Town Council takes place to-day, at noon, when objections to the valuations will be heard and deter-' mined on. The other business for transac tion will be that respecting tho-levying of rates. Tenders are invited by the Public Works Department for the extension of the jetty at Portarlington. The Secretary of the Ladies' Benevolent Association desires us to make one or two corrections in our report of the recent meet ing of that body. In the list of names of the Committee we gave Mrs "Reed" in stead of Mrs "Neale." The"Mrs Shaw ap-" pointed on that body is Mrs W. Shaw. Tho Rev Mr. Goodman, and not Mrs" Goodman, as stated, moved the adoption of the report, and the same gentleman moved the ac ceptance of the balance-sheet, which was seconded by Mrs Crook. The Argun states that Mr- Clarke's VoVel, " His Natural Life," lately issued in London by Bentley and Son, has been translated into German, under the title of "Deportirt auf Lebenszeit," and published in Berlin by the well-known house of Otto Jankc. According to the Courier, a resident of Ballarat received by the mail a letter from a member of the Kennedy family, stating that they were at the time of' writing doing a splendid business with their entertainment in Scotland. A fatal accident occurred on Wednesday night on the Creswick road. Mr D. O'Hehir (of O'Hehir and Co., sodawater manufactu rers, Ballarat), and Mr A. L. Harrison, a traveller in the same line, were driving a buggy along the road towards Ballarat, when the 9 p.m. train to, Maryborough tore past and .frightened the horse, which imme diately bolted at a rapid pace.' Mr O'Hehir, who was . driving, was thrown out of the vehicle, and fell on his head on the metal. His companion leaped out after him, aud found him insensible. Assistance was speedily obtained from a neighboring hotel, and a conveyance having been procured, tho sufferer was driven into Ballarat, where life was found to be extinct. In referring to the melancholy occurrence, the Courier says the deceased was unmarried, and was at one time landlord of Mack's Hotel, in Victoria street, Ballarat. A Cowar correspondent writes to the . Gippilaml -Times:—"Bush-fires are very close to us, and for the last few days we have been hemmed in with smoke. The ranges are all on fire as far as wo can see. Many attempts have lately been made to set Tyson's plains on fire. Rain is much re quired. Nearly all the waterholcs are dried up, and cattle can only have drink whon they are brought to the river." The Sydney Herald says " Amongst tho arrivals per City of New York, from San Francisco, are Mr Angus Mackay, Special Commissioner for Queensland to America, and Mr William Fleming, who comes here to superintend the Canadian goods sent over to our exhibition. Mr Mackay left Philadelphia on November 23rd. From California he brings a liorsc-power centrifugal seed-sowing maehine that sows sixty acres per day ; also, specimens of the harness used by Californian farmers, and several other things that he considers may prove useful to Australians. He has also brought a huge hive of Italian bees. They are alive, and look in first-class order. This is the fourth or fifth effort made from Queensland to intro duce these insects-the best of the bee tribe, we believe. The bees will be sent on to Queensland at once." According to the Age, the Government have been somewhat embarrassed in having to deal with the question of filliug up the position rendered vacant by the retirement of Mr Meikle, the locomotive overseer. Very strong claims have been pat in for the post by officers already connected with the Go vernment service, and it has been urged that in the event of the Government send ing home for a gentleman to fill the office, as clamored for in some quarters, the ser vice here will to some extent be dis couraged, if not demoralised, by the evi dent tendency to overlook the claims of colonial officers to promotion. It has also been pointed out that imported engineers have not proved themselves fanltless. It is probable, however, that the post will not be permanently filled for the present. Kb steps, at any rate, will be taken to send home for an engineer to fill the vacancy. Mr Mirls, the chief draughtsman of the locomo tive branch, who has designed and drawn all the rolling-stock for the Deuiliquiu and Moama Railway, will be entrusted with the. discharge of the duties of the office, if he is not ultimately permanently appointed to the office lately held by Mr Meikle. The receipts on the Victorian lines of railway for the week ending 1st February, amounted to £21,102 Gs 4d, as against £19, G19 13s 7d for the corresponding week in 1S7G. Aggregate to this date from 1st July, £652,820 14s 4d, compared with £607,507 Is Id in 1S76. Weekly average (31 weeks), 1S77, £21,05S 14s Sd ; 1S7G, £19,597. Kumbcr of miles open—1S77, 099; IS7G, 599. 