V ITEMSf NEWS. .It, is. understood . that the Hon. N. Fitzgerald wilhiin Bome public manner, -bo welcomed back to' the town ahd district. The precise form will, of course, have to be determined on. The election of a member for tho Walmer Hiding ot the Maldon Shire takes place to-day. The candidates are Mr W. Kilsby and -Mr Jas,. Micthell. The February sittings of the Castlemaino County Court will be hold to-morrow, before his Honour Judge Bindon. Tho list is not a lengthy one. v , ; In compliance with the wishes of the Council aud the residents of Ten-foot Hill, the 'Water works Department are now laying dowrija branch pipe from the main to supply them with water. \- x no ucuu jruovotutkjr wtw voijr'VjjpivDoivU). auu owing to extensive bush- fires- the atniosphere was thoroughly surcharged with smoke. , The barometer shows no indication of any ohsnge in the weather. As the morning mail . train of Saturday from Melbourne was passing between Woodend and Malmsbury, a youth delighting himself as- some colonials do, wilfully threw a stone and smashed the window of the Post-office carriage. Mr Jame3 Farroll, M.L.A., was in Castle maine on Saturday, and did some canvassing for the approaching election. His candidature, therefore, is assured. The only question now is who, will cause a contest, or will thore be a walk ! over! The " singing band" still continue thor Sab- . bath afternoon visits to the various wards in the Hospital, where they .receive a hearty welcome. The barren state to which the open country in! the neighbourhood of the town is reduced by the long drought, induces herds of goats to come, into the latter in search of feed. Those having! gardens will need to keep the gate closed, or the maurauders will, as they have already done in! several instances, strip their cultivated patches.! A cricket matoh is to be played on the Camp, reserve on Wednesday, the 2Iet inBt., (between' Hallas' Band, Sandhurst, and the Oastlemaine Volunteer Band. There will be a considerable; amount of music, during the afternoon, arid 'a promenade concert in the evening ; in fact the' day will be set apart for jollity. I During Saturday night some thief, after Mr! Bithell, of the Mount Alexander Gardens, had retired to reBt, opened the front window of the! hotel, most carefully removing the nower-pots on the sill. The nocturnal visitor contented himself with taking some few shilunge left in the till, and probably was disturbed before getting time to take a refresher. I On the 2nd iust., a man named Geo. Ander-! son, engine-driver and shareholder ihfthe United Kingdom Co.'s mine, Taradale, was brought to the Hospital, suffering from disease of the brain: This resulted in epilepsy and ultimately coma,- in which state tho unfortunate man 'died about 5 o'clock yesterday morning. Fortunately for IliB family his life was heavily insured, and he had just received a dividend from tho mine. On Friday last a party of Chinamen were working some old ground near the Duke and Duchess claim, Golden Gully, Fryers, when one of them, named Wo .Hung, . ventured too far under the overhanging mullock. ..This slipped,' and in its /-fall '.nearly burieu tne untortunate Chinaman:; ' His mates;set to work, soon extri- catodjhim, and then ,f,dpk; him to Iris hut ; Dr Mercer 'was sent for, - arid' on examination found that. the poor fellow's -back is severely injured, so much so that iu all probability he will not re cover.: At' the annual meeting of the' representatives of the various lodge's of the G.U.O.O.F., held last week, Mr Peter Ferrie, of Campbell's Greek; who has for the last fourteen years occupied the position of treasurer, was proposed to be re appointed. That gentleinan, however, declined to be nominated, as he thought the honour might bo conferred on some other brother younger in the Order, and as, moreover, he was about to leave the district. A cordial vote of thanks was accorded to him for his past services, and a sum of money voted to purchase a suitable souvenir, to be presented to him at the next quarterly meeting. Some two years ago a Chinaman was suddenly missed from Barker's Creek, and as he left his tent arid contents behind him, the .circumstance caused surprise to his country then, who made every inquiry for him, but were unable to trace him. When he left his tent to go to work on the morning of the day he waB last seen, he pur- chased some usn tor ms evening meal on nis return, and it was in the tent when search !was first made for him. Information was recently given to the police that a European had, in a quarrel with him, struck him a fatal blow with a pick, and covered him up. The police very properly took the necessary steps to ascertain the truth of the rumour ; but although the spot indicated was opened the body waB not found, neither haB any clue to the !missing man being discovered. x A very destructive fire occurred on Friday afternoon on Macedon house farm, Rochford. Mr Onions had only just commenced threshinjg when a spark from the engine flew on one of the stacks, immediately salting three of them ori: fire, and bumiug them to the ground. It-was with great difficulty that Mr YinnecombeY threshing machine was saved. Mr Onion's loss will be great, although by the very active assistance of the neighbours and their men three other stacks, with outbuildings, were eaved. At the time the fire happened, the wind, which was very strong, was veering round, arid blowing from nearly all "points. ; An accident of a singular nature happened at Hobart Town on the 25th ult., to two men named Terry and Haigh, who were boiling Borne, tar for road-making in a kerosene tin. The tar caught bre, wnen Terry covered tne tin ;up with a board, and the result !was that, it exploded, arid the boiling tar was scattered over both men. Haigh was severely burnt about the. handa arid face, while Terry, whose' clothes caught fire, was burnt about the arms and bead, and both legs- from his thighs downward. .He stated that had it riot been for a lady who was passing, he would have lost his life. This lady, with great pre sence of mind, rolled him on the ground until the flames were extinguished. , i A fatal accident occurred at Geelong ou Fri day to n young man named Henry, son ofja farmer on the Barrabo.ol Hills. He went fishing with his brothor on Friday; aud when crossing Pollock's. ford bridge, a bullock rose up in front of his horse, causing a collision, through whiqh the bullocks, horse, and boy fell. The lad ws underneath, and was terribly crushed. Tfie brother got him home, and started for a doctor. When crossing the Barwon bridge hiB horse feill from exhaustion, severely injuring Itself and iks rider. The young inan managed, however, jo send word to the doctor, who. went out and re- mained with the brother who had been' .first in jured all night. He gradually sank, and died jit 8.30 on Saturday morning, ! never regaining con sciousness. I ' ifc) Cable Conference elosbd iri''Sydney at five o'clock on Friday evening. The ropokt adopted-embraces the following : — " That in any cable, subaidy 'granted all colonies shall pay ac cording in proportion to population ; that any loss iri : competing land -linos connecting wiili cables be borne by all .the .colonies;; that Soujh Australia, 'Queensland,' and Western Australia; open negotiation's for cables between Singapore and Ceylon, arid ' that JTew Zealand open com munication with. America, connecting by tht route, also with the -view to obtaining a aubBidy; that thoro be n reduction in the preaont tariff to a maximum of six shillings a word, and tho em ployment of English operators over .the Java lines to prevent the-mutilationof messages; that' iri view of a reduction in the tarifF to six shil lings, a subsidy of L20,000 be granted, payable' by all the colonies. Subh aRreemept to, be .ter- minabJb'ftt 'one year's notice.'" ' ' J 1 ; . " | The Temporanco News for the ijioht Mas beon received. The journal is an able.advocote'of tpe! cause of total abstinence. !>!; t-''l I vl! Wood and Surenne, bank olerksl ai Rockr hampton, havo been committed for trial'fpr-ein; .bezzlement. It is reported that Mr M'Lonn lias secured an advance for the Government of New Zea land from the Bank of New South. WaleB, Syd ney, of L500,000 for two years at 5 per cent, per annum. - . The blaoks are dangerous and hostile on the road from Cooktown to the goldfields. Two brothers, named Macquarie, are missing, and from indications found, are supposed to have been murdered. No reply has yet been received from Mr Stea- venBon, secretary for railways, to the com munication sent to him from the .Government, calling upon him to answer certain charges mado against liis character. The Lincolnshire, the vessel by which. Mr Steavenson was a passenger, arrived at London on November 25, so that ample time-has elapsed for a reply to bis sent. ; The weekly abstract of births and'.deaths registered in the metropolitan and suburban registration districts during the week' ending 27th January, 1877, shows that there . were 141 births and 80 doaths. Thirty-oiglit, or 47-A per cent., cf the total deaths were of children- not exceeding the ago of three years, 31 being under the age of one year. The Ballarat Star of Friday- makes a most startling statement. It informs its readers that " there is now, in all tho dams, only sufficient water to supply tho town for from fifteen to twenty days at most. Judging by present ap-i pearanee," continues our contemporary, there ; is not the least ohanco: of any - useful' rain for some time, so that it is evident we have reached , a crisis in regard to the water supply." Two packers (brothers) left Cooktown' iri the; end of November. A man named Rogers foundi the remains of several horses cut to pieces and a. quantity of rations and several pocket books,! with the name of Macquarie, about a quarter of! a mile from Byerstown. A man stabbed' to the! heart was found by the escort, and a quantity of' gold was also found. The de'ceased.is supposed; to have committed suicide. ! We learn from the Times of India of the lst| January that " the s.s. Travancore.from China,! reports having spoken the ship G. F. Manson,! Captain Humphrey, off Vingorla Rocks, which! shin had been in collision with the steamer Am-! bassador inlat. 15deg. lSmiri. N., Ion. 73deg. 27min. E. off Goa. The Ambassador sank in 15 minutes, and 23 of her crew went down in her,' including the second and- third officers and! second and third engineers. The captain, chief officer, and chief eDgineer were saved. The; Ambassador was bound from Calcutta to Bom-' bay. The G. F. Mansori has a large hole in; her bow." j A destructive fire broke out on a farm belong ing to Mr Win. Murray, near Mount Hoogkly, on Thursday evening. The whole of the crop, 200 bushels of haud- threshed wheat, the home stead and outhouses, drays,, and.. .implements wero destroyed. Murray, who is a struggling man, and has a large family, has .just returned! from Melbourne, where he was operated 011 for: cancer 011 tho tongue. He became -so excited that he jumped into the firo, and was with diffi- culty rescued. He is now ruined, one small hut only remaining to shelter his' family. The origin of tho fire is inexplicable. Tho meu at'1 the threshing- machine next to this farm ..started' a subscription to relievo tho distressed family,: the neighbours. assisting. Some experiments, states the Age, were made in the Melbourne Gaol on Friday by;Dr M'Crea and Mr Girdlestone, 'in tho "presence of several other gentlemen, with the object of testing the efficacy of anew remedy for poison by snakebite,! introduced to the notice ot the Government by; Mr James, Hurst, who has recently, arrived from Queensland. The specific is a secret, and is stated by its discoverer to liave'be'en successfully employed by him on dogs, rabbits and other animals with, perfect . success in many cases: On Friday six dogs were treated after., having! had half a grain of tiger-snake poison injected intravenously. - The experiment commenced about two o'clock, and at half-past ten, all the dogs having .been treated, three of them were alive, two "doing well, having taken food since: The antidote was applied in a aoraewhat different manner to that in which Mr Hurst has been aci customed to use it, which may account for the death of the first three experimented upon ; but he is sanguine that further exDeriments ' will demoustrate the value of his specific satisfac torily. One of the surviving dogB suffered very greatly from the effects of the poison prior to the antidote being admipistered. A correspondent sent the Argus a small bottlri half -filled with water, and having at the bottom a long, thread-like worm wriggling itself inces santly into innumerable contortions. Our cor respondent explains this curious creature's pre'r sence in the water as follows : — " I.have to en close for your especial gaze a very odd subject:. The ;Worm, or: whatever it is, came through -the. ordinary Yan Yean tap in Collins-street this fore noon. I proceeded at once to experimentalise upon it. I found the worm lively and, quitb frisky, wriggling into coils and out again, its Bmallest coil 'being easily admissible for swallow ing,' say half the size of. a little finger nail. I then placed the worm in whisky, wondering how long it.inight.live. For 23 minutes it wriggled about iri doses of strong whisky, and fin- 25 minutes it ; apparantly, died after uncoiling. Under a powerful microscope -the -worm presents a head- not unlike a snake. For further testjl placeddt, again -in fresh water. The result isrioiv with -you. The wretch has cgme to life 'again, after a drunken sleep of three hours. ' This sample of Yan- Yean purity cannot evidently be killed .with strong whisky,' Arid .'.is an excellent illustration of the dangers of .unfiltered water, as illustrated by Mr Cosmo Nowbery iri your columns two days ago. I Bend you-the worm, or whatever it may .be, as, a yery, (interesting proof of the folly of imagining that taking -whisky or other spirits upori impurewaters' will kill iriseot or worm life at the early development .enclosed,". ! ' ' ' - The trial of reapers and binders took place on Friday; on Mr . Wm. Thompaonfa rfar m, twio miles from" Kyneton. ;There .were 600; specti-. tors present. ! Only threo machines were on the ground; owned respectively by Messrs Ferriers, of Colerairie; Kay, of Melbourne, arid Har vey, of Preston. Tho trial commenced: at one1 o'clock,, in- a. -field of oats. :. 'Mr Ferriens' machine is purely-automatic: driven by a pair of horses,1' the driver -walking ! behind 'the nwchine.- . ;The corn was oarried hy-fojirlondleis bands,, studded with wires, .to the near aide, wjiere a circular , lever with ' looped string rfe- coived it. , . When . sufficient icbrn , was ; cblleotd under the lever it toll, stopping the jendleis" Kftn rnnifl IfJlO aKaal-itn -n' I rrn'iVi ! sheaf was thQri-caught"b'y -h6'6k8 on a tfrble qn whioh it 1 was 'resting," 'dragged to '-the back of the machine, arid delivered on the field. .Mr Ferriers' machine was detootive ' through tile stuff not being carried perfectly horizontal acrofea the' table, and jamming in 'the end of the frame, preventing its perfect tie, and ,also. its' delivery. Mr., Hafvpy's ! .machine! is not autbraatio, but- carrios two men to bincl. It ' is Very oumb'tous' aufi'li'ard'to'work. Mr Kay's machine was not tried aa the ' inventor admitted that, through the apparatus compreasingithe ahoaf <not hold-.' ingituntil'prbperly tied, he-did not Bubmit St for trial. Mr Kay's machine is an ingenious |n vention, capable of fixing to any -reaper. The. stuff is barriod up by ,an elevating endless aprdu to tho'opparatus fbr'tying.-Rrid thonco delivered tied on the field. The judges— Meters Mitchell, of Kyneton, Troup, of Oogliill's' Creek arid' 'Bodirigtorij of 'Melbournodeoidod not to pro-" ceod with the Bungarob trial, but to poatponeSt sine'-dioyas rieithor mabhiuo could be ready to -effectively- Vfork while cotri could b'e kept stann- Two thousand aliBep jverp sold in the Adolaide market'bnj'Vy'eneBdhy at Is pep head. Mr pandlpr;ithe district bbroner, held nn in- iuest on Friday at tlje ibsijdepbe of Mr George ligiubbiham, -Sti'.KUda-stte'et,' Brighton, toucn- hg the death of tho ' late sheriff, \ Mr -W. H. Wright, Mr 0. J. Tovell, stated that he was sent tor on the previous morning to. see, the deceased, Mr W. H. Wright, about 9 0 dock. He, found the deceased then lying on his right side, in tho position of natural sleep. Ho had ovidontly been dead several hours. The post mortem examination disclosed no marks of ex ternal injury.' ' Internally the organs of the chest ond abdomen were all healthy. There was a bony substance growing, and slightly pressing upon thb upper part of the brain, which caused coma iand death.! !The stomach was free from all signs of poison. Mr T. Higin- botliairi. ohiof engineer : of : Victorian Railways, atatedthat dcceaaod had visited Brighton at his invitation," with the intention of dining and stopping the,, riighjt.1 He came down . with Mr Higinbothom in the-, train,, arid was in good spirita .during, the ovoiiiiig. Ho retired , to' his room about a quarter past 11 , o'olock, arid , ap peared then to be in perfect health. ; D.oceaBed did not appear at breakfast .next morning, , and in a short time Mr Higinbotham entered his room and found -taim lying in: bed ; apparently asleep. He was lying on his right side: He then laid .his hand. -upon- the shoulder of de ceased, arid toutid liith cold arid dead.' - Medical aid was at once sent for. The bedclothes were not disturbed in any way. Mr Georgo Higin botham iriformed the jury that he had slept in the apartment adjoining that occupied by the deceased, and shortly after he retired lie heard Mr Wright pull up the window-blind and cough slightly. He heard no other sound during the pight. -The 'jury returned a verdict of death froni natural causes, in accordance with the medi cal evidence. . 