COUNTRY NEWS. NORTHAM. (From a Correspondent). There ia nothing much to write about, beyond a slight allusion to that, which, is, at all times a stock topic for a few remarks, namely, the weather. It has been fright- fully not and relaxing for some days past, and a very extensive bush-fire has very con- siderably added to the tropical heat of the aun. On Tuesday there were very heavy, blacksand threatening clouds surcharged with thunder and electricity, and the peals of the former were, occasionally, exceedingly heavy and startling, while the flashes of the latter were, at times, extremely vivid. Some rain fell, but it was very partial,-scant in some places, and rather copious in others. On account of the excessive and long continued drought, water is, of course, becoming daily more scarce, and, matters, in this respect, present the most alarming and direful an- ticipations. "Your Own," in one of his effusions, remarked that it did a great deal of good to hold the mirror up, now and then, so that we might be able to see ourselves, as others see us. We have therefore been, occasion- ally, treated to a view of the picture of the I.O.G.T., and its progress &c;, &c;, but we have only had, hitherto, ' one' side of the picture, and that the most favourable One ; and, in presenting some slight view of the other side of the picture, there is not the least wish or intention to disparage an Order which has done so much good, and, in many instances, almost incalculable good. There have been,-so it is said at least,-several se- cessions, of late, from the ranks of the Tem- plars here, and various causes are alleged. This cannot but be regarded as a very serious matter, and one for sincere regret, in con- sequence of the real substantial good which the principles and the inherent moral good- ness of the society has accomplished in the district. One of the most prominent mem- bers of the I.O.G.T. here has, by his zea- lous and unflinching advocacy, done (by far) the greatest part in establishing a reforma- tion that was so very much needed. In his advocacy of the cause and Order, he does not hesitate "to hold the mirror up," so that people may " plainly" see t'.emselves, nor does he fail to express himself in the plainest English ; but, in his over-zealousness, he has, and not unfrequently I think been induced to " overdraw" the picture This, of course, is an injury, rather than otherwise, to any cause. One family has taken umbrage through being disappointed in not having been selected as caretakers and managers of the " Hall and Home," and have consequent- ly seceded, and taken some few of their con- nexions with them. Another thing which is beginning to be felt, and also to militate against the steady progress of the Order, is that it is not a " Benefit" Society, and mem- bers begin to complain and to tire of putting their hands into their pockets, whether weekly, monthly, or quarterly, and yet derive no benefit, and not a few have seceded on this account, and they find that fchey can as easily and as readily keep the principles, as if fchey were members, but with this ad- vantage, that there is no " shelling ont." On Saturday the 13th ult., the meeting of the Northam Turf Club was held at Leeder's Avon Bridge Hotel, pursuant to the notice convening it. Nine members of the club were piesent, and Mr. C. E. Dempster, by virtiie of his position in the club, was in the c'iair. From what can be gleaned of the j. iceedmgs, Mr. H. Leeder waa elected un inimously lion. sec., of the club, and the raoe3 were appointed to take place some tune in the middle of March, about a fortnight I cfore the metropolitan îeuvion comes off. This arrangement may possibly have been lu.ide in order to give any hor&es; that may bo m training m the district an opportunity of doing a " little airing," as well as of try- ing their merits and capabilities before they go westward, ho ' for, on dit, that b< rses are in training here and at York, and there's no doubt but that Slater has one or two in hand, and perhaps Joe Lockyer also. Ever since the meetiug was held, the papers have been scanned for a programme of the races, and it appears in Friday's Ttmes, but what delayed its publication for a fortnight cannot be nnderstood. The lion. sec. in drawing or framing the programme, commences by stat- ing : "At a meeting held, &c;," thereby leaving their inference open that it was a public meetiug. But such was tot the case, as the notice convening it, issued by Mr. C. E. Dempster, expressly confined it to the Northam Turf Club and a full attendance of " members" was requested. Had it been an open meeting, a full report of the proceed- ings would have been forwarded to the times. Then again all entries are to be made on or before 13th March, and not later than 9 o'clock, (a.m. or p.m., which ?) for it is not stated. The forthcoming race between Mr. Lukin's and Mr. Everett's horses is occasionally the subject of opinion as to their respective merits and prestige. Speculation vanes and seems all abroad as to the probability of the result, and a modicum of the circulating medium is, now and then, indulged in and invested on the issue. Each horse has its partisans, but they are perhaps after all like Csesar and Pompey, " much of a muchness," especially Chorister. As far as " witching the world with noble horsemanship" goes, there will be nothing to be desired, for it is said that Brennan is to have the mount on Vandieman and that Slater will handle ' Chorister. J The allusion, in a former communication, I to a leading member of the W. A. Turf Club and a prominent racing man, having made I overtures either for the purchase or lease of ¡ Deerfoot, winner of the last York " Maiden" amounts simply to this, that a proposition j was made, and the question mooted ; and the owner's exceedingly hbeial reply, which clearly showed his unlimited confidence as to the capabilities of the horse, was this, that lie would not put any fixed price on the horse, but that the per jon who had made overtures for him with a keen and business eye to some of the " plums" at the metro- politan meeting, should haye the horse on . the simple condition, that whatever ho won ¿it the meeting should be his price, so that if he should win only the least valuable race on the programme, he would go for that. The time for the nominations for the handicap appears to be extended, at the eleventh hour, for another month, and any remarks upon it may also therefore be deferred for the present. . As there is so very little news stirring, \- and as there are so very few subjects offer .ing themselves just now for remarks, some observations upon Northam and its present !^h^te and condition and its future prospects, \- iSfy perhaps prove of some interest to the subscribers and readers of the Times here, but they must be deferred for a few weeks. . On Sunday, the 21st ult., a rather serious accident happened to a well known, and very much respected', settler here, Mr. " George . Christmass. He had been dining, as he . usually does .on a Sunday, at the Parsonage, and, having mounted his mue to return home in the evening, he was no sooner in the ' saddle, than she shied, and, the girth giving way, Mr. Christina« came down on his back with a heavy thud. He is gradually, bu* very slowly recovering, and sufferB, occasion- ally, severe spasms in the head. He is able to walk out a little. Jan. 31st. 