OUR LETTER HOME. Judging by the rash , of candidates who intimate their intention ot going to the poll at the forthcoming general election, either Belf-Bacrificmg patriotism is a drag in the market, or the number of men to whom £300 a jear forma a very strong attraction is a large and increasing one. There are yet no symptoms to guide anticipations as to the issue of the contest, save that it will be a most energetically fought one, and one that will excite a great deal of public interest The Government has not yet made any state* ment of its policy, and probably will not till the dissolution is announced. Mr. Berry, who was in the last Parliament leader of the Opposition, delivered a speech at Geelong on Monday, 12th inst; but as endeavours are boing made by a section of his party to shelve Mr. Berry from the leadership, so as to make room for a more prndent general, we cannot tell how far Mr. Berry's utterance is to be looked upon as anything more than his own individual opinion. The speech con tained nothing new. Mr. Berry had no modification to announce upon the policy he declared 18 months ago, and the abusive violence of his language shows that his sentiments have undergone no greater change than his policy. The conference of representatives of the various oolonies which assembled at Sydney to discuss the beet mode of securing duplicate cable communication with Europe met on January 25. All of the colonies were repre sented. It was soon found that among all the diversity of views and interests there was no chanoe ot orating to any general under* standing, and after sitting for several days, the Qoufw&Qo; at liwt vfthwt having settled anything in reference to the principal subject it had met to consider. Subsequently to the termination of the conference an extra conference was held between the delegates 9t New South Wales, Victoria, and South Aus tralia, when it was agreed-of coarse, sub ject to the approval of the Governments interested-that the arrangements shoald be entered into for duplicating the cable on the length from Singapore to Port Darwin. It was understood that the Eastern Extension Company should be entrusted with carrying oat the work. A message has been received from the Colonial Office, intimating that Colonel R. M. Laffan, commanding Royal Engineers at Gibraltar, and Colonel Scratchley, director of works at Woolwich Arsenal, had been selected, in compliance with the wish of these colonies, to report on the defences. Colonel Scratchley, it is understood, will be stationed here for some years to superintend the carrying oat of any scheme of defence agreed on. In accordance with the request of the Victorian Government, Commodore Hoskins lately sent Lieutenant Dagdale, of H.H.S. Wolverine, to inspect the float ing defences of Melbourne. A Royal commission has been appointed to inquire into the condition of the aborigines of Victoria, and to adviBe as to the best means of dealing with them in future. Sir W. F. Stawell, the Chief Justice, is chairtnan of the commission. The Melbourne and Hob son's Bay Railway Company, at its half- yearly meeting the other day, was enabled to pre sent a very favourable report, and to increase the rate of dividend from 9 to 10 per cent, besides making ample additions to the re serve fund. This goes to prove the wisdom of the arrangement which the Government tried .to carry in the last session of Parlia* mentfor the purchase of the company's rail way. Sir W. Gregory, the Governor of Ceylon, who is spending a holiday in the Australian colonies, has been the guest of His Excel lency Sir George Bowen during his stay in Victoria, and has, in company with Sir George Bowen, paid a visit to Mr. Weld, the Governor of Tasmania. Arrangement has been made for holding a volunteer encamp ment at EaBter. Messrs. L. Stevenson and Sons, who had commenced several actions against the Government for matters arising out of the forcible breaking into their ware, house some months ago by the Customs officials, have notified their abandonment of further proceedings. In church matters we have to note the transfer of the Rev. Canon Chase from the incumbency of St. Paul's to that of St John's, recently left vacant by the death of the Rev. Mr. Barlow, the former incumbent The Rev. G. W. Torrance, who acted at St John's during the illness of Mr. Barlow, has been appointed to All Saints', Geelong, A committee has been appointed to see what steps can be taken towards erecting a cathe dral for the Church of England in Victoria. Application is to be made to one of the best architects in England for plans of a cathedral on a given site. The estimated cost of the building is £100,000. Of miscellaneous matters we may mention that the mining case of Learmonth v. Bailey, which was so long before our law courts, and was to have been taken home on appeal, has been settled by an agreement between the parties, on the basis of each side bearing its own costs. Mr. G. W. Petty lately bought a block of land in Bourke-street, immediately above the Opera-house, for the sum of £36,500. It is stated that a large theatre on the American plan is to be built on the site. Another important sale of city property took place more recently, when the Criterion Hotel, and the land at the back, through to Flinders-lane, was bought by the Union Bank for £33,000. A man was lately dragged down and killed by a shark while swimming near the beach between Sandridge and St Kilda. John Lord, secretary of the Second Emerald hill, Sandridge, and St Kilda Building Society, is alleged to have committed em bezzlements amounting to £3,000. He has surrendered himself into custody to answer the charges to be brought agairwt him. The man Windrum, who was charged with mur dering a woman named Louisa Critchley at Sandhurst, was found guilty of manslaughter, and sentenced to seven years' hard labour. The country still suffers from the exces sively dry weather by which we have been visited. The wind during weeks together blew steadily from the south, keeping the atmosphere pleasantly cool, but rendering all hopes of rain utterly vain. In many parts of the country great suffering and loss have been caused by scarcity of water, and a large part of the colony has been overrun with bush-fires. One effect of this has been that Melbourne waB for days enveloped in a thick veil of smoke, which obscured the sky, and either concealed the sun or caused it to shine with a deep crimson red. The smoke was at timeB sufficiently thick to make itself felt very pungently by the eyes and nostrils, and at night it produced the appearance of a very dense fog. During the last few days some thunder showers have fallen, but the supply iB still very inadequate to the wants of the country. During these thunderstorms several caseB of death by lightning have occurred. The sudden death of the Rev. J. Martin, pastor of the Baptist Church, Collins- street, on the 3rd inst, has been one of the most prominent events of the month's obituary. The rev. gentleman was spending a holiday in Tasmania at the time of his death, which appears to have been caused by over-exertion in a walking and climbing excursion he was taking. Mr. W. H. Wright, the sheriff, and one of the oldest colonists of Victoria, died very suddenly on the 1st inst, while staying at the house of Mr. Geo. Higinbotham, at Brighton. Mr. T. Lambert, tanner, and at one time ft member of the Legislative Assembly, and Mr. Edward Jenkins, par liamentary agent, also died daring the month, the latter gentleman very suddenly. ThoTifMurwotJNew South Wfttai ua4o < his budget speech on January 24. Referring to the very large share of the revenue Hut had been derived from land sales, he showed that of the proceeds of land sales, over £1,250,000 had, daring the last three jetMS, been paid for the extinction of public debt; and that in the same time other £1,300,009 from the same source had been expended in public works, education, and immigration, which otherwise mast have come oat of loans. The budget comprised proposals foe the remission of sundry small duties and for the increase of the imposts on tobacco, and hinted that the time wonld soon come foe placing excise duties on sugar, beer, and wine, the import duties on which showed a decline. Mr. Parkes has taken the step of resigning the leadership of the Opposition, and Mr. Piddington was chosen to succeed him in that post Some strong charges of bribery and corruption and drunkenness were made against the Minister of Lands, Mr. Garrett, who was at the time absent f^om illness. Afterwards Mr. Garrett re* signed his position, and defended himself in the Bouse from the charges made against him, so far as the bribery was concerned, bat admitted that during his recent visit to Mel bourne his conduct had not been what it should have been. A motion of censure on the Government was proposed by Mr. Pid dington, and gave rise to a debate containing much personal rancorous abuse. Hie Go vernment, by giving a distinct and repeated pledge that Mr. Garrett's resignation been accepted and was final, succeeded in obtaining the Bmall majority of 29 votes against 26. Since then, Mr, Baker, member for the Southern gold-fields, has been appointed Minister of Lands. A testimonial was pre sented to Trickett, the champion sculler, by the Premier on January 26. H.M.S. Nymphs sailed for Western Australia on January 25, to visit the pearl fisheries. The Torres Straits Mail service of the Queensland Government will, it is feared, be abandoned by the E. and A. Company nnlnwi an annual addition of £20,000 is made to the subsidy. Count Francesco has arrived at Maryborough in charge of 40 Italian immj. grants skilled in agricultural industry. He is commissioned to purchase a large area of land, with the object of acclimatising the products of Southern Europe, The Chinese immigration to the north of the colony is in. creasing, and it is expected that 10,000 Chinese will come to Cooktown this nrnimi. The steamship Singapore, of the E. and A. Company's fleet, while running from Cook town to Brisbane, was stranded on LI Island, near Mackay, and soon became a total wreck. No lives were lost A whale boat was lately found broken up on the beach near Cairns, and it is believed that the crew were murdered by the blacks. Nothing was left to aid in identifying the vessel to which they belonged. The South Australian Parliament has been further prorogued to March 23. His Excel lency Sir Anthony Mnsgrave left by the last mail, and Chief Justice Way has been sworn in as Acting-Governor until the arrival of Mr. Cairns from Queensland. The Govern ment Bteam dredge Willunga, which was lately brought out, and cost £30,000, has been ran down by the steamer Australian in the channel. The Government i"h>"ds to raise the submerged vessel. The Tasmanian Parliament has held a special session, convened for the purpose of correcting a most awkward blunder made by the Government in a measure passed the previous session consolidating the laws re* lative to juries. The Government followed its original blunder by some strange mis takes in reference to convening Parlia ment, and a question raised as to the legality of the session was not seeded, tot left over for future chances and opportu nities. The blander in the Juries Act was corrected, and a resolution was passed in both Houses condemning the Government for giving advice to the Governor regarding the release of a prisoner which advice "tended to subvert the administration of justice." The Government received **»?? ex pression of the opinion of the Legislature with the utmost indifference, and calmly prorogued Parliament. From New Zealand we learn that the death of Sir Donald M'Lean has evoked an expression of regret throughout the colony, in which both races had shared. His funeral was followed by the whole popula tion of Napier. Some difficulties have arisen regarding the sale of a block of land in Auckland to Mr. Broomhall, representa tive of an English company. The Te Aroha natives had refased to sign the deed unless 10,000 acres were reserved for native purposes. The block to be sold to M& Broomhall is fixed at 30,000 acres. At the Kumara gold-field between 3,000 and 4,000 persons are at work, and the place bids fair to be permanent. Woodgate, the Blenheim murderer, was executed on January 25. His would have been executed earlier, bat the people of Picton frightened the exeoationer ont of the town, and as the sheriff and gaoler refused to perform the fa"*, some occurred before an executioner could be found. The health of Lady Normanby has steadily improved. Fiji news reports that the Kai - colo prisoners detained in Suva, 70 in number, had escaped. They were engaged on public works, under the charge of the Royal Engineers, when they suddenly threw down their tools and ran. Four were shot by the sentries, and some were recaptured, but the others made good their escape to the moan tains. Than has been plenty of racing daring the past month. The Geelong Turf Clab held their annual meeting on the 26th and 27th January, and ft very uucoessful one it was, under the patronage of His EroeUenof SirG. Bo wen, who both ?&.< The Gold Cup was-wo^by "the Champion Stakes winner Pride Hills, 3 yn^7st. Mb., with the greatest eMe; Mr. Chlrnside running seoond with Saltan, 6 yn, 8sb ; Spfttk, 4 yrs, 7st lib., being UairiL Smith won th© Geelong Handicap on the second day with the outsider Glengarry, by Ciencoe, 3 yrs, 5st 121b. ; Mr. F. a Goyder's Dalesman, 4 yrs, 6st 71b., being second, and Barmaid, 5 yrs, 7st. 41b., third. Eleven hones ran. The Steeplechase wag won by JWar. Seven others ran; but all fell, Friar coming in alone. Altogether, the meet* ing was the heat yet held on the banks of the Barwon. The Glen Innes meeting, in New South Wales, was held on the 24tb, 25th, and 26th January, the Gold Cup, with its 1,000 guineas added money, being ran for on the second day. Fourteen horses ran, the winner being Mr. Morgan's Thyra, by Kelpie, 5 yrs, 6st. 91b.; Maude, 4 yrs, fist, second, and Wrangler, aged, 7st. 71b., third. The two first were quite outsiders in the bet ting. The ground was very heavy, and in favour of the light weights. After the Geelong Meeting there was a great exodus of racing sen to Tasmania, to be present at the Laun ceston and Hobart Town meetings. The Launceston meeting was held on the 7 th, Stb, and 9th insta, and was in every way a great success. Many improvements have lately been effected on the coarse. The launcMton Cap was won by a Victorian horse, Spark, 4 yrs, 7st Sib., after a good sace with Mr. Field's Bella, 4 yrs, 6st 101b., Adelaide, 3 yrs, 6st 71b., being third. Eight others ran. Rapidity, by Tim Whiffler lisp.), won the Two- year-old Stakes. Mr. Duffett's Jupiter, by Panic, 4 yrs, 6st. 121b., won the Tasmanian Turf Club TT«.ni^p; Painter, 4 yrs, 7st 121b., second, and Ade* laid* 3 yre, 6st 81b,, third. Mr. Field's Bella won the Tamar Handicap, and Mr. Gojder won the Steeplechase with Quick silver, and the Hurdle Race with the same horse. The chief meeting near Sydney has been that of Newcastle, and the M.J.C. Handicap, with ita 200 so vs. added, was won by West Australian, by Yattendon. The autumn meeting of the V.R.C. com mences on the 6th of March, and is continued on the 8th and 10th, and promises to be a very interesting one. Since the departure of the A.E.E. to New Zealand cricket has been quiet. Oae Challenge Cup match b&s; been played be. tween the M.C.C. and Richmond, and after » capital contest was won by the M.C.C. by one run, owing to the stupid bungling of the two last Richmond batsmen, who literally threw the game away. The M.C.C. and Sonth Melbourne club are now playing for the trophy, and so far the S.M. have the heat of it, although the M.C.C. are playing their three professionals. Japp, who has been hitherto enable to play in any of the England matches owing to illness, has left for New Zealand, and will probably be able to play there. His loss has been much felt by the eleven, who are rather weak in batting. The pantomimes have all come to as end. At the Theatre Royal the Italian opera company, from Sydney, are about following upon the Iliuaioniete, who have left St. George's HalL At tbe Opera-house "Les Danicbeff" was given for the first time on Monday night, and at the Academy " The TwoRoBes," introducing Mr. H. Walton, was played for tbe first time on Saturday night. Among musical items a concert by the Me tropolitan Liedertafel, on the 5th, at which Miss Christian appeared, after a very suc cessful professional visit to Sydney, is the principal. Mr. Lyster's opera-bouffe com pany left for Adelaide on Tuesday. The fakir of Oolu, who has been, daring the last two months, in Adelaide, returned thence a few days ago en route to Sydney. Mr. Wil. bob'S Circus is at present in Adelaide, and Messrs. Burton and Taylor's Circus is on its way thither. Messrs. Cooper and Bailey's Circus is still in Melbourne, where it is ex pected to remain aboat a week longer. In Sydney Mr. Dampier, who has just come from New Zealand, has commenced a starring engagement at the Victoria, in com. Wnation with Mrs. Steele. Mr. Levy, the celebrated comet player, has arrived in Sydney, and is about to commence a series of concerts, assisted by a musical company* Including Mrs. Cutter, from Melbourne. In Tasmania Mr. Martin Forde is exhibiting a panorama of Australia and New Zealand painted by Mr. Fry. In New Zealand Mrs. Scott-8iddon8 is fulfilling an engagement at the Princess's Theatre, Dunedin; and throughout that colony, generally, thi) various companies and exhibitions are con sidered to be much overdone, the supply being greatly in excess of the demand. 