The Rev. J. Graham Love.-The follow- ing remarkable petition has been presented to tihe Legislative Assembly fromn the in habitants of Braidwood :-" May it please your honorable house,-The humble petition of tihe undersigned respectfully showeth That the 1ev. J. Graham Love, minister of the Church of England at Moruya, diocese of Goulburn, in this colony, and now r a prisoner in 1 [1M . gaol, Darlinghurst, did make certain representations in writing to Captaiin Zouch, inspector of police, Goul burn, respecting tihe conduct of W. S. Caswell, police-magistrate, Mloruya, towards certain members of the police force stationed there. 'That the said WA. S. Caswell, P. M., did sue tihe Rev. J. G.C. Love in the supreme court of New South Wales on .Monday, 30th day of April, 1877, for libel contained in the said letter to Captain Zouch. That tihe liev. J. G. Love pleaded 'not guilty' to the charge, being persuaded tihat he was fully prepared to substantiate every statement which ihe had made respecting the aforesaid WV. S. Caswell, P.M. That at tie last moment, and immediately before tihe jury was empanelled, tihe 11ev. J. G. Love's counsel suddenuly advised the settlement of the case by agreeing to a verdict for tihe plaintiff of .10/- damages and costs, and also to retract thoe allegation complained of. That having no time for consideration, and dreading lest he should be left to conduct his own case and forced to defend himself against the practised keenness of very able lawyers, he did accept such verdict, and by his counsel wrote a paper retracting tihe language complained of, and expressing regret for the representation mnadei. That upon more mature deliberation, and still knrowing that the statements contained in the letter were true, though perhaps legally unjustifiable, the said J. G. Love felt tihat Ihe had done wrong in sbmitting without is a trial to such verdict, and with the tirmnusess and courage imparted by the consciousness of truth lie has resolved to accept the weari ness and discomfort of imprisonmensst rather than fulfil the conditions of a verdict inn which he never really concurred. This being the view of the matter taken iy your petitioners they therefore pray that your honorable house will take the case into your ftvorable consideration, and bestow upon it the benefit of as complete and thorough an investigation as your honorable house in its collective wisdom may deem necessary. And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray." [Here follow 200 signatures.] A similar pietition was presented from resi dents of Moruya. IlvneommoluA.-This malady has been so terrible and so frequent in England lately that one of our contemporaries advocates the advisability of carrying caustic in waist coat pockets at all times, to be ready in case of emergencies, timhe free application of this agent after tihe bite of a rabid dog being deemed an antidote. In a case of hydro phobia which recently occurred, although these precautions were observed, bad symp toms prevailed, and death was anticipated. Recourse however was had to the inhalation of oxygen, and success attended the efforts; for gradulally, but surely, the patient re assumed his normal condition, all fever, &c.;, subsided, and recovery ensued. The Ararat Advertiser states that a calamitous bush-fire, which is said to have burnt out the best part of Glenlogic, took place on Wednesday, the 13th inst. From 3000 to .1000 acres of good grazing country, together with nearly all the substantial post-and-rail fences, have been haid wu-to. 