-'Ai'quantity of salmon fry have been'i pladed in the Corronwarable Creek, Dan-; ielonog.... . ... . ;. .he, statement. that a butcher named, Kearne~, was drowned in the sea at Queens.. cliff is now contradicted. His clothes, :wer' certhinly' found on .the beach, but his?body 'was in Melbourne on the "spree." In reply to an'application by the Clunes' Consols. Company -forrailoan 'of' £3000 fromlthe prospecting, vote,:the'Minister ofi Mines replied; that the grant. was wholly; iniadequate, and.liefelt helpless in having. so nisicrableb sl'itito deal with. Portion Iad been absorbhed in the purchase of dial 'moiid!drills. 'A' quarter of a million at' least:was needed for 'prospecting. He in-' tended, when nnatters were settled, to: appoint a; board selected from the chief. mioning districts D a board of practical men, on whom he could rely-to deal with this andl.kindred applications. "Portlsid. has guaranteed £50 'to the, Melbourne Deep Sea Fishing Company' towards the expense of testing Portland' and Bridgewater Bays. Mr David Syme, of the Age, is reported as likely to oppose Mr Francis at West; 'Melbourne. 'The Lusitnnia, which arrived at Glenelg on Saturday, accomplished 'the passage from London in 40days and 6 hours. A A:. thief named Stott has been committed foartrial: in Melbouine for stealing, £50' 'worth,of jewellery from tile house of;A.' J. Evans, of Footscray,;during the absence of the family." A l~lawnbrhker at Williamstwn 'named Ri?sisardon hin's' bedn' arrested on. the charge of feloniously receiving, he havino purchased a. watch and chaino?"knoivn to have' been stolen, for 5s from a midship-' man named Watson. Both parties will be, tried at Williamstown on Friday. * The ship HIenrietta, which arrived from' London on Saturday, brought 200 tons of gunpowder, 'the largest quantity ever brought to Melbourne in one vessel. Recent bushfires destroyed the engine and plr.nt of the Tubal Cain reef mine at' the Orens belonging to the lion. J. A. Wallace, causing a loss of £1000, and the racecourse grand stand at HIorsham, which had cost £600. VWhile the heat has been so intense in Australia this month, our neighbours of '['Tasmania have had considerable damage done to their crops, especially near Oat lands, by severe frosts. The Melbourne banks have raised the' rate of interest on moneys placed at de-, posit to 4, 5, and 6 per cent. for 3, 6, and 12 months respectively. It is stated by tile Geelong Advertiser' that the Land ''ax Act will have the effect of bringiug about the subdivision of some of our large estates, and the property' of Messrs Rtobertson Brothers, of Colac, 3s mentioned as one which will be split into sections. A cyclone at Port Darwsin prevailed. over 350 miles inland, and dounbtless caused the recent interruptions in the telegraph line. The Wattle-bark commission has com- menced taking evidence, which, so far, goes to show that the supplies must fail entirely unless some restrictions are placed on the industry. About 15,000 tons are said to be required yearly for this colony alone. Two ex-police rinagistrates,-- Meserq Ganu?pt and Orme, have. commenced prac. tice as barristers. 