*""*' ARRIVAL 01? THE EN6KLISH MAIL, VIA SUEZ, AT ADELAIDE. [By TELEGRAPH.] \ [TBOM ODB OAVN COHUESFOXDENR.J ADELAIDE, THURSDAY. OWING to the weather being hazy, in conse- quence of bush-fires, the P. and Ô. Company's steamship Tanjore passed Cape Borda -without being sighted. After leaving Galle, she had head -winds and squally -weather to the Line and moderate trade "winds to 23 degrees south ; thence strong S.S.E. -winds, increasing to a gale. GENERAL SUMMARY. LONDON, DECEMBER 21. Her Majesty the Queen left Balmoral for vVindsor on the <5th instant, after paying a visit to'Lord Beaconsfield at Hughenden, On the 15th the Queen resolved to remain at Windsor during Christmas, instead of proceed- ing, as previously arranged, to Osborne. Her Majesty lunched with the Premier, and planted a tree in the grounds to commemorate her visit. On the 12th the Queen knighted Mr. Bryan Robinson, late Supremo Couit Judge of Newfoundland, and Mr. Gain, late Lord-Provost of Glasgow, and Mr. Walker, late mayor of Liverpool. The Chinese Ambassador was jiresented to her Majesty on the same occasion. The anniversary of the Prince Consort's üeath; the 14th December, was commemorated by a visit of the members of the Ro3ral Family to the mausoleum at Frogmore. The Prince of Wales will unveil a statue of the Prince Consort at Cambridge on the 22nd January. The Duke of Connaught, accompanied by ¡Lord Henry Gordon. Lennox, has been travel- ling in Hungary incoy. He arrived at ¡"Vienna on the 18th. The Venerable Edward Trollope, Archdeacon of Stowe, has peon appointed Bishop suffragan of Nottingham. Surgeon-General William Munro, C.B., will Bucceed Sir William Muir as Director-General of the army. Medical Deputy Assistant Commissary General John Sponcely has been dismissed the service for accepting a bribe of £140 from a Government milk contractor at Aldershot. The Northampton, one of the most power- ful war ships afloat had a most successful trial at Plymouth on the 18th. The report of the committee appointed to inquiie into the «tability of the Inflexible considers that she is a saf e seagoing vessel, but it is questioned hy the committee whether tho safety of such vessels might not bo greatly incrcasod by adding to their beam, without impairing their ef.iciency. Since the commenoement oi the week great activity has prevailed in tho dock- yards, and orders'were received on Wednesday to forward B3 rapidly as possiblo the refitting and repair of vessels in hand, ' and several undor construction were directed to be completed forthwith. Instructions have been given that the four 40 ton guns for the Inflexible' should ho at once chambered without waiting for further rifling experiments. The manufacture of 10-pounder fluid .guns, sbippetd lately, is resurfted. The Himalaya sailed for the Mediterranean on | Tuesday with new crews for the Raleigh and Devastation, and supernumeraries for other , vessels of the fleet. At the distribution of prices to several Volunteer corps at üt. James's Hall, on Wednes-1 day, it was stated that there wero now en- rolled in, the fonce 241,712 men, of whom i 42,105 are artilletry, and that at least half-a million in oie man in England had passed through the ranlqs. Speaking at Edinburgh, on the 20th, the Secretary for War thought that great danger D£ the peace of Europe arose from the largo reserve, numbering many millions *o£ meu, collected on the Continent. Ho hoped a time bad come, through the fall of Plevna, when a peace might bo made t and a satisfactory arrangement effected ; "bait no such arrange- ment could be effected without England beiug a party to it. At Oldham, on the '12th, the Solicitor-, General said : "We aie in the midst of a momentous criais, and in discussing who was responsible for the war it must he remem- bered what advice had been given to the combatants by irresponsible persons. Those who said English influence had failed to prevent the quarrel should recollect what action had been taken hy one who took a leading part in politics, and was much looked up to abroad." Mr. Bright, at Manchester on tine 11th, j strongly advocated the formation ol? canals i in India ' as a preventive of future Jianiines. £25,000,000 or £30,000,000 laid out in that way would be well spent. . Mr. Stansfeld, in 'addressing his consti- tuents at Halifax, on' the lath, said the Established Church was an anachronitsm, and the severance of Chuiph and State inevitable. He condemned the action of Lord Beacons- field on the war question and the writings of his supporters in the Press. The Queen lias conferred a Civil List pen- sion of £150 per annum on Mrs. SbiHols, widow of the Rev. Richard Shilleta, the eminent Greek scholar. In îeply to the Manchester Orangpmen, Earl Beaconsfield has 'contradicted the .report that the Pope had wiittcn an autograph letter to the Queen thanking her for the freedom of action granted in connection with tine re establishmeuft of the Catholic hierarchy in Scotland. Mr. Laynrd. has received a ûrman from the Sultan, authorising fuither excavation^ at Nineveh. Temple Bar is being taken down and the external si ones numbered with a view to its re-erection on some site to be determfined upon hereafter. The cattle shoyv last week at the Agricul- tural Hall, Islington, was very succestsful. 121,067 persons visited it. The residence of Mr. Johnston, British Vice consul oi Irqucto, has been attacked bry a band of fifty Hierolistas, headed by the Mayor. Mr. Johnston was absent at the Sime, but Mrs. Johnston was fired at several tones. She ¡fortunately escaped out of the house and took refuge in an adjoining forest. The English legation at Leioa' has dematnded satisfaction. A monument to King Robert Bruce has'"been inaugurated at Stilling. Mr. John Welsh, the new American Minis- ter, landed at Liverpool on the 11th. He re- ceived Beveral addresses, and lunched wit!* the Mayor at rho Town Hall. In renly to aorne remarlcB from the President of the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce, he said that xvhile England had adhered to free trade from the belief that it was best for the interests of her people, America had adopted a protective policy from the belief that it xvas best for her interests. In the course of time both might meet on common ground. A proposal has been ruado for enlarging the canal between Sheffield and Hull, so as to render it available for sea-going xTessels. In consequence of a sudden raising of the water rates by some of the metropolitan com- panies, a considerable impetus is beiug given to the proposals for the Metropolitan Board of Works to acquiro the various undertakings by xvhich. London is supplied. The registration foe ou letters will be re- duced from the 1st January to 2d., and strongly made lined envelopes will bo sold by the department. The Grand Lodge of English Freemasons, at.a meeting presided over by Lord Carnarvon, rosolved to appoint a committee to consider what course should be adopted in consequenco of the changes in the fundamental rules and principles lately made by the Grand Orient of Prance, xvhich had laid down the assertion that French Masonry liad for its principles, not a belief in tlie existenco of God and the immortality of the soul, but freedom of conscience and tho oneness of the human race. Seventy-six French lodges have protested against the con- duct of tho Grand Orient. An action against Mr. Childer's by Mr. Hen .wood, nax'ol architect, for a minuto in connec- tion with the loss of tho Captain, resulted in a nonsuit, the minute being priviloged. The result of the Mitchellstown trial pro- duced great reflection in the south of Ireland. The Law Amendment Society are in favour of establishing à court of review in such cases as the Pengo trial. The Austrian Piince Imperial will arrive in England in January, and will remain several months, in order to study British institutions, &c.; The son of M. Prévost Paradol, who com- mitted suicide a few yeais back, shot himself yesterday in Paris. IIo xvas 17. A butcher, at Rheims, suffering from monomania, made a muidorous assault yester- day upon the Archbishop. Tho Rev. Dr. Moffatt xvas yesterday pre- sented with the freedom of the Farriers' Company. Dr. Schliemann's collection from Troy is being exhibited at South Kensington. Mr. M'Alister, tho Queensland Agent Goneral, lend a paper at the Colonial Institute on the 11th instant, the subject being " Queensland Chinese Immigration." Mr. Childers, Sir Francis Murphy, Mr. J. D. Wood, and several others tooicpa.it in tho discussion, which xvas generally favourable to tho Chinese. The.question of protection or 'free trade is being very genoiaUy discussed. Sir Louis Mallet has been íequested by tho Cobden Club to write an essay on tho subject according to tho latest development. Five vessels are stated to have sailed' for Australian and New Zealand ports during the last two months xvith quantities of gunpow- der varying from 10 to 100 tons on board. The importation of American food continues. Ono vessel from San Francisco lauded 1350 tons of salmon at Lix'erpool. The City of Berlin, xvhich. brought the Aus- tralian outer mails xTia San Francisco, was twenty-three days crossing the Atlantic, having broken her propeller. She xvas met and taken in tow by the City of Now York. 20 guineas premium xvas paid on her. The Hibernia (s.) xvith a cable on board for the Pernambuco section of the Western and Brazilian Telegraph Company, was totally xvrecked in Maranbaa Bay, on tho 22nd November, a few hours after coming to anchor., A portion of the cable has been recovered. The masons' striko continues, both masters and men declining to give way. Foreign masons still airixro and several fights have occurred between the English and foieign xvorkinen. The latter aie repre- sented to be 'fully equal in ability to the" English masons, and they work much longer hours. Foieigners are employed upon many other buildings than the Law Courts. 8000 Northumberland miners were locked out on the 18th instant, refusing to accept 12J- per cent, reduolion. The iron trade at Sheffield is in a very depressed state. The whole of the men in^several depart- ments at the Atlas and Cyclops xvorlcs, the largest establishment, in the town, received a fortnight's notice, on the 14th instant. Similar proceedings are looked for in other works. Mr. Macdonad, M.P., has made a speech to the minors, in xvhich ho exhorts them, now they have obtained a victory ovor their employ- ers, to gird themselves" for a light against a still greater tyrant-the law of supply and demand. The Cardiff Theatre was burnt on the 11th instant, and nothing xvas saved. Tho origin of the live is unknoxvn. A great fire broke out at Santander on the 11th. The damage is estimated at 5,000,000 reals. The jury in the Pemberton collieiy explo- sion case found that a blown out shot was the cause of the catastrophe, and that the Messrs, Blundell," propiietors of the mine, had done ex'erything, legardless of expenso, for its proper working. A fire at the warehouse of Messrs. Bodding-' ton and Leigh, corn merchants, Manchester, on the 9th, did damage to the amount of £50,000. The Sunday, cotton-laden ship, from Nor- folk to Liverpool, xvas burnt at sea on the 3rd instant. The crew were rescued by a passing vessel. A gunner in the Artillery, named John Walsh, has been tried at Aldershot for carry- ing on treasonable correspondence with a Cork sohoolmaster, recently tried for conceal- ing firearms in his house. Chief Inspector Clarke, acquitted at the late detective trial, has been restored to full pay, and reinstated, but xvill forthwith retire on a pension. A fearful trade outrage xvas pprpetrated at Sheffield on the night of the 8th. instant. Two men, discharged from the Tinsley steel and Iron Works for not submitting to a reduction of xvages, folloxved another xvho had consented, into a butcher's shop, and one of them, seizing a cleaver, nearly cut off the man's hand. The offender has been arrested. Other trade outiages hax'e taken place. In connection with the Dunsdalo frauds, a woman named Lena Chester has been charged I with offering the Mansion House gaoler £500 to allow Diinsdalft to escape. As it appealed she only acted from love of notoriety, she was discharged. 