*OI'S AND TEBVEN'. A meeting of the Cabinet was summoned for yesterday afternoon, when the business to be submitted to Parliament this week was to be resolved upon. The Chief Secretary was, accdrding to the Argus, to make a Minis. terial explanation in connexion with the documents to be placed before the Houses. His Excellency has intimated his intention of communicating the despatches he has re ceived to date, but no promise has vet' been given with regard to the telegram from the Secretaryof State. Application willbemade o him, however, to have a copy of the message read in Parliament, as Ministers are desirous that the text-of the document on which so much depends should receive offi : cial publicity. The Age says, it is probahle that, the full text of the telegram lately re ceived by his Excellency relative to the pay sment of public moneys will be laid on the table of the rouse. Our Hesse-Street contemporary, in pur: suance, we presume, with his "constitu tional" disposition to create and support "a dead-lock," announced in his issue of Satur day, that- something of the kind had oc. curred at our local Police Court. on Friday last; or, that some of our local J.P's had laid aside their obligations and "struck work." Our contemporary stated that " Police Court business was stuck up yesterday for want of a second magistrate." It may doubtless suit the extreme party views of our contemporary tlhus to endeavor to maintain one of its " crisis" stock-in-trade allegations that " the courts of justice are closed," "administration of justice-has been suspended or fallen into desuetude," &c.; The business was not stuck up for want of a second magistrate. Mr. J. V. Bartlett, J.P., was in attendance at the usual hour, and after waiting a short time to see if a second magistrate would attend, there being two small debt cases which re quired a second magistrate to adjudicate upon, he wvent on with another charge upon the sheet. In the Shire rate cases, which do not require' more than one J.P., the Rate Collector applied for a postponement, which Mr. Bartlett granted, there being no defendants present. Had those defendants been present, and insisted upon going on with their cases, the case would probably have gone acainst thes Council, vith costs, as the Rate Collectos was not prepared with the Shire books to go on with it. Itappears that, on the 'Rate: Collector applying for those books, they were locked up and unob tainable. This would seem to have arisen from somelaches on the part of .the Shire Secretary who should have the Council's books available for inspection in office hours. Never before, in the experience of the oldest inhabitant of this district, have there been more numerous and destructive fi:es around Colas than have prevailed this year. The dry season has made the grass and dead timber exceptionally comb siible; ard hence the difficulty of arresting'?osh fires when' og?o ignited.:. bp Saturay evening Col.ac may said to have been, "illiuminated" with flercely?liburhing fires in the southern Sand liills, .presenting quite a picturesque appear-. auce, which was marred, however, with the conconiitant reflection of their destructive results; On Sunday the outlook was neithes picturesque" nor comfortable, as .the -fres seemed-to be" converging rqFud and closing upon Colso, and? the towd -was enveloped .in omokg so thg"f'ihe sun was eclipsed for most part of.the day, and when he did make an appearanct in the afternoon his fag. was as red as though he had been on the spree for a month, or, to use a simile less libellous upon the good tenimlarism of our solar system the setting surilooked like a reo hot canon hall; or a war picture of. a shell about to burst ;.on 'G?plac. The scene 'yesterday tilli more.resembled- a war --picture;" -nd was suggestive of two or three cities being on: fire a few miles south of Colae. The biggest, bush fire was raging on Thursday, at Irrewillipe, about 12 miles S. W. from Coli?e. There was also a large fire at Boun dary ?reek twelve miles south fiom Colad. A fire sprang up about an.m. on Sunday at Yeo, six miles in the same direction; and has been burning since. Another firestarted on Saturday- at Sater's paddock, two d mile south of the town, and is still bgrnipg, The fires have consumed an immense quan tity of fencing, ?jlts, and fnimber, which will ail. a gs&r; loss upon residents in" the cinity, especially: the burnt fencingtand grass. Nor was this all, for the homestead of Mr. Robert Lucas, a nice cottage, was totally consumed by the fire at Irrewillipe as was also a waggon laden with timber Thousands of acres of fine grass, and miles of fencing have been destroyed :by.the. bush fires that have raged, around Colac during the' last few days.,: ' e :learn'ailsb that the cottage' of Mr.E. COlififoriat Yeo was burnt to the- ground yesterday evening, and the ftre is still rapidlyspreacdiig westward. Suuds ani't esterday were the two t;'Mot' slays oeperienced oni Cola. t??s: eitsmer, th; ,thernomoter_ reitm:;u :8' i ?n the lshad :2 it. a9 n ':,9a9. f t oneo? 'loek. :.;Ii t noneS 1: se ont itlstood at 105 ; at o u'l6k 10:-l86 ; at t?c' ocloek, '118 odik-d thret-p.1-t.-?-'. 110' -The baroietets,'i Leehfo Ul fing atesdily oitnce Sm 5 O 'hicbil ioni dicaten h iege ,sr rate - As Mrs. Gleeson, of driving into Colac lasV?'F alied, and before she could p vehicle collided against a tree, many of such obstructions . o? The buggy- which . was a new turned over and broken to pieces,? Gleeson had a narrow escape fro, her life. Fortunately, however,;; tained no serious injury. The hors quiet one, otherwise the accident mi been attended with worse results. derstand that Mr. Gleeson made appl to the Colac Shire Council some tiure to have some of the tree. obstructis/ moved-from this road, but without' Perhaps this accident, and the narrow es t of Mrs. Gleeson may induce the Counci reconsider that application,- unless the cot cillors want someone to be killed outti before doing so. " i A painful accident happened on Fri last to a man named Keegan who was' plsyed with some'otlier men sinking a was hole on the Ingleby Estate, near Birreuum At noonday when his mates had left hin' the purpose of getting the ' billy boiled Keeran continued the excavation when t earth about a ton- weight foil on his lefiJ breaking andserverely bruisimng the rigt one, the ankle of the left being cousiderab: ' crushed, and his right side being grazed, t ribs being slightly crushed in, but none( which we believe were broken. The smatth. who were only twenty -yards asway at th time soon camne to his relief, ands at firs attempted to drag him out, but this the? were unable to do until the earth which hai fallen in had been removed. The sufferer wa then put on a stretcher, and was sent on the Geelong hospital by the evening train where his injuries. were promptly attend' to. We are glad to see from letters appeari in another column, that the Rev. S. Duttu Green, and Mr. J. G. Jennings have so elew vindicated themselves, as "leading mernmlt of the Enlscopalian deiomination," from tlj} charge of want of hospitality and brotheris love imputed to them by "Tomahawk" our last issue. VWe disclaimed identifying ourselves-with our correspondent's iinputi tioin. " It appears that the excessive heat experi, enced on Colac the last two or three day 'j \ and the bushfires which accompanied it, hav| also prevailed in ther parts of the country . TheBallarat CouniersaysSunday waas nques.u tionably one of the hottest days ever knowr '' in Ballarat, as shown by the fact that the\ thermometer, in the shade beneath MIr.1\ Bade's verandah in Start street, stood at 123 degrees between twelve and one o'clock. All \ the conunt'y surrounding Smyt"heasale ".u on fire. On Saturday, an exteC.ive btish-fire. was observable in the direction ur Slat Creek, but it was apparently'subdued befor~c night, and yesterday a similar ol(;lgratioun was devastating the forest about the north-' ern boundary of Bungareeshire: the volume of smoke in the latter instance being very dense. A sad occurreice took place at Lake t Elingamite (reports the Cap)erdownr Chroni cie), resulting in the loss of two lives. From evidence taken at a magisterial inquiry held" before W. Scott, Eilq., .P., it appears that Ellen Wilson, aged 12, together with her two elder sisters, daughters of Mr. Wilson, farmer near the Lake, went, as wvas their practice, to bathe in the lake. On this occasion, however, the sisters chose a different place to the usual one, and im mediately upon entering the water, got out of their depth-the eldest sister by: some means scrambled out, and ran for assistance to an old man named John 31'Cabe, who, lived close by. M'Cabe, who was an old and respected inhabitant of the district, being upwards of sixty years of age, and having resided in the district for a.great many years, at once ran to the spot, stripped / off his clothes, and plunged in. Being a!/ gooi swimmer, he soon latded the apparentlyj?l inanimate body of the second sister on the'' bank. He then started again to search for the other-body but he immediately sank tci" rise no more. Fron the medical evidenes appeared that the excitement and the sud~ shook of entering the cold water on a ho?t day acted fatally upon a frame weakened by old age and an old standing affection ofi the heart. The eldest sister then obtainedJ further assistance, and shortly after, .both. the bodies were found. The usual means of i restoring animation were tried, but withouti effect, except in the case of the sec0nsr whdo after much exertion, was snatched, as . it were, from the very confines of thatbournoe J from which no traveller returns. The breeders of horse stock may learn, from advertisement in another column, that Mr. T. R.. Oddie's tlhorough-bred entire horses Leo and Serang, will stand during the ensuing seasodn at Chepstowe, Southl Purrombete. The high. 'and fashionable'., pedigrees of these horses offer a good oppor. tunity to breeders to improve their studs. Parties troubled with toothache had better i steady their nerves and resolve to abate the V nuisance this warm weather, while they can do so with less pain and less fear of spoiling' ' - their beauty with- a swelled -face than by t' putting it off and having to undergo. any operation ntion. th'in teeth in'the winter i time. Mr. l', S. AV. 'Mawsori, Deetist, as nay be seen. by his advertisement in our a columns, will be in Colad on'the 7th inat. . and may be consulted at KinAne's HSotel. -A notification appears in. last Friday's Gazette,.that-committees of- management of Mechaqic'4 Ijstitutes, *or -public Libraries, a' claiming to participate ii the grant of i£300, for the purchase of -works 'are requested to send in their applications:by :the 10th linst t. Forms for which .ca be obtained from· ti't m Chief Secretary's Office, -.-' t The County.:Chrt sittings will b eld in ti Colac on the 14th of : Mayv .. - .Ye inyit'a.ttemition 'to the "importiant sale .' of honsehold: furniture, to'be -held byMr;' *, 1/ W. Finnmis ona- Wednsday a.nd Thursday 7I' next, at ioltified by advertisement. , . -- - - - - *: - . , 