FKW people, WC iuiaginc, in the country districts of the colony have any idea of the iium ber of the institutions in Sydney which aim at the diminution of vice, or the alleviation of misery, aud are supported wholly or in pait bv voluntary contributions. Xor by persons living away from the metropolis is complete aud exhaustive information on the subject very readily to be obtained, even supposing the existence of any widespread desire for such knowledge ; as the necessary particulars con cernin^ all the charitable institutions of Xcw Mouth Wales have nut hitherto beon combined, so far as we are aware, in any one work on the subject. That the publication of a book treating of our colonial charities, setting forth the particular object for which each institution wis established, describing the amount of success each had achieved, and lenerallv demonstrating the claims of all to the practical sympathy and support of the charitably-disposed in every part of the colony, would tend greatly to promote the interests of these organisations, is of course self-evident; but. .strangely enough, it never entered into the heads of any of the gentlemen concerned to act upon the conclusion until a Mr. W. B. CAMI'KKLL, a furniture dealer well-known for his perhaps eccentric but certainly successful system of advertising, stepped into the breach. This gentleman has for many years past taken a lively interest in the prosperity of our great charitable institutions, and has been instrumental from time to time in raising large sums of money for their support, the aggregate amount collected through his special efforts representing the very respectable total of X170U. Xot satisfied, however, with this highly satisfactory result of his labors, he determined a few months since to attempt something on a grander scale than anything he had previously essayed ; and casting about for some feasible means of giviug effect to his benevolent intentions, he hit upon a particularly happy thought, an idea, too, which could only have occurred to a practical man of business. His own commercial success suggested the clue to the solution of the problem he had undertaken to solve. To a judicious and liberal use of printer's ink was his own prosperity mainly attributable, and commonsense at once prompted the inference that by judiciously advertising their <'laims upon the public, the interests of the Sydney charitable institutions might in like manner be benefitted. This point settled, the method of applying the principle decided upon had next to be deter mined, and Mr. CAMHIKLI. is entitled to some credit for the ingenuity of the means he brought to bear for the purpose. Selecting the best from a number of rival essays, he has published the prize essay at his own expense, and is now distributing it to the public. So much for Mr. CAMI'IIEI.L : and now for the book. The work, which is now before us and is written by the Rev. S. W. BROOKS, has no great literary pretensions. It purports to be, and is, no more than a concise account of the various institutions on whose behalf it has been compiled, with a summary in each case of such statistics as are necessary to convey a fair idea of the magnitude and importance of the work effected. We may here repeat what has already been stated in a paragraph elsewhere, that any person desiring to secure a copy of the pamphlet has only to apply to Mr. CAMPHELL to obtain it; but as it is quite possible that many of our readers may not be at the pains to write to Sydney for the purpose, and as moreover we heartily sympathise with the object in view and are glad of an opportunity to assist so very praiseworthy an euterprisQ, wc shall endeavor to further the purpose of publisher and author by a brief summary of the information contained in the work. First on the list of institutions referred to by Mr. BROOKH is the New South Wales Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society, just 61 years established, and which first commenced operations when the city of Sydney boasted a population of 3734 persons. A kindred agency is the Religious Tract Society, only :I5 years old, whose object is the distribution of religious tracts with a view to the reformation of individual character and public manners. Auother curative agency 8. which, though the sphere of its operations is not the city, yet bccause it draws largely on the city for support is included within the list of metropolitan institutions, is the Bush Missionary Society, whose raiwit d' described to be the employment of paid missionaries to travel into the interior, visiting stations where regular clergymen rarely come, and in such places "to spread Scriptural knowledge without reference to sectarian pecu liarities." The Society, it appears, now employs four missionaries, at a salary of £150 a year and travelling expenses. With the Young Men's Christian Association, established in 1824, closcs the list of what are termed by the author " curative or radical agencies " for the diminution of crime. We come next to agencies aiming at the suppression or diminution of vice and crime, and first on the list stands the Society for the Relief of Destitute Children at Randwick. This institution, founded in 1852, is truly one of the grandest in the colony, having up to the end of 1877 afforded protection, support, industrial training, and moral and religious instruction, to no less than 3150 children who must otherwise have been cast upon our highways, there to starve, or, perchance living, to swell the number of our criminals. Equally valuable in its way is the work done by the Sydney Ragged Schools, now some 18 years in operation, and expending £700 a year in the effort to reclaim some few of the shoeless, shaggy-haired city Arabs, who, left to their own sweet will, bid fair to graduate in due course in Australian gaols. Of a kindred character to the two lastmentioned institutions are the Sydney Infants' Home, or Foundling Hospital, and the Sydney Female Mission Home, the object of both being to prevent girls who have committed one blunder from going any further in the wrong way, by such timely help and kindly sympathy as will make easy the return to the right path. Amongst the same class of institutions are mentioned the Association for the Promotion of Morality, the New South Wales Alliance for the Suppression of Intemperance, aud the Liquor License Amendment Association ; the two latter, as their names denote, being organisations formed for the purpose of coping if possible with the drink curse The Sydney Female Home is an establishment whose object is that of providing a temporary home for the reception of governesses, young females employed in business, and servants out of employ, without regard to creed or country. It is satisfactory to learn that so useful an institution is nearly self-supporting. The Catholic Female Home is an establishment of a like nature, save that its operations are confined to one denomination, and, like the elder institution, is silently and unobtrusively doing good and important work. The object of the Sailors' Home and the Good- enough Naval Seamens' House, will be sufficiently clear from their respective names, as that of supplying at moderate rates comfortable temporary quarters for the seamen of merchant vessels and men-of-war's men during their sojourn in Sydney. Very praiseworthy is the aim of the Discharged Prisoner's Aid Society, to afford kindly help and counsel to persons just coming out of gaol, in order to save them from temptation to re-enter the paths of criuie. Wo now conic to the institutions classified by the author under the general heading of " Reformative Agencies," and comprising two kindred institutions known as the Sydney Female Refuge and the House of the Good Samaritan; the aim of both being to lesson what is known as " the social evil," by gathering from the streets the females termed "unfortunate." The Female llefuge is the Protestant institution, the House of the Good Samaritan the Roman Catholic. Both doing work the value of which, whether^, gauded from a moral or economic point of view, can hardly be over-estimated. The next section of the pamphlet refere to age ncies which aim at the alleviation of want and suf fering. In generations back it was common V to attribute all suffering to the dispensation of Providence. Thoughtful people now see that \ nine-tenths of humanity's woes arise f Mui human folly or ignorance, and the Health Society of New South Wales is based upon this opinion; its object being to encourage and to some extent guide the increased public attention to sanitary subjects now being manifested In dealing with those institutions which aim at the alleviation of want and suffering, first place etre is very propenly given to the Sydney Infirmary, which is doing a great work in Sydney. Last year 2232 patients were admitted, besides out- patients, bringing up the total to over, 10,000 persons. Next in order come the Prince Alfred Hospital and St. Yincent's Hospital, which latter, though under the care of the Sisters of Charity and therefore primarily a Roman Catholic institution, is open to the sick of all creeds. Next to the institutions for the alleviation of actual sufferings come those which seek to lessen the bitterness of natural deprivation, and among these the Deaf and Dumb and Bliud Asylum is placed foremost. It is pleasant to learn that although it receives inmates from all the colonies, and gets but a trilling giant from the Government, its course has on the whole been a prosperous one. In this connection is mentioned The Industrial Blind Institution, now in course of formation. Our author then describes the Benevolent Society, one of the oldest charitable institutions in the colony, dating from June, 1818. The space we purposed devoting to this subject being now exhausted, we must forego mention of all hut the mere names of the remaining institutions, which are as follows:—The Highland Society, The Home Visiting and Relief Society, The Hebrew Philanthropic and Orphau Society, The Hebrew Ladies Dorcas Society, The Sydney Night Refuge aud Reformatory, The City Night Refuge and Soup Kitchen, The National Shipwreck Relief Society of New South Wales, and the Benevolent .Society of Blues. These, be it remembered, are all institutions wholly or in part dependent upon voluntary contributions, and when the number is considered, aud when it is borne in mind that there are many other institutions for the sick and the destitute wholly supported by the state, it will, we think, be admitted that the colony of New South Wales is not unmindful of the calls of charity. IK drawing attention a few weeks since to the forfeiture of a selection of 640 acres, taken up by one MAKIAN.VK ANDERSON- at Urana, we stated that no more bona fide selector ev applied for an acre of land in the district, and we pointed out tluit some misrepresentation must have been made to the Minister for Lands to induce him to gazette the forfeiture. Since our last comments on the subject were published we have received further and even more conclusive evidence than we previously possessed of the bona fides of the conditio purchaser in this case. Several disinterested and independent witnesses have volunteered their testimony in this behalf, and in one instance a Government official writes to us as follows " Having read the article in the Banner referring to the case of MAHIAIT AXDKKISON, I have much pleasure in endorsing the remarks thorein contained. I was through the selection not long since, and found the conditional purchaser resident, and every appearance of continuous residence. I know also that there are improvements on the land to the value of over £400, besides other works still in progress, although part of the area is still unsurveyed." The foregoing letter is but a fair sample of the others, and all have been written merely from a desire to prevent a gross act of injustice being perpetrated, without at least a protest being entered by those acquainted with the actual facts of the case. Under these circumstances, the forfeiture having evidently been gazetted under a misapprehension of the true state of afia^, caused by misrepresentation and falsehood on the part of some third person, it is clearly the duty of the Department to cancel the notice of forfeiture at once, or at all events to make such further enquiry into the business as will disclose the facts. Ample and searching inquiry is what the selector has all along been prepared for, and has never had any reason to dread. Forfeiture of her land, however, on the strength of some lying statement made behind her back, she is not prepared for. Nor, we think, will her fellow selectors tamely witness the consummation of such an iniquity without an effort to avert it, if their influence or their money can be of any service to this end. WE regret to say that the meeting convened by the Mayor for the evening of Friday last, to take into consideration the question of adopting some means to supply the town of Albury with gas, fell through for want of a sufficient attendance on the part of the general public. This is the more to be regretted inas- much as the Mayor had been at special pains to procure a large amount of information concerning the details of a scheme for laying on gas to the town. During a recent stay in Melbourne he made a point of visiting some of the laige gas-works there in operation, and of acquiring a knowledge of all particulars connected with the subject, and he was prepared with carefully- arranged statistics showing beyond all possibility of doubts that the investment of the capital required would be from the first a very profitable speculation, and that the returns would be year by year steadily and rapidly progressive. Having regard, therefore, merely to the trouble and loss of time incurred by Mr. JONES in his efforts to benefit the town, we should have expected the display of a little more interest in the matter than was evinced on Friday evening; but beating in mind also the importance of the subject itself, we are still more surprised at the unsatisfactory result. We trust, however, that Mr. JONES will not yet abandon his attempt. The night of meeting was not per haps well chosen, the weather was unfavorable, and there was hardly sufficient notice given of the affair to make it generally known. We have reason to know that at least a few of our leading citizens are fully satisfied of the advantages that would be derived from the introduction of gas, and it only requires halfa-dozen determined men to take the business in hand, for it to be carried through almost immediately. The capital necessary would not be large, and much of it we have cause to believe could be raised in Melbourne, whilst the return would be immediate and constantly increasing. THE BORDER DUTY' ON CEREALS.—A public meeting is announced to take place on Saturday, the 14th inst., nt the Exchange Hotel, to consider what steps should lie taken with n view to secure for local fanners free access to the Melbourne market for their produce. ANOTHER GROG SEIZURE.—During the past week the police have made another extensive seizure of fermented and spirituous liquors on unlicensed premises out at the big camp on the railway works. The owners of the liquor will probably be called on to appear at the local police court early in the ensuing week. THE DARLINGTON POINT MAIL.—In consequence of repeated complaints touching great delay in the delivery of this journal to subscribers in the neighborhood of Darlington Point, we communicated with the postal authorities in Sydney, and have in reply received a tinie-table showing the hours of arrival and departure of the various coaches travelling between Albury, Corowa, Jerilderie, &c.;, &c.; From this timetable we leam that the papers posted in Albury on Friday night ought in due course to reach Darlington Point on Monday night. Our subscribers in that quarter ought therefore to get the Banner by Tuesday morning at the latest. • Miss E. WANGENHEIM.—Lovers of music are promised a treat in the appearance at the Exchange Theatre, on the evenings of Mondav and Tuesday next, of Miss E. Alberni Waugenbeim, a colonial cant-atricc, who has already earned for herself a name in the musical world both in England and in Australia. Full particulars willbe found in our advertising columns. VICTORIAN PARLIAMENT.—The second reading the Ministerial Reform Bill was carried on n ednesday night. The division was the largest ever taken in the House, no less thau 81 members voting. The numbers were 59 to 22, or a majority of 37 for the Government. There was. however, one absentee on the Ministerial side and three on the Opposition, so that the total strength of the contending forces is 25 to 60. &ALES; op STOCK.—In the Melbourne market, on Wednesday, the following sales of local stock took place :—63 bullocks for Messrs. Edole.uud Francis, from their Tatonga .Station, to £7; 40 bullocks for Mr. E. Walroud, Yackaudandah, to <£10; 22 bullocks for Mr. Moou, to £8 ; 11 bullocks for Mr. Ley, Tallangatta, to £Q 15s.; 11 bullocks for Mr. Jeffrey, to j£9 ; 11 bullocks lor Mr. Moore, to j£0 10. COACH TO TUMBARUMIIA.—Up to a very recent date communication with the Upper Murray has been very irregular and uncertain. It has indeed been a matter involving considerably greater delay and expense to send a parcel to Tumbarumba than to Melbourne or Sydney. This state of things is, however, to exist no longer. Messrs. Cobb and Co. have now commenced to run a coach regularly twice a week to Tumbarumba, conveying passengers and parcels. Passengers will be booked in Albury on Tuesdays and Fridays, arriving in Tumbarumba in the afternoons of Wednesday and Saturday. The return coach will leave Tumbarumba on Mondays and Thursdays, at 7 a.m., arriving in Albury between 8 and 9 a.m. ou the following days. THE VICTORIAN LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.—We notice that the Hon. W. Wilson, the retiring member for the Eastern Proviuce, is again a candidate lor the seat which he vacatcs by effluxion of time. Mr. Wilson is in favor of reforming the Upper House by admitting as voters all ratepayers who are rated at £25 per annum, by an increase in the number of members, by dividing the colony into fourteen provinces, and by a reduction of the term of office to six years. Mr. Wilson further expresses himself as in favor of such a reform of the Constitution as will ensure the enactment of all measures of which the electors generally have expressed their approval. He holds that these changes, together with a determination on the part of both Chambers to adhere on all questions of a financial character to the forms and usages of the Imperial Parliament in this respect, would meet with the approval of the people of the colony. THE FELLTIMBER CREEK REEKS.—A report has been received by the Mining Department ou the Felltimber Creek goldfield, Mr. Henry Davidson, mining surveyor in the district, describes the gold workings as being named from the Felltimber Creek, a rapid rocky stream, having its sources in the spurs on the eastern slopes of the Ladv Franklin Range, between Wodonga and Chilterii, and after crossing the road between those places, losing itselt in the lagoons on the Murrav River flats, about four miles north west from Wodonga. The present workings are close to the creek, and prospects can be obtained almost anywhere in the ranges for miles in all directions." Sinking has been carried on to 40ft. or 50ft. depth, and up to the present has been dry. The gold as a rule is not found in quartz, although a few 6uch specimens have been obtained, and large quantities of milk-white quartz can be seen on the hill sides, but in a kind of hard mullock, or mudstone and cement. The richest hitherto raised has been from Tmdewind and Company's claim, westward from the prospectors claim. A crushing gave loz. ldwt to the ton, and the lode is widening. The gold is coarse, aud the vein varies in width from lin. to 2oin. The permanency of the workings cannot yet be decided upon. The population is at present only about forty, of whom thirty are miners. Messrs. Dent and ityUud are erecting a crushing battery to work for the miners upon the ground. ANNUAL SALE OF STUD SHEEP.—At the annual sale of 6tud sheep held in Melbourne ou Tuesday, some valuable rams were purchased for Riverina. Amongst the rest we notice the following :—One ram at 105 guineas for Dr. Telford, Coliram ; two rams for the same buyer at <J5 and 45 guineas respectively ; two rams for Mr. Virgoe, of Mathoura Station, at 110 guineas and 85 guineas respectively; one ram for Messrs. Watt and Thomson, Cocketgedong, at 80 guineas; one ram by Hurtle III., for Mr. Alex. Sloaue, Mulwala, at 41 guineas. THE BOTANICAL RESERVE.—The works in con nection with the improvement of the Botanical Reserve are making remarkably rapid and satisfactory progress. Tlie whole or the frontage to Wodonga-place has been trenchi-d and planted with an avenue of pines, the variety selected being the pinaster, or Scotch pine, and the trees line large specimens of some lour or five years growth. In the intervals between the trees are set ornamental evergreen shrubs, including the laurel, juniper, holly, box, veronica, oleander, &c.;, &c.;, which like the trees are of considerable age and 6ize, and give the garden already the appearance of having been planted for some years. The advantage of the adoption of this plan of setting trees and shrubs which are half-grown, is obvious; the result being the anticipation by n long time of the period when otherwise the work done would make any show. But the experiment at the same time is one attended with considerable risk, as in the event of an early summer setting in, with scorching hot dry weather, the percentage of loss would probably be much greater than it younger specimens had been selected. This at anyrate would be the case with an amateur gardener. Mr. Howard, however, assures us that if left to his care the trees will pull through the summer well enough; as he purposes mulching them thoroughly ; and this, with an occasional watering, he anticipates will prove a sufficient protection. At the entrance to the gardens from • he south end of Wodonga-placo, the broad sweep of the gravel-walk (yet in embryo) is set off on either side of the gate by two splendid cypresses some ten or twelve feet high, backed up by a lew particularly choice evergreens of different descriptions. The north 6ide of the reserve has been planted with elms, and here the experiment of introducing aged trees lias been carried to oven greater lengths, the specimens selected being over 20ft. high. Should these take root satisfactorily, there will be a splendid shady avenue in the very first year. The bank of the creek has been nicely sloped off and planted with willow cuttings and couch-grass, and the edge of the bank is to be set with willows also, forniiitg a parallel line with the elms. The fence surrounding the cricket ground is to be: jretapved, aud the place supplied by a lighter and more ornamental fence of a kind not yet determined upon, aud some handsome shade trees will be planted ou cither side uf the pavilion. On the whole, considering the small amount of money available for the purpose, the appearance of the ground has been wonderfully improved already, and we hope the work so well begun may in tlio course of a very few years be as satisfactorily completed. XOI'ENIN<I OP THE RAILWAY TO WAGGA WAUUA. The date lor the opening of the railway to North Wagga has now been finally fixed for Tuesday, next, the 3rd September. The committee has issued a large number of invitations to residents in Sydney, of whom a considerable muster is anticipated. The festivities on the occasion include a banquet, a ball—tickets of admission to each of which will be one guinea for gentlemen and half-a- guinea for ladies—a banquet on a somewhat less pretentious scale for those who do not care to expend the larger amount, aud a children's fete. We hear of Bcveral parties already made up in Albury to witness the affair, which promises to be carried out on a very grand scale. THE LATE PLOUGHING MATCH.—We have been requested by Mr. White, the winner of the prize awarded at the late match for the best turn-out of plough, horse, and harness, to 6tate that the harness worn by his team on the occasion was manufactured by Mr. R. C. Thomson, of Albury. INSOLVENCY MEETING.—A first meeting in the estate of William Reardon, of Albury, painter, will beheld at Albury on Friday, 24th September. CROWN LAND SALE AT BEECHWORTH.—A sale by auction ol Crown lands will be held at Beechworth on the 24th September. Amongst the lots to be offered is a 320-acre block, at the 6ite of Thougla station, being allotments 2B, 2C, aud 3, section R ; valuation, £395. STUD RAMS.—A flock of 420 valuable merino stud rams passed through the town on Monday last, ou their way from Mr. E. G. Greeves' station, Borialloc, Victoria, to Wagga Wagga, for sale at the Wagga Pastoril Show. THE BANK OF AUSTRALASIA.— If the new villa residence just completed by the Bank of Australasia for the accommodation of the local manager is to be accepted as a criterion, the branch bank itself when it comes to be built will be a very gorgeous edifice. The new cottage—if we may apply this very modest designation to so commodious and ornate a structure—is built on the allotment of laud in Kiewa-street adjoining the private residence of Mr. M'Lennan, and certainly is one of the handsomest homes in town. The frontage to Kiewa-street is commanded by two rooms each 18ft x 15ft., and 12ft. Sin. high, divided by a hall 6ft. wide, opening out on to a verandah 8ft. in width. At a depth of 15ft from the front door the hall branches into two corridors, turning to the right and left hands respectively, and again turning at right angles and traversing the whole length of the building. From the corridor to the right open out on one side a dining-room 17ft. x 15ft., a parlor 15ft. x 9ft., and a servant's room lift, x 9ft. On the left of the same passage are a store room (ift. (Jin. square, and a bedroom 12ft. x 12ft. Gin. The left-hand corridor opens into, first a bedroom 15ft. x 10ft., another bedroom or nursery 10ft. x 15ft., a bathroom lift, x 8ft., and a linen closet 6ft. 6in. xOft. Gin ; an open space between the bath-room and servant's room being covered in by a back verandah 9ft. wide. The abovenieutioned rooms are all included under the main roof, but the walls of the house are continued on both sides in a series of small rooms. Thus on the left or north side there are a pantry lift. Sin. x 6ft., a wood-shed lift, x 8ft., and the necessary out-offices. On the right wing the buildings comprise a kitchen 15ft. x 14ft., and a wash-house lilt, x 14ft. The main building is composed of Oregon studding, with red pine flooring and red pine weatherboards, the inner walls being of lath and planter, and the roof of corrugated iron. The doors, skirting-boards, window frames,&c.;,areall grained in dark oak, and the front windows extend to the floor level. The outbuildings comprise a stable, coach- house, harness-room, anil groom's room; and the water supply is provided for by several large iron tanks and a cemented tank underground, the whole containing about 4000 gallons of water. The grounds have also been tastefully laid out in lawn, flower garden, kitchen garden, and orchard, and no expense in short has been spared to make the place as attractive in appearance a6 it is complete in the matter of accommodation. The contract price, we understand, is £1800, the contractor being Mr. J. T. Ambrose, who has carried out the whole of the work in a highly satisfactory manner. The price named, however does not include the stabling, the contract for which was taken by Mr. A. Frew. The painting was done by Mr. Mitchelson, of Beechworth. GERM ANTON.—Our correspondentat Germantou writes as follows :—" At the last meeting of the Free Selectors' Association it was determined to call a public meeting for the purpose of getting up a petition to Government to make a road from Germanton to the nearest railway station. The Germanton Cricket Club held their first meeting of the season on Wednesday last, when several new members were elected. It was arranged that a team should be picked to play Wagga Wagga during the race time. On the whole I think the Club will be much stronger this year than it has ever been before, particularly as we boast of one Sydney cricketer, whose name 1 have seen in front of a very big score. I presume we shall during the season try conclusions again with Albury, when it is to be hoped we may make a better show than we did last year." CRICKET.—A meeting of the Wodoiiga Cricket Club was held on Tuesday, at which there was a very good attendance. The usual routine business wns gone through. The offices were filled as follows:—A. Gray, President; D. Ferguson and J. O'Callaghau, Vice- Presidents ; M. S. Waring, Treasurer ; G. F. Merrill, Secretary. Committee —Messrs. Stewart, Cobhum, Parkhill, Mason, Dibley, aud lijji'iott. FATAL ACCIDENT AT BONEGILLA.—Scarcely a winter goes past but we have to record several enses of death by drowning caused by rash attempts on the part of horsemen to cross the creeks and rivers of the district, without proper information as to the nature and direction of the regular fords. Another instance of the kind, we regret to say, occurred on Saturday last at Bonegilla, though the fatal result in the present case was scarcely attributable to ignorance of the proper crossing-place, as one of the two persons who met with their deaths had often traversed the road before, and might be supposed to be well acquainted with the route to be taken. The circumstances of the case are as follows :—On Saturday last, Mr. M'Cormack, a farmer residing at Bonegilla, had occasion to go over to Newnan's hotel, on the Bethanga road, and whilst there fell in with a man whose name is unknown, and who was seeking for employment. M'Cormack, being in want of a man for grubbing and other work on the farm, engaged the stranger, and in due course both started for M'Cormack's residence. It appears that the track from Newnan's to M'Cormack's passes through a lagoon, very deep in some parts, but still easily to be forded by anyone knowing the proper road, with which M'Corinack from having frequently crossed must have been well acquainted. The two men, however, never reached their destination, and as they had not turned up on Sunday a search party was organised amongst the neighbors, and the various water- holes carefully examined. After a considerable search, the bodies of the two men were found by Messrs. Pollard, farmers in the neighborhood, in the lagoon above referred to, which the two unfortunates had entered apparently some forty yards away from the proper place. A magisterial enquiry was held by Mr. O'Callaghau at Lewis's hotel on Monday, and a verdict arrived at in accordance with the circumstances above detailed. With a view to lead to the identification of the man whose name is unknown, we may state that he is supposed to have been recently working on this side of the river at the Jingellic tin mines. His description is given as follows :—A man of about 35 years of age ; height, 5ft. lOin. ; weight, 13st» ; lair complexion aud reddish beard and whiskers ; two upper front teeth missing. When discovered the deceased had money upon him to the amount of £(i 18s. 6d. ACCIDENT AT BARNAWATHA.—A serious accident (says the Free Press) happened to Mr. Philip Gehrig, of the Barnawatha Vineyard, one day last week. It appears that one of his sons was engaged ploughing in the vineyard when the horse bolted with the plough attached. The father's attention was called to the mishap, and he immediately endeavoured to stop the runaway, but to no purpose. At last the horse was seized, but Mr. Gehrig was knocked over and the horse fell on top of him. The horse got up again and the reiusbecoming entangled in Mr. Gehrig's legs, he was dragged some distance before he was extricated from his perilous position. After being removed to the house, Dr. Haley was sent for, and found that although no bones were broken, Mr. Gehrig was severely shaken. For a few days Mr. Gehrig progaessed favorably, but of a sudden alarming symptons set in, and Dr. Haley's attendance became indispensable. At present Mr. Gehrig is out of danger, but it will be Eome time before he recovers his usual activity. THE AGRICULTURAL SHOW.—We have been requested to state for the information ot farmers intending to compete in the wheat sections at the approaching Agricultural Show, that all the samples will lie measured in a properly- stamped Imperial bushel measure. Last year some little dissatisfaction was caused by the use of an iron tub for the purpose. JERILDERIE.—A Jerilderie correspondent informs us that on Friday, the 23rd inst., Mr. II. Norman, manager of the local branch bank at Jerilderie, was entertained by a number of his friends and presented with an address and a purse of sovereigns. The occasion of this demonstration was the approaching departure of Mr. Norman for E more, Victoria. FOOTBALL—ALBURY V. COROWA.—The return match between the Albury and Corowa Clubs has been awaited with much interest by the local players and their opponents. At the last match it will be remembered that Albury got a most unmerciful beating, and our players have been eagerly anticipating ever since the arrival of the date when they would be able to turn the tables on their conquerors. The Corowa team arrived in Albury on Saturday last at noon, and after partaking of some refreshments proceeded to the ground, where the two captains—Williams for Albury, and Levin for Corowa—tossed lor choice. The toss was won by the Corowa captain, and Williams kicked off. The play was very good on both sides, but it was evident, nevertheless, that the Corowa team were not able to hold their own against the pick of the Albury Club, and the result finally was a victory for Albury by two goals to nil. At the end of the match, the Corowa players were entertained at dinner at the Albnrv Hotel, where the usual toasts were proposed and responded to, and a very enjoyable evening was passed, the intervals between the speeches being filled by a variety of songs and recitations. The Corowa team left Albury for home on Sunday morning at 10 o'clock. The chair at the dinner was occupied by the President, Dr. Duncan ; the vice-chair by the'Vice-president, Mr. E. Brown. BUNGOWANNAH PLOUGHING MATCH.—In the a.lmtisenient last week re ploughing match at Bungowannah, the age of competitors was stated to be " under fourteen." This should have been " under sixteen." The advertisement has since been corrected. MRS. EMMA HAKDINGE-BRITTEN.—We notice from an advertisement elsewhere that Mrs. Britten, the " inspirational lecturer," purposes making an appearance at the Exchange Theatre on Saturday, the 14th September. The subject of the lecture is unnouueed as " The wonders of the age we live in," a suftyciuutly sumestive and comprehensive theme, fyom the laige joittoun^ of interest that has been aroused by the lectures of this lady wherever she has addressed ail audience, a crowded house uia.v be anticipated on the occasion of her visit to Albury. A lady lecturer is of itself soniewhut of a novelty, but an "inspirational lecturer " ought certainly to prove au exceptional attraction. HowiiONti.—A correspondent at Ilowlong writes as follows:—" We arc still going ahead in the matter of town improvements. Another new brick hotel is in course of erection, and will soon be completed. Mr. Boyle is also building a handsome residence, and these building, together with the new Court-house, will add much to the ap peaiance of our principal thorough fare. The wool-scouring establishment ot Messrs. Luther and Co., at Morcbringer, is not, I fear, turning out so profitable a speculation as it was expected to be. The business to be carried on to advantage requires, 1 fancy, a larger amount of capital than the proprietors are in a position to invest There is, I think, a good opening lor another butcher at Howlong; one who would act independently and avaid combination with the others. Such a person, supplying a good article and charging lair prices, would, I am confident, gain the support of the inhabitants of the town and district. Is there no one to step in and fill the breach >" . WOIKIMIA POLICE COI:KT.—At this court, on the 23rd inst., the following cases were dealt with :—\V. (Jonde v. Philip Mallon.—This was a caseof assault. Alter u good deal of contradictory evidence had been taken, the case was dismissed. J. C. Duncan v. Mrs. Pavne ; claim for £l lis. (id., for medical services; order for amount claimed and costs. Same v. Co well : claim for £2 2s.; oiiler for amount claimed and costs. Same v. Mooncy ; claim for £l ; this sum had been paid into court; order for annuint paid, with 5s. costs. Same v. Cruden ; claim for jfc'2 10s.; order for amount claimed and costs. Same v. Dyball, jnnr.; claim for .£<!; amount paid into court; verdict for £(i and costs. Geo. Filiuer y. V. Stephens; claim for £1 for rent; paid into court, A. Winter v. J. White ; claim for ilS 10s. Oil. for work : struck out without prejudice. In several other cases on the list there was no appearance ot the parties. On Wednesday last, before Messrs. llauibrick and O'Callaghan J.P.'s the lollowing cases were dealt with : —John Concannou v. Josiah White ; claim for £7 3s. (id., for work and labor and goods sold ; verdict for amount claimed and costs, in default distress. Alfred Knight v. Josiah White ; claim for £ts 5s. (id., work and labor done ; verdict for aiuouut claimed and costs. M'Cormack aud Reidy v. Josiah White ; claim for £15 lis. ; goods sold and delivered; verdict for amount claimed with costs, .£1 Gs. ; Mr. Nagle for plaintiffs. Albert Schlink v. Josiah White; claim for j£9 16s. 6d.; verdict for amount claimed with 2s. 6d. costs. Andrew Heckeudorlf v. Josiah White; claim for £19 19s. Id., goods sold and delivered; nc appearance. THE SIRES OK THE SEASON.—The number of thoroughbred and draught stallions announced to stand this season in various parts of this district is already.very large, and includes some of the best strains ot blood in the colonies. A glance at our advertising columns indeed will lie sufficient, to show that the breeder of any particular class of stock must, lie more than usually hard to please if he cannot find some sire well suited to his purpose. The owner ot well-bred mares, lor example, desirous to breed racing stock, might search the colony from end to end without meeting a better sire than Glorious, the pride of the Tabletop stud, which combines with perfect symmetry and great power some of the most renowned strains of blood of the old country. If indisposed, however, to incur the large out lav necessary to secure the services ot Glorious, the breeder has still a wide choice of excellent stallions. In Brandon, the property of Mr. Wbitty, of Tarramia, he will find a splendid animal, standing 16 hands high and weli-framed in proportion, displaying all the characteristics of the Rataplan and Stockwell blood. At liaranduda be will meet with Lord Tadmor, another representative of the Stockwell blood, being by The Marquis, who sired Newniineter, Imperial, Waterford, and other well-known cracks, at the same station may lie found the old. favorite Storm, bj'Snowden, who may justly be called the father of racing stock in Riverina. Down the river, at Wvseworth, we have Orphan Boy, who, though not perhaps so generally known "in this district as some of those previously mentioned, is nevertheless a racer all over, and one whose stock if we mistake not will yet make themselves a name on the New South Wales turf. A few miles further, and we come to Moorwatha, where Friendless is located, another Snowden. who has for years past performed in such a creditable maimer in various parts of the district as to have, as the owner aptly put it, made a good pedigree for himself. His name is an excellent illustration of the lucus a nun luceiulo principle, for few horses on the border have more admirer--. Up the Murray, there is au equally large field of sires to choose from. Commencing at Tangambalauga, we have Beadsman, a representative of the Prince William blood, and brother and half-brother to Aruma and Friendless respectively. Beadsman is best known as the sire of colts fetching high prices for the Indian market. At Wagra there is Bright Cloud, another Snowden, out of Nightshade, and own brother to such performers a-i Killavney and Night Cloud. At Tintaldra, again, is Bravado, a horse nf Dr. Bathe's breeding, by Demonstrator out of Pride. He is a fine upstanding chestnut, with plenty of bone and suhfitance. At Cudgewa stands Alphonso, who combines the most successful blood in the colonies. We had almost forgotten to mention Landslip, another Snpivde/i, >vbo stands at Moorwatha. This horse is well known as a well-bred animal, and brother to softie celebrated hurillerncers. At Opossum l^Hijt, iW Upper, Murray lolks have Evidence, whose, sjiv, The Steward, boasts the Wild Dayrell nd.Vfclti<'ciir bl&od; oil the one side and that of niiitluija'ToiiChstoiie on the oilier, At BuniB^-VelWcBOwn itoUitm Prime Minister, which combines some of the best strains of Knglish racers. At Cumberoona is Brisbane, another son of old Snowden, out of a Prince William mare. Another valuable thoroughbred will be found at lviewa, in Young Caliban, who is by Caliban, out of a Charley O'Mulley mare, and' is ball-brother to Cassio, who ns a three-yearold ran twenty-lour times, and won fourteen races out ot the number. At Albury, Mr. Ringwood offers the services of Whil- Her, by Tom King out of Riverina. Turning now to draught stock, we have Prince Alfred at Bungownunah, a sire whoso slock are admitted to include many of the heaviest, colts nnd fillies ever foaled in the distiict, and well sustain the reputation of Ben Lomond, the Prince's sire. At Kergunyah, Mr. .Alarum has Young Pride of Scotland, a splendid animal which has already secured several prizes. At Albury there is Foreman, bv Briton out of Blossom. At Heuauibra, Mr. Bond's new purchase Grey Lofty is available, and at Moorwatha Young Clinker's services may be obtained. At Howlong there is Field Marshal ; at Tallangatta, Young Van quisher. The splendid Clydesdale Baltic stands at Talgarno, whilst the requirements of Jindera farmers are met bv Mr. Arnold's Punch. At Tumbaruinba, Mr. Bradly has the heavy draught stallion Comet, and also two blood horses, Pegasus and Yandyke, whose services are olfered ou very reasonable terms. Young Drayman another line draught stallion, .stands at Bungoona, and fanners in the neighborhood of Wodonga will find in Sultan a horse of unusual size and vnvei. This horse stands ItiA hands high. At Moorwatha we have another Prince Alfred, the property of Mr. W. H. Howe. This horse is by Blackleg (imported), who was a champion prizetaker in Yicloria. At Little Billabong there is Young Clowden, by Clowdcn Lad ; and at Sunbury, Quat Quatta. there is the pure Clydesdale horse Marquis. SIR GEOIKJE F. BUWKX.—His Excellency Sir George Bowen has accepted the Governorship of the island of Mauritius, and will, we understand, leave Victoria by the November mail, or at latent by that of December. His Excellency'* commission as Gov ernor of Victoria is dated from Osborne, the Isle of Wight, 23rd May, 1M73. His installation. however, did not take pluca uutil the 1st of April following, so that the term of six years, for which colonial vice-regal appointments generally run, does not expire until April of next year. Though the information of the premature close of Sir George Bowen's term of office here will probably surprise the public, it has been known for some time to a limited circle that his Excellency was some time ago advised that he would have the choice of assuming the Governorship of some other colonial possession before the end of the year. We believe that the next Governor of Victoria will be either Sir Hercules Rob- inson or the Marquis of Norman by. It has, however, been stated on good authority that Sir Hercules has already declined the honor of coming to Victoria. The present statesmanlike Governorof Ncw Zealand is therefore likely to be Sir George Bowen's successor. THE WA<><;.\ Cir.—Mr. Cochran's handsome and valuable gift to the Murrunibidgee Turf Club arrived in Wagga Wagga a few days since from the manufacturers, Messrs. Walsh Bros., of Melbourne. The form adopted is different to that of previous years, I n-.ing (says t he Express) a crystal claret jug, massively mounted in gold at the top, The lid is surmounted by a horse and jockey. A tendril of vine leaves in gold, twines "round the handle, and a bay-wreath wrought in the same metal droops fmni the handle. Upon the lower part of the lid on one side is engraved a view of the Wagga grand stand. NEW lx.soi.VExr.—James Ferguson, of Wodonga, fanner. BETHANUA STATE SCHOOL.—The Minister ol Education received a deputation on Tuesdav from Beth anga, introduced by Mr, Wright, M.L,A.,asking for the erection of a State School in that township. Major Smith returned the usual answer, that the plansandspecifications were prepared,and that he would proceed with the work as soon as he was placed in funds by the passing of the Loan Act. They also waited upon the Chief Secretary and the Postmaster- General. Mr. Berry, in answer to a request for a grant towards a public library aud reading-room, said that the Government subsidy depended upon the amount voluntarily collected, aud Mr. Patterson promised to eatablish a money order office in connection with the post-ofiice if he found there was no objection to the course being pursued. STEALING A WATCH.—At the Wodonga Police Court, on the 23rd inst., Robert Grant, alias David Young, was charged with stealing a watch from the person of William Sutton at Wodonga. on the 9th August. The prisoner pleaded guilty, aud electing to have the case dealt with by the Beuch, he was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labor. The Bench complimented Constable Toobey upon i.he intelligent manner in which had discovered the offender and sheeted home the offence. Mr. Inspector Smith, who was present iu court, 6aid he would take a note of the recommendation. The facts of the case were as follows :—'William Sutton, a farmer residing at Felltimber Creek, happened to be in Wodonga on the 9th August. He had then the watch in his possession, bnt during the day he became the worse for liquor, and on awakening the following morning he found that the watch was gone, and duly reported the loss to the police, giving the number and description. On the 21st inst. the prisoner wus in Mr. Ferrier's shop, and in the presence of Constable Toohey iook a watch out of his pocket. The constable remarked that it was a a nice watch, and usked to have a look at it, whereupon the prisoner handed the watch over. The constable examined the watch aud found that the number corresponded with that of the one reported to have been stolen, and after making some further enquiries arrested the prisoner. The identity of the watch was clearly established by the owner autl bv the person from whom Sutton bad bought it, with the result above stated. NEW OMNIIJUS.—WC had an opportunity a few days since of inspecting a new omnibus turned out from the fuctory of Messrs. Higginsund Baker to the order of it. A. Crawford and Co., and intended for the traffic between Albury and Wodonga. The new vehicle is substantially constructed and very neatly finished; the work throughout indeed could hardly be surpassed, either for strength or elegance of appearance, by any metropolitan firm. Tho most noticcable feature in connection with the 'bus is perhaps its extreme lightness. Constructed to carry twelve passengers, it weighs but!) cwt., and is propor tionately light of draught ; the usual weight of vehicles of similar size and capacity being 18 cwt, The saving has been effected too in such a way as not to detract from the durability of the carriage, CHARUE OK ARSON.—At the policc court, on Tuesday last, Henry Roberta was charged with arson. Constable linierton deposed: From information received ] went to the Club Hotel Dean-street, this morning ; in the backroom of a detached building on the premises, the lining ap peared to have been recently destroyed by fire from what 1 heard 1 went iu search ol the prisoner, and found him on the Gerogerv Road, near the cemetery ; 1 arrested him lor settiug fire to the back premises at the Club Hotel, and told him the charge ; prisoner said, " I am innocent there was two men stopping in the house; it must have been them ;" I brought prisoner to the lock-up ; on searching him I found the article produced ; the pocket-handkerchief appeal's to be burned. Geo. Randall deposed : I am a drover out of employment; last night 1 stayed in an outbuilding of the Club Hotel, in company with Charles Jackson, by permission of the owner; we went there between (5 and 7 in the evening, and went to bed almost at once; there was no fire iu the place when 1 put the candle out { after 3 o'clock in the morning 1 heard a person come and try the (rout door oi the place ; finding he could not get in he tried the back door, which was also fastened ; he then mumbled something about "a poor b painter locked out anywhere he then went iuto the outer room and lay down ; I heard the striking of a match, and directly afterwards there was a blaze of light ; 1 went out. and called 1113- mate, and found the place 011 fire ; I then heard prisoner sav, " Your plaee is 011 fire ; I saw it as I was coming across the bridge ;" directly I heaid the voice 1 knew it to be that of the man whom 1 had heard mumbling 111 the outer room ; he assisted to put out the tire ; prisoner was apparently drunk when I first he ml him speaking, hut when the fire broke out he 6eenied sober enough ; he came to call us the moment the fire broke out. Charles Jackson deposed to having been present with the last witness at the Club Hotel premises on the night iu question; witness went to bed soon alter 7 o'clock ; there was no lire in or near the building at this time ; during the night a man came and tried to get in, and failing, muttered something to the effect that "the poor b painter was locked out;" at 3 o'clock the place was iu a blaze ; the prisoner then came running uj) aud said, " For God : s sake, get 6ome water and let us put this fire out;" it was between 12 and 1 when the man first came to the place, it was between 3 and 4 when the fire, broke out; witness was asleep in the interval, but was awake enougli to hear the striking of the match; the landlord !' the hotel wa« first called by the prisoner. Wm. E igcumbe, landlord of the Club Hotel, deposed : The two last witnesses stayed last night in an outbuilding ou my premises; I was called at halftta-4 3 by prisoner, who shouted " Fire ;" I went down and found.the place 011 lire; I put it out; I said to the prisoner, •• It is very strange that the place is on fire, and that you should be here at 3 II the morning ;" I ordered him to clear out, and I afterward* ^ave information to ihe police ; thi prisoner lias been in the habit of deeping in thi place for the last three weeks. This concluded the evidence. The Bench held that the evidence w.is not sufficient to establish the charge, and the case was dismissed. THE ILLUSTRATED AUSTRALIAN NEWS.—The August number of the Xms is just to band. The ntispiece, entitled " Wattle Blossoms," is a pretty sketch illustrating a phase of rural life sentially Australian. We have then an enaving supposed to lie descriptive of a recent volcanic eruption in the South Seas. This picture, liDwever, requires to be viewed with the eve of faith, and free play has to be given to the imagination before the particulars of the scene depicted can be very accurately made out. To the superficial observer the engraving has a tendency to suggest the idea of'a bush-fire or a violent thunderstorm as much as the idea of a volcanic eruption, but close examination establishes the presence of the volcano beyond all possibility of doubt; likewise the fact of the eru-.^on, which has been so severe as to cut a .onring mountain a mile or so high into two pari-., and to send the top hall away up into the uir. The Annual Hovee Patade in Melbourne,on 12th August, form the subject of the next engraving. Next comes a portrait ot Mr. W. J. Clarke, •ecently elected to a seat in the Legislative Couucil is a representative of the Southern Province, but perhaps better known as the son of " Big Clarke," aud as one ot the most free-hearted and liberal, as well as one of the richest, men in the colony of Victoria. To this succeeds a view of the scene at the late conversazione of the lloyal Society of Victoria, showing the president of* the Society in the act of delivering the annual address. The next illustiatiou is a portrait of Mr. Edward Henty, lately deceased, who was the first settler 011 Victorian soil. This is followed by a portrait »f the Rev. Dr. Lang, and by some sketches of cencry in New Zealand and New Guinea. Other 1 lustrations of an equally interesting character are given and the letterpress contains as usual a well-written and comprehensive resim\4 of the' month's history. From the account given of the career of Mr. Edward Henty, wc extract the following:—" In the year 1832, Edward Henty, alter an expedition to Western \- Australia, iu which his w^eriouco cor* roborated that of his brother, havino tiZTT^ explored the coast between V« iSLSffty and that district, selected Portland ft" spot most suitable for settlement SB with a friend and four men oS l )0 ftS l ,arkin r sloop called the Thistle, and ?ak£ with u. la11 thirtv-thrcc head of cattle, he 3 jected home, but was delayed S Strarv » and stormy weather so much t h X ^ f f 8 four days crossing the narrow straij sixteen head of cattle. After this brought over from Launcoston, which Sti!^ to be the residence of his father unt K "!? in 1839, and was the centre f« m which L ^ tiers drew their supplies. Gradual f further inland, large tracts of land were2fft crazing; and though often in peril fZ, .u blacks, Mr Henty w'as always fortSn L n'hist lations with them. After Victoria £SL* separate colony he purchased a large estate. !,,? SSi m n,any i,astorai J i-AS AMHJIIY L T O COUKT.—At this Court, yesterday, liefore the po ice magistrate, the follow^ cases were dealt with .-—Orlando v E ClaX 8 claim for £20 15s., for work and labor £!: order by consent for amount claimed and coste! Commercial Banking Company r. Matthias Keb son.—The proceedings in this case were on information by Mr. D. J. Abercrowbie {as manaaerof the Commercial Bank) against Matthias Nelson to recover possession of premises in Kiewa-strcet alleged to> be now held by Nelson as tenant of the Bank. Mr. FlemiUR for plaintiffs, Mr. Emerson for defendant. Mr. Fleming put in several documents. all of which were admitted bv Mr. Emerson, which proved that about three vetirs k<t 0 j e . feiidont had taken the premises in question from Mr. 1>WIS Solomon as a monthlv tenant; that Mr. Solomon had afterwards become insolvent • that Mr. Mudge had been appointed Trade Assignee 111 his estate, and as such had acted and been recognised as landlord of the premises • that Mr. Mudge and Mr. Sempill, the Official Assignee had conveyed all Solomon's light and interest in the said property to the Commercial Bank in October, 1677; and that Mr. Abercromhie had given notice to defendant to give up the premises. This was the plaintiffs case. The defence was that the relation of landlord and tenant did not exist between plaintiffs and defendant. For the defence, Mr. Emerson called Mr. Mudgeand Mre. Nelson, the former of whom proved that he bad acted as landlord ; that 011 the 26th August 1H77, Mrs. Nelson had given him a notice which he had searched for and could not find, which in substance notified to him that defendant gave up possession of the premises ; and that Mrs." Nelson had at the same time informed him they had removed from the premises, and that she' gave up possession of same ; and that he afterwards went to the premises and found defendant had left them. Mrs. Nelson proved having, by her hus- band's instructions, drawn the notice above-mentioned, which he had signed ; and having by her husband's directions given same to Mr. Mudgeon 24th August, lt>77j; and proved the copy of same, which was put in ; that on the same day defendant and his family left the property, took all the furniture away, and remove*! to a house in Kiewa-street, which they took from Mr. Thomson ; that about five weeks afterwards, in the following October, having to leave the lastmentioned house, they went looking for one and found the house now in dispute unoccupied, aud the door unlocked, and had gone into it and remained there ever since, not paying any rent nor acknowledging any one as landlord. This was defendant's cise, and both legal gentlemen having iddressed the court, his worship, said there was a nice point involved as to whether the relation ol landlord and tenant did exist, and he reserved his decision till this day (Saturdav). PRKSDVTERIAX SKRVICE.—The anniversary of the Presbyterian Church in Aiburv will be celebrated on Friday, the 13th inst., by a soiree ind lecture at the Exchange Assembly Rooms. The lecture will be delivered by the Rev. Charles Bell, of Melbourne, aud will be*illustrated by appropriate selections of vocal and instrumental music. To CORRESPONDENTS.—'" A " is informed that a ton of quartz contains usually from 22 to 24 cubic feet. The solidity varies'with the nature of the stone, but it is seldom over the quantity here 6tated, and never amounts to a cubic yard. Two letters are held over. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of advertisements appearing for the first time iu the present issue :—In the list of auctions we notice that Messrs. Mudge and Another will hold two sales to-day—a sale of cattle at the Riverine yards at 110011, and a sale of furniture at their mart, at 111.111. Mr. E. Barnes, on Tuesday next, will hold a sale of stock at Dixon's Swamp. On Saturdav, the 14th September, Mr. E. A. Hope will hold, at the Bogong sale-rooms, Wodonga, a sale of general stores nnd sundries. Ou the Show day, Mr. North will hold a sale of stock at the Riverine vards. Messrs. M'Donald and Co., of the Post" Office Store, Walbundrie, announce the urrival of a large assortment of spring goods. Mr. Backhouse invitee tenders for the making of a cellar at the Ettainogah Vineyard. A public meeting is advertised to take )lace at Ten-mile Creek 011 Saturday next 7th September. Sir, M'Leod, of Pullitop, offers for salea640-acre selection, with 1920 acres of grassright. Mr. Martin, of Yarrara, invites tenders for raising quartz from the Mountaineer Reef. Mr. F. Matthews, of Olive-street, boarding housekeeper, asks for au immediate settlement of all accounts. Mr. Leahy offers £10 reward for. conviction of the person who 6tole two horses from Jindera. Mr. M. J. Moore cautions persons against buying certain selections advertised for sille, and the auctioned reply to the effect that a good title will be'given to any purchaser despite Mr. Moore's protest. Most of the other iie\y advertisement® of aiiy importance iii-c specially noticed elsewhere. Tenderi are i ivited by ti e Victorian Railway Department (Ir ihe erection '9I' jjrittjcottages. • • • 1 " T FUNCTION FOR A SELECTORS' ASSOCIA- I Ji V i agt montbly meeting of the Argoon /C'u.'Selectors' Association, held at the l^wtl the President (John lloss, Esq., F 00 - l chair Mr. Tranter, of ltullri, brought .,)"' grievance which he had with Mr. irard » 8 j g aj g0 a member, but who ponia 5 jj e eXplained that it had relas nft, j v i si on fence between them, and a |ten^r h Mr. Lang excavated for him. He 1 willing to accept the decisiou of the I M . The President stated that if each l«oc> a . tlon j njjaOTeement , m agreement to t abide by the J deci-| — f 61 ?" ved e , at, ftt ti, then tliey they could deal with it; ""Tthe could gather from Mr. Tranter's b»> " ,, dispute admitted of easy settlement, I ' ^jould C be \nade? Mr. "Tranter then I )IlCefsion cegg; on ^jcli he would make, and itpd "n 1 inn on I behalf 1 II 1 _J' of nfu Mr. T Lang, AHA oni'/) said I1/1 he Mr UU(10»I Lbt it woidd be > bcen ainicaoly Both parties, interwith'tiie law relating to lencing-in I Month Wales which, on being explained bv " president, the affair was settled to the satisj on 0f each party. R AXY MEMS.—The following Urana items I'from f 0111 the local paper:—AOOUI About two 1110111 months us a L 0 the Government surveyor,, Mr. Orr,^gentle-1 '°-ho made himself exceedingly useful in the Wrict and was the prime mover in nearly every " that was for the benefit of the district ring received an appointment in Denili-1 A.s yet no one has succeeded him, and t inconvenience is thereby occasioned, verid who have selected laud are unable to f ide upon it as they do not know where their raiierty is. I 1 i s to lie hoped that the evil will • Ji be rectified. An old resident of Urana left lb borne last Monday week apparently in enjoyliatiit of excellent heilth. Not returning home lin the evening his friends became anxious. Two L, and a man went in search of him. form Itanately they knew where he had been working. IThev lound him lying at the loot of a tree dead, I Ld fromthe attitude he was in it was evident that he was in the act of using a long adze for itrii>ninR hark when death seized his prey. As no inquest was held the cause of death is lint known, but it is generally supposed to have been I aneurism of the heart. WAKIN AUSTRALIA.—News has just been receiral of a serious disturbance at the Palmer rush on the 15th inst., between the Chinese natives of Macao and Cauton. Eight hundred natives Marao and 500 of Canton rolled up, both c u..-. treats well armed with guns and revolver. A great uielee ensued, in which two were killed, and Lliige number wounded, somesenously. A number of native police were despatched by W®*" I j den Selheiiu to the scene, and they succeeded, Mug claims to the enemies at us. per neaa. between the two tribes. . . ,, I THE OLD STORY.—There are queer 6tones told | what is known as the " laiubing-down " pro cess. — Recently, .• I a shepherd 1 who had been 111 the . back country for years came down to a town 1111 Xeu- South Wales for ' a spree, with a very handsome cheque in his pocket. Both 15otu the signa- ture and the cheque were handsome, and both the signer and the owner of the cheque were known to the landlord ot the hotel into which the sbep- STROLLE D HE BAUDED OVER 1,18 CH - £ * 1UU T0 L Boniface,_ and received £5 on ac^unt, and com-1 nienced by "shouting" all rouud. it was 1 only "shout" he was allowed to make. That landlord did not desire to waste good whisky j and so kept some sufhciently strong to meet all requirements. One "nip" was quite enough | even for the bibulous shepherd. Half-an-hour alU'rhehad swallowed it he was deposited 011 a back verandah. Thure he lay, the portly hololkeeper meantime marching up and down. He , . . HERD returned to consciousness, and his achm<r head and throbbing temples bore to him ample testimony of the wine he had consumed. He received the balance of his cheque—a very small one by the way-and returned to his lonelv life a«uin, thoroughly satisfied that he bad enjoyed hie spree. We can imagine that shepherd tellins tu bis chums of a ni«ht what a jolly spree he hud. l'oor wretch, he is onlv one of many. Shepherds, like sailors, very frequently earn their money like horses and epeiid it like asses. | THE MELBOURNE CHILD- STEALINCI •lie Central Criminal Court, Melbouri , t k ^ ' M " ™ u Fitz ib " b ( ° n ', .vj 10 , b i V ] T d v I P o ^ l ' b ^ M Shid« I 1 saT.WL 1 Ti eentence. Mi.bneist ie ,ri r^ted, on behalf ot the pmoner, to state that prior to her marriage she had nad been engaged as a domestic servant, and \j nothing "" j1 ' could ' ~ " be urged " against * her character " at that time. Latterly°she had become addicted to ^temperance, and it was only since then that she I W misbehaved herself. She was very sorry for had done, and she had acted altogether without premeditation in taking the child. His common cases. She. child not from any mi desire to have a child, acceptable to tier husband by representing to him I tlmt this child was her own. It was said that she I acted without premeditation. She might have done so as regarded this particular child,uut there was evidence that she intended to steal some child, She might have acted on the impulse of the moment in taking this child, but she had acted with great cruelty in keeping the child for six I months when she must have known that the child's parents were using every exertion to recover it. No greater cruelty could be indicted on parents than to steal their child. It was even worse than death. j--«.«- •«" When a child 1..1.1 was dead j„j its parents i. knew I it was gone, but when it was stolen they were left uncertain as to its fate, or how it would be brought up. He couid imagine a person in affluent was born, but there was not even that palliation 1 in this case. The prisoner was iu narrow circuni- | I stances, nt'nii/trtn was tirno given iritr/tli to fn drinking, Hiiiiil^utir and nn<1 had Itnrl the flia child cessive sixth week to be in solitary confinement. IMPROVEMENTS.—'TheAUohasthe following: q 11(J ofLell sees } n t} iu papers an advertiseme « Improvers wanted." What does it mean 1 H it anything to do with free selection? It seems 1 that iu 111 the tne Albury Aiourv district people peopie are are claiming allowances for improvements to the amount of j one or two pounds per acre, because they have I been sowing English grasses : but when the iuepector goes upon the ground, he cannot find any traces of the work. The old idea about two I blades of grass appearing where only one appeared I before is not carried out. The fact iB that the 1 only blades to be seen about are of a kind distiuguislied for sharpness rather than verdancy. By-the-by, would it be admissible lor a selector with a family of grown-up sons to declare to improvemeuts on the ground that the youths had all been busily engaged in sowing their wild oats ? T h b SUGAB CROI> or 1877-78.—We are ined by Mr. Newcombe, Government Statist, tj iat tbe „ r08g q Uantitv of sugar manufactured in y ew South Wales during the statistical year, euded 3let March, 187S, was 150,744lb. The 1 amount 0f the previous year's yield was 93,9601b., t| ius the incieasefor last year was . r j(i,784lo. This is highly satisfactory, and goes to indicate that t]le SU}, aj plantations of the coloniesare increasing, but that the industrv is prosperous. In fact, it lg oulv in it s infancy, and is bound to attain a hji-'h rank amongst our national industries. 0 k > month.anivedinSydney on Saturday even-1 of Melbourne, and was met at the « 1 , a aad welcomed by several persons « ^teJegted in aquatics; amongst them Messi^.U J Thompson and James Punch. Messenger , oa § uuday went bv steamer to the river, midday on Monday 1 Putting otth-om the Mer 1 1 | rowing . men were .!„,.„„* incseiii MJ wiLucsa iuc Bjjuiuiiig and ^ impression TLLE Victorian created was aI favorable one. Most people expected that he • - - - r - • . . 1 wou]{1 bave beeu bother, d by the steamers' wash th(j ^ ^ bufc guch WIS uol t| le ca9e> lor he ap- a ^ perfectly at homej aU(i rowed through the bi>ok(jn water in a free and masterly style. SERIOUS ACCIDENT.-A serious accident oc-1 ^ ea)hr 0(v j£ omlav mornin„ t0 Mr> Michael Donnellv. He was riding along the Tarcutta-road near | If ''aud^ir'horse, 7powe"rfuT"hi'gh-1 J nd t.d. Mr. spirited aniinai, U>OK in 0ut A»U bolted. Mr. Donnelly's efforts to guide him were useless, and he was carried against a tree. In addition to the severe shock which he sustained, his face was cut to a serious extent. Information of the unfortunate THREATENING TO STAB THE GOVERNOR OF | VICTORIA.—A lew days since a man presented himself at Government ;house in an excited manner, and demanded an immediate mterview with his Excellency the Governor. He labored under the delusion that he was the Kiug of England, and intimated that • unless his Excellency would deliver up the throne to him within the space of I twenty-lour hours, he would, at the end of that time, return and stab his Excellency. The man then lelt the building apparently with the iutenlion of putting his threat into execution. A de-1 narade where "it appeal he "was" lodging. It I turned'out that his name was John D. Fitzgerald, j u™ twenty. Seven, and a bootmaker by trade, aged nvemj , watchhouse as The oftceis lodged y a lunatic. "MONEY r • OWING 1 iwim^ TO Til SoMEBODY.-Thc mini i':iitiuY.— iiii! following luiLunmu ^ paragraph occurs in Lloyd's Kyi of Km Gazette, [iisTpSed'at M c E ^ m ^ X f in 1872 a return was presented to the House 0 Commons, from which it appeared that the total amount of cash balances and investments belong-1 NEW RA.II/WAT TIME-TABLE.—The opening of the line to Wagga on the 3rd of next month has necessitated the issue of a new time-table ; and we understand that the Executive has to-day assented to certain alterations in the time of running the through trains which will be found to be an immense convenience to the travelling public. At present the mail trains leave Rcdferu at 6.10 I and G.20 p.m. respectively, an hour at which ninety-nine persons out of a hundred prefer to I take tea or dinner. About this time also the Redfern station is pretty well thronged by crowds of passengers returning to their home's in the suburbs, and the existing arrangement therefore is one which appears to incommode all the parties whose convenience should be consulted. On and allow passengers to get their dinner before b they start on the night's journey, and which will allow | I of aP their arriving nmiiinitu at nf Wagga and Orange at a more morning at the same time as at present; but it has been arranged that the up-southern train shall arrive there an hour earlier iu the afternoon. SIHCIDE NEAR TENTERKIELD.—James Cahey, I a farmer living about three miles lroiu Tenterg field, is reported by the Star to have been foun dead in his hut under circumstances that pointed to the commission of suicide. It 6eems that Cahey had for some time been labouring under considerable mental aberration, and late more than usually troubled in accusation that he had stolen cl men who were working near tli Jane Wright, a married daughter ot Cahev's, with whom he had lately been residing, missed him 0n the 19tli, and went to Mrs. Coghlan's, her sister, to see if he was there, but he had not been seen in the neighbourhood. They weut together I to his hut, but being impressed with a feeling of alarm they did not enter. Two men working near went iu. On the bare ground in an inner room ot au old slab and bark hut, used now as a barn, lay the body of the unhappy mau, which prc- Rented a wretched appearance, the face being very much discoloured, and the clothes about the chest where the fatal shot had been lirni all burnt and charred. The body was laid on its back when we entered the hut, but it was afterwards placed iu the position as first seen by the police, which was with the face downwards, lying partially 011 the | lelt side, the left arm being under the face or w G w hen discharge,!. The legs were extended crossed, while lying along the right eg of the d,- ased was a single barrel gun the .mizzle of 'hich was pointing towards the 1™dot he odv and reached as far as the knee. There was also a was nela concerning me ueaiu. u.^viu^u The finding af the Bench was that 1 , J[R. G. A. LLOYD'S INSOLVENCY—Mr. George Alfred Llovd, the well-known merchant oi George- Btreet, Sydnev, - -• sequestrated his estate, as already ' nnounced, for the benefit of his creditors. His affidavit of insolvency states:—1.1 am the abovenamed petitioner. *I am in insolvent circumstances; and I desire that my estate should be pequestrated for the benefit of my creditors. 2 My insolvency has been occasioned 111 part by the failure of other persons to meet eii-aginL'iitsot theirs; for the payment ot which I am responsible, and in nart by losses which have resulted from and in part by the depressed state of trade. 3. My business transactions now pending are extensive and I require time to prepare my schedule. I believe a fortnight will be sufficient ior the purpose im until September 3 to file his'schedule H of liabilitie l g> j£r. R. II. Semphill is \- officml assi„ liee> 'Tl LABOR IN ENGLAND AND IN THE COLONIES.— A very interesting paper appeared m a recent number of the ContcmiKmrnj llevww, trom the pen 0f Mr. George Howell, one of the niost thought- Jul of the working- class leaders 111 England, lie attempts to answer the question—are the working classes improvident. He shows that wa«es, 111 London, have advanced, 111 the last forty years. mci whoYave familie^ have still as much as they can do to make both ends meet with economical management We entirely agree that the working classes in England and Australia cannot be fairly c^s ^ improvidence than other i ^ , \ Hnwr»llV flrminiont drawn irom MR HmvelU —-- •• — - —n— -- ; ' ^ ! avert S ^ t shUlin^ the case 0 a familj o fi, ^ t i n g on thu isTotwttmisSng: ^ not the immediate result ot mamed me. considerable amounts, laild how unskilled labourers, who in the town do not obtain more than r.n average of about seventeen shillings, and agricultural labourers, who, in the south of England, do not earn more than thirteen or fourteen shillings, can provide against the want of old age or sickness. What a contrast the condition of labour in Australia affords. With the wages of skilled workmen fifty per cent, and the wages of unskilled men a hundred per cent, higher than in Great Britain ; with provision on the whole much cheaper, and the cost of clothing, owing to our beautiiul climate, much less, with house rents almost the only item of increased cost, it is clear that working men ought to need little inducement to persuade them to try their fortune in the land of the South. AMERICAN COMMUNISM.—A Pittsburg Communist writes some ominous centences to the editor of the leader. He announces that the working meu are preparing to rectify some of the cursed evils " of the power of capital over them. They stand ready " to cope with capital through the clash of arms, the moment they are ready for the bloody work. In order that the editor may not be " iloundering in the dark and theorising any longer upon a practical question," he proclaims that the aims and purposes of the labor organisations are simply to gain justice and light, " peacefully if we can, forcibly if we must." A short seasou longer we will appeal to the reason of those who seek to make us slaves ; but if the in d human desire of capitalists to add to their wealth by further oppression of labor continues, then force shall assert what reason and persuasion failed to bring about. This is all there is of it, and this is all there will be of it. A VALUABLE PICTURE.—Peter Funk seems to have stood behind the auctioneer when the Raphaels were offered for sale iu London a short time ago. Madonna with the Candelabra was placed on the easel, Mr. Woods remarked that for a work of such importance and high value it was not expected that many persons could compete, and that this was the only picture iu the sale upon which any reserve had been placed. He was, therefore instructed to offer it at 15,000 guineas. The naming of this large price was received with no small surprise, and the audience seemed to consider that this was a tolerably safe limit, beyond which there would be 110 further advance ; but after a pause, the auctioneer, as if looking at some bidder before him, said, "Fifteen thousand five hundred guineas." Another announcement was given of 16,000 guineas, amid a buzz of excitement, while several persons rose to find out where the bidding came from. It as not from the Director of the National for he was a placid and silent spectator ; and, though it was said that Mr. Agnew made a bid, nobody was able to discover where the advances came from. This state of wonderment continued while the auctioneer proceeded with perfect gravity to name prices, increasing by 500 guineas, till ne arrived at 19,000 guineas; when be quietly said, "The picture is not being sold gentlemen." Then, naming the last sum of 19,500 guineas, he dropped the hammer and said, " The picture is bought in, gentlemen." There was a general rising and burst of mingled disappointment and excitement, with a few hisses. reserve price was over 19,500 guineas. The logue to Raphael, was sold for 3000 guineas at one bid from Mr. Agnew, above which there was 110 advance. THE WOMEN'S HOTEL A FAILURE.—The hotel for womeu, which was opened in New York on April 1, is to be abandoned as a special home for women, and will soon become an hotel for all who desire to avail themselves of its facilities. Mrs. A. T. Stewart, it is stated, has made up her mind, after two months' experience, that the experiment is a failure. The new hotel will be opened early in June. Judge Hillton said : " Mrs. Stewart is very much grieved at the failure. She had expected great results from the enterprise; had taken a room for herself, and she had fondly hoped to spend the remainder of her days among those of her sex whom her husband's philanthropy had surrounded with all the comforts of lite. The women for whom this house wa6 built and furnished have patronised it liberally, and it has been run at a loss. Mrs. Stewart has therefore determined to end the experiment at once." In relation to the purposes to which the building is to be devoted hereafter, Mr. Hilton said : " The changes of structure essential are now going 011\. A smoking-room, billiard-room, barbershop, and saloon will be added. There are 3,700,000dol. invested in this hotel, on which the annual interest is 259,000dol. There are over 300,000dol. worth of choice oil paintings 011 the walls of the house. We cnuld have supported the plan with 500guests and with 1.000 it would have run along nicely. With all our efforts we ouly received fifty boarders out of 250 accepted applicants, and of those now in the hotel there are at least fifteen who do not earn a living, and are there merely i'or economy. An hotel on au extensive scale exclusively for women is an impossibility. Women want to associate with the other sex, and the restrictions imposed upon them in this house were so severe that many who would gladly have taken advantage ol" its benefits declined for that reason." Referring to the cost of the Women's Hotel, Mr. Hilton said that aside from the 259,000dol. annual interest on the cost, the annual expenses were 9000dol. for gas, 2000 dol. for water, and 22,000dol. for taxes. It has cost over 500dol. a day more than was received siuce the opening in April. It will cost 50,000 dol. to makethe necessary alterations to the house. It i6 understood that the present inmates can retain their rooms at the prices heretofore paid by them. The new hotel will be called the Stewart Hotel. It will be conducted on the present styleof the Metropolitan Hotel, and will continue under the management of Henry Clair, who as general manager of all the hotel property of the Stewart estate. 