NEWS AND NOTES This day’s events;—Meeting of Water Commission; meeting of Juvenile Exhibition committee; Geelong Races; meeting of Ballarat East branch of National Reform League, Hollander’s Factory, 8 p.m.; meeting of /Ballarat Club, 4 p.m. . The RES. Tanjora was ofi Glenelg at 3.40 on Thursday, afternoon. , , _ . ■ , JTo-daya! number of Ballarat spbrtsmenwill leave for/the annual meeting of the Qeelong Racing Ctiib. A'special train will leave Jaere. for Qeelong at 9.45 a.in., arriving at the Pivot - at 11.35 a.m.; and return tickets will be issued at return fares. Betting .on the' events here has been slack. Hurdle Race- Lord Harry, 2 '.tojil:.offered,: 3-to 1 wanted; Union Jack, 3 to 1 offered, 4 to 1 wanted. For the double, Hurdle Race and Steeplechaser- Union Jack and All Fours, 100 to 4 has been taken. It is still wanted, but 100 to 6 was the last price. The weather is rather hot, and the course will doubtless have a Durnt-up appearance, but the Qeelong meeting this year should be a success. The Gold Cup will' be contested by some of the finest horses in Australia.; : - On Thursday evening the chairman of the Water Commission turned bn'the Gong Gong Water intbthe pipes leading to LakelWehdouree, in order to the* roughly scour the new pipes. :. The water was allowed to i'rnh. until 5 o’clock - ; this morning, and.it ia to.be hoped that the scouring will take.away tha unpleasant odor so much complained of by many ; consumers. Wben.tha water was tnmed on the pressure .was-125 at the Water- office, which gradually fell to-100, .■ < , Thursday .was one of the moat oppressive - days of the present season,' and; the heat was intense., - ;la;the evening . the - atmosphere, was'almoat'Btifling, aiid-the sky. was- obscured - by the smoke of - bush-fires, the. .re flection of a large one being visible in the direction of .Smythesdafe. ' ", " /]/;;"; / : . . meeting of the Ballarat Woollen Company-was’ held on Thursday night, and a report of it will be found elsewhere; The proceedings were of a rather lively nature. , ; We understand" that -Major'. Smith has offered those of the-singing -and drawing masters,, dismissed from the servioa.of the State, who require it] to' give them other positions in the schools whilst' they pre pare themselves to pass the examinations for ordinary teaching certificates.■ -1 ’* An operation fof. ‘ contracted knee was lately made in the'case of" a young man named’James Cobkson at the .Hospital,, whose knee-cap was removed, and the contraction reduced,’ so that now he is able-to foot to the ground'and walk'with the assistance of -crutches, which- was impossible before the. operation. ; The fire on Wednesday, Ross’ Creek way, broke out at-Paynter’a Gully, and was confined to the young timber , and scrub thereabfiuts. It was burning all day on Thursday. n - r On Wednesday evening, the SOth ult., a meeting under the auspices of the Carngham Reform League was held in the Mechanics’lnstitute, Snake Valley; Mr Howitt in the chair. .Messrs Davies and Gannson, M]s.L.A.] were present. A letter from Mr Bird, :M.L A.j.wlib was invited.to attend, apologising for his absence, was rend and received in silence. Mr Davies and Mr A. M’Donell ; having addressed the meeting, the latter moved a vote of confidence in the Berry Ministry.!/ Mr Hawkins secondedit, which waa agreed ito.with. only three-dissentients, .several not voting. The BTon. Philipßuaaell Bpoke.neit.and.-thought "that the'dismiased ■ civil servants- ought 1 to have' had notice of their dismissal. He was always in" favorof pijfment bf members for the'Lower House,' bdtfnot the Upper; ■■ Mr Thomas Oddie, who . declared himself os always a liberal, and one born in the hetbed of liberalism, .wasppposed to having but one House, It would be a-' mistake to abolish the Upper'House, and it could not be done. Mr Gannson followed in a characteristic speech, quoting from Shakspeara 'and; several other ■poetsVbiit; curiously enough;- omitting Stitt Jenkins. Paymenfcof members was. the .“arch-stone of demo cracy,” and.thabraina of the members of the Upper House waa in inverse ratio to "their pockets. Mr- Philip Last moved a vote of thanks, to. Mr Davies for his' attendance,* and Mr' Sheehan paid a similar compli ment to the chairman, both of which were agreed to,! and the party adjourned to the Greyhound hotel to ■ “liquor-up,” Ac. a; ;t ;a; V..f ; Mr H. Hussey, a gentleman-from Adelaide, lectured ft6 a’fairly large l audience at the'Mecbanics’ Institute on Thursday;evening pn‘“ Nebuofiadnezzar’a Image,” haying relation' to l the warlike attitude of Europe. The. Jeotnrer-anatomised- the -image .thus;—“The’ golden head, the Assyrian empire; the silver breast' and arms, the . Medo-Persian; the brazen sides and thighs, the Grecian;' the iron'legs, the Roman empire 1 divided'between Valentinian and-Valenaj the mingled iron and clay feet and toes, ten kingdoms yet to be grouped round the Mediterranean Sea on the ruins of the Roman empire. -/The Western, kingdoms .will, in his opinion, be. Great Britain (from tier possessions at Gibraltar), Spain, 'France, Italy, and Austria; and the. Eastern, Greece; Turkey, Syria (ru'ed by a Hebrew!, -king- andtinhabited by a Hebrew.- nation), Egypt, and a kingdom yet to be formed in Algeria. To settle! these subdivisions there will be wars,'and among other matters Germany, he thinks, will have to cede . to. .France the, Rhenish - provinces. ~ A - f great - ruler. (Antichrist) will sway the sceptre of the ten' king doms, but on his attempting to conquer Jerusalem he ; ■jwillb.e destroyed by .Christ, who is to return to .earth; ‘and unite' all the kingdoms'of the earth in-a reign of peace. The lecture was attentively listened to, and frequently applauded.- - ■■/ 'Xu The shooting season: for quail commences to-day. Owing to the dry weather and the inflammable state; of the grass' and. herbage, sportsmen-.will have to he cautious and use patent wads only, otherwise there is danger to be:anticipated from their, operations, and ; farmers, generally will view their advent with great apprehensions. 1. 1- U f. /. 1. J t According to the Aye, Mr Gladstone sent a despatch; to a governor of South Australia many years ago, . declaring that governors were not liable to have their public acta brought-iinto queslionin a colonial/court. of law. This seems only to be reasonable, but it is certain that the governor, is responsible to the Home Government, by which he waa appointed, and, prob ably, to some of the-British courts of law. The -.question,is, no .doubfc. one of considerable .difficulty. What is v fhe penalty if'a 'monarchi' diarega'rds 'tlifl Bill ’of'Rights - A- 1 --- : -■ V. There waa a Ministerial demonstration at Stawell oh Wednesday, at which the usual one-sided speeches' /were made.-- Mr 1 Woods, . Mr-Longmore, and Mr- Patterson were present, and the only! thing'worthy of remark was said by the latter. He'is'repotted to : have spokeh' aa -follows:; —“He could say that the passage of the Payment of Members Bill or'of the' Appropriation Bill would not now settle the question.”'. \- It is stated on good authority that the redactions !in the'department of -the Postmaster-General will effect, a aaving oLabout £70,0(1 ]per'annum. ' 'CeL V,' 1 Fifty.-five-loads of produce],passed through the municipal 'weighbridge Vat ’'Smytßesdale"‘durib‘g the" month’of- January; . ii IV Mr.J. dCelaa]l’a well-knowni greyhound.dpg Bismarck died on Saturday-. last, having’ picked up some • poisoned ! meaf,near.' its owner’s residence,-' at Bunin* yong;. : - /•.. Mr Gaunt misfed a very important point in the •Warden’s Courts, at Ballarat and Buninyong on Thurs iday.l - -.This. was: that.as Mr Bartro[Vand \ dther gentle "meh-had beeff.-merely gazetted tta:?.warden! of: the goldfields,".and;not-qt;the,’goldfields .of any specified ■ district'or even countfy’.they were" hot; 1 wardens, under tha-aot r and.had..no,jurisdiotion., „Mt Bartrop had to adjourn Jboth F courts, might have the poiut- thb-:Crown' law-officials.- LA frfll report of the will-ba found in another.column. | Several jockeys in ,the]'empioyment' of {Mr Howie got playing]recently with a botHe bf 'girong ammonia (iliyuor.amawnii /orlisj,'sad one of-thOm (had a few drops flirted into his eye. - He has since suffered great! agopy.frpm'- inflamtnation, a very , purulent discharge taking place,--add but-for receiving; prompt medical attentibn-JSiigtit -'have ldstihis «ght.>ii Too much 'cate, cannot ba exercised in the-handling of chemicals. 1 At ' about ;12 p’clbck noo», on Thurs day, T'.the. glass;, showed; 93 -in --the shade, and waa the highest in; the - locality for. theiaeasbhirj | | At -Haddonv oh Wednesday,-^- 7 Chinese (sustaihed a sunstroke,: frbm .whioh he;did until evening, - and then’after a copious application of cold water] 'Aa elderly who spends much of her life in retirement, was lodged in the Eastern look-up on Thursday, charged with steal ing a' pair of boots from Mr Wm. Porter, Main street. On the way to the station she used very filthy language, and her passion waa so strong that she fell into an epileptic fit. She will be-dealt with at the Town Court this morning. The Hon. J. F. Belcher, ML.C., had a narrow escape from being bitten by a blaoh eneke on Tues? day at Jus residence, Kensington, where the recW had ensconced itself, on the kitchen window ijj' 1 lfc u Belohet’a attention harimt been drawn toil’ hnwlobme ihtruder] he strhek' at it with a walkb,- -stick,; whetr .the -creature’s head'passed within' afei‘ inches . of'. the.. hoh. gentleman’s face, but a hlow speedily ended its life. - - ecoa » One Peter. Yanaon';walked into Mr Yates’ A ; Bridge r street, "on Wednesday night, and used m J indecent language. He was arrested and lodged?' ‘ the_Eastern - lock-up, and will be dealt with at I? Town Court’this'.'morningl.'V.-.'.. ; 1 ■- Tha man . Conroy, whq a.weU-merited gen tehob' of'"four"^mbhths’V^imprisonment for a violent assault on tha .trooper at Cape Clear,;was convevJ to the Ballarat gaol on £ Thursday.. His wife paid th fine.j Dr Hoskins,and not Mr Pender, with Ur Webb* wera;the presiding justices. 1 That ,jmpndent ; person .johh Keys, who has da. played-such-baae-ingratitude toward the Benevolent Asylurn kuthorities, was ’charged at the Town Court on. Thursday-as a.vagrant, and.sentenced to twelve months’ imprisonment." -;The ordinary monthly meeting,of the committee of the BMUrat Agricultural and-Pastoral Society »ai bo held on Saturday, at Craig’s Royal hotel, Ballarat at-11- o’clock-a.m. Business—Finance and other matters. Mr MTvor will lecture in the Ballaratahm.' hall • Learmonth, on Monday next, at 3.30 p.m on “Colonial manures' and their application." ’ a Return of produce received at Ballarat railway station-.for the week, ending 31at January 1878- ’ Wheat, 2129;'flour, 1332; barley, 154; potatoes 6(P bran, Ac., 282; total," 3947 bags. Return of agricuh tural produce.forwarded from Ballarat for week end" ing 31st January, 1878:—Flour, 591; bran and pel lard,l7; barley and malt, 41; oats, 205; wheat, 216- peas,'64; potatoes, '6l; onions, 9; total, 1204 bags. ’ A prospecting party of some five or sis persons proceeded from Qeelong on Wednesday (says the Advertiser J to Woodbum Creek, situated about font miles from Meredith, where they believe there is a good payable goldfield. V , We learn by telegram that Messrs Fishburn and Morton. the contractors, laid the connecting rail of the Gippaland railway on Thursday, two months before contract time; A destructive fire occurred at Eurambeen, beyond Beaufort, on Tuesday night, when a hotel belonging to Matthew Kelly was totally destroyed, the loss being estimated at £350, of which only £130 was insured. It appears that a candle being left too near some win dow-curtains, which caught fire, was the cause of the conflagration, during which a barn filled with grain had a narrow escape from being consumed. Miss Ada Ward, on the occasion of her last ap- pearance but one in Christchurch, made a fierce attack upon a section of the Christchurch Press for the manner in which she had been “systematically and merilessly cut up.” She concluded by observing she then looked upon them for the last time but one as an actress, but it was extremely probable that in a few months she would return to them and settle down in Christchurch permanently. Twenty thousand salmon have been liberated in the Waimakariri and'Rakaia Rivers, Canterbury, N.Z, Thursday’s Herald says :—ln reference to a rumor which has been freely circulated, to the effect that the employees on the Government railways had re. ceived an increase of wages, it has been ascertained that the rise was confined to some sixteen or eighteen men employed in the goods sheds at Spencer street whose work of late has become heavier in consequence of changes in the internal administration of the de- partment. These men have been allowed a shilling a day extra.” The Crown is about to prefer another charge of embezzlement against Jenkins, late stationmaster at Blaine (says the Geelong Advertiser). The case will be heard in the police court in a few days, when Jenkins will be produced on a writ of habeas corpus, and arraigned for appropriating post-office orders for £40. Jenkins is at present awaiting trial on two other charges. The Telegraph says:—“ The Ministry is so elated at the enthusiastic rowdyism of their supporters, es- pecially as exhibited at. St.Patrick’s-hall and Sand- hurst, that it will not be at all surprising if the As- sembly is prorogued next week, with the intention of an immediate dissolution. All the proceedings and talk of the Government point to the probability of such a coup. And if this be done, as we have every reason to believe is intended, suddenly and secretly, it is anticipated the Opposition, will be taken by such sur- prise that several seats, may be gained by the party that has the choice of time in its own hands. It must be remembered that a general election can, under the present Electoral Act, be completed in about ten days —a very short time indeed for men who are entirely unprepared for it. This information may be scouted by the Ministerial Press, but the authority on which wa give it will justify the public in regarding it as an authentic indication of the present intentions of the Ministry. Arrangements are being made to oppose the Opposition members whose seats are considered uncertain, and if suitable candidates can be obtained, the Government will contest every constituency now represented by an opposition member.” A Birregurra telegram in the Geelong Times states that “a man named William Smith, alias William Bruntliff, an old resident, met with a frightful death on Thursday morning. He was feeding at a threshing machine, and was slightly under the influence of drink. The machine was running at a high speed, and just as he was in the act of placing a sheaf of wheat into the receptacle, he tripped and fell head- long into the machinery. He was frightfully mangled, and after some delay, and with considerable difficulty, was extricated. There are no magistrates in the township, and the enquiry cannot be held, until Friday.” We learn from the Herald that at Castlemaine on Wednesday a melancholy accident occurred, resulting in the death by drowning of Mr Elphinstone, the schoolmaster at Sutton Grange, a gentleman aged thirty six years, who was very much respected by all who knew him. About 5 o’clock in the afternoon Mr Elphinstone, in accordance with his usual custom during the hot weather, went to bathe in a deep waterhole not far from his residence. As he did not return to tea, a servant was sent in search for him. The servant found his clothes on the bank of the waterhole, and at once took them back to the house and gave the alarm, there being very little doubt but that a fatality had occurred. A search was at once instituted, and the waterhole was dragged. At 11 o'clock at night the body was recovered from the water. How Mr Elphinstone came to be drowned is a mystery, as he was a splendid swimmer, and had bathed in the same hole fifty times before. The water was far too warm to induce cramp, and it is surmised that the deceased must have received a sun stroke while in the water. Mr Elphinstone, who was very much respected, leaves a wife and four children. An inquest is to be held. The Geelong Times says;—“ We all read that Mr Balfour got a good hearing at Brighton. But every body doesn’t know how fair-play was secured to him. There was a good sprinkling of the rowdy Berry element present, and in the early part of the pro- ceedings the roughs began to howl. But the means adopted silenced them thoroughly. Mr W. Camp- bell was present. He is a man of gigantic stature, and with a spirit in proportion. He arose in the body of the meeting. 'I am determined,' he cried aloud, to see fair-play, and to support the chair. The first man who howls I will throw out. Are there men here to support me.' Between twenty and thirty stalwart fellows rose around him and expressed their determination to aid him. From this time quiet ness was secured and the meeting went on." A Herald telegram states that a severe accident happened at Sandhurst on Thursday to one of the employees at Cooper and Bailey’s circus. A man engaged in striking the tent was taking down a paraffin lamp from a pole in the tent, when by some .means the lamp capsized, setting fire to the man's clothes. He ran about the place in a state of great excitement. Several of the other employees ran after him, and eventually succeeded in putting out the fire, but not before the poor fellow was severely burned about the arms. Oil was rubbed over him, and he was able to proceed with the company to Inglewood during the night,. We (Telegraph) understand that the advisability of introducing a bill to reform the Legislative Council has been under the serious consideration of a large number of the members of that Chamber. The exact nature of the measure has not, of course, been agreed to, but we believe the predominant opinion of hon. mem- bers is that they should undertake the work of re- forming their own Chamber themselves, and it is probable that action will be taken in the matter with out delay. It will be remembered that we suggested this course some weeks since, and we are still of the opinion that it would be the most judicious one the Council could adopt. Hon. members have had time to give it full consideration, and we are glad to learn that they are likely to agree with us on such an im- portant question. The following letter has been telegraphed to us (Argus) from Adelaide:—“ Sir, —No man more than myself regrets having signed a document forwarded to Chief Secretary Berry, of Melbourne, sympathising with him in the present state of political anarchy. I signed in the hurry of business, and without reading so carefully and thoughtfully as I should have done had time permitted. Otherwise it would never have had the signature of yours, Joseph Allen, Adelaide." An Argus telegram, dated Sale, Wednesday, says “At a public meeting held this afternoon it was resolved that the mayor should communicate with the Minister of Railways as to the truth of the statement made that free tickets will not be granted on the occasion of the opening of the Gippsland line, and that persons wishing to attend the demonstration will have to pay for their tickets in the usual way, and to intimate that if such be the case there will be no demonstration to be present at." It has been decided by the Railway Department says the Colac Times) that the evening train shall leave Colac at 5.50 p.m., instead of 6 p.m. as at pre- sent. This arrangement will take effect on and after to-morrow. Thursday’s Colac Times states;—" The Minister of Railways has had submitted to him a scheme to lay down an electric rail on the permanent way, which is to keep the driver in communication with all parts of the line." An inspection of the Prince of Wales’ Volunteer Light Horse was made at the Royal Park on Thurs- day afternoon by Major Caleb Anderson. A sword competition was held, in which the first prize was a handsome dress sword, and the second a gold locket. The successful competitors were—lst, Trooper Orr; 2nd Trooper Jenkins; 3rd, Sergeant Irving; 4th, Sergeant Clark.. The parade was the largest held here for some time, and the men went through their work in a most creditable manner. Several spills occurred, but no one was hurt seriously. Major Anderson at the close of the parade, about 8 o’clock, complimented the members of the troop upon their efficiency. In Wednesday’s Police Gazette it is notified that, by direction of his Excellency the Governor in Council a superannuation deduction. at the rate of 2½ per cent., will be made from all police salaries and wages during the year 1878. Mr J. G. Lennox announces that he will give a course of twenty-five lessons in singing or vocal music at the Mechanics', commencing on Monday evening next A meeting of the Scarsdale Reform League will be held in the Town-hall this (Friday) evening. The following will represent the City C.C. first eleven in the match with the Ballarat C. C.,to be played next Saturday:—Coulsell, Philp, Richardson, Pateman, Pobjoy, Veitch, R. Bell, Morey, Ditchburn, Cleverley, Ware. The annual cricket match between the tailors of Ballarat East and West takes place on Monday next at the Eastern Oval. 