ITEMS OF NEWS. . IVs rorainil our readers ' of the leoturb to be delivered in the Meohanios', Institute, this even ing, by Mr Hughes, O.T., on Reason and In stinct. a Bubi'ect whioh has engaged the research of many acute observers of nature, and which has given rise and scope to much speculative thought. 1 / -A magisterial inquiry ; waa held yesterday; by : Mr Ounnack, J. P.. on the: child that died at Phinaman's Oreek on Wednesday. _ The cauae of death was attributed to ooavulBions, super vening from teething. . : At the annual meeting of the Hospital, held yesterday, Mr Pearce, a- very diligent attender of the meetings and the duties of HouBe'Ooin- inittee, .was - elected president ; the Mayor and MrRowe vice-presideots. At the Benevolent Asylum ' meeting Mr H. O. Rows was eleoted president; the Mayor and Mr Courtney vice- presidents. The undermentioned persons are requested to call at the Rsoeipt and Pay' office for settlement .'of- their accounts : — H. Arohdall, T. L. Brown,' J. E. N. Bull (2), J. Cripps. Corbet and Telfer, Castlemaine Gas Company, N. Evans, J. Flybn, W. Graham, J. B. Henderson;- J.! Hutchison,' G. Merrifield, G. T. M 'Donald, R. M. Richards, Thompson and Co., E. T. -.Tronaonf-and J. Walmsley. .. r .- >': ,:'.- The heat was felt to be very severe on Wed nesday, when the thermometer registered 99deg. in the shade, but it was quite undone on yester day. At three o'clock the thermometer reached 107deg., and at five, o'clock 108½deg. at Mr Farroll's, in the shade. In the afternoon, and during the night the hills around the town were obscured by smoke proceeding from bush-fires, and up towards Chewton the smoke was so dense about sundown that large objects at a distance of 500 yards could be but dimly discerned. Several cases of sunstroke have occurred. A letter was read at the Chewton Borough Council last night from the secretary of the Benevolent Asylum, which showed that there were twenty-four recipients of relief from the Ladies' Committee residing in Chewton, and 9 more in the neighbourhood. At a former meet ing the councillors expressed their opinion that there could scarcely be any one in the borough receiving aid, but that delusion is now in the way of being dispelled. The Council had been reserved in giving aid to the Ladies' Committee, but their penurious contribution on behalf of. the charity from which so much was received by residents of the borough, was apparently due to a misapprehension. The Mayor recognised the omission, and mentioned at the meeting last night that next year, when they contribute to the Asylum, they must give a more adequate amount than they had hitherto done, if it be came necessary even to restrict the amount of their donations to Melbourne charities. Several large bush-fires have been raging around Smythesdale and Buninyong for the past few days, and considerable quantities of fencing and grass have been destroyed. Bush fires were raging on Wednesday on the stations of Messrs James Strachan, W. J. Austin and A. Dennis, between Colac and Birreguara. The fires (says the Geelong Advertiser) burnt right up to the main road, and some, of the tele graph poles were in flames. Labourers were in great demand, the owners of the properties on fire offering men LI each to lend a hand to beat out the flames. An accident occurred on the railway line, Gee long on Wednesday evening, at the station. A pilot-engine used for shunting ran into the train from Melbourne, throwing the guard's van off the rails and smashing the Post-office van. The buffer's of the two vans and the engine were broken and bent, and about L20 worth of damage done. The mailman and guard were injured by the collision, and a number of passengers knocked about, but not seriously hurt. A peculiar case was recently tried at the Wal halla Police Court, when Mr Superintendent Kabat, inspector of distilleries, prosecuted. Mr Lewis Loan, under the 136th section of the Excise Act, which disallows a brewery within a 100 yards of a wholesale or retail spirit licence. A fine of L30 was inflicted, which the Bench said they would recommend the department to remit.. Mr Kabat at the same time saying he would support the recommendation. The case (remarks the Walhalla Chronicle, January 5), is one not only of a singular character, but per haps has never before been tried in the colony, and to make it more severe on the defendant, he held a revenue licence, which he never brewed under. The Melbourne correspondent of the Warr nambool Guardian says : — Old Skinflint, the Jewish usurer, met with a remarkable adven ture the other day. A man came into his office and asked for the loan of L100 on his furniture. Very good, replied the Jew, and everything, having been satisfactorily arranged, the bor rower got bis L70 out of the hundred and de parted. So far, well ; but next day Skinflint found that he had lent money on the furniture of a friend, the artful rogue actually showing it as his own. He knew the real owner, and got his permission to show the furniture, as it was for sale, and now there is an infuriated Jew in \- — - — street, who wants to know where a gentle manly and well-spoken rogue is to be found, and when friends tell him he took his passage to New Caledonia, perhaps he is not mad. Regarding the auriferous specimens recently brought from New Guinea, the Sydney Echo of Monday says : — "The sand and quartz from New Guinea, on view at Messrs Mason Brothers,' are attracting considerable attention. Some hundreds of persons visited their establishment on Saturday and to-day. The black sand shows the gold clearly as stated by Mr Wilkinson, the Government geologist. Professor Watt confirms this report, and recommends that the sand should be tested with a view to the discovery of other minerals. An assay will perhaps be made in the course of a few days. The mundic and quartz, it is said, are also believed to contain gold. Among those who have inspected the specimens are many old miners, who express themselves favourably of their probable richness in the precious metal ; and some of them state their intention of proceeding to New Guinea to pursue their fortunes. We can only repeat the warning of the Rev. Mr Lawes in reference to the unhealthiness of the climate of this compara tively unknown land, and at the same time call attention to the opinion of Mr Wilkinson, our Government geologist, to the effect that there is no reason to expect that richer deposits will be found there than are indicated by the auriferous formations in New South Wales." The heat and smoke on Tuesday (says the Ballarat Star) obscured the sky at sundown, and for some time hid one of the prettiest astro nomical facts extant just now. This is the near conjunction of the crescent moon and the planet Venus in the western sky, both setting nearly together. Venus seen with a telesoope is also a crescent now, but to the naked eye is a full bright orb, setting about 9 a.m. On Monday, when the sky was clear, both the moon and Venus were plainly visible all day, crossing the meridian about half-past 2 p.m., Venus a short distance east of the moon. The moon has since travelled east of Venus, and the distance be tween the two planets will grow rapidly. The Bendigo Advertiser Huntly correspon dent, writing on Wednesday night, says. "I have just heard of a serious loss sustained by a Mr John Cooper, of Tandara, through, as I am informed, one of the men employed at the thresh ing machine leaving a box of matches lying near the straw-stack. Mr Cooper had just finished threshing, and had obtained the fine yield of 238 bags of wheat from 48 acres. On Tuesday morning, as his brother was getting up to go to Work he heard the cattle walking round the straw-stack, and it is imagined that one of them trod on the box of matches, and that they ignited. In a very short time the whole of the straw-stack was in flames, and under it had been stacked 77 bags of wheat which were en tirely destroyed. It was only that he had not had time to stack the whole of the wheat, or the remaining 161 bags would have been lost also." The inquiry into the complaints made against Mr Ogier was resumed on Wednesday at Dunolly before the board, which consisted of Mr McBain, M.L.A., chairman ; Mr Colles, sheriff of Castlemaine ; and Mr Heron, P.M. The evidence as to one of the charges was finished, and two witnesses were examined as to another case, when, shortly before 1 o'clock, the board adjourned for lunch. The Melbourne papers were received during the interval containing the notification that the services of police magis trates had been dispensed with. Mr MacBain, thereupon decided to adjourn the proceedings, and he told the persons in court that there was no use going any further, as Mr Ogier was in cluded with the others dismissed, but that he considered the action of the Government arbi trary and unjust, and would refuse to do any thing more to assist the Government. The pro ceedings, says the Argus, were then adjourned indefinitely. A sample of the helmets which have just been adopted in the British army is (says the Argus) on view at Messrs. Robertson and Moffat's, Bourke-street. It is a very pretty shape, much handsomer than those in use by the police force or the Volunteer cavalry. It has a neat bronze spike and ornament on top, and from this fact, and also that it is of black cloth, it is evidently intended for the Rifle Brigade, and would, therefore suit the - Ballarat volunteers. It is very light and graceful in appearance, and is an immense improvement on the "shako " which is now used. A recent number of the White hall review in referring to this subject has the following " The new helmet for the English infantry is certainly the most becoming and the most soldier-like, head-dress, as well as the most comfortable fitting and easy to wear, that has ever been issued to the English army. Twenty men belonging to one of the regiments at Aldershot were paraded the other day in full marching order, and wearing the helmet. Their appearance was so superior to that of soldiers wearing the shakos as it is possible to imagine. The shape of the head-dress as finally decided upon is almost exactly that of the white helmet worn by our troop's in India. There is nothing of the German cut about it. It will stand a good bit of knocking about and protect the wearer's neck most completely from the rain." If this helmet is adopted in the Vic torian volunteer force, of course, the white one, as in use in India, will be adopted. 