TOWN TALK. The hon. the Minister of Mines and Education went to Winchelsea by last night's train, and, will spend a few' days in.the popular and romantic watering place "of Loutit Bay.- • He will not he hack in his departments' before Tuesday next." Mr Geo. Enchant, M.L.A. for Ballarat West, accom- I panied' the lion.. Major Smith on his trip to I the coast. . At the meeting of the.Winchelsea Shire Council, yesterday, Cr. J. K. Hopkins stated that for some time he had not been rated for some hundreds of acres of land which he owned. He attributed this to the negligence of the valuers, whom, he said, had never asked to see his plans when making their rounds. He pointed out that if such was the case with reference to his estate, the natural conclusion to be arrived at was that there were others who were not paying rates for land which they possessed or rented. The statement made by Cr. Hopkins seemed to surprise the other members of the Board, and it"was Tesolved that the attention of the ] gentleman appointed as valuer for next year | ' should be called to the matter. " A very severe accident happened yester-, I day afternoon, about 5 o'clock, to a lad named Walter Stephen Daniel, aged fifteen years, son of Mr Thomas Daniel, of Myers street. He was out riding on an entire pony, Tom Thumb, the property of Mr J. H. Connor, along- with one of Mr Connor's sons. When galloping round a corner , of , a lane leading from the Queenscliffc to the Portarlington roads, near Mr Matthews' premises, the pony | stumbled on the metal and fell heavily. Young Daniel was thrown with great vio lence to the ground, breaking his nose, and 1 sustaining a severe but not dangerous cut on the forehead, a'wrench to one of his ankles, and sundry bruises about the body. The | poor lad was picked up in an almost insensi ble state; and at once conveyed to the Hos pital, where his wouhds were promptly at tended to by Dr. Scott. He would not re main in the Hospital, although advised to do so,-by the Besident Surgeon, and he was "accordingly taken to his father's residence. The skeleton of' a human being, found in I the sand at Bream Creek, was brought into | Geelorig yesterday. Several medical, gentle men who examined the skull are confident, from the general appearance of it, that it is | the skull of an aboriginal.. 'v. Something like an irritant must have im pregnated- the atmosphere at the Police Court on Friday, for there was an endless bickering between the Superintendent of Police and Messrs M'Cormick and Lees, the solicitors engaged in defending a couple of prisoners.-' The magistrates were repeatedly appealed to, and order at the bar had to be enforced. An angry sceDe nearly resulted in some fnn for the loungers at the Court -house, and much interest was centred in the "squabble. Mr Lees was engaged cross examining the prosecutor, who was treated | by the Superintendent as an adverse witness, when Mr Furnell stated that the solicitor was putting answers into the witness' mouth. The charge was indignantly denied by Mr Lees, who affirmed that the Superintendent had endea vored to make the most of a bad case. Mr Furnell, in turn, pointed out that the evi dence all tended to implicate the prisoners in a charge of assault and robbery, and that Mr Lees, by making answers for the wit ness, was misleading the Court. Mr Lees characterised this assertion as the essehce of bad taste, and turning with anger upon the Superintendent, told him that he would not allow him or any other person to persist in "making such an untruthful statement. The affair began to assume a very lively aspect, When the Bench interfered, and hoped that the gentlemen at the bar would not quarrel among themselves, and the scene termi nated. :• At five o'clock yesterday morning a terrific 'southerly gale swept over the town, raisin" clouds of dust. It did not last long, and the day was delightfully cool, a very great contrast to the weather of the previous day. In the forenoon rain threatened, but the I dark clouds drifted away, and the sky re mained quite clear. The number of persons who visit Lome continues to be very large. Two coaches arrived in Winchelsea last evening laden with returning excursionists. Those who returned yesterday from the seaside were residents of Ballarat and Daylesford, all of whom appeared to have heartily enjoyed their brief stay at Lorne. On Wednesday night, or early on Thurs day morning, Mr Opie's offico at the hay I market wa3 broken into, and the drawers of the desk ransacked and various papers dili gently examined. The thief or thieves; peared to have been in search of money, hut | none was obtained, as the lessee of the mar ket takes good care not to leave any cash in the office over night. Entrance to the place | was eflected by smashing a pane of glass im- i mediately over the brass " catch" which fastens the window on the inside. As soon as this was done the thief drew back the ' catch with his hand, lifted up the window and obtained free access to the office. The clipper barque Queen Emma arrived at the Yarra-street wharf yesterday mornin". Captain Le Seven reports having left Yew castle on 31st ult. and immediately falling in with head gales from the south-cast" varying to south- west, accompanied with heavy seas up to the Dromedary, and from thence light variable winds and fine weather | up to Port Phillip Heads, where she arrived on Thursday at 10 p.m. It may be interest ing to some of our readers, as showing the regularity with which the little barque has kept up her average, and as showing the amount of hard work she has accomplished to give an account of her performances! Commencing on 1st December, 1S75, and continuing up to 14th inst., to allow for dis charge of her present cargo, this vessel has completed twenty-seven round voyages, and this gives an average of 2SJ days per voyage. During these 775 days the vessel was ten times in Sydney with cargo, and 25 times in Newcastle; and in this average of 2SJ days, not only are the Sydney I trips included, but all delays from holidays, bad weather, loading and discharging in ward and outward cargoes, docking for repairs) etc. Captain Le Neveu took com mand on 4th February, and completes his twelfth voyage on Monday next, which ^ives him an average of 28J days per voyage, dur .which he was three times in Sydney and twelve rimes in Newcastle. Captain Curry, who preceded Captain Le Nevec, performed his last 12 voyages in 347 days, giving an | average of 28 11-12th. days per voyage. During that time Captain Curry, in the | Queen Emma, was five time3 in Syd ney and eleven times in Newcastle. It will thus be seen that the performances of I the' barque under the two commands lias been almost exactly equal; and the repu tation of the Queen Emma has in no way waned. We are credibly informed that this | continued average has never been beaten, and taking the doubling of the ports into consideration, is the fastest thing on record. There is some talk of her owners, Messrs I Huddart, Parker and Co., offering the | Queen Emma for charter for the New Guinea expedition, for which she is pecu liarly adapted. We understand that Mr Thomas Hawkes will, with his family, take a trip to England, leaving by the steamship Kent, which is advertised to sail for London via the Suez | Canal on the 2nd February. A petition from the inhabitants of Lome, presented to the Winchelsea Council yester day, was rather unceremoniously dealt with. The residents of that popular watering place sent a number of resolutions passed in public meeting assembled, praying the Council to carry out a number of works, and to assist them in getting the Government to construct a jetty near the township. The Council evi dently considered the Lome folks wanted too much, as the petition was summarily dealt with by being ordered to be laid on the table. Cr. J. R. Hopkins, who was instrumental in the shelving of the petition, stated that the amount expended in making the road to Loutit Bay and in other works about Lome, had more than swallowed up the amount re ceived in rates, and he said that money had been expended there, whilst other portions of the Biding had been neglected. The magistrates at the Police Conrt, yes terday, sat from 10 a.m. until 1.20. p.m., listening to the evidence adduced in two cases, in which two youths named James Fleming and Robert Emond, residents of Newtown, were charged with having da maged property belonging to a Mrs Oliver, residing in George-street, and with having assaulted and robbed a man named John Loughlin. The alleged offences were com mitted on Boxing Night, and the evidence was ot such a contradictory character that perjury must have been committed on one side or the other. One witness named Edwin Gil lingham, in the case of damage to property, identified the prisoners as having been the ringleaders in a gang of boys who broke the fences around Mrs Oliver's premises ; but in the assault and robbery case the prosecutor gave very doubtful testimony, and the Su perintendent of Police had to treat him as a hostile witness. An alibi was set up, and several witnesses swore that the priso ners had been in their company until after the time of the alleged offences, and conld not possibly have been the guilty parties. It was after hearing the assault and robbery charge that the case.of damage to property was .de cided, the prisoners being fined £2 each and ordered to pay 103 damages each. On the more serious charge the prisoners were committed for trial at the Assize Court to be held on the 22nd February. When the wit nesses were being bound over to appear against the prisoners, Mr Gillingham had occasion to pass Fleming, who leaned over and whispered something into his ear. Gil lingham immediately informed the Bench that Fleming had threatened him by saying, " You can look out when I get out of-this." Fleming denied that he had said anything to Gillingham, and the Mayor, disbelieving the Crown witness, said that if the Bench thought that Fleming had made use of such a threat they wdnld not admit him to bail. Heavy bail was required. . ; Owing to the long-eontinned drought, the owners of orchards and gardens in the neigh borhood of Ararat are suffering great loss from ; the depredations of parrots. Every green thing being dried up in the busk, the frait trees are attacked by immense flocks of these, .'birds. In some gardens (says the Advertiser) the early pears have been en ; tirely cleared awayt and_agples are fast fol lowing in.th^ai^-diTOtithK. The birds are so,5»iHeronh that "tfiey; dispute posses sion of >the. Orchard with tke-]jMul»owner, though-'he walks about tke'.grofmds from morning.till night, aud^asSerisSiis right by a vakM^em^iwFflffmsii p&Wder; and shot. A wdmaij-nnmejl-Mary Heiam, a resident of Germantown, accidentally ran a needle through her left hand yesterday, which necessitated her attendance at the Hos pital, where the needle was removed and the wound properly dressed. The . ancient bushman, Thomas Coatcs, who when slightly under the influence of | strong liquors the other evening placed him- I self, across the. rails on the Colac railway line, was again brought before the Police' Court yesterday, and charged with having' trespassed on the railway. Coat'es has had time to get sober, and as he promised to be more careful in the future in his choice of sleeping accommodation he was discharged with a caution. William Bell, the laborer who was so severely injured by an accident at the paper mills at Fyansford a few days ago, is re ported by the Hospital authorities to be pro gressing towards recovery. When the wooden seats on the Eastern and Western Beaches became worn out and useless, it was thought that the Town Cor poration would supply the loss with equally good seats. It is true iron seats have been placed on the beaches named, but they are the most uncomfortable things that any man could devise and construct. They have been compared to gridirons, and' really the comparison is not in any way exag gerated. The seats are narrow, and the gridiron bars are altogether most irksome to sit down on.- Besides that the scats are placed around the trunks of trees, and per sons making use of them for resting on can- I not indulge in a social conversation without j it being painfully apparent that the accom modation provided for promenaders is conducive to' anything but gracefulness I and comfort. Visitors from Melbourne and I other places have already commenced to poke fun at the municipal authorities with ' respect to the accommodation provided. There was a reflection of a large fire in | the direction of Germantown, last evening. It was conjectured that the fire arose from | the burning of several heap3 of stubble. The meeting in connection with the Week of Prayer was held in the Aberdeen- street Baptist Church last evening. The Church was well filled, aud the service was a most impressive one. TheKev. T. M'K. Fraser gave an address on " Prayer for Christian Missions to the Jews and Gentiles," which was very interesting, several encouraging facts respecting the progress of missions in India, which came under the notice of the rev. gentleman whilst ministering in India, being given. The llev. W. C. Bun- | ning preached, and prayers were offered up by several of those present. The first prayer | meeting in connection with this series of im pressive services will be held in the Wes leyan Church, Noble-street, Ckilwell, this evening, when an address will be given by Mr Thomas Peters. On Monday evening a united communion service will be held in St. George's Church. Members will be able to obtain the usual tokens from the office bearers of their respective churches to morrow. The Town Council will meet on Monday evening. The Finance Committee's report I recommends the payment of accounts amounting to £975 lis 3d, and the Works Committee recommend the opening of the Market Squaro Gardens. Tbe Council will also be asked to fix a day for beating the j Corporation bounds, a triennial jaunt of the councillors. We have received the Australasian Insur- ance and Banking Record for this month. The annual meeting of the members o[ the Geelong and 'Western. District St, Patrick's Society will be held in St. Mary'j schoolroom on Tuesday evening, at half-j)ast seven o'clock. The following new insolvency schedule was filed with the registrar yesterday after- noon :—Elijah Hellings, blacksmith, Ryrie- street, Geelong. Cause of insolvency — Pressure of a creditor. Liabilities, £65 1s 10d ; assets, £20 ; deficiency, £45 1s 10d. Mr Link, of the Swanston-street State School, desires us to correct a statement which appeared in our issue of the 25th ultimo, to the effect that only one of his pupils had passed the Civil Service Ex amination. In reality three of his pupils passed this examination, viz., Miss Catherine Hanson, Albert Derrick (with W ia geo. graphy), and Charles Dixon. Miss Hanson also passed the Matriculation Examination in seven subjects—Latin, French, English , Arithmetic, Algebra, Enclid (with \Y) and Geography. In response to a requisition of the inha. bitants of Lancefield, the president of the shire has convened a public meeting for Friday night to discuss the proceedings of the Ministry. The Argus is informed that a statement recently made, that the Government are dis satisfied with the land-tax classifiers ii incorrect. The Tongan King, George, has lately pre. sentedtwo large canoes to Fiji, one toTtd Baa, and the other to Tui Cakau. A carter named John Rich was accidentally killed at Yau Yean on Tuesday. He was driving a team of three horses, when by some means he fell and the wheel of the dray passed over his body, inflicting fo. teraal injuries of so serious a nature that death resulted almost immediately. At a meeting of tho Council of the Na tional Reform League on Thursday evening it was resolved to hold a monster meeting in Melbourne, to strengthen the hands of the Government, as soon as possible after the Chief Secretary's address to tho electors of Geelong. The hon. the Minister of Education and Mines wiU address the electors of Ballarat on the subject of the political crisis a few daya after the Premier has addressed his con stituents in Geelong on the 21st inst. A public meeting- in reference to the crisis is to be held at Ararat on Friday, the ISth inst., when the member for the district, Mr Gaunson, and other mem bers of tho Assembly are expected to speak. The heat in Ballarat on Thursday was in tense, the maximum, as recorded at the local survey office, being 114deg. Fah. in the shade, between 12 and 3 o'clock. At the latter hour the thermometer stood at lOodeg., and half an hour later fell to 09deg., this being caused by a light cool easterly wind. A shocking accident occurred at Weddet hurn on Thursday (says the Telegraph), re suiting in .the death of "two women named Eliza Allen, daughter of a fanner, and Mrs Levey, a selector. They had driven into a: dam to water the horse, when the vehicle capsized, plunging them into deep water, where they were drowned. '* The train from Portland on Thursday (says the Ballarat Courier) passed between about lo miles of bush-fires, which raged on either side of the line, and the heat in the car riages wa3 so intense and suffocating that two or three ladies fainted. A great many of the passengers, however, were provided with bottles of water, and these ameliorated their condition somewhat. The London correspondent of tho Argus telegraphs on. the 9 fch instant as follows:— . "tiThe.-Turkish Council ha3 agreed to. the. conditions of an armistice, and they were ratified by the Saltan to-day. The Foreign Minister (Edheul Pasha) in addressing the Chamber yesterday declared that Turkey was isolated, and had no hope of European alliances. The Chamber declared the expo sition of the Ministerial policy satisfactory." The correspondent of the Age writes on the same date Turkey has concluded, an armistice direct with Russia, without the in Lterference of the 'other powers, although Itkey- were appealed to" in the tot in stance.' ' The English Government expects to be consulted before the terms of peace ate agreed upon. The period of the armistice will be spent in the consideration of peace proposals." The Geelong Artillery Band will play the following musical selections in the Botanical Gardens this afternoon, from 3 o'clock, until 5 o'clock:— Quick March — "Don't Make a Noise"— Metcalfe. Overture—" Colleen Bawn"—Thos. Baker. Valse—"Songs of the Season"—Coote. Grand Fantasia—" The Transformation"— Lee. Quadrille—-"Belle Mahone"—Metcalfe. Selection—"Various"—Walker. Valse—" Princess Alexandra"—Desblin. Galop—" The Sprite"—Carl Faust. 