! ITEMS OF NEWS. ; The Ri.MiS. Tqnjoreleft King George's (Sound 'for Adelaide at 4 p.m., on Sunday. , She may jbe expected at Adelaide on Thursday mqrning, r land ip; Melbourne on Saturday next. I At thc Police Court yesterday, James M'0or-: imick was fined 40s, in default 7 days' imprison- :men(, for insulting behaviour in a publio place, (with intent to provoke a breach of the peace. '. At the annual meeting of members of the Me- iohanics' Institute, to . be held this evening, the repprf of proceedings for the past year will be siibmitted. Office-bearers have to be ohosen for the ensuing year, also half of the members com posing the committee. ' Cooper, Bailey, and Oo.'s menagerie, aqua rium and cirous, occupying altogether 45 car riages and requiring tKree engines to convey the " gr cafes t show On earth," passed through Oas- .tlemaine at an early honr this morning from Kyneton en route to Sandhurst. I Thq Ohief Secretary passed through Oastle- maine on Saturday "night on his way from Ararat to Melbourne, but as no ope knew he was coming, there were no preparations to give him a reception ; however, his afriyal beqamc known to people atthc station, who gave him three cheers. The undermentioned persons are requested to call, at the Receipt and Pay office for settlement of their account's W. Armstrong, R.Blair, :W. A. Blinkhorn, Oastlemaine -Hospital, -R. Gnrlej A. Draper, G. Farroll, J. Fcaroh, "W. .Graham, J. Kyd, J. Datnb, A. M'Macking, G. :T. M'Donald, W. M'Gibbon, W. R. M'Greyor, W. H. Rowlands, T. Orwin, J. Strachan, J. Summeriand, J. R. Wicks. ' A publio meeting in connection with the anni- iversary of the Bible Christians was held last night in tbe church. Barker- street. The chair was taken by Mr Everett, and addresses were de livered'by the Revs. Teagne, Gory, and Picker- ling. From a financial statement read by the (Rev. Mr Teagne, it was seep that the affairs of the church were in a healthy condition. In al luding to his ministry for the paBt three years, Mr Teague adverted to the difficulties that had to be encountered in maintaining the churches, -but notwithstanding removals of Beveral families their finances were ahead of the previous year, (and the members in the oironit were increased- Reoently a gentleman beoarne possessed of a horse that was reputed to be a famous Bteeple chaser, but. hp was nothing loth, however, to 'part with it on that acaonnt if he only obtained valuable consideration. In order to procure this ho. decided upon raffiing it for a round snip, and' succeeded through his friends in disposing of all the tickets, but one, whioh oquld not be :got rid of by any persuasion, so to let the raffle .proceed the owner of the high "flyer reluctantly (took a risk in hia own property. Aa fortune would have it he became its owner, bo unless a purchaser turns up quickly another raffia may be requisite tp secure a ohange of ownership. We have received a letter from Dr Blensdale asking "for co-operation in a scheme, he has in view to induce vignerope to Bend grapee to Eng land. The letter ie an elaborate comment on 1 tho system, which obtains in Europe and America 1 to pack grapes in boxes and casks for expprta- tion. He says grapes well packed will keep (fresh for several months, and that a voyage of sixty days would form no obstaole to their ar riving in good condition in England. Our grapes woald be ready at the ond of March or the beginning of April,, aod would arrive in Lon don in tlie latter end of May, and throughout June, July, and August. Such a luxury as grapes would be appreciated by the English people during the hot months, when Australia could command the market and sell the grapes at from tenpence to a shilling a pound at a vast profit. The question deserves the consideration of the produoer and trader, and were the spaaon a favourable one, might be studied with ad vantage by the grape-growers of the colonieB. The dootor enters fnlly into tho most approved modes of packing, which it would be rather premature to disouss till we have ascertained that we have grapes to Bend away. We are in the receipt of a work, entitled " History of the continent of Australia and the island of Tasmania from 1787 to 1878," edited by Mr Marcus Olarke, and published by Bail- Iiere, of Melbonrne. The book has been com piled for the use of Victorian schools primarily, but owing to tho way in which it has been written it will probably be adopted in the sohools of tho other colonies. It has beon a long timo in progress, but it will be a welcome addition to tho reading books in oar state sohools. The book is written in paragraphs, each of which is numbered, tho numbers being repeated for reference when needed, a mode of assisting tho memory which cannot bo too mncb commended. It gives a clear and succinct statement of tho principal events in the Aus tralian colonies, whose rise, progress, and pro- sent position it treats of up to the year 1878. Wo cannot conceive of a more useful historical work, either for tho pnpils of our publio schools or for general readers who are imperfectly in formed of tho events treated in tho book. As a work of reference, it will be found exceedingly useful to a largo clasB of persons who, though generally acquainted with the facts of Australian history, have no means of roadily fixing dates or testing the accuracy of certain statements. No fact of importance seems to have been omitted by the compiler, who has occupied all the ground from the first discoveries by Tasman and Cook to the last establishment of law, religion, education, settlement, and industry to tho present time. We should imagine the introduction of this book in the sohools would be hailed with joy by thousands of young Aus tralians, whilst u largo number of residents of all the colonieB who want to be well acquainted with the facts of local history will exclaim, like the philosopher of old, when they see the book, " Eureka." Tho Queen's Birthday Company's yield from 434 tons of stono on Saturday was 1097oz of gold. The dostructivoness of tbe swivel gun on our lakes is apparent whon I state (writes tho Smythesdaie correspondent of the Star) that a fow days ago ono discharge from a weapon of this description on Lako Oorangamite, brought down no less than one hundred and thirteen duckB, which were being sold hero at Is 3d a brace. A large bush- fire (eays tho Star) has been raging near Gordon during the past week, and is now not quite extinguished. It begun near tho premises of Mr E. 0. Witherden, and spreading by the cemetery and across the gully towards the Parker's United claim, was cheokod by tho road. A change of wind then direoted it towards Ballan, and muah timber and fencing in that direction were consumed before it was cheoked. A fatal accident occurred on Friday afternoon (says the Oreswick Advertiser) ill Vidtotia- atreet. The yiat-im was Thomas Cheater Pike, in the employ of Mr Hawkins, of Tourello. Ho was carting some firewood, and was in the act of adjusting some portion of tha head-gear, when the winkers came off, and the horae at once bolted, knocking Pike down in front of the wheel, which passed over his body. Death resulted about 8 o'clock the same evening. The Herald eays that reports of a very sad nature continue to arrive from oountry laud officers respecting the Btato to which selectors in outlying districts are reduced in consequence of the drought. It is the intention of the Minister :of Lands, as soon ps possible in his present Btate of health, to take a tour of personal inspection, with tho view of devising some means by which .their burdens! might' be lightened by Govern ment action: I The Ovens and.Murray Advertiser says that a lad thirteen years of age, named Geo. Quilkoy, was brought into the Ovene District Hospital on Wednesday last, from Rutherglen, where he had (met with a very serious accident.- He was serving a chaff- cutter, when his right hand was caught by the cog-wheel, and his arm drawn In and frightfully mangled nearly to tho shoulder. (Dr. Mousse at onoe pronounced amputation to (be necessary, and successfully performed the Operation close to the shoulder. ( . The rapacity of the eaglehawk was fnlly ex emplified by a daring attack made on a parrot (and cage belonging to Mr Eggleson (says the jTalbot Leader). The hawk, fnlly 5 feet from' (tip to tip, pounced on the cage) and but for a 'sheep dog which was lying at the door 'of the (house springing at the bird, the hawk might have taken cage and bird. As'it was, "the oage was upset, and the marauder being baulked of its prey, gathered itself together with great (difficulty, and soared away. \- The works at the Warrnambool breakwater have all but come to a termination. The cap- tractors have a little work yot to finish in con nexion with the jetty, but, says the Guardian, the conclusion has so far been reached, that (the Messrs Thornton have, we understand, sent in their claim for the value of the plant, which is, of course, no longer of any use to them, and also for the compensation to which: under their contract they are entitled for any unforeseen stoppage in the work." A frightful accident happened to Mr P. J. Russell, a well-known hawker, on Friday last says the Rutherglen News) between Boomanoo- mana and Tocumwal, which resulted in the un fortunate man's death. From the meagre in formation to hand, it appeara that" Russell was at Gibson's oamp on HenneBsy's run on Friday morning. ' Late in the evening he left on- horseback for hie own residenoe at To- cumwal. On the road there is a chock-and- (log fence, over which Rusaell had to cross, and 'it is supposed that in "jumping the fence bo was .thrown and dragged some 'distance by the leg which had caught in the stirrup-iron. . "When found he 'was literally kicked! into an ' unrecog nisable mass, and of conrse, quite dead. Reports of the distress into which the fami lies of some of the discharged Civil servants have been plunged continue to reach us. On Sunday we (Telegraph) heard of a most; de- pl or able case, that of a family of nine,1 the father, mother, and Beven children, who are literally without the necessaries of life. Ac cording to our information, the unfortunate gentleman had only been in receipt of a sqlary barely sufficient to maintain his family, and when he was disoharged he had not a pound in the world, but was slightly in debt. As there appears no probability of his re-ipstatement, tradesmen have stopped his oredit, and but for the kindness of afew friendB the family wpuld be in a state of absolute starvation. The beat story that circulates at present about the orisis relates to a lutely discharged Civil servant. This gentleman, it appears, has been haying money-dealings with a number of money lenders. These gentlemen met the other day, and compared notes, when it was found that they flerp let in by the Civil Service gentlemen to the extent of L950. After several unsuccess ful attempts, they succeeded in interviewing the recreant creditor. "Gentlemen," said the Civil servant, "I am very sorry for the position, but it's all the fault of that d Berry. Support Francis and all will be well ; I will get back again. But if that don't snit yon I will go in solvent, and the schedule will read : — 'New In solvent. — John Brown, late of the Civil Service now out of employment. Causes of insolvency : Loss of employment, and high rates of interest paid for borrowed money. Liabilities, L3762 2s Id ; assets, LO 03 Od.' You ore welcome, gen tlemen to your dividend out of the half-penny, whioh to remove any doubts as to its possession I now make manifest to your eyes." Where upon there was a ohorus of " Shebomineo" and "schlentor," which is indiscribable. The money lenders have decided to await events. According to the Ballarat Courier, the follow ing circular has been issued by Dr Thornton, Bishop of Ballarnt, to the clergy of hia diocese, with reverence to the political orisis : — "To tho clergy of the Ohuroh of England in the diocese of Ballarat : My reverend and dear brethren, The prevailing politioal excitement involves a danger to ministers, againBt whioh it ia my duty to offer you a brotherly caution. I mean tho temptation to use tho pulpit as a vehicle for tho inculcation of your own opinions as to the charaoter and motives of the persons in au thority. _ To take advantage of our appointment .nnd privileges to attack individuals during the hpat of tho present political agitation would be a course whioh, howevor likely to justify itself on lofty grounds to an excited judgment, ia really unworthy of our high and holy office, and certain to weakon, on the whole, tho spiritual influenco wo desire to influence over all classes of our flocks. I am pnasing no judg ment whatever on questions which are disturb ing tho publio, or on the claims of the olergy to take part aa citizens in these discussions and settlement on the platform, in tho press, ond at. the ballot-box. But I entreat you to remember that in the pulpit you speak as a messongor of God, and to ponder beforehand with inuch de liberation and prayer ae to what references you tliore make (if any) to current politioal ovonte. I would urge upon you tho wisdom of confining yourselvos within tho strictest limits of oharity and forbearanoe in the statements advanced and to the necessity of self-control in the language employed. — I am, very reverend and dear brethren, your faithful servant in Jesus Christ. S. Ballarat. Bishop's residence, Balla rat ; 21«t January, 1878," The yield of gold for the past woek at 8®" hunt ia not so good as last, being only about 3600oz. A dividend amounting to LBUU naB boon declared, and no.oalls made. The New Year's Gift Gold-mining Company, Chiitern, seventh orushing gave 62oz 18dwt 6gr of gold, which was sold to the Bank of Austra lasia at L4 2s per ounce. Tho Government, we (Argus) learn, have by "no means Btayed their hands with regard to dis missals from tho public service. The achemes of reduction in the Post-office and in tho Chief Secretary's departments will bo under considera tion during the week, and tho results will be duly gazetted. A ead accident happened on Sunday after- noun to a little boy six yeirs of age, named Thomas Barnett, whoso parents reside in Hotham- street, Oollingwood. Tho little fellow thought he conld awim in the Yarra, and wont into it to batho, but sank before help could bo afforded to him by some men and boys who noticed hia danger. Tho body was recovered about two hours afterwards. A fearful explosion, says the Bendigo Adver tiser, took place on Saturday morning at tho Lazarus Company, by whioh a miner named Henry Thomas, aged 26, was severely burnt, but fortunately for him he managed to got out of the way before the larger portion of the pow der exploded, which would in all probability have blown him to atoms. It appoars that he 'was engaged filling a flask from a tin of pyrolig- nine, which haB the peculiar proporty of burn ing slowly when in tho air and only explodes in a confined space. Through some carelessness a spark from a candle Bet fire to the pyrolignine, which flashed up on him, scorohing his hands, arms, face, and neck very severely. A kog of Hall's coarse blasting powder was only a few feot away, and knowing this ho throw himself down a winze close by, and was just in time to escape the fearful explosion that ensued when the blasting powder ignited. Ho was immedi ately raised to the surface and conveyed to the hospital. A comparison of the Mansion-house Indian Famine Fund and tho coBt of collection, may be made with that of Yiotoria, a correspondent to the Argus remarks, with advantage, as showing to the contributors to the latter the groat care exercised to utilise to the utmost the amonntB collected to the legitimate purposes for which they were obtained. The Mansion-house fund Amounted to L486.000, nnd the expenses to .L8800, being iuclusivo of L909 voted as re muneration to clerks and officials. The Victorian fund amounted to L28.G00, and the expenses to JL214, there being no oharges of any kind for plerical services. The proportions of collections find cost are as follow : — London — L 4.86, 000 ; post, L8800 ; actual collection cost 1|- par cent. Melbourne— L28, 600 ; proportionate cost to London, L518 nearly : actual cost, L214 ; actual collection cost, J por cent. Not one penny has been expended by the Melbonrne Central Com- nittee for commissioners or clerical charges, and fhis is also true of the local committees through out the colony. Acknowledgment by advertise ment at half rates, a few telegrams, and one pmall item for printing constitute the charges for panagement. About 14 years ago two hawkers were mur dered at Pleasant Creek under very mysterious pircumstances. No clue to the murderers could be discovered, and the tragedy, whioh excited a great deal of attention at the time, gradually passed out of recollection. We (Argus) now learn from our Graytown correspondent that a man named FerguBon has been apprehended at that place on suspicion of having been con cerned in the crime. The arrest was made in consequence of rumoura originating from state ments made by the prisoner's wife during a domestic quarrel. Tho nameB of the murdered men were Wra. Selby and John Bennett, and the circumstances of the crime were described in the Police Gazette of 12th November, 1863, as follows : — " Win. Selby and John Bennett, hankers, having left Stawell on 16th October with a large amount, of jewellery and general goods for sale iq the bush, were discovered on the 6th inBt. near Mr Dennis's 'station, on the Richardson River, tied up to a tree, and brutally murdered with some blunt instrument, probably a hammer. Selby's horse was subse quently seen in possession of two men, who (were tracked from the eoene of the murder to wards Navarre or St. Arnaud, avoiding all fre quented routes, and having with tbem two light horses." Subsequently the atnlen jewellery was recovered, and a man named Oharlea Plant, who had been originally transported to Van Diemen'a Land, was arrested on suspicion, but waB dis charged. After that the suspected murderers were seen about seventy miles from Kulkyne, 'making towards the Darling and Adelaide. Ode of the men concerned in the murder was supposed at the time to bo identioal with one 'James Payne, a discharged prisoner, who was (then holding a ticket-of-loave. The first man Iwbb described as being about thirty-five or (forty years of age, five feet ten inches or five feet eleven inches high, about twelve stone weight, with large sandy whiskors and full face, 'and Bupposed to bB an Englishman. Tho seoond man was about five feet eight inches high, fair complexion, with Btnall dark whiskers. 