EUROPEAN. TELEGRAMS, | f £ t ! 4. X, i / * ' SPECIAL PRESS TELEGRAMS LONDON, January 4. -VA "sotmb engagement-. between the .Russians 3 ^nd ,|htf*;Turk8 (tool?"'place; at Taskesehj. near Sophia, on Monday last. The Russians lost ;700. : men. The_ battle resulted in the Turks retreat , ing.part towards Slatina, and-.pp-tf iS tfil} direc-7 ' tion 6ffIkhtemariT> BakeriPasha/in covering the. , retreat,on Tuesday, lost 600 men. ' "The:Russian Government having neglected to: provide sledges, the state of the country cripples' -the adyance of their troops, and it is doubtful' if 'they1 will .be able to reach Adrinople \ be fore "May next.y; .>..>(> « A. ! Mukhtar Pasha has arrived at Slamboiil. i . X Dil G January 5. Wallaroo.coppet is quoted at £75 to £76, Btirra' at k74' ICfe ' ?'1'1 J'' ... The preserved meats market is dull. i y'i' ,n Her,-Majesty t the Queen has created a new 1 Order,/tailed the Imperial prolan.of India, *£he recipients' of1 the lionor are female's.* * Tlifey in -elude- ten . members^ of . the^itoyal-family, 'and Tejght Indian and 18 English: IjECdieaZ p ! ^Cardinal"- Manning1 proposes tKat i-Gonclave shall take place at Malta to consider matters affecting the interests of the Catholic Church. The1 Italian cardinals object to the proposi tion. ! The yEussiansr have -f completely invested ErzeiroumiI ;TheyJ wijlyiat Bombard, but intend to reduce^the itojrnft&a;^jJte^i; famine. Thiai is. owing to a majonity of the population being Christians.'1 " ' j Numerous extra-Parliamentary ^speeches 'are beingimade-i;. ?vi:,-.4,r.>l iwn > j » .. . There is great agitation against England be^ ramiflg a party to the "struggle. - The Anti-Disraelites praise, .whilst several Ministerial organs attempt to discredit .the* speech of Lord Carnarvon, as indicating the policy of the British Government. It:is be lieved that the Cabinet is divided, the Premier, the Hon. Gathorne Hardy, and Lord!Cairnsi forming the .war section, and the Marquis ofcr ^isliury,'! iLoi^MDarnarvon, the Hon. Mr,, Cross, and Lord Derby opposing them. The; |§j§Bni£ig%embers of the Cabinet are doubtful, Several Councils have been held this week. | roaSe'Hrar.llr. Layard, British representative at Gonstantinople, up to yesterday had received n9v;reply ..from the; English Government tothe despatch^ conveying the Russian answer! to the mediation proposals. < ' V' "The exact terms of the Russian reply are* unknown. - There are conflicting rumours. ,; Austria,, it is stated, declines to support the' action of England. The Turkish Parliament has adopted jan amendment to an address to the Sultan, 're quiring explanations-with reference- to the military policy. j ~ -A war vote of £5,000,OOOis demanded from! 'the -Parliament^' ' *- " {.(>,. \- r"Money is--plentiful, with a slack discount de;I .mapd. The ..niarkef-rate fop(tbi^fi-months bilfe;, is 3 per cent., Political anxieties are paralysing Stock1 Exchangeoperations. Colonial securities are iinSteady. ..ThVi'. corn.SJmffket is quiet.) Foreign arrivals are abundant. Adelaide.! wheat, superfine quality, is selling ex store at from.65s. to 66s. per lbs.; New Zealand,'at -frdin j58s. to 50s. Australian flour, per 280 'lbsl according to quality, is worth from 38s. j to 13s. ... I 1 nC'Tb VA Vsttf&is; it jfvj'AtSJ Jan. 6.1 ' The. Itussjans^ave'occupied Sophia. j Russia re fluijr^s. that Rulgariavshouldbe| evacuatediby the ,'Turk^ as a condition j of ' an armistice, and that; "this is unlikely to be agreed to. : The Observer asserts that England has just replied to a communication from France, stating that no action is intende'd in' relation to Egypt! An importaut speech was made by Mr. W.'i E. Forster at Bradford yesterday. He expressed approval of the early meeting qf Parliament, and praised the recent action of the Government 'as'described by Lord Carnarvon.' Mi\' JMrster thought that existing treaties could not,1 be al tered without'the assent of the 'other 'Powers concerned, and was of opinion that all the Euro pean ' Governments would prevent Russia'pos sessing- Stamboul. . . If . a difference .. 'of 'opinion existed between Lord Beaconsfield and some |of his colleagues there should be an'appeal to*the nation . Mr.. Forster qbiepted.tp tj|Q .d|$egte!ih. Jish^ent of the phijrph of England.7 ^ '':, It; is reported that if .Ljwd, Bescflnsfielji that the Parliament is unwilling,]to;, support; Ifial' 'foreign'policy he will ask for a d'jisbrfltjojj-.' ; . Tfip Marquis de la Minora is dead/1 ? ' ' . ?" " '?""".;iTan...7.| _. \- .'The Hon. A. H. Layard, British1 representa tive . at ; Constantinople, having officially in-" formed^ the Porte that Russia requires that an" :armistice should be arranged, between the op-~ posing, commanders, Turkey has applied through England for an armistice. - : - ., ^ . ' '111 an engagement betweeji.6,000 Turks and a. b.odyof Russian's at Eiidama,' near Erzeroum," > jthe Russians were defeated. ' - ( .i qThe; [ Viceroy has unvejled, a; pt&tft;§ , ,.Maies^, the. Queen at .'Calcutta, q [? .' ;TW-Sciudia'8 conduct in IndW.l^erardef pi - disaffected. > I Victor E^anue} IseeriQUEly ill. .-jinTJ (-; General Radetzky has crossed the Shipka ?ass unopposed, and it is probable that he will iffect a junction with either the Czarewitch or Jeneral Zimmerman. . ? ; Germany and Austria both object to the open ng of the Hellespont to Russian war vessels >nly., _ _ / \ In General Lannville's corps, which ia.sta tioned in the' Balkans, 810 men have been frost bitten, and 53 have died. A Berlin telegram states that through the friendly action of Germany Russia gives a guarantee; that she will not interefere with Euglish ; interest^, ia;id that >. in' (consequence England ^consents Jo tiiere.ljping, direct negqtia tfdrisT)etween fiussiaand Turkey as to the'terms of peace. X^UT^S jrELEaEAZIS.l^ , -LONDON,-Janaaryi4. ^ .Wheat is firm, the quotation for Adelaide be ing ,59s.., tp 61s. Tlie wool market is un changed. ; Lord,Carnarvon, in replying-to a question, said- 'the 'policy of the British Government had been declared. The circumstances, he explained, had not materially changed since; . Lord" Derby's speech/ In. November ? last. Hie rejection by Russia of the, mediation proposals-was, he stated, "-no f&r;'ont; to. England; 'arid added that nobody-wished,to see a-repetitkm of the Crimean TO.aaavi , T,, - . ,T,r -January 5. "Meetingsiare* frequently-held in'fa^onof the: maintenance of British neutrality. * General Goutko ia; successfully advancing on Sophia, and the Turks are falling back on IkliteipanK TK '0 I J .1 .1 "r Before replying to the Sultan of Turkey the British "Government will* endeavour to ascertain the peace conditions of Russia. The Standard states that the British Govern ment; will.not tolerate the complete'overthrow of Turkey not a separate treaty of peace betweeu Turkey and Russia. ;-r The Right Hon. W. E. Forster, M.P., in a speech which he has made against. British in tervention in the Eastern question, said if the Cabinet were divided he should advise the Pre mier to' appeal to the nation. '" ' "' It,is officially stated that Russia,will reject proposals for an armistice unless on the basis of peace conditions previously .proposed and ac cepted. The British' Ambassador' at' Constantinople has informed the Grand Vizier^that Russia posi tively'refuses to entertain any'peace proposals until the,conditions -for an- armistice have been concluded. The King of Italy is seriously ill. ;,,, Th'6 Russians have captured SopTua;'' ; !. ,, ir,';' l'" '? ' : : j .J BUSINESS CHANGES AT MILMCENT.-Mr. A. H. Florance reports the sale of Mr. Gleich's Somerset Hotel at Millicent to Mr. G. L. George of Robe, for £4000 cash ; also, the sale of Mr. ;Hplzgrefe's": ?'blacksmith's business 'to Messrs:. Clayfield and .McGinty at a, satisfactory price. 'Mr;''John! Bowdeh' has purch'ase'd 1Mr.' Warr's ^butchering business. Messrs. McKellar jahd Ginger, have -also bought-out -Messrs. Pynej and Price/ who have opened'i like Business at RiVoli' Bay North. < 3(-\ pr ;v 7-q | " WE are in receipt .of the first half-yearly re port, and balance-sheet of the "Australian .'Agency and Banking Company-the Company flditejd by so 'many of our^Narracoo'rte and. Border, friends j 'rader the management'of: Mr.'Geb^.Thompsoii,: late'manager of the National Bank,' frariiacobrte. The' young 'company1 appear to1 be'!<3oiri^ wbll.. Their paid up'capital is £25; 000 . " th^ir'asaets larei set .downiat £424,394 19s. to; and the net, profit j; on . the half-year's . - operations at. i£6,068 3s.j Id.;' ?: : | NEW HEDGE PLANT.-Mr. Nobes has left at our office-a sample of the African Box Thorn,' which has lately come into favour in Victoria' as a hedge plant;It is of quick growth, bears pruning well, and "produces such immense quantities of strong, horrid spines, that when the hedge is well and fully grown-that is, in about two years-neither cats, nor hens, nor sheep, nor bullocks would think of attempting to penetrate, though the barrier." , It is an evergreen, and cattle are not fond of eating it as they do, haw-' thorn. An ounce of seed, value 5/-, Will pro- duce. >3,000, plants. Mr". Nobes raised this season, 2,000 plants from an ounce, and might have done better,"; but that the weeds were: allowed to overrun the bed. Those who take an interest _ in hedge plants should have a look at the African Thorn'.alias Lycium Horriddum. ; COUNCIL OF«'EDUCATION.-At ttfe'-taeet-j ing joftlie; Council .of; -Education on Moil-] day last a letter was received! from Mr. D.; A. Ewers/' > 'Secretaiy Sons oi Temperance,' Kingston j ,askiug that the resolution withdrawing; the use of the school-room might be rescinded, as it cast,.aistigma upon their society, also; enclosing rent. The Council declined to recon sider: "its decision. Mr. Chad.; Stockbridge, schoolmaster, Kingston, wrote, stating that the reason why he did not write to the Council res pecting..the Good Templars Lodge was because l; he'aid'riot wish to make enemies tb'injure the school.) . i' The - Council resolved to Inform !the .latter that his first .duty was to comply with'the instructions of the Council. The Committee reported, that a ^teacher in the South-East had ;heen-'cautioned1 that unless he'improved !the> condition,of (the School without delay.'he would ,.bp jremoved.Mr. ^William Holdsworth's appli 'canon for an appointment'as assistant in ; the Mount Gambier school was refused. It waSi considered/.Uiat 'Mf.r Holdsworth should be appointed teacher of a separate school. The :report!wasadopted.1 The President recommended :the appointment of Charlotte Smith,' as ^monitor atiKingston from April 1: The tender of Messrs. i jMalColmian&iPratt;; for itHe erection of schools i . and residences at Narracoorte, 'at £1; 691," wa8 jaccepMdi.. fj'.Mi!-'' w>r. : Uwhola v.Ui.-.-'h-.'C NEW-YAHiE^iia' bf1 Pdi^fofes.' - We have received from Mr.. SCL J|. Nobea.samples of two. .new, ;yarieties of ,potatoes he has introduced to ^tri^.rT}njf'.,afsinamed ".Suttoin's new, ...HunclpdfbTd F}al>;e,",* j}n^ " Snowflake.:*? Botli are kidney shapecl The former is of a pink' .folour,. aiid in an En^Uh; catalogue is, described ris'ftiVHest MSney. pbiato grown. "Mr. Nobes planted. 12 ;lhs.^ and he expects .tos dig about two cwt.'' This is a heavy yield considering the dry ness of the season." In England an experimental .'71b1oproduced 1721bs7: The Snowflake is one of the most celebrated'"ATnericanyarietieg,,and is 8a5d 'to: be an;Sxfi^ritna^h^yj:ci^pAVf i It: !;bear^(ilstriing resemblaiice': td1 bur well-known M^irik' eye:" 'It has not' done quite so well £s. Mth'eiFltike1;' but theteiis nbt a gredt d6alb'etwp§n them. The Snowflakej;'wh'enu cooked; is 'tao^1 white and medly,: but /both'are1 :of 'eicelleht qaalityi'and flavor. Mr. Nobes planted' about .the >middler'of Septenlber, atid,1by''thb"^n,d of' December both" varieties were turning off ; 'thus showing that, they are of. exceptionally quick growth-a most important consideration to the; potato growers'at: Mount Gambier. Some jPiourballs were, planted in the samepfaf,; but they outpaced; this hitherto pnbpaten variety in, rapidity of .gro wth. Mr. Nobes has also in his garden'a patch of another variety named the ".New American lateBose." , It is a late keep ing variety, and described as an enormous1 cropper. But it js yet too soon io speak of its' merits. ; ^' these vjafftfties iwill probably Be1 found worthy of general attention, and as Mjjj Nobes proposes. (to give, gro^rerg ,t^ ppnotffliiity of'.farther testing |n'eif .merits by! disposing t^'e^! jff small quah'iities we' liave "no "doubt they.willhave'aifairtrial. vi'Of |-j'n THE AMERICAN., REAPER^ AND BINDER.^-". We had an opportunity' on1 Thursday lastjdfi ^tnefsing a trial of the;newrreaperiai^binde5i recently introduced here'by Mr. Chas. CiarkI It was at work oh a crop of oats-a very heavy one- belonging to Mr. . James'Sutton, sen. Thp machine worked admirably, and left nothing to.' be (Jeered. )Itq mvdw i^eraiuM'has been SQ dpscribeii ^n o^r colons, within. t)ie pasf few1'weeks that we iieed^not say anythiijg.more; on"that point.' All we would say is, if '^pyor ?anr- farming friends ? stfe' sceptip^l' '^s 'to theii» Utility they had bftter go and "judge :for th'em selvej. Mr.' Clark informs us that he has ordered, half-a- dozen of these machines through Mr." Griffin, tlie American agent of the Com pany, who is at present in Mount Gambier, and he expects -to' bWe tberii here in time for, next season's'crop.; :l- 1 REASON IN BIRDS oy PIIET.-A. cor^espoij aeBt 'says^^ Hares are becoming very plentiful at"Bptqbin, and swamp and other hawks seem to have good feeding there'. The' other day I pbse^vsd'a buzzard in full chase of ai^ appajently plump, leferet;: but the poor ? little' hare eluded rt 'with considerable skill, . uiitjl getting1 amongst tbe ferps it appeared':to', have made good its escape: But the hare and I reckoned withQut Bur h'opt, for^ unlfliowti to tiig ^ t j satin aMofty ti£e, watching' tlie chase, and as soon as the'hare took a form and fancied itself safe.the watchful hawk, descended from the tree, and, seizing the hare in its ? talons, whistled for its mate to come to the banquet." .OUR VISITORS.-It is not often Mount Gambier is. favored with so many distinguished visitor? at one time aa it now is. On Thursday theHou. G-j-C. Hawker, Commissioner of Public Works, accompanied by the Hon. L. Glydo, M.P., and Mr. Hardy, M.P., arrived and took up their quarters at the Mount Gambier Hotel. .Yesterday afternoon Sir George Bowen, Governor of Victoria, arrived. Sir George Bowen was accompanied-by-the Hon. W. Morgan,-Chief Secretary of this colony, and his suite,. The members of the Marine Board now on a tour of inspection to MacDonnell Bay were 'also among our visitors.. Their stay will be limited to to-day. THE EIVOLI BAY RAILWAY.-Yesterday the Commissioner of Publio Works, accompanied by Mr, Pitman, went over the proposed line for the railway betweei. Moorak ana the Bay road. Various proposals have reached the Commissioner relative to this portion of the line, and it was to satisfy himself as to their merits that a personal inspection was made. It ia not probable that any alteration of the route as now arranged will be sanctioned. The clearing party on the line is now within about seven miles of Mount Gambier, and_the forming parties are following close/behind. ;.* nXouNG MENJS, ASSOCIATION'Wednes day evening, at . the Mount Gambier Young Men's Association Mr. P. Beaton delivered an es3ay on' the decline of the Ottoman Empire. There was a small attendance. The Rev. A. .Stubbs presided. ; Pic-nic.-The annual pic-nic in connection with the Mount Gambier Roman Catholic, school was held on Wednesday on the" Mount Gambier cricket ground. At about half-past ten o'clock a.m. the children proceeded in procession from the school to the Oval, the Temperance Brass Band leading. Sundry amusements were then j indulged in, but the excessivejieat prevented a general,participation in them until late in the .afternoon. A good'programme of races, dances; &c.;, was carried out. The friends of the' school provided ample refreshments, which'were dispensed in the cricket refreshment booth. Be sides the children there were a considerable nurn-i her of adult friends making up a total; of about 300 persons. The games were .under the, | management of Mr. Mark Hayes! , . ! ' THE ' PUNT KOAD.-The claims of the road from Mount Gambier to the Punt were yesterday, brought under the notice of the Commissioner of Public Works by Messrs. G. W. Harris and A. K.; Varley.; The Commissioner admitted the importance of the road, and promised that if any of the vote for roads outside District Councils and' Eoad Boards, were available he would recommend ,the appropriation of as much of it as would clear the road. Mr. Harris thought about,£500 would be sufficient for this purpose. CRICKET.-A match between, the Mount Gambier and past^rtou Clubs has-been, arranged for Saturday next',, January 19, tp be played ?oni Mount'Gambier OvaL THE WEATHER.-On .Wednesday the tem perature,-.- \vhjclj had- tyeenrfgifcdually rising during " the " preceding three ^days, rose to 108° in the shade, and 138° in the . sun, ^making the day tie" Hottest;.pf* the season, and one of the hottest1 for yedts;1''"Extensive; and destructive bush''fires''were'' ra^tfg all roiihd, no,, doubt contributing'to'some'extent in making the j day, ao'hdt. Thursday was1 somewhat more agreeable,' and yesterday waa comparatively cooF. ,n1 ..^ENTERTAINMENT.-On Wednesday evening ? last,a magic;lautern entertainment was" given in the Institute Hall by the Trustees'. - The"' attendance was very small. The views consisted, ofyscenes; in the East; theTAroticT region'^1 Europe, and elsewhere, comic scenes andjfigures, &c.; Mr. Poyntz described the series of views Talleff'ffThe tale of a tub," and tlielRev.' A. StubW'a number of the others. Mr. Maytum»'' -i- j . .eff-jpausic on the pianoforte. It is' probable |oue "'or two other entertainments of a. like. Knd 'will -Tj^ ^eri, with different views."- *' ' " | .;'.tNew. WHEAT.-The first 'wheat of the pre sent season was received aV Mr.'.T. :Wilson's Commercial Mills on Friday.'jit was'brought in-by Mr. James Hart, from hia farmatjMjl Lei. It is really first-class sample and weighs well., .The j.crqp from which it was, taken yielded 17 !j>ushel8,'fa'the acre.- , , j- ; |;S pEsVRTJCTIVE Busii FIRES. During i tJlje yRfeek several large, bush.-fires liave.ocaurredin jhe; district,-some of.^whichliave d<^eonsider :ttBe5damagei J6ii-!5unday^a-^fire -on .< Captain Gardiner's property ,near German .preek, fcon 1 iwmed' several, thou&iria; tafcrM-'Wf jaiid swept the Coola portion of; the £enaira.nin;. 1 On, Monday it burned, a large area of the Benaira run, but did no' damage excepting as regards grass." "'On' Tuesday "and Wednesday a fire, which commenced west of Compton, burnt the pasture land of some selectors there, destroyed a great deal of fencing, and traversed the Benaira estate to within two and a-half miles of the Head, Station. This fire, it is believed,'wag. carelessly started' by some kangaroo hunters. Wednesday, however, was the great day of fire. .In addition to those we have mentioned to the ' southj-west; aiid west of the, Mount, ,there were ' large1 fires 'to the south, east, and north-east. The most destructive was one that appeared to ? commence' 'on' Dr. Browne's Moorak ? estate or near iMr.' August Patzel's property, at the Square Mile. Favoured by a strong hot wind from a westerly direction'it crossed a part of Mr. Patzel's land, .destroying about eight acres of standing wheat, and then rushed towards Tahl ? Paddock. . By dint of great exertion Mr. Nitchke's" property was saved, but Dr. Browne's, estate at Yahl was swept. Miles of good" fencing was destroyed ; a number of sheep burnt; and some haystacks and sheds consumed.- Mr. Artgus Ferguson,' a boundary rider; on; the- estate, had a 6pring cart1 and hariiesaj destroyed. The school: house at Y41)l, fi brie}?' building with, iron'anil 'shingle roof, 'was.' jj^rnt' down, and all its coi\tepfts rev duced to'ashesl The farmers in the neighbor. hooil,1,aided'by the direction of the wind,', puc ' ceeding in' saWn g1 their® crops and grsss|' although two or threepf them' lost soAP'log'fehciiig.. A fire on Captain-Gftrdiner'aiestate t at Mount Salt destrayed..Oii Iai^e; staclf;i!of. hay JBlid *ome sheep in addition to much fencing and \- grass. O n ?" tha sama. - day., ithere;; were large J&M.in;the,: eastern part of [ the (Hundred of .[.Caroline,i,and p'n0the,,ruiis,ito ,.f|ie,north-east. "A fire'swept 'ihrpugKjKiugsley,! burning, several crops aud doing ' much damage; generally! Oiiv Thtkte'dliylAne 'or two of the.'fit-es were siill j>unti; iug, but no datriage was . done excepting'in tW destruction "of grass! 1 ' V" '^ We regret to record the'deatti.af Mrs. Torner, ?tod of Mr. R; J. Tujger,' S,M. Mrs. Turner,, has been in'^ critical state of health for .some uifinths, and last week left for Adelaide per the, steamer Penola. While the steamer was in Port Victor" Mrs; Turner had a serious recurrence o| her -illness,' arid it appears died shortly after reaching Adelaide. Much sympathy'is ielt with' Mr.-Turner and family for their sad loss. 