News of the Week. GUNDAGAI POLICE COURT. Friday, January 11th. Before Mr Love, P.M., and Messrs Elworthy and Crowe. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY. John Morgan was charged witb being drunk in the streets, and on pleading guilty was fined £1 or 7 days in jail. Tbe Bnrne defendant was charged with mak ing use of obscene language in a public place, and nn pleading guilty was fined £5 or one month in jail. OBSTRUCTING A PUBLIC ROAD. David Weir was summoned for obstructing a public road at Clarendon. Mr. Perkins appeared for the Crown, and Mr. Willans, of Wagga Wagga, fur the de fendant. Constable Rowe deposed that he knew the Wantabadgery run, and he knew portions of its boundaries ; a part nf it was reserved from sale for mining purposes ; there was a road through the run leading from the main road to the reserve, and defendant bad obstructed it by erecting a fence across it ; the fence wai still across tbe road ; when witness complained to defendant of the road being obstructed, be said be would put in a sliprnil, and on 31st December last be did so, but at the date i.n which the information was laid the rrad wns still obstructed ; tbe road was a chain wide, and the sliprail was only 9 or 10 feet ; defend ant said be would allow tbe public to pass through his purchased land. By Mr Willaus : Tbe horse I have the use of from tbe Government ran for a time in defendant's paddock, and I did not speak to tbe defendant about tbe fence until after be told me to remove tbe horse ; I did not say I would make it hot for defendant ; there was a petition presented to me signed by three per sons asking that tbe road might be opened ; tbe fence bad been up three or four months. Frank Cowley, licensed surveyor, deposed to having measured and marked the road one chain wide alluded to in the evidence of tbe laBt witness, who bad pointed nut to him a two-railed fence wbicb bad been erected across the road ; when he measured out the road be sent a report to tbe Department, but had not heard whether it had been approved. On defendant undertaking to remove the fence within one week tbe case was withdrawn without costs. UNLAWFUL OCCUPATION OF CROWN LAND. Andrew J. A. Beveridge was summoned for being in unlawful occupation of Crown lands at Clarendon. Mr. Perkins appeared for the Crown, and Mr Willans for defendant, who pleaded not guilty and leave and license from Mr W. O. Windeyer, the lessee of tb.3 Wantabadgery ran. It appeared from the evidence that the de fendant was in tbe babit of running cattle nn a reserve for mining purposes on tbe Wanta badgery run, and that in consequence of hiu exercising proprietary rights over it it bud come to be regarded us his property. Defend ant deposed that the fences alluded to by Rowe were not his property, nor were they erected on bis property ; tbe fences were erected by Wi O. Windeyer before the reserve was proclaimed. The bench dismissed tbe case. A similar case against David Weir was withdrawn. Mr O'Dounell here took bis seat on tbe Bench, ALLEGED CRUELTY TO ANIMALS, Frank Cowley was summoned by Thomas McAlister for cruelty to three sheep. Mr Perkins appeared for the complainant, and Mr Willans for the defendant, who pleaded not gulity. Complainant deposed that he resided at Mitta Mitta Creek; he went to defendant's place last month for three sheep, for the delivery of which be had a magisterial order ; defendant said he would give him the sheep, but, could not do so then. and it was agreed that the sheep should be delivered up on the 23rd December ; on that day witness went to take delivery of the sheep ; defendant showed him a pen like a pig-stye in which the sheep were ; witness examined the sheep and found they were the ones for which he had an order ; he said to defendant ' You have branded them pretty well,' he replied ' Yes I have branded them so as I'll know them this time ;' one of the sheep had two fire brands right across tbe nose and down either side, and on one side the flesh was burnt to the bone, part of the nose was cut right out ; the legs were swollen and the jaw seemed to be fractured; the animal which was not able to feed, and had to be fed from a bottle, died twelve days after it was delivered to witness ; two hoofs had fallen off, and the two others were loose when it died ; witness asked defendant whether he had treated the sheep as described, and he said ' I did, as I want tn make it a dear order to the magistrate ;' he gave witness notice not to remove the wool off tbe sheep ; it took witness five hours to drive tbe sheep 3J1/2miles; the two other sheep were also maltreated, but not so badly. Hugh McAlister, brother of the complain ant, gave corroborative evidence. Henry Byass and constable Rowe also gave evidence as to the state of the sheep. The head and trotters of the sheep which had been the most ill-treated were produced and examined by the Bench. For the defence John Bevan, Thomas Cowell, Stephen White, and James Beveridge were examined. The evidence of the two former was as to the state of the sheep when they were delivered to complainant, and they deposed that the case bad been greatly exag- gerated. The two latter witnesses confined themselves to the custom in branding sheep. Mr White stated that he had branded 600 himself by cutting a small piece out of the nose ; he did not consider it cruel ; be had seen thousands branded quite as deep as on tbe head produced in this case ; he did not think the cut on the nose would prevent the sheep from eating. Mr Beveridge bad known 2,500 sbeep to be branded by having a piece cut out of the nose, but he had never done so himself ; had seen the head produced, and he did not think thu brands were particularly cruel. The Bench by a majority of three to one dismissed the case. Tempus Fuqit. Ten years ago this very day the first number of the 'Times' was published iu Gundagai. Time flies indeed ; it seems to us hut as yesterday, yet what changes have taken place in that period 1 An! there are many chanaes that we regret to find bave not taken pla~ce. We sincerely thank ?our supporters for the patronage they hive accorded us during that time, although our local advertising support has not been of a very extensive or remunerative character ; still for small favors we are thankful, and hope that better seusons will tend to increase our returns, and thus encourage us not only to continue our publication in this town, but tn improve it. A large fluck of sheep crossed the Gunda gai bridge on Monday morning going south ward. Now that there is no gatekeeper we have but little means of knowing the names of owners and destination of travelling flocks and herds. A very sudden death occurred on Wed nesday morning last. An elderly man named William King, a stnnehreaker employed on the road works near Jugiong, was being taken into Gundagai on the mail coach for medical treatment, he having seveiely cut his arm accidentally. While the horses were being changed at Ciinlait, King got out u£ the couch and sat down on a box' under Mr Walter Htmre's verandah and almost instantly expired. Immediately on the arrival of the coach, the driver gave information to the police, and Mr Weekes, district coroner, held an inquest at 3 o'clock the tame afternoon when the jury returned a verdict to the effect that death waB caused by mortification tbe result of a neglected wound on the arm, but that how the wound was inflicted there was nn evidence to show. The post mortem examination was made by Dr. McKillop. The Gundagai Town Band will give n moonlight promenade concert next Tuesday evening on the cricket ground at 8 o'clock, under the direction of Mr Douglas, the band master. Tbe following programme will be gone through : — Polka — ' Marguarita '— Coote ; Quadrille—' Charleston '— Labitzki ; Schottisehe — ' Santa Claus' — A. N. Co.; March — 'Father Come Home '— Basquit ; Polka Mazurka— 'Rovers ' — Devlin; Lancero —'Knight of St. Patrick' — D. Godfry ; Waltz—' Fairy Haunt' — comp. by Douglas; Polka— 'Jolly Dogs'— Coote; 'God Save the Queen.' Tub friends of Mr Bibn will regret to hear that be ib still suffering from bis old complaint which confines him to his ronm and prevents him from giving his individual attention to bis baking business. This will account for tbe inferiority of tbe bread supplied from his shop lately. Bibo's bread used to be famed throughout the district, and will he again, we are assured, so soon ns the hend of the estab lish men t can walk to the bakehouse. We have received from tbe publisher Mr F. F. Builliere, of Melbourne, a pamphlet entitled 'The Histoiy and Progress of Surgery ;' an address delivered to tbe medical students of the Melbourne Hospital, on tbe occasion of the presentation of the prizes in the class of operative surgery, by Dr. Beaney. The work is excellently produced and reflects tbe highest credit, not flone on tbe publisher but also on tbe printers, Messrs McCarron, Bird and Co. We have also to acknow ledge the receipt of a clinical lecture on diseases of the hip joint by Dr. Beaney, whicb has nlso been printed by tbe Bame firm, nnd published by Mr Bailliere. We doubt if the first houses in London could turn out work in better style than these pamphlets have been. Tbe Victorian Government are in favour of direct cable communication {torn Melbourne to Ceylon. A correspondent writing from Reedy Flat aays : — Mining is indeed a very unprofitable occupation here at the present time. Tbe extreme dryness of the weather is fast drying up the wator used for sluicing purposes, and most claims are almn.it at a standstill. Should no change take place buuii, the major portion of miners will be cm strained to register their claims aud betake themselves to some other employment — indeed several have done .so already, and uthers talk seriouBly of leaving the district while they are able to do so, but unfortunately they are at a. loss where to go to better themselves, as there is every probability of another drought, which will unquestionably impoverish many small squatters and give Urge ones a fearful shaking. It is the opinion of many that tho countiy will be ruined. L'trge quantities of sheep are already making their appearance on the mountains, where there is a little grass at present ; but should the dry weather continue there will not be a blade to be seen, in which case both sheep and cattle must die of starvation. The free eelectors will bo the heaviest sufferers in pro portion to their means, they having expended their little all on their selections. The weather is intensely hot, and has been so for the past fortnight. A few days' rain, or even a thunderstorm, would he a welcome relief. ? Business generally is dull, nor can ..trade be pushed except on the credit system, which is generally a losing speculation. The weather during tbe week hns been very hot, the thermometer on Friday ranging from HS'tollT'in the shade. Friday and Sun day nights were intensely sultiy. The Mur rumbidgea and the creeks' about Gundagai aro lower than they have been for many years. Several bush-fires have occurred around the district, and on Friday a fire broke out at the North Gundasai town common and destroyed a quantity of herbage. The solemn ceremony of investing the Archbishop of Sydney with tho pallium took place at St. Mary's pro-Cathedral on Monday morning. This is the first time in which i* prelate of the Roman Catholic Church has been invested in Anstralii with the peculiar symbol of supreme eulesiajtical authority. The attendance was very large, and- -included the Bishops of Brisbane, Bathurst, Goulburn, Adelaide, Perth, New Caledonia, Sandhurst. The clergymen from the Goulburn district were, the Rev. Dr. Birmingham, the Very Rev. P. Dunne (Gundagni), and Rev. J. Gallagher. At the conclusion of tho Mas3 tbo investiture took place. Dean M'Ciirthy preached the sermon. Mr. H. Halloran will retire from the Under-Seeretarysbip mi Saturday next. Last week we announced that a destructive fire had taken place on the farm of the .Messrs Pollock at Nangus. We bave sinco loarned that a large stuck of hay, a quantity of oatsr aud 1300 bushels of wheat, as well as two miles of fencing, five nr six sets of harness, and a dray were destroyed hy the fire. The fire was caused by smoking.. One of tho men was in the act of striking a match when the bead flew off and falling'amon« the hay caused it to ignite. Mr David Pollock got on the stack to endeavour to prevent tho flames from spreading, but unfortunately a breeze springing up at the moment rendered- all his efforts in vain, aud he was compelled to desist having received some severe burns. It would be well if farmers would adopt the simple precaution of insuring their crops against fire, and thus save thcmaelvcs from lo;s in tho event of tbeir crops being destroyed. Tho ' Australasian ' makes the following observa tions on the subject, which we commend to the consideration of our readers : It should hardiy be necessary tu suggest to country residents the expediency of safuly securing the results of the sen-sun's labours. Just after the last harvest we had to record the loss by fire of several homesteads and stacks adjacent thereto, whose owners had adopted no pre cantions to prevent the spread of bush fires to their stacks, and had altogether neglected to insure themselves against fuss. Fiom sta tistics furnished to us by an office which undertakes farm risks, we were enabled to show that, out. of the whole farm properly of the colony, only some £30,000 worth was insured, and that chiefly by lenders of capital in thoir own interest ; of the farmers who weru flee from debt, hardly any had taken the trouble to securo themselves from losses by vibi'a'ions to which, despite every care, their property is peculiarly liable. The common habit of smoking is a frequent source nf bush fires ; and so are the fires -jsed to boil tho - ' billy ; ' the careless use of luoifcr matches is a third, and. perhaps the most frequent snurco of danger. It is strange, indeed that farmer*, who are such hushandmen, should neglect the one precaution which can secure to thorn tho result of their labours. With regard to pre cautions against the spread of bush fires, the nature of them muBt depend upon local con ditions. Against a forest boundary tbero should always be a fallow of sufficient width to preclude the possibility of any fire being blown over it. Where lucerne is grown, and can be kept green, it may he relied upon as a prntecti'in against fire ; the same also with potatoes and other root crops, but it is not always possible to employ either root or green crops ; fallowing is in that case the (inly alternative, and no time should be lost, after clearing off a crop, in putting a wide-ploughed land about every stack. The practise of placing several stacks together is a relic of English husbandry, which shiuld certainly not be perpetuated here. The pride which induces some men to keep well-filled stack yards is a surry one, especially when tho stacks are not insured — when they nre at tho mercy of the first ' sun-downer ' who has been refused black-mail. Mr. Ioseph Becker, of Bourke, New South Wales, and John Randal Carey, of GreatSt. Helens, London, have been appointed representative commissioners for the colony at the Paris Universal Exhibition. It is notified that the following selections having been abandoned within tbo meaning nf tho Lands Act are forfeited :— J. S. Flitter, 40 acres selected at Cootamundra;' Patrick Keaue, transfered to Edward J. Keane, 40 acres ; Michael O'Mara, transferred to J. S. Futter, 40 acres ; J. Thompson, transferred to G. Simpson, 120 acres, all selected at Qun dagai, SnEEP owners competent to vote for tho election of directors for this district nre re quested to meet for that purpose at tbo Gun (i.-igai Court-houso at noon on Monday. Utli February. The following selections were taken up at . ; the Gundagai Land Office yesterday : — T. A. K. Halljnan, 40a, OhiJowla Thomas Qrocnlinleli, 60n, Willie Plonm Charles Faulow, 150a, Claris. 'The - Commission Agent ' is tho title of a monthly medium of inter- communication be tween merchants nnd m^nufncturers in nil countries. It publishes prices current, financial, commercial, and trading summaries of nil industries, nnd forms nn excellent medium ormbling mnnufneturors to gain publicity in forMgir nnd colonial markets. Tho subscrip tion is 21s. per yenr, nnd the address of the ' proprietors is 15 Barbicnn, London, On our fourth page will be found a few extracts from this excellent publication. The ' Evening News ' says thero was great excitement last week amongst the whole (if the civil servants in Sydney, nnd they aver tlmt tho Fiirnell Government also have revolu tionary tendencies. The Government intend - getting one hour's more wink out of the civil I servants ench dny. The office hours are to be from 9 to 5 o'clock, in itend of from 0 to 4. This will be done whenever practicable, in other cases the luncheon hour will be abolished. The hent is represented as being intense in the interior. Birds are in some localities falling dead in large numbers in the Dubho district, and in other places birds are fleeing to escape the heat from the bash into selectors' bouses. The Commissioner for Railways in New South Wales bns notified that packages intended for competition at the Ballnrat Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, and addressed ? ' Secretary Industrial Exhibition, Ballnrat,' will be received at all stations up to and on Snturdny, February 9th, and convoyed free of charge. We have not beard of any exhibits being Bent from Gundagni. The detective police force in Melbourne has failed to obtain the slightest cluo to the whereabouts of the child who was kidnapped from Fitzroy about a month ago. Mil. JoiHf Marks has been summoned to the Legialutive Council to represent the Government in that Chamber. Mr. Marks, it will be remembered, represented the constituency of Kitima in the Legislative Assembly in tho early days of responsible Government, nnd the experience which he then obtained of public affairs will doubtless be of value in enabling him to net with ad vantage as the representative of the Cabinet in the Upper House. Parliament will meet for the dispatch of business on Tuesday next. A man named Charles Harden, nf the Go vernment printing office, who fell from n fire balloon or montgolfier in the pavilion in the Domain on Saturday night List, died on Monday morning, nnd a verdict of man slaughter has been recorded against Mr Rufus ' Wells', the mronnut. Sin John Robfutson b.is decided to repre sent the electorate of Mudgee in Parliament. An election for East Macqnarie, for which he had also been returned, will therefore immediately take place. Mb. Charles A. Gooncii.u1, secretary of the ruilwav branch, is to be appointed commis sioner of railways. — Mr. Donald Verunii, late traffic manager, succeeds Mr Guodchap as secretary. — Mr. Carlisle retains the position of traffic manager, the duties of which office he has discharged since the suspension of Mr Vernon. CirifNiNGiMJfK, for the Cnirns murder, was executed nt Cnnktnwn on Monday. He con fessed to having shut an Austrian, and killing him on the spot. Cunniiighaina died 'repentant. Tiik following selection w.is taken up 'nt the Coota mundrn Land-office lust week : — Wilhelm Konig, 75:). Stockinbingnl. 