FRIDAY, MARCI 21, 1879. A GENTLEMcAN passed through Said On WVednesddy on his way to Melbourne, taking with him about half a hundred weight of galena specimens found by him at Buchan last week. Ilo has left some at this office for public inspection. He informs us that a lode shows itself for adistanco of about twelve feet, and that it lies between regular strata of limestone, close to where limestone and porphyry blond; so that, according to the opinion of practical miners, there is oevery probability of this being the cap of an extensive lode. With coal at Moo, gold at Briagolong, lead (oand pro bably silver) still further east, prophe cies concerning the vast mineral riches of North Gippsland seem to be on the eve of fiulfilment. The discovery of the last-named treasuro is due to the clear ance of scrub by recent bushfires wlhich laid bare thesurfaceof thl supposed lode. The whole neighbourhood abounds in indications of mineral deposits, which w.ill not long remain undisturbed. Hitherto the mountain fastnessos in our territory to the north and north-east have remained unexplored; but the time is not far distant when effolrts will be made to gratify the curiosity which such discoveries as we have recently lied the pleasureo of recording are stilnu lating. It is not likely that the "jeweller's shop" at WValhalla is the only one of its kind in the ranges of North Gippaland. With respect to the coal deposits of the New Province, Mr Woods stated at the opening of the now Albion iron works on Tuesday, that the Iailwny department are now organising a regular and thorough prospect for coal in the Gippsland district. If (ho said) their hopes and expectations wore real ised, coal would ie cheaponed through out Victoria. They woere prospecting in very good ground. A 2ft. soam had been discovered, and they were now on deavouring to follow it up into a large governmental reserve. That reserve would be thoroughly prospected before the Railway department was done with it. All these things point to the pro bability that North Gippsland will be come the seat of extensive and profitable industry, which would never have exist ence were it not that the railway affords a " cheap, easy, and accessible" mode of gaining accesss to the interior of what until very lately has literally been a terra incognita. The 1P. and O. steamer Siam arrived at Albany yesterday with the European mails of February. She is expected to reach Ilobson's Bay on Wednesday next. The Sylvesters will make their first ap pearance at the Mechanics' Institute to. morrow evening, assisted by Professor SlIman and Miss Franz. The Bairnsdale Courier terminated its nine years' independent life on Saturday last, and is now incorporated with the Advertiser. Several publications, including Messrs Gordon and Gotch's excellent Australian HIandbook for 1879, shall receive notice in our next. One of the most remarkable of curiosities is advertised to be on exhibition at the premises next Mr Lowery's, Foster-street, to-morrow, viz., Dominic Sonsee, the smallest man alive. The particulars will be seen in our advertising columns. The Sandhurst Industrial Exhibition will he opened on Wednesday next, by His Excellency the Governor. Trains will run at excursion fares from all sta. tions to Sandhurst. The amount collected at Sandhurst, tup to Tuesday evening,in aid of the Glasgow Relief Fund, was only £81, which it was thought would probably be increased to £100. More than this was expected from the premier gold field, where Scots are so many. A meeting of the Sale Rowing Club was held at the Royal Exchange Hotel last evening; Mr Cronin in tihe chair. The following resolutions were passed, viz.: 'That the entrance fee and first quarterly subscription be payable on the 5th April; that Messrs Sutcliffe and Gregson act in conjtnction with thie match and river comn mittee; that Messrs Fidler, Sorensen, and Harvey be a building committee; that £5 be given to the secretary to defray petty expenses; that Messrs Simmons, Sorensen, Goold, and Webb be appointed a sub-com mittee to report on boats ; and that the opening of the club be celebrated by an entertainment, to be held shortly. A tea and public meeting in connection with the Holy Trinity Church, Stratford, was lheld at the State School on Tuesday evening last. There was a large attend ance. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. W. Green, the Chairman, Canon Watson, Rev. J. IIollis, Mr Tracy, Ier. Mr Christie, and the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop. The Bishop's address was a very powerful and effective one, and was de livered with his usual energy and elo quence. On Wednesday the Bishop preached at Iriagolong, ansd returned to Sale yesterday. On Sunday next he will officiate at Maffra in the morning, and Sale in the evening, and on 'Thursday will at tend a tea meeting at Rosedale, en route to Melbourne. Tihe Argus of yesterday charges the Age with having committed a telegraphic fraud in this way:-Sir Bryan O'Loghlen gets a message from the Chief Secretary in London; it is handed to the Age, which publishes it as having been obtained by the " Australian Press Agency." The cost of the message is £80, which is paid by the Government, and tihe message being public property, ought to have been sent to all the journals. But it is appropriated by the Age, which is thus supplied at Government expense, and endeavours to conceal the fact by falsely attributing tihe message to its own Agency. This is the charge against the Age; it should be answered, if possible. At the Police Court on Wednesday, be fore Mr HIIwitt, P.M., Hlenry Miller was charged with using obscene language with in hearing of the public on the nights of the 17th and 18th inst. The defendant did not deny the charges, but pleaded tlat he had received provocation front a blind man. Sergeant Irwin produced the charge sheet, showing the defendant had been convicted on similar charges, and was but lately released after doing a sentence of six months. lie was fined 30. or 60 hours imprisonment in default of payment. De fendant decided to go to gaol. An act of malicious injury was perpe trated on 'iTuesday night, or early Wed nesday morning, by snme scoundrel or scoundrels for whose discovery a reward of £50 is offered. Several coaches belong ing to Mr George Ellis had been prepared for work on the race days, and were left standing in front of the yard. Before putting tihe horses to them on Tuesday morning it was accidentally found that tihe whole of the nuts lhad been removed fromn the axles of three of tihe number, thus rendering them useless for work. Had they started with a living freight, the con sequences woulld have been serious to the passengers. As it is, tihe damage resulting from this iniquitous act is pecuniary only, and tlihat not so great as the ruffians who committed it contemplated, as vehicles be longing to Messrs Robertson and VWag ner's establishment were kindly placed by their local agent at the service of Mr E]llis. In another column will be found Mr Ellis's advt., in which Ihe offers a re ward of £50 for the discovery of the of fender or offenders, and we trust hIe will be successful in unearthing him or them. Among other consequences of tice Glas goew Bank ficlure, we find tice following narrated by tice correspolndent of at Glans gow paper:--"The recent tlecisiou of the Sectclh courts as to tihe personal liability of trustees in cases where a portion of tile trust consisted of shares in thie City of Glasgow Ihank will very seriously affect a noble lortld ocwning property in Lanark shire and Ayrshire. When hIe succeeded to thie estates ie fonccd them hIeavily enm Iharrassed thlrough tice recklessoess of tice two precedicg hIolders of his title. Ily tihe exercise of great aprudence anet modteration hIis lordlship lthad secceeded in placing hiis affairs in a statle dtequate to the position hIe holds, and Ihad thie satisfaction ocf seeing hIis income naugmented to £60,000 a year lwhen thie City of Glasigosw Bank crash cacme. It so happened that, a few years ago, tice noble lord Ihad, out of pure kind liness of lspirit, consented to act as trustee for two youncg lhcdies, upon eaci of whlom £(100 in City HIank shares was settled. lie now beernies liable as a trustee to tice wlole extent l'of his incomce." Mtr Johnc Strachatn, auctioneer, of Bal. larat, was killed ocn Tuesday mornincg by an accidental discharge of hIis gun, while ott shooting. lie was chlarging onee of thie barrels, lwhen thle other suddenly ex ploded, through tice trigger catchling in some broom. D)eath was instantaneous. Mr Strachan leaves a wife and four children. Page is committed for trial on charges of embezzling funds of the South Mel. bourne Building Society while acting as its secretary. The Secretary for Education and the Deputy Postmaster-General are preparing the necessary regulations for the establish ment of penny savings banks in connexion with the state schools. It is intended that the system shall be grafted on to the pre. sent Post-office Saving Banks system. Only £120,000 will now be available for new state schools, instead of £200,000 originally allotted; consequently only the most urgent cases will be considered in the disbursement of the vote for school-build. ing purposes. The reduced amount of the loan will also similarly affect railway con struction, and a new Railway Bill, with a diminished schedule, is being prepared by the Cabinet. A deputation from the shire council of Narracan, introduced by Mr Dwyer, M.L.A., waited upon the Minister of Lands on Wednesday, in reference to a sale of allotments of land in the town of Waterloo, which had been advertised for the 28th inst. It is stated that six of these allotments had been improved, but no valuation had been made. T'he Mini ster explained that no valuation could be claimed, but he would agree to withdraw those six allotments, and allow the value to be tested by the sale of the unprovided lots, after which the others would be sold. A boy named Smith, 12 years of age, put his band into an earth hole at IIorsham on Saturday in search of a rabbit. He found instead a snake, which bit his fore finger. Having a tomahawk with hint, he at once chopped off the finger below the injured joint, tore a piece off his shirt, made a tourniquet, and then went home and reported himself. A surgeon was sent for, who improved upon the amateur surgery, and brave ?aster Smith is pro gressing favourably. It is to be hoped that his perception of what to do, and courage to do it, will grow with his growth and strengthen with his strength. The Postmaster-General has, for some time past, been conducting inquiries into the present system of managing suburban and small country post and telegraph offices, and as the result of the information obtained, he has decided to effect a conm plete alteration. For years past it has been customary, in districts where the postal and telegraphic business is limited, to allow it to be conducted by a local storekeeper. Mr Patterson considers this system open to many grave objections, and has therefore decided to take the business off the hands of private individuals, and appoint an officer of the department in each locality to conduct the postal and telegraph business. This will only be done in places where the revenue will justify the increased expenditure, the only places at present decided upon being IBrunswick, Carlton, Flemington, Kew, Lillydale, Murchison, Maiffra, Rlomsey, and Wedderburu.-'Telegroph. Sir C. Gavan Duffy, at the Melbourne St. Patrick's banquet lauded the system of Constitutional Government under which the Great Briton lives, and remarked that "it is immnediately copied by every state which pretends to liberty." Whereupon the Star pertinently asks what states have copied the plebiscitum, or trusted the con. trol of finance to the absolute will of a majority in one House ? The hton. gentle man is credited with a desire to fitist hoth these principles on the colony, though neither is to be found in the British Con stitution. Sir C. G. Duffy's professions and his practice (remarks the Star) do not go together. Privately, and yet in virtue of his position as Speaker, he assures a festive assembly of his countrymen that our existing system is "coeval with modern liberty," and impresses on them its value and adaptability to the varying wants of modern society, and yet supports proposals which aim at its overthrow I 