The Late Fatal Fires at Colac, BY AiEerRIC TELEGRAPH. (from ofjk own correspondent, ) COLAC. Tottpktiav: Mr, T.D. S. Heron, P.M., opened a coronial inquiry to-day, at the court-house, Colac, into the cause and origin of the late fatal bush, fires, under a commission issued bv the Minister of Justice on 1st Much. Captain Cm. ton conducted the case for the police. The evidence of the first and principal witness, William. : Billings, hush carpenter, residing at Colac, was as follows On 6kh February, between 12 and 1 o'clock, I company of George Woods, a bullock-driver named Isaac Duck, and my two sons, Alexander and William. We were in Mr. Andrew Murray's paddock, s? joins Mr. WhitcheU St&ndley;'s paddock to tht west. At this time no fire Was visihle whatever. I could see all Mr. WhitcheU Standby's paddock from where I Stood, Oa our return home, about a quarter of an faQO.? after, I passed the corner of Mr. WhitolieU Standby's paddock. I left Mr, Woor.s with Mr, Andrew Murray, janr, at Mr- Murray's paddock, and returned to Mie. Woods's house. To the Coroner : My two sons were with toe then. The corner of Mr. Standley's paddock we passed was the north corner over against Mr. Croagh's. Witness continued : Before I left Mr. Woods, he infifcruGfr/d me and my sons not to toko the saddles, off our horses ; we knew thst was to be ready to hunt bush-fires. We went to his house to get dinner, and arrived there at half past 1. At this time there was ho sign cf fire in Mr. Standley's paddocks anywhere else. The day was very ho1 and the wind was blowing middling strong a little north of west. To. the Coroner : That wind wonld blow a fire from Mr. Murray's paddock to Whit- obeli's. Witness continued : After dinner 1 went too a stockyard on high ground in a paddock of Mr. Murray's. 1 had a good view from there. After looking round, I saw a column of -smoke arising in Mr, Whitchell's paddock that wonld be nearly a mile from wher stood. The smoke came nearly middle of the paddock. This mv C" , boat 2 a'cuSt I ran and called my sons. W> i, U8e» the fira .t Sice. ohef« Pf1"ock' found tb/fire ifthe uy sob jamd off fence ths' u ct down the top rail of the w%'bL/4Siimg I get thro?eh- Tho fi'0 w« 300 yard. west of Whitehall's. 3- y"d" "oath.west of the When we got to the fire, it feoahl not have been :oag ,t»rted. There were only .boat t rte MreB bntnfc Xo t . . c» we- had to pass within thirty or forty yarfl 0f Whitchell's house. Saw no Mgns living being about the house. They might have been inside, bat we mast £ve seen them had they been onteide. 1 bailed ont to my sons to follow me, as I feared they would go to the south of the dam, where the thick scrub was near the fire. There avaB no tent there, but the poles were stand- iu£« There was no back fire at the time. To the Coroner: The fire 1 saw was the only Bra in the paddock. 1 rode nearly round the fire, and saw no ono bat my sons. Mr. Murray owns the land on two sides of Mr. Whitchell's paddock. I came in en the east side. Witness continued : 1 started to go to the Kings', bat found 1 should get jammed between the fire and the scrub. 1 Had to go back into Mr. Murray's paddock to get to King's house. That took me round three-fourths of the fire. 1 wanted to warn Mrs. King. Her house is about 600 yards from the fire. Mr. King's paddock adjoins Whitchell's on the south. I returned to my sons, and we attempted to pat the fire in Whitchell's paddock ont. We found it too strong for us, and went to Croagh's corner. That corner is the corner of Croagh's, Stand- ley's, and Murray's pad docks . We saw no one there. About 3 o'clock we met Mr. Harlock and Mr. Croagh. A few minutes after Mr. Hickf ord came up. He sent me to tarn some horses oat of a paddock of Mr. Murray's, a mile off. After this I returned to Croagh's corner, and went with the rest to try and beat out the fire. The fire was too strong for us, and we had to go back to a road on which we started back fires to prevent the large fire from crossing the road. At this time the smoke was too dense for us to tell whether Whitchell's house was then burnt or not. The wind had then changed to . a little south of west. There was a very great body of fire. 1 am quite positive, from what 1 saw, that the tire originated in Mr. Whit chell's paddock. This is the same fire which 1 at first saw. In riding through the bush in Mr. Whitchell's paddock, from the house down to the dam, I passed over several heaps of saplings and scrnb, whicn had been recently burned. They were not then burning. To the Foreman of the Jury : When we entered Whitchell's paddock, on the east side, only my two sons were wiih me. To Captain Burton : I gave information to Sergeant Swale iaBt week. I have not been examined previously. The only evidence of importance after this was that cf Alex. Billing's, eldest son of last witness, who stated that after their first at tempt to put out the fire, he and bin father and brother went into Mr. Andrew Murray's paddocks, and lighted a back fire, to meet that in Standley's paddock. The wind ' was blowing across Murray's paddocks to Standley's at the tim9, and the back fire witness1 and his friends lighted met the other, and caused a great body of flame. The evidence of George Woods, Frederick Harlook, John King, and Mr. Andrew Mur ray, jun, , was taken, but it contained ccthiog of importance. The inquiry was adjourned until Thurs- . day, 17th April, when Mr. WhitcheU Standiey and little Ellen Miller will be able to give evidence. t i " / .r. " \- The miner Jenkins, who was injured by fall of earth at Castlemaine a few days ; Ttaw&ar.; 