CEBTAIH Oppoeition joaroals are serionsly exercised in their minds just now about the appointments made by the Minister of Education. The contention is that ability has. no chance with Major SMITH, when opposed to political influence; or, in other words, that if a person wants to enter the service of the State in this branch, or to obtain deserved promotion, he most exercise political influence to realise his purpose. One periodical, which views the Education Act and all its eurronndings with the bitterest dislike, goes still farther than this, and says, that" scandalous injustice" is perpetrated by Major SMITH to gratify "political partisans," whose relations, without certificates, are appointed in preference to other and noninfloential applicants, who possess these credentials; and this periodical challenges " contradiction of this statement," and adds that it will " be prepared to.famish names if a committee of enquiry is appointed." Now, all these would be very serious charges if true, and in that case would certainly deserve anqoaliGed censure. It woald be. a sad state of thiDgs indeed if a person, without ability or the necessary qualification, was placed in a State school, simply because he or she had parliamentary in. tiuence, to the exclusion of othera who had proved their fitness by passing the requisite examination, bnt who had not friends to work the department on their behalf; and any Minister who could indulge in a practice of this sort would certainly deserve to be immediately ejected from office. But are these charges true? Does political influence lead to unqualified persons being placed in the schools, or the want of it cause qualified persons to be excluded from the service of the department ? We unhesitatingly give a point-blank negative to these questions, because we happen to have good reason for knowing that nothing of the kind has wilfully occurred since Major SLTLTH took charge of the Education Office. There is probably no man in the colony on more intimate terms of friendship with Major SMITH than the editor of this journal; and we can most positively and truthfully state that we have known Major SMITH over and over again refuse to appoint unqualified candidates to the schools, although they have been recommended by members of bis own party. Indeed, he has told as repeatedly that no quantity of political influence would induce lum to be guilty of any anch wrong tx>th to qualified persons and the State; and he has expressed himself.so strongly to as in this respect, that we bave no doobt whatever that he has faithfully adhered to his iBtatement. Still farther, we have known Major SMITH to appoint and promote leachen in this district, who were "quite"opposed'to the present Government. They were, however, fitted for the appointment .or promotion_wtich they received; and that is alt that Major SMITH cared to knotf^nything aboutjbefore conferring x>n them , what they sdCed for. Personally, therefore^ Bswslljts joomalistically, .nttem poeSiivtily deny that any of the wymirfinnB levelled against Major SMITH of late have the least troth in them, or that' he has done anything to' deserve such charges. That -unqualified perrons may have found their way mto the "K&OOTS; is very probable. Accidents rwill happen in the beet - regulated families ; and; it -Is quite possible that there may' be teachers in the department who had no right, according to the rides, to have been admftted or promoted. Thne are, we believe, about 4000 teachers in the.department; changes are- freqoent, .especially among8tihef^tde^rtion,®wmgto'tnar- ! riage and other canaea—thus necessitating something like twenty appointments or promotions eve^y week; andltis quite possible' that borne mistakes' may "have "been .made, or some ovsnighte coinmitted, -when dealing with auch a laige number. It is to these mistakes ior oversights, if any such have occurred, to which the Ckurck bf £rigiand Meetenga- probably refers in the quotation given- above, and which we have, no doubt will" prompt.' ' tie. Minister to enquire into the subject. ~ But' that Uajor SMITH has knowingly-act aside qualified Candida team favor of unqoalified, orpipmotedteacfcera of the latter dassjas; against the claims of the former, or that he has allowed political influence to force him from doing what is right both to the State and the department in the discharge ot his functions, we know to be an absolute untruth. Major SMITH is the last man in the. colony to be guilty of any such act; and the strong personal regard which he has for our educational system, the sense of justice which pervades his administration, and the almost feminine terror which he exhibits about doing " -anything thvt can be construed into. an actrderogatoiy to a Minister of the Crown, is a complete refutation of the libel: The probability is that laome error from inadvertence has been committed; that the XHmrch of England Messenger has been ".laid on "to the mistake; that a mountain has been made out of a molehill, and that when Major SMITH examines into the charge made this will be the net result of the investigation. " We are quite satisfied, indeed,. that nothing else can -accrue, because, as we have shown above, we have strong personal reasons for taking this view of the subject. That a great deal can be made ont of nothing, where the impulse is strong, and the conscience somewhat elastic, is well Bhown by an incident that has lately occurred in this town. About a fortnight ago Mr Boss was appointed teacher of the night-school on Soldiere' Hill. No political influence was med in this case ; or rather, to be strictly correct, when one political friend of Mr Boss, and the only one, spoke to the Minister on the matter, he heard enough to make it doubtful whether he bad not done more harm than good -by interfering. Mr Boss' application, however, had been received by the department; and after a short delay be was appointed. Why - was he. appointed? Simply- -because the night - school was utterly demoralised, through being, handed over to pupil teachers, who alone would have anything to do with it; because no fully qualified teacher cared to have the appointment, and because, for obvious reasons, Mr BOSS was well qualified for the position. What is the result ? Why, that there are already forty-five students on the roll, and that a most useful addition to the Macarthur street school will be the result of Mr Boss' appointment. After reading the nonsense that has been -written abont this event, any ordinary person would conclude that a splendid sinecure had been bestowed on Mr Boss, and that what had been done by the Minister in this case was something that was daringly unprecedented. But, after paying aU expenses, it is donbtful If'Mr BOSS will realise £20 a-year by his appointment, which he has gone into for the love of the thing, since he has to pay for all teaching assistance, gas, and everything else that is required, save stationery, out of the small fees he will receive for his labors. On the other hand, there is nothing novel in the appointment of an ontside person to take charge of a night-school, because the Bame thing prevails at the Dana street school; and everybody is well satisfied with the arrangement. Yet this incident has given riBe to a statement that a " ring " exists in this town to work the Education Department; and all sorts of trickery and dodgery are eaid to be associated with itB proceedings. The fact is that if a ring was put through the noses of these slanderers, and they were compelled to sit in the stocks until they apologised for their nasty libels, it would be no more than they deserve, and it would be a large public advantage also. There wonld then be fewer of these falsehoods ottered, and everybody would be vastly benefited by their disappearance. However, it will be seen by the incident we have jnst described how small things can be magnified into great events, where, as we have said above, the impulse is strong and the conscience elastic. It is indubitably the proneness of the Opposition papers to make much out of comparatively little that has led the Church of England Messenger to assail Major-SMITH, and charge Mm with acts of wrong-doing, which he would be the last man in the community to commit tfo one could have a higher notion of the duties of a Minister of the Crown than Major SMITH, and therefore no Minister of Education was ever IBSB open to the charge which the Church of England Messenger makes than the present occnpant of that office. The fact is, that the Education Department was never better administered than it is now, and there is no truthfully denying this statement. ALTHOUGH there has been a good general business transacted in the mining share market during the past week, the transactions have been principally confined to goldyielding mines, nearly all of which have shown an advanced -value on opening prices; but on the other hand, stocks, in those mines in a progressive state have gradually declined in price, owing to holders nndnly forcing the market. Black Hone shares were in good favor thoroughoot, and advanced steadily from £5 12s 6d on Monday to £ 5 17s 6d on Saturday, but owing probably to the yield being lighter than nsual, sellers came forward at the cloee and offered at £ 5 16s, while no more .than £6 14s wonld be given. As nsnal, Egerton kept company with its neighbor in the steady increase in .' price, Bales having been made at the opening at 53s ex din. of 1B per share, bnt after selling at 57B 6d, there were no holders willing to qnit under 61B. Paike^B United stock has long been noted for its wavering eccentricities, and another example was given at the Idose of the market by the price of shares dropping suddenly from 5s to 4s 3d, caused by the yield for the fortnight being below expectation. Kingston stocks "have well maintained their value, with the. exception of Lone Hand, but although very few shares in this venture have changed hands. holders were satisfied to ocoept>4s: less at the .dpae tha^ at tbe commencement ,of3he week's business. New North Climes became firmer, and were well held -for £10 5s, diowing an advance of 10a on the opening price. There was, however, quite a •panic in Lothair stock, for althongh nominally held on .Monday at 15s, the quotation .-dropped next day to 9s, and on the day following sales were made at. 5s; bnt afterwards 8s was given, and there were no sellers under 9s_6dat,the dpee. New-" mgtdn, too, had-sn uneasy. market,"utihi race of favorable news ffom the mine, and fell from 29s to 23s. The discovery of the lode in the New Koh-i-Noor Company at thB 590 feet levri hid the effect of improving the value of shares in-holders' opinion from 9d to lid, -while the near resumption " of washing operagons at the Hew Australasian, mine at Oreswick caused numerous transactions in that stock op to' lis 6d, fearing very tew sellers in the market. Magdala, having had sales at 10* firf • sinnn^i a. ca «t 10s 6d, -dropped to £a 6d at the finiBhof the week's business. OfDunollv stock". North Birthday were most In favor, consequent on favorable-indicationratrthe f® 6 ' «>»d buyers advanced 7 from 19s to 22s. The above were the most noticeable ^variations, /from-which it will be seen that although Re market was hardly go firm -ot the dose r as at the opening of the week's business, still investors are not wanting, who are Confident- of the future of the mining industry. The attention of Ballarat capitalists has of late been directed towards the leads at Waterloo Flat, near Beaufort, by the success of the New Victoria Company and Hobart Pasha Company. Two more ventures have been floated during the past week, viz., the New Victory and the Great Waterloo companies, and the prospects in both instances are in every way satisfactory. In Ballarat East, two quartz discoveries of importance have been made in the Queen and Devil's Point No. 3 Tribute companies respectively, each having struck a good vein of gold-bearing stoue with excellent prospects. We are glad to notice the presence once more on the gold-yielding list of the old Llanberris Company, which has been taken on tribute by PBITCHABD and party, and the average yield of 62 per fortnight is proof that there is plenty of rich quartz within the boundaries of the claim, which only wants developing, and we have no doubt that under the - able management of the leader of the party this work will be done as soon as possible. While quartz mining in the East, therefore, is going ahead, the fortnight's yield of 129- oz from the Guiding Star tribute, together with the recent discovery in the Koh-i- Noor claim, are equally matters for gratification. The dividends declared during the week are: — Clones Quartz, 4s; Dyke's Freehold, 2s; De Murska, 2s 6d; New Dimock's, £1; and the comparative yields are as follow:— Last Week. Week Before os dwt gr City of Canterbury Byke's._ De Murska. it 10 12 "53 d ? 12 150- 0 0 214 16 0 21515 0 118 12, 0 Dnchess........................ 18' 4 12 15 6 6 230 0 0 227 0 0 Kingston Park Little Stream, Newtown... Hew Kuroka 40 11 0 13 15 0 66 5 0 6 14 0 77 17 0 8 6 0 105 18 0 10 17 12 Beform 211 8 0 222 8 0 Byan's Junction ............ 78 0 0 67 5 0 Baceconrse 50 0 0 84 14 0 BistorL 246 10 0 278 0 0 Trunk Lead .................. 86 17 0 94 0 0 Last Fortnight. Fortnight Before. Band and Albion Consols 244 0 0 303 0 0 221 19 0 281 11 0 189 17 0 92 1 18 62 17 18 62 8 17 No return 11 10 18 New North Olunes 150 0 0 239 0 0 New Dimock's .............. 87 10 0 27 0 0 Nil Desperandum............ 19 16 0 Parker's United ............ 127 0 0 176 0 0 Queen's Birthday... 676 0 0 682 0 0 202 0 0 204 3 0 859 14 0 436 0 0 6 9 11 16 14 15 Port Phillip (month) imperial (uiree weeks) ... 1348 15 0 77 8 18 1182 6 0 49 6 18 An agreeable change in the weather took place on Saturday, a cool breeze having set in daring the morning and continued all day. Daring the afternoon the sky became overcaat, giving promise of a rainfall, but afterwards the clouds cleared away, and a cold easterly breeze set in, which prevailed yesterday. The bmh- firea around the diatricthave now been nearly extinguished, bat not without great labor and risk to life. On Saturday telegraphic communication with Stawell was interrupted on account of the telegraph poles having been burnt down. We are asked to publish the following letter, as a reply to certain unwarrantable statements which have been made lately on a very delicate subject— "Ballarat, 7thFebruary, 1879. H. Glenny, Esq, J. P., Ballarat. Dear sir,—On Behalf of myself and sisters (executors of the will of my late father. Lewis Hanson), I have to thank you heartily for the disinterested trouble imposed upon yourself, and undertaken by you, upon the death of our Father. We have been informed of what you did on the emergency in question, and we may confidently say that all your acts in the matter have not only met our fullest approval and approbation, but deserve our best thanks, which I trust you will accept.—I am, dear sir, yours very sincerely, J. H. HANSON." A similar letter has been received by Mr Scott, J.P, Bridge street. We have been informed that there are hush-fires in the neighborhood of Cape Clear and Bokewood, while between Haddon and Carngham there are five miles of burnt country. Between Staffordshire Beef and Italian Golly also, a Urge fireis raging. The lake and gardens had a goodiy number of visitors yesterday, and the vaiieus craft on the lake were kept very -busy conveying passengers to and from the gardens. The water in the lake is just now very low, and both it and the gardens look as though they would be much the better for some heavy niinB. The fountain at the top of Webster street has been set with.rockwork in inch an artistic manner that it is quite an ornament to the portion of the lake in which it is erected. The fence put round it to protect it from the incursions of enthusiastic fishers, who wonld displace the rocks, is now finished, and gives it quite an ' completeness. Mr Turton has left 10s with as in aid of the sufferers by the bush-fires. We shall be glad to receive further contributions for this deserving purpose. The Eight Bev. Dr Moorbouse, bishop of Melbourne, preached at St Paul's Church yesterday, both morning and evening, and on each occasion •here was a very large congregation, especially at the latter service, when the church was crowded, and numbers of persons were unable togain admission to the building. The collections, which were in aid of the church funds, amounted.to £31 10s. Some little disturbance was caused at one of the porches by one of the members of the congregation, who, though he did not arrive very early, insisted npon having his own pew, and who consequently caused the removalof the persons who had been seated by the verger in the pew before bis arrival. The following letter, which speaks for itself, has been received by the chairman of the City Bo«d Of Advice:—" Sir, I bave the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2nd instant, forwarding the resignation of Mr Boss of his seat aa a member of the Board of Advice. The department folly concur with your remarks aa to the efficiency of Mr Boss, both as member and corresponaent of the board, and I have to request that you will-convey to that gentleman tie thanks of the department for the services be rendered.—I am, Aa, A. Lzsus. pro aecretaiy- Chartee Stewart, Esq, chairman. Board of Advice. No. 4 Ballarat." The firuit-atallkept by Mr John Beid, at the Gardens, was broken into by some thieves on -Saturday night, and a quantity of fruit, valued in Mlat £6 Ga, was stolen from it. The thieves reeled-an entrance by removing the shatters (there are no windows in front olibe stall) with i crowbar, and the removal of the fruit us mmparaUvelyeasy. The rogues appear to bave been disturbed at their nefarious work, for they departed ao hurriedly that they left the crowbar behind them. The matter has been reported to the police At tbe meeting of the Smythesdale Borenth Cotrnca, held on the 7th instant, the mayor's report ol[the public meetingof tteratepaym on the ••^J^^jr"" ""pply was read, Sad Cr Keith moved-^TOwt the report be receivedand adopted. and that -a- committee of three members be m Pwntrf to cooperate with a similar number of von^nof the torengb council of Browns^ acarsdale in *cnnog a water supply to tbedis- SSi the said committee to consist of Councillors m0Te r " The rootioa »«s««.ded by Councillor Parker, and Tbe watesupply qoatioo w u thM .a,,™^ " highly probable that i;??® • and « it eventuated, lie lut, event for the Dyte cup wa.«iled on tbe lake on Satnr- Achievement, Vagabond, Sj^ ^ ^ i ^ S 0 ^ Beporter, Fridi if the , and Albin left their moorings at the sound of-the starting gun. There was afresh southeast breeze.blowing, ana tbe boats travelled well, the three first-named being placed, and in the order named. The following were the timea of the winning boats:—Achievement, 61 min. 30«ec.; Vagabond, 52 min. SO sec.; Coquette, 53 min. ittis made the third win to tbe Achievement, Which consequently takes the cup. The Scud came to grief in tbe race, going dow-n with aU on board. The 'quarterly meeting of the Prince Albert Loage, LO.Q.T, waa held last Friday evening in the City fire Brigade Hall, Ibe niual reports were resd,.showing that tbe lodge was progressing -mostlavorably. Br C. Boyd, acting** G.W CT assisted by Br Grant, u G&, and Br Meagher' as G.u, installed die following aa officers for tbe current quarter:—W.C.T., Br T. Millar- VT BrCrotty; a,BrDuthIe; F.S,SrG. Leith• V Br H. Bradbury; C4 Br Ho wen j M., Br Gibbs' IG, Br C. Simmons; O.G., J. Simmons ; AJS, Br 3 Grant; B-H S., SrT. Miliar"; L.H.S„ SrGrant' After the-installation, the ball was cleared and tables hid out with a most abundant ana choice selection of cakes, sandwiches, confectionery, fruits, &c;,; the tables being relieved with several handsome epergnes and bouquets of flowers.About seventy remained to the entertainment; the large amount of business got through, making the boar late, prevented many others from remaining. The whole of the eatables were supplied by the ladies of the lodge, viz., Meadsmes T. Millar, Dunn, Gray, Grant, Farrell, and Rowen, who were especially active in making the affair a success. During the evening severed ladies and gentlemen gave excellent music and songs. Various popular pallor games were also gone through. Altogether a most agreeable .entertainment .characterised the whole proceedings. The inhabitants of Howitt and Gregory streets complain strongly of the drains from a slaughteryard " in the - neighborhood affecting their health. The stench dnring .the last tew days from the putrid blood. and offsl is stated to be abominable. There being no water or fall to -wash these filthy drains ont, tbe ground is thoroughly saturated with the germs of all sorts of fevers. A petition was sent to the Bungareeahire Council, signed by twenty residents of tbe locality, of which little or no notice has been taken. The following notice appears in the Gazette:— Sale of land at Ballarat on tbe 11th February. Lot 6, for area lr 6 8-10p, read lr G 6-10p : lot 13 for allotments II and 20, section 7, read allotments 11 to 20, section 7; lots 31 and 35, Kerrit B&reet;, read parish of BungaL Mr Caselli, J.P., presided at the City Police Court on Saturday, end remanded a little boy until Monday on a charge of robbing Mr Llewellyn's .fruit garden in Armstrong street south. Mr Anderson, J.P., presided at the. Town Police Court, and fined Michael Vernon 10s, in default seven days' imprisonment, for using oh scene language. - \- On .Saturday night some mischievous spirits pulled up the pole standing in front of the shop of Archer Brothers, haircutters, Armstrong street, and placed it in front .of Dr IQng'a private residence, 1 in Doveton street. The pole was removed before any customers were attracted to the doctor's residence by tbe new sign. Mr J. Noble Wilson is gazetted a trustee of the Ballarat Savings* Bank, vice Mr A. L. Lynn, deceased. The final playing-ofi, in connection with tbe Ballant Bowling Club,-for Mr Doroae's prize ("a gold medal), will take place on Tuesday next. Messrs M'Intyre and Normand are tbe only competitors left in, and as both are good players, a very keen contest is expected. The match between Learmonth and Ballarat took place on Thursday last, on the green of the former, and resulted in a victoty for the Ballarat club by 18 points. A meeting of members will take place on tbe green this afternoon, at five o'clock, when business of importance will be brongbt before the attendance. The members cf tbe local Reform League at Carngham have invited one of the members for Grenville, Mr D. M. Davies, MX. A, to meet tbem on Monday neit, 17th instant. Mr Davies has kindly consented to be present, so that a more than usually interesting meeting may. be expected. There were 120 indoor and 610 outdoor patients treated at the Ballarat Hospital daring "the past week. The land ou which tbe Ballarat City Flee Library stands is reserved from sale, by order of tbe Governor in Council. The employes of the Woollen Factory held their annual picnic at the Gong Gong on Saturday last, when abont seventy-five of tbem were conveyed in buses to tbe water reserve, where, thanks to fine weather and tbe catering of Mr M'Kenzie, a very pleasant day was spent, the picnickers returning to town early in tbe evening thoroughly satisfied with the day's amusement. Special services in celebration of tbe Town Mission Sunday school anniversary were held yesterday. The Rev. J. Walker preached in the morning to a large congregation, and in tbe afternoon a service of song was held, on which occasion Mrs.W. Little presided at the organ. Tbe songs, which were entirely new, were sung by a choir of 150 voices, sixteen pieces bong rendered altogether. Mr Hosking, tbe missionary, read a passage of Scripture as an introduction to each piece. In tbe evening Mr Hosking preached. Collections made on behalf of tbe Sunday school amounted to £10 12s 93. To-night the customary tea meeting will be held. On Thursday next the mission picnic will take place to the gardens. We understand that there are now 110 parentless children attached to the school. We have been requested to state that the Thos. Harte mentioned in the report of proceedings in the local Court of Mines on Monday, the 3rd instant, is not identical with Mr Harte of the Post Office Department. Mr Harte has no shares any mining company in existence. Mr F. M. Claxton sold by auction on Saturday, by order by tbe mortgagee, tbe field at Bungaree known as Butler's paddock. Mr P. Hogan was the purchaser, at £19 10s per acre. The firstquail we have beard of this season were to be seen on Saturday at the shop of Mr Morgan, fishmonger, Armstrong street. The following nominations are officially announced for the Ballarat Mining Board :—Ballarat —Mr F. C. Baker, Mr T. Kennedy. Bouinyong— Mr W. Graham, Mr J. Magor. Smy the'a Creek— Messrs T. Gribble, D. Hey wood, A. M'Donell, M. M'lnerney, J. P. Roberts, B. Bogers, T. W. Scott, R. Stephens, and J. H. Webb. The poll will be taken on tbe 22nd instant. A concert, &c.;, was held in the Wesleyan schoolroom, Mount Pleasant, on Friday night. There was a fair attendance. The programme, which was varied, was efficiently carried out, and was much appreciated by the audience, judging by the applause after each event. Mrs Greene was in good voice, and rendered her song, " Thy face," in a very pleasing manner. Mr Johns also rendered his song, "The British lion," exceedingly well, and, as an encore, gave "The four jolly Smiths." Messrs Wallis and Blight were also much applauded after their respective songs. Messrs Stocks and Stevens, by their humorous readings, kept their audience much amused. The programme was as follows" See the Moonlight Beam," company; organ solo, Mrs Morton; "The British Lion," Mr H. Johnsreading, "The Eton Stripling," Mr Stocks; "The Golden City,"company^ "Ob, Steer my Bark to Erin's Isle," Mr B ight; reading, " The Doctor and his Apprentice, Mr A. Stevens; " Father pray with me to-nigbt," Mr S. Wallis sacred, " Sing, oh ye Mountains," oompany l " Spring's brightglances," company; " Thy face^ Mrs Greene; reading, "A rata avis," Mr A. Stevens; " Lady, do not heed her warning," Mr S. Wallis; "Our beautiful home," company - leading, "Tbe well of St. Keyne," Mr Stocks- "The treasures of the deep," Mr H. Johni (encored); "Shall we meet," company; "We'll Down them with roses," company; " God save the Queen." Mr Grocott was i-wimm Mr S. Wallis conductor, Mias Champion organist, and Mra Morton and Miss Wedel pianistes. We ate compelled to stop the correspondence about the South Ward and Sebastopol bands, as the letters we are receivingare more personal than argumentative. The half-yearly meeting of tbe Ballarat Gas Company will be held at tbe office, Grenville atr«ti on Thursday evening, the 27th instant, at half-past seven o'clock. -The Bail way Department invites tenders this morning for the construction of nineteen gatetaepers cottages on the. Gedosg to Oneenscliff line. Particulars will be found in our advertising <*ilumns. A concert and distribution of prizes will take place at the Black Hill State school this evening The hon. the Minister of Education is announced to preeile. A concert in aid of a widow named Beattie, who has recently lost her hoabnnd after a long and Illness, wm take place at the Mechanic,' Hall, Snake Valley, on Wednesday next, 12th i , A 8003 Pnfcramme has been drawn up in which besides the local amateuraj several ladies and gentlemen from Scandale and Smythesdale will take part, so that a large attendance la expected. A local land board wffl sitat the City Police Court to-day, at two p.m. Mam»-Trotter and Webb's Marionettes wfll be ecbiblted _at tbe Mechanics' Institute,' this evening. Beudes the Christy Minstrel entertainment there-will be the usnal beautiful tableaux of" The BabM'in the Wood" and "Little Bed Biding Hood, .which were receivedwith such favor on tbe previous appearance here. St. Peter's Church picnic to Geelonjr it announced to take place ou Tuesday, the 25th a-fewday^1™° f wHdl^advertised in OUT advertising columns announces Sfi^L ^ . la , te o 0f C^brook, has re-opened the TJnicorn hotel, Start street. Mr Kirk won a good reputation at Carisbrook for the purity of his Uquott and the agreeable nature of his ae£,mmodation for lodgers, and no doubt he wffl be w equally successful here. ,,. M . 1 ' J - P- Roberts, one of the candidates for S f e - the Smythe's Creek ^"iners and others at the Greyhound hotel, Carngham, to-morrow (Tueaday) ,J evening, at eight o'clock. „ The annnsl meeting of tbe Independent Order of HscbaMtes of Victoria will be held in Geelong this afternoon, at.three o'clock, -.^e 5»TO received from Mr M. L. Hutchhuo-. il 5? U, °? » t « et west, Melbourne, a "copy of The Victorian Publisher*''Circular." The work profusely illustrated, and is no doubt very u«eful , tr *4f-., w l ljlre also.received a copy o The Australian Bacing Guide," with which is in- corporated Centaur's Index. The publisher is Mr Hurren, of 7 Post Office Place, Melbourne, and the published price Is a copy- Examinations of persons desirous of obtaining certificates as captains of shifts, underground managers, engineers, and engine-drivera vill will be held at tbe School of Mines, Lydi&rd; street, on Wednesday, the 19tb of March. The last day for receiving entries is Saturday, the 22nd instant. A meeting-brewers', wine and spirit merchants', and cordial manufacturers' employes is called for to-night at eight o'clock, at Craig's hotel, to arrange preliminaries for a picnic. Of the 1114:'peraons relieved at tbe Ballarat Benevolent Asylum last week 465 were children. Tbe following is tbe notice-paper for the meeting of the Orphan Asylum committee next Tuesday :—House committee's report, general business, fresh applications. " " ^ 'Messrs A. R. Wallis and M. Callanan, of the Lands Department, who were instructed by Mr Longmore to inspect the Otway.-State forest, have (says tbe Argus) sent in their report. They express their- opinion that tbe forest, from its rangy character, tbe poorness ot its soil, the density of its timber, and its inaccessibility to markets from the land side and the coast, is generally if not totally unfitted for. settlement. There are many , thoueands of acres on the Colac side of the forest boundary, including the valleys of tbe creeks that flow into the Barwon and GeUiband rivers(which, however, are precipitous and densely timbered), open and yet nnselected. The inspectors think that it is simply the fact of this land beiog reserved that makespeoplefancy it possesses special merit They are satisfioi that it is better in no respect than the nnselected lands outside the reserve, and it is much more inaccessible. So far as timber-supply is concerned, no harm would be done if the entire forest were thrown open, but its revocation would give employment to a few " land -abarks," who would induce persons to select land which tbey could not profitably hold. In any case the inspectors recommend that persons who may select in the forest should not be called npon to pay survey fees until tbey had practically proved whether or not they could profitably reside npon the land. In view of these facts, and seeing that no good purpose is likely to be served by withholding this land from -selection, the inspectors recommended that all outside the boundary of block A be thrown open. Mr Longmore on Friday formally approved of the report of the board, and then directed tbe land mentioned to be thrown open for selection accordingly. A harvest laborer, named George King, aged thirty-one years, met with a'serions accident (saya the Kyneton Gtuirdian*) at Stoddarfs farm, Bochford, on Monday morning last, while employed -pitching for a threshing-machine, which terminated fatally shortly after his admission to the Kyneton district hospital. It appears that King was engaged snpplying the machine from the top of a stack, when tbe hay npon which be waa standing unexpectedly gave way and precipitated him into the drum of the machine, where his legs got entangled in tbe machine and waa seriously crushed. & was at once placed upon a cart and brongbt into the Kyneton hospital, between eleven and . twelve o'clock, where he died as stated. A contemporary (remarks the Age) attributes to tbe indiscreet utterances, of- Ministers some slight disturbance that took place at tbe Horsham banquet. There were no indiscreet utterances, as politics were avoided, but tbe beat and the entrees had an exciting effect on a person who, nlged on by some employes of a squatter's newspaper, made himself, troublesome until he was firmly repressedby Mr Woods. If (remarks tie Herald) Messrs Berry and Pearson have gone straight on to London, without delay, tbey should bave readied there on Saturday evening. Speaking about the West Bourke election on Saturday, tbe Age says:—"A numerouslyattended meeting of the council'of theIfetional Reform and Protection League was held on Friday night, for the purpose of discussing tbe question as to the selection of a Liberal candidate to contest the vacant seat for West Bonrke. Many of the local leagues were represented. It waa intimated that J. T. T. Smith had definitely dedined to stand for private reasons. After tbe subject had been discussed for some considerable time, it was determined to leave the selection of a candidate to tbe representatives of the local leagues, who finally resolved to give their snpport to Mr Alfred Pes kin, bamster-at-law, Temple Court, who will therefore receive that of the Government. The decision that waa arrived at by Mr J. T. T. Smith not to become a candidate for West Bourke, has evidently induced some of the already announced candidates to take more active steps. Mr P. Kelly has issued an address to the electors. Mr T. E. Healey, who contested tbe election three or four years since; has decided to" solicit the suffrages of the constituency once more. Mr T. Little Is also in tbe field. The name of Mr O'Grady at Woodend was mentioned, apparently by a practical joker, as there was no foundation for the announcement." Two or three hours (say the St. Anaxd rimes) after Professor Baldwin and Mra Baldwin had left Cox's Royal hotel on Wednesday morning (after completing their engagement at St Arnaud), one of the housemaids at tbe hotel—Mary Black— found a parse in the bedroom occupied by tbe late visitors. On being opened, tbe purse was found to contain about £300, in notes' and silver. Tbe finder, with an honesty and promptitude well known aa prominent features of her character, took the valuable find to Mr Cox, wbo bad to wait the course of events, aa he was unaware of tbe Baldwins' destination, and only knew that they had departed by the seven a.m. train. A telegram, bowever, soon arrived from Maryborough, and in response the purse and contents were forwarded. Next post brought the rewardof honesty—in the shape of a post office order for the splendid sum of half-a-crown. We suppose this item may be added to the long list of " mysteries" attached to the Professor; but it is not likely that he can explain it. So completely (says the Herald) has the smoke from the various bush-fires shrouded the bay that vessels on Saturday found it difficult to get through the Heads either way. An excursion steamer, which left on Thursday for Geelong, could not find the entrance thereto, and was compelled to return without having reachedher destination. The foUowing telegram from Tnllarook appeared in Saturday's Age: — "It is satisfactory to state that the police authorities have succeeded in definitely ascertaining who the four men were that created such a scare in Seymour and Tullarook on Tuesday last, by impersonating the Kelly gang. The offenders who were guilty of such disgraceful conduct were selectors residing in the vicinity of Seymour, and it-is stated that they were all more or teas intoxicated at the time, and made ose of very offentive language to several respectable persons. The cases will be tried at Seymour in the course of "the next few weeks, theintention being to proceed by summons. At the present juncture the serious consequences likely to result from auch disreputable freak* cannot be over-estimated, and it is to be hoped that the perpetrators will be taugbt a severe -lesson."' A sad accident happened on Thursday week (says the Mooroopnd and TotHamha Telegraph of tbe 24th ultimo), by which a man named Patrick Rooney, driver for O'EarreU and O'Connor, brewers, met his death. It appears from the magisterial enquiry held on the subject that the deceased, while driving, picked up a little boy coming from school, to whom he handed the reins whilst be descended to open a gate. The team, after passing through, broke into a trot, and Sooney, in overtaking and endeavoring to catch the mna «n the off side, unfortunately touched the flank of the leader, which immediately kicked out, striking him on tbe chest, thereby causing a fracture of two ribs, besides injuring the lungs. It is stated that the deceased lingered in aatate of unconsciouanesB for twelve hours, wgen he died. Booney was much liked by his employers and others with wbomhe came in contact, and mnch sympathy is expressed for bis wife and child in toeur sad breavement. Booney occupied a aimilar position to that in which be died, for many years mtiie-employ of Messrs Murton and Leggo, Ballarat, but the scene ol bis duties waa tbe Smythesdale district, where he waa highly esteemed. Tbe news of his death wfll no donbt be. heard with general regret. The total quantity of grain (says the Age) sent Iran Murtoa this season is 58,950 bushels. Hie station nas been shut against receiving more for nearly a week, aa tbe department was unable to forward it. There are 10,000 bags now waiting to Be forwarded from Horsham. The millen refuse to take delivery of more wheat, and great indignation is expressed that grain cannot be sent off at once. The price offering is Ss 6d to 3s 7dper bushel. A meeting baa been hdd at Horsham today, to urge on the Minister of Railways the necessity of at once opening the line for the transit of goods, as Green HHla baa 10,000 bags in one stack waiting, and Horsham 18,000 to forward. Tbelist of subscriptions (saya the Telegraph) which have been contributed to the City of Glasgow Bank Belief Fund up to the precent timehaa been published. The committee bave arranged to canvass for subscriptions, and their preliminary effortahave been, we an glad to see, fairly auceewJnVaswithm a short time £858 bas been subscribed. The absence from town of tome of the leuhng members of the committee, and a pressure, or bntineai occnpying tbe attention of one of the non. secretaries, have somewhat delayed tbe effort being made to collect anbflcriptioas, bat the matter has now been taken up actively, and with every prospect of success. A movement has also been initiated at Sandhurst, where a msting «ill lield oa Monday evening, tinder the auspices oi the St. Andrew's Society. At Sale also, steps are being taken to swell the fund. The central committee have decided to inrite the co-operation of the residents of the principal inland towns of Victoria, and it is hoped that the aggregate subscriptions will produce a liberal snm in aid of the fand now being raised in Scotland. 