TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. f Australian PRESS AGENCY.J ECHUCA, WEDKESDAT EVENING. It is rumored here that tbe Kellys, or a gang of bushrangers, are in the neighborhood of Gnnbower, about thirty miles from here. Twelve troopers, fully armed, arrived by special train to-day, and immediately started in that direction. According to a letter received by Mr Barbour, M.P. for Moama, the Sydney Government have agreed to open the new bridge immediately they have submitted regulations for traffic to the Victorian Government. The inhabitants on both sides of the river axe anxious for the question to be settled. Tbe committee of the Ecbuca Race Club have decided to close tbe nominations for the Ecbuca Handicap, Hurdle Race, Handicap, and Town Plate on Friday evening. They anticipate liberal support. The weather is very hot, and bush-fires are raging in the north-west. HOWLONG, WEDNESDAY. On - Monday the police coming here from Chiltero. Albury, and the surrounding towns searched the country at Howlong. They found no trace of the Kellys. The Bank of Australasia here is well guarded by the police. SYDNEY, WEDNESDAY. The Executive Commissioner of the International Exhibition has invited tbe members of the Parkes' Administration, together with the general body of Exhibition Commissioners, to . meet bis Excellency tbe Governor at an official dinner on tbe 10th March next. The Cook statue committee are organising a Belies of moonlight concerts, to be held within the enclosure. The case of cattle-stealing against the Halls, father and eons, is proceeding. There is another charge to be preferred, that of stealing two blood mares, with foals at foot, from White's station, Murrumbidgee. The prisoners challenged seventysix jurors and the Crown nineteen. Mr Walter Cooper has been committed for trial for having assaulted Mr Heaton, of the Evening Maize, 3s 6d: potatoes, 3s 4d; wheat, best 5s, medium 4s 6d; flour, old £12 18s, new £il lOsto >£12 10s. The action for slander brought by Bogan against Dr M'Gibbon resulted in a verdict for the defendant A number of spurious bank-notes are in circulation. BRISBANE, WEDNESDAY. Information has been received by the Acclimatisation Society that a collection of over 600 plants is about to be forwarded to tbe colony as a gift from the Japanese Government. ADELAIDE. WEDNESDAY. Messrs Wigg and Sons' art exhibition, at the town hall, was opened to-day under favorable circumstances. The collection of pictures is excellent, including a number of works by South . Australian artists. Great preparations are being made for tbe Royal agricultural and horticultural sbow to be held tomorrow, and which promises to be a great success. A prisoner named Shepherd, serving a sentence at tbe Dry Creek labor prison, was killed by an accident on the railway this morning. The price of wheat is unchanged. PERTH (W.A.), WEDNESDAY. Mr James EL Thomas, Commissioner of Railways, has been appointed a member of the Executive Council. The Colonial Secretary, Mr Golds worthy, is seriously ilL The schooner Ansora has arrived from the Lacepede Islands, with Captain M'Each era and Messrs Poole and Co.'s laborers. The establishment of a college for girls is projected in Perth. NEW ZEALAND, WEDNESDAY. Tbe Tararua, from Melbourne, arrived at the Bluff on Tuesday, and the Claud Hamilton at Hokitika. 