itcmg flf i if ins. The It. mls. — TheSiaxn, -with the inward mails, reached Glenelg at 1 p.m. on Sunday, end left again for Melbourne st&ix; o'clock in the afternoon. She ehould reach Hobson's Bay this morning, in time for the mails to be delivered there on the feame-day, so that we may expect to receive our letters endpapers to-morrow evening. The Hospital Doctor. —There has seldom been so nnmeronaly attended a, meeting >f the Hospital Committee as that held yester day, when the appointment of a successor to the late Dr. Yialls came under consideration. It had been expected there wonlibe at feast fifteen or sixteen applications for the vacant office, bat only five were sent in, which would lead to the conclusion that there is at present too great a demand for doctors in other parts of the colony. The two favourites were— Dr. Dayman, of Edenhope, and Dr. Annan d, of Hamilton, who, in addition to his other degrees, on Saturday had that of Bachelor of Surgery conferred upon Iiim by the Melbourne University. A glance at the constitution of the meeting at once showed that it was to be a very warm contest be tween these two gentlemen. Indeed, one gentleman in the room prophesied that the voting would "be level, that the chairman would have to give his casting -vote, and this would be in favour of tbo Edenhope practi tioner. So it tamed out ; there were nine votes recorded for each, and Dr. Hayman won the day. The DnoucnT still continues, and from all rides come reports abdut thje eqpply of water being exhausted, the grass" devoid o) nourishment, and cattle, sheep, and horses, dying of exhaustion. Early on Saturday morning heavy black clouds rolled over the district, their appearance was welcomed ss sure indications that we were .bout to see rainfall, but they travelled quickly7 out of sight ; probably they burst over some more fortunate locality, perhaps they did not ; in any case, they acted, in a most tantalising. Jashion, - so for as Jthp people of this distinct 'were concerned. j After they had vanished, the blue vault of Heaven was to be seen "without a -speck on it, the sun blazed almost as furiously as in mid-summer, and when it set, there was every indication that we were to-have anotber hot dry -day Tm""8imday." This was the. case, prayers for raiitrare offered up in the churches, but a warm still evening with bats flying about, and insects buzzing all around, showed that unless a most unexpected sudden change set in, the supply of the much needed moisture was still fardistaut. Yesterday thesamestateof things continued, and people were asking themselves ' How is all this to end?" Still, badly off as we undoubtedly are, an even more unsatis factory state of affairs would appear to exist elsewhere, as shown by the following, which we clip from the Ararat Advertiser, viz. : — " a private fetter from Minyip gives a dole ful account of the scarcity of water in that neighbourhood, and the straits that settlers are put to, to keep their stock from perishing from thirst. Most of the dams are diy, and the carcases of dead sheep are to be found in many of them, as well as surrounding the permanent water-holes. Unless rain falls soon, the consequences must be most serious, and many of the farmers will be ruined. People are now prevented from ploughing by having to devote all their time to the carting of water. Sixteen miles, or, with the return journey, a distance of thirty-two miles, has to be traversed by numbers two or 'three times a week for water, whilst all other work is at a standstill. The evil will not even end with this year, as, unless 'the crops are got in early, the probabilities are that a general failure will result next season." Bush Fires continue to rage in the neigh bourhood of Hamilton, which is a .most extraordinary state of affairs to have' to chronicle during the latter portion of the month of ApriL It is said that the owner of Pierrepoint is suffering from the ravages of lire, and that the conflagration which did so much damage to Mr. t. Twomey's pro perty has not yet ceased ho burn, but has got among the stones on the Mount Napier estate," where, until rain comes, or "every blade of grass has been consumed, it will be impossible to thoroughly extinguish it. It keeps bursting out afresh, now here, now there, and during Friday and Saturday ad vanced on to the surrounding land with almost irresistible fury. Mr. Mathieson has, it is estimated, already lort some 1400 acres of grass by this latest outburst, and certainly not less than seven miles of fencing. Fires have also almost denuded of grass tbe Gazette station, which adjoins Mr. Mathie- sou's property . A Feathered . Pet 1 — Some .time ago, whilst on a visit to the Byadnk district, Mr. Cameron, jun., of Hopefield, espied a young eagle peeping over the side of its nest in a high gum tree. This was too good a prize to be lost, so, assisted by a friend, he cut the tree down, aud with it came the nest to the ground. To his surprise he found that the bird was folly fledged, its wings mea. suring close upon seven feet across. In fact, it ought to have been ashamed of itself for not flying away, but, probably it never anti cipated any danger, as two larger birds, sup posed to he its mother and father, were hovering over the tree, and when the fall came it must have become confused. Wbe- therornot, Mr. Cameron took his newly-found protegfi home to become a terror to the poul. try and other birds in general, although securely chained to a stomp. 1 Since then, every kindness and attention has been paid to the eaglet, which has become comparatively tame, that is to say, it now contents itself with one sharp peck at tbe calf of any stranger who may come near it, and, when opportunity offers, gives its feeders such a friendly grip with its talons that -nothing hut the application of a stick can make it let go. It is extremely partial to poultry, can appreciate hare, and, in fact, is quite an epi cure. In order that so valuable a specimen may be better utilised, Mr. Cameron proposes to present the bird to the . Acclimatisation Society. a Presentation. — On Tuesday, as we learn from the Gazette, the Rev. Father Her bert, recently of Belfast, and now attacked to tbe church at Hamilton, was presented at Koroit with an address and a purse con taining upwards of a hundred sovereigns, from the members of the Roman Catholic Church at that place. Father Herbert replied in feeling terms, and thanked the givers. He was glad to know that he had their good wishes, and he bged to assure them they had his, and should always have them. Police Court. —There was only one case disposed of yesterday at this court. . George m 'Queen, who was brought np on remand from Penshurst, charged with lnnacy, was ordered to the ' nnatic Asylum, Ararat. The magistrates on the bench were Messrs. g. Snellgrove snd w. Thomson, jj.p. altkin Thief. — One of those who went to render assistance to Mr. t. Twamey, when bush-fires were raging on his estate, was Mr. Montgomery, the manager of Mount Napier station. This gentleman tied his ponies up to a fence, and whilst he was endeavouring, with, , others, to beat,; back . the , flames, » > paltry thief or thieves stole his harness. This was a new and valuable set, and it is to be hoped it can be traced and identified, so that proper punishment may be meted out to the paltry scoundrels who could take advan tage of such an occasion to enrich themselves by plundering. Fashion. — a Sydney correspondent of the Telegraph writes " Talking of fashion re minds me of the amazing prevalence of snakes in high society. i speak of the snakes and serpents_ of feminine ornamentation, tbe reptitia of the jeweller. Opposite me, in a first-class railway carriage, was a first-class i lady, attired in the rich snd costly raiment of gentility and affluence. Around ber nedk was a golden serpent with diamond eyes, and, doubtless, a scientific name with "which i was not acquainted. In a snake picture at tke Athenaeum is included the Diemema rnper- dtios a, and it was probably one of these. a lovely enamelled serpent encircled her wrist, and yet another elegant little reptile twined fondly about oneof her delicate-fingers. Hut this was not all i looked at her umbrella and lo ! the emblem of beguifement had found its way to ike handle of her umbrella, while her train was carried by a crocodile's head, whose expansive jaws took a grip at the flounces. Then the fine lady had a suitably fine attendant, - and Mrs. abigail disported silver serpents round the wrists of her triple- bnttoned gloves. And, moreover, the lady's lady-in- waiting had & silver brooch, and a silver chain, and silver scent -bottle, and her voluminous skirts were ingeniously looped np with a sort of silver sugar- tongs. In thorfc, there -was exemplified in thin highly decora- ! ted lady, 'and her ornamental herring maid; the most beautiful adaptation of a relative suitability of cmhcllipliwient. tiint hftg yet en countered my observation. Vice-Regal Visit to Mount Gambiee. — It is probable Sir William Jervois will visit Mount Gambier early in May, to open the Mount Gambier and Rivoli Bay railway. Doubtless many gentlemen residing on this side of the border will take advantage of the opportunity that will thus be afforded them of paying their respects to one of the greatest .military engineers of the present age. David Henry.— Having caused full en quiry "to "be made," respecting the illness of David Henry, the Minister of Justice does not feel called upon to recommend either Henry's release or a mitigation of his sen tence. A Lecturer Plucked 1 — Some sensation was recently caused in University and legal circles by a report that one of the law lec turers had been "plucked" in his examina- . tion for the third year of laws. The rumour has turned out to be quite true. It appears, says the Age, that on the death of Mr. Atkyns, b. l, the lecturer on the Law of Obligations, about fifteen months ago, the appointment was given by the council to id. m'Dougal! barrister-at-law, although the Faculty of Law recommended that it should he conferred on one or two other barristers of long experience and practice. Mr. m'Dongall was not a graduate, having been called to the English bar, but being desirous of taking a degree in laws, he went np for examination at the ordinary examination of February Term this year. The subjects in which he presented himself were those of the third year forthe degree of ll.b., which includes Roman Law, Constitutional Law, the law of Property and the Law of Obligations. Professor Hearn was the examiner in Roman Law and Constitutional Law, and in these subjects Mr. m'Dongall passed, but in his own subject, on which he had been lecturing the students during the year, he was plucked by Messrs. Lawes and Hartley Wil liams, barristers-at-law, the public exami ners in law. The subject has been very much commented on, and it is believed the whole circumstances of the case will be in" vestigated by the council at an early date. The Recent Sculling Match. — There is considerable discussion in Sydney about Laycock having taken the whole of the stakes of tbe late race. . £59 was deposited for him > by Mr. York, and this amount Laycock refuses to return. Strong pressure is being brought to hear to induce Rush to row again against Laycock, in the event of which Trickett'ls to train Rush. Hobson's Bay Railway. — The money due from the Government to the Melbourne share holders of the Hobson's Bay Railway in respect of the purchase of that undertaking has been paid by the Treasurer. The amount of principal was £297,009, to which a sum of upwards of £4090 must be added for interest at 5 per cent., accruing from 1st January last. The shares were purchased at £80 each. The total number of shares is 10,694, of which 6982 were held in London, all the rest being in the hands of persons residing in the colonies. The largest Victorian shareholder was Mr. w. j. Clarke, to whom a sum of £199,400 has been paid. £64,090 was paid to Mr. \v. Campbell, and £'24,400 to Mr. win. Highett ; all the sums paid to the other shareholders being less than £10,490 each. The Govern ment has yet to pay off £465,000 in deben tures before the liabilities of the National exchequer with reference to the purchase of the Hobson's Bay Railway are at an end. Michal Byrne Carroll The petition presented to the Governor on behalf of the prisoner Michael Byrne Carroll, is nownnder tjje consideration of the Minister of Justice, who will report to His Excellency on the facts of the case. Sir Bryan o'Loghlen was Crown prosecutor when Carroll was convicted, so that the Executive will be well informed when it comes to deal with the application. The only special feature in Carroll's case ap» pears to be that he has displayed bravery in the relief of a warder who was assaulted by prisoners, but that point has already been dealt with, and Carroll has had his sentence reduced already. The Kellys. — It is now so long since we heard anything about the Kellys, that we began to fear the search for them had been discontinued. Some news is to hand. Miss Kelly has been seen to leave Benalla on horseback, leading two other horses, and an army of eighteen men are in full pursuit. It is believed by the authorities that she has gone to the assist ance of the outlaws, but we incline to tbe opinion that if she has left Benalla in the comparatively pablic manner stated, she has only done so to draw the police away in order to furnish her brothers with a better oppor tunity of making a raid. Our Melbourne correspondent states that the young lady in question is said to have witnessed the " Catching of the Kellys," at the Royal. The Education Act. — Bishop o'Connor announced in St. Patrick's Cathedral on Sunday morning, that the Roman Catholic schools in the Ballarat district would resume work yesterday morning after the Easter holi days, and in doiogso, made someremarks upon the attendance of the children at the schools. With some returns yet to come in, the num ber of pnpils at these schools in the colony was, he said, over 24,000, or more than double the number the Roman Catholic schools were given credit for when the Edu cation Act was before Parliament. That so many children were in attendance, the bishop remarked, showed the .undying determina tion of tbe members of the church that their offspring should receive a Catholic education in schools where religion had its proper place, and he was convinced that in the end their cause would prevail. The Friendly Societies. — We learn that already some six or seven applications have - been received for the appointment of medical officer to the united Friendly Societies. The election will take place shortly, but no date has yet been appointed. a Great Fall. — On Saturday week a young heifer fell down a well at Mt. Gam bier, which was 70 feet in depth, and con tained only about 18 inches of water. Beyond the loss of one bone and a few bruises, the beast was little the worse for its falL Not the Man. — There is often more in a name than some persons imagine. For in stance, Mr. Harding, the well-known host at Byadnk, writes : — "Afew weeks ago i re ceived a fetter from a distant friend, scolding me for having been brought before the Branx- holme Bench for being drunk and disorderly, whereas i had not been near Brsnxholme for years. Now again, this (Saturday) morning i am put into the Hamilton Hospital, with three ribs broken. At any rate, people at a distance will think it is me on reading your paper, so i hope you will kindly let them know that i am ' not tile man.'" Injudicious Appointments. — It is said that some of the oldest magistrates in Ballarat greatly object to some of the recent appoint ments to the Bench, and ftese are oanceHed they -will resign in a body. It is also reported that another batch of injudi cious appointments are to be made, and that one gentleman was beard to offer to wager £5 to 10s, that he would write ' j.p." after his name within three months. of course if appointed he will use his utmost endeavours to suppress gambling 1 a Mad Gallop.— On 1 Martin, a jockey in the employ of 1 of Ballarat, suddenly became " having saddled a blood filir"? i away at a terrific pace 9 impression that a lot of people fe.t | beckoning to him. Mr. Howie at 01 1 chase which frightened the lad, 8176 9 thought his master wished to wn i, - 1 chase lasted from Miners' Rest, to 1 of mafka Square, Ballarat, where 9 was caught and duly taken cam j"? 9 horse ridden by Mr. Howie was soiiri„ j1" i its exertions that it burst a blood varna 1 the filly was dreadfully distressed ' 9 appears that Martin had previoudvL 1 weak intellect. 4 9 Shocking Railway Accident — " i 9 ssd and fatal accident," reports ft, 9 Australian Register, "occured on & 9 Monday upon the Glenelg and South 9 Railway. In the half-past na.rn.tndu? 9 Glenelg, which, like aU the trains that j 9 was a crowded one, were a brother and Jit 9 named respectively Abraham alfrajn" 9 Russell and Jane Agnes Gertrude wt 9 the children of Mr. r. g. Russell, of w: 9 field-sreet. The children were 1 visit some friends near the Seaside ji 9 and shortly before reaching that part rijl 9 line the girl asked the conductor if the j! 9 stopped there, and was told that it 9 When the train was passing the hotd & 9 children, who were standing 0u the ju 9 both jumped off on to the land sheoffe 9 line. They, however, «mm not havejaa,, 9 far enough, as they were knocked dtwetj 9 the .-train passed over them. Some 9 passengers saw the accident, andahonieih 9 the guard to stop, but their shouts 9 even heard by those in the next carriastaj 1 the train did not stop till it ra7 u terminus. The result of the accidentia 19 that one of the unfortunate Bufferen-a, b boy, 10 years of age— was killed on the receiving several injuries, any one of b in itself would have terminated life. t 9 other-# girl of 14-who had both hmfc. h tared and sadly lacerated, living £or h after the accident.'1 h Statistical Information—' what.— H to be a piece of consummate impndaa ej the part of the Government Stafot „ h deputy, is alluded'to in our report' offohs 9 meeting of the Glenelg Shire Conned. b, 11 has caused a circular to be addressed to i If! such bodies, drawing their particnlsr jtfc. Ifei tion to the fact that the ,495th section offe llj Local Government Act gives power toac b cife to prosecute persons who may refaht. m furnish statistical information when nfcfr 9 called upon to do so ; and states that jfw 9 assistance is required, councils shonldhis. m diately communicate with the Secnfej; 19 the Law Department. a reply waeorfo. 9 to be sent, stating that only one periggfe 9 refused to give tbe required information, 9 in our opinion, every landowner .is & 9 district would have been justifiedinrefiia; 9 as the information is only to be giien tit 9 certain conditions, which conditions tm 9 been flagrantly broken by the Govennnat 9 Statist himself. The Act provides thaip 9 per secrecy shall be observed regarding 'fc hj tistics so obtained, but this was adit; ill ignored by Mr. Hayter when he inqn 9 placed all the information he had records h the disposal of the land court, tofe h used against the landowners thenuek |9 Under these circumstances, landed propndn 19 can only look upon the 495th section of ie fjj Act as a mere sham. This provides fx c: h collector of statistics being fined if he " b vnlges or makes extracts from the infon b tion so received, except under the direcfe fl and by tbe authority of tbe Govsiks b Statist that authority having beer e b grossly abused, it is only natural that k rs sons should refuse to supply statistics, cl; bl so doing they run a veiy great risk of ha their private business known to the vedit HJ large. Until clause 495 has been amedd H so as to provide for tbe punishment tiers em the Government Statist himself should le bj improperly divulge information, as he mat bj certainly did on the occasion refened h Hj owners of property will be more retired Ik kn they have been in years past, and will pek h to pay tbe penalty, which is not in ensl H| £10. fl Hotel Changes. — a change is abort fc ira take place in tlie management of semetifa Bj Warrnambool hotels. Mr. f. Yeemis m b the successful tenderer for the leasetideH Victoria Hotel, at present in the occapdk h| of Mr. w. c Baillie, and he will be u- Hi ceeded in the Rob Roy by Mr. Jaa FaitiL Hi late of the Raglan Parade Hotel. Ur.&a; n formerly of Ararat, will shortly assume fe km position of host of the Princess alerob pfl Hotel, now under license to Mr. t. Feme |a| The Hudson Surprise Pasty. —ate ||s having appeared, withgreat success, at fetid ffja Horsham and other towns, this talented ccbprt |£| will give the first of two entertainments iciS 1mb Hamilton Town Hall to-morrow evening. n| is what the Horsham Times says about tiuff; gjH viz " Tommy" Hudson's Surprise Partf h" bh appeared in Hotsham for the past four ag mb with great success, the entertainment, w b is certainly a novel. one, having apjnretilf ® w the public tastel the troupe consists rf f® 8m| ladies and three of the sterner sex, two oh jam latter — Messre. Hudson and Wallace— drag® bw burnt cork business, and as they are both s£ kg in this particular line their -efforts mss, v course, very acceptable. Hudson has lort kg of his old fun, which is always laughter fflj: era fog, and never offensive. -Mr. Wallace vitt," |fl| sand jig fairly brought down the house, t km is indeed a very wonderful terpsichomsn f e|j| formanoe. Miss Norton and Miss Bove u egg accomplished vocalists, the latter posts hh voice of somewhat extraordinary cusp rk which she manages with much effect tp f. DeGay, is a skilful accompanyist, ana h Venna DeGay displays more than wjjf ability as a violinist. Mr. Gloveras inteno®» is gentlemanly and pleasant, and sags » f® fjj eong in a modest manner, so tiritaltawv hi are justified in recommending tbe penomiuv presented by this versatile company sh® Mj may go." if h Rev. j. k. Macmillan atNarbacoohe't m Tuesday evening the Rev. Mr. b| livered an interesting lecture on the 1 , us writings of Dr. Guthrie," before a |h audience. At the conclusion of the it®1! h hearty vote of thanks was aeeorde4_wi h Macmillan, on the proposition of Dr- seconded by Mr. h- m Kay. Mr. mscatita? responding, said he was nmch pleased «» h| town and district of Narracoorte ; and m h glad to pay # visit to his old friend (Mr. n ,v, h| man) who was a fellow student with hib® 23 Edinburgh Univmaity many yesrssgo.® h also visited their far-famed caves, and H fbundly struck with their grandeur smJ'TZ He thought he would find arid and dff 15 instead of wall-grassed and otherwise w» h country ; and he had not even come .a®8 mb mosquito since he had been there. _ hi Heller's Second Sight Tmcx.r®lS h Heller, the noted nugirian and £ b died at Philadelphia feat November, b son of Mr. Henry Palmer, a highly — professor of music, of good sorial s«w bb and was born in Canterbury, england " h year 1828. William Henry Palmer, j b de guerre was " Robert Heller, rwefftil b education at the collegiate school of lwj, b Stacker, at Bonghton, Kent, and b became a fellow of tbe Boyal_ acadeffl.o b don. At the age of ten years he was » m b prodigy, and at sixteen he apjd "> b iertand had romposed several onlksntij11 b for the pianoforte. His muncal ' b hindered by his boyish fancy fmite b of magic— at first a mere recreation, b an infatuation, bnt subsequently he uso» b a "magical" expedition around the b companied by Miss Ada Palmer, in b snd who from that time asoffed » !l taimnents as Miss Heller. Robert ; bjw®,, b be remembered for his second-sight tn» % b than for anything else. That if b performances, consisting of the b a blindfolded woman on the stags, or b touched by him in the audience, a-jne b with him, but he carried it to h of mystification than any of his j®— jh b The late Mr. Anderson and his daitensj, b do it cleverly, and many b with more or less success. The t b tory theories have been gravely aavsnc®0 9 . iivMher likely that the celebrated French Hobert Houdin, by whom the feat was jjave in his autohiogi-ajiby the correct pl lotion. ' Houdin said that by a complex sys- . ,.f new meanings for letters, syllables, and As he was able to tell lfis confederate on the , T'wbat the articles were while using lan- ' ,aC that to the audience conveyed no hidden licence That is to say, a language within "uiSUe was constructed, so thatthe question, Ktt this r might mean, "This is a gold Tias with oue ston0-".' B- f conoelvi,1.e rtat a man of HeUer s quick intelligence could, \- . dozen vears or more of constant practice, elaborate such a system to a wonderful extent, 1 devise variations— like the touching of a few nieviously -arranged articles without saying W hine— that would mislead a casual observer. Snnoomt seemed to prove that he used Houdin's „lS«l He would never permit anybody but himself to put the question to the blindfolded '"police Fl'SSIXRss.— The police of Ballarat „ „;ii buss-ins themselves in endeavouring to "Sure a conviction aaainst tile landlord of a Sturt-rtreet hoMl. wbo Sot ul' a swecp- S,ke amongst a few gentlemen in connection 5th the late Australian Cup. One or two Vrtle bovs who, it seems, drew the numbers from the box. and a little girl who saw some "rifrS paid, and a few gentlemen enjoying a Lttle of champagne over the win, have been got and these children, we (Star) presume, are , liuurc in the witness-box at tbe police court mve evidence, about what?— about a recog- ised institution amongst sporting Englishmen ?il the world over— a sweepstake got up by a few gentlemen on a popular race meeting. Now ihat matters have been pushed so far by the 5ioe we may as well give a few facts that per haps have uot so far come under the notice of the authorities. No notice whatever has been taken of one of tbe most important "sweeps rot up on Ballarat on a late popular race meet- ? We have looked into the matter, and hud Sat among the subscribers to the "sweep" in question were three Members of Parliament, and cirljT members of tbe police force. The stake was a ffood one, aud the subscribers were gentle men of position. The" sweep1' was advertised, was town talk, and chances in it were bought and sold openly in the streets, the same as mining shares. Why was not a prosecution aroused for in this case ? Proof was obtainable Tt eveir turn that the drawing had taken place ; i members of the police in plain clothes witnessed ; but still no action was taken ; but in the ' fse we mention a shocking example is to be ! made, if possible, and we regret to say we can- ! not compliment the police on the petty means | adopted to get up a case. . Ooop Sbbvask.— It has become apparent to the ladies who have visited the industrial school oris placed in service in Melbourne that an in- idtution for training these girls as domestic aerrants would be ot great advantage. They i therefore propose to establish a school for the purpose, to be under the management of a committee of ladies familiar with work of this description, and to begin the school with a | number not exceeding 20, to be selected from I the Government industrial schools. For these I the Government will pay the sum of 5s each i weekly, giving the committee power to place I themm service. The remainder of the money ft required for their maintenance must be raised | by private subscription. Girls belonging to any I Protestant denomination will be eligible for admission to tue institution, and will receives I sound moral and religious training. Two hoars I everv day will be devoted to ordinary school I instruction, and during the remainder of the I working hours the girls will be thoroughly i trained in cooking, plain sewing, laundry, and I housework The committee have not yet se- I cured premises, but this will be done as soon as the project is considered sufficiently far ad- I vasced. The following is a list of the com- I mi nee of ladies, all of whom have had experi- I ence in duties of the sort they will be called I upon to discnaige, seeing that tliey are one and I all members of tne Ladies' Visiting Association : I —President, Mrs. Moorhouse ; vioe-presidente, Mis. J. G. Francis, Mrs. Greviile ; hon. treasurer, E Lire. Clen dinning ; hon. secretary, Miss Bromby ; 1 Lire. Budd, Mrs. Bartrop, Mrs. Currie, Mrs. I Koadknight, Mis. F. Btepiien, Mrs. J. Austin, I Mrs. Hoptins, 3lrs. A. Pearson, Miss Murphy. I. Kowdy Uentl£M£N 1 — Xiie disgraceiul I lHwdiness displayed by the students and under- I graJuatos of the Melbourne University, who I ought to set a good example to all other young I men in the colony, calls tor immediate action. I The university students in England are noted I for their love of fun. and frolic, but then they I go co work in something like manly fashion, whereas their Melbourne contemporaries appear I io rejoice in vulgar and senseless impertinence I io their superiors. At " the Annual Commence- I ment' of tiie Melbourne University onSaturday I r scene occurred which is thus described by the I Arjus:— "The under graduates, who at last I commencement bad entered tbe library in the I most rowdy manner, and had in an unseemly I ur&mble; tor places smashed several chdrs, on K this occasion marched into the inconveniently - I ustracted space railed oil for their accommoda- I I jj in a comparatively orderly manner — for ihpfp. There was a little laughing and jostling, hut nothing more than might be expected from I a number of students who had not yet to sup- I port the dignit- of any degree. It was thought fay tbe audience that the withdrawal of the I Vice -Chancellor's Prize, on account of the dis- turbance of last year's commencement, had exercised a sobering influence on those under- graduates who were inclined to be noisy, and that tbe discreditable proceedings of last year I vould not be repeated. This impression how- I ever was not allowed to remain long. The I undergraduates continued quiet until the first I cindidate for the degree of i.achelor of Arts was presented to the Chancellor, and then commenced a series of interjections, coughings, and other methods of inter- niption, which at one time threatened to bring I the proceedings to a summary close. The first I voice to interrupt cried out, ' Three cheers for Professor M 'Coy's new medal,' and thereafter B the Chancellor'6 voice, in conferring the degrees, B was frequently drowned by coughing and absurd B interjecrtions. Once or twice, among the mass B of students penned in the undergraduates' com- B partment, a chair was heard to smash, and im- B mediately afterwards its pieces would be seen passed from one student to another. The dis- order became greatest when Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was presented for his degree of master of arts ad eundem, the Acting Chief Secretary being greeted with a perfect storm of groans, while a voice shouted "Where's Henderson Africanus ?" Dr. Hearn, on the other hand, and several other members of the senate, and Dr. Morrison, of the council, applauded Sir Bryan O'Loghlen in a marked manner. After this the undergraduates became somewhat quieter for a short time, B enuring, however, in a most unmistakeable H maioer, their feelings towards each candidate as be wis presented for his degree." C'eo Lavt> Sale. — The following is the result of the sale at Casterton on the I8th April;- COUNTRY LOTS m Pariifc of Durong, County of LoWan. BOstbtKombope rota immediately norui-eaKt of H the Murrandarra bomeatead. BTpset price, £i io9 per acre. Charge for survey, £S €b. 11, Allot l, 165a 2r 10p.— Walter Laldlaw. npeet price. Parith of Wombtlano, County of Lowan. ulULin.oac milv trwt ano ouut n-» act ul tiie Mullali pre-emptive auctioti. Cpset price, £1 6« per aciv. Charge for survey. £7 16s. 5 Allot 23. 160s.— Mary HiSijerald.Thotnai Win. Sylrmfr. and David Kdsr, trualees tor Muilagb Kriate, Harrow; upset price. Ipact price, ill 5® per acre. hargefor aarv#»y.i». lAJlot 30. 160. —Alary Fitzs«r»ld, Thoa , Wm H |flTefiter, tod David Kdar. Trustees lor Huilagli Eeiate. Harrow ; apst-t price. bpeei price, £i as per acre. Charge for eurvcy. £7 19s. Allot 31. U9air36p.— »ialY FilZgerald. Thoe. B (I' healer. «ud David bdgur. truatees tor Hnlligh Katate. Harrow: upset prlre. ... . Pariskoj Eonnepra. County qf Lotoan Adjoining Uic|>utcii«rw>i lua ol Heeara. J. B. Fits- r gerald aud Co. price, £l ts per acre. Charged Jar survey, £13 8. 6 Allot so, 26Bi.-ll«ry Fitzgerald. Tboa. \Ym Hi Edgar, truatvee for die Vol- up hetaie, Harrow ; Upset price. SUB13KHA.N LOTS. B , , A of Casferton. County FoUetL tfitb BrciioQ Uluckb ul vy. Black aud J. Harris. LPet price. £3 per arre. Charge for survey. £1. 7, 6a. Valuation, £58 Us 3d. — W. G B Bpfirt price. Allot 9,61. Valoaiion, £66 6s.— Joseph Harris, Hpriee. CODNTBY LOT. Parish of BahgaUaJu County of Follett r-„ srciiou block ul Mr J tl. 5)qresey. LPta prh. £1 per acre. Charge lor turvey, £l 9s B a tfic, asa 2r 3Hp. VslualioiU £60. — Thoa. B w«wyt npeei price. I, of Advice. — Mr. Joseph Marriott tas ' beengazetted as a member of the Fort- School District Board- of Aririce. B The Land Act. — The following applica- Bpmu under section 8, of the Land ActilS7S, Braesuirendtt of licenses hdd fdfraQCk Bu 19 of the Land Act 1879. " and the issue \- hew licenses in lieu tiiereof, have been B'Pproved, viz.: — H. T. Brian, Broadwater; Pbymbyr; R. Rogers, Beear; Blrn 11' Meereik ; G. Tweed, Boiker- 1 A. Johnstone, Kdenhope ; A. P. «-Grathr Wenikoo ; G. L. M'CaUum, Mraadarra ; T. Mitchell, Durong ; W. A Homerton ; G. Thomeon, Dimbriola ; ;,' cl J. Shone, Tarranginnie ; W. Robins, K- Uuder, JC M4Phee. Kiata ; J. Mott, : Ariangatuk. H. P. Hill, Lowan; W. WOsqii, mrabiel ; J. W. Thomas, Werrigar ; S. J' Ki-Ki - T. MCredden, Arapiles ; Ki; t Oa-nvmYn . W. Methcke, Bboola ; W. hluir and E. L. Muir, Peech- ter ; T. G. Merrett, W. Merrefct. eeon ; » Norton, and C. M. Morton, Katyil ; D. M. Leary, and D. Leahy, Babatchio ; tn T Jones, Kout Karin; W. GriflSn, "1 T. Egan. and J. T. lrdingham, "Ga?01 ' Gross, G. Farmer, end J. Tarranginnie ; T. Connack, Tar- ; K, j "R C., and E. Buchanan, > J; E. Hoar, Winiam ; E. H. Stam-. Kellalac ; J. Berry, Kewell West ; ' tfiQnng and J. M'Kamara, Dairagan ; M. Hassett, Dunmunkle ; T., R,, and J. Hill. Goyma ; J. Jeflfery, Mockinga ; J. Thornett, Kanwa ; J. Berry, Kalkee and Kewell West ; A. Cameron. Lillimur; M. Edmondson, Mortat. Sec. 19.— -r. Douglas. Lillimur ; J. Johnston, Dahagan ; W. Dalgleish, Tyrendarra ; P. Wilson, Myamyn. Ap)lications approved ; Sec. 19. — J. Vanner, Curracurt ; T. Condon. M. Led din, Tyrendarra ; D. M'Lellan, Drik-Drik ; G. fieaiis, Heywood ; G. E. Liversidge, Glenaulin ; P. Dwyer, Kaladbro ; G. Lowe, Killara ; A. MPherson.Daitmoor; J. Dyson. Broadwater ; E. lies, Glenolgie ; J. G. Nitschke, Areecra ; J. Cummerford, Bring- albert; F. W. Nitschke, Dunmunkle ; J. lerritt, Goroke; S. Hateley, J. Beasley, Jung Jung; W. J. Adams, Newarpur ; W. F. P. Hyland, J. Mott, jun., Telangatuk; O. J. Little, Vectis East ; G. W. Peucker, ' Tarranginnie ; J. Kittson, Drik Drik ; M. Spillane. Bogalara ; W. Simpson, Bringal- bert ; W. M'intyre, Ivimma- lratlrfl. ; J. Miller, Dimboola. L.ucd Opek for Selection' —Allot. 4, Section 19 ; area, 324a lr 3p, Mocarthur. 