melbourne. (FROM OUIl OWN COltRESPONBJJNT.y | " . Thursday evening. Our new deputy judge, Mr Leech, attended at tho Supreme Court to-day to take the oaths of: office as chairman of general sessions -of the. peace.'' Mr Leeeli is well-known in literary cir-: cles, and I recollect some years ago having the pleasure of hearing him lecture m Molbourno on- the universalist theory of religion, of wliicli he was then an exponent. . . .. . Iii connection with the new exhibition Builcbj ing, there is ono matter of technical . detail; which is at present occupying the attention of the 'Commissioners, and which is even yet likely from its importance to cause some modification? 311 carrying out the work. I allude, to ,tho hirgej- cdome, which is to be tho crown of tlie building;: which, according to the present specifications, is to bo : constructed entirely of wood, fthe't walls' of: tho structure being of bricks oh stone ffounda- tioiis. It is feared by some that this dome.'will be a permanent dnnger, as if fif6'%efe;|ortake place it' would speedily fill 'lin'drofiae; nia'ss of combustible material, which, oilcb/alight would not be easily extinguished; and of course this possibility would bo likely to affect the rates of insurances. Safety could bo' obtiiinbd' b. \- currying the dome upwards in brick for'aiiothor thirty or forty feet, leaving the siu'inountiug portion as originally designed, and tho. question is at present occupying tho attention . qf- Uio Building and Executive Committees. ' Tho Land Department aro still busily engaged iu tho construction of the military road along tho Sandridgo and St. Kilda beach, aiid Baron "Von Muoller has charge of tho arrangements for planting the sides of what will, when1 completed; be an acceptable addition to our carriago drives.1 At about half-past twelve to-day, a man uainedt Bulger and another, brought information to Constables Koeley and Hutchison, who' were 611 duty at tho Prince's Bridge, that thoy hat dragged tlie body of a man out of tho Yarra near Brimder's Ferry. When thoy first saw him lie was struggling in tho water, and after some difii-f culty thoy managed to drag hiin to land, where after a few minutes ho expired. Tho constables removed the body to tho morgue, when, on ex; animation, thoy found a purse on his person con taining five sovereigns, 17s 9d in silver, a silver open-faced watch, penknife, and handkerchief marked "Marks." A bill and a letter ad dressed to deceased as " Mr Markso from J. T. Forbes, house agent, Richmond, calling upon him to pay the rent of the houso I10 occupied in Gipps-streot, amounting to £4 Gs 8d were also found in his possession. Deceased appeared to be about 50 years of age, woro a sorgo sac coat and white trousers, aud had sandy beard and moustache turning groy. Tlie day caino upon us as a iliuuo, but beforo noon an acceptable breeze from tho sea sprang up, which soon assumed mastery, and made the afternoon refreshingly cool and pleasant, carry ing to the ranges the smoko of bush-fires which for several days has overhung the city. Tho inquest 011 tho body of Mrs C0IH113 has boen adjourned until Monduy next, out of con sideration for tlie bereavement of tlie gcntlomau who conducts the case for tlie Crown. Mr D. D. Wheeler, whoso name is a watch word in Press circles, lias been more fortunate than most victims of colonial vagabondage, bavin" recovered tho whole of tho proporty of which a liall-3ncak deprived him about a fort- ni»lit back. Tho larccnist, a loafer of various aliases, has received twelve months' lmpnson- ment from tho Malmsbury bench. A seat is vacant for West Bourko, and I much fear that anothor of tho triumvirate, Smith, King, and Ricldlo, who so long held that district as a pocket borough > will not long bo left to us. John Thomas Smith breathed Lis last at his rc- sidonco in Flomington this morning, and will be buried in the General Cemetery to-morrow after noon. By his death wo lose ono of tho most important links, which connects tho municipal history of Molbourno with its earlier struggles. At the time when Sir John O'Shanassy and other men, who have made prominent positions since, or been rubbed out, woro struggling into civic life, John Thomas Smith's position was as sured, and his frequent re- election to tho mayoralty ovidonced not only his popularity, but his ability and capacity for earnest work. Ho caino hero orginally from Tasmania as tlie representative of a Church of England Evangeli cal Mission, soon passed into active life was the proprietor of St. John's Tavern in Quoen-street, and other well-known hostclrics in tho old days uno of tlie 'founders of tlie Queen's Theatro, an active participator in our local charities, and a thoroughly earnest administrator on tho bench as a magistrato, and in tho council chamber as a re presentative. Ho luid no oratorio! gifts to on- sure his shining in politics, I10 thought silently and votod consistently, trusted by his. party, and: listened to -with deforcnco for tho sound praotical: advico ho- could give, and reminiscences' of . what: had boon -doiio and suil'ored in 'the- Past. He loaves 11 vacant nichp in- our', municipal, and, political lifo, arid somo day it will Bo regretted that nri iaerird rpmaiiis of tho tiinos in .whjch iio' \vas so sfirriiig'rin.iictpr. ! "A klop'utatiori 'fronV Warrndmh.ool .yqs intro-: duood to tho Minister of Railways this morning,; by tho Hon. J. G. Francis, M.P. Tho deputa-i tiou renewed, an old requost, namely; that tho: reservation placed by the railway department; upon, an area of two acres of land which was re-: quired for . tho Warrnambool baths might be- withdrawn: Mi' Woods promised that lie would; have a fresh survey mado of tho two linos (War-: liainbool to. Ellcrslie, and AVarrnanibool to Bel-j fast) lis iritonclod in tho Railway Construction: Bill; from their junction at' Warrnambool to, points forty chains along each. If the survey proved that the block was not required, ho would waive the' department's claim with 'a view of the land being transferred to tho borough council for recreation or sariitory purposes. Commercial. — There is no recovery of prices to report in the grain market. Flour, £10 os to £10 10s is quoted. Wheat, 4s pel to 4s 7d ; Vic torian oats, 3s 3d to 3s Od ; iriaizo, 4s 5d to 4s Gd. 