WATER COMMISSION. Fax DAT. 26th Afrix- Preeent—The chairman, and On Bropby, Lewi*. Boot-, Fergnson, Dunn, Robertson, Phillips Wilson, Williams, Leggo, Hickman, Torple. Gray. Qo&BBSFQXDSKca.;—from tbe eecretsxyot Mine*, enquiring whst was the charge made by the commiition for water supplied to the school of Mines. Complied with-—From Messrs Cuthbert and Wynne, enclosing opinion with reference to the right of the commission to call upon oecu iers cf land adj doing the reserves to join ia erecting fencing. Referred to a committee appointed to consider the rattier.—FromA- D. Laiog, agreeing to the terms proposed by the commission for a eupply of water to his milL—From Benevolent Asyltnn oommittee,aakinga remission of water rates as far as the Gamp street board -room was concerned. Postponed for farther consideration.—From John Walsh, offering to tent some portion of land oo the reserves near Beale'a. Application »ot eatertained.— From Messrs tt'Quie and Ohalk, aadi!'«s, certifying to the correctness of tbe accounts of the commission for the qnirierending 81st Alarch. lieceived.—From fcicturd WQJiams, bfcipton street, stating that his tender for leasing in Skip ton street had been adopted, and recasting the commission u> expunge all rates due up to the time of eigbing the referred to the chairman with power —From the town-clerk Ballarat East, stating that there was no objection to the water being laid on to the dtim of Sogers and party in Barfcly street Received. FiKA3fcs —Accounts amounting to £108 lie 2d were pasted for payment. bCAKCiTT or Watrb.—The diamaan's report stUed that in oans&qnence; of the great decrease of water in the reservoirs, he had caased notice to be given that the supply of water to mining companies, except for boiler purposes, would be stopped on the 26th instant, and that tbe City and Towa councils be tequeetedtoatoBce discontinue the watering of the streets. The leport also suggested that as tbere vm row but 12 feet of water in Kirk's dun, tbe bottom of that reservoir be elsaned <-ut before the winter' rains set in. A long discussion took plaee on the report, tbe firstclause of which was adopted. Or Scott complained that too mooh water was allowed to raninto Wendouree, and charged the City OouncO, as oonBcrvators of the lake, with having allowed tbe lake to be polluted with all kinds of fifth from tbe drains running into iL Cr Wilson denied, on behalf of the City Council, that any pollution took place at the like, as tbe ooulcU was vary particular to prevent anything erf the kin J. The inspector reported that tbere was bat 6 feet of water in Beale'e and Finoott'e dams, which rendered them practically useless, aa tbe water could not be diawn fnm them. Tbere was 34 feet—about 50.000,000 gallons—in the Goog tiong;acd 12 feet, or 8,000 060 gallons in Kirrt>, giving a total of 85,000.000 gallons, which represented twenty days' consumption. After several commissioners bad spoken, commending the action taken by the chairman, Cr Scott moved, and it was carried, u That notice be sent to all the public insti ntions using water, intimating tbat the fiupplyfor other than ^^^a^tL- purposes must at once cease." It was also resolvedthat the chairman tbonld appoint three detectives, to prevent waste or extravtgaoce. and that where pertons detected wattiog water, proeecniiuns 6hoold follow immediately. On the motion of Or Ecott, it was resolved thxt all pnbUo institutions ehocld nee water by meter. Collector's Report.—This stated that £618 18s 3d had been reosived for the month, and that the consumption of water by the miners had been 10,260,?£H> gallons for the same period, Beceived. Gb>bbal Bn&txzfib.;—Bush-fire at Pincoti's reservoir, and application of Messrs Llewellyn, James, and others for recompense fur lo~s of time, postponed from prerioas meeting. Postponed.—Depart on the bast means to be adopted to prevent fi;edon the reserves, acd the desirability or otherwise of leLting portisns ci the land for agricultural or pastoral purposes. Postponed. — Application ol William Freem&n; tor a redaction in the charge for water ecpp'y, at Aifredton. Tbe public works committee reported that applicuit was chargcd in accordance with the scale, acd therefore could not rcommand any reduction. Adopted.— Application of the hon. secretary Ballarat Anglers' Association and others, far the Upper Gong Gong reservoir to be thrown open to persons holding a tioense from the commissioners. The-poblic works ccmmi tee cuuld not reoommend the throwing open ot the tiong Gocg reservoir to anglers this season, inasmuch as the time. (since the ttockicg of the water) fixed by the act had not yet expired. Adopted. The commission then adjourned. 