Farm Notes for December. The present has, upon the whole, been oue of the most favourable seasons that we have experienced for the last three or four years. During the month of November fine, genial rains have fallen throughout the colony, to the great advantage of the crops in both the early and late districts. Cereal crops have made great headway lately, and harvesting operations are now in full s ing in the early districts. There are but few complaints concerning "red rust," which appears to be confined to two or three localities. Where the crops are pretty well advanced, this pest, even if it spreads further, is likely to cause but comparatively little harm this season, having appeared so much later than usual. A very large area is under crop with wheat this season, and as a muci greater yield will be obtained than last year, outside markets must be obtained for the surplus. As low prices will probably rule, it behoves farmers to get their crops harvested as cheaply as possible. The prices of the reaping and binding machines are L15 cheaper this than last season (a result brought about by the "farmers' unions' ), which will be greatly to the advantage of those who use these ar ticles. Though a large number of these machines will doubtless be used for gather ing the crops this season, yet we believe the stripper will be employed more extensively than ever. Strippers were never in snch request as they are this season, and it has taxed the resources of the various makers to j meet the demand for these machines. There is, doubtless, a good deal of waste attendant upon the use 'of the stripper, but without doubt crops can be harvested more expe ditiously andjeconomically by it than by any other means. Haymaking will now have been pretty well brought to a close, except in the latest districts. Though somewhat moist, the ea- ther was, upon the whole, favourable for securing the crops in good condition, and the yield is, as a rule, above the average. In stacking either hay or grain crops it is advisable to prevent injury as much aspos- sible from exposure to the weather. When stacks have to stand for any length of time, it is of the utmost importance not to build them in a slovenly manner. Even in the case of cereal stacks, which are to be put through the threshing machine in a week or t o; it is advisable to have them effectually secured against bad weather, as if left exposed, even a thunderstorm may cause serious damage. Any little extra care bestowed upon build ing stacks will meet with a good return in the shape of perfect security. In the first place, it is necessary to secure a dry site for a stack ; then it should be built solid and regular, and must be promptly protected from the rain with a substantial thatch or other suitable covering, Another considera- tion is essential, and that is to guard againBt the destruction of stacks by fire as much as possible. Many losses occur every summer through fire, and we frequently hear of farmers having the result of their labours for a whole season swept away in a few minutes. We are aware that the risk froth fire cannot be altogether done away with, but a great deal can generally e done to lessen it. The precautions adopted must necessarily Vary according to local circum stances, but. as a rule, no grass or other dry crops should be allowed in the vicinity. Neither should stacks be built in proximity to masses of indigenous trees. Stacks should be surrounded by lucerne or other green crops, or let them be encircled by a good wide belt of ploughed land. It is also ad visable to avoid the common practice of building all the stacks in one place, as if one happens to take fire, the others are bound to be destroyed. When the stacks are stand ing some distance apart, the risk of a total loss is not so great if a fire should happen to occur. There is now a very heavy growth of grass in most places ; and as, when settled hot weather sets in, it will dry np with great rapidity, bush-fires will probably soon be heard of, and it is advisable to be pre pared for them. The season has been remarkably favour able for the growth of root and gTen crops, which, generally speakiDg, are likely to turn out well. Maize, sorghum, and millet may he sown either for grain or green fodder. When intended for the latter purpose sow thickly, and use plenty of manure if the soil is not naturally rich. Mangels and carrots must be kept as clean as possible, and Dny little extra attention they receive will gene rally be amply repaid by an increased yield. No time should be lost iu finishing the plant ing of potatoes in tlie cool districts, and crops above ground must be kept clean, and earthed up before growth is far advanced, Let lucerne be cut for hay when the floers make their appearance, and care must be ta- en that it is not over-dried. Carefully- made lucerne hay is greatly relished by dairy stock, and a stack upon a farm will come in very handy when grass is scarce. Lucerne is an invaluable summer forage crop for all parts of the colony, but it should not be eaten down too close by stock. It -will not bear constant- nibbling at, and growth is materially checked if it does not get an occasional rest. bere lucerne is grown, the best plan is to divide it into several paddocks, changing the stock from one to another, as may be necessary. Though feed is now plentiful, the time will probably soon come when live stock will find it difficult to get enough to eat, and ft fill be advisable to take care of any material that may be of use in helping them over a bad time. A'hen grain crops are threshed, it will be a wise economy to preserve all tbe straw and chaff as food for stock. These materials are too frequently wasted, though they would be invaluable to live stocky at those periods of the year when grass is dried up by drought or killed down by frost To preserve all the straw and chaff upon a farm need not entail much additional cost, and a few handfuls given daily to horses, cattle, or sheep would help them over a bad time; when without assistance they must perish. As soon as cereal crops are cut, the stubbles should be utilised for feeding stock, letting them be eaten down in preference to burning off. The best kind of stock for the purpose are sheep, as they return more to the soil in the shape of manure, and eat down both stubble and weeds closer than cattle. 