THE offering of tbe new Victorian loan in London iB now placed on Bometbing like a tangible basis.. According to a late telegram from Mr BERRY, that gentleman hae decided to pnt the loan on the market at a minimum of £98, which, including interest from tbe beginning of the year, will really redace the mininmm to £96 17s 6d, as the money will not be paid ontil the end of March. We confess not to understand why the interest shonld date from the commencement of 18T9, seeing -that tenders for the amount required will not be opened ontil the 12 th instant. Bnt we suppose this mystery is capable of a satisfactory, explanation, outside the mere statnte itself; otherwise the leading Opposition paper here wonld not write so complacently as it does on this branch of tbe subject. Setting aside this point, Tjowever, for the present, there should be no difficulty found in the colony obtaining the money at the price described. It is practically only a matter of 17s 6d on every debenture over- what the banks have advised; and so trifling an increase as this is not likely, one would think, to affect the success of the loan. Bather than risk tbe loss of a safe investment, capitalists will, no doubt, pay this sum over and above what the banks recommend; the more particularly, as all confidence in home investments is in a state of suspense, and capitalists there can find no better, if as good, opening for their money. The new loan at the price fixed by Mr Bebby will, therefore, be put on the London market nnder favorable circumstances, and each as should carry it to a successful issue. It must be confessed, however, that £96 17s 6d net is by no means aB favorable terms for a 4i per cent. Victorian loan as we could deBire. Bearing in mind the low prices which money commands in England just now, and the vast amount of capital which is lying idle there, we ought to have obtained par for this loan. The advance is perfectly secure, and, like most other loans raised by Victoria, will be expended on reproductive works. But two circumstances are in operation to militate against a fair price being obtained for the money we seek. One is the amount of our indebtedness now; the other is the ridiculous fears of our future which have been excited in the English mind by tbe rabid utterances of the Victorian Conservative papers. At the present time we owe £17,011,382 9s 5d, and therefore cannot expect to borrow on such favorable termB as we really deserve. When a community goes into the market to borrow money, the first enquiiy made by intending investors is—Does the community owe anything now ? If it does not, and its prospects are good, then it can obtain what it asks for at the loweBt possible price, and oil the'most favorable conditions. But on the other hand, if it is pretty heavily indebted already, then higher terms are demanded for farther loans. This arises partly from a sort of donbt that springs up as to the certainty of a return when the time comes round for payment, and partly from a wish to get a Utile more profit ont of a borrower, who eliows a sort of habitual desire to obtain farther advances. We happen to be classed in the latter category; and therefore we must expect to^pay a little more each time we ask for a" loan than would be the case if we were quite fresh to the money market. Besides oar indebtedness already, however, there is also the hue and cry of the Opposition papers here against the Ministry, affecting the price of the new loan. By distorting the language of Ministers, and misrepresenting their actions, the mail summaries which have been sent to England have made a great many people there believe that everything is exceedingly chaotic here,-and that nothing would be more likely to occur than a revolution in Victoria, deatrojmg all connection with the old country. Of couree all this is regarded jas perfectly farcical ont here. It is simply Iso much political thunder winch is estimated in the colony at its proper worth, and is only read seriously by those Victorian colonists who cannot distinguish the difference there is between fact and fiction. Bat in, England tbe effect ' is somewhat different. Timid people there become impressed with the same craze,or rather swallow all this rubbish as gospel. So,~ they either give the cold shoulder to a new Victorian loan," or demand better terms for what they lend, than they would- seek froin a community not exposed to these villainous and unjustifiable slanders. We do not say that this feeling is very general in the old country. Bnt it is quite sufficiently prominent there to redace the number ot would-be investors; and anything that has tins tendency, most necessarily operate to our disadvantage. There are two elements, therefore, at work to prevent the new loan bang. placed: at par, as it iuidonbtedly wonld w if ft wjere really floated on its merits. There is the heavy , amount we already owe, and there 1s also the unpahiotic contact of the Conservative papers as potdiabed amongst ns. If, then, we get the money we want at £96 17a 6d net we shall, under all the circumstances of the case, have no reason -to -compLainyand-may, -indeed, think -ourselves tacky-tEat we -baTO nfet'to^aicfept leas favorable conditions. The coming round of the 12th March will necesasrily be " awaited vntii eigne ^anxiety ; and it is tci to hoped the result wiil be eatisfactory. The money asked for in London is much wanted, not only to: "bring np onr. capital to ite:bld standard, bnt also to start reproductive and other useful works. It is to be hoped/ therefore, that'the- tenders when opened will be found to exceed the minimum fixed by Mr Bebby, so that they can be freely and promptly accepted. The mcmey market in England is undoubtedly favorable to this fend; and this, perhaps, is the most promising outlook in the whole venture. In a recent issue of the Sydneg Morning Herald some facts and figures connected with the General Post Office in Great Britain are published; and they are of so readable a character that we shall mBke no apology for . transferring them bodily to these columns. They show the great strides which the postal system has made during the past twelve monthB in the old country; and the particulars given - are" certainly as marvellous as they are interesting. _ The Sydney Morning Herald obtained these particulars from the lastannual report of the Postmaster-Generalof England; and the following is what our contemporary has to say on the subject:— " The nnmber of officials in the Post Office Department of the United Kingdom at the close of last year was 45,506, an increase of 482 during the year. Of these 11,473 are employed on telegraph work, 1163 are postmasters,. 10,000 are clerks, and 21,000 are letter-carriers, sorters, and messengers. In London alone the Post Office Bta& numbers about 11,000, and about 6,000 of these are employed at the head office'. The average weight of the mails that daily arrive at SL Martin's le Grand is 23 tons; that of the mails despatched is 43 tons. On heavy mail days the former reaches 26, and the latter 23 tons. Tbe fetters which passed through the post offices of England and Wales alone daring last year amounted in round numbers to 900,000,000; the number of postal cards for the United Kingdom daring the year was102,000,000, or an increase of 10 per cent, on those for 1S76. ~The number of -book packets, newspapers, and circulars was 318,000,000, or an increase of 6 per cent, on the nnmber sent in 1876. For England and Wales, the number of newspapers alone for the year was estimated at428,558,000. Tbe total number of letters, post cards, book packets, newspapers, &c.;, which passed through the post offices during the year was 1,477,828,200. The number of new poBt offices established last year was 316, making the total number of offices in the United Kingdom 13,763. The number of road and railway letter-boxes vras increased by 595, mating the total nnmber of receptacles of this kind 11,319. The total number of receptacles for postal communication throughout the United Kingdom is 25,018. The number of new money order offices opened during last - year waB 221, making the total of soch establishments in the United Kingdom 5719. The number of inland orders issued daring the year was about 18,000,000; the aggregate amount of the orders being £27,879,177, their average value being £l 10s 4d. "One of the improvements made last year has been in connection with the system of returned letter offices, which was began in 1877, and which has been farther extended daring the past year. ~ The number of letters sent daring the year to such offices for the purpose of being returned to their source was 4,873,625. The proportion of snch letters to the whole number transmitted was 1 to 217. Daring last year upwards of 28,000 letters were posted in the United Kingdom without addresses, being an increase of 2000. Between 700 and 800 of these letters were found to contain an aggregate of £214 12s 5d in cash and bank- noteB, and about £10,000 in bills of exchange, cheques, &c.; Upwards of 50,000 postage stamps, which had been insecurely fixed, were found in the different post -offices, and no fewer than 12,525 articles of one kind or asother were posted without covers or addresses. Not only mice, worms, lizards, fish, and vegetables, but even snakes were lodged for transmission through the post offices, and among the communications forwarded either to Lord John Maskers or his subordinates we find one asking for all particulars respecting immigration to New South Wales. Another is from a wife who wants to know if the Postmaster-General lias heard anything of her absent husband. A third correspondent asks a postmaster to be so good as to name a suitable party to whom he might sell a 10-stone pig of good "qoality. Communications of this character, it appears, are ordinarily sent to post offices throughout tbe United Kingdom, and tbe specimens of them which are_ given in the report indicate the existence of a popular belief that nothing is beyond the range of a postmaster's knowledge,-or beyond the sphere of his business." We shall make no comment on the above figdres, as we have only flne object in reproducing them here. That object is, to show the extraordinary Btrides which the postal system of England has made since its introduction, and what an enormous institution it is bound to become in tie future. Hardly 200 years have passed away since there was no other means in the United Kingdom of forwardingn tetter from one part of the country to the other than by the *3umd- of & "friend, or by .the ordinary carriers, or by the stage coaches. Now that work is done by the State for a mere song, individually; and the above figures will give a pretty clear idea of the .enormous ~expansion of epistolary correspondence that h'as~Beeh' caused by the alteration. Certainly, great wonders have occurred daring the present century, bnt in. no case are they more conspicuous than in the postal system. . • ' \- Tbe reception committee, conautingof members of the City and Town couocila, *net yesterday evening at tke Water Commission Office, and arranged .the programme for tbe reception ot his- KxTpHnncy and smte on" Mondays Mr G. Perry, city clerk, detailed' tbe arrangements previously completed/and stated that a telegram had been ireceived announcing tiiat his Excellency might be expected to arrive on Monday.at twelve" o'clock noon, • and that > be would t>e accompanied by Lord Hervey Phipps, .'private mcte&ny;, "SirBrywrOTiOghleivtwo memberaof the Ministry, and probably Colonel Anderson. A letter bad alto been received from Mr Henry Davies, intimating that tbe Orphan Asylum children wonld take part in the procession. It was^decided that all the children joining in the affair be lined along Lydiard street irom gtnrt street to the railway station to receive-his Excellency; and that the procession -proceed up - Start - street and Plekunt street to Lake Wendonree. - and Tetnrn from the ; Botanical Gardens down Start street as far u BarHy etreeV&v; Many other details wert. 1 agreed on, and the arrangements generally in reference to the banquet inii other matters, seemed to be all! so -complete as to promise that the whole afEair.wili be carried oat in a style worthy frf lUttwfc . ^. .- \- A telegram has been received from the Marqnis oE Normanby*s private secretary'by Mr Bhowtoan, secretary to the mecfingflt Jeaiah-citizens, stating that his ExccBency -woiild hive ninth pleasure in receiving their 'Address of welcome, bnt that the time and place wonld be arranged by the Ballarat reception committee for Monday next. A copy of tbe address was accordingly forwarded ye»ter- A juvenile guard of-honor from the Central and Hnmmay Street State- schools, about one hundred ^StogetherTwOrfe preaenTai Craig'aTatel _ -Monday apraing, at eleven ^o'clock, armed with carbines; dnringnis Excellency's stay there^ The lads have been receiving diligent instruction from Major Sleep and Drill-instructor Allsop.^ . ^Yeiterda^moniingadepntatioBof Utter-carriers from Hie local post office waited upon the Governor's-reception committee with a view to having Jthe^aftemoon of Manday next proclaimed a halfholidayin the post and telegraph department It caving tieen pointed out that other pubDc.offices would be closed nnthat day, the committee pro- raised toask the Postmaster-General to gra.it the | concession, and a communication to that effect was forwarded yesterday evening. | , The petition which vs mentioned yesterday as having been numerously signed In favor of having the projected Ballarat East post and telegraph Victoria street, between King and Princess ttreet, was laid before the Tom Council last night by the mayor, and was simply received. It wonld seem that even the EeQys are looked upon as models by some people. A few days ago, a tipsy individual, hailing from Soldiers' Bill, on being remonstrated with for the bad behavior of one of bis children, said that he did not care.be was going to bring them up like the Kellye. It ia hard to say whether he can be clasBed with the sympathisers or not. The necessary gas-fitting- for illuminating tbe City Hall on the occasion of his Excellency's visit on Monday next is being-proceeded with under the superintendence of Mr Godkin, foreman at the gasworks. We understand that Brophy's hotel buildings will also make a good display in the evening, and tre trust that the occupiers of central premises will do likewise. - Ahoy named Bernard Rose, a resident of Sebastopol, was brought to the Ballarat Hospital yesterday, suffering from a fracture of the arm, which, it was stated, he had received through slipping and tailing as-be was coming out of school. The necessary surgical aBsistsnce was rendered, and the boy was taken home. The jury empanelled in the lawsuit Young and M'Guigan v the Ballarat Water Commission will arrive by-first train -from Melbourne this morning, for the purpose of making an inspection of the works at Goog Gong. The jurors will be accompanied by Mr Ellis, sheriff, of Melbourne, and will stay at Fcrater'n George hotel, probably until Monday .next- Mr Peach, secretary of the Ballarat Fire Brigade, received the following letter from the Governor's secretary yesterday,- in answer to a communication forwarded by tbe brigade:—" Sir,—1 am directed by his Excellency the Governor to inform you that he has much pleasure in according his patronage to the Ballarat Fire Brigade.— I am, &C.;". Dr Whitcombe, who will return to the colony by the next mail steamer, about the 20th instant, brings with him 38,000 ova of the celebrated lake tront, from the Soke of Exeter's preserves, for acclimatisation. It is intended to present Sir Samuel Wilson with half the shipment, to place in the hatching boxes at Ercildoune; and the remainder ate to.be committed to the care of the local Acclimatisation Society. As the lake trout are most suitable for stocking tbe waters of this colony, tbe thanks of the community are due to Dr Whitcombe for bis exertions in this matter, in which he lias been warmly seconded by Mr Frank Buck]and and other enthusiastic pisciculturists in the old country. With regard to the building of swimming baths in Ballarat East, Councillor- Williams gave notice at the Town Council, last night, that the motion carried in 1877, fixing as the site of the baths the reserve behind Sim's timber-yard, be.rescinded; and that batbs be laid down at the corner, (if Peel and Eastwood streets; also, that the market-sheds be utilised for the purpose. A very large supply of bunting, consisting of the Jags of all nations, most probably bom the Nelson, arrived in Ballarat by rail yesterday, to be displayed in some conspicuons position ot occasion of his Excellency's visit on Monday. The annual meeting of St. Paul's congregation was held in the schoolhoose on Thursday evening, 6th instant. A large attendance indicated that special interest was felt in the proceedings. Tbe incumbent, Bev. E. T. Cummins, occupied the chair, and opened the meeting with prayer. The balance- sheet submitted by the hon. treasurer showed that the net income of the last year, available for church purposes, was slightly in excess of the previous year, and that a small balance was in hand at the closer while jEIOO remained due for seat-rents to end of 1878. After considerable discussion as to" the best arrangement for the future management of the affairs of the parish, it was resolved, on the motion of Mr John Bobeon, that tbe trustees, in conjunction with the incumbent, take immediate steps for the appointment of a vestry, to take the place of the old church committee, if such can legally be done; and, if that is impossible (pending the extinction of the debt), then for the appointment of gnsrdians to act in conjunction with the trustees. Votes of thanks were most he&rtily; passed to the retiring church committee,-to tbe hon.-secretary, hon. treasurer, and honorary auditors; also, to the choir and Mr Towl (Mr A Oliver responding); to the Sunday school teachers, the lady collectors,Jthe Bexton, and the inenmbent. Tbe meeting closed with tbe benediction. A meeting is to be held on Tuesday, ISth instant, at eight o'clock, .for the election of two trustees in place of two who have resigned. Mr Russell, J.P, presided at the Town Police Court yesterday, and fined Daniel M'Gregor 40s —in default, seven days'imprisonment—for using abusive language towards "Mr Hazell, landlord of the Tariff hotel, Humffray street. At the meeting of the Town Council, held last .night, a committee of the whole council reported as follows with regard to the camp:—" Your committee met on the 26th ultimo, and very carefully considered the question of the Chinese camp on Golden Point. We recommend that tbe reserve "occupied by the Chinese "be applied for and gazetted for-recreative purposes, and put under the control of the council, so that as the present occupants of the ground die or remove the unsightly erections which now exist on Golden Point may be destroyed." The report was adopted, and a subcommittee appointed to carry out the recommendations contained io the report. There was a blank sheet at the Bungaree Police Court on Thursday. The magistrates in attendance were Messrs Bacchus, Coghlan, and Smith. The committee of the St. Patrick's bait—Messrs J. B. Pearson, T. M. O'Brien, F. M. Keane, P. Hede, W. O'Brien, T. M'Namara, and L. J. Molloy—held their weekly meeting at Brophy's hoteLou Thursday evening. The secretary reported that tbe application for tickets was already very promising for the success of tbe ball. A few minor matters were settled by the meeting. Tickets can be bad from any member of the committee. James Smart and Thomas Gray were arrested yesterday .on .a charge of having assaulted William Davies at Ballarat. Both the alleged offenders were bailed out, to appear at the City court this morning. The last meeting of tbe Ballarat Regatta committee took place on Friday evening. It was arranged to postpone the commencement of the programme for an hour, in order that his Excellency the Governor may see the start of the Yacht Race. Through this postponement, the firstrace will take place at half-past twelve, the other races following in due order as on the published carda— which can be purchased at tbe lake. The result of each race win be seen in front of Gill's Lake 'Hew hotel. Tbe committee of tile regatta are requested tu -meet at -Ivey's -jetty -at -a quarter to two o'clock, in order to receive bis Excellency, who will embark on board Ivey's steamer. The reception committee have engaged an excellent brass band, to be present on Monday, and there viltalsn be four-or five of the drum and fife bands belonging to the local State schools playing on the lake or its margin. As all the tradesmen of the town will close punctually at twelve o'clock to attend the regatta and welcome his Excellency the Marquis of Normanby, there is sure to be an enormous concourse of people at the lake during the afternoon. ,-.' . The Hibernian Society held their quarterly meeting on Friday evening, 6th March, in the hall, Dawson street Tbe president (Br Wm. Kinanc) 'occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance of members present The previous minutes having been x£ad and confirmed, sick allowance to the amount of i8 3s 4d was passed for payment. Mr James Coyle was initiated a new member, and Mr James'Maher proposed for membership. The president reported'-the progress , of the fete committee shortly and lucidly, and was followed by the chaplain (Father Cleary) who received the approbation of the brethren for his unremitting zeal and nnflagging labors in their advancement. The officers and as many of the brethren as can possibly attend the -ball on St. Patrick's night will do so, as that night has (thanks to the citizens) been entirely at the dispoeslof the Hibernian Society for the last eleven years, each year giving a very handsome donationto eitherof the charities. After other important bnsineas had beenlrarmcted, the meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the £hair. Receipts, £16. Pursuant to announcement, the Rev. Dr Gilchrist delivered a lecture yesterday evening at the Academy- of Music on "Robert Burns, Scotia's sweetest singer." The Rev. Henderson presided, and the E^v. R. T. Walker occupied a seat on the platform. : The attendance, though not large, was better than that at ths lecture on " Sir Walter Scott "on the previous evening. The rev. lecturer gave a well condensed sketch of the poet's life, touching upon the .principal features, and analysing nice discrimination the poofs whole career, describing both sides of his character—the strong one-and tbe weak one. His early training, his misfortunes through the burning down of the place in which fcen-as- employedas a flax-dresser, his portion and habits at Moflsgiel and Mauchlioe, .and the sad story of his jEBgUand' Muy, together with some reminiscences .of, several of his -comr-"'""-, wt»ro nil -pi^phifHy . end numerous choice specimens of his poetry were given with finie appreciation and exoallent taste. The concluding portion of "The Cotter's Saturday Night" waa recited with much'feeling, and elidted hearty applauae. " The Vision" and the poetic epistles _ also were highly eulogised; and in I reference to those two terrible satire's, The „„ Twa » „ I Herds" and " Holy Willie's Prayer," Dr Gilchrist 1 pointed out, as a remarkable illustration of the acer- bity of sectarian feeling at the time, that thwM I poems actually gained Bums tbefrlendshipof some dergymen^belongmg^to tWfle ot thecontr£ Versy in favor of which tbe verses ' had been written. The rev lecturer also referred to the great power displayed in the "Jolly Beggars," but showed that the poem's weakness in moral tone detracted from the surpassing genius manifested in the production. Many otter interesting, points of the great poefs career were instructively dealt with; the lecture, as a whole, being an eloquent tribute to the genius and 'memory of the immortal Scottish bard. The following notice appears in our advertising columns:—" Citizens are respectfully requested to display all their available bunting on Monday, the 10th instant, and in the evening to illuminate tbeir premises, in honor of the visit of his Excellency the Marquis of Normanby.—0ENBY LEGGOr mayor." At the Climes Borough Council meeting oo Thursday evening a letter was received from tbe PoBtmaster-General, stating, in reply to request of the council, that a clock would be placed on the outside cf tbe new post office. The building is a handsome and substantial two-story structure; tbe roof is on, and the men are plastering the walls. Letters were aUo received from Ballarat School of Mines and Benevolent Asylum, asking for, donations. They were'tabled for next meeting.' An offer by Mr Bland, of the Port Phillip Company, to transfer the old Criterion bridge, at the lower end of Fraser street to tbe council was also held over for consideration till next meeting. Permission was granted to the North Clnnes Fire Brigade to erect a shed for a hose-reel at the lower end of Fraser street There was a good deal of ducussion before this was agreed to, some councillors fearing tbat it might be regarded as a slnr on. tbe CluneB brigade, who have worked manfully on every occasion of necessity for the past sixteen or seventeen years, but ultimately it was decided that it wouldlwtinseejnly to refUBe the other brigade's request, especially as fires occur frequently in the evening, when-the members are likely to be down in the street and the hose would then be readily available, North Clunes being a conBiderable way from the business part of tbe town." We are pleased to learn that Mr A T. Turner's MaBB in D," a musical composition which elicited snch well-merited commendation a month or two since on its first performance here, is to-be produced at St Francis' Cathedral, Melbourne, on Eaater Sunday. The leading vocalists will be— Miss Carandini (soprano), Mrs Cutter (contralto), Mr Staker (tenor), and Mr Furlong (baritone). We understand tbat the mass will be placed in rehearsal at once, and it is probable tbat Mr Turner will conduct personally. The Clunea Borough Council, after about fifteen years' worrying by discouraged burgesses, have got into operation a by-law for the suppression of the goat nuisanop. These pests .are in future to be encumbered with a triangle, ornamented with the owners' names. But for these brutes scores of wbat are now unsightly, neglected enclosures would .have been beautiful, health-giving gardens —a source of pleasure alike to owners and passers-by. The position of lady principal of the Ballarat College (girls' school), recently vacated by the resignation of Miss Blyth, has, we learn, been conferred on Miss Cowley, who was formerly head governess at Holstein House, one of. the largest Indies' schools in Melbourne. Miss Cowley comes to Ballarat accredited -with excellent testimonials. The first annual meeting in connection with the Tendon Sunday sohool took place on the property of Mr A. Fisken on Thursday, tbat gentleman having kindly given permission for that purpose. The scholars assembled at half-past nine o'clock, and at ten were marshalled into procession, and proceeded to the trysting- place. At noon the children were regaled -with an excellent repast and some choice fruit, after which the several games usual on -such occasions were heartily entered into. At five o'clock another meal was provided, after which votes of thanks were given to Misses E. Collins, A. Smith, and A- May for collecting a sum of money, to defray the expenses; the public who contributed so liberally; Mesdames Collins and Brown for superintending the dispensing of the provisions; Messrs Brown and North for assisting in the several duties required on the occasion; and Mr A. Fisken for his kindness. The Revs. C. Collins and M. Bird were present during the day. Notwithstandingthat tbe weather was a little inclement at times, yet the affair was a great success. It is to be hoped that all future ones will be as successful. Tbe first meeting of creditors in the estate of Thomas Eltringham, publican, was held yesterday, at the office of W. Bones, estate agent Doveton street. -A composition of 5s in the £ was accepted. The debts amounted to £561, £256 of which was secured. The assets were £60; deficiency, £501. A battalion parade of the B.VJEt. will be held at the orderly-room next Monday morning, at eleven o'clock, to form a guard of honor on the arrival'of his Excellency the Governor in Ballarat A parade of the Prince of Wales Light Horse will be held on Monday at Craig's stables at half-past ten, for' the same purpose. Mr Bade, the local agent for tbe St. Peter's Church Art-union, Eaglehawk^ informs us that the demand for tickets tbe last few days was so great that several purchasers (had to be refused. He, however, received a telegram last night, atating that twenty more tickets would be sent by -last night's post which be expects to receive this morning. Intending purchasers must call for tickets before three o'clock pjn. to-day, as none can be sold after tbat time. The Minister of Justice has ordered a- fresh enquiry to take place into the origin of the Colac bush-fires, which ended bo disastrously both'to property and life. We advise our local readers to inspect for themselves at tbe Bible and Book Depot, an American production, a credit to the publishers and a wonder of cheapnesa. It is "a large map, size 4 feet 6 inches by 3 feet shoving on one aide the United, States of America,-with states, counties, cities,' and towns distinctly marked and brightly colored, There are also views of mountBin acenety, a panoramic-view of the. overland route from San Francisco to New York, and the great Pacific railroad across tbe continent The reverse side is a map of the world on Mercator's projection, with beau- tiful illustrations of the Philadelphia exinbitiog, flags of all nations, time-tableaof the world, and an immpnse amount of statistical information relative to the American States and the chief cities and governments of the world. The map i> well worthy ef a place in every family, and teachers of public and private achools -will find it a very great help. Although published in 1878 at 42s, it is now bong Bold at the depot at 12s 6d. Special sermons will be preached in the Primitive Methodist Church, Eurobank street, to- morrow, in the afternoon by tbe Rev. J. Barningham, and in the evening by the Rev. J. G. Wright ' A tea meeting and concert will follow on Monday evening. \- ', A meeting of the Ballarat Christy Minstrels -will be held at the usual place this evening at eight o'clock. We direct attention to an advertisement which appears in another Hnnff respecting the excursion of the Golden Point, Barkly street. Brown Hill, and Neil street Wealeyan, and . HumfFray street Bible Cbriatian, Sunday schools, to Geelong on the 14th instant A picnic of the children attending the Sundayschool of the Church of England, Mary borough, will be held in the Botanic gardens, Ballarat. next Wednesday. The booths for the St Patrick's Day Fete will be sold by auction by Mr D. Fitzpatrick Brophy's hotel to-day, at two o'clock sharp. St. Paul's excursion train will convey visitors to tbe Geelong regatta on Wednesday next, for tbe following return fares:—Adults, 5s; outside scholars, under sixteen years, 2s;'above sixteen and under twenty, 3s 6d. The train will leave the Western station at a quarter before eight ajn^ end the Eastern station at eight-o'clock; leaviBg Geelong on the return journey at six Tickets may be obtained at the places - named tin tbe advertisement, and should be secured as eoon . aa possible. \- . A tea and public meeting will be held in the Lai Lai Methodist Free Church next Monday evening, when addresses will be delivered by a nnmber of reverendand other gentlemen. . The anniversary of the Little Bendigo Sunday school will be celebrated to-morrow, whentheRer. T. Adamson .will preach in the morning and evening, and the Rev. W. Henderson in the aftemoon.- A tea .and public meeting will take place.'on Monday. • •.. • \- We have received " Words of Grace" for the month of March. The work is full ot information that is aa varied as it Is interesting. - The Minister of Railways this morning invites tenders for the manufacture and supply of'waggons. Particulars will be found in ont advertising columns. - The return match, Ballarat'against the Learmonth club, will take place to-day, at half-past two o'clock p.m., on the green at the Eastern OvaL Tbe following will representthe Ballarat players: —Messrs Sim, Kormand, Valentine, Jack, Proahaw, Bennett, Bain, Goldsworthy, Mlntyre, Finlayson,Logan, and Eyies. The, fonrth event for tbe Gill Plate by the jadhta of the B.Y.C. will take place to-day at Wendonree. The starting gun will fire «t halfpast three o'clock. 1 . Mr William Csrmichael, second officer of the ship Loch Hesa, which arrived.last Friday, and brother of Miss Era Carmichad, the only enrvivor but one of the wreck of the Loch Ard, desires the Argxs to say that he received a letter from bis u»ter•by tbe msil last Saturday, and that a! the « writing snewasin perfect health. Heslso Idalres to express his >,,« thanks H»i,h for f™ the a. kindness bis sister received in this colony. .. The Kanlt of the communications that were .passing between the Governments of New South Wales and Victoria on Thursday (says the Act) is a. concurrence between the two Governments not to ndose thff Ecbnca bridge; but until regulations have been agreed on and promulgated, all passengers, whether on foot or otherwise, pass at their own risk; and bong, in fact, trespassers, must take the consequeaces of that position. Regnla tiems for the traffic have been drafted by a profes sional board at Sydney, and have been submitted to tbe Victorian Government for their concurrence. There is a necessity for regulating the horse and railway traffic to guayri against accidents. All traffic, it is intended, -wiil be free, except the railway, which wiU haveto pay an annual license fee The parties who took part in- the forced openine of tbe bridge will be prosecuted; • 0 Writing on the new loan, the Argus says-— One of our messages'from' London mentions that Mr Berry has decided to offer £3,000,000 of the loan at a minimum of £9&'cum dividend. Tbe moneiy will not require to be paid until the end of March, so that three months' interest will have accrued, amounting-to £1 2s 6d. The net sum therefore, at which the loan is to be offered is 17s 6d. Thebanks.it will he remembered, Bue seated that if £5,000,000 was to be obtained £95 10a would be a aafe minimum, and the smaller sum of £3,000,000 they thought could be floatedataminimumof£9G,butwbetherexdiridend or not does not appear. It is always within power of the government to vary the minimum suggested by the banks. These institutions do no more than offer their advice vhen.it is asked for, and have no right iu any way to insist upon its acceptance The Government are bound by the contract to float the lean .through the agency of tbe banks, bat they fix their own terms an their own responsibility Mr Berry, it is presumed, has been eucaur&gcd; to test the market at a-minimum of £96 17s 6d by the advices'he has received from Melbourne, his colleagues here heing willing tbat he should taketbat course^ rather ' thin consent to any long postpone- The war of the late Hon. J. T. Smith was proved in tbe Equity Court (says .the Argus) on Thursday. The estate wsis sworn at £42,500. \- The tourth preliminary examination of apprentices, since the coming into operation of tbe Pharmacy Act, was Tield (says the Telegraph) at tbe Royal Society's Hall, on Monday laat. The following are the names of those who passed — Frederic Thomas, -William Lowe, Harry Flude, Ager Millington Atkin. Mr Atkin also passed tbe -matriculation examination at the University. Mr Harry- Flnde is a son of Mr Flude, of the School of Mines, and an apprentice to Dr Osier, of Market square. The Arfftttf inferring to tkc f&t;&l; tccids&i; to Bojd, (bender, of Speculation in the bardie nee on Thursday, eaye tbat Mr B. C. B&got; made a collection on behalf of bta widow- and three children, and obtained orer £200 before the racing was over. .The poor fellow bore an .excellent character, and great sympathy was expressed. According , to the" Warrnombool Standard, the production of wheat in that district this year is not sufficient to meet local TeqnirementB. The following additional entries (says the Argus) bare been received from the Ballarat Bon-, isg Club for the Kelbourne RegattaMaiden Fair—J. Stratton (bow), 9at Sib; R. Sharp (stroke), lOat I21b. Maiden Senile—R. Sharp. lOst 121b. The Geefony Advertiser regrets to state tb&t; ophthalmia is very prevalent just now amongst tbe children attending the State school in CbilwelL Last month 120 children were forced to remain away from school, and this month sixty-sis children are at home, through the ravages of this painful disease. Tbe : affliction, moreover, is generally prevalent uthe locality named, and in some parts of Newtown. The . Minister of Education in his last annual report to Parliament commented upon the Tinner of teachers in the employment of the department who were unclassified, and stated his intention of removing from the service all unclassified teachers who failed to obtain classification at the teachers' examination in December last The examination was, as 'might be expected under the circumstances, largely attended, and tbe examiners have been hard at work since in compiling the results. The papers (says tbe Argvs) have now been all examined, and a schedule of the failures will be ready for submission to the Minister in about a week. Every unclassified teacher in tbe colony was summoned to attend the examination, but a number failed to do so, the excuse given in most cases being ill-health. There is little doubt tbat unless some special reasons are shown for lenient treatment in individual cases, Major Smith will cany out his threat of dispensing with the services of those teach era. who have shown themselves incapable of passing -the- easy examination papers provided for the lowest classification—that of a license to teach. The policy of the department is to weed out as far as possible inefficient or insufficiently-educated .teachers, for there are at present some 200 first-classpupil teachers who are eligible for and awaiting appointments as head -teachers or assistants, besides over 300 applicants for employment, either licensed or partially classified. On Thursday ITsays'the -4r,us) a swagman entered Koroit and announced himself as one of .tbe Kellys. He showed revolvers in his breast pocket, and said he had more in his swag. The residents were alarmed, and tbeir fears magnified the affair. On information being given to the police, Sergeant Gray went on the Warrnambool road and arrested the man, who gave the name of Patrick Hennessy. He had a powder-flask, a box of caps, and a horse-pistol capped, but not loaded. The Minister of-Education (says the Argvs) is inclined to consider very favorably a suggestion which -has been .made to -&im; by tbe Australian Health Society,-that sanitary instruction should .be introduced ~,in schools. A deputation from the society, ^ introduced by Mr Hainsay, M.L.A-, will wait on : the 1 Minister on tbe subject next veek," when Major Smith will-explain the manner In which be i believes the object of the society can be attained without interfering with tbe existing curriculum. — At the meeting of the .Executive Omncil held with regard (says the Telegraph) to tbe memorial from the disfranchised electors of Nevham, which was presented to the Governor aa a protest against the result of the West Bourke election, his Excellency has followed the usual course of laying tbe document before his responsible advisers, with file request that they will fanr him with their advice upon "the subject of the memorial. , William G. Byaas (says the Argvs), tbe alleged defaulting secretary of .the Protestant Alliance Society, was brought before the city bench on Thursday, on a charge of having embezzled £9 12s from his employers, and at .the request of the prosecution he was remanded for a week. He was liberated on bail of two sureties for £100 each, and of his own recognisancefor £200. It is stated that there is-a-total deficiency-of £230 in his accounts. The Agent-general (says the Argus) has informed the Government, by the last mail, that the construction of a steam torpedo launch, to be used for defence purposes in Port Phillip, has been entrusted to Messrs Thomcycrcft and Co. The amount of the tender was £2750, and the boat will be completed and forwarded to Victoria as soon as possible. The Thorneytroft boats—which carry spar topedoes—were used, it will be remembered, with greats-effect by .the Bussians on the Danube during the EuBso-TurkiBh war. With rcapect lathe caves at Bathurst, the discovery of which 'taaB been reported by telegram, tbe Times remark*« Mr X. Wilson, who is the keeper of the Pitt : River caves, descended a dark opening in the Elder cave,by means of a rope, for a' distance of 60 feet, and lonnd himself in a cave of large dimensions, containing numbers of specimens of stalactites stalagmites, such as were not eqpalled by anything within his extended experienced this romantic put of thecountiy. In one of the apartments .Mr Wilson found three massive pillars reaching from the floorof the cave to its roof. They appeared of auch pure formation tbat it almost seemed a.pity to touch them lest they might in some way be injured." The effect m light being cast around was that the floor seemed to glitter as frbmtriUipns of diamonds. Through ib£ cave there is a small rivuletrunning, which u •opposed to be the continuation of a stream of water which.gushes out from under a large rock below what is calledThe Nettle Cave." Ameans 6f entrance comparatively , easy was also discovered." \- - • 