$tmi5 ot The New Loan. — It will be seen that the Victorian 44 per cent, loan bee been ancceBalnlly floated. No leae than £6, 000,000 worth of debentures was subscribed for at the very satisfactory figure of £98 18a 6d aod upwards. A Repudiation. — On the 5th insfc, Mr. Mathieeoo, on behalf of the banks, tele graphed to the London chairman, reporting Mr, Patterson's statement that "the bbbd- eiated banks and the Argue had tried to bring down the loan to a price which tbe Govern- ment would not aocept," aod adding, " Banks desire you should obtain Mr. Berry's repudia tion of calumny." Mr. Lirnach replies on the 7th that tbe banks met that afternooo, that Mr. Berry was present, and that he gave "a written repudiation of the opinion ex pressed by bis oollesgues, which was not jaetified by any communication made by him." A Governmental Assurance So- czstv, — At the basquet on Thursday eve ning, the Cnmmieeioner of Riilwaye stated that " for the paat six months the aooouotant in his department had been elaborating a scheme by which employes In time of sick ness, or when incapacitated by accident or old age from farther work, wonld be placed on a footing absolutely independent of any government. It was intended to compel- that was the word, although it might eouud unpleasantly — all of them to pay a certain portion of their salaries into s general food, ont of which, when sick, they conld derive a certain allowance, or an annuity when they retired from the service, on which they woold be able to live. Thus they wonld not be liable to the caprice of any minister, and placed ont of the reach of any government. They would, in fact, be enabled to claim a sick allowance or an annuity as a matter of right, inasmuch as it wonld only be the money they had paid in as they went slong, returned to them. The position might seem harsh for any Minister to take np, bnt he looked npon It as a jnet one ; there were between 4,000 and 5,009 in the employ of tbe department, and he believed ench a scheme wonld be found to work remarkably well." There is no donbt any step that will prevent retiring government servants from claiming pensions will meet with general approval, bat it strikes ue a large deduction will have to be made from salaries in order to provide annuities, nor did tie bear Mr. Woods mention any thing abont what was to be done for the widows and children of those servants who might die iu harness before reaching tbe age at whioh they woold have to retire. An annuity ou which a man conld live, even those belong- isg to the lowest class in the service, conld hardly be leBe than £100 a-year, aDd to pro vide thiB he would have to pay a large sum into the general fnnd, as every day all the employes in the department are approaching the maximum age which many of them will attain at or abont tbe aame time. This diffi culty bowever may be overcome by the Go vernment placing a anm to the credit of the employee, by way of giving the Insurance fond a good start, and few will be fonnd to object to each a coarse being pursued. Portland Regatta — Definite ar rangements have now been made for the epecial train to rnn between Hamilton and Portland next Taeeday, and it appears by sdvertisement elsewhere that tbe excoreion party will make an early etart from Hamilton and returns same evening. Children from all acboois in the district, whether state schools, Sunday Bohools, or private schools, will be conveyed to Portland and back for one shilling. Teaobera belonging to any school will be carried at the fee of half a. crown, and adults from the general public will betaken at six shillings and sixpence. Refreshments and tea will be anpplied to the children at tbe Botanic gardens in Portland, and the arrangements generally will be tbe same as those prevailing on the oocaeion of the last excursion to Portland. Application for tickets mast be made by tbie evening. Hamilton Agricultural Show. — One ot the events of next week will be the annual exhibition of the Hamilton Pastoral sod Agricultural Society. The classes repre, seated ou the programme will constat of poultry, grain, vegetables, fruit, wines, eeeds, jams, butter, cheese, bacon, to., Ac. The season baa been very unfavourable to the growth of agricultural produce, and some ot the leading exhibitors on these occasions have expressed to us their couvictiuu that it will be exceedingly difficult to get up any oopi. petition this year, ae ao few people have any thing to exhibit. What with the effect of tbe drought npon the vegetables, and tbe attentions of the parrots to the frnit, these two principal iteme which bo largely con tribute to make op a successful exhibition, are likely to fall woefully short. However, this is all the more reason why the friende and supporters of the Association efaonld exert themselves to seod in every article likely to keep np the interest of the annual ehow, and they most remember the fact that what has been deemed unworthy of exhibition in more favourable years, may this year prove a welcome addition, owing to the difficulty of combating against an almost nuprecedeutedly bad season, to produce presentable exhibits. St Patrick's Day. — Monday next being dedicated to Ireland's patron saint, will, as nsuml, be observed ae a public holiday, but if we except the Hibernian Ball, the people of Hamilton hare made no arrangements to entertain visitors, or to provide wpoaementB for those who chooee to remain iu town. Therefore we may expeot that the athletic sports in Portland and the Condah races will have -their attractions for holiday-makers, as a epecial train will be running. Tbe annual - ball of the Hibernian Australian Benefit ; Society, to be held at tbe Town Hall, ia likely to prove aa successful as former events of the sort, and we learn that tbe sale of the tickets has been proceeding briskly. The Larrikins. — In uddition to the scribbling of all aorta of filthy sentences on the walls of public buildings, the amuse ment of the nocturnal frolickere have taken a still more miaohievona turn. Somebody has been going round the town with a pot of paint and brnab, and has been oblitera ting the names on sign-boards, disfiguring gates with blotches or ofumsy inscriptions, and painting the glaae of the street lamps so as to render the gae-light almost useless. This ia an expensive game for the citizens, aa those whose property has bean ao disfigured will be compelled to have tbe portion of their premises separated, whilst the Town Council will be rurthened with tbe oost of restoring the street lamps to their pristine efficiency. \TT« aIsJ 4a Ko shin 4m a4aln4.ht4 4.hn Tlfll IflP are "on the alert," but we scarcely hope for any consequences from their vigiianoe, al though it ia aaid the namea of at least too of the offenders are known. A tp Entangled.— What appears like a diabolical attempt to throw a train off the line was made on Wednesday night. The Star reports that " aa the 7 p.m. down train from Melbourne was coming down the hill from Warrenheip into Ballarat, the guard irons and one of the front wheels of the en gine struck a coil of wire lying on the rniln a short distance above the Caledonian Bridge. The train was not travelling vary fast at the time, and as soon aa the obstruction was noticed the breaks were put onand the train was brought to a standstill in abont n minute. It took the engine-driver and stoker ten minutes to ont away the wire, which looked like that need for telegraphic purposes, and the train then proceeded on its way eafely. 1 If the engine lad mounted over the wire n | terrible accident wooid have ensued, ne the train must bav( gone ever the bridge and fallen fourteen feet to the road beneath. How the wire got on the line is unknown, but it ia eurmiaef that some evil-minded per- son or perftooa placed » coil left there for telegraphic purpiaea serosa the rails where the engine first met the obstruction." Railways in South Australia. — By way of contrast to the Vict, nan eyatem of opening new llnei of railway without any preparation for conducting the traffic, ench as goods-sheds, passenger stations. See., we Sod ia Sontb Australia they provide the ntation ac commodation ao as to be ready on thn open ing of the linea. At Monnt Gambler, for instance, the railway buildings are nearly finished, although tbe line to Rivoli Bay is not yet open. The Border Wotdi eayB : "The erection of the varionB buildings at Monnt Gambier in connection with the rail way ie making rapid progress. The goods shed, for whioh Messrs. C. and E. Millar are contractors, will be finished in about three weeks. Moet of tbe material— wood— w im ported here ready cut to reqnired lengtbe, and abont a dozen workmen eoon put it to gether. The engine shed, which will be of atone, will be near Wehl-atreet. The mason- work will be commenced nlmoBt immediately. A large weil ie now being sunk alongside the line, abont halfway from the station to Wehl- atreet, for the nee of the engine. A pump will be put in it, and an eight-hone power SDgine will work it. A turn-table is also being constructed. The passenger elation, for which Mr. Billing ia tbe contractor, is also progressing satisfactorily. Mr. W. G. Glass is ths foreman, aod it is being well car ried ont nnder hie msnagement. The station will be finished abont tbe end of April." Heavy Failure at Colac. — The Comperdown Chronicle regrets to hear that Messrs. Robertson and MTntosb, store keepers, of Colac, have been obliged to enc- aumb to the times. A meeting of their creditors was held last week in Melbourne, at which the debts were eet down at £24.000, and the assets at something above that sum. It is feared that the estate will have to be wound up in the Insolvent Court. Departure. — The Warrrucmbool Guardian states that "Mr. JameeG. Mac- gregor, an old Warrnambool resident of 25 years' standing, left by last Friday's steamer for Melbourne, en roule for Queensland. To bid him farewell, several of hie iotimate friends met him at the jetty, and on the oc casion preieDted bim with a suitable address, accompanied with a purse ol sovereigns. A telegram waa received from him on Monday, saying he was leaving Melbourne for Sydney by the as. Maoedon, (ailing the following day. It ia Mr. Macgregor'a intention to join hia brother, Mr. Samnel Macgregor, in Bris baDe, where we are enre everyone who knew him will wish him deserved success." A Sensational Scene. — The Courier relates that the Western leck-np wsb the scene of a desperate encounter on Toes- day night between a madman, who had joBt been brought in from Learmonth, and tbree members of the police force, Tbe anfortc- tQD&te; madman, a powerfnUy-built fellow, wfao had been placed in a traight»jacket at Learmooth by the united efforts of eiz men, wheo he was brought to the statioD-hooae was apparently quiet and harmless, and was released from hia bonds when placed in tbe cell. Abont ten ofclock the fock-op keeper had occasion to go into tbe cell, and was, as it turned ont, very fortaiiately accompanied by two others of the force. On the tbree eotering the cell, tbe lunatic etood np against tbe wall with hie bands above his head and be then eeemed more rational than be bad been before hie incarceration. He apologised to the police for the trouble he had given them, and then looking earnestly at one of them, said to him, " Were yon not working on Wilson's station V Tbe con stable answered in the negative, and in an instant, without the slightest warniog, the fellow, with the ferocity cf insanity, threw himself on the constable, who is a powerful mas, and had him on tbe floor of tbe cell before the others conld interfere. Tbe maniac grasped the constable by tbe throat, and ao tenacious was his hold that tbe police man stood a very fair chance of being strangled before hu comrades conld release him. For some minutes then a fearful struggle took place, the madman tbrowiog tbree men abont with wonderful violence, aod when at last he wse forced to leave go bis hold of the constable he had pinned down, and tbe tbree got bim on tbe floor, he raved aod bit at his captors, all tbe while ntteiiog the most frightful imprecations upon them. The door ot the cell had alt this time been open, aod tbe combined efforts of tbe con stables were teqnired to prevent the madman breaking loose. After a most exhausting struggle, the constables at last succeeded in getting a etraigbt-jecbet on him, and he became qaiet again. It is a matter for con gratulation that the lock-np keeper did not enter the cell alone, for had he, in all pro bability the maniac would have been too much for him, and might have broken loose upon the town, when moet likely tbere woold have been some terrible occurrence to record. Belfast Baoes. — We are informed tbat there are two errors in tbe telegraphic report of Belfast races, furnished to us by our correspondent. In the steeplechase it was stated that Intrepid aod Too Late went a wrong coarse, whereas Sts<l<ght should have been mentioned instead of Too Late ; the only horses in the race beiog Robin (the winner) Intrepid, and Starlight. The other mistake was the statement that the Selliog Hurdle Race waa won by Rex'a lvanhoe, whereas the race was a Hurry Scurry of eight eove, mile heata (and not sHnnileRaoe), which was won by lvanhoe ae stated. The Illustrated Sketches for tranamieaiou home by tbe outgoing mail bae arrived, and ia a very good number. Amongst other illustrations it contains a remarkably well-executed picture of tbe laying of the foundation atone of the International Ex- hibition by $ir George Bowen. and eome thrilling scenes iu ooooectiou with the recent bush-firee. The Utter ioclude a sketch of tbe narrow escape uf a train on the Portland line from a falling tree. Whioh is Correct 1 — The Argus of Thursday Bays: — "A frenchman, named Louie Lefete, was charged at the City Police Court yesterday with stealing a brush and comb, and tbe theft being clearly proved, he was sentenced to tbree mouths' imprisonment, with bard labour. Daring tbe hesring of tbe caee it incidentally transpired that the prisoner was one of the communists who escaped from New Caledonia end made their way tu Brisbane iu an open boat, subsequently proceeding to Sydney. Ou being questioned in the watch-bouse as to bow he was enabled to reach Melbourne he stated that hie passage by steamer had been paid by the French con sul. With regard to bis escape from New Caledonia, he expressed himself aa being actuated cimply by a desire to regain bia liberty, and stated that he should not have attempted to leave, for he was very com fortable, had not eome 2,000 of hia fellow- conviots been liberated while he was left un pardoned. Referring to his share in the enormities perpetrated by tbe commune during the Franoa-Prnuian war, he denied having been guilty of murder, or having taken any active part in the scenes of violence and bloodshed which occurred. This, he stated, waa recognised by the tribaoal before whioh he was tried, and while serving hia sentence of 21 years' banish ment ha waa therefore allowed, with numbers of others whose crimes were of a political character, many indulgences, while they were confined npon another portion of the island to that allotted to murderers and criminals. He aaaerted that he waa present at the over- throw ofthe VendomeColomn, end witnessed the murder of the Arohbiafaop of Pane. Aa anon aa be regains hie liberty, he remarked that he should endeavour to work his passage baok to hia native country, where he wonld, if poesible, remain qnietly, while he aeBerted that nothing would induce him to take p»rti iu euuu ribiug again, lot ne oeuevea the people were led on untilthey all went mad." This ia what tbe Telegraph haa to say about the eameindividnal : — "On Tuesday night last, an elderly man of French -Rationality, giving the name of Louis Lefott, was given into the custody of Constable Cash, by a boarding- honse keeper of Kiog street, charged with stealing from a shop. The prisoner ie forty, five years of age, and ia a shipwright by trade. He makes a boast of hia lack of veracity, and yesterday endeavoured to make capital out of hia arrest, by declaring that be was an escaped Communist from the Isle of Pines, New Caledonia. He also had the audacity to declare that he had been sent out for twenty-five yean for the share he bed taken in the troubles of tbe French capital, following oloae npon the Prussian investment of Paris. For a long time, and np to late in the afternoon, the scoundrel suooeasfully tickled the ears of the guliiwTbTl?? 9 that he waa ooe of the moat promin. . 9 derera of the Archbishop of P 9 fact is, the fellow is a very old JS 9 the coiooy, andia well known aa « .v <« 9 the police. He was sent to goal "9 9 months by the City Bench." Eg The St. Leon Circus'.— This enn, 9 will perform at Hamilton next H following daye. Respecting it the !f lti II News haa tbe foiiowing remarks - 9 Leon Big Show,' aa it is termed dr<L '' 9 ther large audience last nivbt k. . EH tally 1500 persons present. The'perfnJ1! 9 waa bnt slightly varied from thS 9 Monday night, with the difference!?,? 9 company having had time to preniratt 9 more thoroughly, there wae not ! Vj"l 9 observable from start to finish, t? 9 drnnken scene, iu whioh the perform I ""I"1 9 in multitudinous clothes and a hes« 9 coat, eimulatea drunkenness, gets Dlaerf4"' 9 the horse, and whilst it ia ambHImT!f!lt, M ring divests himself of hia clothinvalj®' 9 pears in spangled tights, was vervahl H formed by one of thn St Leon brothe .S? 9 great Kangaroo,' the Japanese gymns 9 through hia balancing featB with woivL? 9 precision, the strength of hiB limbs n i 9 than hia power of balancing excitinv J" 9 tion and winning applause. Gas St it 9 posturing with ' Little Victoria ' aifl , 1 II that of the 8t. Less brothers, ia well L 9 ing of commendation, The'tnmblint 9 the previous evening, was excellent?? 9 Hamo especially distinguishing him,-j?ff 9 his brilliant leaps aod eomerasulta. Sv 9 Bliaa, tbe clowo, proved ths trait j"? 9 saying, that it takes a wise nun to uJ!? 9 fool,' hie witticisms never failing 9 tbe approbation of the audience." 9 Donations to Charities.— b 9 report of the proceedings at the OddleS 9 meeting yesterday, ie will be seen thitu. 9 earn of £40 has been voted for the Hamna! 9 charities, viz : £30 to the Hospital, olrtu 9 institution Mr. John Greed ia recoauaeri!! 9 asa life governor, and £10 to the Ladies' B. 9 volent Society, As we had not any m 9 charitable institution in thetown, thebik!! 9 ol tbe £50 set apart for such purposexT1 9 ordered to be sent to the Hospital for s? 9 Children with the name of P.G.MConS H as a life governor. Probably had snappl 9 -W..- awa aa (Jtauii 1Q aid lf( Free Library it would have received Z H consideration. H Western Hotei, Balmoral— tl an announcement in our advertising colim, 9 it will be seen that Mr. Charles BegotS 9 spent so many years in Hamilton, as muuZ H of two of onr leading hotels, bae bewmTS 9 boat of the Western Hotel, at Balmoral, ? 9 will be fonnd an acquisition to the epxt 9 ing community of that go-ahead distriotag fU doubtless will be remembered by his pa ton friends when they journey in tjgf l direction. 1 "jl Wannon Shire Council — OnMoi4 JS day, Mr. I. G. Gray wae eleoted without i v opposition to take hia neat at the above is mentioned contrail table ae representslivefa '1 the Balmoral riding, and did ao ou Weds, 3) day. 1 A New Pastor. — We undetBtaai a that the Rev. J. J. Herbert, R. C. clergymn '-a has been appointed to the Hamilton ||j aa joint pastor with the Rev. J. Heyne. Fx some years paat, this gentleman hae cfficuH in Belfast, nud previously was in chargeofth Stawell and Horabam districts, Hepxg from theae places are very flstteringas to 11 efficiency and zeal ; therefore, the CstUt community are to be congratulated en ih rev. gentleman's appointment to Hamilton. Stimulants for Hospital Patiee — We have received long letter en tin nbjeot from Mr. Alfred Aiden, in (thick h challenges Dr. Scott's opinion about tig efficiency of stimulants, and advocata ttn practice of hydropathy. As the unfortnuii fellow abont whom tbe controversy tm died on Thursday, we think the mitts should be allowed to pass into oblivion. New Insolvency — Schedule filed at Hamilton. — Frank Atkinson, cab pn> prietor ; cause of insolvency, horse and ok hsving been illegally and:uuj ?fitly aeited,ud H sold for rent; liabilities, :£67 5s tyi; assets, £3 ; deficiency, £64 5s 0&<L of creditors will be held at the Cooit-hnp, Hamilton, on Tuesday, March 18th, it L o'olock coon. The S.ri. Julia Percy. — We inn | have been requested to state that the lib H Percy will leave tbe Western Porta on lb- H day oext instead of on Tuesday, m Cabamut FiEEca— Messrs. Dalgsfc j| Ihbotaon and Co. (says the Morilalx Dii< |jl patch ) have received a cablegram fromtbffi ll iooauQ bouse, dated 1st instant, idviiin Bg| them that the average price of the Ciramti |j| fleece wool, ex Jerusalem, 70 bales, and Kar< H thumberland, SO bales, was 2a 9Jd per lb ip 