1HE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCLt Trvsniv. Oi-rriRKR 21. The DEnm-PKisiDKKT toofe the Chair at 2 o'clock. PAPER. The CH1KF SECKErAKi' (lion. \V. Morgan) :aiu on tue table plans oi proposes new nunareas. MAIN EOADS AMENDMENT BILL. A message was received from the House of Assembly statins that ihe members of that rioase had agreed to the amendments made by the i-?K'9lative Council to the Main Koacis Amend ment Bill without further amendment. LOAS BILL. A. message waa received from the House of Assembly forwariiinu a Bill to provide fuiuls to the amount of XIJ77,US4 for vanuas public works anil other purposes. ('p. the motion of the CHIEF SECKETAKT the Bill was read a li.-.--t time an.l the second rcaoicg was made au Vide: of the Day for \Ved nesiiay next. GOVERNMENT ADVERTISEMENTS. The Hon. K. C. BAKEi: moved— 'That a return (in continuation of Parliamen tary 1'jiper No. :'l of 1ST'.') If laid on tbe table of th:s Council ehowins Uie amounts paid to or cinirueil bv the proprietors of tha iltoister and .?hlirtucr newspapers for Government advertise ments,' ami stated that the motion was rather vajrue, but that was owing to the way iu which Paper No. '.-I had oeen furnished. What he wanted waa a continuation of that Paper, showing the amounts that had I een paid to the proprietors of the Rigittw and A'lvirtin'r newspapers for advcrtiaeiuenu up to date. He did not know how it was that cf late ytarssticti an enormous amount had been paid to the proprietors of these newspapers. He found from the return he had alluded to that .£705 had been paid to the Jicjister. and .£772 to the A'lrcrti-er for (ioreriMieut advertisements, and that was only during pan of the year. In an answer piven to him a short time since the Chief Secretary had informed him that the sums he had mentioned did not include the amount paid for advertising the instructions that were issued to the Liquor Laws Commission. He believed that the amount paid for advertising those in structions would be a very large sum. as hon. members would see if they looked into the matter that the instructions had been inserted day after day in the most expensive part of the daily papers. He did not know what interest these instructions could be to the public, as it was quite sufficient for them to know that the Commission had been ap pointed, and that evidence was being taken, lie thought that il was a needless expenditure to ad vertise these instructions. They all knew that the daily Piess of South Australia was a subsidised Press. It waa SHbsidized by the Uovern nunt in carrying their newspapers for nothing. He was of opinion that it was wrong that these papers should be bo subsidized, and although he did not expect he could now eet a majority to do away with such a state of atiairs, yet he thought he would be able on some future day to do so. But as the papers were so subsidised it was one reason why they should not charge such a lar^e amount for Government advertisements. If hon. members looked up the matter they would see that it was only of late years, and especially since the present Government had l-een in oiiice, that such large amounts had been paid to the newspapers for the insertion of the Government advertisements. He waa not sure that these advertisements had necessarily been given to the Press by responsible Ministers. They might have been given by some permanent official. At all events he should like to know by whom it had been done. Then there wag the advertisement regarding bunh iires, which was inserted day after day in the daily papers, which scarcely ever went into the country. (Several hon. members — ' No.'1) Well, not like the weekly papers. To do this was monstrous, especially when the Bushfires Act was better known throughout the country than any other Act now in existence. It was well known that one of the members in the present Ministry was the proprietor of one of their daily papers. He could not understand how that gentleman as a teacher of public morality could permit this notice to be inserted in his own paper day after day. He had not the slightest objection to the- newspapers faying anything at- out him bo long as it was correct, and he claimed the right iu that Council to say what he pleased about the newspapers. He would like to know from the newspapers or the Chief Secretary why this item for Government advertising had so largely increased during late years. The CHIEP SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan) said he had already explained tliat the large in crease in the amount paid for bush fire advertise ments was on account of the prolonged dry season. What would be the eliect if from not giving suf ficient prominer.ee to the provisions of the Bush. Fires Act a large fire spread over the coun try, and destroyed an immense amount of pioperty. Such a fire would be twenty times more disastrous than the cost of all the advertise ments put together. (Hear, hear.) The reason why the advertisements had been inserted was that it was thought necessary to give the widest circulation and utmost prominence to the regula tions regarding what precautions should be used to prevent these fires. He did not know what the hon. member meant by saving that the daily papers did not circulate in the country. He knew that they used to do so to a very great 'extent, and whenever he went into the country he could always obtain one. The Hon. Mr. Fisher could tell the hon. member that the daily papers circulated as much in the country as in the city. (Hon. J. Fisher— ' Hear, hear.') The Hon. Mr. Baker had said that he did not believe these advertisements had been of the slightest good. He was not re sponsible to the Hon. Mr. Baker for the insertion of these advertisements; but if that hon. geutleman was in cilice he would put in what advertisements he thought were necessary. If the hon. member did net approve of his conduct in the matter let him move a motion to that eflect, and they would see what would be the result. He believed that a great mistake bad been made by not inserting advertisements regarding Government tenders in the public papers, (hear, hear.) He thought that for every £1 saved by confining these adver tisements to the Government Gazette £10 was lest in some other way. (Hear, hear.) Regarding the advertisement of the instruction? issued to tbe Liquor Law Commission, he would point out that the Government were not responsible for the insertion of those advertisements, but the members of the Commission. The Government had had nothing to do with it, but the advertisement had been very properly issued by the Commissioners, so that anybody who wished could come forward and give information upon the subject. The Hon. Mr. Baker said it was not necessary to do this, but there was an eminent authority, viz. Dean RuEsell, who thought that not enough publicity had been given to the objects of the Commission. 3 he very rev. gentleman had said at n deputa ticn tliat if more publicity had been Riven a great deal more good would have resulted from the labours of the Commission. F'rcm the opposite opinions of these two authori ties he had come to the conclusion that the course puisued by the Commission was a risht one. He was no apologist for the Press of the colonv, and tbe hon. gentleman could fight his own battles w;th them, and he was sure that the Hon. Mr. King could also tight his own battles, if not in Parliament through the paper of which he was proprietor. There would not be the slightest objection to furnish this return, and the hon. gentleman could make what use of it he liked. The Hon. J. FiriHEKsaid as a member of the Liquor Law Commission he hail to state that he considered that no undue amount had been spent by tbe Luiuor Law Commi&Mon;, ami the cha-ge mace by Dean Kussell that not enough publicity had been given to the objects of the Commission had been dirproved. The advertisement had appeared day after d.13% and it was the very levfrtnd gentleman's own fault that he had not attended to give his evidence. Regarding the pei.eral question, he believed the Governments of tbe country had from time to time heard that there was a great waste -if public money until the Hon. J. Carrhad brought in a Bill to contine Govern ment advertisements to the tiazcttc Every business man in the community knew the advantages of judicious advertising, and he believed that a benefit resulted from giving a certain amount of publicity regarding Government works in the daily Press. II greater publicity wure given in regard to tenders called for great benefit would result, but they must be careful not to over-advertise. He believed that two insertions of Biicli advertisements in the daily papers and one in the weeklies would l*the means of saving much money. He believed it was a mis take to advertise the Bush-fires Kegnlations to f uch an extent aa had been done, and he was of cpiniin that tum'cient publicity would be given in that direction if large placards were printed and posted at the country Post-Uffices and Local Courts. This could be done at very little expense; but he believed whatever course had been followed by the Government it had not been done with a view of subsidizing the daily Press. He was certain the proprietors of the Ucgif'rr and Observer, as well as those of the A'l ccrtiscr and Chrnnir/r, would scorn the idea of being subsidized. The Government would never attempt to subsidize them, And after twenty years' experience in a newspaper office be could state that the editor knew nothing at all about the commercial department; ami therefore, to say that the papers were subsidired was a very great mistake. He thought a great deal of money had teen wasted by giving advertise ments to country newspapers, though in the cases of contracts occurring in country districts it was a proper thing to give the local paper advertise merits. Again, to advertise Government matters in such papers as the Por'wian, Lav, km, or Australian Star ^was altogether unnecessary, from the fact that business people in the country took either the daily or leading weekly papers. He thought the Government should only advertise in what they believed to be the most useful business papers, jurt in the fame way aa private persons would (!o in conducting their affairs, so as to secure thorough publicity without unnecessary eipenfe. He did not think the hon. vavmter for Mount Barker would be able to sustain the charge he had made nsainft the papers— and he (Mr. Fisher) epoke with Borne authority on the subject, baying spent nearly all his life in a newspaper office. The Hon. A- HAY agreed with the mast of the rt marks of the Hon. J. Fisher, but disagreed with him and the Chief Secretary in stating that a Having would be effected if the tenders for GovernrueHt works were advertised in the daily Press. The sum of i2,27i 7s. 16*3. had been put down as having been paid for advertising, and be believed that amount could have lieen reduced to a very Rreat extent— in fact to £100. It might be stated that the Gorsrcment were not subsidizing the Pres3, tut let the Government withdraw their advertise ments Ircm the papers acd see whether they would t« .1 popular Government or not. Let t. .2 Government try the experi ment of put-ing ibt'.r a-ivertiserutiiU in the U-.rrmv.i a! (in-.i!*-, and then have a short auvert:K-n.er.t m \'..a daily puperR drawing atten tion to the ativt.rti.K-rciii'.s in the Gazc'U. He flaH one cf the bert things ever done was the curt;iii rcsct cf the Government advertisements in the pspers: but the pre«en: Government had not cur tailed tut rather extended eipeniiture in that direction. The sooner the expense waa curtailed ae was fioce in England the better. The G'nrrn n rr.t Gazct'c fhccUl be i-cld at a low price and attention .irawn in important advertisements. Vi hen they Judoniy t«- leading newspapers in tbe colony and the community was very small it was right that the advertisements should go into the papers; but as tt.e colony advanced, and there wrr»? r.ow r-*tt;t fnr'y ppriere and the number »'«»ir« l'i'f«--.«'v i*n:-u. h» »n certain that iultu at/Uiu Lul- auiicul Mcie ciitcku Uit ijilcjl wpda break down of ita cost He did not agreo with the Hon. J, Fisher that the advertisement* should be confined to certain papers. If they want to the editors of the Methodist Journal and lbs Independent, or of the »ce Lan-t, which cuaran Ued a circulation of 4.0U0, they would find that these papers circulated among certain classes anil went into the country, so that it might be useful Ecmctimes to give them advertisements. The only way satisfactorily to deal with this matter was to have one acknowledged publication connected with the Government, and when attention had to be directed to such matters as the Bueh fires Regulations it coaM bo done by means tf large placards pUced in Post ( 'tikes and Local Courts. He was sure the Hon. Mr. Uafcer had done Quite rvht to ask for this re turn, and he felt ceruin that if the expenditure was going on as it had done in the past the House would see that there was fome necessity for retrenchment. They were going in Ivt a new system of taxation. (??ut if by cutting down tbe advertising to the extent of i.3 000 they could save that sum of money there might be no necessity for further t.imtion. The Hon. R. C. BAKER said the Hon. J. Fisher had assumed that be had stated the Government subsidized the newspaper i'res.8 of the colony by its advertisements. (Mr. Fisher— ' hear, hear.') He had not said that, but he had stated that tho proprietors of the papers were subsidized by law by having their papers carried free of charge. He did not uuinuate that the proprietors of the Register h«d in any way curried favour for the sake of the advertisements. (The Hou. J. Fisher—' 1 thought you implied that') lie contended that a large amount of public money had been very inju diciously spent m advertisements to the Press of the colony, and that it should be put a stop to. Such a large expenditure had not taken place formerly. He had called public attention to the matter with the view of putting a stop to over- expendituie in advertising. He believed that the production of tbe return No. 91 had had great effect in checking this expenditure, and that if the people's representatives had not taken notice of the matter there would hare been a great addition to the advertisements supplied to tbe Press. Let the Government keep to tha Gazette. He thought the Hon. Mr. Hay bad hit ? the mark when he stated that if the Government . withdrew their advertisements they would ceasa to be popular. The Hon. A. HAY— 1 would explain that I did not say that, but 1 asked if any Government going into effice began to cut down their adver tisements would they continue to be popular! The Hon. K. C. BAKER, continuing, said tho hon. member had put it iu a stronger light than ever. He had implied thai the Government wero popular on account of their advertisements, and he was not sure that he was not right in what he said, but it was the sort of thing that it was impossible to prove. There waa one tjueftion that the Chief ^ecrttary had overlooked, and that was when ho (Mr. Baker) had mentioned that it was possible that the issuing ot these advertisements had not been done by the responsible Minister, but by some over-zealous official »ho wished to make himself popular. The motion was then carried. ELECTORAL DISTRICTS BILL. A message was received from tbe House of Assembly, requesting that the Electoral Districts Bill be returned to that House for the purpose oi rectifying an error which had taken place m con nection with the third reading. The CHIEF SECRET AKY (Hon. W. Morgan), in moving that the Bill be returned to the Housa of Assembly in accordance with the terms of tha message received, said that there was a precedent for the course which the Council was asked u» adopt, inasmuch as in the session of IStSt 70 tho South-Eastern Railway Bill was returned from tho Council to the House of Assembly under some what similar circumstances. He might state for the information of the Council that he understood that the reason why it was necessary for thcllousa of Assembly to have the Kill again before it waa that an informality had been committed in not re cording the division on the third reading in tha manner required by the Constitution. The Hon. ,1. FISHER enquired of the Deputy Presidciil whether theie nouul be any objection to tbe remrn df tbe Bill a.s desired by :hc Assembly. The DEPUTY-PRESIDENT stated that tha return 9f the Bill under the circumstances set forth: was quite in accordance with Parliamentary pre cedent. Of course all the previous proceedings ia the Council with regard to the Bill must ba considered as cancelled. The motion was then carried, md the BUI returned to the House of Assembly. NORTHERN TERRITORY LAND FURTHER AMENDMENT BILL. Third reading. On the motion of the CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan), this Bill was read a third time, passed, and returned to tne House of Assembly without amendment CONTRACTORS' DEBTS BILL. Second reading. 'Ihe Hon. W. SANDOVER, in movim? tho second reading of this Bill, said it was founded oa a Bill which had been in existence in Victoria sinca IS70, and worked very successfully in that colony. There waB, however, this dilierence, that whereaa in Victoria no limit was fixed to the amount that a man might claim in the shape of arrears of wages, or as a subcontractor uuder the present Bill a workman could not claim for more than four weeks' wages, and a subcontractor could not recover more than £SM. It frequently happened that dishonest or impecunious contractors wero unable to discharge their liabilities to their work men and those who carried out contracts under them, and the Bill would be a source of great benefit to the working class by securing them tbe pay to which they were entitled in the shape of wages earned. The Hon. P. SANTO thought the hon. mover had cot made out his case in favour of the BilL Every one knew that the greatest importance waa now attached by those who desired to carry out works of sny magnitude to securing the services ot a contractor of standing and respectability, who could t-e relied upon to fulfil the conditions of his contract and execute the work faithfully. (Hear, hear.) Such a contractor would see that his men were paid regularly every week ; but tbe BilL it carried, would probably lead some unscrupulous contractors to say to their men — ' You need not press me for your wages ; you know you ara perfectly safe, even though the man who supplied tho bricks and lime may have to suffer.'' That was very objectionable, and should not be tolerated for a moment. The working classes of the colony were quite capable of looking after their own interests, and he did not believe they wanted tho Bill. There was no place in the world where tha interests of the woiking classes were better pro tected already. (Hear, hear) They were quite sufficiently looked after as far as the recovery ot wages wbr concerned by the Insolvency Act; but be thought the Bill would go considerably further and tend to hand over to tho workmen funds which, in many cases, should fairly belong to those ?who supplied the contractor with tuateriaU for which they had not been paid. Again, a man resident in Adelaide might have entered into an arrangement with a contractor to carry out large works in a distant part of the colony, and havo paid up to the contractor all that was due to him, and yet under the Bill he would be liable to be called an ay to attend at a Local Court in a remote part of the country to answer the claims brought ''-? the contractor's workmen. Considering that the Bill would work most mischievously he should move that it be lead again that day six The Hon. T. HOGARTH would second tho amendment. The Bill was one of the most ridiculous ever brought before the Council. It would interfere injuriously with the lelations of employers and employed, the latter of whom were sufficiently protected by the ordinary law, which enabled any man to sue for his wages as soon aa they were overdue. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. IV. Morgan- wax sorry the Hon. T. Hogarth should describe tho Bill as a ridiculous measure. He believed it was a. very useful Bill, and should support the second reading. He, however, quite agreed that tho working man was, as a rule, able to protect his own interests, and in town he did so -, but in the country contractors were frequently not so well oil as in the more settled districts, and their failure or insol vency occasioned great hardships to their work men. The Hon. P. Santo's chief objection appeared to be to the principle of the Bill, but the principle was already admitted in the Insolvency Act as rtgards the claims of workmen to recover their wages in priority to other creditors. Tho tendency of the Bill would be to cause people to exercife greater caution than they now did in the selection of thoroughly (substantial contractors to carry out their works, and in that respect also would \\-c very beneficial. As to wli.it had been said al^.ut the working classes not requiring the Bill, he believed it would be welcomed in the country dis tricts, where the working classes depending on we-.kly wages often euilured great hardsh'pa tnroufih the inability of a contractor to discharge his liabilities. The Hon. H. SCOTT eaid that in the interests of the wives and families of working man he should feel bound to vote against the Bill. The best security that the working man could have for bis pay was to get the cash at the end of the week. (Henr, hear.) If. however, workmen felt that they would In safe in letting their wages stand orera bit they would probably frequently be doing so, and run into debt meanwhile, to the injury of the best interests of themselves and their families. (Hear, hear.) The fame principle applied to all people who had to earn their living, whether by their hands or brains, and who would l-e much benefited in the long run if the present universal system of credit were somewhat curtailed. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. J. CKO/CIEK did not think the Bill was wanted. The working classes were iiuile ablo to take care of themselves. He had never Been a working man who could not cause his employer a deal more annoyance than the employer could cause him. (Laughter.) As long as they had as ic any lawyers as they now had he did not think the working man need fear that his interests would not Le duly looked after. (Laughter.) The Hon. \V. HANDOVER said the Hoc. Mr. Santo had in his remarks introduced the working nen's question, and had stated that they were already sufficiently protected under the Insolvency Law; but hon. members must remember that workmen whose wages were from any cause in arrear might as well forfeit their pay altogether as waste time in hanging about the Insolvency Court. The BUI introduced no new principle, and was, in fact, only nn extension of theprinciple laid down in the Insolvency Act that the workmen of a contractor should have a prior claim for their wages over the other creditors of the insolvent. It had alwajs bten reckoned that the wages ques tion was a very important one, and that a labourer had a prior claim over other creditors. He thought the position of the working men in South Australia was very good, yet during tbe last twelve months he had seen strong able- bodied men seeking employment. Working men would be fools if they threw themselves out of employment because of tbe tyranny of masters over them; but he contended that as a rule more selfishness eras' to 1* found among the representatives of capital than amenp the labouring classes. He hoped hon. rr.unl'ers would not vote against the Bill. Ihe amendment was then put, aad declared carritd. The Hon. W. SANDOVER called for a division, which reEUitt'l i£ follows:— Ates. 2—- The Hon. the Chief Secretary and the Hon. W. Sandover (teller). Nofs 12-THe lions. R. C. Bifcer. A. Camp l;el!. J. Crozier, W. DuiiieM, J. Fisher A. Hay. T. Hopartb. H. Kent Hughes, J. Hod^kiss, J. Pearce, H. Scott, and P. Harito (.teller). Majority of 10 for the Noes. ELECTORAL DL^TRICTS BILL. This Bill was received by message from tha Pn-fc rf Awinblv arfl 'a' read a first time, .:??'? KIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W, Moreani I h» suspension cf the Standing Orders and ro on Tritb the BiH. The measure had been for some days before the Council. ? The Hon. W. SANDOVER would not consent to that. He had given notice of some new clauses re panting the increase of the number of members m the Council which he wished to insert in the. Bill. He was desirous that hon. members should see them in print. He had been unable to get them printed, and he therefore hoped the Bill would cot be bur ned through before they were before the Com mittee. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan) said as the hon. member wished it he would move that the second reading of the BUI be made an Order of tae Day for Wednesday. Ihe Hon. W. HANDOVER said he did not think hon. members would be able to hare his proposed clauses in their hands by the foUowuw day. and, therefore, a further date than Wednes day might be fixed. . Ihe Hon. A. HAY thought it would be un desirable to postpone the Bill beyond the following day and believed that the purpose of the Hon. AY. Sandover would be met if he allowed the second reading to proceed and adjourned the Bui when it cot into Committee. (Hear, heac.) The second reading was made an Order of the Day for Wednesday next. BANKERS' BOOKS EVIDENCE BILL. Second reading. ? The CHJJtF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morzan) moved the second reading of this Bill, and stated that hon. members were aware that a Bill under the title of this measure had been before the Council for some time, and he had explained that it had been put off from time to time so that the Government might receive a copy of Sir John Lubbcck's measure lately passed in the House of Commons. The Bill now before the Council was a lerbatim copy of that Act, and the bankers, who were chiefly interested, were unanimously in favour of the measure as it now stood. It was not necessary, therefore, for him to make any further remarks, but he would move the second reading of the Bill. The Bill was then read a second time and passed through Committee without amendment. Progress was reported, and the third reading was fixed for Wednesday. CROWN LANDS CONSOLIDATION ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Second readine. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan), in mGvicg the second readinsc of this measure, ?tated that lion, members would no doubt recollect that considerable difficulty had arisen from time to time in dealing with the waste lands of the colony. In. the first instance when the system of deferred payments was introduced the' land was sold by Dutch auction. The principle of this system was that the hind was offered at certain fixed rates, and these were re duced from week to week until they came down to £1 an acre. In the meantime people were allowed to select land at the price they thsught jt was worth. Many difficulties had arisen under that system. The next plan that vr?s adopted was that of limited auction?, which was tiled for a long time. Under it if two persons made simultaneous appli cation for a section only those persona were allowed to compete at auction, but where one was unable to get the whole he required he was allowed to throw up the lot. The Crown Lands Consolida tion. Act, which this Bill was to amend, provided a new system to enable a selector to tret all the land be required in one block, and at a fair price. That By stem had been in operation until the present time, but had not worked at all well. This plan had been opposed by several hon. mem bers, particularly the Hon. J. Pearce who had urged that it din not give the bona- fide selector a, chance of obtaining land at a fair price. It night happen that two persons might be bidding for bud in the same hundred, thinking that they were wanting the Bame section; but it often took place that the man who paid £.i or £5 an acre found that his opponent wanted the land in a totally, different part of the hundred. It was not the intention of the Legislature that anything of that kind should take place. A Select Com mittee was moved for by a member of the House of Assembly, which enquired into thia subject, took a mass of evidence, which was almost unanimous in condemning the system, and reported against it. The Committee proposed a plan that there should be an auction of the land, ana that the Surveyor-General should imme diately . before the sale hand up a list of the best sections in the hundred, and these should be put up to auction, and persona allowed to bid for them. Hon. members would remember that by tne present Act the area of a tection was limited to EWacreB, so that a person wishing to take up land to the extent of 1,000 acres could only take two blocks. It frequently happened that the blocks were surveyed much smaller than the maximum area, acd it was intended to provide Ly the present Bill that if the blocks otfereU were 300 acres each the selector would have the option of taking three blocks. This, however, would not have the effect cf curing all the evils, because a man in one hundred might want to Lay some Ian 1 adjoining his property, but in a new hundred the first selec tion that was put up might happen not to be ore that be wanted, and so tiis person who received it could 6elect the very land that the other lsian wa3 auxious to ob tain. The plan, however, was wor by of trial, as he thought it would enable selectors to procure land st fair prices, a-xi the Government could get a fair value tor iheir land. He hid stated thai this alteration hud been itisde in ace-niance with the recomirftflaiun of she Select Uororait'ee. O.her proposals hud alf-o been rnaUe by the Committee, which it bUi pteu would virtually alter the law of selection attonetrier. The Government hail th-uiht that there «n» not time to deal with nil those mattei s th-a hestion. but aa the i-uliject with which the Bill i cult w*a imu-] to l-e a -:rvibg evil they bad thought it better to introduce a small measure dealing with the one qoi- ttiun rather than fo into the whole subject thia session, te need not now go into the recommendations made by the Select Ccminiltee. One of the main points in the B H was in regard to the one-thousand-acre clause. When the down Lands Consolidation Act was passed the Legislature decided that the limit which any person should be allowed to select oa credit should be one thousand acres. Owing, ho» sver, to the wording of ihe 25 h claase, persons who had previously taken up hulling! and afterwards sold out found that their previous selections were counted agnnat i hem and rii-ducted from the one thoutann acres which they subsequently desired to take up. To remedy this the Act of 1S7S was passed, by which it was aoupht to ??e made clear that a person mient hold one ihuusand acres and not more than ore thousand acres upon credit at any one time, previous holdings not being counted aa part ot the thousand. The Surveyor GescraJ, however, read the Kill to mean that a mas might hi Id (51U screw under an old Act and 1,1-CO more under the new Act. malting I 6t» in all, andev^n ihe beet legal aiuruimio) were divided as to iheiuterpreixlioij to be pat uuon the wording of the Act* in question Under those circumstances the present i-.ul proposed tn plare 'he matter beyond all question by distinctly Mating what was the maximum area that a '-elector could bold upon tredit. The remaining alcerau -ns rff cted by the J5i!l were of MJiall importance, and he would only suldihai in Cuniuiiitee be shoulu seek to mike a verbal amenuiueti. in clause tf, where the w -rd 'fcunenflertd' had by » curious oversuint be«a eustituled fur the word ' maximum.' The (on J. PEARCB did not regard the BiH as -s cue for the evils of the present Und system, but would support it as being a slight improvement and » sttp in trie nght nirrcnon. A genius had been tiefttitd aa btintt a m«u before his time, la that respect he itl. iudb ed to thiuk he mu*t be a jjeniLs himtel:, for he had certainty aiwa)s been lefore bia time m his views on the land question. lie wap, and always bad be°n, of opinion mat they would never get a thoroughly satisfactory land t-ystem until they iiud lue land surveyed in the iitrgcfct blocka »mcn the l»w allowed a selector to tale cp. If the mucitijuui was nxed at 10 0 acres, then Itt the c^u.^ry i)3 anive.ed in tuousand acre section*, atd to meet the case of the J.OOT felfctt.r who c uld not take up a whole block, let him take np a subdivision. There isaiuder ot the section would be much increased m value i'y the latwro of tne lint selector, and -he Giiven.uienl wouid net an eDiiauced price for the uttia nder without any injury beiu* ceased to a sickle human being. Be olj_-cted to the auction i. j stem alt* nether. A few extra shillings ini-$bt be wrui.gnnt - f the selector at auction, but in the long ronltie ie»enueof the coun'ry suffered by it. Again, the method ot rierermimnp bvaucrion who should nave's [nincuUr «ecu-n »a» altoirethrr unwound. It wi u d be I*i ueuer to h^ve a thorough ciaes fi cittcu ot the laud, and if uuttung b^;;er than the picscut ace ion -je'co- could be devised let the ?. icfiunp l- drawr for by lota. Although ha was. as be hurt intimated, rot particu arly in love with tl\c BiH, jet, like other politicmna. as. he cou'd not Met -exactly what he wan'-d. he must take the next l-cst thii a be coutu vei, uid would therefore support the BilL The motion f jr the second reading was then .carried. In Committee. Oauites 1 to 5 wf re pawd. Clause 6. ijeiector not again to select upon credit. Ihe CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W, Moraan) moved to ttnkc out the wuru ' buxreoder.-d* in the 17th tins and icscrt ' inaxiinum.' tiuried. The retraining clauses having been parted ?without amendment, the Council resumed, the Committee reported, and the report was adopted. Ttie Sanding Ciders were then suspended to -enable ihe Bill to pass through its remaining fctages without delay, and the bill was read a third time, patted, and returned to the House of As sembly with amendments. yORTHPPy TLBBITORY INDIANIMJUGKA- TION BI; L. In Committee. Clause 2- Appointment of emigration agents. The Hon. K. C BAKtK said that in his opinion the Bill, whilst giving the country the substance of a large Diuspective expenditure, did not bold the subteit shadow of any benefit to ' be derived. Be thought the Chief Secretary could scarcely have read the BUI. or , be would have more completely answered the' points raised by tbe H :n. Dr. Campbell st the. last sitting of the Council. A number «t . ifficers w«re to be appointed under the Bill. Fust, there were the emigration sgebts, whose salaries were to be voted by Parlia ment. Then there were the Protectors of Immi grants, who were to be appointed by the Governor in Council, and with regard to their salaries there was no provision that they should be voted by Parliament, lbe tame coulj be said of the medical officers and the inspectors. It appeared to him rather anomalous that this Bill shoulJ be brought in to provide labour for the Northern Ter ritory at a time when they bad numbers of Chinese labourers in the Territory for whom no other employment could be found than on relief works, lie did not know who had asked for the Bill, bat fee presumed it was brought forward at the instigation of some private persons. Fast expe rience of legislation for the benefit of private persons had not been satisfactory. Witness the «k cf tbe Murray Flats, when the only real flats wera tbe Ministry. (Laughter.) ? The CHIEF SECRETARY tHon. W. Morgan) dcuUed whether the hon. member was in order in ffcfcg Tcto the question of the Murray Flats. The -jue*- ion before the Council was ax to the second cl^utc ct the B11L T{ e Hon. K. C BAKER, rcsumniR said he only va&Uri; to know at whose instance the Bill was LnttKU forward. IT the Bill was intended to facilitate the culture of tropical prodocta they couiri not have better labourers than the Chinese, who catre to the T«nWry of their own accord. said w-th r-psni to whom, therefore, no such sprrisWegrslatKm 83 ;th» present measure wbs D-Tr.'?::£BIEy SECRSTABY -Hon- W. Morgan) saidthst, se he hatl upbtiBed at tbe last tUUrscI the Coundl, the requisitionisbj who wanted labour from time to time would hare to sign a bond and undertake to pay the expenses connected with the importation of the coolies they required. The Government did not want to import coolies for their own works, but they desired to create the machinery by which a class of labourers cou'.ii iie introduced into the Territory who were specially adapted for the cuUure of tropical products. Some time must eUpse before the provisions of the Bill could come into operation, because the Bill would have to be referred to India and receive the approval of the Viceroy in Council, and afterwaida be forwarded to tbe Imperial Government for th': assent of the Queen. As to the salaries of the officers, the intention of the Bill was lhat they should be voted by Parliament. He was sur prised at the opposition of tbe Hoc. Mr. iiaker, considering that it would ba impossible to prccure that coolie labour ?which wa3 so essential te the profitable cultivation of tropical products without such a Bill as that before the Council, for the simple reason that the Indian Government would decline to permit coolies bein* taken sway from India except under such regu lations as were provided by tbe Bill, and were in operation in regard to coolie labour sent to the Mauritius and other colonies. The Hon. J. CKOZI&K; regarded the Bill as one of the worst that had ever come before the Council. If it were passed he believed that it would lead them into even worse trouble than they had ab eady suffered in regard to the Northern Territory. The machinery provided by the BUI for the intro duction of coolies would be of tbe moat expensive character. It was true that the requisitionists were to pay the expenses connected with the importation of coolies, but he did not see how such requisi uonists were to be called upon to pay the cost of maintaining the permanent staff of officers and all the expensive machinery of depots created by the Bill. The Bon. A. HAY was surprised at the opposi tion which had been raised to the Bill. Be did not think the Bill would impose any extra burdens on the country. Tr-e requisitionists would have to pay the cost of importing the coolies, and they had to find sureties for the due fulfilment of their engagements. Of course the Government would be to blame if it did not see that the sureties were men of substance. He believed that tbe Bill wouid tend to make the Northern Territory productive and profitable by providing the machinery for the introduction of labourers accustomed to working on sugar and coffee plantations, for which purpose Chinese labour might not be suited. It must also be borne in mind that the planters themselves might not care to have Chinese workmen, to the management of whom they were not accustomed. The Hap. T. HOGARTH said that he could see no good reason why the Bill should be passed. It was clear to bis mind that the Government must pay the cost of the permanent machinery created by the Bill for the introduction of coolies notwithstanding that the requiBitionists who signed a request for a batch of labourers would have to pay the immediate expense of their im portation. Besides that it must be remembered that there was no security that after the Bill came into force any one would avail himself of its pro visions, and then an expensive machinery would have been established without any reasonable pro bability of the Government being recouped for. its expenditure. The Hon. H. SCOTT thought it was desirable that Indian coolies should be introduced into the Northern Territory, but said there was no in formation before the Council as to the probable extent of the demand for such labour. (The Chief Secretary—*' The coolies will be imported as and when the demand arises, not before.' But perma nent officers would have to be appointed at very high salaries, and it could not be supposed that a man who wanted to import a batch ot say from sixty to a hundred coolies could be called upon to pay the entire annual expenses of the permanent staff, even though he misht be the only person who wanted such labour during a par ticular year. He was rather of opinion that- it would be wise to let the whole matter stand over for a time until they saw more clearly what the actual requirements of the Territory were. The Hon. J. FISBEB said it appeared to him that the whole machinery of the Bill would be probably put into operation before it could be known whether settlers would or would not avail themselves of the facilities for the introduction of the labour offered by the Bill. He might mention that there was a feeling out of door that the officers referred to in the Bill might be appointed before they were necessary. One gentleman had said to him that a certain person was already in communi cation with the Government in regard to a valuable appointment under the Bill. (The Chief Secretary — 'Nothing of the kind has taken place.') He was plad to elicit that remark from the Chief Sf cietary, and it cocfirmet* the observation he him self made to hi» informant that it was highly im probable that the Government were negotiating with anybody to fill an appointment UDder tbe BiIL He gave the Uovernmrnt credit for absolute tcr.a i'nies in the matter, and did not believe that arty officers would be appointed until their salaries bad been voted by Parliament He would support tbe Bill. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. MorganX referring to what had been said by the Hon. Mr. Fiilicr, would remark that, so far as he knew, no comciunication bad taken place with any gentle man in tegard to filling an appointment under tbe Bill. Jt was clear that some eighteen months must in ail probability elapse before the Bill could be received back fruin India and the Imperial Government, and, therefore, it was not likely that any cue would find it worth his while to wait such a long titce for what would be rather an uncertain appointment after all. 'ihe Him. K. C. BAKEB would move to strike out the second clause as a test vote. If the clause wire carried he would offer no factious opposition. but would endeavour to assist the Chief .Secretary in amtiiding the Bill. In his opinion the Bill was very unsuitable for this colony, though it might do very well in Mauritius, where they could efford an expensive machinery, in consequence ol the cultivation of their chief products being dependent upen the extensive importation of coolies. -4 The Hon. W. SANDOVEB also feared that the machir ety provided by the Bill would be very costly, aid thouabt no evil would result if the matter were d' laved for a session. The Bon Or. CAMPBELL still regarded the Bill as a very important measure, though at the last sitting -f the Council be had thought it necessary to point out some striking defects in it. From variouB quarters they had beard that English capitalists and others were prepared to invest money in tbe Territory, and the Bill would go a long way to remove tbe barriers which at present existed to the importation of the lab -ur necessary to cultivate tropical products successfully. It had been raid that the Government might appoint the rfh'cers before they were necessary, but from the ptatement of the Chief Secretary it did not appear that such a course was contemplated by the G-ivi rumen t. The motion that the clause be struck oat was then put, and declared negatived. The Hou. B. C. BAKtB called for a division, which resulted a» follows: Ates, 4 Hons. J. Crrrier. W. Sandover, H. Scott, and K. C. Beker (teller). NotS. 6— Hon*. A. Can-phell, J. Fisher. A. Hay, J. t'earce, P. Sauto, acd the Chief Secretary (teller). Majority of 2 for the Nbex. Clauses 3 to 5 were passed without amendment Clause H. feBouneration of emigration agents. Ihe Hen. J. IMjtHKK thought that as this clause stated that the remuneration given to immigration agents should be in the shape of a fixed annual salary it would somewhat tie tbe bands of the Government A capitation fee would be prefe rable. 'J he Hon. Dr. CAMPBELL had read the Indian Act, and tound that the clau e under discussion was a reproduction of tbe fifth clause in the Indian Act. £o doubt that clause was the result of tbe experience of the Iudian Government in regard to granting capitation fees, and if tbe clause were stiurk ont it might endanger the assent of the Viceroy in Ounnl. 3 he Hon. U. SCOTT did not see why tbe clause bh- ulti noi be omitted altogether. a he ( HltF SECKtTAKY (Hon. W. Morgan) said that its object was no doubt that the emigra tion avrnt M.oulii not he tempted to send out an unnecessary number or an unsuitable class of te«-ple. The Hon. J. PEARCE resarded the capitation sjnem a»\er- injurious. He thought the clause La-1 better stand as it was. 1 lie claufe wss then carried. The Rco. H. SPOTT moved to insert, to follow clause ti, 'No officers shall be appointed under tt-i« Act until their salaries shall hare b.en voted by Parliament.' CoTied. Clause '? Emigration oVof ts. lne Hon. Dr. CAXiPriELL naid thV. this claase, tepi ther with cUnte ~ and part of cUtue 8, Wrra unnrcesoary, because their contents were a-ready ert.ru -died in the Indian Act Ihe Hon. J. K1SHKK said that the hon. mem ber had already obj-cted to clause 6 being struck out because it was contained in the Indian Ac», aid yet now he seemed to want to strike out certain clauses for the very same reason that he desired to retain clause H. TheCHIKF SECBETARY (Hon. W. Morgan) said the clauses were carefully taken from other Acts on the same subject in operation in other plsres, and their retention could do no harm even if thty riid no good. The Hon. A. HAY eaid it was very important that we should have some such officers in India as were provided in clauses 7 and S, who should be responsible to tbe South Australian Government for lbs health and suitability of the coolies sent f n m India to the Territory. The Hon. Dr. CAMPBELL said that in order to diecuss tbe Bill intelligently one must read the Indian Act. By that Act tke only point of contact between ikmth Australia and tbe Indian Government about the coolies would be the t migration agent Tbe Bon. JR. C. BAKER moved to strike out all lbe words after ' licence' acd insert ' pursuant to tbe laws and regulations enacted and prescribed by tbe Indian Government regulating the emigration of Indian labourers.' Canied. ? On tbe motion of the CHIEF SECBETARY (Hon. IV. Morgan), the Council resumed, prozrea w»s reported, and leave given to the Committee to sit again next day. ADJOURNMENT. On tbe motion of the CHIEF SECBETARY -J3on. W. Morgan), the Council adjourned at 5.12 p.m- till the next day at 2 o'clock. 