FIRE IDf THE GRAMPIANS. (From tbe Ararat Admrtutr ) Oee of ths most disastrous that we hire been called upon to record has just transpired in this distroL For some daya past serious bush-fires have been raging in the Grampian ranges to the south-west, a heavy cloud of smokB enveloping the town, but till Monday the damage done was unknown. It now appemi that the fire has been most destructive, completely devastating a large area of country, and sweeping away houseu, fenoas, and btock. A gentleman who resides near the locality where the fireraged informs as that the soene was most terrible, aud Hat tbetotaldamagedone would Indeed be difficult to assess. Strenuous efforts were mads by bodies of men to stiv the progress of the flames; but in those places wbeitf was long, the heat was too intense to permit g it, and the fire travelled so ranidlr tbu horseback escaped with difficulty." The to Is supposed to have originated on Mr John Bobsrtso»s run,-where for days the scrub was burning, bo: Mr Patnok Bute was the first to snffer a severe loss, SfS 1 ,WM! »s, and house being entirely cocsomed. From here tbe fire spread to Messrs Wariell» property, and their grass, tancee, and woolshsd were lost, whilst their house waa only caved wiu mat difficulty and by the assistance of the neighbors. Thence the fire spread to Mr J Maclean's farm, and hese twelve miles of fencing and about 1800 acres o! grass were destroyed. Bewick lost Us grass and lencas, and only managed to save hia hut. Ua;es' paddock was next token—his glass, fences, and ihj whole of hia sheep, numbering 150, being destroyed. A selector named Lynchbad hia fences oonsumed, bit, fortunately (or him, his paddocks ware very bare, led he managed to save his theep. From MrMicIesn's fUM the fire extended, to the north, Mr Bobson'i •election and homestead* aad all that it contained,. b«ng destroyed; and Beaton's house, furniture, inl fenoas followed. • Mr Oaehmore was the next to suffer- He had lately taken poasessfcm of his new home, the cm-enters having only jpst left, and on the approich of danger, etrenuona effotta were mideto site tbe It waa considered at one time thit their e«OT*a would prove, ewooesaful, but the trees were ignited all round, and bile of burning bark aud I->«s were showered upon,the bouse, and, although it possessed an iron roof,. H waa observed to be on Srs inside, and soon notfamg waa lelt standing. POB^ U'Arthur had a oonajferable portion of his grass mi fences burned,and Mr A.M>DougaU,and tw selector aimed Bowley lost their all, so bras grata and fences, are ooocemed, whflat George heild saved only hi" house. Messra Boiket and William Spiers bid «- portion of thdr fano* takes, and Mr Mason's btn* was saved with diOonlqr by tbe timely,aseifUnM ol *he manager andihanda from Mount W-Uiam i-tiri 011 - Mr John Bowe'e faaeea and grass are entirely go» ana of bis recent aaptovements only the houss m 1 wool died are lei Oo Monday the fire <ms still boningat the mountain, paddock at Mount William Etttta Several of the timers turned lost sheep, di»JA haggiee, and tUeir iarm implemenu. In some m- stanoss this uveas ruin. Ihe ecsae of the catutrophe is dswM aa one of atter devastation. For miles actau the plains there a not as mucins-' fly to be saeo alne—nothing but the blsdsw ground anArwDei homesteads, with here and.thsn patches oi. aheap burned almoaic beyond recogtia™- In other plknee where the ebsali had packed cl» together^^cd tke Ore bed run under them, ths- bu" were soa&oefy; scorched, whila, underaeith tbsj««» eo Ceirtillj Vaned that their bewela were protrnoijS- It is aliased bat the scrub waa fired InteotioMHl; and it ttt proves to be tn% such an act too condemned, aid ilis to be bopfit^P*" petnanwfilereedily bebraaght to justice. 