THE MONTH. The principal event of the month has been the laying the foundation stone of the building of the Melbourne International Exhibition, by His Excellency Sir G. Bowen. This interesting ceremonial took place on the 19th inst. , in the presence of some 15,000 spectators, of whom 2000 were ladies. The building is of great ex tent, is capable of accommodating 25,000 persons, will hold the exports of all nations, is a model of architectural beauty, and will cost with its surroundings from £80,000 to £100,000. It is evident that nothing paltry could have been allowed to enter into the minds of the Govern ment in the promotion of this great national undertaking, and the cost of the building great as it is, will be cheerfully borne by the Victorian public in the expectation that the Exhibition will be opened in 1880 by H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, with an eclat not far inferior to that which distinguished the opening of the first grand Exhibition by the Queen and Prince Albert in 1851. It is not certain that the Exhibition will pay in a direct way the great outlay incurred for its establishment, but if not, it will do so indirectly, by attracting thousands of the people of Europe and America to these shores, who will spend large sums of money in the colony, stimulate trade to a great extent, instruct the artisans and tradesmen of Victoria in the most approved styles of modern art, and probably many of them will become permanent residents, conferring on the colony all the ad vantages flowing from intelligence, capital, manufacturing superiority, and artistic skill. The laying the foundation stone of the Exhibi tion building was the last official act of Sir G. Bowen, who in his parting address referred eloquently to the numerous examples of colonial prosperity he had witnessed during his six years' residence, and said in his new abode at the Mauritius he would retain fond recollections of the kind treatment he had experienced from the Victorian people. He leaves the colony in a few days, and is succeeded by the Marquis of Normanby as Governor of Victoria. After the ceremonial of the foundation stone, Mr W. J. Clarke, Chief Commissioner of the Exhibition, entertained a large party of 500 at the Mel bourne Town Hall, at which His Excellency de livered an address concurring with all the speakers present that the event of the day inaugu rated a now era in the history of the colony. To day the ladies of Melbourne present Lady Bowen with a present of a tiara of brilliants valued at £400, which for chasteness of design and beauty of execution it would not be easy to surpass. On the departure of His Excellency, Lady Bowen and family, in a few hours hence, they will be accompanied from Government House to the railway station by all the trades and public bodies of Melbourne, and escorted by all the available civil and military force. During the progress of the steamer down the bay the members of the Government and a large number of the public men of the colony will follow in the Victorian steamer, and before the Viceregal party pass through the Heads, give a parting cheer to a Governor who under circumstances of unprecedented difficulty has weathered the political storm and retired to a safe heaven of comfort and repose. The death of Mr J. T. Smith, an old and valued colonist of thirty years standing, having caused a vacancy in the seat for West Bourke in the Assembly, an unusual degree of excitement has followed the attempts of several candidates to gain the seat. Messrs W. Gaunson, Ramsay, and Har per came forward in the conservative interest, whilst Mr Deakin represented the liberal party. Messrs Gaunson and Ramsay having retired, the contest was between Messrs Deakin and Harper, the result of which was that 1385 elec tors voted for the former and 1194 for the latter, thus rendering the liberal party victorious, and greatly strengthening the hands of the Ministry at a time which all admit to be one of the most critical in their career. The death of Mr M. L. King, another old colonist of great repute and a staunch supporter of the Ministry, has rendered vacant the seat for Footscray, for which several candidates have al ready presented themselves. It is not a little humiliating to any colonial journalist to be com pelled to admit that the most sensational topic of tho day is the last exploit of the Kelly gang. About the 30th October last they commenced their outrages by shooting Constables Kennedy, Lonigan, and Scanlan, who were sent to arrest them. On or about tho 10th December the gang issued from their hiding place in the Strathbogie Ranges, in the north-eastern district, and robbed the National Bank at Euroa of £1000. This was accomplished in the open daylight, and the robbers effected a safe retreat to their mountain fastnesses. It is computed that no fewer than 200 policemen, most of them picked men, have surrounded the supposed retreat of the robbers and murderers, at a cost to the Gov ernment of at least £1000 per week. On the 8th February the Kelly gang crossed the Murray into New South Wales, and took possession of the town of Jerilderie, containing about 200 inhabitants, and situated about 50 miles north of the boundary. They first stuck up the two police constables in charge. They next robbed the Bank of New South Wales of £2000. They then destroyed the telegraph wires, so that in formation of the outrage could not be conveyed to the authorities. Having inspired terror in the community by threatening to shoot several persons who were disposed to thwart their designs, they re-crossed the Murray in the even ing, and it is supposed are snugly ensconsed in their impenetrable retreat. The united rewards now offered by the Governments of Victoria and New South Wales for the arrest of the four brigands, amount to £8000, which it is hoped will load to some of their numerous sympathisers and confederates giving the police such informa tion as shall cause them to be rooted out of the place of their concealment. During the month bush fires have been very provalent. At Colac a family of seven persons perished from inability to escape the flames that surrounded them, whilst in all parts of the colony a large amount of damage has been sustained by farmers and graziers. During the past week cooling rains have set in from all points of the compass, which it is hoped will not only render bush fires impossible, but refresh the parched earth so as to enable cultivators to continue their customary operations. All the colonies are tak ing steps to put a stop to the wholesale influx of Chinese, which threatens in time to drive white labour out of the market. The solution of the border customs difficulty appears to be at hand. The Commissioner of Customs has just returned from Sydney, and reported that his proposals for an adjustment of existing difficulties is likely to receive favourable attention from the Now South Wales Government. The Minister of Education has announced that technical in struction is to form a part of the course in the State schools, and that savings banks will be formed in which the school children will be in vited to deposit their earnings or their pocket money, in order to encourage habits of economy and frugality. The last scene of the Hender son Africanus Embassy farce has been played out, that much deluded person having sent to the Governor to forward to Sir Michael Hicks- Beach the commission he received from his patrons, and a statement giving the names of the prime movers in the undertaking, and pub lishing the motives actuating those who made a fool of him. The failure of the expedition to Now Guinoa, which Btarted in August last, has discouraged adventurers from making similar attempts. The explorers were attacked by fever, from which four out of the seventeen died. A barque named the Sir Lancelot con veyed the survivors to Yokohama, where they were kindly treated. About £1000 has been subscribed for the relief of the sufferers by the failure of the City of Glasgow Bank. Miss Ada Kirkham whilst leaving her dressing room at the Academy of Music, went too near a gas jet, by which her gauze skirts took fire, and caused such injuries as resulted in her death. Martin Wiberg, the supposed robber of gold from the mail steamer, has not yet been re taken. The death of a young widow named Collins, at Fitzroy, under suspicious circum stances led to the body being exhumed and an inquest hold. The jury returned a verdict which necessitates a further inquiry by the authorities, which is now reported to be going on. Mr George Higinbotham has refused to accept the appointment as a judge to the Supreme Court. Mining during the month has been a little more lively than usual. Sluicing parties are very active, and five millions of gallons of water are daily sent down the channel, the Mlalmsbury Reservoir discharging ten million gallons daily. Mr Daly is said to be commencing operations in the Wattle Gully reefs, and intends to employ drills driven by steam, which are expected to prove a greater success than the diamond drill. At the Cumberland, a shaft is being sunk to re cover the rods of the diamond drill, and of test ing such discoveries as may be made during the course of sinking. At Burn's Reef, the reef is broading as it becomes deeper. The Melrose Co. are sinking a new shaft. The Renaissance Co. are removing machinery from the Chewton United, and erecting additional. The Fryers Co. tributers had a favourable crushing. The Black Hawk tributers have been satisfied with results. At the Malmsbury Confluence, wash- dirt has been found payable over a gutter 137 feet wide. The United Kingdom Co. obtained 47oz 10dwt from 275 tons of stone, and made a dividend of L10 10s per share. The discovery of gold in the claim of the Fryers Co. , has greatly increased the expectations of the shareholders. The Burdett Coutts Co. are greatly encouraged. The returns of the New Era — 98oz 3dwt, and of the Tribute Co. — 26oz 19dwt, are both payable, and in both claims the share is abundant. The Melrose Co. are sinking a shaft 150 feet, which is expected to reach the part where gold will be quickly found. At Fryer's Creek, Mr Mills in tends to sink a shaft at the south-side of the range, bordering Commissioner's Flat. A party sanguine of success, has taken up a claim on the Town Reef, which they worked twenty years ago. The report of the Johnston Hill Lead Co. , show a clear profit for twelve weeks, of L3479. The manager of the Fryers Co. thinks so well of the recent discovery, that he recommends the strike being sought for at lower levels. The Tributers had 13oz 5dwt from 52 tons easily got. Some rich specimens have been taken out of a leader in the Burdett Coutts. In the Wattle Gully Co., at the 270 feet level, a reef was struck nine feet wide of an auriferous character, after driving through sandstone. Prospectors are eagerly on the search for gold in the old quartz south of Rowe's lease. United returns from Chewton are : — Argus United Co., 3Coz 3dwt : Nimrod, 20oz ; other crushings, 80oz ; Alluvial sluicers, 20oz ; Puddlers, 20oz. The United Tributers, Taradale, got 33oz 12dwt from 220 tons of stone, and made a dividend of L1 12s per sharo. Tho Malmsbury Confluence got 19oz 11dwt from three machines. The batteries of the New Era Co., were not going the full time during the last fortnight, the returns have consequently diminished to 97oz 10dwt, and for the Tribute Co., 20 oz 14dwt. The stone is unaltered in appearance. Jergensen and party, for the Renaissance Co., are pushing on expeditiously in the removal of the plant of the Chewton United to the site where it is to be erected. At the Fryers Co. gold is seen every day in the stone that is broken at the 100 feet level, and during the last ten days a dish of specimens was collected worth from L10 to L12. The reef widens as it goes south, and carries gold. When the Renaissance Co. get the plant supplied, there will be a long stretch of country undergoing trial, with large intervening spaces that will admit of a vast amount of labour being employed so soon as enterprise set it in motion. The Nuggetty Co. keep continuously at work, pumping and crushing heapes of stones that leaves a good profit. At Chewton last week, the Argus Flat Co. had 34oz. Last week the Malmsbury Confluence obtained 21oz 6dwt of gold. During the month, the half- yearly meet ing of shareholders in the Black Hawk Co. took place, Messrs E. Langton, S. H. Clark, J. Rowe, H. O. Rowe, and E. Rowe were chosen direc tors, and Messrs Clark and Bickley, auditors. The mining manager reported favourably of the operations and prospects of the company. Gold had been seen in all the small leaders sunk through, also in driving the crosscut. From five tons of stone saved, they had obtained 8oz 3dwt retorted gold. There was stone to the cast of the present workings, and the manager said : " I have never seen gold- bearing leaders such as those, unless leading to, or coming from, a large block of stone, and as there is a large quantity of mixed ground in this direction, which invariably proves gold-bearing country, I think the con sideration of this part of your mine deserves your attention. The eastern or bottom stopes north of No. 3 shaft, were taken by Gill and party. Eighty-three tons crushed by them yielded 14oz 12dwt of gold, and the last one hundred and fourteen tons, cleaned up on the 22nd of this month, gave 24oz 15dwt of gold, or an average of a little over 4dwt 8gr per ton ; al though this is not large, yet it is fair consider ing the large block of stone from which it was taken, and is a considerable increase on the first crushing. The stone will average over six feet thick ; in some places it is a little broken and mixed with slate and sandstone ; in other places it far exceeds the size I have mentioned, and is from 8 to 9 foot thick solid stone. And I believe had the level at the 210 feet in No. 3 shaft been driven to tho north boundary, it would open up a large quantity of payable stone, as it could be much easier worked from there back to the shaft, than it can be at present in conse quence of not having to keep the ground open after the stone is taken out. We have crushed 65 tons of stone for the public at six shillings per ton." At the half-yearly meeting of share holders in the Burdett Coutts Q. M. Co. Mr James Rowe in the chair, the report stated that quartz was now being raised from which a good yield would be obtained, as gold can be freely seen in the stone. Another promising body of quartz was met with, which ought to be of value. The receipts are L179 2s 6d, and the expendi ture L151 12s 11d ; balance in banks, L27 8s 9d ; Assets, L9313 ; uncalled capital, L10,583 ; un paid calls, L75 19s ; Liabilities, L11. The fol lowing gentlemen were duly elected directors for the ensuing six months : — Messrs W. J. Creig, H. H. Budd, and F. D. White, Melbourne ; and Messrs J. Rowe, E. W. H. Rowe, T. Cocks, and S. H. Hazlett for Fryerstown. Messrs F. Barry and Otto Bottiger were elected auditors. The reef struck in the Fryers Co., is widening out and looks permanent. Some of the specimens contain from 2oz to 3oz of solid gold. The tri buters of the English Australian Co. , of Golden Gully, Fryers, have cleaned up from a crushing of 200 tons stone, which yielded 81oz 14dwt, a result which is satisfactory to both them and the company. The mine promises further yields. — The successful tenderer for sinking the dia mond drill shaft, was Mr Hattam, at 20s 6d per foot for sinking and timbering, together with cutting the chamber, a total cost of £116 10s. The Government bears half the cost. At a recent meeting of the Mount Alexander and Upper Loddon Agricultural Society, the balance sheet stated that the receipts were £433 7s 7d, the expenditure £447 10s 6d, the amount due to the bank £140 2s 3d. The chairman re marked the receipts have been sufficient to claim the Government subsidy, which will be about £175. The following gentlemen were elected as the committee : — Messrs Campbell, Taylor, Cor bett, Fisher, John Myring, and Cooper. For secretary, Mr Pritchard was appointed. Mr Corbett was elected vice-president. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr Halford, who acted as president last year.— Mr Stepens, of Tarilta, who recently died at the Hospital, lost her life through what would at first seem a most trivial cause— the running of a splinter under a finger nail— this caused blood-poisoning, which resulted in agony and death, — An unusual sight, in the shape of a white sparrow, is to be seen in one of the numerous clouds of those birds about Strath- loddon. In the sunshine it has a polished, glistening appearance, and is at home with its sober-coloured mates. — A meeting of the mem- bers of the Newstead Jockey Club was held, at Lamb's Newstead Hotel. Mr E. Russell was appointed chairman ; after explaining what the meeting was called for, viz. , the appointment of stewards and other officers, &c.; , the following gentlemen were appointed : — Messrs Jas. Hol den, Jno. Treacy, Jos. Lamb, E. Russell, Jno. Farquharson, J. C. House, R. Marks, J. Shee han, W. T. Cox, L. Kirwan, M. Sullivan, W. H. Mulholland, Jas. Dunstan, R. Rowe, C. Schul, and McKay. E. Slee, Esq., J.P., was re-elected president ; Messrs T. F. Ryan, T. J. Ryan, and H. P. Webb were re-elected pre sident, treasurer, secretary, and clerk of the course respectively. — A fatal accident happened at Strangways, to a miner named Robert Nisbet, who was killed through a drive falling in upon him. He was a member of the Caledonia Lodge, and his remains were followed by the brethren at Guildford, to the cemetery. He has left a widow and family to mourn over him. — An em ploye of Messrs Fitzgerald and Newman, named John Field, whilst on his way from Newstead to Castlemaine, met with an untimely end. In endeavoring to regain the reins, which had drop ped from his hand, he fell forward between the horses and the shafts, and it is supposed one of the wheels must have passed over his body, causing instantaneous death. — At the annual meeting of subscribers to the Mechanics Insti tute, the following officers were re-elected : — Messrs G. C. Leech, president ; J. Robertson, vice-president ; N. Edwards treasurer ; E. Fin lason, secretary. The following gentlemen were elected on the committee : — Messrs Holmes, McGibbon, Mitchell, T. Ross, Campbell, Thom son, and Shaw. — At the annual meeting of the Christ Church congregation, the following officers were elected for the ensuing year. As church wardens, Mr W. C. Halford will represent the Archdeacon, Mr Thorburn the trustees, and Mr A. Bristow the congregation. The vestrymen are Messrs Young, T. Bristow, Perkin, Ozanne, Holmes, Partridge, Gibson, and summer. The auditors are Messrs Hyland and Courtney.— The annual meeting of members of the Castle maine district of the G.U.O.O.F. held at the Imperial Hotel, at which delegates attended from various bodies. District Brother Stephens occupied the chair. The report of the officers, which was read, showed that the order had made a considerable increase of members last year, al though the population of the district was either stationary or had been on the decrease. The funds were in a flourishing condition. Elections for the ensuing year resulted as follows : — Dis trict Master, Bro. Henry Boyle ; Deputy Dis trict Master, Bro. Williams ; Treasurer, Bro. Skews ; Secretary, Bro. Tolstrup. — The Nug getty Company had a cleaning up from 257 tons of mullock, which gave a return of 27oz 7dwt, which, being an average of more than 2dwt a ton, pays well, as the mullock does not cost 1dwt a ton for carting and crushing. — The house of Mr Jolly, charcoal burner, at Elphinstone, was totally destroyed by fire, also the property of Mr Symington in the same locality, his farm being completely destroyed. — Castlemaine was surrounded by smoke from bush-fires on the 31st ult. , that remained so dense till the afternoon that, it intercepted the rays of the sun, and thus kept the temperature lower than it would other wise have been. It was three o'clock before the sun shone out in fiery fierceness. At half-past three the thermometer at Mr Farroll's stood at 99deg. in the shade. A bush-fire, which burnt up the grass on Mr Muirhead's paddocks at Chinaman's Creek, and which endangered a lot of cattle, is said to have originated through a woman lighting a fire near the crook in order that she might wash clothes. There was also a bush- fire at White Gum, a place situated between Chinaman's and Barker's Creek. At Moffatt's Station, Ravenswood, the damage had been very great, a flock of sheep was nearly roasted ; it was at one critical time surrounded on every side by the flames, but it happily escaped death by fire. Another example of the danger of lighting fires near their houses was given, when Mr Shannon, of Clydesdale, nearly lost his house. It appears that his wife kindled a fire outside for the pur pose of washing, and having left it while she went to see a neighbour, the blaze increased and caught the garden fence, which was soon in a flame, and would have, consumed the whole, but for the assistance of Mr Yourn, who called on his sons, and with a plentiful supply of water, saved the dwelling-house, but the outhouses were burnt. The premises of Mr Sorenson, at Specimen Hill, have been burnt, but they were partly insured. — At the annual meeting of the 1st Castlemaine Rifle Corps, the following were elected a com mittee for the ensuing twelve months : — Staff- Sergeant Cook, Sergeants Ross, Green, Wray, Partridge, Drum- Major Hupfelt, Corporal Rose, Privato Allen, Raymond, Elsbury, Reeve, and Bastow, and Private Thomas, secretary, —The appointment of Mr Leech, Barrister, to be County Court Judge, during the absence of Judge Bindon, through illness, has given general satisfaction. Mr Leech is a barrister of twenty years standing, and possesses all the legal and moral qualifications required to constitute a com plete judge. He has entered on his judicial duties, and from the reports in the district papers we are warranted in assuring that he is no unworthy 'locum tonens' of the gentleman, and whose office he temporarily fills. — At the half- yearly meeting of the Castlemaine Woollen Co., Mr Edwards in the chair, it was stated that the quantity of goods manufactured has been 82,883 yards of flannel, and 40 pair of blankets. The sales have been £4179 14s. The half-yearly profit was £895 10s 7d. This with the former balance of £932 6s 9d, wa3 left to the sharehold ers, to determine how it should be appropriated. — Barker's Creek has not been so dry for many years as it has been this summer, owing to the small quantity of water that has been allowed to escape from the reservoir at Harcourt. A good many of the residents along the creek have been complaining of this, and Mr Rowe brought the matter under the notice of the Mining Board at the last meeting, when it was resolved that the Minister of Mines be requested to let more water down the creek. In accordance with that resolution the clerk of the board wrote, and re ceived a reply from the Secretary of Mines, stating that a little more water will be let down the creek during the hot weather, but that con cession must not be regarded by the inhabitants as an admission that they have a right to the water so supplied. — A battalion parade was held at Kyneton on February 5th, under the com mand of Lieut. -Colonel Bull. There were pre sent from Sandhurst 41, Castlemaine 46, Maldon 32, Malmsbury 21, Kyneton 31; total 178. — The Rev. Mr Heathershaw has been appointed to the Castlemaine district, for another year, by the Primitive Methodist Church, in compliance with the wish expressed by the Castlemaine congregation. — An accident happened at the Harcourt Railway Station, caused by the run ning of the Sandhurst goods train into the Mel bourne goods train, whilst engaged in shunting. The station-master and other employes have been dismissed. — A sad accident happened to Miss Torrens, at Harcourt. Whilst she was cooking the dinner, her dress, which was of light muslin, caught fire. She screamed for assistance, and her mother at once ran to her, pulling the clothes from the girl. In so doing she received some nasty burns on her hands and neck, which she got through her endeavours to save her child's life. The escape from death by burning of both mother and daughter was most miraculous. Miss Torrens is out of danger. — Mr Thorburn offered for sale at the Cumber land Hotel several valuable freehold properties belonging to Mr Uphill, of London. There was a good attendance of probable buyers for the lot, but the estimate they had formed of the value of the properties not coming up to the reserve put on them there were but two lots disposed of. The one was the shop in Barker-street, which was purchased by Mr Woodfield for L200 ; the other consisted of twelve acres of land at Wattle Flat, occupied by Mr Blunt, for which Mr Muir head became the purchaser at L111. — The an nual tea and public meeting was held at Sutton Grange, in connection with the anniversary of the Congregational Church. A large number of people from Castlemaine, Chewton, and the sur rounding district were present, and joined heartily in the amusements usually associated with such festivities. About 200 persons sat down to a sumptuous tea, gratuitously provided by the ladies and bachelors of the congregation. The public meeting which followed was presided over by the Rev. G. Falkingham, who also read the secretary's report, showing the church to be in every respect prosperous. Addresses were ably delivered by the Rev. J. H. Mitchell, C. Pickering, and W. Allen. — Notwithstanding the drought of the past three months, Mr Marriott, of Campbell's Creek, has despatched a large quan tity of fruit, not only to Melbourne, but to New Zealand. — Mr Bythell brought home recently a golden perch, weighing 6lb, which he caught in a water-hole on the Muckleford Creek, near to the Newstead Cemetery. A devotee of fishing declares that when throwing out his line for black fish about the same locality, he thrice had a bite from a cod, but which from its weight, each time broke his line and escaped, to give amusement to future sportsmen.— The ratable property in the Shire of Newstead is valued at £17,923, upon which the rate of 1s was struck, at the last meeting of the Council. — While a man named Smith was trying his hand at driving a waggon load of firewood at Campbell's Creek, he turned sharply round a corner, and was thrown to the ground. A wheel passed over his leg and broke it. — The half-yearly meeting of the Castlemaine Gas Company, at which Mr Burnett presided, was held and the report showed a clear profit for the half year of L424 18s 11d, and that the business bore favourable comparison with previous half years. A divi dend of 6 per cent, was recommended. — At the anniversary of the Presbyterian Church, the Rev. Mr Lewers preached to large congrega tions. At the tea meeting the tables were sup plied by Mesdames McCay, Watson, McInness, Thompson, Borland, Cranston, Wilson, Brock, and Miss Thompson. Mr Kennedy, of Mel bourne, sang with great spirit, and Dr Gilchrist delivered a highly instructive lecture on the life of Sir Walter Scott. — At the Newstead sports Mr E. Slee acted as judge, with Messrs Sheehan, Steele and Ryan as handicappers, and Mr J. C. House as starter. The event of the day was the race between Belle Brandon and Larrikin, the latter winning. — The ratable property for Castle maine for the current year is L33,928 10s, on which a 1s rate has been struck. There was a moderate supply of stock brought in for sale at the last monthly fair. Both sheep and cattle realised good prices. — Dr Malcolm has been elected medical officer for the Benevolent Asylum. There are 89 inmates in the house. — At the Police Court, on the 14th inst. , William Campbell was charged with embezzling L3600, the property of W. McCulloch and Co. Mr Merrifield appeared for the prosecutors, and Mr Smyth for the defendant. Evidence was taken to prove that the defendant admitted the charge, and several tradesmen proved that they had paid the defendant large sums of money, with which he had not credited the firm. The case was re manded, defendant being allowed bail, Messrs Trevascus, Goldsmith and himself, in L1000 each. — Dr Hutchison was on the 15th sworn in a justice of the peace. — The remains of the young man Silas Ellery were conveyed to the cemetery on Sunday last. He had only been ailing a few days, and leaves a wife and child to mourn his loss. — Amongst the deaths of the month we regret to place that of Captain Simp son, a resident of Campbell's Creek. A resident of Camphell's Creek from the commencement of the diggings, he was known in the early days as a tentmaker, a man of an active mind, with a penchant for mechanical inventions. He was understood to have suggested contrivances for saving life at sea, but this did not appear to at tract the attention of the public. The deceased was a fine robust man in his early days, and was wont to attribute his vigorous constitution to a seafaring life. He was between 70 and 80 years of age, and fell off in strength greatly during the hot weather of the last month. — Magisterial in quiries have been held as follows : By Mr Pearce, on the body of W. J. Isles, who shot himself in Hunter-street, whilst in an unsound state of mind. According to the evidence he had been in a desponding state of mind for some time, in consequence of having broken his arm. At the Upper Loddon hotel, by Mr Taylor, P.M. , on the body of a farm laborer, named Richard Bourke, who who was found lying dead in the road near Glenlyon. It was proved that he died from apoplexy, from exposure to tho sun. At the hospital, by Mr Pearce, on the body of Robert Eds, who according to the evidence died of apoplexy, brought on by exposure to the ex treme heat. Numerous cases of sunstroke have occurred during the month. 