THE Insurance and Banking Record for the current month has made its appearance; and, by all those persons who take an interest in the financial condition of the colony, its contents will certainly be regarded with considerable disappointment. The preceding number of this periodical, it will be remembered, gave amost doleful view of the valne of .bank, shares. It pointed out that the confidence of investors in this description of Btock had been severely shaken Juring the last year; as. illustrated by the fact that in the case of four of the Victorian banks, the falling-off in the valne of the shares exceeded half a million sterling. The condact of the BraRY Ministry was alleged to have had something to do with this decline, although it is dne to the Record to say that it did not aver that Mr BERRY and his colleagues were solely responsible for the depreciation. It admitted that other causes had been in operation to produce this end. Bnt at the same time it laid so much stress upon the words and actions of Mr BERBY and his colleagues that the conclusion was Irresistible that in the opinion of the Record public confidence in bask shares had been greatly lowered by the policy of the Government, and that nothing bnt a change of Mima try, or a modification of the policy of the present Government, could restore matters in this respect to a sonnd and promising condition. Seasonably enough, we were much surprised to find that the Record confined its figures and dedactionB to four of the banks. If, we thought, an alarm of this kind was worth raising at all, then the subject should he treated as a while. A complete list of the Victorian banks should be made ont, showing what changes in valne had occurred in each case; and then the public would be able to see whether the decline in the value of bank stock was general, or only partial. Accordingly, we turned np the number of the Record lor January, 1878, and found, by comparing the two January numbers, that the Record had not been altogether fair in its treatment of the subject. We found that although shares in the four banks, used by the Record for its purpose, had certainly suffered the depreciation alleged, the fallingoff did not extend to the .stocks of several other banking institutions in Victoria. The Australian and European shares, torezample, were as high within 6d in January, 1879, as they were in 1878; and the Land Mortgage Bank shares and Melbourne Bank Corloration shares occupied a similarly satisfactory position. Finding,-then, all this to be the case, we took the Record to tad: forthwith; and we put the matter so clearly before the public that eveiy person could see that the Record bad done anything bnt even-handed justice to the community by the manner in which it had dealt with this question.. Now, nearly a month has elapsed since our article was published; and therefore the Record has had plenty of time to reply. Moreover, the same facts werei subsequently published in the Age*—BO that the Record cannot plead the excuse that what we originally 'painted out had not come under its : nq&». Ic must have~ seen all those facts and figures more than a fortnight ago; and therefore it had ample -time to -prepare.a reply before the last number was issued.' Yet what Is the fact ? Why, that there is not a single word in the last number of the Record with reference'to the contradiction in its own columns which we pointed out. The Record is as silent as the grave npon this branch of the topic; although, as a matter of fact, it is the most important element in the whole subject For it must be obvious to every person who can think for a moment, that if eur political condition had anything to do with the rise and fall of bank stock, it would affect one banking institution pro rata with another. There would be nothing partial In a disturbance of this kind. The stocks of all the banks would come down or go np as the case might be; and not a single one of them would escape from the fluctuation. Nevertheless, the Record has not one word to say in its February issue about the important discrepancy winch we pointed out in itB own columns; and thus, by practically admitting the truth of our remarks, it lays itself very fairly open to the charge of trifling with an important question, seriously affecting the stability and welfare of the finances of the colony, simply to effect a political purpose. The fact is, as we pointed out on the 13th of last month, there were other and far more potent causes for the fall which had occurred in the value of the shares in the four banks mentioned by the Record; and those causes have been made public since. Bat the Record carefully abstained from touching upon any one of them; and thus, although' it succeeded in causing a great deal of unnecessary alarm, which has fortunately been allayed since, and gave the Conservative papers a new text for assailing the Government, 4t certainly did the Ministry a great wrong, and the community, as a whole, a very grave injustice. It onght to have reviewed the snbject as a whole, or let it alone altogether. ThiB would have been the proper mode for a paper which professes to be without politics to take op a subject of this delicate kind; and it certainly does not redound to the credit of the Record that it adopted a different course of treatment. Dealt with in a proper manner, there was really nothing of a political character about the decline which had occurred in the value of the shares of the four banks named. This is clearly shown, we repeat, by the fact that other bank shares remained firm at the quotations of more than twelve months ago; although,if politics had anything to do with the decline which occurred in the former case, then the latter must also have been prejudicially and similarly affected. The Record, therefore, did a wrong at the start; and it has simply intensified this wrong by not making the amende honorable in its last number. A paper cannot be too careful in dealing with the banks. This is proved by the fact that, when the Conservative journals began playing npon the text which the Record set them last month, there was very nearly a run setting in on the banks described. And it was only, as we have been assured by depositors, the statement made in The Courier, that there was nothing wrong with the four banks of issue specified, which prevented that run showing itself in a manner that might have been attended with very awkward results to those corporations. This incident shows how careful papers should be about assailing the banks without cause, and also the wisdom of all political prejudices being omitted from such discussions. The Record would do well to bear this fact in mind, because acting in the spirit it dictates, is more important than acquiring the goodwill of the Conservative press, or damaging the Liberal party. THE KELLYS have once more emerged from their lair; and the sticking-up of another bank is the first consequence of their re-appearance. This time New South Wales U the scene of the outrage. Jerilderie, a small township about eighty mile" from the border, has been dishonored by a visit from these rascals, who signalised themselves by shutting np two policemen in the local lock-np; running a number of the townspeople into the Royal hotel; cutting down, or superintending the cutting down, of a number of telegraph posts, thus destroying all communication with theneighboring settlements; stealing £2000 from the Bank of New South Wales, and frightening a number of voiy worthy people almost out of existence. This is the latest exploit of the KELLY gang; and it is certainly excessively romantic. One cannot help being struck with the ease and facility with which NED KELLY and his companions carry on their operations. They enter a town where there are aboot 300 inhabitants; where the presence of strangers would be immediately noticed; where the odds are fearfully against them; where men and not cowards are supposed to reside; where police protection is afforded; and as surely as the walls of Jericho fell down before the blast of the Israelites, so does this township, police and all, submit abjectly to the invaders. There is not the least resistance made. It is an unconditional surrender at once. Fonr young, ruffians do juBt as they please with both the lives and property which the town contains, and enjoy the same immunity from interference as thongh 'they numbered 500. Surely there is something very Btrange about all this. One distant from the scene would reasonably enough think that a township with about. 300 inhabitants would at least contain a few choice spirits who would stand out against the depredations of fonr young ruffians, with a high price set on their beads^ and make the most desperate efforts to effect their death or capture. A few shots fired from- behind a tree or through a window would settle the Kelly bneiaess at once, and bring honor and profit to the assailants. Bat no. Although the township of Jeriiderie must have been disturbed from end to end by the cutting down of the telegraph posts, and by gathering a few people in the Boy a! hotel, not a finger was raised against the murderers. They-were'allowed to do just as they liked while-they remained—even -to: plunge into a drunken revel; and when they had committed all the thefts they cared about, they wens suffered to depart unmolested.. Even the police declined to resist them. As cowed ' as the murderer goes to the gallows, the two local memberB of the force quietly submitted to be locked np by the KELLYS, and never made the least attempt to check their depredations. Verily, the whole affair is a positive reflection upon the manhood of Australia, and as unique as it is astounding. Setting aside, however, the contemptible light in which the people and police of Jeriiderie win be everywhere regarded for their pus3 tanimity, the question arises, how long is this sort of thing to last? Are these Kellys never to be ran to earth, or are they o descend npon &nother; township, either in New South Wales or Victoria, as soon as the fresh stock of captal they have just f obtained has beau-expaidBd f It is for the police authorities of both Victoria and New Spotb Wales'to answer &is; question, for It' manifestly their incompetency that has c brought this freeh insult cpon the Australian 1 s lt community. If' therascals remained-on the Victorian side from the time of the robbery of die bank at Euroa sntil they set m forth to attack Jeriiderie, then (bey ought to have been captured by the "Victorian police long since. It is absard to say w O g there was no getting at them in the Strathbogie Ranges. We venture to assert that these rascals have not been concealed all that time in an inaccessible part of those hills. They have been secreted in houses, probably under the very noses of the police, enjoying the results of their plunder. This is the moBt reasonable hypothesis, at all events, to form from the character of the men and their friends; and as there can be little doubt of its soundness, so, if they remained for any length of time in Victoria, there can be no excuse for their non-capture. On the other hand, if they have been for some time in New South Wales, how came the New South Wales police not to get hold of them before they conld stick np Jeriiderie ? After the Euroa bank was robbed, the general impression was that thegang would make for New South Wales; and the police on both pides of the Murray expected this. Uow was it, then, that they were not traced long ago, or captured as soon as they entered the open country, on the New South Wales side of the river? These are questions which arise in every man's mind; and there is no denying their force, because a large number of the New South Wales constabulary have been stationed along the Murray ever since the ManBfield murders were committed, and therefore they ought to have secured the ruffians, when they passed over the river into the open country, without much effort being required for the purpose. On whichever side of these questions one looks the result is the same. The officers of police have shown great incompetency all through the piece; and all the circumstances of the case go completely to show the perfect justice of this statement. ThiB sort of thing, however, cannot be tolerated for a continuance. It is simply insufferable that the inhabitants of some ISO miles of country should be kept in a constant state of terror by the non-arrest of these ruffians. It is almoBt as bad, also, that the people of this colony should be additionally taxed to the extent of £2000 a week, for this is really the case, by the immunity from arrest which these four murderers enjoy. The people of Victoria and New South Wales will not bear np against this Btupidity or cowardice much longer; and the sooner, therefore the officers of police on both sides of the Murray plunge into the Kelly business with a full determination to succeed, the better it will be for their continuance in the foroe, as also for their reputation. A determined spirit indeed on the part of the officers of police is alone wanted in this case to win; and it will be an everlaBting disgrace to the force on both sides of the Murray if this spirit should not come boldly to the front at this juncture. We leam by telegram from Colac that Ellen Turnbull, the only survivor of tbe ill-fated £amily in tbe late bush fire still continues in a very low conditioD. Her cheat tras literally roasted. No hope of her recoveiy is entertained. Standley is also very low. The rain has completely put out the bush-fires ia the district. The Port Darwin line is interrupted north of Alice Springs. The rainfall on Monday evening and Tuesday morning, as registered at the local survey office, amounted to three-fifths of an inch, and was the heaviest fall since October last. Yesterday the weather was cool and agreeable, and both animal and vegetable life appeared to have benefited by the welcome change born the previous excessive heat. Onr lower-down contemporary does not appear half its time to know what it is writing about. Yesterday, is assailing something that had appeared in this journal, it made the following ridiculous statements:—" Woollen mills were always cited as an example of a successful indnstrv established without protection. There vr&s; sot & duty on woollen goods when the earlier mills were successful." It is suffitieot to say, in reply to t-h'ff nonsense, that tbe only Victorian mill that showed a tendency to pay, years after a 10 per cent, duty was imposed on woollen piece goods, was the Victoria, at Geelong; and that, up to that time, the Aravs and its followers freely predicted its ruin, on the ground that it rnnld not stand acainst EntriU* competition. Tbe blunders committed by the free-tr&ds; papers are a perfect marvel. We regret to have to announce tbe death of Mr T. Hepburn, who has been ailing for some time from disorders arising from an enlargement of the liver and fatty heart, and who lately became rapidly worse, .and died yesterday. afternoon at the residence of Mr Kirby, where he was staying. Mr Hepburn was only twenty years of age when be died, and had he attained his majority he would have come into possession of property stated to be worth £60,000. . A Swede named Rels Carlson, a resident of .Talbot, was - admitted into the Hospital yesterday afternoon suffering from a severe flesh wound to one of his legs, sustained at Talbot the day pre. Tioua. Carlson was sitting on the shaft of a dray driving a restive horse attached to it, when the animal kicked out aud struck him on one leg, and the horse then bolting, Carlson fell so that tbe other leg became jammed between the wheel and body of the dray, and the fiesh was laid open from the knee almost to the ankle. A labors named P. Riley was also admitted to the institution yesterday. He was suffering from an injury to tbe hip sustained through his falling off a loaded dray be was driving at Bungaree. We understand that the Ballarat Club contemplate purchasing one of the building sites on the Camp reserve for the purpose of erecting a club-house thereon. The land will probably be offered for sale about two months hence. " Messrs Turpie and Macaw, J.P, presided at the Town Police Court yesterday, and sent Thomas Smith to gaol for-fourteen days for indecent behavior. William Sutton was fined 5s and 6s damages for breaking a window, the property of Patrick Byan, landlord of the Umerick Castle hotel, Bridge street. Some yean ago (writes our Napoleons correspondent), when the soil of Victoria was parched, n consequence of a prolonged drought, and when sheep and cattle were dying by thousands of starvation, a leading article appeared in The Courier, advocating that prayers for tain should be offered up in all the churches. Soon after this zUde was published, an article appeared in the Argvs, commencing thus:—"From a leading article in the columns of The Ballarat Courier there appears to be in that city a form of superstition as gross as that of the Indian rain-maker or of tiie savage who beats his tom-tom for the purpose of putting an end to an eclipse:" The Argus writer goes on to explain that "rains are the result of fixed natural laws." I notice in Tuesday morning's Courier that" prayers for rain were offered in all the Churches of England in the Ballarat diocese last Sunday." It ia strange (looking at it from an Argtu point of view) that copious rain fell all through the BaUarat district the next .evening after prayer was offered np by the reverend Anglicans. With reference to a paragraph in our issue of esterday, wherein it.waa mentioned that the reai.. dents "of Gregory and Howard streets complained f tlie nuisance arising from a elaughteryard in the ocality, we are requested by Mr Michdl, the proprietor, to state that the yards have been inpected by the officers of the Bungareeshire board f healthy who repotted them to be thoroughly dean and free from any offenaiveness." Mr Michdl also informs ns that his immediate neighbors have no fault whatever to find with the conduct of his business, and that there could have been no tench as stated, because there waa no animal illed in the yards for nearly a week previous to < ast Saturday. Dr Laidmann, one of the old identities of Maryorough, (fied at Melbourne on Sunday night last, and was buried at Maryborough on tbe following day. The deceased gentleman, who was much respected by all classes in bis locality, had been iling for some' time past, and had proceeded to elbourne for the benefit of his health, but withut avail. As a mark of respect to the deceased, he business places in Maryborough were partially losed on Monday, and flass were at half-mast on he principal buildings." He leaves a widow and amily (two sons and two danghtera), the eldest of he sons bang an officer of the Bank ot Victoria t Avoca. Frequenters of the billiard-room at the' Mehanics' Institute-will do well to condact themelves when there in a gentlemanly manner, or the oon wBlnot be looked upon by tbe members of he institute u an munixsd blessing. On Monday ight last a dispute arose between two of the embers, on account of the arrogant demands of ne of them, and^threata of using personal violence o the other were nsed by that one who io the rangle lostbis; self-command. -Tbe threatened ne waited patiently.the conclusion ol m same in hich the other wju'iengaged, and then offered to ive him satisfaction after "ye manners of ye pre-" sent time." An a^i oornmeBt was made to a quiet place, and bnt for ^ intervention of friends a pugilistic encounter betv'een two of the members of the institute wonld hare commemorated the opening of the new billiard-rod®. On Monday evening a heavy bush-fire was raging near Boas" Creek, in the direu'' 01 ! of tha Burnt saw-mill, and shortly before the <*» m " menced the glare of tbe fire was very brit'ot, so much so Oat it was thought in Smythesdiue l' lat a haystack or some buildings muBt have caught. However, no news of any dwellings or ricks being burnt has been received, so probably the bright glare was seen when some heavy patch of timber was burning. Discussion ran high, at the meeting of the committee of the Orphan Asylum last night, over the tenders for printing the annual report. The house committee had been empowered to accept a tender, but, as the lowest was bom a firm ont of Ballarat; they referred it to tbe general committee to decide. The desirability of calling for fresh tenders, or of accepting a lower tender sent in too late, or of accepting the lowest tender sent in in time (that of Mr Franks, of Geelong),-was each discussed in turn—and out of turn; and finally, the last course was decided upon. The news of the victory by Mr M. Loughlin's horse Lord Harry in the Hobart Town Cup race yesterday, was received with great satisfaction here, more especially because he was backed to win for a good round sum by a number of Ballarat sporting men. Lord Harry's performances in winning in succession tbe Geelong Cup and Handicap, and the Hobart Town Cup, are first-class, and prove that he is as good on the flat as he was formerly over fences, while the condition in -which he has been brought to the post on each occasion reflects great credit on his trainer, Mr Robert Howie, of Minersrest. The application of tbe Racecourse Company, Haddon, to mine under the land held by Mr Henry Saunders, of Haddon, under tbe 42nd section, which has been before the warden several time?, was finally decided on Tuesday in tbe Smythesdale Warden's Court, the result being that the company has obtained the required permission on entering into a bond with Mr Saunders to pay the surface damages from time to time. Hie application was opposed by the occupier of the ground, who urged that the ground would fall in to such an extent that the surface would be rendered useless. The warden's decision in the matter is interesting both to mining companies and the holders of land under the 42nd section. Mr Davies, M.L.A., yesterday waited on the hon. Mr Longmore, Acting Minister of Mines, to urge the importance of having a polling-place at Kangaroo for the ensuing election for the Mining Board. The objection urged against such a course was that Kangaroo was too near Staffordshire Beef, and there were now too many polling-places in tbe Smythesdale division. However, on Mr Davies showing that it would be a convenience for the Dereel people, as well as for those of Kangaroo, &c.;, the Minister consented to establish a polling-place at Kangaroo in time for the coming election, bnt intimated that some polling-places in tbe district would have to be dosed before an< other election took place. The attention of the residents of Elaine is called to an advertisement in another column, convening a public meeting, to urge on the local water commission the necessity of at once taking tbe water to the Australasian dam, as there ia no water fit for human consumption at Elaine, and by the commission at once laying ont a small portion of the money vested in them, a good and permanent supply can be had in that central position, both for man and beast, within two weeks. At tbe Orphan Asylum committee meeting last night, the house committee reported that there were 136 children in the institution, and that they were all well. Prom that it may be safely inferred that the scarlet fever patients there have fully recovered, and that there are no fresh cases. At the City Police Court yesterday. Jama Looghlia was fined 40s, in default seven days' im prisonment, for trespass at the Western railway station, by walking acrosB tbe rails, near the archway, on the morning of the 10th instant. We were ahown yesterday by Mr Flegeltaub five handsome medals—three gold and two silver— and two silver watches, tbe principal prizes in the swimming matches, to take place at the Corporation Baths to-day. The committee of the Mechanics' Iostitute met on Monday evening. Present—Messra Stephens (president), Stansfield, Bawlings, Jack, Downes, Bickett, Osborne, Wheeler, and M'Whae. It was resolved that a cordial vote of thanks be accorded to Mr Duncan Cameron for his prompt and energetic action, whereby the conviction of Herbert Willison, for destroying the property of the institute, was Becnred. The house committee was requested to bring np a report on the state of the foundations, as the basement is continually being flooded with water from some of the adjoining buildings. Mr B. O'Beardon was elected a member of committee, in place of Mr William Eyres, resigned. The sab-committee was requested to hring^up a code of rules for the conduct of the The school anniversary services of tbe Town Mission were brought to a successful conclusion on Monday evening by a public tea, catered for by Mr Ward, and at which 263 attended. The subsequent meeting was unusually entertaining, judging from the applause given to the speakers and singers. Mr David Ham, the vice-president of the Mission, occupied the chair. The speakers were tbe Bev. J. G. Perriu, John James, MX.A., Mr J. S. Kelly, Mr W. T. Dimsey, the missionary, and tbe school superintendent (Mr Whitehead). A powerful mission choir, vnder the leadership of Mr W. Little, sang a number of choice selections quite new to the Ballarat public; Mrs Little accompanying on a splendid American organ by Smith, obligingly lent by Mr Summerscales. The financial result is considered highly satisfactory, and the attendance at all the services was veiy large; in fact, scores were unable to gain admission on Sunday night, notwithstanding the recent enlargement of the ball. The school maintains its efficiency, there being an average attendance of not less than twenty-two teachers and officers, and 230 scholars. The gratifying feature is the two senior Bible classes, which together have a roll of about seventy members. A meeting of the board of advice for the north riding of Grenvilie was held in the Haddon State school on Monday last. Present—Messrs Pender, Eopke, and Buchanan (correspondent). In the absence of the chairman, Mr Pender presided. Mr Ninnis, head teacher at Haddon, gave in a list of some repairs required to the school building; also some furniture wanted. It was decided that Mr D. M. Davies, M.T..A. (chairman), and Ur Buchanan (correspondent of tbe board), shonll see lbs hon. the Minister of Instruction with a view to getting n promised fence round tbe school allotment, and to have the closets put further back and at a greater distance apart; also to have the repairs doue aa suggested by Mr Ninuis, and to have a teacher's residence on the ground, as the present arrangement precludes the , teacher from having any control over the building after school is closed. It appeared that there baa been increase of attendance at this school lately. Mr Kopke reported, with regret; that twenty panes of glass were broken at the Bunker's Hill school during tbe holidays, and thought it hard that the teacher should be at the expense of replacing them. The attendance at this school has been low lately in consequence of the children having aore eyes. Mr Hamilton, head teacher at Cherrytree Flat school, applied for a holiday on the 17th March. Granted.—Application from Ur S. Cutbbert for tbe nie of tbe schools to lecture in was left in tbe hands of each local member to deal with. The board resolved to apply to the department to have Ringing taught in tbe schools under the control of the board. - A drum and fife band has recently been started in connection with the Haddon school, under the direction of Sir Carvosso, who is employed by the Government, and they have formed themselves into a committee to assist in raising,funds to pay for the instruments, &C-;, and to aid in any way practicable. Mr A. Campbell, of the Heather Bell hotel, has kindly advanced £6 I0» for a supply of fifes, so that there should'not be any delay in making a start; consequently, some of tbe boys have made a beginning with favorable results. Dr Talmage, of America, has taken rather a bold step in venturing to explore and expose some of tbe worst features of American society; and, in a series of sermons, on "The Night Side of City Life," he is giving so much of tbe results of his exploration as he deems it fit for a virtuous public to know. Messrs Johnson Brothers, of Melbourne, have just issued the first series of these sermons, a copy of which has been sent to us. Certaioly the great preacher does not mince matters, nor is he very careful about offending or pleasing, so long as he can arouse public sentiment and scorn. Right straight from the shoulder be hits tremendously hard, and hia blows fall indiscriminately upon "prominent "business men bom Boston and Philadelphia, aud Chicago and Cincxnnatti; judges of courts, distinguished lawyers, officers of the church, political orators, stockbrokers from Wall street, large importers from Broadway, iron merchants, leather merchants, cotton merchant^ hardware merchants, wholesale grocers, representatives from all the commercial and wealthy classes." It wonld appear that quite a i utter of consternation has been created by tbe doctor's attarks aad revrtations. Eren the American press baa got excited. « Don't -you know," somebody aaka," tbe papers are criticising yon for the position you take?" " I say, yes; and doyou know how I feel aboot it? As the secular and reUgions press ot the United State* and tbe Camidas, and ot England, and Ireland, and Scotland, and Australia, and New Zealand, are giving me every wed nearly 3,000.001) souls for an audience, I say I am indebted lb the presi, anyhow. Go on 1 Slash away, gentlemen. Give my lofe to all the secular and religions editors. Whoever else may be crowded or kept standing, or kept outside the doors, I charge tbe trustees and the ushers of the church that tbey give full elbowroom to all these journalists, since each one is another church five times, or ten times, or twenty times larger than this august assemblage, and it is by the printing-press that tbe Gospel of the Son cf God is to be yet preached to all the world. May the blessingof the Lord God come down upon all the editors, and all the reporters, and all tbe co.*npositors, and all the proof-readers, and all the type setters!" There is very much in these sermons quite as well suited to city life in this colony as to tb£ people of New York or Brooklyn. Human nature is the same all over and everywhere. We commend theBe printed deliverances of a bold, good man to the thoughtful perusal of all intelligent people. Five residents of Bungaree were fined small amounts at the City Police Court yesterday for neglecting to send their children to school thirty days during the quarter of the year ending December laBt. The nineteenth anniversary of the Black Lead Wesleyau Sabbath School was held on Snnday last. Mr John James, M.L.A., preached in the morning from Isaiah xlv., 23. In the afternoon the Rev. A. Rigg gave a very instructive address to parents and scholars. Mr James again preached in the evening, to a good congregation, from 1st Kings, xviii^ 1. On Monday the anniversary tea meeting was held, the tables being ably presided over by tbe Misses Bray, Fitridge. Moyle, and Walker. A public meeting was subsequently held, Councillor Richard Hall (Buninyongsbire) in the chair, who gave a capital tone to the meeting by an excellent opening address. Able addresses were delivered by the Bev. A. Rigg, and Messrs Jewell and Nairn. The report was read by the superintendent, and considered satisfactory. At this, as at the services on Sunday, several pieces of sacred song were rendered by the scholars of the school, under the leadership of Mra Drama, assisted by tbe choir; Miss Alice Walker admirably presiding at the harmonium. Votes of thanks to the ladies, preachers, speakers, singers, and chairman, were passed, and the anniversary was brought to a close by the Rev. Mr Rigg pronouncing the benediction. The quarterly meeting of the Hose of Anryle Lodge, I.O.G.T., Linton, w>as held on Wednesday last. Br J. M'Dongall, L.D., assisted by Br Hore as G.W.S., and Br Campbell as G.W.M., installed the following officers for the ensuing quarter -— W.C.T., Br E. W. Binder; V.T., Br G. Smith • S, Br Robertson; F.S., Br E. V. Binder; T., Br f! Bryant; C., Br Drew; A.S., Br W. Treloar: LG., Br Kilpatrick; O.G, Br B. Ball; M, Br E. Anderson; D.M, Sr Burrows; R.H.S, Sr E. Campbell; L.H.S., Sr A. Anderson. After the installation about fifty members of the lodge sat down to an excellent tea, provided for and superintended by Srs Binder, Bennett, M. Campbell, and M-Fadzean. After the good things supplied had been done ample justice to, a number of the younger members amused themselves at some of the most popular games till a late hour. The following is the notice-paper for the meeting of the Water Commission next Friday:—Report of finance committee, report of works committee, report of engineer, report of collector, report of chairman during his year of office, to receive tenders for the supply of waggonnettes (on hire) for the ensuing twelve months, to elect a chairman for the ensuing twelve moHths, to appoint committee on nuance and public works. A very successful lecture in aid of tbe circuit fund was delivered last night, by the Ber. W. Clark, in the Humffray Street Primitive Methodist Church. The lecture waa entitled " Three months at sea," and was delivered from the rev. lecturer's own experience. At intervals, the choir sang selections of sacred music, and Miss Finch sang solos; Mr Thompson presiding at the harmonium, and Mr Woods conducting. At the con- Clnsion a vote of thanks was accorded to the rev. lecturer and to the singers. The secretary of the Springdallah and Linton Bflief Fund desires to acknowledge the receipt of £1, a donation from Messrs Gartside Brothers. We have received £1' for the Ballarat Hospital from Constable Stoddart, of Bungaree. The balance-sheet of the Orphan Asylum soiree states the net proceeds of the entertainment to be £56. The annual matches under the auspices of the Ballarat Swimming Club will take place this afternoon, at the Corporation Baths, and give promise of good contests and an excellent exhibition of swimmiDg. The half-mile event will be specially interesting, aa it includes some of the est swimmers in the colony, including M'Indoe, of Melbourne. In the diving match, Julian, who t Geelong went 65 yards under water, is one of he competitors; while in the other events the ntries are more numerous than usual. There will, herefore, undoubtedly be a good attendance of pectators. The regatta committee did not meet last night, n time. The committee will meet again next uesday. We have received the January edition of " Coo-e-e," Mr Ralph Christie's shorthand magazine. It contains seven articles, on various topics, lithographed in the reporting style of shorthand; also tbe well-known poem " Beantiful Snow." We can recommend " Coo-e-e "to all who are desirous of learning to read shorthand fluently and to acquire a good style. Fresh tenders are invited for the construction of a passenger station at Horsham. Particulara appear in our advertising columns. We have received a photograph of the poor little fellow Charley Boss, who was abdncted from his parents in Philadelphia in 1874, and who is strongly suspected to have been brought to this colony. Tbe photograph is placed in our front office for the inspection of (he public. Friday, the 28th instant, is gazetted a bank holiday at Creswick. The ratepayers' roll of Ballarat West is declared valid by tbe Governor in Council. It seems the loll was not sent to tbe proper quarter until after the time specified in the act for The purpose. Dr Hudson announces in our advertising columns to-day that he is a candidate for the vacancy in tbe directory of the Ballarat Gas Company, caused by the death of Ur Bobert All.™ The second annual meeting of tbe Protestant Mutual Benefit Society-will be held at the Buck's Head hotel, next Thursday evening, at eight o'clock. The receipts on the Victorian railways forthe week which ended on the 6th February were X26.33G 9s 10d. The amount received in the corresponding period of last year was £21,374 9s 3d. Mr Alfred Deakin's meeting at Bacchus Marsh on Monday evening (says the Age) was crowded with an attentive and enthusiastic audience. Mr G. Dickie, president of the shire, was in tbe chair. Mr Deakin argued that protection was favorable to farmers, which secured for them markets for their produce, enabled them to obtain their machines and implements cheaper, and increased tbe demand for their produce. He also spoke at length on the land questbn; explained tbe unearned increment, and justified the tax already imposed on municipal rates. .He expressed his unqualified approbation of the Education Act the plebiscitvm, constitutional reform, and the Ministerial policy. Mr Deakin spoke for an hour and three-quarters, and at the close of his speech a vote of confidence in his candidature waa carried unanimously, amidst great-cbeering. A cotMoittee to aid in securing his election was then formed and an active canvass will be proceeded with. ' The following telegram from Geelong ap)>eared in lost night's Herald " For some time it baa been known that the stoppage of payment by Messrs P. M'Denald and Co. the wcI-known merchants, was unavoidable. On Tuesday the schedule of the firm was filed. The liabilities are set set down at £81,493, and tbe assets -at £67,470, leaving a defideny of £11,023. The causes of the failure are stated to be losses in business and stoppage of credit by the Iondon Chartered Bank in Melbourne. The principal creditor* aad merchants. Other smaller failure un bound to follow, as a matter of course." The Bacchus Marsh Protectiea and Reform League met (says the Age) on Satuday evening. There was a large attendance, and Mr A- Kyle occupied the chair. It waa moved by Mr Wm Lyle. seconded by Mr T. Heath—"That Mr A. Deakin be the candidate selected fey this league to represent West Bourke." Tbe motion was carried unanimouuy. The law aad order party (esys tbe Apt) have again succeeded in distiogimhiog themselves by ungentlemaoly behavior and a total disregard of the obligatuns of society, at which tbey assume to be the leaders. At the quarterly roeetir^ of tbe City Council on Monday, it was proposed that the usual address to a retiriag Governor of the colony Aould be presented to his Exwlleooy Sr George Bowen. The introduction of tbe matter waa tbe signal for a aeries of cowardly attacks upon his JSXMUetKy, and the ntndnctioo of party politic* of tke most contemptible order. Notwithstanding the efforts of the cwnctUora wbo were so carried away by spite as to refuse to acknowledge tha Hiany acta of courtesy performed by his ExcStoicy to the City Coundl, the addreaa was adopted fcv a majority of nine to two. The names of these -who left the chamber in order that their vote might not appear on the division list vera Councillors M'llwraiti, Benjamin, Means, aud Curtain. After canvassing the whole ef the Kenducton distriot on behalf «f the Political Reform League, only sixteen persons (says t'a6 Geelong A*xrtis«\ could be tnuiterod in the Temperanoe Hall, elngton, on Saturday night to foraabra^TT league. The chair was taken by the R ^ ® Belcher, M.L.C, and Hessra A. M c ^ C G - F - Andrews, B. Hoare, W. Carpenter^'and a ^ C - bet of other Geelong residents, were present a the Conservative supporters was Mr 'riS? 011 ® Ash. The chief speakers were, as ususL M®" m Andrews and Hoare, who, In their language, abused the present Ministrr A. Neill and C. Grinter defended the GoV™ 6,1,8 vigorously. A branch of the league . 2 ? ' nu six persons, waf established. ' n "®n»g Sir M. L. King, M.L.A. (says the t„. doting the past few days been so seriously iiS? posed that his condition bas caused cr-at .mL-T to his friends. Dr Gtmrt,who is in a t t e S npon him, on Monday pronounced him somert.; better than on the previous day, but he caC; ot yet be pronounced ont of danger. Mr Dow (says the Aar} visited Avoca on FRI day, and was entertained at luncheon at tk Avoca hotel by the membem of tbe shire c-unoi and other representative men' of the district r the evening Mr Dow addressed his constituent the Amphitheatre on tbe poRfesl situation MS on the following (Saturday) evening at Elmhttnt Unanimous votes of confidence were passed t- both meetings in favor of Mr Dbw as the reni sentative of the district. "Hie Minister of Railways (says'the Age) after having made a full investigation into the cauae of tbe collision at Harconrt, has determined to dis miss tbe driver and stoker of tbe up-train whidh" in shunting, ran into tbe dowa-trsic-from Sand? hurst whilst it waa passing, and cut it in two. The inquiry in regard to the action taBen bv the stationmaster in tbe matter has not yet bera brought to a final issue. ^^ 