EGERTON. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) When Constable Gibson, with about twenty four men from the mines, reached the fire which was raging in Mr Lynch's paddock on the 30th January, their first efforts were successfully directed to the fire which had taken hold of the house and residence of that gentleman, all working with a will. Even as it is his loss is very severe. They then proceeded along the course of the fire, beating it out, cutting gaps in the fences, and with large green branches in hand, continued fighting against the fiery element; which, taken in conjunction with the fierce heat of the day, was almost unbearable. The thirst which the combatants of the fire suffered was relieved as much as possible by the property-holders of the district. Constable Gibson returned to his station at twelve o'clock at night much exhausted, and states that when leaving the fiery scene there must have been nearly ten miles of country ablaze. Messrs P. Cantwell, T. Cameron. P. McDonald, Harrington, M. Maher, and D. Develin have been great sufferers, in addition to those already named in my report which appeared in your issue of the 30th January. Great credit is due to the managers of the mines for the manner in which they permitted their men to save property; also to the local police, for they ware untiring in their efforts, to supress the fire. Constable Ferguson returned to his station at four o'clock yesterday morning, after being engaged in the contest from one o'clock the previous day. He was much exhausted, and, after a sleep, returned to the fire. Constable Gibsen was also at the fire the greatest part of the time. The fire is still making headway towards Ballan. The following items I have also gleaned since I last wrote:—Mr Alexander Cameron lost all fences, grass, and crops; house only saved. Patrick Cantwell all the fences, grass, and a few hundred sheep; Patrick McDonnell, whose loss is roughly computed at about £300. Mr Harrington, by one of those providential escapes, after hope was gone, saved the house and stockyard, although the fire had completely surrounded it. From thence the flames rushed across the narrow gully which separates the selections from the timber reserve. The work of destruction will now be allowed to go on without any check. Thousands of tons of engine wood are ready stacked, in view of the large contracts expected to be called for by the companies; but unless a heavy fall of rain takes place, no means at command amongst the splitters can make any head- way against the fire. Whilst many of our townsmen were rendering assistance at the bush-fire and far away from their homes, the cry of fire! fire! sounded through our little township about five o'clock on the evening of the 30th instant, which caused an immediate rush of men; women, and children to the spot. The greatest consternation and excitement prevailed at first, for the blaze was terrific. It appears that it was the stable and outhouses belonging to Mr McKinlay, storekeeper, and to save the store and other dwellings in close proximity seemed impossible. But by almost superhuman agency the fire was subdued, and in two hours after. I am thankful to record, nothing but the smouldering remains of the outhouses were to be seen as remnants of the fire. Mr McKinlay surmises, that some children must have been playing in the stable with lucifer matches—hence the origin of the fire. A most singular connecting link was unravelled in connection with a robbery that was perpetrated about three weeks ago in the said store, and which I recorded at the time. About £6 was stolen, and the identical sum was found planted in the stable. A large fire Is destroying everything before it at Gordon. Full particulars I will send in time for your Monday's issue. 