COUNTRY NEWS. Our Eastern Districts Letter. From our own correspondent. NORTHAM, 11th. Jan. The few who have apara time» and am io disposed, have gone down to Perth this week for the races. Many have been prevented from doing so by the delay caused by the late cloudy weather, which, for several days consecutively, put a atop to reaping Those who were fortunate enough to have finished were in many instances afraid to leave home at this season, while the country is as dry as a chip, and liable at any moment to be set iu a blaze, accidentally or otherwise. Up to the present time we have generally been pretty free from bush-fires, and the atmosphere has been as clear as if such visitations were un- known. I hope sincerely that sucbfa state of things may continue, at all events a little longer, as there is considerable feed still re- maining in many parts of the bush which would burn like a stubble, and a -fire once started would soon set the whole country in a blaze. We are quite warm enough at this time of the year, without any extra heat from this cause. On the 22nd or the 23rd instant the New- castle and Northam Cricket Clubs are to play a match on the ground of the latter. Both elevens are said to be in tolerable practice« and a good game may be expected. These clubs have not met for some years, and it would be difficult to say which is the favorite eleven in the forthcoming encounter. May the best men win, and a friendly meeting take place between them. In the Northam local court on Thursday last, there were only two cases for hearing, both of them, however, possessing a certain amount of local interest. The first of them was Enright v. Wilkins, an action tu recover the sum of £20 from defendant on account of failure in delivering a certain horse to plain tiff according to an agreement entered into by the parties. This case was brought for- ward for hearing on the December court day« but was adjourned to this month for the pro- duction of further evidence. It appeared to the Bench that defendant had complied with the terms of the agreement in question, and judgment was given for defendant accord« iugly. The other case down for hearing waa an action brought by Mr. Parker, of Cobham, to recover the sum of £20 from Robert Car- ter, the poundkeeper at Northam, on account of a horse which had been sold out of the public pound in that town nnder an alleged wrong description, and which. horse waa claimed by Mr. Parker, who sued the de* fendant for damages to the extent of £20. The Bench, however, after a careful conai eeration of the case were of opinion that the poundkeeper had done all that was required in the matter, and gave judgment accord- ingly. With reference to the report in circulation a short time since to the effect that the New- castle Resident Magistrate was likely to be removed to Fremantle to undertake Mr. Slade's dutiesduring the temporary absence of the latter from the colony on leave, I under- stand that such arrangement is not likely at present to take place, Mr. Slade's contem- plated trip having been postponed. On Monday last the Government School» were supposed to re-open, after the Christ- mas holidays. The girl's school, however, at Northam had not been fortunate enough to have a successor to Mrs. Taunton appoint- , ed in time, and has remained closed ever since. Ample time appears to have been given for the selection of a school-mistr as, and the failure to fill op the appointment ni time for the reassembling of the children, is a matter of inconvenience to the families ia Northam, and does not reflect any credit upon those who have the ordering of the matter, and who are not fulfilling their duty to the public by this inconvenient delay. From the report of the Perth Races which has reached us today, I find that I was right in my prediction in regard to the winner of the Queen's Plate. I had ample opportuni- ties of judging of Bas-blanca capabilities from his running at York and Newcastle, and from the manner in which he cut down Tim WAiffier and Corisande at the latter meeting I had no doubt of his racing qualities, and felt sure that he was the best horse in training, if not in the colony. He is a horse very likely to deceive the nniniated, but for all that he has power and speed enough to do a great deal more than he has done already, and it is a pity to see him retire into private life after such a short racing season. 1 may at a future time have something to say about Corisande, Kate, aed some of the other hor- ses that ran at Perth, and make a special note of the great Northern stable, which this year has certainly disappointed many who were calculating upon Mr. Parker's judge- ment. The few last fine days have brought the reaping very nearly to a close. 