fFAT£B COUUISSIOS. FaloaT, 2Sth Hal' Brophy. An apolr mac. .rtpis, LegfO, Scott, and was received fram Cr Hick- thFlSf ^ ! F r o m fifty-five members of rrf •jf r *'- t -Aaglfera* Association, drawing atten- ^Ve tdvrsifeility of throwing open the Upper Gong teiervcBr to licensed anglers, and f^^tiDg <rA tha^ the dun is now well stocked, and •oat as a constant supply of fish comes down from the breeding poods, tbere is no fear of the dam being eetptled of them by legitimate fishing. Tbe members of the aasoci&tion; also remarked that some of the trout would certainly escape by tbe by-wash during winter, and that it would be as well to throw the Gong Gong open to fishers.They thereforereqtie?t£d the commission to allow licensed angla* to fishin the dam, and that tbe size of the trout to be taken be fixed at not lees than (say) 1 lb weight during the present season. Eeferred to the works committee lor report, and be made an order cf the day for next meeting.— From the town clerk, stating that tbe council saw no objection to John Fraser having the wat« laid on to his peddling-machine. In Clayton street. Received.—From the shire of Bungaree, requesting the commission's w^t to the annually recurring-fires, which devastate tbe reserves, situate in that shire, and which, it is feared, will culminate in some fearful disaster, and impressing upon the commissions* the advisability and necessity of acme system being adopted whereby the accumulation of undergrowth in the reserves may be checked, if not prevented. Without desiring in any way to encroach upon the' prerogative of the cbmmiBean, the councilors desired to express their opinion *iiat tbe suggestions made at tbe last meeting of the coenmisskm, as to raiting portions of tbe reserves to farmers whose properties abut thereon, for specified purposes and under proper restrictions, are worthy of the serious conwdfration of the commission. Dealt with .in the chainuas'* report.— From the secretary Bipoushire, aaking for information as to the conditions and charges under which the commiss∋ supplied tbe State schools in the town with water. Informs tica supplied,—From W. G, TOSiains,stating that at the So. 4 Band of Hope dans they were being charged 2d-per 1000 gallons, aad asking to be supplied at the reduced rate of pe 1000 gallons. Becaved.—From W. Freeman, Alfredton, drawing attention to the want •of increased water supply at Alfred ton and Lake Wendouree. ~ Heferred to wurks lyiinpitT^i fry report.—From Sub-inspector stating that, as requested, he had placed tbe investigation of the origin of the fires at the reserves in the hands of the detectives. Dealt with is the chairman's report.—From the secretary of the BDL.V. Association, asking the commiasiou to receive a deputation upon the question of the abolition of the tax upon water-troughs. To be heard at usual time. Tisxsce CoxxnTEE s Beport.—Eeoommended that the following accounts be passed for payment :—Labor, £ss3 15s 7d; Phoenix Foundrr, £3 10*: Bailarat Hardware Company, £14 6s 6d A. B. King. £3 10s 9J; R. Gibbhjgs, £2 engineer's expenses, £21; F. Pinkertbn, £9 5s 8d, W. Gooch, £L ; May and party. £5 ; Cuthbert and Wynne, oh account, £200. Adopted. Tbe standing orders were suspended, and Cr Brophy then introduced Messn Irwin, MrrTTT^ Gabbett, and Forrester of the BJXL.V. Association. Mr Irwin stated the desire of the deputation, which was to. the the licensed victuallers of the town, considering that the water-troughs they kept were for public convenience, and entailed considerable expense to keep- ttem in order, quested that the commission would sbgliflh the present tax on water-troughs, as had been dose in Melbourne and other places. Mr Martin stated that the publicans were heav2y bj the houses they kept, and that if they did not &ect; trough* the municipality would hare to do it. They thought the present tax of 10s per year per trough ahotild in fairoeas to tfaeo be iHi^rhwI. Messrs Gabbett and Forreater also urged the commission to abolish the tax. In answer to Cr Scott, Hr Forrester stated that there woe between fifty and sixty water-troughs in Bailarat, hut the depu- tation could not aay how many liffrnsed h^uwew there were in the tows. The chairman pointed out that the commission did not Impose a syphon tax, as there was in Melbourne. The deputation then withdrew, and the commission resumed. On the motion of Cr Josephs the matter was referred to tbe financecommittee, and to be made as order of the day for next meeting. On the motion of Cr Scott, it was resolved to write to the (Xty, Tows, and Sebaatopol councils for a return of the number of licensed houses in each place. 1Tob£s COMMITTEE'S REPORT stated—L A plication of Messrs Laing and Kkhalaon to be charged at same rate as manufacturers, yiz~, 6d 1000 gallons. Tour committee that the commissioners take into consideration the desirability or otherwise of ing the applicants as manufacturers. On the motion of Cr Turpie. it was resolved to claas millers with manufacturers. 2\. As to scour-pipe In Little Lyons street—Your committee have ordered this work to' *be carried oat when convenient.. 3. Application of Mr J. Gibson for allowance for service-pipe laid by him to iiis ^ premise* «t Poverty Point—Tour committee cannot recommend compliance w ith this applicant's request. 4. As to bush-fire at fiscotfa reacnolr, and applications Messrs Llewellyn, James, asd others, for recompense for loss of time—Year fnmmi^ have postponed this matter for further enquiry. Postponed. 5\. Petition of J. Reitz and twenty other persons for another slip-panel to he opened in fieu. of the present one—Your committee hare postponed this matter for further consideration. The slip-panel had been placed as desired. He report was adopted, with the alterations stated. . CmiTEviVs firpoET—Stated—I. That the ranger reported that extensive fires had .occurred on the mornings-of- the^24thHUKi 2oth instast-at the reserves, whereby much damage had been dose to young plantations, and that bom -the fact of the fire breaking out at liiffprpnt pointa;itrwas believed to be the work of as incendiary." Acting on the resolution of February, 187%, he had offered a reward of £50 for the oouvktHm-ofr the «feoder. He had also communicated with thepoliceand sent information for the guidance of tbe detectirea. • On the 26th' he instructed Mr Campbell to Inspect the places and report thereon. Bscoved.' : Tbe &AKoea; .reported the occurrence asd extinguishing of fires -in -the reserves, aad gave statistics of tbe fench^and trees destroyed. The report was leceived. The action taken by the chairman was confiraied. On tbe motion of Cr Scott, it was resolved to -serve notices on the farmers residing next the boundary lendetftb pay half the cost of re-erecting tbe fencing bunt do^iL. Oc jpsepha -thought "that it wai' quite some snch actios was taken, and he considered that ^trwould have tBe^fiect of; making, fe^er fires. Cr Tur^ae referred to the necessity of taking steps to remove the undergrowth xm 5he Teservbs.-^Cr Ferguson'pointed out that the "men wbo had put out the fire a month ago • had sot "bees recompensed, and thai it would be 'jfist as^w^I^opay them what they asked. He also thought thatit would b4 well to let the edge of the reserves'to far-^ mers to keep clear. ^ She chairmaa~p&inled; gulBST itpreteatenets coarsecot^d zwUega9y*epnrsued» Cr Brophy alsospokeof thenecessily of doing comething to idear the undergrowth on 5he Josephs ipointed out that after, alt said about fires in the, reserves, there had ten more fires during gether, last^yett and ;egjd thatx that mTheTait oalyjone^had Seren commenced years altc jo the reserrei.' Cr MorrisonjBtated tltt^ jn writing hia.reptft, he hoped thal theincendiary who fre' the re*errea alight might bt fotmd (ait. He himself noticed : that fires had been more mnnerons serves had been^maifle^and^ Ji^-e^conld *be no doubt butthmtacmeone had i^'ibeniaain. CrBropby«meatIy ftroteatedisgamst of the chairmBn, who, he tbonght, had wrongly to he^ ^uch' expreaeionR, an'd he"_Kbald «tro'ngiy jptpteaE against tbem.^X> Trapre aouljjfed.ttie cbaantaA nt^Ttrngjn saying ,wbat-be4id ihe Janneri jir.2iingaxee- ;M<OTi#ob, pointed Sbtt te-bM aail^Butbingjai jdl about the: farmers.f fire*.badjoecmed^iiga wry:peculiar and suspicions Iway, .fcometimes wct • Sigamst tbe wfifll*u4 at different.placga mthe ^imUi j. ei'mt' the sto'pme,T]TVhenTbe jneirifBea^i in putting put, the fte,-«adiiid eucooeded,-»n:a$ann.eLtrald:tre TBW A Boma'othecpart hi tie;naiiet; -Je ac-- cnse3 [class of persons wjtfa^jetHiigjgynPtte reaerves, pnt^££ was convinced tint the^ras bad been the fcoitpf inoaffiaries." ffB'tbepiSmi.ot; Crs Josephs jud~CIazton,.tbe lettet itpn-tbe -Bungarasbire Conncil was referred to Xbe vorks «onunittetfor rsport, «ndthff«Om«iittae will empowerea to csHjudi erUsuix.uJt3t »«isiartfc'ia«Bax'..i}'-j;r- , ''Vi... ; Iuliv. Coihmivjepi Eiposx-±Stitisi: tbe rpro-. grisast-the.taae tapseht by Touneand'JCGnigan •gaunt «he«otBmSs«ion,auid *hat d«rmg tbe time it was beng heard «t leastxnexoefzibA-«t tfce««nnatl«B^ai present to represent theJa^mBMsnberi tion, ; CrlMorrisdn z^eiT^ tbV.paragraiph whi^' appeared tin one of the morning .papery stating fttttAej ds£faldanta-^;t^J0esiebaJ'o«Bg«aa ajfGttlgan t. Water •Ciowmi«>iw,.srerB jah6abt at poatponeiBent . of ^tiucase ex n tfaeaflietiiin of WOSBwjay. He informed the tbi commisnoa tfwf he had only«jected toaaotfcerjnror - beingawohiin.beeatua MrConwayhad Vieweittelirmrija ipuii'- tbxBK ftie 4efab8antsfcrt.e*Euute<r their ljfct qf ypa^T ly^t rt^T ate injoBB ttat 'jifiigbt .^TC : weranofe jupiat rrrn obliged, in' conDderatmn^f^tiE ««eai 3 intenst: ta inKSt anJbartBg eTe^ r$ht «Ilowed •7<heJaw;to them. Jtwasstcattcr cf bnsinesa,. I " " asd though they insisted of having their rights. they wae perfectly agreeable to any legal oom^e that would save time in the hearing of the cs^e. Etgxsece^ Report.—1. Dealt with certain works at tbe reserves. 2. Reported the oesrurrence oT several fires at the reserves. 3. Informed the commission of several cases of trespass. 4. The rasger requested that three additional workmen might be sent to assist in re-erectingfences, lately burned down at Kirk's, in order to prevent cattle from pollntmg the water, 5. Gave the depth of water in tbe reserves as follows Beale's. 7 feet 6 inches; Pincott's, 6 feet; weir b**™. full; Kirk's, 18 feet; Gong Gong, 44 37 feet. Beceired. Collector's Bepost.—Stated the receipts for the fortnight ending 27A March at £S62 14* Sd. Received. Gekeral Bcsotss.—It was resolved, cn the mottouof Cr Scott, to request Mr George Smith, nursoyman, to visit the reserves, and to inspect asd classify the young plants there, and state for the guidance of the commission their marketable •alue. The finance committee was empowered paas accounts during the next week, and as the next meeting of the commission would fall on Good Friday, it was resolvedto hold it on the dav before. The commisaou then scj^uraed. 