MELBOURNE LIVE STOCK &ARKET.; Wbdnbsdat, 22ns Janoart. Fat Cattlii.— 1756 were entered for sale, but some lots not coming forward reduced the number yarded to about 1500 bead, tbo bulk of which were of second and middling quality. Owing to tho small supply of good descriptions penned sales for such wore brisk. and the pricos realised show an advanco of 10s. per head overlate rates, while the demand (or middling and inferior was dull, and no . improvement on lato quotations can bo quoted. Prime pens o( bullocks realised (rom £8 to £9 ; good do., (rem £8 to £7 ; second da. from £4 10s. to £5 10s.; inferior, from £3. Best peus of cows (rom £4 10s. to £5 6s. ; others Ous, upwards. Fat Calybs.— 60 came forward, tho most of whieh were suite-t to trade requirements, some being prims. Tho prices realised are without any mater al altera tion from late rates. Best sold at from 45s. to 52s.; good, from 80. to 35,; others, from 10 >. upwards. Fat Subbp. — This market was moderately supplied ; 14,100 cams forwa-d, tho greater proportion being of second aud middling descriptions, lhoso" to hand of prime and good quality were In demand, and realised a Blight advance on last week's prices ; for medium and inferior seit no Improvement on late rates can bo quoted. Priiuo crossbred wetliors Sold at from lis. to 12s. ; good do., from 9s. 6d. to 10s, Od. ; prime crossbred etves, from 0. to 9<. 6d. ; good do., from 8s. to 8s, CO.; prime merino wethers rcalisod from 9s. 3d, to 10s. Cd. ; good do., from 8s. to 9.; Booond do., from 7s. to 7s. Od. ; inferior, from 5s. 0d. Fat Lambs. — 3100 were yarded, which number proved ample for requirements, and tbo pricos realised on the wbolo were slightly easier than last week's; Best void at from 8. to 9s. ; good, from 7s. to 7s. dd, second, from 0s. to 6s. 6d. ; inlorior, from 4s. lid. Our Warrandyto correspondent writes on Tuesday " We had a heavy downpour of rain, and hoavy thunder and lightning to day, and the river is rising rapidly. The water is quite black, in consequence of the quantity of charcoal and asheB that are being washed from the nnmeraus bushfires we have had lately. Muoh fencing has beon destroyed by the fires in this district, especi ally on Brown station and the selections ad joining, and grass is now very scarce here." Cr. Edward Vanstan, at a meeting of the Belfast boroagh council, held on Jan. 23, was unanimously elected Mayor of Bolfast, in the room of Mr. Tilley, who had resigned his seat in the couuoil. Cr. "Vanstan is an old resident and councillor, and is generally re spected. To-day he gave instructions for spirits, barrels of bear, and othor drinks to be supplied to the working-men of the borough, to drink his health. The mayor also entertained the councillors in the even, ing, Mr. Thomas Southcombe, the candidate elected in the room of Mr. Tilley, took his seat lost evening. No person was nominated for the other vacancy, caused by Mr. Woods's resignation through his departure from the borough, A painful accident happened on Saturday night to a man named Gnatavas Safin, a Swede or Laplander, about fifty years of age. Salin has been working for Bomo time for Mr. S. Rickards, of Kinypanial, at farm work, and usnally slept in a chaff-house ad joining one of the stables, along with other men. On Saturday night, says the Ingle wood Advertiser,' he went to bed about mid night, and about ah'honr afterwards was heard moaning by two young men who hap- . pened to be passing, and who also notioed that ho w»b on fire. They "dragged him oat | from whote he was lying, and it was then seen that his bedclothes and the straw upon : which he had been lying were burning, and that his feet, legs, and oue hand were con- i siderably burned. Salin was brought into . Inglewood and admitted to the hospital. He was drunk at the time of the accident. His legs are frightfully burned, and one of his heels literally roasted. He was for several months on . inmate of the hospital, on a former occasion, suffering from a similar acoidentl , ' , i 