WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 21st, 1880. Our usual summary for the mail will ap pear in to-morrow's issue. A pressure upon our space of local and other news, and advertisements, compels us to hold over the leading matter. . Renter informs us this morning that rumors are prevalent in India that it is the intention of the British authorities to estab lish a new frontier province beyond the present limits of the Indian Umpire, with a view to cheeking foreign aggression and securing paramount influence in Afghanistan. MrParnell continues his tour in America, and has secured the use of the chamber of the House of Representatives at Washington, in which to address his countrymen on- the present condition of Ireland. ~ Mr Berry announced last night that it was his intention, if possible, to prorogue on the 5th February, and that the dissolution would, in all probability, take place the next, or following, day. The returns moved for in the Legislative Council, of dismissals and new appoint ments made in several departments,are given in our Parliamentary report, and the Oppo sition are welcome to any political capital they can make of them. It will be seen that where the new appointments exceed the dis missals it is due to the progressive character of works undertaken by such departments as railways," where the increased mileage con stantly necessitates an augmentation of the working staff. After refreshment hour last night the Estimates were proceeded -with, when the votes for the Observatory, Industrial schools, and some other items were passed. Upon the item for an additional shorthand writer's salary, Mr Bent raised a question as to the appointment of Mr Woollard to the Hansard staff. Mr Berry justified the appointment on the ground of fitness, and eventually the item was passed. We understand that there are indication; of the reappearance of the phylloxera vasta trix in vines in the neighborhood of Fyans ford. Last night Mr L. L. Smith called the attention of the Government to the fact. It has only been noticed, we believe, so far, to affect a very small patch, but this should he sufficient to cause immediate remedial mea sures being taken. "The Happy Land" created by the Oppo sition has proved a mere mirage. It appears to have had its chief supporters in Messrs Bent and Gannson. One of them disported himself at the Academy of Music on Monday night, ready with his " bunch of fives," that he exhibited at Castlemaine, to defend it against all assaults. The other in Parlia ment last night ventured to produce the poster, but finding no sympathy in the House he cried very small indeed, and contented himself with giving notice to move for ah amendment of the Act referring to the licensing of theatres. As the Parliament has but a few days to live, this, of course, means nothing, and in the meantime_the Chief Secretary has punished the originators of the thing for their mala fides in forfeiting their word with him by informing them that if they continue to represent it they shall lose their license. Thus foiled in Melbourne they threaten to come to Geelong. We may snggestthatif the commit tee of the Mechanics' Institute risk giving them the hall for the purpose, they had better include in the con tract for letting, a proviso that the less?es shall make good any damage that may he' done to the building dnring it3 occupation. A very extensive bush-fire was burning yesterday afternoon in the neighborhood of Batesford. It started between 2 and 3 o'clock at the Hog Bocks," and its origin is not known. From there it swept down with great fury npon Mr William M'Carthy's farm, at Batesford, but the residents there, by nersistent efforts, kept it away from the homestead. From thence it' went in south-easterly direction to Mr Wm. Wyatt's station, from which it cleared the grass com pletely to within about 100 yards of the haystack. Its progress in this direction was stayed by those in "Mr Wyatt's- employ beating out the flames, which then pursued a westerly course. When our informant left Fyansford, at about half-past 7 o'clock, there was a large body of'flame in the neigh borhood of Dog Rocks, and it is more than' probable, considering the dryness and con sequently inflammable nature of the grass, that the fire has spread. The southerly wind which set in abont 7 o'clock would have the effect of blowing the flames iu the Batesford direction. Owing to the scarcity of water in the re servoirs it is not unlikely that permission "to water the public streets will be withdrawn by the Water Supply, department. The con sumption of water during the past few days has been at the rate of a million gallons per day. A large quantity of the precious fluid has been daily used at the Exhibition foun tains, so that the supply has been greatly re-, duced. The annual meeting of the St. Patrick's Society was held last evening, when two candidates for the oflice of president pre sented themselves, viz. :—Messrs John Donaghy and John Ryan. After an acrimonious discussion as to whether or not Mr Donaghy was eligible for the oflice as he had not served twelve consecutive months on ,the committee, reference to the rules was made, but these did not make it neces sary that a committeeman's service should be continuous. Mr Donaghy was elected president, be having secured 45 votes to Mr Ryan's 25 votes. A meeting of the members of the Conne warre Regatta Club was held at the Union Club Hotel last evening. About twenty mem- bers were present, and the chair was taken by Captain Balfour, the Commodore of the Cluub. The prizes won at the recent regatta were paid over to the various winners, the cup won in the First-class Sailing Race being handed to the winner (Mr M. Collins) by the Chairman, who complimented him ap propriately on his success. The cup was afterwards filled with champagne, and the healths of the club and the winners toasted therein. Mr E. Knight, the secretary of the club, then informed .the meeting that his business engagements prevented him giving in future the necessary amount of at tention to the affairs of the club, and he was, therefore, compelled to tender his re signation. He assured them, however, that he would always take an active interest in the club's welfare! The resignation was ac cepted with regret, and a special vote of thanks was accorded to Mr Knight for his past services. Mr Fraser, the judge and starter, also tendered his resignation, but the meeting was not inclined to accept it, and Mr Fraser was induced to accede to a request to re-consider the matter. -Votes of thanks were passed to the judge, the com modore, and the secretary for their services, and the meeting terminated. A case of reputed snake-bite was attended to at the hospital yesterday. A resident of Germantown, Mrs Annie Bensch, came to that institution, and stated that she had been bitten by either a snake or a centipede on the big toe of the right foot, just above the nail. She complained, that the pain from the bite extended up her leg, and along her side as far as her breast. An examination elicited the fact that the toe had been scratched, and that erysipelas had super- vened. She was treated by Dr. Scott for that complaint, and was admitted to the hospital as an in-patient. The heat yesterday was intense. It was the hottest day experienced ;thi3 summer. Daring the earlier portion of the day a hot wind accompanied with dnst made things very disagreeable to pedestrians. The greatest heat appeared to be at three o'clock in the afternoon, when the thermometers at the shop of Mr Wright, watchmaker, of Malop-street, registered SO deg. in the shade and 122 deg. in the heat, the glass not being exposed to the direct rays of tho sun. The registra tions of the thermometers at Mr C. K. Pear son's were as follow (the glasses being more exposed to the action of the sun and air) :— San—3.45 p.m., 127deg. ; 4 p.m., 130deg. ; 4.30p.m., 131deg. Shade—97deg., lOOdeg., and lOldeg. respectively. In Melbourne the heat was very oppressive, the hot northerly wind which was blowing all day making it very unpleasant. In a very cool spot, at Messrs Kasner and Mos3' establishment, the thermometer registered 93i degrees in the shade'about 1 o'clock, whilst in a more ex. posed position, and yet in the shade, the glass showed ICO degrees at the same time of day. _ The remains of the late secretary of the St. Mary's Total Abstinence Benefit Society "were interred yesterday in the oid cemetery. The funeral cortege, which consisted of 23 vehicles and several horsemen, was preceded by 50 members of the St. Patrick's Society on foot and wearing regalia, whilst in the centre of the procession were 30 persons, friends of the deceased, who walked to the place of interment. Amongst those who attended the funeral on foot was the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, D.D. The lie v. \Y. M. Pinu conducted the funeral ceremony at the grave. Owing to the dishonesty of some persons in the Germantown district, in using water from the standpipe there for irregular pur poses, the Water Supply Department has given notice to the South Barwon Shire Council that should the practice be repeated the water supply from the standpipe will he cut oil". . Notwithstanding that Mr Matthew Bur nett is at present supposed to be resting en tirely from labor (on account of his health), prior- to commencing a tour through South Australia, his philanthropic mature will not allow him to rest when charity claims his aid. He has already promised to give a lec ture in Geelong on " Father Matthew, the great Apostle of Temperance," in aid of the ItisliEamineRelief fund. This evening heis to deliver the same lecture at Drysdale for the same object, in connection with tbe quarterly meeting of the Grand Bodge of. Sons of Temperance. We understand that another prosecution against a lady sly-grog seller, living in the direction of the Anakies, will shortly come beforethe Police Court. The Golden Crown steamer made her usual weekly trip from Melbourne to. Gee long yesterday. She brought down 450 passengers, about 200 of whom availed them selves of the opportunity of inspecting the Exhibition, A. married woman named Ellen. Moyle, 3S years of age, a resident of South Geelong, was treated at the hospital yesterday for blood poisoning, she having been bitten on tbe left wrist by an insect of some kind. One of the cases of rowdyism that so recently disgraced Queenscliff came yester day before the local bench, when the man Farrar, who carries on business at Eittle Collins-street, Melbourne, was fined £20, for his violent condnct and obscene language, or in defanlt three months' imprisonment. The fine was at once paid. • The following new insolvency schedule was filed yesterday :—John Gilmore, of Geelong, -laborer. Causes of insolvency—Want of employment and sickness. Debts, £140 3s 6d ; assets, £69 ; deficiency, £71 3s Gd. Our local correspondent writes:—" The heat at Little River yesterday was mo3t oppressive. At 10 in the morning a fierce north wind set in, and thesuddeh gusts heated by the reflecting powers of the plaiu3 re minded one of a furnace blast. At half-Dast two the thermometer at the Railway Station registered 114deg. in the shade, and the nsual sea breeze not springing np the glass registered lOOdeg. np to a late hour- in the night. \ \- Last night's Herald says:—Mr H. E. Wal ton has telegraphed [to secure. the Me chanics' .Institute, Geeloug, to produce the Happy Land. Despite the great heat yesterday the at tendance of visitors at the Exhibition was first-class. The excursionists from. Mel bourne patronised the Exhibition, and in the evening there was a large gathering of sea. son ticket holders and others at the prome nade concert given by the Exhibition chorus. In the afternoon the Cerberus hand played selections of music. ■ Mrs Macplierson's lecture on cookery yes terday afternoon was very well attended, and the lady's lncid remarks listened to with' attention. There will.be no lecture to-day, the next of the series being given to-morrow afternoon. A very unseemly family squabble took place recently at Queenscliff, when, the wife of a well-known barrister .fiercely assaulted Dr. Keid, of this town, before a number of people, in a public street, the lady at the same time using her tongne pretty freely i It has been asserted that Dr. field struck his assailant in return. This is pre posterously untrue, a number of persons who witnessed the affair declaring that nothing of the kind occurred. It is to be regretted that family differences cannot be settled by people without making the public a party to them, and it i3 yet more to be regretted that stories should be maliciously set abroad to injure the character of a man who enjoys in a large degree, and justly so, the esteem of his fellow citizens. A. young man named Charles Faulkhead, working in a mine at Carisbrook, broke his thigh and neck by a fall on Friday night last, and died on the following day. It transpires (writes the Herald) that the injuries received by Captain Mandeville some time since, by the explosion of a tor pedo 'at his residence, are now likely to be more serious than was at first anticipated, for some time all went well, and the gentle, man was able to get abont, but it is now' found that a piece of the lead in the torpedo has lodged in the hip, and during the jiast few days several leading medical men have been engaged in endeavoring to extract it. Captain Slandevilie lies in a very weak ■state. \- An Echuca telegram to the Herald says: —"Grain continues to pour into the townia undiminished quantities, the railway yards and goods-sheds being crowded with teams from morning till night. Bush fires are still doing considerable damage among selections, many of the farmers who ' chanced not to be insured having been.completely ruined by the burning of their crops and stacks/* An Adelaide telegram to the Herald says; —The Government will resume possession ot 5000 square miles of squatting country, non held under 56 pastoral leases. This includes the Paroota and pprtion of the Beltana runs, in all 1374 square miles, at present held by Sir Thomas Elder. In the majority of cases twelve months' notice of the intention to resume the lands will be given, but in Eome case3 only six months will be afforded. Elisha Brown, the man who abducted a little girl, of seven years, at Ballarat, and attempted to get a bed for himself and the child when his supposed infamous design was frustrated by Mrs Morgan, the landlady of the hotel he called at, was yesterday fully committed for trial. The old vagabond lite- rally brimmed over with scriptural quota- tions in extenuation of his conduct. The M.A. Mail, which does not altogether approve of the suppression of "The Happy Land," nevertheless says :—" The immoral tendency of the burlesque has probably been exaggerated by its rigid censors, but it is ab surd to conclude that its aim was not poli tical, and that it did not exceed the limits of fair caricature. We could pass over all the indecent inuendoes and coarse allusions oi 'The Happy Land,' but for the savage and. trncnlent under-current it displays towards the cause of popular freedom." On Monday a man named Jacob Benzley, a resident of Sunbury for many years, was arrested on a charge of incest, the child be- ing his own daughter, and only nine years of age. He was lodged in the lock-up, and while there cut his throat. The trooper in charge rode off to obtain the services of a doctor, but fell off his horse, and seriously injured his head. Both men were removed to the Melbourne Hospital, and hopes are entertained of their recovery. The Colac Herald writes :—" The land tax is having the desired effect in this dis-1 trict. Since the act came into force several estates have become extinct by. subdivision, whilst others have been materially reduced in size. This is what is required to make the town and district prosperous and bring about revival of trade. The country has been held too long in vast areas with a ring fence. It is only by opening up the public roads and ' putting on another screw of the land tax ' that the land will become snb divided into smaller and . more convenient areas." Water has become scarce already at Cres wick- The Oresicick Advertiser writes " Considerable inconvenience and annoyance was occasioned on Sunday afternoon, when it was found the water was turned off. Notice was given the previous afternoon that-it would be cut off at night, but few people were prepared for losing the supply by day. It appears that the reservoirs had become almost empty; consequently the local authorities deemed it. advisable to close the valve until a proper supply had run in. The shooting' affray that took place at Clunes on Saturday evening is thus described by the Ballarat Courier z—It appears that a man named Thomas Pascoe had worked fire shifts for another minernamed Uren, and on proceeding to the Buck's Head Hotel and meeting Uren, demanded the money. Angty words ensued, and Uren finally declined to pay, whereupon Pascoe drew a seven-cham bered pocket revolver and fired three shots at his creditor. One bullet struck him on the breast bone, and glided off, and the second shot struck him on the hip, which fortunately glided off also ; the third shot missed the mark- Dr. Colquhouu and' the poliee were shortly on the scene, and, after examination, it was found that little if any harm had resulted so far. The man Pascoe was arrested and lodged in the lock-up. He was brought before the bench on Monday and remanded till Wednesday. It appears that the prisoner bears a good character, and, is noted for his quiet demeanor and unobtru sive manner. . - The Secretary of the Pree Library lias, re ceived, for the use of the Institute, statistics of the colony of New Zealand for the year 1S7S; the seventh and eighth annual reporb of the Victorian Society for the"Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. 