NEWS AND NOTES. A hedge clipping-machine is one of the triumphs of modern invention. To Messrs Hornsby and Sons, England, the celebrated n firm of agricultural implement makers, a belongs the credit of designing this greatly a needed labour-saving machine, one of which has been obtained for Mr Wilson, of t St Alban's, near Geelong, by Messrs Robin- i son and Co., of Elizabeth street, Melbourne. A number of men employed in unload ing silt at Greenwich Bay, Williamstown, h for the Harbour Trust, struck work yester- i day. The men statethat the rate of wages paid for this work was 8s per pontoon for some years, and that during the late agi tations of the unemployed the rate was re duced to 7s. To this reduction they object saying that their weekly wages only average 30s, and they are now endeavour ing to have the old rate restored. About seventy eight men turned out, and until some arrangement is come to, a consider able portion of the works of the Harbour Trust will have to be suspended.-Arguas. Mr Alexander Marks, J.P., one of theb commissioners for the Melbourne Inter- t national Exhibition, has just received intimation unofficially that the Japanese i Government are making extensive pre- 1 parations for the representation of the Em- I pire at the Exhibition. A sum of over 34,000 yen, equivalent to £7,000 sterling. has been .set apart for the official < expenditure, this amount being within £3,000 of that voted by the French Re public for a similar purpose. Our correspondent at Mincha West under Monday's date writes: Theharvest in this part may be said to be over. The result of the returns both with the stripper and thresher is very poor indeed, the average yield will be only from seven to I eight bushels to the acre. Everything is very dry just now. As regards the water supply, if something is not done soon to give relief to the selector, many of them will be obliged to remove to where there is water, for it is truly heartrendering to see the cattle, which a few weeks ago were in good.condition, running about the roads looking for water and finding none. The mystery of the disappearance of the boy Bolt is still unsolved, he not having being heard of since. I think the authorities are to blame for not instituting more searching inquiries into this most singular affair, for I it is certainly surprising that a boy should I be lost for over two months and nothing 7 heard of him. It being the busiest season 1 for the farmers, they have had scarce time to leave their crops to look after him, yet j hundreds did so to their credit. Yet I hear nothing of any of the police except Trooper Morris of the Terricks, trying to a solve the mystery. An enthusiastic meeting for the relief of the distress in Ireland was held in Sydney on Monday night, when about £2500 was subscribed in the room. A man died of English cholera at Syd- 4 ney on Monday,four hours after the attack. Several cases have occurred recently.. We have been informed on reliable I authority that a case of illicit communioa 1'on between prisoners and their frie-'a; been discoveredg "n netiii qchit t& h tu cr ! rqg- Yentridge within \- the last d aye. It appears that a pri a. soner named Trevarrow, who is undergoing a sentence for an offence committed at Sandhurst, has been able to hold commu nication and receive sums of money from his wife, the medium on this occasion be f ing a prisoner named Dugald Smith, n a servant at one of the officers' quar t, tars. Smith has been assisted by one or two other prisoners. On the day in ques d tion (says the TLlegraph), Warder Phelan a managed to secure one of these with a let ;: ter in his possession, before he had time to if deliver it to Smith. Trevarrow, Smith, e and the man seoured by Warder Phelan, it were at once locked up, as well as another i- prisoner, nicknamed " Tally-ho," who, we is are informed, has access to prisoners' pri u vate clothes, and is in the habit of sewing s. money in them for prisoners going away. I- It is reported that since Travarrow has been p looked up, he, has made a full confession of is the matter. By a Gladstone telegram we notice that Mr M'Eachran, of Gladstone, Queensland, one of the partners in the. experimental to shipment to England of a quantity of fresh d meat per the s. s. Strathlever, has receiv ;o ed a telegram from Mr Campbell, the re ,n presentative on board the patentees. Messrs Bell and Colman,aud for the director of the ,. process, stating that the meat had arrived , at Aden in good *order. He expects to .e, land it all safely in London. g Sad news is to hand from Wedderburn. a During the last few days large bushfires ,r have been making sad havoc in that neigh 1o bDrhood. The farms of Messrs Thomas and George Morecroft, Teetgen and Boh mersaohes are at present burning. Several t miles of fencing have already been destroy-i h d, and more is still burning. A consider d able quantity of grain still lying in the Sfields is in dangerous proximity atpresentto d the flames. Every effort is being made to beat them back, but still they are making headway. SA'Neweastie telegram in the Sydney n papers on Monday reports an extraordinary h adventure with a shark at Cooranbong. a On Saturday last a little girl named Theresa Bond, aged thirteen years, waI bathing in a small bay near Dora Creek., a Lake Macquarie, in comparatively shallow water, when a large shark suddenly seized Sher by one of the legs, dragging her under o the water. A younger selater of the child, Shappening to be close at hand attacked the brute, compelling it to re lease its hold, and assisted her sister to shore. The nature of injury the child a received indicated a narrow escape. The n back tendon of one leg was completely a severed, and three deep teeth wounds were marked in her instep. The s ifferer was a conveyed to Wallsend for' medical treat. sent on Saturday evening, and thence, by r advice of Dr. ash, who considered that a It might be sry to resort to ampu Stationshe we Newcastle About half-seven o'elock yesterday morn- A ing the dead body of a man was found floating in the Yarra, near Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, Richmond. The body did bi not appear to haive been long in the water, la and on the deceased's pockets being ex- ol amined a railway ticket bearing date 8th bi inst was found. The body was removed to o0 the morgue, where it was subsequently ft identified as that of a man named William ti Haynes, a carpenter living in Lynch-alley, P off Post-office, who has been missing from a his home since Saturday morning. An ci inquest will be held on Tuesday.---Arygs. ai A young man named Isaac Horne, a resident of White Hills, whilst returning from Axe Creek on horseback in company with another lad, was thrown heavily to e the ground near the Back Creek bridge through the horse stopping suddenly. He was picked up and found to be insensible. e Assistance was procured, and he was con veyed to Dr. J. Boyd's surgery, ahere it was found that his upper lip had beez out about an inch and a half, and his face and ear were also cnt. The injuries were at tended to, and he was taken home. On.Saturday evening the monthly meet ing of the Bendigo Agricultural Society was held in the Albion Chambers for the purpose of making arrangements for the Autumn Show, Mr Sterry being in the chair. The report of the sub-committee on the schedule of prizes was received and adopted. It was decided that the Finance committee should solicit subscriptions from the public in order that special prizes might be given. The following gentlemen were elected to act as judges :-Class A, agricultural and dairy produco-Messrs Nicholas, Langdon, Stewart and Webb. Second section of the same class, dairy produce-Messrs Matchett, Lane, Todd, Hemming and J. M'Clelland. Class 3, vegetables--Messrs Maher, Sutton and Brewster. Class C, fruit-Messrs Nelson, Knight and Schroder. Class C, section 12--3essrs King, Moss and Sterrick. Class D, beer-referred to brewers to ap point their own judges, which must be done a month previous to the show. Class E, implements and machinery-Messrs M'Lydns, Nicholas, Roberts and Stewart. Class G, flowers-Messrs Holdsworth, Redpath and Laidlaw. It was resolved to give priles for hunters, hackneys, and ladies' palfreys ; and a Sports' committee consisting of Messrs Hoffmeyer, Jackson and Sterry, were requested to make the necessary arrangements for the horse rac ing and jumping. The meeting then ad journed. John Pesrybingle in the Weekly Times thus writes :-The funniest performers in a nigger show are the corner men ; and, hang me, if I don't think in politics it's the same. The " Corner" men are always up to some little game. They are good on platforms, just like their burnt-cork brethren, and as to planking it, why, you can't match them. They have laid down a platform now which is about the most sensible yet proposed for settling the re form question. Of course, the ,h?.p -'-.- will father it, and ita,, about a pound to a "imoa orange that Berry takes " a hint," and so alters and patches up his scheme as to make it a sort of cross between the Cor ner and the Liberal platforms. The Age has made an estimate of the yield of gold for the colony for the past year by taking the amount of gold exported in 1879, the amount received at the Mint and the balance of gold held by the dif ferent banks on the 31st December. The yield for 1878 was 753,793 ozs and for 1879 716,125 ozs, a decrease of 37,668 ozs. No official returns have been published yet by the Mining Department. A. new coffee palace was opened Mon. day afternoon in Flinders street west by the Mayor of Melbourne. His Honor Sir r WV. F. Stawell and Mr Matthew Burnett a were present, and delivered short addresses. With reference to the question of con signing wheat for export direct to either Williamstown or Sandridge Pier, a by-law s has been framed by the Railway Depart f ment, providing that grain conveyed from the Spencer street station, and not requir t ing ,re-loading or re-consigning, shall be charged at the rate of 2a 3d per ton. If 1 the grain, however, has to be re- loaded Sanod re-consigned the charge is 2s Gd per ton. This alteration in the mileage rate has been in operation for a week, and a largely availed of.-.?ge. P The Stamp Act is answering very wel as a means of bringing in the revenue, and the cost of management promises to be small. Since the 1st of the year the daily receipts have ranged from £600 to a £1,000, which is above the average re \- quired to make uip the annual revenue a expected by the Government. But the largeness of the receipts just now is to a i great extent due to the fact that the banks \- are laying in very heavy stocks of impres \- aed paper. Already cheques to the number Sof three millions have'been stamped. The Sdemands of the banks are causing a little , pressure on the capacity of the staff, which for the sake of keeping down the cost of working, the department is not desirous of of enlarging; and it may be necessary, r when it is ascertained that the monetary institutions have been supplied with I sufficient paper for current requirements, Sto exeeute large orders covering a year's Ssupply with moderate haste.-Argus. rThe amount collected in Melbourne in I aid of the Irish Relief Fund is now over, £2,000. The following were the amounts taken up in the various Catholic Churches in Melbourne on Sunday. St. Francis,' ·'£252 10as ; St. Patrick's, £145; St. Mary's Hotham, £87 9s Gd; St. Ignatius, Rich mend, about £80. The following tele tram, dated London, Jauuary 9, from the Load Mayor of Dublin, was received bythe. M'yor aof Melbourne on Saturda "Distress increasing aid urgently req\ 'ublish in the colonies." His Eselk the Governor has consented to becom \ patron, and has forwarded a suaibsriioi o\ £20. At a meeting 'n.l night, a committee w** 