BXPLORIING* IN' WESTE1IN AUSTiRLIA, This following . paticulars of, the o'latoe o= pedition led by ?r. ,hlonii Forrest anil party are.from the Perth Inquirer.:- , - "The e'h arlieoi movements of 'the expedi tion ii ip till its arrival at Bet?gle' Bay hive already beeoon puliished..,, Tlioe :party Ieon sisted.of eight men (six:Eturopeans ' and two natives), with twenty -six horses,:audin pro: visions' sufficieniit to last for six iionth. We gather. that after leaving ]3Beagled Bay. tlio expedition travelled: through well- grassod and well-watered, but .very rouglr' country, toe thb':bsinii f ,the Fitzroy Rlivr. l'This river, at its embouihuroe i Kinigs Sound, forms a mnagnificent, body of iwater; nearly half a mile wide; with, numeirous lagoons anid small "lakes dlong its' banks:, in whicbl weoi' numbers of ;ivnatfodwl,'the rivor itself abounding,'iin.fisihesof overy: desoription. Mr. Foirrest' says "h could not' "fanciy any bletter eoitry'for settleentyi oi? ono bioliobt'tr suited'for agrieniltuial 0or pastoii? l 'purpdse'; It was "impossible t o coss. 'htloeriver .at this point witlbut a raft or boats and :theiparty rept tlid sotitlhern bank of the riv'r'witlioit fiiiding a forditig plac fors.t·o hu'hindfed inad fifty miles.. :At this distanceu a lofty l)reoipi: tatlo range; moreithan t two: thousand fooeet hi?i li abuted on" to thef:i'ivi'anild formed 'a liar, b ay meins of tohieh they li ier able to cross. ,.Up ?to this pjoint the banks on both Bides ' consisted o?;f plain,, open :country, covered withl' luxuriant vegatattion,; stietch iiig foe tliity, foitydr miles befoic the lisualr frin, e of blue ranig es~ro 't~ t t view; aIgoons woio observed helie? and there, and ,riilbtarys.:.itreamts flowirng into, thlib main river'?at' shrort'intervals left nothing to ;be desired iutthe ivwy of water:. Mr: Forrest is' of opitioii' tif sltisips'of ravei?ge tboinagoj could sail ' or steam up' the river for.,is hia drod "miles wiithout meetiinY iaintruL- : rtion 'Above thiseorossinig poin·t the :river' appiieaid to filow , thirdouli high riiingesov?dr hiih .the, horiseos could not travel, and t Mr.' ,Forrost' changed his,dioection again to the! coast, which he .r?eclied iýat Oamdoii IEar lij'ti?i' til mouth of the 'Gloiielg River. Finding. that'hliebcoastbi ii ais too -rougli for, travelling, hlie determined to cross.the high rangeos on hlie east and continuie along the taFble-lanid' to, thei, Noithorn Teorrtoryi?of South.? Aistralia.°; Iiithlis scheme h hhad inore?difflioilties to encounteer than lih anti ciitated . lie ianges wio0re"`not?Voiery ligh; but ;very,' ui'gged, and for i'the hlandred miloes th;ey seemed to ho wit1iout broiak, saddle, or. pais. ' Ini 'overy' dieobion" :they presented 'a pro'oiitai fi ce 'Orrag` iroso above :ia.r;' and, :in:; the attempt to pass thioulg the "srolks the holisoi somenebsiiui beoame so firmly ji mmtnd thiabit l'w?asin' i possible to extricate tohem'i;:; By t ?iis' iueans, aidb,'yb, lia d tiavebiiig; tn :oni.st'rso but.:of twtyoy.six evoren'.,lcill .i The ? iit besides 's tifl'oro ibioiverely firo 1 the ' oiat;,! iwhi ':wa s int;'isifie? by:thetrflectiobi foin' theli'ocltsi A.fte?rl ':fortiight w as speii:'fin ti frditlos . atomptto? a cross, tlio e wide ivits .'ia iioed and" the ::prty?y returned to theo;lFitzroy, lkeepiing about twi'nty milees''south Qftheir fiinoer i tiack,n: i 'iitravllihg :'tliib igli lovel' grassy ..country. .They, found; an ..eastern branchi flowing- into the min river in lati tude' l8 dioge. south, and this' they followed \ij't; thi'diividing' range inl longitude 127.40 dg: 'east.; Firom' this point to the boundary of the 'tvb' colonies, in longitude 129 dog., Mr. Forrest represents the country as all that the most enthusiastic squatter could desire. Boundless, open, undulating country, covered with tall grasses, inteorsected with innumner able pormanent runiing springs and rivulets, with hero and there largo lagoons covered with waterfowl; and at distaneos of eight or tell miles large rivers moving slowly on towards the ocean. There was no forest obsorvablo except on tiho immediate banks of the crooeeks and rivers. Knocked iup through sicknoss at this time, provisions were rnuning, short, horses had to be killedil for food, and, snider the circumslances, it was resolved to abandon further exploration and mnake a direct line for the telegraph wire passing from Port Darwin to Adeolaide. The party consequently piurn?ed a north east line, passing through country the sanme as that just describod, until they reached the Wickham River, and this they followed .down to its junction withl the Victoria, about fifty miles from its mouth. Thore was some dilliculty in crossing hero, owing to the numorous lagoons at the confluenceo of the rivOrs, but by returning threo miles up the Wickham they succeeded in getting over both rivers. They now shaped a course oast-north-east and travelled for sixty miles to 15.50 dog. south, whore, owing to the scarcity of water, they wore compelled to camp for somo days. This was the first tino they experienced any want of wator; and there was now no prospect of any ahead for some distance; provisions wero almost ox hliistcd, the horseOs wor re Oduccl t(o eight; the men wroe worn-out withll fatigue, haviing hadl latterly to travol by turn on foot, and sufferod at thie same time from fevor; so that, all things taken into considoration, Mr. Forrost thought tie bosut thing he could do wae to loeavo the party lherie nud push on himself ahebad to the nherost telegracph st?tion oni the overland line fobr assistanceo. 1Ie accordingly took Mr. Hilcks with him arld travelled the ilrst day twenty coven miles,. when hle camo to a largeo watoelrhole. EIarly next mornin'ig hle was again in tihe saddleo, and having riddeon sovonlty-live miles lthrough parched, dry eountry, hle stirusk tho t0olograph wire about twenty miles south of the Katihorine stfation. Tllis Wlas oni time :1st idaLy of Soiplomorb. ''lhankllful for this moe sure of sunccess, he followod tho wire niortlhl for a few miles, when lhe moet with a lineo reopairing party sundor the supoerinltoudonco of Mri. ,olnl Woods. Nourl'y all tihe mans engageld on thi overlandl telegraph line aro old bushsmsn and sympalthiso with lbushmon, so that Mri'. Forrest had no dillieulty ii introducing himiself to iMr. Woods and in obtaining all the assislanceo he required. I laving refr'oshed himself and tulken a snfli cient supplly of horses andl provisions, hlo retourned to his party without delay and found them all well, slowly recovering from the fever, and agrceably surprised to see him so soon back. They were not long 3in striking camp, and on the 19th SeptLmber they arrived at the Katherine station, two hundred and forty miles from Part Darwin, alive and well and in excellent spirits, having been exactly nine months in the bush. Here they received overy kindness from the station- master, iMr. Murray, and having remained for a few days to recruit a little they proceeded on their journey to Palmerston. Mr. Forrest's course was one hundred and ftify miles north of that tra volled by Col. Warburton, and ho calculated that he explored upwards of twenty million acres, of country, well grassed and well watered and highly adapted for depasturing 6hoop, hlorses, and cattle, while the plains along the baults of the rivers were suited for growing sugar-cane. Along the coast hundreds of natives were encountered, armed with spears and other native weapons, but they were at all times friendly. In the interior the natives kept at a distance, but the numerous bush-fires showed their proxi maity. They had evidently come previously in contact with the white man and knew the wisdom of keeooping out of rifle range." 