Itm. ? THE SEWAGE QUESTION AMD THH POLLUTION OF THE TOBEENS.—Dr. Gosse, the President of the Central Board of Health, has informed as that, previous to the appearance of our leader on this question, he had been in communication with the Hydraulic Engineer, Mr. Oswald Brown, who had already taken action with a view to abate the nuisance. He had increased the rapidity of the flow of sewage ini*> the river near the Railway Bridge so as to prevent the accumulation of stagnant waters on the flat. What, however, will be most welcome news to the public, and especially to the residents near the Torrens, is the fact that Mr. Oswald Brown hopes by the end of nest week to have the main drains connected with the sewage farm at Tam o' Shanter Belt. When this is done, the whole of the sewage which now Hows into the river from the Easiterrace and King William-road main drains will be conveyed direct to the sewage farm, and none of it will enter the river. We learn that Mr. Charles White, of Falham. has instructed Messrs. Bray & Sheridan to write to the Corporation that they will apply for an injunction from the Supreme Court against the Corporation to make them put a stop to the nuisance without it is shortly abated with this. Mr. White has shown us a specimen of the wrter obtained by him from the river, which is certainly anything but inviting. BUSH FIBES.—A fire broke oat on the western side of Mr. Ang&s;'s Collingrove Estate on Tuesday morning last, and at one time became most alarming, threatening to destroy large paddocks of thick grass where sheep and cattle were grazing. But by dint of great exertion on the part of Mr. Angas and his^men and neighbours, the ravases of the flames were checked and the fire got under, although not before a large area of land had been entirely denuded of grass and the fences had been more or less damaged. It is supposed that ths fire originated through the most culpable carelessness of the delinquent, who richly deserves to be punished not only for the damage to property but also for spoiling the Christmas holiday of a number of deserving men. MISCHIEF AND PETIT THEFTS.—Among the annoyances to which persons at the Semaphore have lately been subjected has been the setting adrift of the boats anchored off the jetty. This kind of mischief has become rather too common of late. In another column will be found an advertisement offering a reward for the discovery of the person who on Sanday night last indulged in a freak of this kind. We learn, too, that on the Proclamation Day there were several cases of pocket- picking at the Bay. No doubt the police will take a note of these facts, if they have not already done so. FIBE IN THE ANGAS RECREATION PABK.—A few nights ago the people of Angaston and suburbs were greatly alarmed by what appeared to be a large fire in their midst. Some youths heedless of law and danger had set fire to the long grass in the park with a view to improving the oval for their Christmas cricket matches, and the night being hot and the grass very dry the fire spread with greater rapidity than was anticipated, filling the air with columns of smoke and lighting up the surrounding space for some distance, and alarming all who had crops or other property tetr. I £owever, by the time these persons had ariived t j extinguish the fire it had subsided and no farther damage was done than giving a needless alarm to several persons and violating the Bushfires Act, which no doubt has not escaped the vigilant^eye of the resident trooper. SUN FIBB OFFICE.—Mr. T. D. Pearson has been appointed the Adelaide agent for the Sun Fire Office, a position resigned by Mr. J. F. Yuill when he accepted the appointment of Adjuster of Claims to the Adelaide Fire Insurers' Association in place of Mr. J. T. Turnbull, who had resigned. THB MHATABY DEIISNSTRATION AT GAWLEB. —We are requested to state that members of the Local Military Force and Rifle Association, although in uniform, will not be able to travel free on the North and Port lines of railway on Monday, January 3, when the military demonstration is to be held at Gawler. GLBN OSMOND AND FULLABTON TBAJIWAY.— There is to be a meeting this evening in connection with the proposed Glen Osmond and Fullarton Tramway Company. The meeting will be held at the Arab Steed Hotel, at 8 o'clock, Mr. R. W. E. Kenning, M.P., in the chair. WELSH SEBVICES. —Services in connection with the Welsh Free Church will be held bj the Rev. John Lloyd this evening in King's Schoolroom, Port Adelaide. COHHEBCIAL TBAVELLEBS' ASSOCIATION.—The annual meeting of the members of this Asso cia tion will be held at the Gresham Hotel this evening. FIBES AT CAMDEN AND HILTON.—A fire broke out in a grass paddock near Camdea at noon on Tuesday, and, there being a southerly wind at the time, the flames spread rapidly and burned the grass and fences in their course past Sir Thomas Eldet's and Messrs. Sherrard's and Carpenter's premises. They were stopped, however, by the saltbush. About 1 o'clock on the same day a fire occurred near the Plympton Station, aud burnt all Mr. Hancock's grass and garden, bis dwelling-honse being saved only by the strenuous efforts of himself and neighbours. This destroyed about 15 acres, but a road prevented it from goicg on to Mr. Parkin's premises. There was also a fire at Hilton about the same time, but this did not do much damage. It is supposed by the geutlem&n; to whom we are indebted for the information that the whole of this destruction of property was caused by sparks from the engine of the Holdfast Bay Railway train. THE CHIMBOEIZO. — We are informed by MfflBra. J. Stilling & Go. that the steamer T'l m H-ft Cspo T.-.wn oa tte 20th ln*t 