EffTERTAUIHENTS. THE THEATEEB, &C.; Pinafore" is attracting large crowds, and it is worth eeeing more than once. In fact, a great many people go to aee it every night, and they declare they like it better in its juvenile form than as previously played. Of the merit of the little performers there can be no question, bat, as might be expected, some of them are already showing that they are sensible of the success they have achieved. ThiB is a pity, for the very charm of their acting consists in the entire unconsciousness of acting. To Mrs. Lewis too much praise cannot be given, for without the training to which she subjected the troupe, they would have done nothing. And it would be a source of regret if the parents of these children forget the obligations under which Mrs. Lewie has placed them. On Saturday night, at the Theatre Royal, a piece with the title of" For Life, or the Foster Brothers," by Mr. Wybert Reeve, was for the first time, produced. It is in five acts, or, aa the bills give it, . in four acts and a prologue. It giveB one the notion of having been written somewhat hastily, and cannot be considered by any means as a high-class drama, even of its kind. It has, however, the merit of being Australian, and yet it is manifestly the work of an author who, although among us, has not been suffi ciently long among us to make certain of his work being a true exposition of Australian life. It tells of immigrants and their difficulties, their quarrels and' their troubles. We see them first landing at the wharf, next travelling up the country, next fleeing from an inunda tion, next in danger of their lives from a bush fire, and, lastly, making election speeches and hunting the kangaroo. And concerning the kangaroo, we are made to leam something. In the fax distance he moves with the smoothness of a railway train; in the foreground he swings like a malefactor. In any case he never leaps like kangaroos are supposed to leap. If, then, the stage really does hold the mirror top to nature, the common belief in the saltatory habits of the kangaroo is wrong. According to stage authority this animal does not jump, but be either glides or swings. The story of this play is very simple. Among the passengers of the Bhip, which brings immigrants from England, there is a young person who has been sent out by her uncle because he ytmted to, get hold of her money. She has, in some inscrutable way, been entrusted to a man and his wife, whose business it is also, in the interests of the uncle, to get rid of her. Two young men fall in love with her, one being a villain, the other a young man of irreproachable morals. To this latter Bhe is, after an indefinite period, married, and there results a little girl, who is stolen away by the villain and h\B con federates, they having just come out of prison, after Berving a sentence of five years for stealing money out of the ship, fend for other offences. The little girl is recovered, and the principal villain, for his villany is consumed in a bnshfire, after having tried to murder the little girl'8 father. This recovery of the child and incineration of the chief villain, occur at the end of the fourth act, and really terminate the action of the play. But there is another act after thiB, which serves to bring on a solicitor from London to announce to the reunited family, that the wicked uncle had died, and had left them all hin mon«r. Ttnf then it ia in this fifth act that we have the kangaroo hunt, with all its curiously interest ing particulars as to the locomotive powers of this creature. Also, we have the election speeches, and a great deal of Xantippe de monstration by the wife of the low-comedy character, so that, although there is no sub stantial connexion between this act and the rest of the play, it is a very lively act, and ends the piece in a brisk effervescing fashion. And, after all, you know, if you are amused, it is perhapB no great matter, even supposing the play to be somewhat disconnected. The audience certainly seemed to be satisfied, especially with the inundation, and the bush-fire, although neither of these was like such inundations and bush-fires as we have in this part of the world. After the inundation there was a floating away. That is to Bay, Mr. Biggs was drawn off the stage upon a kind of go-cart> with little Belle Russell Bitting upon him. And here it was optional with you to be moved to deep emotion at the critical situation intended, or titillated into laughter at its comicality. You may choose which of these feelings yon most eDjoy. You will remember that the floating away movement has been employed in several plays, notably in the "Octoroon," where Jacob M'Closkygets off on a cotton bale from the burning Magnolia. The fun in this situa tion has sometimes been that the M'Closky go-cart would not move fast enough, so that the Indian go-cart was upon it before the dramatic exigencies required that it should be. On Saturday night the go-cart rather belied its name, only as there was no Indian i in its rear it did not so much matter, and you had only to imagine that Mr. Riggs was not swimming or floating quite so fast as he ought to swim or float Unquestionably in this play of " For Life, or the Foster-brothers," there is plenty of bustle. It is not a dull play. The action, if neither expressive nor cumulative, certainly never drags. It does not loiter on the march, BO that although at the end you may feel there is not much of a story, you know you have had a good deal to inte rest you, for all that the interest is derived from materials somewhat incongruously brought together. The fun of the piece is represented by Mr. Greville, Mr. Deering, and Miss Foley. Mr. Greville is a henpecked huaband who gets into gaol, and, being out of gaol, is first a vagabond at large, and after wards a political hotelkeeper on the diggings. In each of these aspects he is, as a matter of course, overflowing with Grevillean humour. It does you good to laugh at him, and with him. HiB election-speech might be fnller of point, but, such as it is, he makes the most of it. He abounds in quaint absurdities. Mr. Deering is a Jew, who loves without hope, and he also fills up the measnre of required fulness in respect of the grotesque. Miss Foley is the object of his passion, and she is the crispest little creature poBBible, laughing, chirruping, singing, trip ping, always as if life were ever one sunny day and she were' a humanised sunbeam. The villain was represented by Mr. Carey with a fine full-bodied kind of picturesque ness. You hated him for bis villainy, but yet you had a secret admiration for his reckless ness, .his outspokenness, his earnestness. He showed the Bort of villain who might haply, under better circumstances, have been a generous-hearted fellow. It is true he steals the child, and that is the weakest part of his character, but you do not know what motive be has in (his kidnapping exploit. Altogether you come to be a good deal interested in him, so that when he is swallowed up in the bush-fire you are a little sorry for him. If the virtuous young man in the person of Mr. Appleton had not been so delightfully depicted) you might have preferred the villain to the good young man. But Mr. Appleton placed virtue in so favourable a light, that you were obliged to give it your vote and interest, and consequently your mature judgment confessed that Morris Cran ston (the villain) quite deserved his fate, when, after climbing up the rock, he fell back into the flames. Miss Anatead was the heroine for whose love thetwoyoungmen contended, and she looked quite worthy the contention. Shegaveyonthe notion of a pleasant, bright, cheery girl, the sort pf girl you would describe as " comfort able." A girl likely to render home worth living in, a happy, contented girl, who would make it the business of her life to study her husband's happiness. , Mrs. Bryer represented thp hen-pecking wife, and if hen-pepking wives peck so per* siateptly and .loudly and, in a general war, so unpleasantly as she does in this pipce. there is no wonder that some husbands go away to foreign parta and are no more heard of. Mils Lindt had no hen-pecking to do, but abe managed to make herself quite u uu pleaBant as ii she had-- little _vw as the child who W Btblen. toai^^^' ] alwayB does, childhood to appeal v«* gagtng> Finally, ot Mr. Biggs, Who, u a I course, played m Iriahmwji pU 1 disposition, who performs all aorta ofwS \ services, comes in exactly at the tishv^' in critical situations, and, in short, tS 1 himself a universal favourite to tnrfaZ' but the villains. I11 one of. the act^l appears as a German, hut whether, iot ^ 1 time being, he doubles for another tfottsctw I or he is in the diBguise of a German, dossal 1 Beem to \>e very clear. In any case, hw (fct. I man metamorphosis varieBthe bualttesj,^ ] that is probably what was intended. . Some of the scenery painted fortius ^' was new, and ii the effects were not sUthobl could have been produced, they wetepet^ j not less than the limited run of the limits' success of the piece allowed. To-night, for the farther illustration «t« Riggss versatility, we are to have ft Yankee Teamster" and " Barney the r. e! The People's Theatre has not sho " very notable novelty in the progCl?^ last mention. The combined comtl 1 Blondes and MammothB is to be followed 2 a coloured company, who will aoJrfl1 night in a piece entitled "Pomp." ? Professor Pepper goes on u St. Geow Hall calmly, pleasantly, narientifically 2 laily, and therefore successfully. ' On Monday night, at the AOnunn, u , Metropolitan Liedertafel gave a gentle^ night, being the 30th of such agreeabl* gatherings. This waB one of the best if J the very best ever given, both became the performers were of the best kind, and in tw the selection of pieces was the best al That the choral performances should be g( is only to say that the members oi the society 1 acquitted themselvesaftertheir usual fashion but, besides the part Bongs, there were soloa I by Mr. Beaumont and Siguot CeUaj, ! Monsieur de Munck, Signor Ortori and Mi Buddee were included in the list of instm'. 1 mentaliats. The particular honours oi the' evening were undoubtedly given to Cellaj, who. after singing "Non e ver" with a power, a ring, an expression, and a soil enough to carry a marble statue off its pedestal, and which set the audience cheer ing as if each one had just been presented with a thousand pounds, gave the inspiriting " Noel," which is grand enough in fa melodious rythm, to merit the distinction of being a national Bong. Truly, Signor has a voice capable of filling the listener with a pervading enthusiasm. It is a voice which might fittingly lead the chorus in a martial hymn, when the singers were soldiers match ing to protect their country's rights and liberties. In Beethoven'B sonata, played by Mr. Buddee and Monsieur de Munck, then was perhapB as fine an example of instro< mental control and expressionable capability, as could be found anywhere in the world. That there was a double encore in this case ia not to be wondered at, and even with the strongest objection to encores, this may ex ceptionally be pardoned. Everybody was glad to seeSignotOrtotiback again. His enthusiasm, his caprice, his war wardness, his eccentricity are all charming, because they are all parts of himself. He is exceptional, but then he is natural There is no affectation in what he does, and oi his ability there can be no question. When he played Marzorati's " Meeting of the Lunatics his violin went veritably mad, and his audi ence felt themselves delightfully mad also. 