CORONER'S INQUESTS. ' HILL FIRE NEAR NORTON'S SUMMIT. On Saturday, January 24, the oifcy coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an enquiry at the East Torrens Hotel, Magill, into the origin of the destructive fire which occurred at Horsnell'a Gully and its neighborhood on Tuesday, Janu ary 20. Mr. Richard Briant was chosen foreman of the jury. ' Thomas Wrafters, stonecutter, of Magill, said he rented Mr. Horsnell'a stone * quarry. On Monday, January 12, a stranger came to the quarry and enquired whether the wit ness's was the only quarry in the locality. He was directed to Mr. Pikey's quarry, and he went in that direction. He was. dark-complexioned, young, and a Scotchman. On the following Monday, he again called at the quarry, and applied for work as a cutter. He was engtiged to commence work on the next day (Tuesday) which he did. No enquiries whatever, as to his name, character, or place of residence were made. It was the custom of the trade to find out whether a man was a good ] workman before any enquiry was made. He did not appear to be very acute, and was found to be incompetent to perform his. work. At about noon all the men left the quarry for luncheon, but the man spoken of did not join them, walking away in an opposite direc tion up the gully. He had previously been in formed that he was not a suitable hand, but he showed no token of displeasure, and said he would endeavor to improve. The witness did not see a "billy-can" in his possession. Half an hour later a fire was observed in the gully, and the men hastened up to endeavor to extin guish it. The witness met the stranger coming down the gully towards the quarry, and said, "Did you start it?" The man answered "yes," and was not questioned farther, as the men were all engaged in attempting to put out the fire. Saw him half an hour after higher up the gully leaning against/the rocks, but did not speak to him, and had not; seen him since. Could not assign any reason-for the man proceeding in an opposite direction to the others, nor had he stated his object. As pre viously stated, he had no knowledge whatever of the man. By Mr. Pizey—He had soiled moleskin trousers on. He did not seem to be annoyed when told that he was unfit to do his work. He did not state that lie had been to Mr. Pizey's quarry. By Lance-corporal Ritson—Had seen a collection of timber in the gully where he supposed the fire originated. . Henry Amner, stonecutter, of Magill, said he was a partner of the previous witness, whose evidence he corroborated. He also stated that he thought the man had not liked to join the others because he was a stranger. "When he saw him in the gully the witness asked whether he had been lighting a fire. Ho said he had, aqjl a spark had caught the grass, and he could not put it out. Told him that the consequences would be serious, and gave him a wet sack to assist in getting the fire under. Gave information at Mr. Horsnell's, and afterwards Baw the man standing higher up in the gully, but after that Baw him no more The man bad no " billy" with him, and did not" smoke. .By the foreman—He had moleskin trousers and a black coat on. [The foreman here said he had met a man similar to the one described on the Magill-road on the previous day. He seemed to be half demented.] By Lance-corporal Ritson—The fire when he first noticed it was'about"200 yards from the quarry, and advanced down the golly. Saw two sticks placed together as though to suspend a pot from at the spot where he supposed that the fire started. Lewis Allington and Thomas Downs, quarry men, corroborated the previous witnesses' evi dence. The latter stated that he saw the man referred to coming down the gully. He said he had lit a fire and could not put it out. He after wards saw him running over the hill. John Newman, overseer of main roads at Magill, said that at about ten minutes past 1 in the afternoon of January 20 he saw a man dressed in a black coat and hat and soiled moleskin trousers walking at a very quick pace along the Lobethal and Magill-road. He was of dark complexion, and had a few dark hairs on his chin. He asked for a drink, which was given to him, and said, " If anyone enquires if I have gone down this road tell them' no.'" He was trembling, and was very excited. Iu reply to a question he said he had lit a fire to boil his "billy" and a spark caught the grass, and he was unable to overcome it. He also said the men at the fire had told him to clear out, and that he had cleared a place before he lit the fire. He asked what was the best thing for him to do, and the witness told him he had better inform the constable at Magill of what he had done. He then left and went on the road to.Magill. By Lance-corporal Ritson— Saw the man on the previous evening at Mr. Roberts's shop at Magill, where he purchased some saveloys and sausages, which were un cooked. He said he was going to work at one of the quarries. Charles King and William Brooks, laborers, who were'in the last witness's company, con firmed bis evidence. : Thomas Wrafters, recalled, said he and his men were in the habit of smoking both in the quarry and at the spot where they dined, but they did not smoke at about the time they saw the fire. ; Septimus V. Pizey, landed proprietor, said a fire had occurred on his property on January 20, and had destroyed about 120 acres of grazing land, and damaged from a mile to a mile and a half of fencing. His loss he estimated at £200 or £300. He had no knowledge of the origin of the fire. John Horsnell, dairyman and' market gardener, said he had hadabont 300 acres of grass and timber land rendered almost useless by the fire. His loss was about £200. ' Carl Hank, gardener, said about 50 or 60 acres of grass and timber on his property had been destroyed by the fire, causing loss to the extent of £50. • John Glendenning, grazier, said 65 or 70 acres of grass and timber land, and 20 chains of fencing, bis property, had been burnt. He thought his loss was about £80. Lance-corporal Ritson, stationed at Ade laide, said he with three other troopers had proceeded to the fire as soon as it was ob served. They had rendered all the assistance in their power, and remained until it was almost extinguished. The man mentioned had net yet been found. The coroner iu summing up said it was tolerably clear that the stranger who had been employed at Wrafter's quarry had caused the fire. He bad acknowledged that lie had doue so by lighting a fire to boil his " billy," but the witnesses bad stated that they bad not seen one in his possession, although he might have bad one without his companions knowing it. It was probable that he had lit the fire to cook the meat he .had purchased; and his reason for avoiding the other men was possibly because he had been, told that he was not a good workman, it was much to be regretted that such considerable loss had been occasioned by the man's carelessness, but he did not think there was any evidence of his having wilfully caused the fire. "Were the ,Bush Fires Act more stringent there would perhaps be fewer fires, it had been hinted that the police were not forward in giving assistance at bush"fires, but the trooper's evidence showed that, at least in this instance they had rendered assistance as promptly as possible. He had also seen the police working viery hard'at'fires'. The jury returned the following verdict:—"That the fire which started in Horsnell's Gully on the afternoon of Tuesday, January 20, was caused by a stranger who was working for Messrs. Wrafter and Amner in the quarry by great carelessness consequent on his neglect." 