BUSH FIRES. An almost regular accompaniment in our summers are bush fires, and the present season in that respect is no exception to the rule. For the past few days fires have been raging in various parts of the surrounding country, and great damage to property has resulted. A few days ago we recorded two very destructive fires in the Shelbourne district. On Christmas Day dense volumes of smoke were discernible from the city in the neighbor- hood of the Big Hill. The cause of the fire there is unknown, but it found its origin in a paddock of Mr. Seeber, and consumed the fence enclosing the land. The same fire rapidly spread and destroyed fencing and grass in the paddocks of Mr. Bisset and Mr. Buick. It is stated that the fire, which up to yesterday was still alive, had done still further damage to property. On Sunday a fire broke out on the Marong road. It travelled with wonderful rapidity owing to the high wind which existed, and soon reached Mr. Wilson's paddock, on the Serpentine road. Plenty of timely assistance was at hand and it was beaten off before any great amount of damage was done. It tra- velled, however, to Mr. Fraser's farm, and did considerable damage to out-buildings, etc., there. On the same day a fire broke out in the grass of Mr. Williams's paddock, Fletcher's Creek, caused, it is believed, by paper discharged from guns with which some boys were shooting. Assistance being readily at hand but little damage was done. The fire travelled, however, on to a grass paddock of Mr. Sterry's, and con- sumed about 100 acres of grass there as well as some fencing. Further damage there was pre- vented by a number of men, and also through a timely change in the wind, which chopped com- pletely round and driving the fire back, the fire died out having nothing left on its late course to consume. Our Elmore correspondent writes :-Sunday was one of the roughest days ever experienced here. A fiercely hot northerly wind blew all day, up till about four o'clock, when it veered round to the south, and the town was enveloped in a cloud of dust. For hours the clouds of dust raised were so dense that a bushfire that broke out about five miles west of here, on Mr Hugh M'Devitt's Barton estate, was not seen by any of the towns people till darkness had set in. When it be- came known that the fire was burning, a number of the residents left for the purpose of lending any assistance that might be required, but fortunately their services were not needed, as the fire was by this time extinguished. As far as I could hear about 1,200 acres of grass, and several miles of fencing were destroyed, however, as well as a small quantity of ripe grain which joined the grass paddocks. Happily the weather is very much cooler to-day (Monday), and there is every chance of the annual sports being a success. The crops are turning out fairly, the grain being of excellent quality. We learn from exchanges that bushfires have broken out during the past few days in various parts of the country. The Stawell correspon- dent of the Argus writes that a bush fire broke out in Wallalloo, between Carr's Plains and Glenorchy, on Thursday. The country was in a blaze for miles, and some hundreds of acres of crops were in danger. The farmers were en- gaged all Thursday night beating out the fire, but were only partially successful. Fortunately the wind changed, and blew the flames back on the burnt ground, so that they were eventually enabled to extinguish the fire. 