THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION*. OUil MGHTS, AND OUR &KSOUBOES.; SANDHURST, TUESDA Y, JAN, 6, 1S80. Crowded Out,—The demands on our space this morning prevent us from publishing any leading remarks, some letters,'aud other matters of interest. Public Meeting at Eaglehawk.—A largely attended and remarkably well conducted politi cal meeting was held last evening in the Town Hall, Eaglehawk. Messrs. H. R. Williams, J. J. Casey, aud James Muuro, Ma.L.A., ad dressed those present at length. Their remarks will be found elsewhere. A motion expressing the confidenee of the electors of Mandurang in Messrs. Williams and Casey, was carried by a large majority. After the meeting had termi nated, a branch of the newly established Liberal Association of Victoria was formed. A large number of those present handed in their names as members. The Minister of Railways.—The lion. John Woods, accompanied by the lion. J. M. Grant, Minister of Justice, arrived here last night by the 7.50 p.m. train from Melbourne, with the object of proceeding on to Iuglewood to ascer tain the railway requirements of the surround ing district. During the time intervening be tween the arrival of the Melbourne train and the departure of the Iuglewood one, the Minister of Railways paid a visit to the locomotive de partment of the station and hastily inspected the new engine-shed now being erected. Licensing Court.—Mr. Webster yesterday granted a transfer of the license of Punch's Hotel, Golden-square, from John Evans to Frederick Stebbing. W. Cullingford was granted a temporary license to sell liquor at the Cricket Ground, Back Creek, from the 7th to the 14th January. A Strayed Child.—At the Oddfellows' Pic nic (writes our Marong correspondent) which was held in the local police paddock on New Year's Day, a little girl got separated from her friend, and was forlornly wandering amongst the crowd until she was kindly taken in charge bv Mrs. Wm. Couche, the wife of our local constable, i'y dint of inquiry the father of the little wanderer was at last found, and towards evening Mrs. Couche had the pleasure of restor ing the stray waif to iLa parent, who expressed his gratitude to ita kind protectress in very feeling terms. The Fire in Bridge-street.—Mrs. Carroll returns her thanks in an advertisement to those persons who kindly asr-iste.l in putting out the conflagration at her storc in Bridge-street early yesterday morning.. Satisfactory Termination to as Un pleasant CHARGE.—The charge of rape pre- ferred against a man named John Wearne by a young lady named Mary Ann Wilcox has ter- minated most satisfactorily to the parties in terested, as on Saturday evening the nuptials of the two were celebrated with the usual cere- mony. This fact was announced in the police court yesterday, when the case was called on. Mr, Wearne immediately received his dis charge. The world-wide aphorism of " All's well that ends well" has again received exemplification. Bcsh Fire.—fhe \tc£iSe volumes of smoke in; various directions around the city,denote the existence of several bush fires, som^ of, them being apparently of considerable magnitude. Yesterday afternoon, great .masses of smoke I were seen risin'g from the plains in the direction of Barnedown, where a very extensive bush-fire was believed to exist. ^ j Riotous Behavior-.—The young larrikin Henry Dawson, to whose disgraceful Conduct allusion was made at length in yesterday's issue, was brought before the bench at the Police Court yesterday charged with three j offences. The charges were specified as follows:— Wilfully breaking a pane of glass valued at £7, the property of F. Gromν, of View Point; unlawfully assaulting one Antonio Villi, and assaulting Senior-constable Qleeson in the exe cution of his duty. The police applied for the cases to be remanded for a week, as several necessary witnesses had to be subpoenaed, The remand was accordingly allowed. Fire at Grass? Flat.—It will be remem-f bered that in yesterday's issue it was pientioned that the watchman at the look-out tower in the Camp Reserve on Sunday night saw a "glare in the direction of GrasBy 'Flat, which he was of opinion indicated the burning of some tenement in that direction. The fire was, however, ho far away from the city that he very iproperly refraiued from giving the altera. «td tnus un necessarily calling out tb'e brigades. On in quiry yesterday . it Was ascertained that a small three-roomed slab house situated near the Lower Grassy Flat Reservoir had been burned to the ground, nothing being left standing but the chimney stack. The place belonged to Mr. Grme, of Sandhurst, and was unoccupied. The cause of the conflagration is attributed to the carelessness of a swagsmau who camped there that night. As I.\CoP.R!C»irsLE YoUTii.—A yoiing lad . named Richard O'Gtadv Was sent to gaol fori three months With hard labor yesterday by the magistrates at the police, coiirt 'for stealing '30s. from a man ■named 'Calling residing at the I Sheepwaslr. 'fne eVhteffce was most conclusive against the ptisoner. He was drinking with I the prosecutor at. the Junction Hotel, Glodeti . ; fleece, on the 14th ult., when ihe Uti'r Toil asleep and on awaking mi'wc'A the money. O'Gradv acknowledged Having stolen the money wheii Wren with the theft, and promised to rt£o'ilp Callinan if he would accompany him to his mother's place, the Cumberland Hotel, Lyttleton Terrace. He accordingly proceeded with the youth to the hotel named, but whilst Callinan was waiting for him in the street be jumped the fence at the back and ran away, •; Information was then given to..the police, .'and ■ O'Grady was arrested. Mr. Wrikoii appeflted for the accused, but after listening to the testi rfton'y, tiirefr his 'client upon the mercy of the court, with the result stated. The lad ha^ pre viously served three months' imprisonment for larceny. Parental neglect is evidently the cause of his leading such a guilty life, and the case is all the more sad, as on arriving ;it a certain age he is entitled to a large sum of money be queathed to him by his father. Eaglehawk Public Library.—The usnal monthly meeting of the Eaglehawk Public Library was held on Saturday evening, when there were present Messrs. Hay Itirkwood, Ellis, J. F. Williams, Leslie, Sjiier-, Murdoch, Buruside, sad Tolhurst. CorreEpondtiice was read, and tha librarian's vipol't received. Bills were passed for payment to the amount of £13 lis. 0d> Mr. J. F. Williams moved "That the aUnual meeting be held on the first Saturday next month." Seconded by Mr. Murdoch, and carried. The entertainment in aid of the above institution was, considering the t\i>sen'6ss of the holidays, a marked success-, and tlie coftiinitte'e begged to return theft siricere .tfeapk's t'A tWotre ladic3 and gentlemen Wl)6 So ■ titlly rendered as3istanc'e on th&t; Wp'S&slon;, also to the com mittee. On tile motion of Mr. Kirkwood a ■fole of thanks was passed to Messrs. Spier, Williams, etc., for their able aid iu getting up the concert, the profit on which was £10 5s. 3d. Matriculation and Civil Service Exami nations.—At the recent examination fa\irbalidt didates were presented frbih tha Central State School, via.-^H. j. £atT, A. H. Merrin, Alan Meuuell-, and G. A. Petrie, the second passing With credit in two subjects, and the third and fourth with credit in one each. The first three were presented for examination in six subjects, ; aud the last in five with the following results 1 —H. J. Carr passed ill French, English, latin, j arithmetic, aud algebra, A. B'. Merrin passed in I English, lati-ij ewrlid, aud geography, with credit ! in •a.lgebrt -Mid arithmetic; Alan Meudell passed | in Freiich, English, arithmetic, jeography, with credit in algebra; and G. A. Petrie passed in [ English, geography, algebra, euclid, with credit ! in arithmetic. This in the firBt lot of cattdi* dates presented from this school, and it must bo congratulated on 6Uch satisfactory results* Stone Throwing.—An titjiteUAliy heavy j penalty was impose*! at the Police Court yester- | day by Mi\ Webjter, P.M., upon a stone throWing delinquent. An elderly lady residing | iu Bridge-street, named Mrs. Catherine Goonan, proceeded against a little boy named John | Marshall for the offenae named, • Mr. Motteram appeared for tho complainant, and stated that his olietit had had to Appeal _ to thil politta very frequently for protection owing to th# an noyance ehe Was subjected to. Tlie offence com plained of took place on.Christmaa EvlSi Whilst Mrs. Goonan was standing it tier garden gate she saw ilie boy Marshall deliberately throw a stbhte at her. The missile, however, did not strike her. It was endeavored to be shown for the defence that an ill feeling existed between the prosecutrix and the defendant's parents, but the bench considered the case proved, aud iu fiicte'd a fine of £1, with £1 3s. 6d. costs, or in default fourteen days' imprisonment. During the hearing of the case Mr. Wrixon.who appeared for the defence, asked the prose cutrix, after she had detailed her evidence, what time of the day were the stones thrown. "Faith, it wasn't the time of day at all," was the response; "it was the time of night, It was nearly ten o'clock." She further volun teered the statement that "no boy evei offeuded me before but Marshall's son, although I have been 20 years in Victoria." Serious Buggy Accident.— Our Inglewood correspondent says:—On New Year's Day an accident happened to Mr. J. F. Klein, which was a remarkably narrow escape from a fatal termination; Mr. Klein had driven out to his Hope Creek farm in the buggy, to which were harnessed a pair of ponies, there being in the vehicle besides himself Mrs. Walls, of Ingle- wood, accompanied by two of her daughters Barbara and Mary—aged respectively about twenty and five years; As they were leaving the farm, one of the ponies gave a sudden plunge forward, and snapped the poll in two, the sharp ends of which pricked both animals, causing them to bolt. Mr. Klein put on the brake, and stuck to the reins manfully, until at last the buggy, going into a hole which had beeu sunk in the road for water, it capsized, the occupants being thrown with great violence in various directions. Mr, Klein, on coming to, found his three companions lying unconscious, but they soon came round, and some men at the farm, who had wit- nessed the accident from a distance, arriving on the scene, their immediate want3 were attended to. Mrs, Walls was the worst injured, she having fallen on her face, which is terribly bruised, and sustained a slight wrench of the neck. Her two daughters _ wers badly bruised on various parts of the body. Mr. Klein received an injury to the calf of the right leg, which for the present prevents him walking, besides some injuries to the head. All the suf ferers are progressing favorably. Painful Accident.—The other day a nasty accident happened to Mr. Wardell, school teauher of Woodstock. He was cutting some timber, and by an unfortunato move the axe descended on the middle of the foot and inflicted a large wound, cutting some of the tendons. He was driven into Kangaroo Flat, where Dr. O'Donnell sewed up the wound. It is believed the patient will be permanently lamed in the injured foot. Disastrous Fire at the Serpent;nr.—Our travelling reporter says:—On Friday a serious fire occurred at tho selection of Mr. Con naughton, near the East Loddon station, by which he has lost the whole of his year's crop. The fire broke out in the wheat stack, which was totally destroyed, and then spreading to the haystack, that also was consumed. Much sympathy is felt for the loser, who is highly respected by his neighbors as a hardworking, persevering man, and has a large family. Masonic Hall —The interesting lecture ou the " Life and Writings of Byron," to be de livered on Friday evening next by Mr. Thomas Stewart, in the above hall, promises to bo highly successful, as a large number of tickets have beeu sold by the agent, Mr. Charles MacMahou. The Shcppartotl New in speaking of the talents of the lecturer, states:—"His ap pearance as a lecturer has created agreeable surprise. The lecturer briefly touched upon the ancestry, childhood, and boyhood of Byron up to the publishing of his unfortunate ' Hours of Idleness.' Mr. Stewart theu with much originality and eloquence, touched on the merits of Byron's subsequent works, from which the audience were favored with the more remark able specimens, by being given as recitations by thff lecturer himself. Mr. Stewart spoko foi nearly two hours, aud was listened to^with rapt atitntiou throughout. It was one of the most brilliant displays of histrionic and platiorm eloquence we remember iu this part of the country. Destructive Fire in Mitchell-street.— .Last night at about half-past eleven o'clock a fire brake out on the premises occupied by Miss Emma Pallett, eldest daughter of tho late Mr. George Pallett, of Forest-street, as a fancy goods shop, situated in the Bath Corner build ings between Coope's and the New.Lead.drAjjety. store. The fire was first discovered by a person who„h£pl?ehod to be passing, who at once £&Ve; tiie alarm to other persons in tho Vicinity. The premises were broken into, and ,the fire, -which appeared to have originated under the counter, was found to envelop the whole room. The City brigade, under the charge of Captain Bunbury, was promptly in attendance, and together with the No, 1, rendered most valuable assistance. The Temperauee brlgitdo was also present. By their united efforts the flames wero in a few miliUtcS Subdued, and a most disastrous conflagration averted. A stock, the property of Mr. Ross, of the Now Lead, insured to the extent of £4,500 in the Royal Company, was only separated from Miss Pallett'a shop by a wooden screen, and in a couple of minutes would have been at tho mercy of the flames, the seroen having itself becomo ignited. The members of the brigades before mentioned, and the City in particular, are to be highly complimented on their exertions, to which the safety of Mr. Ross* stock is entiwly due. Miss Pallett is unablo to acount for the cause of thtt fire, nb light having been in the; shop eihoa Saturday last. The shop was closed shottly aftet seven o'clock yesterday evening; Some notches were left on the Counter, and it is probable the fire is due to this fact and the number of mice infesting the premises. The Stock was insured in the Norwich Union Com pany for £250. Week "of Special Prayer.—Services of special prayer ifl Connection with the Sandhurst Minister's* Association were held last night in tho Baptist Church. The presiding minister, the Rev. J. King, took for his subject : "Prayer, Thanksgiving, and Praise." Similar services were conducted in tho Wesleyau Church, Golden-square, by the Rev. J. Gregson, Each service was Very well attended. Sandhurst United Benefit Club.—A meeting of the ab ve club was held last cVen' ing at Hogg's London ami Dublin Hotel. Several new inembers were admitted, and pay tnettts Oaifte in very satisfactorily. Any iufor- : mation concerning same can bo obtained from ■ Mrs. Hogg. .. . . >■ DisVREss Is .TrelAS"p.—The, mayor, Mr. J. : A. Woodward, in compliance with the request of several citizens, has convened a public meet ing to be held in the Town Hftll on Thursday evening next, at Right o'clock,, for the. purpose of making'arrangements for raising a fund for tin1, relief of the distressed poor in Ireland. Royal Princess Theatre.—The Victoria Loftus Troupe appeared again last evening at the Princess Theatre, when the performance was tho same as that produced last Satutday evening. The various characters were sustained very cleverly by the several performers-, and "The Naughty Duchess" wAa excessively amusing to the audieilce'., The s&g;* Which in terspers'e the pieces: wore well given. The "Parisian 'Quadrille :>_ referred to in our yester days isstio as an objectionable feature in the entertainment was very properly omitted from the performance last eveningand it should always be borne in mind by the company that plenty of amusement can be afforded to ail audi ence without an unseemly or coarse display either in words or actions. Billiards.—The Sydney correspondent of the Anju.i says that a billiard match came off on Thursday night between J. Byrne, the Melbourne champion (formerly of Sandhurst), and A. J. M'Dnnald, of r)a!by. The Victorian gave his opponent 200 points iu 1,001. and won by 140 points. Tub Uhrbrock JJfesfcfrij.—M'rs. tjhrbrock tenders her tkahks on behalf of herself, husband, &nd; family, to all who were connected with the late benefit performance given on their behalf. She desires to express her great apureciation of the efforts of the S.E.S, Minstrels on the" occasiou. Wee!1 OV SpectAl PraYer.—in connection I With the 'above and the Sandhurst JJlljiijtfeirV Association, public setrSc^s Will lie held this eyenillgJA bf. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Myfers'-street, when an address will be de livered by tho Rev. S. Williams, ou "National blessings, our rulers, and all orders and con ditions of men." The Rev. T. E. Ick, M.A., will also deliver an address on the same subject in tbe United Methodist Free Church, itro'ttijarli, this eve'ui'fl<*. ^ ' . —There was no change in the weather yesterday, which was again very hot. There was a light south wind blowing, which tempered the heat somewhat. After nightfall the air was pleasantly cool. From the appear ance of the eky last night, there is every likelihood of a change shortly. The thermome ter registered at Messrs. Joseph and Co.'s, Pall Mall, as follows:—9 a.m., 84°; 12 a.m., 99 ; 3 p.m., 101°; 6 p.m 90°; maximum, 106°; minimum, 56°. Barometer—9a.m., 29.280: 6 p.m., 29.260. The Harvest at Perricoota.— In this settle ment (writes a correspondent) nearly all the wheat is in the bag. The average number of bushels to the ad re will be about 12. The grain is in Very good condition, and goss about 641bs. to the Imperial buehei, About twice the num ber of adfes j« Under crop this year to that culti vated iu 1877. The timbered land is about fifty_ per cent, better than the plain land. Scarified laud is better than ploughed by ten per cent. Commencing at the extreme west side of this district we find Mn It. Moulton with two paddocks of wheat) one gave a return of £4 bushels to the acrp, and tho second gave j 11 bUshelo to the acre; Mr. Dawaon got 18 bushels to the aCre> Mr. Rogers &0t 1(3 bushels good iVheat, and Mr. C, Varcoe got a return of from eleveu to twelve bushels to the acre of plain littd. Good returns were also obtained by Keech and Littlewoorl, likewise Littlewood Bro3. came in for a fine crop. All these farmers ULe strippers, eo.-.bling them to work very cheaply—the striking of binders for 14s. a day is unknown here.—lliverine Herald. An Asiusixg Electio.x Meeting.—The fol lowing amusing account of an election meeting at Tylden, held by one of the probable candi dates for Dalhouaie ou New Year's Day, is furnished by the local correspondent of the Ki/neton Guardian:—" The boy politician, J. P] T. Cauhield, otherwise known as the boy Beaconsfield, from his making use of some of that nobleman's remarks, and then stating that the earl agreed with him, took advantage of the Tylden races and called a meeting at Walsh's hotel for that evening, at eight o'clock, there being about 60 present, Mr. Wilson took the chair and briefly introduced the lecturer, who rt-as received with laughter and clapping. He informed the audience in a long, rambling, and unconnected speech that, he was in favor of making a separate grant to the Catholics, as the acl \vaft framed in diiect opposition to and in a spirit of malice against them as a class; During his speech the lecturer was frequently in terrupted by peals of laughter, and was about to be demolished, together with the chairman, by two hot-headed Irishmen when two troopers made their appearance. Aftci order was restored the lecturer went on to say that farmers' unions were formed, not to benefit the farmers, but to assist a Conservative Govern ment by low, mean tactics. During this peroration the speaker was incessantly inter rupted, and had hard work to prevent his manuscript from being taken. At this juncture the chairman left the room, saying he was going to a daace, ajd the speaker was left unsupported. He (the lecturer) next proceeded to denounce the banks and advocate a national bank of issue. Some of the audience showed their appreciation of these remarks by dancing a polka to the music of a flute, amidst much iaughter. After order was again restored, the chairman made his re-appearance, when the lecturer proceeded to denounce squatters, eulogise Mr. Lougmore, and blackball Mr. Munro. At this point the audience lost ail patience, and would hear no more, and Mr. Caulfiela had to close abruptly. However, he asked if any one wished to ask any questions, but the chairman vacating his position, and the ' Caledonians' being danced, half-a-dozen knotted together and asked tho speaker if he in tended to contest that constituency. Ho Baid he did if no better man came forward. They were not represented, he said, by Mr. Duffy. He went in under false colors. He had bought a station near Colac, and being a squatter lie was not fit to represent them. These remarks were received very savagely by the people. Mr. Caulfield expressed his regret that Mr. J. G. Duffy was not present, a3 he wished to ask h:m Bome questions." The Post and Telegram Departments.— Mr. J. B. Patterson was present at the letter carriers' aoiric, which was held on Saturday evening at Hockins', and iu responding to the toast that had been drunk iu his honor, claimed for tho Postal department that, within the last 18 months, it had been broughtinto such a state of efficiency that it could not be excelled by any postal system iu the world. He referred to the. manner in which the Stamp Tax had been brought into operation at rery short notice as a proof of the efficiency of tho department. He expressed his belief that the officials were quito capable of undertaking many additional duties, and announced his inteution, if he should be afforded the opportunity, of combining the in suranco business with the Postal and Telegraph departments.—Argus. In our busine-s columns it is announced that Mr. W. Langford has bean admitted as a partner by Mr. J. XV. lvymer, the wei.-known solicitor of Harkor'a Chambers, Pall Mull. Mr. Langford had for some time been articled to .Mr. Rymer, and was admitted to the bar in December last. The business will be now carried on uuder the style of Rymer and Langford, solicitors, conveyancers, and proctors. Sirs A. Casey, of Mona Villa, View-street, giv«s netico by advertisement that aha will resume tuition of music and sin'.'imj on the 12th instant. An examination of persons desirous of qu -lify ing themselves to teach music in State Schools is to be held at school No. 1,976, Sandhurst, on Thursday, tho 5th February, at ten n,m, 