NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, SATURDAY. Michael Rash intends selling on his store and property at Rocky Mouth, and will pro* ceed home on his own account to compete for the rowing championship. He will follow Hanlan to Toronto if necessary. Mrs. Kate Dalgetty has been found dead in her lodgings on the Glebe-road. A bottle of chloral hydrate was discovered near the body. SYDNEY, MONDAY. A rich leader struck by Bourke's party at Temora has caused intense excitement. It is supposed that the lead has been pegged off for miles. Mr. Moreton, coachbuilder, of West Mait land, was seen yesterday sitting on the bath steps. He disappeared mysteriously, and his body was afterwards found in the river An open verdict of death by drowning was returned. Joseph Jolly has been committed at Bourke for attempted robbery under arms at a station 150 miles from Bourke. SYDNEY, TCESDAT. Evans, the Lands Office clerk who was recently brought from San Francisco, has been committed for trial for forgery. A large number of Sydney people are leav ing for the Melbourne Exhibition. The persons charged with personation at the late elections have all been fined £50 or six months' imprisonment. The Rev. Canon Smith has returned from Europe with his health much improved. He resumes his duties at Bathurst Cathedral on Saturday. Mr. Hawkins has been appointed chief of the trigonometrical staff. In Bourke's claim at Temora, 5ft. of rich washdirt on the top of a rich leader was found yesterday, and fully 8ft. alongside the reef in which the leader was Btrack. It has developed 37ft. wide. SYDNEY, WEDNESDAY. The railway extension to Cobar has been stopped by the drought, and the contractor has been compelled to send teams away. The Government have decided to mount the telegraph messengers on tricycles instead of horseB. A large hotel on the American plan is pro jected by a joint stock company. They have secured a splendid site opposite the Union Club. Archbishop Vaughan received news by the mail of his father's death. The drillings from the bore on the Cale donia Reef, Temora, assayed 9oz. to the ton at the Bank of New South Wales. When Wilkinson, charged with the murder of Mentz and his daughter at Jindera, reached Wagga he was recognised as James Burt, who was sentenced in 1870 to ten years for robbery under arms. Mr, Justice Hargreaves remarked at that time on Wilkinson's bad face, when the prisoner replied, " Next time the offence will be more serious." SYDNEY, THURSDAY. The ketch Alice Templeton, after being two days out, has put back, the captain having died suddenly. The City of New York left San Francisco on Tuesday a day late. The Municipal Conference of Newcastle have decided to aak the Newcastle authori ties to reduce the licence fees in order to avert a strike amongst the licensed vehicles. A heavy thunderstorm occurred at Bourke, but hardly any rain fell. The River Darling is reported to be rising there. The Government have appointed assistant school-attendance officers for the metro politan district under the compulsory clauses of the new act. Their duties are to com mence next month. Dargin, the bank defaulter, was discharged to-day, the bank being fully covered for hiB deficiencies. Trooper Dommel has died at Paterson from the effects of a fall from his horse. A lighter Bank near the steamer Potosi yesterday with 90 tons of tin for that vessel The divers commenced to rtuse it to-day. Alderman M'Elhone has resigned his seat in the municipal council. The intensely hot weather is general throughout the colony, with bush-fires and dust-storms. Arrived.-Elamang, s.s., from Brisbane; Gunga, s.s.,from Fiji; Dancing Wave, from Mackay. Sailed.-Esk, s.S., for Launceston ; Sopho cles, for London. ALBURY, TUESDAY. In consequence of the insecure state of the local gaol, the man Henry Wilkinson, charged with the murder of Martin Mentz and Mary Pumpa, at Jindera Gap, was to day removed to Wagga Wagga for safer custody. He was taken up in charge of two constables in the police cart to Gerogery, and thence by rail to Wagga. 