Extensive BustL Fires The recent hot weather has caused many bnsh fires in the country, and some of them haye been most disastrous in their results. The North-eastern district and around Ararat have been the scenes of the largest fires, but from all parts of Victoria we hear of conflagrations of more or lees extent. The following particulars are supplied by our own correspondents, and from our country ex changes : — KILMORE, Tuesday. A terrific bush fire originated' to-day at the Wattle Gully, MTvor road, which threatened the total destruction of Mr. Malachi Seymour's dwelling and wheat fields, i A number of willing neighbours, however, saved both. Sergeant Deasy despatched several constables, who were ably assisted by others from Kilmore. The fire is still raging in the direction of Glenarona station. NAG AMBIE, Wednesday. Bush fires are still raging on the east side of the railway line. Men were busily engaged patting them out; some till a late hour this evening. Mr. J. Breen lost twelve bales of wool. Mr. J. Leydon had all his crop burnt, and Mrs. O'Grady part of hers. Mr. Walker, butcher, of Nagambie, had great damage done to his slaughter yards. The fences are burnt fori miles around, as also the grass. Bush fires are extending from Murchison to Hughes's Greek. Mr. Morgan, near Arenel# had three stacks burnt. . , - ECHUCA, Webnesday. A passenger by last night's train from Mel bourne informs the Riverine Herald that on the journey from town, during the afternoon ancl evening, numerous bush fires were ob served in various districts all along the linA At Woodend, a farmer, just returning frobi the metropolis, was met by a mes senger from his home, who informed him that his crops were on fire, and that all! efforts to save them had been unavailing. Between Elphinstone and Castlemaine huge volumes of smoke were seen ascending from the thickly timbered country te the eastward. Immensedestruction of property would appear to Ihave been caused by a great fire raging between Elmore and Rochester. At about midway between those towns the whole country for many miles, presented one vast sheet of flames, which -could be seen extend ing away to the westward as far as the eye could reach. The sight is said to have been one of a startling character, and at present it is impossible to say how much damage has been done in the Rochester and Elmore districts. A fire was also raging within the vicinity of the hitter town, and great excitement was caused by its neat ap proach to valuable property. The allotments of land on the west side of the line near the goods shed were all on fire, and miles of fencing had been consumed by the devasta ting element. Hundreds of men were en gaged in the difficult task of endeavouring to extinguish the flames, but without success up to a late hour. It was a fortunate circum stance that there was only a gentle breeze blowing, but slight as it happened to be, it Was sufficient to cause "the fire to extend and increase in viojfence almost beyond the possi bility of arrest until it reached some break in the timbered land. 1 "i1' ; j > ' / ' KYNETON, 'Wednesday. A serioiis fire ocburfedfe the neighbour- hopd of ferftringfield yesterday afternoon (says the (hiarjdian) which destubybd a consider- able amofimt of property, and threatened at ' one stagj 0f its career to lay waste the whole Lr. \- 1 ' 1 ' L-J-. ' of tbe cquntry lying between that locality and Wooderid and . the : Macedon Ranges. From what we can learn) it appears that while two men 'were engaged' trimming a ' stack of straw in Mr.' Bowyer's paddock, on the opposite side of the "main Mount Alex ander road to that on which is situated his homestead, thie straw suddenly 'ignited; and , the fire spread across the paddock, which was well stocked with inflammably dry grass, and across the hill, covering the whole of the space from the top of the hill to the road fencing, which it burnt, in one' mass of flame and smoke. It proceeded thence along the fence to Mr. Savage's paddock, where it de stroyed some fourteen acres of first-class barley crop which had already been cut and stooked. Little or no effective opposition had been offered to the progress of the fire ; up to this point, owing to the absence of men, but the fire gradually becoming known in the district, the farmers for miles round hurried to the scene, accompanied by their employes, and an active body of men, working in two batches under the direction of Mr. W. 1 Dwyer and Mr. James Orr, met the enemy at this stage, and did yeoman service. Along the track over which the fire had passed masses of burnt and burning timber were visible everywhere, and at short intervals large trees came down with a thundering crash that outvied the roar of the unmanageable flames, aaid the smoke and sultry fumes filled and made the air, which was already dis agreeably hot, quite oppressive. Assistance was arriving from every direction, and it was sorely : needed. ' Further down the road, in ! the direction of Woodend, the flames out- paced the beaters, and took a strong hold on one of Mr. Moubray's paddocks, where it destroyed a quantity of valuable grasses and fencing, and crossed over the Mount Alex- | anderMain Road, to the surprise of every body, and caught the heavy log fencing which lines the road on the other side, along which it proceeded, destroying everything as it went, to near Air. Moubray's household. At this point a large body of men were actively engaged under the direction of Messrs. Froomes and Moubray, of Woodend, making a gap in the log fencing, thinking by this means to stop the fire, the beaters having succeeded in suppressing it at all the other dangerous points. A couple of chains of log fencing were removed, and after some hard hot work the men at this point suc ceeded in their endeavours. On the Spring field side the fire had burnt everything before it as far as Springfield itself, where a large body of men under skilful manage ment succeeded in obtaining the upper hand, and suppressed it. The fire extended from the top of the hill to the road, along which it proceeded for upwards of a mile and a half, burning every fence met with, including the roadside fence, Which was principally composed of heavy logs. - A strong hot wind was blowing at the time, and had it not been for the skilful management dis played by the gangs of men who were employed at the scene of the fire, the consequences would, have been disastrous indeed. As it is, a considerable amount of damage has been done, but fortunately only a small portion of crop has been consumed. The origin of the outbreak is unknown, and it is stated that the men who were engaged at Mr. BoWyer's straw stack in no way contributed to or occasioned it. Mr. W. E. Hughes, who saw the fire, describes the scene as a magnificent but terrible sight. We learn of similar fires at Mia Mia, MTvor, Blackwood, and other points of the surround ing district, and that the damage is likely to be, altogether, very serious. Mr. James Barry, while riding to Kyneton from MTvor yesterday, was compelled to turn back, after j having come some miles upon the road, to take shelter' from the flames, whtch crossed the road in several places, and demolished standing and stooked crops, and even the large trees which lined the roadside, as if it were all tissue paper. The heat was very oppressive, and it is feared that the destruc tion of property is considerable. ROCHESTER, Wednesday. The residents of Rochester were yesterday morning (says the Express ) surprised by the appearance of dense clouds of smoke rising in the north. Early in the morning afire broke out in Mr. Sweetman's paddock, about a mile from the township, and spread at a rapid rate, extending to Messrs. Macpherson and Brown's selections. The fire first -des troyed about forty tons of straw, the pro perty of Mr. Sweetman; and then took pos session of Mr. Macpherson's paddocks, burn ing up the grass and damaging the fences. = Parties went out from Rochester during the day for the purpose of extinguishing the flames, but the fire had got such a hold that" it could not be got under. The fire raged all day, and at about 6 o'clock the flames had spread to within a quarter of a mile of tlie railway station, and were then travelling towards Elmore. The township of Rochester was yesterday a most uncomfortable place, from the heat and smoke caused by the neighbouring fires. Coming further along the line towards Sandhurst the effects of the fire were very noticeable. Persons having their residences in the bush were preparing for the coming flames, and commencing to remove their furniture and perishable goods. About five miles distant" to the first fibre mentioned, another large con flagration was visible, also advancing in the direction of Elmore. Several paddocks were quickly swept of the grass and fences. The large rung trees were falling in all directions, and altogether a great deal of damage was, and is being done. Whether the fire nearer Elmore is a continuation of the Rochester one cannot be said at present, but it is thought that the fire nearer Elmore ignited from the one which originated in Mr. Sweet- man's paddOck. The flames of the latter fire could be easily seen from the railway line, the wind blowing the heat and smoke to wards the carriages, almost suffocating pas sengers. MURCHISON, Thursday. The bush fires in the neighbourhood of Wahring are still burning. Mr. Thomas Caliill, of Wahring, has lost four stacks of wheat and- oats, and reaping-machine. Mr. J. Keady has had 500 acres of grass and over four Tniles of fencing burnt. Mr. JvBreen, re siding seveii miles from Murchison, has ilosfc o ver sixtailes of fencingaiid.700 acres of grass. Messrs. J. CahiH And Robert Barrow, fo£ Dargalong, have had a considerable quantity of grass and fencing burnt. The wind having unnrmrwtiirr- t hmt r -- u -changed, it is not expected that' the fom will extend much further. The fires between here and Nagambie were caused by sparks ' from the railway engines. HEATHCOTE, Thursday. On Tuesday last bush-fires were raging iia various directions from the town.- The beat; Awks intense, and a strong wind that was blow ing throughout the day was very propitious to the spread of fire: Mr. Wilton, of Derrinal, was the principal, sufferer by ; a fire that occurred on his rim on the day named, a considerable portion of the grase «n the runT together with a lot of brush fenriaag, being; consumed. It also stated that a number of sheep were burnt at the same time. It is supposed that the fire started from a swags- man's camp fire at a dam near the old One- Eye Rush, near the property of Mr. Speed, who also had some fencing destroyed. About fifty persons, including people living in the locality, and a number from Heathcote, turned out and rendered what aid they could to check the progress of the fire. It was found impossible for them to get ahead of it, as the flames were driven too rapidly by the wind. They, however, managed to keep it pretty well within bounds by beating it out on each side, ! and by making gaps in the brush fence, succeeded in saving a good deal of it. At one time the property of Mr- Woolley, including residence, stacks, fencing, etc., appeared in imminent danger of being '.destroyed, but luckily escaped. Mr. Chap man's and other places in the locality were also threatened, as the fire at one time was making straight for them. The fire did not cross Mr. Wilton's road, a change in the wind bringing it down towards the Sandhurst road in the direction of the Black Swan. In consequence of the drifting smoke the fire several times during the day seemed to be on the verge of the town. Smoke was also to be seen to be rising from fires some distance to the east of the town, ; and in the direction of Tooborac, the latter no doubt bteing the continuation of the one that occurred at Mr. Walker's paddock. We i also learn that an extensive fire was raging in the ranges in the direction of Piper's Creek near i Barfold. Yesterday a change took place in ! the weather, the day being cool and pleasant. ! — Times. Bushfirec (says the Ararat Advertiser) j hare already become prevalent, 'and on Tues- i day two extensive conflagrations were to b© . seen raging to the north of the town. One swept over Leveret's Hill, destroying a great quantity of grass on the new commons ex tension. Here the native grass was very long, and had become so dry by the excessive heat of the past few weeks that having once become ignited the fire spread with great rapidity. The fire at the back of Armstrong's, near the ranges, was however feared as the most destructive, and early in the after noon rumours were current that at least two homesteads had been destroyed. Constable Coffey was despatched to the locality, and found that the flames had first been noticed i in the direction of the Great Western, and aided by a strong north wind and the fierce rays of the sun, had swept along the range towards" this town, the residents along the | line making vigorous efforts to confine the f distraction to the hillside. At Opossum Gully the fire, however, made its way rapidly down the side of the range and the safety of j several houses was at once jeopardised, but I the only loss we have heard of is that sustained I by Mr. Notley in the destruction of a portion of I his fencing. His crop had fortunately been \- stacked, but even this was saved with diffi culty as the blaze caught the stubble, and \- but for the strenuous exertions of a number of neighbours his entire property must have : been destroyed. In the meantime the fire had been driven rapidly along the Ararat side of the range towards Picnic Galley. Here it "vtas soon apparent that Mr. Hade's farm stood in danger. Mrs. Hude and family, by dint of great exertion, managed to bei»3 out a portion of the flames only to find that they I had been outflanked and had almost become | enveloped in the burning bush, the utmost ! celerity being required to save themselves. I At this farm the crop had been cut, but the grass in the paddock was long and dry, and i the property could not have been saved had I this once been reached by the fire. Steps were therefore taken to remove a portion of the furniture, and assistance was given by a number of neighbours to burn a track round the place, thus cutting off communication with the fire; By nightfall all danger had 'been subdued, but the hills, on which the smouldering remains of the conflagration could still be seen, presented a grand spec- ! tacle. ARARAT, Wedneday. Nothing fresh has transpired to-day in con nection with the bush fires, all danger being removed. Yesterday, when the fires were got under, a large number of people watched round the burnt country all night, fearing lest a sudden 'high wind should spring up, and carry the fire across to the grass again. The most serious damage has been the destruction of two small houses, and the loss of a quantity of fencing and grass. To-day has been moderately cool, a change having taken place during the night. Double or Quits. — A swain wrote to his friend, "Dear Harry, — You asked what kind of a game I am playing with Jack Graham for Clarissa's hand. I have to say in reply it is a game of double or quits, and the re sult. is I double and he quits." A phonograph was part of a recent exhi bition in Cairo, HI. A sheet of tinfoil had been placed in the apparatus ready to be used ; but an enemy of the manager had re placed it by another, and when the crank was turned the phonograph said, " This show is a fraud, and the manager is " At that point the man at the crank stopped. ik your foot is asleep, wake it up quickly, for the poet tells us that the sole is dead that slumbers. 