DISTRICT NEWS. [From Correspondents and Journals.] WALCHA POLICE COURT. Tuesday, Feb. 24. (Before Messrs. S. Blyfche and John Flet v cher.) Michael Hamilton and John Reynolds were charged with using obscene lan guage, and pleading guilty, were lined re spectively 5s., and Court costs 5s. lOd. John Grady, on information and sum mons, was charged with using profane lan guage, within hearing of persons passing in the public streets of Walcha. Sergeant Olver deposed to the words having been used by defendant (which were of a de cidedly profane nature), and evidence was given on behalf of the defendant to the ef fect that no such wordB were used. Un der the circumstances the Bench dismissed the information. Annie Green v. Wm. Green.—Wife de sertion. No appearance. Struck out. Annie Green v. Wm. Green.—Sureties of the peace. No appearance. Struck out. (Before Mr. G. R. Gill.) Elizabeth Rose appeared on summons to answer to aD information laid by one Wm. Braddon, of Terrible Yale, charging defendant with detaining certain wearing apparel, valued at 25s., without just cause, after due demand had been made for the same. His worship being of opinion that the husband of the defendant should have been included in the charge, dismissed the information. (Before Messrs S. Blythe and John Flet cher.) A renewal of a slaughtering license was, on application, granted to John James M'Cormack, of Walcha. Mr. Commissioner Blythe was engaged ail throughout the 24th inst. in Courts of Appraisement and Enquiry, under the Lands Act Amendment Act, 1875, and disposed of a -considerable amount of business. Several cases were gone into, and much interest evinced by a crowd of selectors and farmers who were in at tendance. The Courts of Enquiry will last until Friday, the 27th inBtant, inclu sive. A magisterial enquiry was held on Sa turday last, 22nd inst., at Spring Yale, about 15 miles from Walcha, touching the death of Ellen Partridge, who was killed by the upsetting of a dray. Mr. G. R. Gill, J.P., presided. From the evidence given by Charles Stephen Partridge, husband of the deceased, and others, it appeared that the deceased (aged about 22), with a baby were sitting on a bullock dray, which was being driven by her husband the bul locks became frightened and bolted, up setting the dray by reason of the wheel passing over a granite rock. Partridge ran to deceased, and found that the guard iron of the dray had fallen on her neck, and that to all appearances she was dead. He, however, obtained some water, and returned to deceased, who was past all human aid. George Adolphus Boodle, a legally qualified medical practitioner, de posed to viewing the body, and corrobo rated the evidence as to the wounds and injuries. The verdict was to the effect " that the deceased Ellen Partridge came to her death on the 19th inst., accident ally, by the upsetting of a bullock dray." Much sympathy is expressed for the hus band of the deceased, who is young and industrious, his marriage with his late wife having taken place at Walcha iu De cember, 1878. . Walcha, Feb. 25,1880. Op to Saturday last 999,000 persons^ have visited the Exhibition Bince its opening, and the total receipts amount to .£34,320. Sydney telegram in last Wednesday's ' Newcastle Herald':—In the Assembly, this afternoon, Mr. Hezlett was sworn in, and took his seat on the Cross Benches.— Mr. Lackey brought in the Suburban and City Tramway Bill, which was read a first time.—Sir Henry Parkes has given no tice to go into Committee to consider the expediency of bringing in a Bill "to deal with the water and sewerage question.— Mr. Pitcher's motion to allow civil ser vants to act as directors in works and companies, provided they fulfil the du ties out -of office hours, was lost by 30 to 8. Extensive bushfires have been raging in Yictoria, large tracts of country being en gulphed in the flames. The 'E. News' says:—An amusing mistake occurred on Sunday forenoon at the Wesleyan Church, Stanmore. A red-faced and rather eccentrically-dressed woman went into the church going through her devotions in the Roman Catholic form, and did not see her mis take as to the nature of the church she was in until the clergyman was reading the leBson, when she sto- d Up and said to the clergyman, " God bless you ; I am a Roman Catholic, but I never heard a better sermon in my life ; I am going ! now. God bless you." Whereupon the clergyman requested her to sit down, but she went out muttering " God bless you !" Telegram from Melbourne, in Monday's 'Echo':—The population of the colony at the end of December was 899,420.— Both sides are arranging as far as pos sible to withdraw candidates where they are iu'excess.—Professor Reuleaux before leaving for England visited the Exhibi- j tion building, now approaching nearly towards completion.—On Saturday night a number of youug roughs attacked the police in Collingwood, attempting to res- . cue a prisoner, and unfortunately were not captured.—The weather is fine bnt I close. /- Sir Daniel Cooper is gazetted Acting y Agent General for the colony. 