''" U'UMS OF NJi WS. ■ ,; oV; ■ The attention-of our readers Is directed to the presehco amongst us of the great social reformer, Father Herineborry.' • Wherever he' appeared,; in Kow Zealand or Queensland,* many thousands chaogcd-their habits ot life 'y from beiug drunkards or idlers*-or Swithout' home affections, they bccarao temperate, in dustrious, and devoted parents, or docile children. Countless homes owe to his labours peace, sobriety, aud the devoted affections now characterising their.inmates. Such a man deserves our heartiest1 welcome? His lessons of wisdom are sure to abide and bear fruit, not only amongst Catholics,.but non-catholics, however much their religious opinions may differ from his faith. In con sequence of Father Henneberry's arrival, the lecture of Dr. O'Connor has been postponed until further notice is civen, ' | A' ' bush-fire occurred on Ayednesclay, evening last at Oak Hill, NorthuWagfia., The fire originated, it is . said,, by,,some sparky from the locomotive engine passing on tho lino igniting the grass. .This Btatomcntis again disputed' by somo of the railway,em-, ployees, who say tbey saw the fire before tho engine passed. We are informed, how ever, tuat Mr. M.' II. Devlin Urst'discovered, tho lire/and with some assistance prevented it spreading and destroying his bwn^ house property. -While thus engaged, the flames extended northward1 to Eunonyahreenyhaij and soon got beyond control. We are in formed that an area of about six miles, in good grass, was destroyed in Eunonyah reenyha paddocks. Some trees in the ..vicinity, wero atill burning on Thursday,' but tho1 timely rain prevented Ihu lire spreading. :\\\Mu. -^Qoodcjiai', Commissioner for Kail*, ways,; passed through Wagga Wagga ,on , ^Wednesday last on his way to Sydnoy from \ 'Tasmanin, :,u'hcro l]o has been enjoying a f ■'short respite,from lus labours. •. y i ^ A'VEHY-'disgracoful sccmo was enacted ihv ' Gurwoocl-street yesterday afternoon. A number of hoys of thegcuus larrikins amused themselves by throwing large pieces of road metal at a poor omaciated- looking fomale, „who.\yasapparoutly-8lightlyderacnteJ. Tho, woman turned upon the boys.several times, and, had she caught them, would no doubt havo punished them.as'sovereigns they, de scrvod. Eventually the unfortunate fomale had to rua for protection. /Mil. James iWaterhorn, - said to be a, con tor engaged at Juuoe, expired suddenly on Thursday morning at 0.55 a.m. at the Coota* mundra^railway^ The; deceased gentlemen bad, a few miuutes previous to bis death',1 pur'cliasod a ticket for Juhee, and was about to enter a. railway;-,carriage when ho suddenly expired. The police immediately took "charge 'of the* body,1' and:?a1 Coroners iinquest was held during the day. The | medicarevidencc - proved that deceased :died' jfrom' hirig'disease aud disease of the heart. jTho jury returned a' verdict;in accordance !with*tho niedicaL testimony, j The deceased I had: resided near Yass for some timie, and | leaves a'wife and family; ^ . m ( ' ' i \ | Senior-sergeant Johnson, the successor ;to Sergeant • Vizzard,. arrived in YVagga : Wagga from Moama on Wednesday last. Sergeant Vizzard proceeds to Newcastle by imail train to-morrow evening. 1 Crown land sales are advertised to boheld at Naraudera and Urana ou Wednesday, the 21st and 28th respectively. ' % A comhittkb meetiug of tlio Mechanics1 Institute 'was held on Thursday evening. Present: Mr. Nixon (in tbe chair), Messrs, Croaker. Baker, Sliaw, Copland, and Moran. : The minutes of the lasfc meetiug were read and confirmed. - The tender of Messrs.' Roberts. Copland, aud Co., for l;be supply of- kerosene, to. tbc: Institute,7 was' accepted. The accounts were passed for payment. It was resolved that5 in future si charuo ; would be made upon all chairs, lent from the In stitute, in order to cover loss by breakage, &c.; Votes of thanks concluded the business of the uieetiug. That very., interesting little shorthand periodical;?! Cno-e-o,'' has come to hand,!and is as full of good matter as heretofore! The illustrations-are capital, aud tho portrait of Mr. Matthew Burnett is a; very good one. ^ 'A'SIBEtinq of • the' Chatnber'of Commerce was held at Mr. A. T. Bolton's office yester day afternoon, but ill - consequence .if this office, not being, informed..of: the! intended' meeting, our reporter was not present. The following particulars wore gleaned after wards:—Mi'. II. K. Russell; occupied the chair. .The minutes of the previous meeting .were read by the newly appointed secretary; Mr. A. 'J'. Bolton, and confirmed; Among the matters introduced for- consideration were the following :^That: the Minister of Works be written to, urgently requesting the construction of sheep and cattle yards on the Albury railway extension, ;abo'ut threo miles from AVagga .Wagga. It, was pointed out that there were several allotments which c?u.'c\ ')0 Poured at a reasonable rate in the vicinity for the purpose. Another advan tage would be that the'yards, if erected there, would be near the common, and ad jacent to a plentiful supply of water. The Postmaster-GEiicral was also to be written to'with a view'of getting the hands of'the town clock set.in-order,, and asking that more perfect arrangements might be made to keep the clock 'in good working order. :A resolution was also carried, dcprccat : ing the/proposed new.'tarilT rin' reference i to r the r increased charges upon agricul ,tnnil - prod 11 ci;.' A■ desultory conversation took place upon the advisability of taking steps to get an alteration made, if possiblo, in the law iir rcforence to absolute and con ditional. bills-; of' sale. . It was!,also decided i that the meetings of the Chamber should in i future be Held punctually on the first ;Wcd j nesday of each mouth. . A -voto of thanks | to the chairman concluded the proceedings. ; The entries for the Australian Cup and f Newmarket Handicap were. received, at M r. j Bagot's office last'Monday. ■ The list for the former..,is. not -numerically strong, but the ■quality'of most of those'engaged is.of a hi»h j class, the,names' of' ■ such performers as iSavanaka;i®ichmond, Bosworth, Swiveller, i Darriwell,, Tocal, Petre?,; Suwarrow, Lord "Harry, Avornus, Calamia,'Sweetmeat, and ; Wellington being amongst tho 37 nominated. !For the Newmarket Handicap 03 horses 'have been nominated. f ' It will' be seen on reference to oiir adver tising columns that .Messrs; Oobb and Co. j have determined to run a coacli to Naran , dera on the usual mail days." The booking foffice will ;be at the Criterion Hotel,'where f every information can bo procured regarding ■ this line. - Fares each way aro fixed - at the ! reasonable rate of 2os- • ■ i The following is the report of the War*ga iWagga Hospital, for the past week Ad- - jmitted, 5 ; discharged, C; diod (Edward Tur jkintou),*l ;-remaining in hospital, 9. Foil some months past a son of Mrs. Irv ing's, of Spring ; Flat,: hus:-been in a very • delicate state of health, and notwithstanding j(says the Qimclaifai ■ hat lie possessed |a most enormous appetite, which lib had tbo ;most ample moans' o£ gratifying, -he' grow jthinner and thinner, until ho was worn almost jto a skeleton, and his stato of health became itt cause of .great: apprehension to his friends, jand .especially, to hit- mother,-who taxed -her. jlarge experience to tho,utmost in endeavouring, jto'combiit the disease froiri 'which he was sup posed to be suffering ; but, - unhappily, in ;vain. . Dr. Marshall's valuable aid was there ifore sought, ;and thatvoxporieneed surgeon jhnvirig niado his diagnosis, his practised eye : quickly andisurely. deleoted tile cause of tho ;boy's,j!;omplaiiitt. and tho necessary remedy [was, without*'delay, admiriis'tored. The eon sequence was that the patient passed a tapo hvorm' whiclit on being examined by Jlr. W. ■Osmond, in tho.presericc'of..Mr. Q P. Hayes, jproved to jbo the,extraordinary: length of .twenty-seven 'feet. 'Wd 'may 'mention that ■the boy, whq.thus, owes, perhaps ibis, life to jDr. Marshall's skill, is nine years of age. Dr. .'Marshall"ivill be glad 'to show-the worrn^ Iwlnob ho has preserved- in spirits of wine, to tho curious. _ j' Cobb and Co.'s mail coach met with a very ^angerous accident this week, between Wul get't anrd:C'oonamble,. through the shameful-! and culpablo condnctof certain Crown lessees, - 'who wilfully obstruet'tho mail coach road by unlawfully placing closed gates across these highways, Scontrary to. the Act specially: pro--' hibiting these obstructions. • 'Tho'i driver (Montgomery)slolba:that- whilo attorn pting to' got through; thdihories ..-became roslivo and i unmanageable.;7tho leaders; roared over,'and' the wholo team, affrighted, kicked and plunged violently, .breaking through, thoiharness and materially injuring tho coach, which arrived in a,shattered state: and: bound together with the roins. . ■ v ■ : , , - ! A I'l.ctj'LlAK cuso of child desertion was heard in tho Eohuca Police Court last Tuesday I morning. A man . named Cliarlos Loivis, formorly owner of n.squuro . milo-of luncl in ! ^iou . South Wales,.. besides- othor .property, was charged with intent to desert his sovon children, ho having been arrested in a railway, carriage..;Defendant, who ,is a contractor under Messrs^ tOornwolland Mixnor, ;on the VVaggu Wagga linc, and. has a contract for fencing near.tho.Hanging Koek, was ordered to pay £1 por week towards his children's support, and to find, sureties for isuoli pav mont. } The, monument solected , byj. the Govern-., ment -to .lie erected to.tho memory of tho gallant young Constable Bowon is .in overy way worthy of tho.objoct. It. consists of a beautifully wrought- ' nearly ' nnra wliifo obelisk, surmounting ;n -white marbio .haso ,™d pedestal.p'And,ou/ono Bido of/the bow is tho inscription, recdrding. in simplo but very' ajjpropriate- terms'' tho. bravo officer's ' ; conduct,,;aud thq appreciation.thereof by tho colonists in whoso sorvico ho lost his iifo i Tub/other day: (according\to a writer) in, Zig Zag Papers)' a'gentloman was showing n . fpw cornstalks over hisi picturo gallery, and ''after running the round of Austrahun scenes <Qnd-olQ9Bical' inoidents camoto'a Scriptural subject, which ho described as' "Tho ISIeven 'bidding !far«Jwoll: vto '"Paul1 and ^Barnabas." Now, whether it .was' that in naming UiG-pic turohe spoko rather- indistinctly, or that lyoung rMr. .Woolpross-was too stupid' to1 ofiaerro'the dress,; &o;,, of-tho Apostles, does mot uppcar, but certainly- tho 'young man [broke out. with/-" Oh, -I• seo the lilovon'j but Bannerman!' Bannerman ! . which is Banner ;mun?" • ; •' • TjiK.new bridge over, tho Lachlan Hirer , at Condobohtv was .formally opened on Now Year's* Day, with a good doal of ceremony.; Tijero wore great rejoicings, and, about 5U0 peoplo' woro present at " the chr|stouing.V. , Tho otructuro was named "The Cundobolin Badge." ttVi mi advertisement olsowhero, it will bo scon fchnfc; m/)»oy*ordor'-0yjrtoui has boon oxtoiidecl.to tho post olTico at Bothungra. : The sudden death1 ocourred at Murrum burrah on Monday evening, of nn old mon named Bull, at ono timo a brewer at Wagga Wagga,.but hiloly briekmaking at tho former totrn.'i'J)occascd, who hud been suffering from bronchitis, had intended to go to Sydnoy, but was too lnte, and was afterwards advised to return to -Wagga ..Wagga, He had . been > sitting in the evening in tho shade of the stable at Johnson's hotol, and when ho ex pired wAsUhJiho' same place, alone, bub bad been talking to his wife and other persons only a few minutes beforo his death,.nothing having occurred to lead to-the oxpecLation that his end was so noar.. 1 : . . : Titn Forbes Timts relates that three years ago a Chinaman and his-dog perished from thirst, on 413; West Bogan station. AVord of his death was sent home to t,he poor fellow's relations, and now his brother 1ms just como out and has proceeded to tho locality for tho purpose of taking the bones of tho dofunot; Chinmnnn lioirto to the Flowery Land.- v. • 'As an instance of how. Mclbourno is fast losing hor Kiverina trade,.a gcnblemon living near one of the border townships on the" Murray. Now South "Wales, states in a letter to one of tho stock and station agents of Melbourne :—•* Messrs. ■, of Urorm, who do tho biggest business thero, are at present in Sydney; making arrangements, with firms to send them up all their goods and supplies. They > say that the hoavy- import duties in Victoria, the stamp tax, and tho border difficulties, handicapihom too;heavily, and that they caloulato on landing goods at: Tirana by- Wagga Wagga at from 20 to 25 per cent, less than Melbourne prices.". Tho Urana firm referred to lmvo been in. tho habit of getting all their goods hithorto from Melbourne. ■ The lie v.- Dr. Barry has issued a circular to the clergy, stating that the Right Uevorend tbo. Bishop of Sydney complained of him solemnizing a marriage in . tho. Wesloyan church,; while his Lordship did the same on the 30th of December.' . The Western Star of Saturday last says :— " Wo regret, having to report the snddeu death of. Mrs. Henry Jones, of Hodgson, .which took place on the evening of Christmas Day. During tho afternoou she appeared to* bo in the enjo3,ment of her ordinary good health, was-cheerful,"and in fact had paid .Uonia a visit only a day or. two previously. iFrom what we can gather of the melancholy circumstances attending her demise, it would appear that Hodgson was visited by a very severe thunderstorm towards ^ sundown on Thursday, and Mrs. Jones feeling somowhafc tired retired to hor bedroom, and at about' 7.30 p;m. Mrs. Duffy, who was spendiug tho Christmas at Mrs. Jones' establishment, also went into the bedroom, intending to pntone of the children to sleeps But to her greats consternation she found Mrs. Jones a corpse, her body being in' a kneeling posturo beside the bed. Dr. Webb was sent for,, and went out to Hedgson, where ho examined tho body, and from having previously paid professional visits to the family, ho was satisfied that tho cause of death was heart disease, accelerated by a reduced coudition of . health and-fright, induced by the storm." 0>TEof those scenes which are a censure on our so-called civilisation and our police or ganisation took place in-the front of tho Cafe lfrantjais, George- street, at 6 o'clock on Wed nesday evening. A cabdriver of Herculean proportions (says ilio Evening, Ncivs) de scended from his "perch," and savagely proceeded to " take it out", of r a fare, who had naturally . remouatrated . agaiust- :tho extortionate demands of u cabby." Even irascible gentlemen, whose pugilistic touden cies are assisted by bono and muscle^ some times catch a Tartar, and in this instance tho rule was satisfactorily proved. After tho \ first sortio of Jehu, which resulted in a '• copious ilow of "claret," the faro gave change in a most vigorous manner, and tho belligereuts both rolled into the gutter. Up and down was then the order of the evening for ten minutes or so, uutil the crowd jostled, between the combatants, and put un end to the fight,,which the prcsenco of a;constable , might have prevented ; bufc as far.iw the eye could reach, up and down the street, no officer intercepted tho view.; If any oue is desirous of indulgiug in a bout of fisticuffs, let him select the moat crowded thorough-, fares, and the chances are 100 to 1 in favour of his not being apprehonded. t The Newcastle Herald states that Mrs. Armstrong, tho wife of a confectioner, iu Ashford' was on Tuesday sent to prison for a month, with hard labour, for being drunk and disorderly. She had had hor husband appro-, hended the day before for assaulting her; but it was stated that aho had oh different occasions knocked him down stairs, turned him out of doors, beat him with a flat-iron, and that, every day for a week there had been mobs of several hundred people round the shop. . She is ouly 19 years of age ! A new Had of gold lias been mado nfc Lucknow, uear Orange. The alluviaT went 3oz. to'tho bucket. The find was made by a man known as Sam the Scotchman, on the private property of R. Frost, JSsq., and ad joining the old Phcouix mine. Tho lead is supposed . to go iu the -direction, of the church. Mu, P. E. G-. Luxnv, post and tolegraph master at Charlevillo, Queensland, ■ (says the IKeefc,) was charged on the information of Mr. 0. H. Millar, before the police magis trate of Rouia, with divulging" the contents or substarico ' of a " telegram.' From tho evidence of Mr. Millar at appeared that ou or about May 20 last he received.a telegram from the inauager,of the Queensland National Bank.at Roma, informing him that his ac count was overdrawn. Ho uevor told anyone the contents of "that telegram, and was quite suro uobody iu Oharleville except himself,and tho telegraph master,knew what it coritaiuod.- ' He put a largo sum of monoy iu a letter to moot tho overdraft, and gave ic to Lunny i to register/ The'-principal evidence was -'that-of the late housekeeper of defendant She/deposed that on May 21 last she was employed by. Mr. Luuny. and was cooking his breakfast,, when ho came in and told her he had slept the previous night with .£1500,'arid^a; revolver underhis head. He said it belonged to " (Jhristy Millar." She said .1.' Cliristy Millar must be well off to have so much money as that lying ou hand.!' He said; " Not so well off as people think, for a telegram came Roma to say his account was overdrawn. lV This ohoico bit of gossip was uot long in getting spread, arid when , the post and telegraph master dismissed his housekeeper,' bIiu went at once to Mr. Millar, and told how tho story originated, I and he thereupon laid tho,. information. ! Lunny Was'p'roved guilty, and fiued;£20' and £5 costs, in default of payment within ono week, distress to issue, failing distress to be a furthei\ adjudication;a8 to tho amount of imprisonment." " v ?. 