Jroenra by the movements made in the formation of Farmers' Unions we may expect more interest taken in the coming elections byfarmers than, heretofore. . They have hitherto been lukewarm -in politics, preferring in many instances to stand aloof at the time of elections, and suffer matters to take any course they might, eo .long as they {lid riot disturb their repose. • Now, however, Farmers' Unions have been formed in nearly "every electorate, and i the committees have been showing eigns...of F- r life, and —j are taking active a,— tneasnres to enKiira proper representiu. lion in the next Parliament.- It will jbe no fault of theirs if they are not successful in securing all they desire jat the forthcoming election. At the ineeting in Melbourne on Friday last jof the central committee a discussion arose upon the daty on exported .grain, but, owing to a diversity of ^opinion upon this important subject, 'it was allowed to remain in abeyance. A similar decision ivas also arrived at with regard to the question of assisted immigration, mauy farmers believing that cheap imported labor would assist in L-developing onr agricultural resources. The question is one upon which there is great diversity of opinion, and we think they acted wisely in letting it stand over. It has been found that wheat can be profitably grown in the colony, and that this will be one of the great granaries of the world if markets can be obtained within easy reach. What is required is an easy means of bringing the grain from the inland districts of the colony to the seaboard, and the economical shipment to other ports Where there is a demand. The extension of our railways is the only way this can be accomplished, and it will be one of the questions that must be dealt with by the new Parliament. The Elmers' Unions have determined that no candidate shall slip into parliament without his opinions being known upon all questions affecting their interests, and tbey have decided upon a series of questions to be put to tbem," seven in number, namely :— (1) The removal of duties on agricultural machineiy and implements, cornsacks, woolpacks and salt. (2) The extension of railway communication to the country districts. (3) A more equitable distribution of pnblic money in the country districts. (4) The proper conservation of water in the dry districts. (5) The reduction of freights upon the "Victorian Eailways. (6) The obtaining of a measure for the re-division of the electoral districts, with a view to securing direct representation of the agricultural community- (7) Betrenchment of pnblic expenditure and reduction of taxation. Each of these questions will have to be answered satisfactorily by candidates before the support of the Union will be given to them. More equitable distribution of public money in the country is a question that none can disagree with. For many years past the lion's share of the revenue has been devoted to ornamenting andbeautifying of Melbourne, whilst the country districts have suffered from want of roads and bridges, and such like necessary works. The establishment of Farmers* Unions will be productive of much good if care is only taken to keep these questions prominently before Parliament, and have them zealously abvocated in the house by their representatives. We regret to learn that the Rev. Dean Qeogheganhasbeenobligedto keep his bed for the last two or three days, on account of a rather serious illness induced by fatigue and over-exertion. Dra Doyle and Smith have been in constant attendance upon the rev. gentleman since Wednesday night last. We understand that three sleeping draughts were administered yesterday without effect till evening. Last night a slight improvement took place, but still his condition was so bad that ^ piano playing in the distance had to be stopped- It is h"ped that with quiet and attention the Deąą will shortly be restored.t) health- We desire tp call attention to the advertisement in another column of the complimentary benefit to the" Inimitable. Barlow," which takes place in the Mechanics' Institute to-morrow night. Several new and well-known local amaleurp will assist in carrying out what appears to b$ excellent programme, including new specialities by the " Inimitable. Mr James Lyon, one of the representatives of the Tylden and Trentham riding in %e SLynetonsliire Council, will address the ratepayers on Thursday next at Murphy's Hotel, "Prepth#m, with referecee to th£ ridiog." bejng ęaddled with* the whol# óf the dfib]t ę.nd maintenance of the Mala Blue Mountain Road." A letter and advertisement relating to the matter appearaelsewhere. A meeting of the Eyneton Amateur Athletic Club was to have been held last night ^ the Town Hall Hotel, bnt only three memfeet; Resides the secretary were present, and the meeting accordingly postponed. , The business of the Town Hall Hotel h^s ^fefQgpd hands, the license having yesterday ^^eo transferred at Woodend police Goyrtj ^j-onj J^if Blyth to Mr Octgblgii, « fctje.aj$jp$i fwjfi Scc^lan^, In all probability, pircumstęiipeg permitting, Mr and Mrs gBlyth irill to-day leaye Kyneto ana goon will say fidiev to the )*** > : a . „ j V . ^ :n colony, as tre understand that they will immediately leave for Kew Zealand. ^bat might be termed a "jBcene" octcianpd $igbf in counebtiop wijh ft* departure of Mr Blyth, the lajtelessee.. Wf- f- of^3ftrolin and Co., Sandhtirati of the intended departure, obtain possession ef a^ piano and sewing .machine, let to Mr Blyth fifr fhe |irae.- payment system. Mr CogUan, tiys jfpff tenant declined to allow this,, and some wor^s followed, Mr Cosrhlan threatening a fflre ifr £arolm in cbarge for tresp&ss;, n d Mr iCarolin B^t^g thathe intended oissne ^ waiprai^t for the fiBggP of Mr nd Mrs Blyth : for sellipg itjhie "pamubr. śltłię mptter Is JibB&to; fe VBEifilatea j| t. The attendance at St. Mary's Roman C-atholic Church on Sunday last was very good at each service, and the collections in aid of the Irish Relief Fund ex- the most sanguine expectations. The Rev. P. B. Walshe preached in each instance and made eloquent appeals on behalf of the suffering Irish. Theamount realised at the three services was £96 16s. A'collectioo was also made at Tylden, where £33 6s 6d was realised, making a total of £130 2s 6i, an amonut which reflects the greatest credit upon the Catholics of the district. Punch last week was very good, though, of course, as usual altogether one-sided in its sketches and delineations. The leading picture is devoted to a cut at "Syme's Patent Plebiskite Pills and Ointment," for the cure of all Constitutional disorders. From the reading matter, which is pretty well up to the mark thiB week, we take the following:—"We like a "corner" party ourselves, if the " party " is about eighteen, unmarried and good-looking; and if there happens to be a little piece of mistletoe in the " corner " so • much the better. We don't want any " third party," there though ; when we've got a " corner party " we believe in the secrecy of the ballot." The first bush-fire of the season in this locality (says the Woodend News) broke out a few days ago in Rochford, in what is known as the Whip-stick scrnH, a piece of reserved iand near the Monument Creek. Kot much damage was caused by the fire, which was, however, carefully guarded against by the neighbouring landholders. It burnt some hundred acres of grass before it could be extinguished. The Rochester Express of Friday last says, respecting the yield of grain, that so far the returns of threshing give good averages, though, in some parts, we have heard of very poor yields. Towards Panoobamawn and Pine Grove, in the timber lands, the return has varied from 4 to 5 bags, while in the latter place we have been informed of plain land yielding only 3 bushels to the acre, the satne land being sown with a bnshel and a half to the acre. Eastwards in the timber land the returns are running from five to six bags. Mr Rourke senr., of Hanneella, obtained the splendid yield of 250 bags of oats off 20 acres ; some of the bags weighed up tci six bushels, and none under five. Mr Rae of Nanneella has thrashed out his wheat at an average of 26 bushels to the acre. About Rushworth some of the wheat crops are expected to return 40 bushels to the acre. Strenuous efforts are being made by the Postmaster-General, Mr Patterson, to have only a sixpenny rate of postage charged on letters between England and Australia, by way of Brindisi. We have to record the very sudden death of an old aud well-known resident of the district at Mia Mia, namely, Mr Nicholas Westblade, brother of Mr Fredtrick Westblade, the president of the M'Iror Shire Council. The deceased appeared perfectly well about three o'clock on Thursday, when he eat a hearty meal at his brother's place. He afterwards went out on horseback on to the plains, where he was taken ill, being seized with severe and general cramps, other symptoms of cholera presenting themselves. It was with much difficulty, and only by great exertion he managed to reach his brother's residence at Mia Mia in the evening before he was overcome. The deceased becoming worse, as soon as possible Dr Robinson was sent for, and on arriving about 2 o'clock found deceased in a dying condition, and in a few minutes after he breathed his last. The Age says :—With reference to the question of ennsiening wheat for export direct to either Wiiliamstown or Sandridge pier, a bv-law has been framed by the Railway department, providing that grain conveyed from the Spencer-street station, and not requiring re loading or re-consigning, shall be charged at the rate of 2s 3d per ton. If the grain, however, h;>s to be re- loaded and re-consigaed the charge is 2s alteration in the mileage rate has been in operation for a week, and largely availed of. Collections were made on Sunday in the Roman Catholic churches in aid of the fund for the relief of the distress in Ireland. The congregations were very numerous at each service, and the officiating clergymen appealed to the sympathies of their hearers. The moBt liberal response was made at St. Francis's Church, Melbourne, where £202 7s was collected at the morning services alone. In the evening the sum contributed amounted to £20. The Tery Rev. Archpriest O'Meara preached in the forenoon, and the Rev. Father M'Kenna at the latter service. At St. Patrick's the total sum realised was £84. The Rev. Father Watson, S.J., officiated in the morning, and 'the Rev. Father Dauaghy in the -evening. In addition the following Bums were collected at the Chapels of Ease attached to the Cathedral:—St. Joseph's, s Collingwood, £35 ; St. Bridget's, North Fitzroy, £18 ; and St John's, East Melbourne, o o £9. The above amounts make a m totql of 7s. d i The Woqdend News sayB;—Most of the barley crops in oqr diatrict are now cut and stooked, and the other kinds of cereals are fast yellowing under the influence of the scorching sun. We are sorry to state the greater portion of barley was cut long before it was ripe, owing to the bavoc made in it by caterpillars. The sample will therefore be a very unsatisfactory one. Several farmers are trying to save their oat crops from these nests by the novel plan of ploughing ę {feep fqrrojf arannd the headlands, abd digging largę holes jq the bottom of the farrows about a hundred yards distance from each other. The caterpillars fhen tumble into the fomms and bej 1 )? pnabję to braw^ out along the bottogi un£il they faUigto£be£gleel -They are then exterminated by pouring water into the holes, or scattering lime upon them. The Ghief Secretary having been importuned by tbe agent-general to grant an extension of the time for receiving application^ for space in the Melbourne Exhibition, referred the flatter t° the commissioners. * The lattep body, ip vjew of the large amount of space applied for before the end of last year, pointed out that any extension of the time would probably lidded, .gnfff fjjejr j depjdod-Jio};' fógajidtóji ^ _ quest. ~ Singe tie ibe^nflińg at the yfiari however, Mr Berry bw receired^other pressing request .for an extension .^ -the time on bebalf of France, Italy, Belgium, and other countries,- together with an intimation that-the apace .applied-{or in LSjad.ep ja excMB of the, amount origin^y.antp^^^^y.Jibe Melbourne Commissioners.' In consideration ®t the comparatively small additional cost inr^lfp^ inje^ting-ihe.fpmgń demands, Mr.Berty fifl^ dif^ed t£e commissioner* to make provlsion^jEor another 'iji0;fl(»ft of space, whi(&Jf;&l;$rpbftbly b£ funiUn&d; Jby tbe -constreclion of temporary buildings north of th(«e at^resent in band. o The tibonthly meeling Of j^cmQissiohe]^ i J matted With regard to the condemned Wanta- > badgery bushrangers, the Sydney Evening • News of the 8th inst. states :—" But little. change is apparent in tbe demeanour of the two condemned men, Scott and Rogan. The former is busily engaged in writing a history of his earlier life, which he intends to have published after his death if possible. . He received with a smile the intelligence that the Executive had refused to : take his case' into re-consideratipn, while Rogan evidently anticipates that his neck will not be encircled by the fatal, noose. Both men are exceedingly attentive to the "ministrations of their spiritual advisers." The population in Sandhurst in 1872 was 25,592, and in 1880, 25,748, thns showing an increase of 156. The lareest number of persons was in 1875 (28,306), and the smallest in 1872. Comparing" 1879 with 1880 the falling off is only 37. The net annual value of thę property in the city of Sandhurst for the year 1872 was £148,954, and in 1880 £166,394, an increase of £17,440. The Goonamble Independent states that " A gentleman just in from the back country informs us that on his return from Wilcannia to Bogewana he saw the effects of a storm, the like of which he had not seen during his twenty-four years' residence in this colony. On one of Mr Tyson's stations on the Cuttaparoo the hailstones had been so heavy that a mulga forest, about two and a half miles in extent, was nothing but a forest of bare poles, which on the road down was beautifully grfeen and in full leaf. In fact there were holes in the ground as if made by sheep in wet weather ";, and if the storm had'passed near a habitation serious results must have occurred." The Victorian Government bas placed itself in communication with the Governments of the neighboring colonies in reference t» the readjustment of the postal rates. Such a course is rendered necessary in consequence of new arrangements made with the P. and O. Company and the abandonment of the Southampton route. The new contract, which will come into operation on the 6th February next, provides for the carriage of aU mails via .Brindisi only. It is proposed by the "Victorian Government to fix the rates at 6d per letter (half- ounce), and a penny per newspaper. In order to bring this effect the co-operation and support of neighboring colonial pesfcal authorities some different mode to the existing one of dividing the postal fees. The mode of division adopted under the old contract consisted in the home authorities accounting to the colonies for 5d out of each 6d, retaining only Id per letter for inland postage. Some time ago the English Government made a demand for a larger proportion of postages, and endeavored to obtain 4d out of 6d collected in England, the colonies retaining the entire amount realised in the colonies. When Mr Beny was in England he suggested that the English Government should retaiu 2d out of the 6 i collected in England. To this arrangement the Home authorities have not yet given their consent; but owing to the abandonment of tbe Southampton route, the negotiations will now assume an altered aspect ; and unless a satisfactory understanding is arrived at as to the division of the postages, all English letters leaving the colonies will probably be be stamped with 7d- The Victorian Government have, however, determined not to make any alteration in the postal Tates until a settlement of the question is attained. Yesterday a reply was received from the Tasmauian Government, which stated that tbey could not concur in the arrangement suggested by the Victorian Government, as the rates proposed were " too low for Tasmania." Ko reply has yet been received from any of the other colonies. The .political world is quite disturbed as to tbe time of the general election coming off. Rumours are rife, and apparently founded on authority, that the Opposition Corner have determined to discuss at length the remaining estimates, and conse quently it is augured that Parliament, which sits again on the 20th, will not be able to pass the Appropriation Act until March, as the Assembly can easily spend six or seven weeks over the estimates, if it is in th<;ir humor to do so. The straight Opposition will no doubt, discountenance this move, but it must be recollected that after tbe announcement of a dissolution discipline of party is at an end, and the Opposition Corner deride any attempt at control. Th6 Age refers to the multiplicity of candidates already announced and observes :—Whatever shape Mr Berry's re form scheme may take, the cardinal feature in it will be the direct vote ; and beyond giving their assent to it, we do not know that it is either necessary or desirable that candidates shall be tied down to support every detail in the measure. Parties are now clearly divided into the plebiscitists and the anti-plebiscitists. On either side of this line there may be variations of opinion on minor matters ; but tbe electors should keep their eyes fixed on tbe main issue, and subordinate every other consideration to the question, namely, Ąrę you for aking the people the referee in case of a between tho two Houses, or are you not ? It is of no use pretending that there is a third party between these two, to which the Liberal vote may gipen without endangering the Liberal oanse. As we have said before, whoever votes for Mr Manro tinder this impression is really voting for Mr Service and the Opposition, aB Mr Service will very soon let them know for himself. When he issues his manifesto, the electors will then be abe to see wherein "if differ® from that pi|t forward \>y fhe representative's of "the pornef, ao4 we shell be -very- much surprised if the difference should be fpnn'd sufficiently substantial to jnstify them in treating the two parties as politically separate from each other. As will be seen fpom a cablegram published jn $qqtf)er polqipp'", thpligh English public opinion not unnaturally clings to the nominee system, the Spectator admits that a the two* HouBesmu8t"b6*treated"erceptionally. It recognises the value of the Norwegian plan of a joint conference in ordinary legislation ; but no further. As every Victorian Liberal knows to his cost, it if fjpr finmcjal nia»er| JtM deądlocj: j t ^ e s ' hu| n which ignores'tins drćumsląnce iB worfK the tronble of paaeing into laiy. ' : A somewhat enrioqs result is brought out 'thestatistics of gold-mining which has i recently pWpiiłJjiĄied'. " find (Baj>s the' that$1 ląss fhe 'cumber pf: jpmera was 73,749, afld thę tataj yield iif goldfprt&&t; yew 1.E38.591°k., so that the gold won was at the rate of oloae upon 2 lor. j per miner.; In 1879 the number of miners : is estimated to have been 37,200, and the total quantity of gold 71S,20Soz. This gives rather more than 19Joz. of gold per miner-. ^kaW^pjiiljt^ ł^fo quantity ói 'gtild per* miner'last year- does' not differ greatl^ from the'quantity obtaiued' sixteen" ^yeats. ago. ;. No allowance . is, of madifor file oost of obtaining thę " " " -"- ' The Severn-bridge, pęwly-completed, 1 . is ne' of the largest" j(n OreatlJritain, aifd eonneeteffie-impqAant' ciifelfield.' in Dean Eorcśt Jfenew/'-dgjiB .at Sharpness Boint; h o I ^ t 