TANDSTICKOR V. PATENT MATCHES. TO TUB EDITOR. Sir—It is a well-known fact tbat the Xandstickor match thrown away lighted will, in nine cases ont of ten, at once go oat, whilst the safety match will in as many cases born, even against a strong wind, as long as the bit of wood lasts! It is well in my recollection that the disastrous fire which originated cn the TOngala estate' in December, 1864, and •which partly burnt this and many other THEB and desolated Oanowie altogether, hap pened in the above way, and when a perfect gale was blowing, viz., through a carelessly thrown away lighted safety match; and many other Gres in those days might be traced to the same kind of lucifers, as no others were then used at most of the stations in the lower North, where I was then living. One reason against the Tandstickor is that it will ignile when trodden on by sheep or cattle; bnt if mischief is meant—and for mischief the matches are at most times left about—the safety-match may be made almost as dangerous as the Tandstickor by leaving it about, Grst soaked in water and then dried again. I have had enough of bushfireB in my time, but if my opinion were asked as to the safest kind of lncifer I shonld give the Tandstickor the preference. Iam, Sir, &c.;, OLD NORTHERNER. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—As testimony seems useful concerning the comparative worth of the safety and Tand etiefeor matches, I should like to briefly record one or two facts. Bryant b May's matches are improperly named safety matches, fur they are extremely liable to produce accidents. A fire occurred a few months ago at Port Adelaide, in Messrs. Crooks, Burton, & Co.'s cellar, by the use of a safety match. The assistant struck it on the box, according to instructions, and the head flew off—rather a common experience, as those who have occasion to use them know— and ignited some oakum. A serious conflagra tion seemed probable, and was only avoided by prompt measures. To-day Mr. A. E. Sawtel), at Port Adelaide,_ in using one set light to a towel and a partition. The damage was slight because the flame was speedily discovered and extinguished. I have myself often noticed the escape of a small ball of fire from the safety mstch while rubbing it on the box, and verily believe that it is more dangerous for household use than Tandstickors, to which I have been glad to return. It cannot for one moment be contended that Tandstickors are all that could he desired, but, on the other hand, it cannot be shown that the safety match is all that is claimed for it. -I am. Sir, &c;„ S. J. G. July 9,1880. 