FARMERS' MUTUAL ASSOCIATION ADELAIDE BRANCH. At tne monthly meeting of the Adelaide branch of the Farmers' Mutual Association, held at Penn Chambers on Wednesday, June 2, a letter was read from Mr. W. L. Harvey, of Salisbury, describing an effective and simple method of ridding seed-wheat of drakes, cracked wheat, &c.; The process is as follows : — ' Take an ordinary winnowing-machine, and having removed the hopper sieves, raise the point of the machine on blocks say twelve or fifteen inches high, just sufficient to ffiye the screen in the ordinary way, or if very dirty it should be supplied by means of a tin dish, so as not to run on to the screen too fast while the wheat (or Gther grain) is running on to the screen. A person should be at the back of the machine and tap the screen rapidly with his hands, so as to keep it vibrating. Of course the harder and quicker the screen is tapped the quicker the wheat runs down. . This is a mest excel lent plan, and the dirtiest samples will come out as clean as possible. I ran through two bags of white Tuscan wheat last week in less than an hour, and from them I took over a bushel of drake and cracked wheat, and the sample came out perfectly clean. The advan tage of this plan is that every farmer has a winnower, and he can clean his seed-wheat without going to any further expense.' - A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Harvey for the information he had afforded. Mr. S. V. Pizbt then read the fol lowing paper on 'The Minor Products of the Farm:'— 'I_ have preferred this sub ject for discussion at our meeting to-day, inasmuch as it strikes home to the very centre of the question deeply affecting the interests of the community in general — as to the possibility of South Australia main taining her eminent position as the granary of the southern hemisphere. History, as the common axiom goes, 'repeats itself;'' and ap plying this motto to the farming community of the day, we justly ask, ' How long, at the present rate of exhaustive spoliation of the land, will it take to reduce the fertile plains of the North into the worn-out and abandoned homesteads of the South?' In solving this problem let us take as our first premises the olden days of Mount Barker; Strathalbyn, and Willunga. What has^sickened these lands of tbeir fertility and left them now a prey to the ravishment of every class of noxious weeds? Not the fair demand npon them in the well regulated production of wheat, but the neglect of deeper tillage and change of crop. Had these old homesteads, small as they were thought, been portioned off into a course of agriculture which would have prohibited the successional cropping of the same paddock for more than three consecutive seasons, I affirm without fear of contradiction that these districts could have still been so to speak the grand fathers of agriculture, the migration north ward being but the offspring of these yeomen sires who, educated to a comprehensive system of farm economy,, and aided by funds from the family chest, would have laid out a similar systematic arrangement of their holdings, which in its turn could aid-further extension upon an efficient and prosperous footing. Here I know I shall be met with the remonstrance, that in tbe days when those southern and south-eastern farms were in their prime no other crop would have paid the producer, from the fact that our population was small and the require ments of our customers upon the Victoria goldfields and the old settlement of New South Wales indicated little else that would be remunerative. This I am willing to admit, and I regret having alluded to these districts if I were not actuated by a deep sense of the importance of using them as my illustration of the probability of our drifting into a similar con dition, unless active and peremptory steps are not taken to arrest our ruinous tendency. Ad mitting that the old settlers were justified in tbeir mode of management — having an enormous market to supply, whose consumers were so preoccupied by the all-absording thirst and in satiable ransacking of every gaily and hill for the discovery and procuration of gold, now the tables are yearly turning against us. The manifest change in the occupation of the other colonists, even at this short interval, has created oar wealthy anxTliberal customers into com petitors in the few surrounding ' remunerative markets, or 'upon the more precarious one of Europe. Look around at the present time upon the enormous stocks of wheat heaped to the skies at every important centre of produce in the North. took at the 120,000 tons of wheat lying in similar accumulation throughout Victoria. Let these evoke the practical solution of our subject and ask how have we misused our virgin soil, to the disparagement in value of our own hereditary staple exports. - We have piled up to ourselves a tower of unmarketable produce at the cost upon the producing powers of our farms,. which, if long-continued, will lead to utter abandon ment of. OUT homes, without the compensating facilities of fresh selections, which are at present aiding in this sickening land-greed and hasten on the ultimate cessation from cereal produc tion. Let these enormous trophies of ill requited labor and brain-power speak out boldly when we can still find funds to follow the course they indicate, and the present stagnant market for wheat maybe a wholesome and re munerative lesson to us. '' Itook at them ! and let us ask ourselves — Did we ever see stocks of wool standing thus in our market-places crying out like the Cheap Jack of the fair — ??Who will carry us away if we give you money to do it ?' Did you ever see stacks of carcases of sheep, cattle, or pigs crying out in our market-places for a bid ? And then I think we may fairly address ourselves to tho discussion whether these products could not profitably come within the scope of * the minor industries of the farm,' which have hitherto been almost entirely neglected. We all admit one fixed rule in trade, that a dearth creates a demand. What if one-half tbe quantity of our harvest had fallen to our lot this year, is it not possible that by tbe requirement of less labor in the storing and haulage, these two items gaved would have been a greater profit actually than the balance to our credit upon present account sales. Then, admitting this, it must be self-apparent that half the land under tillage, devoted to other pursuits, would have secured us a more active market for one commodity (wheat), whilst the labor and the laud, which have been occupied in pro ducing this very baneful superabundance, could have been devoted to other culture itself, let us hope returning a profit,' or under any circum stances resuscitating and renovating the soil for another year's production of wheat. u No doubt -the farmers have labored under great disadvantage in the want of an open market for their wheat, whicn the woolgrowec and sheepfarmer generally does not experience. It seems an anomaly to me that no commercial organisation has been put into form to provide this great deficiency. Why a farmer cannot treat his wheat in the same manner as he does his wool, and seek an open market in the centre of the merchants as he does for Mb wool, is an absurdity' whioh is simply ridiculous. The con sequence has been he has taken up a position with his wheat he would not tolerate for his wool, and has stultified his own advancement by presuming that he was ia possession of as good information as to the home markets as the merchant who makes it bis daily study and calculation. He has been entrapped, so to speak, by offers, of temporary accommodation from the wheat store, who, backed by the mer chant in the city, has often a tacit agreement with the farmer that he is to have the first offer when sold. The farmer forgets that his market is limited within the period of the harvests of Calif ornia, Russia, and England, and that if he does not make a prompt sale at fair prices when the crop is reaped fie will be the loser, and not the merchant. The merchant lives by his profit; and it matters not a fraction whether he bays wheat at 3s. or 5s. a bushel so long as he can secure freights for his ships and a profit upon his purchases. And what has been the experience ? Those farmers this season who were in many cases forced by stress of circumstances to sell their wheat at the com mencement of the season have made the highest prices of the season, and have been pat into good positions by the force of circumstances. Whereas, many who were independent of im mediate claims were led into the false position now inevitable through the very men who they blindly think had been their best friends. The calamity brought about by this system represents a loss of something like, I believe, Is. 6d a bushel. Looking, as I have, throughout these reports and productions of 1878-9, it would have been better for the country had the farmers been compelled to sell in January than to have been allured into their present false position by those who, by paltry temporary advances, have now the whole market in their hands, and who, through the false interference of the banks at a juncture when the farmer ought to have some consideration shown him, are now compelling the total sacrifice of the market to draw in the advances which have been mainly instrumental in putting the farmer inte this lamentable predica ment. If this effect is traced out to the entire cause it will be seen that the very merchants whom the farmer thought he was evading accepts the aid tendered by the wheat-buying agent are those who now hold the position of the farmer in the hollow of their hands. They now actually command the monopoly of the market, although I am assured the shipping trade of the province has equally suffered by this false state of things. Had we an open Corn Exchange similar to that of Mark-lane in London, or Fenwick-street in Liverpool, both the producers and the shippers would be able . to meet on an equality. A shipper would then have before him at a glance the whole market of the colony, and buy such parcels as would be forward for delivery within the time required for his shipments, and the farmer would then be bound to complete the transaction according to sample within the allotted time. He could still if necessary, obtain temporary aid for his harvest operations as readily as at present, and even more so, as there would be some better prospects of im mediate settlements instead of the present pro* tracted dealings through the local storekeeper and wheat-buying agents. Under any circum stances, it were better for the farmer and com munity if he must store his wheat that he should ship it immediately after harvest, draw ing against the bills of lading, as he could sub sequently sell it afloat as readily as he can at the local store. 'At the latest alteration of the land laws the advocates of the 1,000-acre blocks made great capital oat of the necessity of farmers having their small flocks of sheep ; and in my judgment they were thus advocating the best interest of the colony. But how have the farmers availed themselves of it. Taking 1871-1872 as the great epoch of land aliena tion, we find that whilst the acreage for the period intervening up to 1878 in creased at the rate of from 400,000 to 600,000 acres per annum, making a total increase during the ten years of 4,117,630 acres of alienated land, the increase of sheep stock was only 1,879,512 over the number depastured at the period when the millions of acres siace alienated were mere sheep runs, and when the rapid settlement of the Northern Areas was in its infancy. More than this, the relative feeding capabilities of the land alienated up to 1869 was very nearly equal to nine sheep to twelve acres, producing at a fair estimate of 7 5 lbs, at 7d. per lb. in the grease, an export of wool valued at £656 250 ; whilst the relative increase of export at the end of ten years upon the wool grown in hundreds and counties only shows an increase of about £40,000 per annum. Whereas, allow ing the carrying capabilities to remain equal, had the increase of sheep been equivalent to the increase of the land alienated, the export from this source should have increased to the extent of £676,095; or, in other words, the export of wool from the districts occupied by farmers should this year have produced £1,704,405, exceeding1 the value of fbe breadstuffs exported by £90,000, or more than half the export of the whole shipment of wool, which necessarily now includes a large quantity from New South Wales and portions of Victoria accessible to the river trade. This factor in our experts is equal to the difference of prosperity and commercial depression, which, through the want of such universally marketable exports, we are suffering under. But if added to these forcible proofs of neglect in this one staple product, we were to estimate the carry ing powers of small farm-holdings increased through the facilities of fencing and greater watering facilities than at the period when the same area produced as much wool under the squatting occupation, I think, if only from the standpoint of tbe production of wool, I have adduced ample proof that this industry has been neglected by the farmers, in spite of their pro testations that had they more land this would be one of their chief sources of income. ''Before leaving this important subject I am prepared to admit that one chief drawback to the farmer keeping more sheep is the wretched and paltry fences invariably resorted to. The pretext being the great scarcity of timber for fences, I know is one almost incontestable. Bat have they ever attempted to go out of the old fashioned post-and-wire school for a remedy ? Any one travelling our Northern line of rail must have noticed some very indifferent but also some very excellent iron post and wire fencing, imported from England, for parts of the line where posts would be expensive. The con struction of this sort of fence is very simple, and wheie so few horses or cattle are used aa on the generality of farms, the detriment to this fence is not so great as where it is to be used on mixed runs of cattle and sheep. There are no doubt many foundries and ironworkers who would be glad to give an estimate, if this class of fencing should, as it must eventually, come largely into use ; but in tbe event of having to import it, I have been informed on the best anthority that it can be . laid down in this colony, and men supplied to erect it— eight wire fencing— entirely lambprcof at about 15s. per chain. Here, then, is a sheep-proof, fire proof, and ant-proof fence, erected at less cost than the wretched two-wire aud-a-post-a-mile fence, which so commonly prevails amongst farms, a constant source of bad friendship between neighbors, and a direct obstacle to keeping sheep or pigs loose on the farm. One, too, which defies all these cankering annoyances, aud ensures you the full benefit of your land under fallow or after harvesting your crop. Having suggested this remedy for one of the chief obstacles agaiost sheepfarming on a small scale, I will now address myself to one or two crops connected with sheep-growing, which will I am sure be worthy your careful attention. Take rape, for instance. Say you have your farm divided into 200-acre blocks, even sup posing some land embraced is quite unsuited for cultivation. Whilst the cultivatable land has been yielding its orop the waste patches have bad a rest, and are growing good grass for after use when the stock are turned in upon the stubble. Say you fallow — now sowing nothing — will it not pay you better on that fallow to grow a crop of rape or a crop of common turnip, and when green and in full luxuriance turn your sheep upon it to eat it up ? Rape so eaten off will give you a second crop if judiciously managed ; and. every day you have the sheep upon it feeding upon this valu able plant their droppings are enriched by this food in a very large extent, and then next, year you will find your fallow will yield you by the additional manure of the eheep and the change of crop, and the fertilising effect of that, change, as muoh as 500 acres scratched over in the present style. If for rape, you substitute sorghum, planters' friend, or maize, and eat these down, allowing a second growth, you will, I am sure, have cause to see that the soil you are now tearing the very life's blood out of is a grateful servant, and will for your jadicous care reward you by a longer tenure of service than ever now may be antici pated. Bib grass again may be used upon such land as you wish to follow, if yon -can spare it to lie. for two or three years, and in any ordinary climate with the commonest care I will under take to assure yon of a patch of green feed for ypur.stock when everything else is parched and crumbling under the summer sun. It will spring into life and revive with the slightest moisture. And even sown with an ordinary crop of wheat it will be a good green picking among the stubble. If it came up a strong crop it might be allowed to remain for two years, but being a very cheap seed and very prolific it is the easiest plant a farmer can grow. Cocksfoot grass also is a very hardy plant, and will take readily in the stony patches of the section which cannot be brought into cultivation, besides many others, such as millet, and mustard, and 10-week maize, which, however, would re quire a separate paper to place before you in their proper aspects of utility. These remarks must only be taken as incidental to the subject of sbeepgrowiner, which has unwittingly engrossed more of my space than I had at first intended. But in spite of incurring your disapproval of tediousness, I cannot leave this branch of my subject without especially addressing those farmers occupying the old farms in the north east and south and south-east. Many of these farms are held under lease from the South Aus tralian Company, who have held out consider able inducements to their tenants to encourage the culture of English grasses. Owing to the peculiar adaptability of their land and climate to the growth of permanent English grasses, I would urge them to abandon this wretched wheat and hay culture, and by means of per manent grasses become one of the sources of supplying the immediate market at their very door with meat and butter. The culture of grasses after the first outlay is not only bound to be remunerative, bnt it involves little of that annual outlay of wages in culture imperative upon an annual crop, and may be more easily accom plished than at first glance, owing to the hilly nature of the country might be contemplated. If the old Kentish turn-wrist plough and six good stanch bullccks will not knock over a large area in one season, I shall admit I am deceived in my own experience. And even in places where a plough cannot go I have produced ex cellent crops of cocksfoot and rib grass by breaking over the land systematically with vine prong-fork hoes, sowing the seed on the land before being chopped over. If immediately af ter a bushfire, while the ashes are in a state of powder, one man were to sow over them a quantity of these mixtures of grasses I will pro mise him an astonishing crop, if allowed to mature before feeding it off. I have also suc ceeded admirably in the stoniest patches on my section, to produce a heavy sward of grass, by folding say 200 or 300 sheep in rope-net yards, and sowing down the grass at all Beasons of the year for the sheep to trample under, and leave to the first autumn rains to germinate. ' I next desire to elicit discussion upon the great neglect of the dairy and dairy cattle. How is it with all our increased alienation of land, and the consequently increased facilities for increasing dairies, we actually are importing same £4,000 worth of butter instead of being able to export. India and the Cape are corn par itively insatiable markets for this product, and yet inspite of these advantages we not only are compelled to import, but I believe I am safely state the average pricaof. this article par pound for the last two or three years has never been under one shilling, or more.' Nor can I compli ment our farmers open their dairy stock. They are, without exception, so far behind the Victorian dairies as to induce the belief that much of our scarcity in this article of butter may be attributable to the hungry, disconted, mon grel stock you invariably meet with at most farms. They have been running through a course of inbreeding and indifference to the change of blood which nothing but very radical and systematic alterations will compensate. I am open to admit that my paper would be complete surlpusage were I not fully aware of tbe scarcity of proper dairy food which at any rate prevails in the Northern homesteads. ' Here, again, the use of the plants suggested for the food of the sheep might, by leaving them to grow to maturity, provide ample and succu lent food for the cow and the calf. To these we may with iudiciousattention a.dd map^d wurzel, beet, and carrots, which crcps in Victoria are^ rapidly on the increase, and which therefore accoant for tbat colony supplying us last year with over 200,000 lbs. of butter, valued at £7,254, and the enormous quantity of 668,851 lbs. of cheese, valued at £24,583. Really oar blood fairly curdles with shame to think that with an enormous tract of country, figuratively speaking equal in itself to the whole colony of Victoria, including the whole of the South, the whole of Mount Barker district, Gnmeracha, South Rhine, Mount Pleasant, and then bearing northward to Belalie, Bundaleer, Crystal Brook, Beautiful Valley, Laura, and many other localities, inferior in no sense to the dairying localities of Victoria, and all eminently adapted for any class of rotation farming, we should have to send away £30,000 per annum, for two of the commonest products of any well regulated farm . Reverting again to my remarks, upon the dairy stock, I may, I trust, be allowed to introduce here another product of the farm, which is essentially the pabulum of the calf, and that is linseed. A stinted calf is, in my mind, much responsible for a hungry and ill-conditioned maturer animal. Much as I would deprecate the iniquitous prac tice followed on many milk dairies of knocking tbe calf on the head to procure the full supply of milk for immediate demand, I consider that preferable to dragging the miserable 'pot- bellied' poddies up to a miserable maturity — horns standing at right angles from its head, a coat like a retriever, and a vagabond crusader hrough every conceivable gap in a fence in search of something to satiate its craving appetite. To all this the cultivation of a few acres of flax or linseed would effect a complete revolution. I have tried it on many, occasions myself, and am convicted of its thorough practicability. All I can say is try it this year, and give the associa tion the entire benefit of your experience, whether successful or otherwise. Take a pint of linseed night and morning, boiled to the consistency of glue, and mix it with two quarts of lukewarm skim-milk, and you will, I am sure, be satisfied with the result. The calf so reared will de velop quicker than the one fed solely on milk — the manure from it will be twice as fertile as that of the other. Having proved it upon the calf you will try it upon your horses by satu rating the common hay with which you feed them daily with a thin liquid of the mucilage. Every straw of indifferent hay will be eaten greedily — and your horses' coats become sleek and glossy, their general appearance greatly improved, and their power of endurance in creaeed— whilst the manure of tbeir stable will, contain greater fertilising qualities than the ordinary one of bran and chaff fed horses. Having induced you to cultivate a few acres for these minor purposes with this marvellous plant, I may confidently believe you will have such ample proof of the' capability of all your farms to produce linseed that you- will under take its growth on a much extended scale from one year to another. We must all deeply deplore the action taken a few years back to stamp out the cultivation of flax in the neighborhood of Willunga and Gawler. Most of us remember the promise of success which ushered in this new enterprise, and I shou'd n^t be true to my own convictions or to those whom I then urged to go into this in dustry if I did not give this crop a prominent' place amongst the minor industries of the farm. So convinced am I that if you will give it a fair trial merely as food for your calves and horses that you will be induced from the general re sult, allowing for many failures, to place it eventually upon the list of one of the chief exports of the colony. If this could be accom plished I do not so muoh press for a full utili zation t)f the whole product, including the straw ; sufficient to grow for the seed alone, either for export or conversion into oil and oil cake in the colony, and we will leave the straw to assert a market for itself . But if my still san guine wishes for' the recultivation of this crop may shortly be realised, I predict such a con tinuous flow of industry from this one product as cannot fall to any other crop, excepting perhaps wool and cotton, the latter, of course. Ml* ? ^^^^^ii. ^- ? : ? — - - t - fceing outside our power to produce 'except in the Norther© Territory. Many other produc tions I would haVe wished to embrace within the limits of this paper; but, to do them the justice they deserve, would involve too great a stress upon your* present attention. If I am permitted on another occasion to address you, I shall he proud to continue these remarks. But from my extensive experience among farmers, I do not opine much practical result from any such papers unless freedom of correspondence is liberally invited. I found this imperative when closely connected with the movement, supported by the Government, when advocating the first culture of Hat, and I beg to assure the associa tion that any questions upon the topics now touched upon; or upon which it may be my pri vilege hereafter to address you, shall have the fullest attention if communicated through the secretary of this branch or otherwise. And with this conviction strongly imbded by the last ten or twelve yeare'experiencein the advocacy of improved agriculture or manufacture, I may be permitted to suggest that nothing practical will result from these discussions unless the ex periences of those who adopt the suggestions can be recorded in some concise form. I trust as our branch advances in the frequent advocacy of such matters we may be able, either as a branch or through the central committee, to compile some concise register of operations -which may be easily filled up and classified at our branches. I have upon this point for many years held the opinion thatathorongbly practical farmer, with intelligence to impart instruction, going round allotted districts distributing the seeds of the crops recommended, advising with the farmers on the spot as to the best soil and situation for the crop, and afterwards returning and reporting upon their successes or failures, -would do no more — under the old proverb of an ounce of practice being worth a pound of theory — to establish many useful but neglected pro ducts than piles of essays, however carefully they may be compiled or truthful they may be in their arguments. As an illustration of my argument I may mention that many farmers to whom I have recommended the use of the commonest plants, each as planter's friend, sorghum, and even rib grass, whilst pleading entire ignorance of the seed or its culture, have - gladly — I might almost -say greedily — jumped at my promise to send them a few pounds for an experiment, and have thanked me most heartily for the slight assistance thus afforded. I am thoroughly -convinced of this fact— that our farmers are only too glad to try any crop which might promise them a change, or something to release them from this con tinuous wheat production. If the instructor I have indicated could be provided by allowing him an opportunity to travel in the other colonies occasionally I feel convinced the minar products of -the farm would soon be transposed, and what is now the major product of the farm and spoliator of its fertility would be reduced in area, augmented in bulk, and would hare to give greater place' to weol, meat, batter, and cheese, to the salvation of the fertility ef the soil and the enrichment of the -present hard worked, ill-paid sinew of the colony.' An interesting discussion ensued upon the paper, and it was adjourned, on the motion of Mr. T. Atkinson. M.P. The proceedings closed with a cordial vote of thanks to Mr. S. V* Pizey* : ? ^ . . . - ? . 