By direction of tbe majors of the City and Town, a public meetmgwiil be held in the Alfred Hall this evening, to dense means to alleviate tbe distress which now prevails in Ireland; and it is greatly to be hoped there will be a large attendance on the occasion. Melbourne, Gerfong, Sandhurst, Kyneton, Haddon, and other parts of Victoria have already taken* action in this matter; while in the neighboring colonies, as well as in. England and tbe United States, the appeals have been eimilarly generous and determined. In aU theae for the distress which has sprang np In the Emerald Isle; enbeUfitial collections have been* made towards the object in view; clergymen of ell denominations have taken part In tbeseefforts; and nothing has been left undone that coald reasonably cope with the evil. True to its traditions, it is to be hoped that Ballarat will supplement all these commendable exertions ; and there ought to be snch a gathering in the Alfred Hall this evening as will show that it is determined to effect this purpose. That no element of sectarianism should get mixed np with this affair, it will be as well to observe that the distress is not confined to any particular section of the community ; nor is it restricted to a few districts. We have read a number of papers from the old land by the last mail, and we find they ail agree that there is scarcely a part of Ireland, and certainly no' denomination, that is not tainted with this disaster. The failure of the potato crop for several years in succession ; the inability of the poorer classes to obtain dry peat daring the winter months, owing to the saturating rains which have fallen, almost continually, for months past; the impoverished condition of the fanners through these circumstances; and the consequent impossibility of a laigennmber of the working classes to obtain employment, all have combined to make the distress general" and to cause one denomination to be affected by it quite as much as another. The general opinion of the papers seems to be that there has been nothing BO bad in Ireland since the famine of 1847 and 1848, and that no denomination can claim exemption from the terrible distress that has befallen this part of the nation. It will thus be seen that the calamity is one of a very widespread character; and, therefore, all classes and all denominations can cordially joie together to do whatever in them lies to alleviate the evS. The only exception there is~to the general concurrence of opinion amongst the home jonmals, is an article in the Times, which the Telegraph of yesterday published. Bat this is evidently not a fair review of the case, although the writer of the article admits that Ireland is in a very bad condition. Bnt the contents of this article were completely set aside by Her Majesty the Qaeen contributing £500 towards the relief of the sufferers, and less exalted residents of England contributing in proportion; and these contributions would not have been made, nor would the British Government have ordered such extensive public works to be carried out in Ireland, eolely to relieve the unemployed, as a recent cablegram announced, if the writer in the Times had given a fair description of the state of Ireland at the time he wrote, or as it is at this moment. There is not the slightest reason to donbt that the Times haa dealt most unfairly with tha case it took in hand to describe, and, therefore, we trust that what the article from the Timet, which appeared in iterday's Telegraph, had to say on this matter will not have the smallest tendency to divert public sympathy, from the object which to-nighfs meeting called to consider. That there is deep distress prevailing in Ireland is indeed placed beyond diBcnssion. The ftev. Canon M'CULLAGH, Church of England minister, > sudat Kyneton the other evening that, " from communications he had received, he was aware that a great nnmher of ins fellowcountrymen were in said distress. He well: remembered the fearful Irish famine of 1847-8, when he eaw snch harrowing scenes as would remain engraven on bis memory uDtil he wonld cease to think. Now, however, the sufferings.'were still wone, for tie poor people had neither fuel to make a firenor foodtoeat." He hoped, therefore, the people ofVictoria wonld do alt.they could to relieve these people in tbelrdeep and darkmisfortunes. The Freeman's Jourjudtwo or three months back- eent a commisnoner throng Ireland to report npon the subject, and his published reports are of . tbe . most distressing nature. Z£e says that in some places Hie crops" are in the worst possible state. The potatoes are rotting in the ground, became they cannot be need even as food for pigs. The wheat and oats are very much below the average, and in many cases so much smut haa appeared that theae crops will he much injured. Then the prices of agricultural produce - have fallen BO low that even those persons who j were formerly regarded as comfortable farmers, now find it impossible to pay their rent. Referring to another part of lreland, the same writer says—'"Food there is fw the moment, foal and scanty, unwholesome though it be. Bat it is running out at a terrific pace. The xot iMtill playing wholesale np potato fields. The half of almost evajy peasant's field Ir^aiready eaten ont.' Ton hear of a man not being able to find |a; bmrikfaat npon a stone of potatoes; and not \- -tfafcfe to find "the stone >f pottafes ^rfigtfngfor anlKKrHid* half for them. Within one month In many esses, and within two months in most, the present ctock of |m»tikas wBtowretoeo most certainly consumed. Thousands of helpless peasants will havB their jdnidiHLcrying for food, and will have none to give than. The agony is not confined to one parish or district. In district after district, where I have seen shopkeepers and fani&rB; knotted together, hand and iootpin seekningly inextricable debt, somebody •Suis always -been found to say, > Tins is happiness d compared with the way the people are in Clare Island,'or ' Wecari*twe|i be worse.' Nearly eveiy man in the -parish t>wes hifi £20 or £30, and you could sot squeeze a sovereign in coin out of them. If yon want to be perfiectiy horrified, go to Achill—as if an epicure in unsay coald; not 'sup foil of honors in a day's walk through tbe most favored region in Mayo." Moreover, the Mayor of Dublin, « Bhort time ago, telegraphed to the Mayor of Melbourne that the distress is increasing, and help iB urgently needed. We could add much of the same character to the foregoing, were it necessary, tosho w thatdistrese, deep, serious, and widespread, prevails in Ire-' land. But the above is quite sufficient to prove that thousands of persons—200,000, some authorities say — are in positive want juet now in that unhappy land, and, therefore, as we have said, the existence of this calamity in that part of the old world is placed altogether teyond the region of discussion. A duty, in common with other places, has thus devolved npon tiie inhabitants of Ballarat; and tins doty is to contribute from their means to assist there unfortunate people in tbe trouble that has come npon them. We hope they will do this with characteristic liberality, for the want is great, $nd the necessity of relief being afforded is most urgent It is to be hoped, therefore, there will be a large meeting in the Alfred Hall this evening, The cause appeals ta benevolent sympathies of all; and we hope it will be carried to an, issue that will be alike creditable to the residents of this town, and immensely beneficial to the Irish'people. If -any person desires to see the difference there is between preaching and practising which characterises a section of the Conservative party,-be has ocdyto-raad thepro- ^eedings at Dnnolly last Saturday evening, and compare them with what ao often appears in the Conservative papers about the condoct ^of the Oberals at similar gatherings, to effect his object most completely. A meeting at Danolly last Saturday evening wnaa. held for the specific purpose of establishing a branch of the National Reform League in that town; and everybody knew the object there was in view when this meeting was called together. It was not to be a meeting at which all grades of politicians could have their Bay on the questions to be submitted. It was not in fact an open meeting at alL It was called together for Liberals only f it being the opinion of Liberals that it was necessary an organisation of their own Bhould be established in the town, in " order that the approaching election could be conducted more effidentlly than would ' be the case, if such an organisation were wanting. For this purpose and this purpose only that meatisg was called; and, clearly, none but Liberals had a right to be present. Bat what do the reports of that meeting which the papers contain show? The answer is, that several members of the Conservative party invaded the room, and insisted npon taking part in tbe proceedings, in spite of all the protestations that were made by the other side against their interference. The result was one of the moBt disorderly scenes that was ever enacted in Dnnolly; and only for the good sense and discretion of the LiBerals present a breach of the peace would have inevitably followed. We have had to read a great deal in the Conservative papers for years past about elections bang conducted in peace and quietness; about boohooiem being abjured; end of every candidate being allowed a fair and orderly hearing. Is this the way to get at these ends—for the Conservatives to obtrude themselves npon what was publicly intimated would be a meeting of Liberals only, because none bnt Liberals were concerned with the business to be transacted F We opine not; for if this sort of thing >ia to become general throughout the colony, ench. reprisals will follow on the other side as will make the running at elections pretty warm for tbe Conservative party. Tha Conservatives of Dunolly had no mare right to attend the meeting of last Saturday evening, than the Liberals would be jastified in attending a' meeting called to start a branch of the Conservative Association in that centre. In both cases the meetings wonld be purely sectional ; and none bntthoBe who represented the sides respectively would have any right to be present. Liberals might just as well insist npon being present at committee meetings held in the interests of a Conservative candidate, as the Conservatives insist upon, attending the meeting last Saturday evening ; for certainly there would be nothing more outrageous in the one case than in the other. As we have said, the meeting of last Saturday evening was called in Dnnolly purely for a Liberal par* pose; and, therefore, it was neither more nor less than downright impudence for a single Conservative to make his way into the apartment. We warn the section of the Conservative party, ' who have gone in for this kind of intrusion, that two can play at the same game; and they may: depend npon it their example will not, be overlooked if this sort of thing should be repeated. But it is to be hoped nothingof the sort will occur again, because it is not only calculated to stir up unnecessary' strife between rival thinkers npon . political questions, bat it is also ^display of conduct that is highly objectionable in its effects, and positively indecent in its very nature. The little game-designed, however, did not succeed; for the Liberals did what they had come together for, in spite of theinterraptions which they had to put up with. This was a wholesome lesson to impart to the disorderly: Conservatives of Dnnolly ; and itshould ! not be lost npon politicians who may be stmilariy disposed in oti»r districts. A few •hints on good breeding waold assnredly not. be thrown away at Dnnolly, where something of the sort appears to be badly wanted. • •.. Tbe jnihlic meeting convened by tbe two mayors, to devise measure* for alleviating the misery and distress taStetoa^n3lj>e|ieid|n fbe Alfred Hall this evening, and we are sure tbat the response to tbe cry far urgent reliei trill be hearty and liberal, and tbat a large gathering of all nationalities will assemble to show their practical sympathy with the movement. The HeUxmnie,^ Stndhnrst, and to do their duty In this matter.and there is doubt that Ballarst w3tl>e to the fbte In aHinr snch a. charitable cause. The resolutions to lie: submitted to die public meeting this evening wBI be mo-red or ieoondea by the Anglican and Boom Catholic bishops, and other clergymen, together with several laymen, and mfl will meet on. u&e; \- irnon platform to derise the beat mesne for reing snffetiirfiTihmahttiC 'iSit'fnxay ladies ate, ectefltolie ptt^a&snniaoaatwnwfllbeaet; apart In the frailer? -for their sole comfort She committee will meet fn tbe Prince's room ** the lull at half-past sewn o'dock, to complete the laBgmenta. ' j A meeting of the Bawhna Marsh Protection anfe «nd twenty-three other member* «n Mr A. Deakis wrote Oat although he bad |»ii desire to re-enter poHfical life, atjg, tf the Ubeal itan desired ttn to oome iarvard far West Botntej he wonJ^js^p, OammmdeaaaH were •received from xSuEqtK W Bssendon, KeOse, Helton, Smbmy, BUadTs Greek, LanoetWM, Gisbome, and BIsckwood, stating that Mr Deakra would be strongly supported in^tooeejdiviaons. It »u ymiammoosly agre£3 ;'tb" l psk*mr- Deskin to come forward. It was movoL fef Mr William Anderson, seconded by Mr S. G. Cbk—That the snpport of this league be accorded to Heseis Cameron and Deakin at the forthcoming election for West Bonrke." Carried. Moved by Mr Mark Kyle, seconded ly Hr ffm. iyle—"That Messrs Cameron sud Deakin'a election expenses at Bacchus Marsh be defrayed by tins league at the next election." Carried un&mmooaly.; Moved by Kr W. By. ftPFariane, seconded by Mr G. Marshall—" That the present members for Grant, Messr* Lalor and Rees, be supported by this league at tbe forthcoming election." Carried. Tbe meeting expressed an opinion that both candidates should address the electors.on the same evening. It will be remembered that some few days ago a paragraph appeared in our columns referring to a scrimmage that took place between twe Corner men-- Following the little affair came the settling up before thebench at the (Sty Police Court yesterday, when .John Falconer applied to have Thomas M'Laren bound over to keep the peace. The evidence on the part of complainant and several witnesses showed that followed -plaintiff about the Corner, threatened to strike him with a stick, and said be would takebis life. Subsequently defendant did strike complainant with a stick, and someone shoved him against complainant, who thereupon knocked him down, believing that defendant had pnihed against him intentionally. Evidence having been beard for tbe JiJmwc defendant was ordered fo find a surety in the sum of J35 that he wonld keep the peace for six months, costs £3 3s. A cross case for assault was dismissed. A correspondent complains that the Railway Department has refused to grant a special train to ran from Ballarat to Geeloog when the races take place at tbs' latter town, except under conditions which "die race "dob cannot endorse. Perhaps Mr Woods wfll reconsider this matter, as the train is sure to pay the department if it should be ran, without sobjecting the club to any difficulties over the concession. A~meeting of the Searsdale branch of the Granville Reform LeHgue will be held ic the town hall, Scarsdsle, next Saturday evening, at eight o'clock sharp, to confirm, or otherwise, the action of the delegates in selecting Mr Davies and Mr A. Young to contest the eleefcorate at die forthcoming election. The "otherwise** reads superfluously, as a better resolution than the general conference adopted in this case coald not have been come to. The great Bass' Creek cattle case occupied the attention of the Smytheedaie bench of magistrates on Tuesday last for over two boon, and ended in favor of the herdsman. (Mr Jones), the defendant (Mr James j, bong ordered to give up the steer in dispute, or pay its valoa, with costs. It appeared from the evidence that the herdsman imponnded the steer, as it was not claimed on the quarterly banding day; that the animal was aold out of the. pound for 2Ss: that tbe -purchaser sold it with some others at O'Farrell'f yards, for 16seasfa, Mr Jones being the buyer. Afterwards, when Mr Jones took the steer ont to Boss* Creek, Mr Jaraes claimed it as one of his tbat he had been paying for, or which had been reckoned against him in the common books, and the matter was further complicated by his (Mr James*} brand appearing on the beast, which brand bad not been visible before, although both the herdsman and the poimdkeeper clipped the beast, and coald find oo brands, a fact which is explained by the thickness of the beast's coat in the winter season. There has already bees an inquiry into the affair by the managers of the common, which was adjourned to Monday next, 19 th instant, when, as Mr James is a manager, tbe plaintiff iu the police court will occupy a different position, as he is the herdsman of die common. A meeting of the Creswick branch of the Victorian Farmers' Union, and others, was held at Martin's hotel, Defc, on the 12 th instant; the president, Mr John Leishman in die chair. Business, *' To take into consideration the action •[ the produce dealers in Ballarat to purchase, Iran and after die 13th instant, all farm produce bags included." The chairman raid the report 'of the meeting of produce dealers in Ballarat on the 5th instant, and drew particular attention to that portion of the report where Mr Nicol objected to chaff-bags bang iaclnded. showing that, whilst tbe dealers would like the farmers to give in their bags, they, as regards their own business," are not inclined to follow suit. He then referred to the fact that farmers in Gippdand, and other parts of the colony, were taking .action in the same direction, viz., to secure a fair value for their bags when selling their produce. Mr M*Cormack moved, and Mr H. tf'Kayseconded, "That thismeetingcossider the action of Ballarat produce dealers, in resolving that on and after the 12th lost, all grain and potatoes be purchased bags included, unjust and unfair in principle, sa it will entail a very serious loss to the farmer." Carried. Mr Naples pointed ont that in .potatoes the price was often as low as 25s per ten. Tbe bags-coet about Ta 63, thus reducing the price to die farmer to a very serious loss. _ He (Mr Naples) moved, "That die secretary write to the various branch unions in die Creswick and Baltsrat districts, requesting their assistance and co-operation in resisting the imposed imposition, and suggest that a meeting Of all farmers in the districts be held in Bsllarat at an early date to consider this question." Seconded by Mr Kean and carried- Mr W. Rose moved, and Mr B. Warren seconded, "That the Farmers' Unions throughout the colony be requested to cooperate with this branch, 60 that a uniform role be -established, that the farmers' interests may be fairly dealt with in the idling of bis produce." Carried. Mr John Kean moved, and Mr Boss seconded, -"That this meeting strongly disapprove of die apathy shown by tire farmers' agents in Ballarat In their not resisting the action of the produce dealers, inquiring that -all r bags be given in with grain and other:produce purchased by them." Agreed to. A vote .of thanks to die chairman closed one of the largest, most influential, and representative meetings ever held in the district. A well-attended meeting of the Ascot Farmers* Union was held at the Ascot hotel on Monday evening, the 12th instant. The correspondence was read and dealt with, and two delegates were appointed te. represent the branch at a group meeting to be held shortly at Dayleaford; and several subjects to be brought before that meeting were discussed.' The. proposal of the produce dealers of" Ballarat, dot inxeUisg produce bags should be Included, was considered and unanimously condemned ; those present expressing their determination not to sell their bags. A resolution was psssed pledging the union to oppose the proposal by all means in their power, sod a committee was appointed to wait on the produce "agents on the enbjo£. Messrs Eyres Brail, ironmongers, of Start street, have on -view a -very fine line engraving of a wellknown picture in the National Gallery, by E. M. Ward, RA-, the subject of which Is Or Johnson awaiting an Jandience of Jjord Chesterfield. Tina picture was selected by the committee of the artntuao of London as tbe one from which to take engraved copies for presentation to eai& art-nnion subscriber, who clso received the chance of winning a valuable prizs, snch as an. oil punting, a group in bronze, staiuettos,.&c.; The pictnre presents the doctor sitting, and apparently unknown, amongst a miscellaneous throng, who all appear te be satisfied they wBI gain what is denied to the doctor—an audience with Lord Chesterfield. The mission on wblch Or Johnson had -come -was to! gain Lord Chesterfield's patronage to fab new dictionary.. The doctor went away disappointed, and the sequence was told as well a senteoce he note in tbe preface to his dictionary, as If lie had given volumes to ite description—« The patronage never came 431 it was not wanted." Tfhe engraving shows splendid workmanship, and the copies are fully worth a gninea each. Messrs Eyres Bros, are tbe local agents for tfce art-union.. The firstmeeting oif the committee re die benefit i concert. to Miss Davie* ni held last njght, in the Benevolent Asytnm were present—Messrs Steele {t&ainiian;}, B. lewis, - Wells, Erant, Cezaly, and 4. F. Spitlman (secretary). : The date ofthe concert was fixedfor Wedneeiday, Hth February, at the Amdemy of Mnaic. The tickets were ordered to be printed and diet-' tribated, arid it was nmlvBli to make en earnest aw»rf4olheptoblic(mt>dialfofdiefsiri«e^ who is. about to leave her satine piece. Efforts wstobemadeto«ecnrethe«ervicesor Miss Alice Bees and Mr Morooey, while the erase of the local talent will be indaded in the pn>grsmme, wiricJi will be «mewt the best ever preaented to a BaUuat anjBence; Mr P. Casily acting as conductor., The patronage and support of the eouM&s; and fin brjga&es; w>U he soltdted, and services. tof the band at die B.VJL eeanea if tssible. . The annual meeting of the members of the Smythesdale Volunteer Kre Brigade was held "fan Monday evening last in the brigade TOMB.Captain Shepherd pre®dea,«ad there was agpod attendance of teembers. Correspondence.—Strom dnfkesshown to ils rnmenitne st the ball oo Hew yesrUnigbt; from M. Bdy. xeafetfagjfe position«e*ioffieerandmember ot the brigade, •sliibiaawHiffval- frocB.the&etrict.; The re- ^eaadon was aedepted with rqrret. 1%e iiRcretaiy*s v Bntrasl 'rt^att was vsMtifl, sad Mrasrs y«nnonth. Haghes, »r Jordan, O'Bexn, Alpen, KdUnd, PfeMeta- Excdl, Hart nil Row? vtite of tiMOska-was passed to ti»4»ll «»iiHidttne *iraBfxtaawadWr BMidfe? tar t^HtMmi WwhlaliBu a^jtesftfito wiflt fteML for the jwandaKjpnr me eiwtod «a t^ows:— Captrin, xaentwnft Bettae; Untenant, air 3. Israeli,Junior; tea&aif;, Hr E. Kp^hta; tm- surer, Mr W. B. Hart; hose cffice.% Mr Spivey ; engine officer, Mr Shepherd: appa.""" otttoas; Mr G. Knrrison. A vote of thanks *« "J 1 *?" mouslypsMed to ex-Captain Shephera, ««? members aSjourned to" the Medmnics* li>. «itate, where they celebrated the installation of tit' rev captain by a dance, which was toept irp with s l'« nt K until an early hour. A meeting of the suppozters of Messrs Camp-" bell and Finlsysou was hdd last efjuuiug at Tatw Commercial hotel, when several dd^ates from the central committee were also present. Councillor Morgan was voted to the chair. After discussing tbe principal topics, a local committee was formed with power to add to their number. It was determined to hold another meeting next Tuesday At the Town Police Court yesterday, Mr Turpie presided, and dealt with two drunkards. John Joseph Armstrong and George Lawrence were remanded until Monday on a charge of breaking into the dwelling-place of Mary Barnes, and stealing therefrom a quantity of household effects and some money. A young bootmaker, named John Johnston, was admitted into the hospital yesterday "morning, suffering from a severe sprain of the right knee. Johnston was running for amusement near, the Weston Railway Station, when his foot clipping on a pebble, he sustained die injury mentioned. Mr A. T. Best, returning officer, announces today that be will proceed to the election of oeven members of tbe Pharmacy Board of Victoria, On the 5th next month. All particulars will be found in our advertising column*. The l&fct; day that nominations of candidate* will be received is tbe 21st of this montb- An amusing story comes to us from Melbourne, showing that a hearty cheer is quite as pleasurable to an old politician as applause to an actor, or die trumpet sound to an -old war-horse. ' Xt appears that after the Irith Famine Belief Fond meeting on Friday night last; a prominent burly knight and M.L-A., met a friend, and, smiling—as he alone can smile,—said " S , my boy, X have not been : so happy for many a dap as now." Why, what's the cause of all this hilarity??' interrogated the astonished friend. *' Oh, you wonld never guess it," replied the knight " I have just experienced the sensation of a good cheer—a thing I have been a stranger to for tbe past sixteen years. Come and let us'have, a sherry." And overcome with newly awakened feelings, and old metnorie«,_the happy man took, his companion's arm, and die two were shortly afterwards unsighted, as they vanished through die side-door of the White Hart hoteL A Urge number of onr readers will be interested to learn .that Mr W. Little has severed his connection with the firm of Masts Junes Oddii and Co., of Ball irat, otter -being connected with the estahlishmrai tfor fwenty-one yearn. Mr Little bis taken premises " adjoining the "office of Mesas Holmes and Salter, Lydiard street, and aa soon as •the necessary sJterationj fare been completed, he will start on las own account iu a land and general commission agent there. Mr tittle will commence btuinest under favorable. auspicSB, and everybody'orill wiA him the fullest success in bis new venture. We are glad to note -that the parents of Miss Ada Wi0ets,?he clever litde piariste, «re determined to deveinpe tothe utmost extent tbe great talent which she possesses; and for this purpose, Hiss Ada left Ballarat (her native city) yesterday, to resume -her studies under the immediate care and toition of the eminent pianiste Madame CarlottaTasca. " In addition to pianoforte manipulation, the talented young lady is undergoing a strict study of harmony and composition; and her quick perception for tins branch of music speaks well for future excellence. Since studying with Madame Tasca, her progress has been satisfactory alike to teacher and pupil. .Kb announced in our advertising columns to-day that special trains will be run from the country districts after the 15th instant, to encble parents and children to visit the Jnvenile Exhibition, Melbourne. The fares, indading tetnm,tii&t; will be charged by these trains are aa foDows:—Children, Is; teachers,2a 6d; *p«reoti, 4a. The «mly condition imposed is tint not less than S00 persons travel by these trains. T3ie thanks of all "parents are certainly £ne To Mr Woods lor these very liberal charges. A tea meeting will he held In the Chorrii of England schoolroom, Haddon, this evening, in aid of die church fond. We remind members of the Ballarat Central Bowling Club that the farewell complimentary meeting to Mir Thomas Bath will take place today. on the green, play commencing at two o'clock. We have received a copy of the card almanac for 1880, of the South British File and Marine Insurance Company of New Zealand, the agent for which in Ballarat is Mr Ad^m Eoibmjh, of Mair street. A parade of the 1st B.V.B. will be held this evening, at half-past seven; forage caps to be worn. We learn that Miss Augusta L. Dargon w3I give an evening's recitals at the Academy of Music at the end of the present month, asd Mr W. J. Gates . has been deputed to make the necessary arrangements. Special courts of petty sessions are announced for revising the jury lists of this district for the current year. Particulars appear in onr advertising columns. The annual notification of the Mining Board dection appears in our advertising columns to-day. The-vacancies are—One member for the Ballarst division, one member for the Steiglitz division,'one member for the Boninyong division, and one member for the Creswick division. Monday, the 9th of next month, is the last day thattiominstionB will be received for these sests. We have received the full-sized ..diary of the Norwich Union Fire Insurance Company for 1880. It is one of the most useful productions of die kind we have yet seen. The following telegram from Wedderburn appeared .In the Beti&go; Adeertiser of yesterday:— " Extensive and very destructive trash fires are at present (raging in the neighborhood of "Woosang. The consequences will probably be disastrous to some of the selectors inthe locality. The farms •f Messrs Thomas and George Morecroft, Teetgen, and Bohmersaehes are at present on fire. Over two miles of fencing have already been destroyed, and the chock-and-log fencing is now blazing fiercely. To make matters jroree a large quantity of grain In bags is lying in die paddocks which are on fire." Tbe VToodotd News says:—" Most of the bariey crops in onr district are now cut and etooked, «nd the other kinds of cereals are fast yellowing nnder the influence of the scorching mm. Wearesony to state the greater portion of bailey was cut long before ft ms ripe, owing to the havoc made In it bytbeeatefpUlare. The sample will therefore bfe * very unsatisfactory one. Several farmers are trying to save die£r oat cri^s from these pests by the^ novel plan of ploughing a deep fnirow aronnd the headlands," and. digging large holes in the bottom of the furrows about a hundred yards distance from each other. The caterpillars then tumble info die furrows, and being unable te crawl out along die bottom until theyfafl I'Mothe-holes. Tbey are then exterminated by pouring water into the holes, or scatteringlime upon them." A correspondent of the Castlamme Bepi emtatuu, writing from Maldon, Bays:—"I have been shown a telegram from Mr W. J. Blarney, of Bal- Urat, in which he definitely dedans Mb intention to contest the seat with Mr Service. After canvassing the opinions of many prominent electors, I fed assured.that be will secure a large measure of * tpport, especbilly if heroes oa a One liberal ticket. Mr Blarney is wdl known and greatly respected, as a sterling and upright man, and as a minister (when in Maldon) be was greatly esteemed. His discourses were fluent,arid if beonly socceeds haU as wdl on the public platform as a speaker, he will prove no meanadversary for: the Honorable James. Indeed, if heroes "not emmet; him, heviljinldaa vtiyaevere aheimg." . . Aprqfoimdfed^r of Tesret fsays the Zafief £ became known that Addegram had been received from Ballarat annoandng the precarious condi-1 don of MrG. Kohlett, one of the eSdnt and west' reapected reridents tf the district. Mr NoUett faadof late yean been a martyT to rhetimKtxna, - and was induced to try the hydmpi^hic systc» »: the hope oF ohtalniug rdief- Be was aa iraoate of the Ballarat hydroparhie bathing establishment since the commencement of Hovember, bnt ea Saturday it became apparent that iiis end «nta near, and a tdeeram waa despatched for Mrs Sob. lett and Mr M*C3dUna. wfaoleft by the 519 tnoa We team that no their anival Kt BalWrat. V r Noblett was aneonsdaoa, and died about half-pa s the eame eveidng. Th» deeeued wsa fir —, t in supporting the institutions of the -fee w and bemg a mis of consiierable raeartS-tir , (erects in die several imBiag ventures in IheV ^jitv were large and important. His gmial t-" willingnestat all times to promote aw^obnet for the benefit of bis ac^aminces, tt^^, h«tof menHe, who wfll tang mo^a »J £££ turedepartnea from aaangst them.a^?. BVd the •ffld—his absence fraa the toria^^at^ cSrdes ^banttebaa (wen a* ptoaiMy it^ffi^t • ftTWuravoof reofjhe lateOniitrJile Bowen. ^ tothatcfaiaainwtttB ny * matUe v.-ountoent whidi' t)» • 'H.ib style ofthe toommtet testing upou : e^ti¥mte Ins^ptiM*npo^it'l?^1 fo^i" Ic Edwajd -Mostyn Webb Bowen, Senior- con«.Lr {a tbe New South Wales Police Force B mortally- wounded whtn bravely performinl^* dn^ in aa encounter with armed criminals .5 s Wantabadgery, on the I7th November 18-a n diedat Gandagai on the 23rd November",,,?* aged twenty-eight years. Erected by the G™!!' ment of New South Wales.*" * A rumor is afloat that Sullivan, who » to. ch a sensation in New Zealand some fe» by the way he used to murder and roh^* goId-4iKg«-i, was seen af«r days ago 4t the f. of Mr J- Sloan, which is about three miles Wangawto. It appears (says the JTrao^f Vipatck) that some young men, who venh vesting in MrStoanV firm, and sleeping i n rh„T r ; at night, ware awakened by a Snock at the d^C Upon .the door b&ng; opened, a csan entered was immediately recognised as being Sulfivin New Zealand murderer, by one of & yoanrW who had met him before on a atattein New^&r;^ Waits. Heloriked very miserable, and aslSf something to eat, which was given him. HeaS demanded a coat and trousers, but tbia coald he given iim, B3 the men had no spare cloch2f Sullivan said he would fflotleave thebnttmuiT*'" plied with them, and die young men, rather argue the question out With him—for he nnarmed,-as he carried a long -sheath-knife— away, and lert him in poeseesion of rtTiTT Before they lirft, Suflivan asked them whereh^ coold get a burse, as lie wanted to g0 0B, Jf Warby'a ranges to tranioct a lirOe business n? die young men retnrning to tbs hut in the mani ing, Sullivan had decamped. Mr Alexander Marks, J.P., one of the comroi. stoners for the Melbourne International ExftaL don, has just received (saya the Argus) inaS^ unofficially that the Japanese Governmental making extensive preparations for the represent!! tionaf the Empire at tbe ExhUntion. of over 34,000 yen, equivalent to £7000 ^ been eet apart for tbe official erpendirure amount being within -£3000 of that voted by ^I French Bepublic for a similar purpose. Mr Marin resided is Japan for many years, and since tU appointment to the commission he hss lost do on portunity of pushing the interests of the Md bourne Exhibition In that country. Although no oSicisl intimation has yet reached this Garera meat, the inforinatiBn ia aerived from a tfcoronshlr -reliable source. v. - - - 'The Ga^mg AdoocaU etyB tbs.ton Wednesdar evening a Branderstorm of'unusual violence came up from die south and broke over Gulgong Th e rain descended in torrents, jdduging the gutters and penetrating the iron roofs of honseB. For over an tionr peats of; thunder, acoimpsnied bv vivid lightning, kept up a deafening and dazzlini roar^nd flash,indksdngbow- fnlly^the atmosphere was charged with decaicity. Just as the storm was at ite height Intimation reached the police quarters that aMrs Devlin, rending on Slaughteryard HHi, bad been stniii by the lightning, and while a messaiger>a> proceeding for Dr Birnird another message had been received that a girl named Amy HaigaretFuUer had alsoheen stricken down at tbe residence of Mr Thomas Grooo situated on the Bed Hill,- in a line with DeTlisV and about 300 yards to the north. The doctor .without *. moment's delay,-proceeded to the placet named, and did all in bis power to restore respiration, bnt in vain; the vital spark had flsd. Mn Devlin leaves three ehadren, and wss near her confinement. Miss Fuller was sn amiable ycung girl aged thirteen years, end had .been staying on a vieit at Grono's, where she met her death. A meeting of delegates from several portions of the West Bonrke electorate was held (ssys the Argxs) at the Cafe Gnnsleron Monday afternoon, for the purpose of deciding whether Mr Samnel l! Stanghton or Mr Joeiah Mitchdl should be dioaai as the second Conservative candidate at the ens ning general election, Mr Harper, one of the present members, being the other Conservative candidate. Mr Stanghton was present, and stated his politics! Tiews. aod Mr Mitchell's W£re submitted by a friend of lss. *It was bedded, by twenty-two votes loniae,to anpportMr Staunton. ? The negotiatians (says the jl -<) between the Treasurer mnd ^he ten assooatied banks have been ^tacg on f« sobe -weeks, and now it seems probalne that eome temporaryairangemen t will have to be made. In whidi the Iwnks trill gain more advantageous conditions. The terms agreed to are —let, that the ordinary pahUc account current, when the balance recedes below £50,000, shall not bear interest; 2nd, the town departmental accounts, like those-of the country, shall not bear any interest whatever; and, Brd, that the new agreement shall not be terminated without frreke months' notice oh either Bide. The Treasurer hss done bis utmost, to resist these conoessione, bat the representatives of the banks were united, aud determined to insist upon compliance with their terms. The overdrawn condition of the public account, the backward tendency of the revenue at the present time of the year, combined with political considerations, have induced the Treasurer to endeavor to come to some conciliatory arrangements with the bink*, Sn orda to prevent a financial crisis in the colony." Mr Berry offered toagree to the terms aaked for, provided the banks wonld deal with the Government aeparatdy instead cf unitedly.. The banks, however, refused to dcsl with the Government except in association. The result of the whole business will not be altogether unimportant. One of. the items in the political programme which the Chief Secretary proposes to place Before the country at the next general election will probably: be the establishment of a national bank. The. men employed by the- Harbor Trust enloading silt, about .eighty.in number, struck work (says the Age) on Monday, for.an increase of wages from 7s per pontobn, which they h&rs; taen reodving for the last three months, to 8s. Tfcie is about equal to le per day. " They were reduced 1« per pontoon durii^ tbe unemployed agitation, and they now aik that this chilling be returned,&e; they urge that they cannot .earn a living at the reduced rate. In the aftexnooa the -men saw Mr Brady, engineer of the Trust, who advised them to return to work at the reduced fate, but the men refused to return. Mr J. L. Purves, the member for Mornington, has issued an address to. the electors (says the Argiis) intimating that he has decided not to offer inmsdf for re-election in that district at the next general election.' Last nighfs SendJ says that Mr Frank Stephen will stand in die Conservative interest for this seat. " - Sir Ardubald Mk4ie has (states the Gtelotg Times') written to Mr W. H. Carpenter, secretary to tbe Political Befonn Association, intimating that be has no present intentions of standing for any constituencyat the neEtgeqeriil election. Extensive bush-fires (says the Arffvs) raged near Ararat on Monday. • Early iu the afternoon it "became rumored that two people had been burnt out; but this proved subsequently to be incorrect. Only the fencing cf die places was destroyed, though the people were ao frightened aa to remove then- fnrnitore to a positioh ef safety. The fires nave BOW been subdued. A fire, supposed to be thevorkof an Incendiary, was discovered on the farm of Mr Sogan, at Wbbronooke, near East Chariton, on Saturday night. After great ciffienlty, die fire waa stopped, -but not before SOC yare^ of fencing had -been, destroyed. Another fire, caused by hoys lighting fireswhen out rabbithunting, broke outon 'Suadav on the farm of Mr Howe, of Chariton, and ranch damage was done;, indeed, the fire had nearly spread to the-adjoining aeleetion of Hr SWjennan before it was stopped. Some etupriee (says the-A^e) was expressed on Monday in litoary circln, when it became known that Mr Georee Bohertson, publisher of- the Mdhowme Review, had refaseilo continue the publication of the last smaller. ~ The reason alleged ta this step, which sstcteished no oce tnere than the respensihle condncttm oE3he Btmtc, was that it contained a lstter to the Bishop of Melbourne Written by Marcos C3aifea, aad that tbis letter bad given great effent* to. a jarge and respects!® •ection at die comcnmni^'. The conductors of t® 6 jonmaI »ere of cenra powe^Me in the mstta-, and, net witbhty to-'qaaffet vridt the publish they bad to eobmity mdtwiAstkndiiig that there was C great isafl -growinfe ydife demand for tite numt-M, Oor«antenq>cmy nndentands it i»»" tendrfto reprfiat die letter In a pamphlet torn. tf Drysdsle thii sermon T®»ya-Arthhf' Adzminer) are the i»>avieet~b90wn r t enortnsDa. Some bailey just threshed ont in the Same neighborhood gaVecver SO bushels rer acre. . . . 