NEWS OF TME Dii<¥. OUR cablo-message of this morning regarding Eastern ,afraii'3 BOmewhat modifies that published yesterday, which was to the effect that Turkey had replied to the ultimatum of the European Powers, and had promised to fulfil the articles of the Berlin Treaty with regard to Montenegro within tho stipulated time, namely, taree weeks. This morning's message .tates that the Porte has met tho demaads of the Powers by making counter-proposals with respect to the future frontier of Montenegro. It is hoped, tho' massage adds, that if the Powers acquiesce in the step proposed, concerted European actions against Turkey will be avoided. Meanwhile, in view of the com- plicated position of the Eastern Question, ordow have , beep given by the Servian Government for an exten- sive, mobilization of the army of that principality. \- A C4.1U72QBAM was received front th« ohampion | soulier yesterday morning by Mr. Hunt, the lessee .£ Tricketts Hotel. Triokett tuja that be is in splendid health, and that ho has arrived at Putney, where he has taken up his quarters with Harry Kelley, his trainer. MOSDAT next- is ft bank holiday in New South Wales, in »esordataoe with the Badk Holidays Act. ^Vi have instituted inquirios into the whole of the circumstances attending the awarding of gold medals at the late Sydney International Exhibition, and tho result iä stated in an artioie in another column. It would appear that, with tho exception of a few special cases, the Commission never bound themselves to award any particular kind of medal, and it is therefore discretionary on their part whethor tboy give silver or bronze medals. BY the steamer Wentworth, which loft for Melbourne ' I yesterday evening, a .portion of the exhibits for the ; Molboûrhè Exhibition worei taken. Mr. Jules Joubcrt ! will leave Sydney this evening, and proceed ovorland to ; Melbourne, for. tho purpose of there receiving tho New South Wales exhibits, and superintending their arrange- ment in the space allotted to this colony. It is to be "regretted that intending exhibitors from thia colony havo not complied with the roquost of the Commission, 'and forwarded their exhibits to the Garden Palace by .the advortieed date. 80th July, in which oaso they would have been forwarded to Melbourne jesterdav. Mr. Hotham, ! the Secretaryfío"ths.-New South.'Wales Commission, has'taken advantage of every pe-Biibl». op I portuuity for impressing upou intending exhibitor* the I desirableness of forwarding their goods in proper time, I and almost daily, for months past, advertisements'have appeared in our business eolumn3. fixing the 80th in- stant as the date for receiving exhibits. Notwithstand- ing this* lees than half of the total number promised I have come to hand, and theresult will be that those who now send their exhibit» will have to accept the'risk of having them disadvantageous!/ placed in the comte at Melbourne. It is hoped that tho whole of the ,jo maiwler ol' the articles from this colony, intended for exhibition, will be forwarded hy steamer next week.. Tua scarcity of water >in tho suburbs seem» to be \- creating much inconvenience, inasmuch as residents in some of them which aro.not-connected with the general oystem liavo to travel some diatanco. to-obtain their supplies. vTho. Balmain.people seem to bo ßuß'ering as badly aa any in this respect, and luckily the Couuoil there are awake to the omergency. , After the matter hud been agitated by them eome time beforo the Government and the City Counoil, a deputation, con- sisting of tho Mayor of Balmain and soveral aldermen, obtained a promise from tho Ministor for Works, yes- terday, that the reservoir at Petersham in connection with the Nepean water supply system should ba pro« coeded with as early as possible. When tho work ia completed tho City Council will fill the reservoir' by means of a main from Botany, and will also' undertake the laying of reticulation pipes from the .reservoir to Balmain ; and it is anticipated that before long tho residents of that important borough will, so far'as a supply of water is concerned, bo in as satisfactory a posit,;*...-!* fii.-iir neighbours. ' THE coal discovery at wes«, -n.-i-.~i- :" ,,nt 0£ grcat importance, nor indeed of unusual-interest. In the inc* place, th6 seam is a very thin ono : and in the second, its presence is not of necessity an indication of à lower and'better measure.. Similar seams are commonly met with in tho sandstone of Port Jackson, and eoem to have been formed of small quantities of vegetation rolled down and deposited when-the standstonô- stratum settled. Sometimos a small patch of coal is'encoun- tered, a patch which is evidently the carbouiseil remains of some great tree trunk, which, ages ago, has drifted and been buriod in tho sand. The coal discovered by Mr. Spooner, at Balmain, is highly bituminous, and, would, if it could be obtained in larger quantities, answer wall for gas-making, as it ignites very readily. The Government geologist, Mr. 0. 8. Wilkinson, who tested it, says that seams Of similar coal, up to six inohes in thickness, have been met with here, and that in making the road round Fort Macquarie, {hisMabouiers .cut« seam two inches thiok. Ii' will be learned by many with regret, althougbycot' perhaps with much surprise, that'it is net the'intentíon of the present proprietors of the property on whioh th» old Victoria Theatre stood to rebulld that one», popular . house of amusement. The ground ie to bs «old in,» lot or lots, as may be deemed advisable, and'ifc «f course then remains with the future owners to decide in whioh way to usa it, whether in the ereotion of-awiew temple of'tho drama or-ia^ another direction altogether. A supptEMEsoito .the Government Gazette^uTiliB^eî yesterday, contaius-a table showing the annual rental ito, be chargea for pre-emptive leases, copieB,of frénicas he obtained at the Governmen't'Printing Office. Tasiand district-.of Hayhas been divided^ntostwo parts,, whioh are now named Hillston and Hay Írespectively. The boundaries..'of the districts ai» defined in a supplement to the "Government Gfxette published yesterday. ...... Ix the Supreme Court yesterday, hil Honer, Mr. Justice Windeyer, after disposing of the business !n tho public chamber and an application 'in'.the; Divorcé Court, resumed the trial of the slander action Cohen v. Friend, in whioh the jury gave ;a verdict¡ for the defendant. In "Dr. O'Connor v. the pr*] prietors-of the Evening News," for damage* "for hbo1,; tried before Mr. Justice Windeyer, the jury ,gafV*| wi diet for the plainüíT with damages £500, In^" Harris v. Harris," tried before his Honor Sir William Manning, an ejectment action to reoover possession of a portion of the Ultimo Estate, a verdict was entered for the plaintiff, withjleavercservedto the defoñdant'ro mouthe Court on points raised during the trial. In Equity, his Honor Mr. Justice Hargrave (Puisne Judge), after disposing of a-number of cases in Chamber«, de«16''*ilh Hall v. Hall and others, and Chamberlain'and others v. Andrews and-ofhers. ih Court. AT the sittings of-the Quarter Sessions, whioh were continued at the Darlinghurst Court-house yesterday, the following business was transacted ;-Miohaeí O'Grady, convicted of furious driving, was sentenced to two months' imprisonment, and a fine of ls.,j Agnes llargrave.jwho pleaded guilty to a charge of attempting to commit suicide, was set st liberty, bail being found for her good behaviour for three months ; Joseph full- brook, convicted-of feloniously wounding a constable, was remanded for sentence; Harriet Evans was "aoquittod of a charge of stealing from the person; Theodro Beece,Jconvioted of a chargejof obtaining money by false pretences, was sentenced to sis months'' im- prisonment; Alexander Lowe waa acquitted of a-oharge of unlawfully wounding.; Susan Fisher, and Ahöe Lebrun were convicted of larceny, and sentenced Fisher to two years', and Lebrun to one year-s hards labour; Edward. Kelly was acquitted ona charge of stealing from the person. TUB first case under the new Copyright Act wa9 conoluded at the Control Police Court yesterday after- noon. Bretnall, Brothers, sued J« C. Jarrett, und« the 10th seotion, for having pirated the copyright, of their trado protection circular ; and after all the evidence for the complainant« had been taken, it was áfgued for the defence that no proof had been given of the defendant's ..connection with the publication. The Bench took this view of the matter, and, upholding the objoctiom dis- missed tho oase, with £6 6s. costa to the defendant« A report will he found in another column. ¿at abstract of alleites for cities, towns, and vii*, -lagos, dsolared under the 4th section of the-Act 25 Victoria, No; 1, which waa recently presented-to Par- liament, gives the following information :-Town of Meadow Lee, 140 aorea, suburbs 180 acree, county Eox burgh, parish Falnash-; village of Macquarie, aeres, suburbs 265 aeres, county Bathurst, pariah Neville; town of CoUeotor, 150 sores, attbusbs 570 acres, county Argyle, parish Collector; viHágé of-' Kyuga, 130 acres, suburbs 180 acres, county Brisbane, parish Ellis ; village of Bunyan, 100 aeres, Gaburbs "540 aerea, county Beresford, parish Bunyan ; - town. of'. Wardell, 102 acres, suburbs 610 aerea, county Bone, parish Bingal*; vÜlage of Muttama (ostensión, SO* acres), county Hardon, parish Mooney Mooney ; village, of Wollar (extension to suburbs), 340 acres, county Phillip, pariah Wollar; town of Tumut, 080 aorea, Buburba 1250 acres, county Wynyard, pariah Tumut; town of Nowendoc, 370 adres, suburbs 650 acres; couhtf Hawes, parish Nowendoc; village of Kingston, 2Ô0 acres, suburbs 1086 aeree, county Mitchell, parish Burke,; village of Copmanhurst, 800 acres, suburbs 280 acres, county Clarence, parish Copmanhurst; village of. Drake, 100 acres, suburbs 680 acres, county 'Drake, parish West Fairfield; village of Mendooran, 286acres,. Buburba 700 acres, county Napier, parish Mendooran, I AM abstract (recently laid before Parliament) of^ Crown lands authorized to be dedicated for publia pur- poses, in accordance with tho 5th section of tho Act SS victoria, No. 1, enumerates the following :-Parish «f i Rowland, S acros, for Churoh of England fcemetesyi Lawson, about 22 acres, for piiBlio recreation, j' parish of Lismore, 7 acres 3 roods 30 perohes, for a general cemetery ; village of Lismore, 2 roods, for a School of Arte ; village of Macquarie, 8 anea 3 roods 88 peronea, for a general cemetery; town of South Gratton, &) aores, for publicreoroatiohalid *ater supply; panal» of Umutbee, 6 acres 3 roods 18 perches, for a general cemetery ; town of Tumut, 1 acre 1 rood £ peroh, for a School of Arte ; parish of Burdekin, 4 aores 2 roods 21 perohes, for a general cemetery ; town of MurrirabooHa, 87 perches, for a mechanics' institute ; Newtown Hoad, about 5 perches, for public purposes j town of .South. Wagga Wagga, 5 acres 1 rood 4 perches, for publio recreation ; town of Wentworth, 160 aores, for publia purposes. An area of 20 aores, parish of Bourke, has boen dedicatod for the Use of the 'Central Australian Pastoral' Association, in accordance with'the 82nd section of tho Act 80 Victoria. No. 18. A coKFEBEîfoB of office-bearers in the various branches ! of the Church of England Temperance Sooiéty waa held j on Thursday evening, in the Ohuroh Sooiety'u Booms, ] when many of the branohes mooting in the vioinity i of Sydney were represented. The ohair was taken by ¡ the Hov, A. W. Pain. The meeting was of an alto- gether private character, the discussions taking place upon subjects almost entirely relating to the rhanogo mani nt fha various branches. A vety iatere»tina: . 'mating was héia, andrit wa« ref aired to wauest tn« Central Committee to cáll another conference at ai early date.' ?. Tita-Council of the New South Walea'Art Society held:ito second meeting at the No. 2 Coffee Palace la's! night. The first exhibiten was fixed to be heldin th« beglnningflf^Decomher nest. Tho electionof twel»e,new member» was ¡the only ether hueiness transacted. Thera ii« no doubt that the members will dotheirheet-to maka their first exhibition a success by. a steady application to the olijeotrtn view, .namely the advancement of art. When thoy display a decided interest in this direction the Government will probably render nróetance. 0» Wednesdaydaitrtha^Oharity OrganizatfottSoeiety held their ordinary fortnightly meeting. Dr.^ A« ' 'GávrrniípreBiaing. After ithcoTdinary formal businesi 4he cbáirmanTéaoVa.-letter from Mr: E. T. Hall, who . íhad kindly forwarded ten guineas for the above society, : with a view that others would do likewise." Thia money was -subscribed by a few gentlemen who wer* desirous to support an institution whose object waste .reduce' mendicity, and relieve the deserving poor. Thanks'are duetto those gentlemen, also to other kind friouds who ha»e sent parcels of clothing to the eoolety's office, in Elizabeth-street. Daring the past ?fortnight seventy-three persons, havo applied for relief ; with the exception of eight, who were undeserving- «ti' wero relieved according to their necessities. This humber comprised 25 married couples, 2 widows, ands 46 single men, '.'?,.,. THE Parramatta Annual Ball, one of the pleasantest events of the season, took, place in the Parramatta School of Arts last night. A most attraoüve sight mel 'the eyes of'thoso who attended it, the hall being deco- rated with evergreens and flags in excellent taste, and being also brilliantly lighted. Flowers were wreathed y. ,manged emblematically ou the walls, and groups of ferne praceu ii: T«r.FIS3E3, while here and there wera trophies of flogs. Daneiu& rmmenoed.at 9 o'clock, to the music of Herman's Band, and uv. -.w. tím8 aDOU^ 60 couples were present, several of whom wer« Sydnoy. At an appropriate hour an adjournment wai made to an excellent sUppor furnished by Mrs. Batten Mr. W.. Enry officiated as master of ceremonies, and also assisted Mr. W. Soarkes,' Mr. G. Hock, and Mr. ii ' Taylor in carrying, out the general arrangements. Wadearn from th»Melbonrse papers that on Monday last the Attorney-Général granted the following appli- cation for letters patent :--J. K. Nev, ton, engineer, ol Sydney, New South Wal*3, for " The Eureka Lnbrfr eating Compound Company's lubricant and cops." This application was opposed by Mr. John Walieryei 8ydney»iut-iwa8grant*d,-eubj6ot to restrictions. ^ A COIIBE8F(ONDEHT write»-:-" The Chancellor in hie exhaustive address on Commemoration Day omitted to remark ou Ono, amah .rnatfor connected with the TTnivei* ^Itj^ whiohl wishto direct attention, viz., the old ial^ornor*ti£lániuon which persone havo to' cross th« creak i>y tho'OvaL Though not a student myself,]? often come-across,,, the University domain of un evening, retuming>%m office,, and, not being long in the colony* I ameo'rnewhati eurpnsed'-that eo primitive a kind cl crossing Bhöuld*-be still in -use. lt may seem impertí -nent in one who doesmofctwoar. a aguare cap to writs, aboutthematter.Tft all-.; but, though the thoroughfare; 'ísjoniBufferanoe on1y,.s£íll f think it desirable that peo* pie-ëhoutd be ablB io breathe the pure aoademio air in thoèepad^o6k9,<and<thàJi ladies ehouldte'ablo-todo so, WithboltaiBk'of-tacciaent'todife^^mbi'' Mn-\^lH.i!BDZAi:.ojy, the proprietor of''the lîecfe 7mpiijfonïBuZÎ(!i{rt,.(hed in that'wwnen the 27th July«, The* deceased gentleman arrived in Sydney in 1852,' and was for two y^ars. engaged as-a compositor on thc Sydney Morning Harald;-and afterwar dj started a joh* SirintmgiOffice^in'George-streat. In I860.he proceeds! o Queensland: .and started theyS«ifcr^> ot;%hioh»iie wasiproprietor^when-'he^died* ]^aTOTaa^ng^M»<be. honest,- however-strong-the^ temptation moy be io* lum to be the reverse ; and i ^0ne^t'*ot;»houhl not needoo be recorded. . Nc-twith standing the ?i^'ism,..however, an incident ooourred en Thursday^ wh^h-'doçOves chroniolihg. . Ah uncrossed oheqn» for 4^0. drawn . by on« ot tho coal corapamesj in -fajroar of,' -fha cáptala of a stram boat, v&as; picked . between the Deadhouse, Cir*ular>Quajj, aw fte Cü»»om»hr>uá% by a working man, who, unft«.tujuitolf%t him, hoe been out of em ployifor some time. The finder immediately took th« ?cheaue to*the oftwe-.óf tho.eomperry who had isaued it, andHhe captain, who is on.» voyage fruin Sydney« and . may sot yet be a^vnite ot the los», will find, when hs 'reaohes'hl* port-oi destination, a»<intimatk>n that*the chequeatutawaittfhis acceptance.. Ar-abotrt»half-j>as1r'12tr*clock yesterday aftemoömaö etplpsiori'ef gas took place-in the Ballway Yards, Red- fern, which; buMor the vigilance and activity displayed by some of the officials prèBent at the timé, might Í*&v;é been attended by rather Beriôus consequences. Il appears, that-one of the workmen was engaged at the forge. Situated near the gasometer, and heedlessly placed .atar of red-hot iron into tho well surrounding the meter. The gas, invariably floating about the apparatus, Immediately ignited, and the flames Spread tb soini adjacent buildings and threatened considerable destruc- tion. Water was, however, quickly thrown upon th* .'fire, an&Vbef;óre the brigades iftriVbd, wbiéhthôyBpeedilj dWI^t'-was quite subdued. ON Wednesday tight, .at about half-past ll, a mac whose name is at.present unknown, went into Willis's Hotel 'in Sussex-street, in a condition of advanced .intoxication, and asked for a bed, to which he expressed -his intontidnt of retiring immediately. Ch his way td the room, lrowever, he appears to have missed his footing (rad farren over the banisters into a passage below, near the door of the bar parlour: líe wai pickett ' Up and conveyed to the Infirmarji and he now remains in that institution in ah insensible state, but with every prospect of a speedy change f óie the better. lilia believed that his name is John Bax- ter, and* thaine is a resident of Bathurst ; but it is advis- able to publish the following desorivjtion with á view ta assisting.'in his identification : He appears about 80 vearsiOf agg- istS^oill inohes in height, Well made, -and wears ffllttle hair of a grey colour about his face átfd-chihj he iè^cimewhat bakl cn thc top of his heady and is dressed ih«,Maok paget coat and black double« breasted -reefing jtakei with a black velvet collar, grey mixture f^eea trousers and vest, white Socks, and elastic side 'boots, and a soft white felt hat. In his pookets were some papers, including an account of j wages irom:J. Gardiner, or Graham, tô John Baxter; aM-Ws-.watohi. a ëllyer-geneva, No. 12779, was attached lltb-a-steel* altiertíchain. SKwoH-sB.r«3EANo^M^DoHAiiD,reported to the City .tío^rónet, yesterday morning, that on the, previout night a .boy named James Bugdon, 14 years oí |age, died in the Infirmary, Deceased was the sol ¡.et Wallam Bugdon, a boiler maker, of 62, Bow-* man-street, and had/been .employed as \ messenger in the Colonial Sugar Opmpany'B worksi Pyrmont Ai about half-past 8 o'clock on Thursday - morning, deceased, a maa named Walter Brown, and . a boy named Henry Locke went up from th« ground to the first floor bf the. building ia which he was employectan one of the hydraulic lifts. A« tilts first floor the lift was stopped,, and Locke stopped Örf, leading deceased upon it for a minute with the driver, and <he 4 latter, thinking he wished ta descend.' éét'thé macninery in motion, and vifhile gpin| dowhwûrdi deceased tried to jamp oä on to the. floor, butthèéàp o- tho Eft stauet him and orushéà iiixh bitten it and thé floor. Ah inquest will probably ba h«ld on the- reiaaihs. A,«miob»-r1re brpke-oui oaWednwday, in the bush at th» real:©* A« Measw. Soobiea* and Mr. S¿ Ander- son^ properties within two milts of West Maitland. Mesera. Sechie had aiange number of reen beating bach tue flame» ..from their houses, vineyardj orohardi and fenoing. %. Anderson waa, unfortunately, away in Sydnejj, and the fire ran ihrough his vineyard, and destroyed a considerable amount of fcueing; and.other- wise damaged the property. It is unusual to hear of a bushfire at this time af tba year ; but everythinghai become very dry from the long absence of rein, «ad a apark-ia «fl Äat is.wiquiïed to kindle a flame. A wv named'John Mason, eisrht years of age, wai admitted into the. Infirmary yesterday morning, by Dr; Moftitt, suffering frem a very severe wound on the right ¡foot, which he had received through, being knocked down and rim over in Dixon-street, near the railway station, bf a wool dray. THJC following is the report, of the Benevolent Asylum for the week ending 27th July, 18SÖ :-. Admitted, 2.women, 2 children; births, 6; deaths, 4 j disoharged, 8 wómon, 8 children; remaining in th« ho^ se, 86 women, 167, children ; fresh applications foi relief, 5 ; provisions distributed, 975 loaves bread, 144 lbs. beef. 899 lbs. floùiv.and I mall ouantitiag.of.og.fc» í ------ : lineal, sago, and sugar ; cases reported by tbe insp i7 ; total number relieved, 240. THE following is a return of tin ore received at eastle and Morpeth, for the week ending 24th Jul '.Tamworth, ll tons 8 cwt. 1 qr. ; ditto, 24,ton ¡cwt: : total, 85 tons 16 cwt. 1 qr. Return of. c < .oro received at Redfern station for the week ei : >24th July, 1880 :-Wellington, 8071 ingots, 280 J--89 tons IS cwt. 3 qrs. ; Orange, 017 ingots-G , 1.0. cwt 3 qrs. : total, 4S tons 14 cwt 2 qrs. : OH Tuesday afternoon (the Argus reports) two y . -women, named Annio and Jessio Smith, aged respect 21 and 18, the daughters of a respectable farmer al ¡Forest, Ooburg, met with an untimely death. 1 /the statement of the father, it appears that his daug .lieft home on Monday afternoon at 5 o'clock, io .jpurpose of seeing a Miss McKenzie, who resit ¡Brunswick, and was on a visit at Mr. Smith's, as f . -the Sydney Road. Hero tho girls separated, tho il iSmith returning in tho direction of their father's li 'As the girls did not return to Box Forest, it was sun that, as the night was dark and stormy, they had ste at a neighbour's till morning. Inquiries were made i early part of the day, but no information could be .. of the missing girls, and anxious fears began to b tertaihed about them. Sergeant Joyce, with a nu: pf persons, made a vigilant search in all the padc . /adjacent to their homo, but no traces could be foui ¡them.' However, a Mr. Bradley was passing thr< ' ia paddock where there is a waterhole, and ho obsc two hats floating on the surface of the water, constable stationed at Campbellfield was close by, he procured a rake, with which ho drew out tho. bi of tho unfortunate girls. They were then convey< .their father's house to await a coroner's inq How they got into the water is a mystery. The j ..where the bodies were discovered is barely half a ¡from their home, and it can only be surmif»«"} taint that, in endeavouring to - ""°rc c"t' thc.v into the hole, the °«ng dark and tho 1 etormy t*-*'*""1 "eea experienced for a long time. J.J. CURIOUS business transaction 19 thus reported in ¡Melbourne Daily Telegraph :-A land agent, weil kn (about Melbourne for years, who is now awaiting t «ailed in January last on the firm of Jennings '. Jennings, solicitors, and, producing a number of old d ¡of property belonging to himself, at Footscray, expre ja desire to borrow a sum of £1000, offering to leave -:deeds, which he represented to be genuine, as secui (The necessary searches wero mada in the Regist .General's office ; but as no evidence was to be met v Ishowing that the deeds were not good, Messrs. Jenni ¡approved of the security, and advanced the mo leoHcited. Some months after the transaction had I (Completed, it was discovered that the Bank of Victo jwas taking steps to sell the identical land upon wi jthe advance had been made,- and on making inqui jit, was ascertained that tho bank, had a previ ^mortgage, for something more than £1000, wi had been obtained in tho following manner .Tho land, which Thomson represented as under old statute-had in fact been brought under Torre; Act, and. a certificate of title issued to him, but .officer of the Registrar-General's department had 1: jlected to cancel the old deeds, and asa consequent ^mortgage was first obtained on the . title, and sui h.uently on the old deeds. The Laud Act provides (tho compensation of persons suffering through the ne] genoe of the department by means of un insure ¡lund, and on tho foregoing discovery having been mi a claim was sent in to the Government by.Mes: ¡.Jennings for the refund of £1000. After considera ?correspondence, extending over the greater portion 0: ?year, tho Government consented to the refund be TOâdë, provided the offender was prosecuted, and th« fore,-at the direction of the Crown Law Dcpartme and that they might not be extensive losers by transaction, Mr. J. II. Jennings issued a warrant the arrest of the land agent. \- 'WE learn from the' Argus of Tuesday that a spe( Berrico: of thanksgiving for the arrival of the Ki{ ¡Rev.-.Dr. Pearson, who ie on his way to take charge Jthe bishopric of Newcastle, New South Wales, was h nt All Saints'.Church, East St. Kilda, on Mond night, i The Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop bf M Jjourhe,. the. Right Rev. Dr. Thornton, Bishop Ballarat,* and î-the Very Rev. the Dean of Melborn ¡were present,' and about 40 of the clergy of the dioc attended. The sermon was preached by the Bishop ¡Newcastle, who selected as his text Romans xii. He spoke, gratefully of the kind reception accord ito ; him, viewing it not merely as evidei of kindly.!feeling to himself, but BB an earnest of .desire our the part of churchmen in Victoria to r .above personal, local, and diocesan interests, and exte .their sympathies to the people among whom how Igoing. He observed that, if the new-comer miss here those grand antiquities which centuries Christian civilization had left in England, he saw 1 the other hand many cheering signs of Christian oucrg The,bishop glanced cursorily at the growth oft colonies within tho brief space of time that h elapsed since they,comprised but an arch-deaconato the bishopric of Calcutta, and concluded with 1 earnest exhortation to his hearers to take courage fro the past, to lise above petty interests, to avoid the.me pursuit of wealth and of selfish aims, and to cultiva that feeling of brotherhood and good-will to the fellow.churchmen liero and everywhere which wqu enable them to attain to a practical realization of tl meaning of the text, "AVe being many are one boc in Christ, and every one members one of another." THE English Nonconformist and Independent of Jul ¡10 gives some particulars as to circumstances under whit the Rev. Samuel Hebditch, of Clapton-park Churc 'has consented to become tho pastor of Collins-street I: ¡dependent'Church, Melbourne, for 12 .months, lt a] (pears-that*tho health of his only son has been causis him some anxiety, and that his medical advisers ha ¡recommended a long sea voyage as the best means t restoring tho young man to vigour. The invitation t supply the pulpit and pastoral charge recently relii ¡quished'by the Rev. Thomas Jones in Melbourne wc ¡consequently-considered by the reverend gentleman a rvery opportune. At tho meeting of the members 0 ÍClapton-park Church Mr. Hebditch, with the approvo of his deacons, introduced the subject, and Sir Chark Heed moved the following resolution:-"That thi church has heard with deep regret the circumstance under which its beloved pastor is compelled to lcav England .for a lengthened season, and most heartil; sympathises with him and his family in the dornest! anxiety which renders this step necessary. Althougl tho. church deeply fools the temporary privation whicl it will thereby undergo, it cannot but approve tin course which has been resolved upon ; and, therefore with much, affection, commits its dear friend to thi keeping of God; earnestly praying that hil voyage mayl-be prosperous, that his ministry in* th« colony may be useful, and that he may return ii ¡due time to tho people of his charge ' ir the fulness^ the blessing of tho Gospel of Christ (bringing with him his beloved family in health and jeafety." : Thia was eeconded by Mr. Henry Child, tht «senior deacon, .and carried unanimously. He is a pas leenger'for'Melbourne by the s.s. Sorata, which is due (at .Melbourhe early in September, í TnE West Indian,- a Barbadoes paper, in noting tko {departure of the new Governor of Tasmania, Sit (G. C. Strahan, for England, on May 28, says . J'Something more has been done during Major, Stra Sian's/ administration than the maintenance bf au- thority and order and the restoration of quiet and ¡confidence, important as this work was. to give'a basie Ifor-measuros for the reform and improvement of the {public institutions. Amongst these two havo been passed, the want of whioh has been long felt ; one for the establishment of a general System of public education, and the other for the amendment of the laws rolatihg ¡to poor relief. The passing of those two measures, especially the former, is enough to justify the 'claim of ¡Major Strahan's administration to be remembered .as ' one of the most successful in the annals of Barbadoes ; but in addition to this wo may observe Major Strahan took a personal interest in the progress of education. ¡Nor was the influonoo of the Governor's presonco and encouragement felt only in the school, but also iii other Solaces whore, if they were not more welcome, they vere not loss beneficial-in visits to tho gaols and hsyluras, and in the supervision of the. public depart hnonts." i THE Bolmore Lodge Druids hold their annual gala at (Chowder Bay on Monday next. A vuried programme- of feports has leen published; and. from the growing popu- larity of tho Druids, no doubt lhere will will be a large ¡gathering -nt this' favourite picnic. THE Coffee PalacoNo. 2; us will be seen by tho announce- ment in our special ndvertiscraont columns, will bu lighted tmd thrown open to publie inspection this evening. AN examination for tho Civil Service will be hold at tho I University on tho ii th October. An examination'for the la.w, and for candidates who failed at the University and Matriculation Examinations, but have been permitted to be re-examined, will be held on the samo day. ' A CORRESPONDENT inquires, " What has become of tho Now Zealand Fino Art Distribution V" to which, he says, ho was induced to subscribe, gomo months ago, owing to tho respectability of the names uttached to the circular. 