[From the Melbourno papers.] NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, December 23 Mr. Griffith, the leader of the Queensland Oppo- sition, arrived here to-day, en route for England, where he intends watching the enquiry into the charges against the Government. Mr. Griffith will have no locus standi, and is accordingly disabled from exercising much power. At the City Police Court this morning, J. W. Dargin, late manager of the western branch of the City Bank, was brought up, on remand, charged with embezzling £4,900. Counsel for the bank stated the principals had no desire to push the charge. The securities left in the bank have been disposed of and have realised the full amount of the deficit. The magistrates accordingly discharged the accused. The water in the Botany dam is decreasing at the rate of 1½in. per diem. A feeling of anxiety prevails respecting the supply. The City of New York left San Francisco for Auckland on Tuesday, a day late. A lighter sank near the steamer Potosi yesterday with 90 tons of tin for that vessel. The divers commenced to raise it to-day. The intensely hot weather is general throughout the colony, with bush-fires and dust-storms. At Grafton there are great complaints of the scarcity of water. It is feared that supplies will have to be brought from Sydney again. The latest betting on the Summer Cup is 6 to 1 agst Hesperian, 7 to 1 agst Retrospect and Rosinante. Dücomber 24. The Wallsend Coal Company have notified that they will reduce the price of coal to $3. after January 1. Dull times in the Newcastle district are imminent. At Cobar water is daily being served out in buckets. December 26. The steamer Genil, of the Marquis de Ray's ex- pedition, arrived to-night. The captain's report is, that on the India's arrival at New Ireland it was resolved that the site for the new colony should be Port Breton, at the south-west end of New Ireland. No time was lost in getting the combined crews and settlers to work in clearing land for culti- vation and building houses. About eight acres of land were quickly prepared for the growth of maize, potatoes, yams, and other require ments. Five large houses were built, and one building was removed from Liki- liki to the new settlement. The largest house is 150ft. by 33ft. The buildings are distributed over about two miles. The colonists are comfortably housed, and were working vigorously up to the time the Genil sailed. They comprise two classes — one is connected with the Marquis de Ray's company, and the other consists of free settlers. There are two harbours, half a mile apart, named English Cove and Irish Cove. The anchorage is deep, and a splendid stream of water runs into each harbour. The formation of roads is proceeding steadily, one to Liki-liki, a distance of five miles. A fine fresh water stream runs into Liki-liki. The captain of the Genil spent several hours there.The stream is navigable for a steam launch for six or seven miles. The India remains in Irish Cove to await the next consignment of colonists. Those on shore are said to be in good health, and contented with the pro spects of the place. December 27. For the holidays the weather to-day was splendid, and there was an immense number of holiday sports, The Pyrmont opening regatta was a great success. Oithona won the yacht race. Pierse, a rising sculler, beat W. Trickett easily, and won two other races. The passengers by the Randwick tramway to-day numbered 22,000. Mr. Norton, the police magistrate who was shot by Mrs. Wilkie, died at Dubbo suddenly yesterday. It was found that the bullet had pierced his brain 2in. An abscess had formed and allowed the bullet to drop down, causing death. The inquest has been, opened and adjourned until to-morrow. Mr. Flint, photographer, was accidentally shot dead whilst out wallaby shooting near Mittagong to-day. Mr. Salmon, son of the town clerk of Goulburn, aged 16, went into Wollondilly River to save his brother's life, and was drowned himself. The body was recovered yesterday. 