NEWS OF THE DAY. OUR cable messages confirm the telegrams in Satur- day's issue that Russia was massing troops on the German frontier. It appears that the precise position is in Poland, and the force is an army of 850,000 men. The object of this movement is not known, but is thought to have relation to the projects contained in the telegram received a few days ago regarding the future of Turkey, and having reference to the negotiations for the combined action of the Powers in the interests of the peace of the world, which would have the effect of securing the complete isolation of Russia and the probable Austrian occupation of Turkey. Russia is ap- parently jealous of Austrian influence extending south- wards, and is supporting Servia in her opposition to the carrying out of the Austrian railway scheme for secur- ing access to the Balkans. It is now explained that the Sultan was personally responsible for the action of the Porte in connection with the recent arrest of Mollah Bay, and that as he was believed to be under Russian influence, Sir A. H. Layard was compelled to bring strong pressure to bear upon him. It will have been seen by late telegrams that in this dispute Eng- land has had the sympathy of Germany, and this together with the Austrian projects, may help to account for the attitude of Russia. Republicanism is being strengthened in France by changes in the War Department, only staunch Republican generals receiving command; similar alterations being contemplated in other departments of the Government. Pardons are to be granted to the remaining Communists. Another tele- gram shows that there is irritation in France owing to the comments of the German Press respecting French politics. Riots of a character more or less serious, have occurred in Ireland. In Afghanistan Mahom- med Jan is again endeavouring to provoke the Afghan troops to hostilities. THE R. M. S. Australia, Captain Cargill, left Auck- land for Sydney at midnight on Sunday. THE Executive Commissioner and Mrs. Jennings give an assembly at the offices of the Commission, this evening. About 500 persons have received invita- tions. A MEETING was held in the Masonic Hall last night for the purpose of soliciting funds to relieve the distress prevailing in Ireland. The hall was crowded to excess, and the proceedings were of a most sympathetic character. His Worship the Mayor occupied the chair, and addresses were delivered by Sir Alfred Stephen, Sir G. Wigram Allen, Sir John Hay, His Grace Arch- bishop Vaughan, Rabbi Davis, the Rev. J. Jefferis, the Hon. W. B. Dalley, and Mr. P. A. Jennings. A fund, to be called " The Irish Distress Relief Fund." was organized, to which about £2500 was subscribed in the room. Archbishop Vaughan announced that he would order a collection to be made in each of the Roman Catholic churches in his diocese, and it was also stated that a house-to-house canvass would be made in aid of the fund. The Mayor and Mr. Jennings were appointed to receive subscriptions, and the proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman and cheers for the Queen. A meeting of the committee is to be held this morning, to arrange for a personal canvass for subscriptions, it being intended to collect as much money as possible before 6 o'clock to-day, and forward it at once to Ireland. THE immigrants by the Northampton, which arrived from London on Friday, appear likely to make useful colonists, being healthy and contented looking. The Northampton is lying in Neutral Bay, and those married couples and single men who may be desirous of proceeding to their friends, or situations ready for them, were at liberty to leave her yesterday afternoon by steamer. On reaching land steps were taken by the immigration authorities to dispatch them to their destinations by steamboat or railway where practicable. The single females, who are said to possess special capacities for domestic work, proceeded to the depot on Saturday. Many of them have gone to their friends since then, and the remainder will be ready for hiring in the course of a day or two. The married couples and single men desirous of making engagements here will dispose of their services for hire this and to-morrow mornings at Fort Macquarie, from 9 o'clock until 12. THE usual weekly meeting of the Marine Board was held yesterday afternoon. Present—Captains Hixson (president, in the chair), Broomfield, Jenkins, and M'Lean. The Board found, in reference to the loss of the schooner Bronzewing, that there was no evidence upon which to found a charge of default against the master, John Reid. A similar finding was recorded, in the case of the loss of the ketch Margaret; Peter Peter- son, master. WE understand that, in consequence of the large increase of business of the Railway Department, and the early opening of other extensions, the Minister has it in contemplation to make some important official changes in the direction and management. WE learn that about 500 signatures have been appended to a petition to the Governor praying that the lives of Andrew George Scott and Thomas Rogan, the bushrangers now under sentence of death, may be spared; and a preliminary meeting is called by adver- tisement for this evening to promote the object of the petitioners. We understand that a copy of a numer- ously signed petition in favour of the commutation of the sentence on Rogan was sent to the Governor yesterday, and that his Excellency has notified his intention to receive a deputation relative thereto to- morrow at noon. PROFESSOR SMITH has been elected President of the Council of Education for the year 1880. THE annual meeting of the Australian Jockey Club was held at the club's offices, King-street, yesterday afternoon. Mr. F. C. Griffiths occupied the chair. The attendance of members was small. The report and particulars of the balance-sheet, and the business transacted, will be found in another column. IT is gratifying to learn that a telegram has been received by Mr. M'Eacharn, from Mr. Campbell at Aden, to the effect that the meat per Strathleven had arrived there in good order, and that it was expected it would be landed safely in London. THE President and Council of the Royal Institute of British Architects, London, have appointed Mr. W. W. Wardell, of this city, to be their representative for Australia generally, and their local representative in Sydney. THE half-yearly meeting of the New South Wales Bush Missionary Society was held yesterday evening, in the reading-room of the Temperance Hall, Mr. W. Gregg in the chair. The report, as already pub- lished, was submitted and adopted. A handsome Bible was presented, in the names of the missionaries, to Mr. Joseph Palmer, the hon. secretary, in recognition of the interest he had exhibited in them and their work. The missionaries gave details of their work during the course of the meeting. A PUBLIC meeting of the residents of St. Peters and the surrounding municipalities was held in the Town Hall at St. Peters last night for the purpose of pro- testing against the proposed southern scheme of sewage. Mr. J. T. Judd, Mayor of St. Peters, presided, and the meeting was a fairly representative one. A resolution was passed strongly protesting against the scheme pro- posed to be carried out by the Government, by which the sewage of the southern portion of the metropolis is to be deposited at the mouth of Shea's Creek, and an influential deputation was appointed to wait upon the Minister of Public Works at an early opportunity, in order to point out the injustice that avould be inflicted upon the residents of a populous district by the adop- tion of such a scheme. AT a meeting of the Grocers' Picnic Committee, held last evening at the Temperance Hall (Mr. Coogan in the chair), it was resolved to push forward without delay the preliminary measures for the next picnic. Messrs. Thomas M'Clelland and Arthur Rokes spoke of the kind manner in which the assistants were sup- ported by their employers last year, and they firmly believed it afforded the employers much pleasure in closing their establishments to enable their employees to mutually enjoy each other's society. In fact the presence of so large a number at their last picnic gave proof of the mutual goodwill and friendly feeling between employers and employees. THE annual excursion in connection with St. Francis' C. D. Confraternity, took place yesterday, to Chowder Bay. There were present 900 children, and about the same number of adults, all of whom seemed to enjoy themselves. The steamers were under the management of Captain M. Burns, owing to whose care and skill, assisted by Mr. Williams, hon. secre- tary, and the other members of the Confraternity, the excursionists were conveyed to and fro without any accident. The weather was all that could be desired ; the dancers kept the Imperial brass band busily en- gaged during the day. Amongst those present, we may mention the Very Rev. Dean Sheridan, V. G., Monsignor Lynch, Fathers Garavel, Fleming, Ryan, and Cassidy. " RATEPAYER " writes, desiring that the attention of the Balmain Corporation should be drawn to the state of several streets in the south-west ward of their municipality, which he affirms are in very bad condi- tion. Persons living in the vicinity (he says) cannot reach home by them, after a fall of rain, without con- siderable inconvenience and risk of injury. Starling- street is instanced amongst others as being in a parti- cularly dangerous state. If these streets have been proclaimed as being under the control of the Corpora- tion he thinks they ought to be repaired immediately, for they require it more than some upon which money is being expended. The same writer also complains that his letters to the Corporation on this subject have not received attention. A NUMBER of lads, while at Manly on Sunday after- noon, incautiously lit a fire near the lagoon, where they had been bathing, and the flames obtained such a hold of the high grass in the vicinity that the fire spread with great rapidity, and destroyed a large quantity of fencing and timber on the private property of Mr. Rodman, solicitor. The spread of the fire caused considerable alarm to property-holders in the vicinity, and early yesterday morning the flames had not been extinguished. Four of the lads who were concerned in the act of lighting the fire were given into custody on Sunday afternoon, and they were brought before the Water Police Court yesterday, charged with having "lighted a fire in the open air, and neglecting to extinguish the same," for which, according to the first section of the Act for the preven- tion of the careless use of fire, the offenders were liable to a penalty not exceeding £10. The evidence showed that the defendants lit a fire within a few yards of the fence enclosing the property of Mr. Redman, and by the spread of the flames Mr. Redman's property was damaged to the extent of £50 at least. The Bench considered that the lads were responsible for the spread of the fire, but only fined one of the defendants, named Joseph Myers, in the sum of £1, who pleaded guilty, although the evidence distinctly proved that they were all implicated in the origin of the fire. NORTH Shore residents ought to be careful of prowlers about their back doors. Yesterday morning one of the light-fingered gentry visited a house in Berry- street, and appropriated a large damask tablecloth and a knifebox containing some three dozen pieces of cutlery, silver and plated ware. THE statement in our yesterday's issue that Mr. Malan, whose premises were burnt down on Sunday night, had proceeded to Manly, has been ascertained to be correct, as he returned from there yesterday morning. His stock was insured in the Hanseatic Office for £500. The origin of the fire is still unknown. Where it burnt fiercest, however, and where it was seen to have started, there were kept some matches in a cigar-box on a shelf about three feet from the ground. This was at the corner of the counter. Mr. Malan says that he left the shop at half-post 11 o'clock on Saturday night, and when every- thing was apparently safe, the gas also being carefully turned off. He visited it again on Sunday, at a quarter-past 1, for the purpose of getting a piece of ribbon which he had left there ; and then he and his wife went to Manly, which they were in the habit of doing nearly every week. The premises were insured for £500, not £200 as stated in yesterday's Herald. ABOUT 8 o'clock yesterday evening, two lads named King and Bailey, aged 7 and 10 years respectively, were playing on the Circular Quay, and, when struggling together, both fell over into the water. Fortunately the occurrence was noticed, and the lads dragged out by some of the bystanders, who at once went to the rescue. There was considerable excitement when thes accident occurred. A WOMAN named Elizabeth Lowe, 34, and residing in Kent-street, was taken to the Infirmary last night suffering from a wound in her throat. She was in an intoxicated state, and stated that her husband, who she said was drunk also, had cut her throat with a penknife. The wound, which was not a serious one, was dressed by Dr. Vause, and the woman went home. A MAN named Thomas de Massey, about 37 years of age, who had been ailing for some days previously, was attacked with English cholera on Saturday night, and died in a few hours. Dr. West, of Glebe Road, prescribed for deceased on Saturday, and was called in to see him on Sunday, but on his arrival life was extinct. The matter was reported to the Coroner, but an inquest has been dispensed with. A BOY, about 13 years of age, attempted on Satur- day evening to jump into a train while it was in rapid motion, near the Petersham station, and nearly lost his life in doing so. Fortunately the guard, whose name is Conbet, saw him, and seized him by the arm before he could fall between the carriages and the platform. In doing so, however, he lost his own equilibrium and ran considerable risk to his life also. The boy, we are informed, was ordered by the guard to be taken into custody, and will be proceeded against at the police court for committing a breach of the regulations. ABOUT a quarter past 6 o'clock yesterday morning police constable Fletcher, of No. 3 division, found a man named Edward Hunt lying in the Domain on his face near a pool of blood. Hunt said he had been in the Domain since Sunday afternoon, at 4 o'clock, when he felt in his usual health. He was very pale and weak, and the constable took him to the Infirmary, where he was admitted.—At half-past 12 o'clock yesterday, a man named James Sullivan, aged 40, a labourer, residing in Railway-street, was ad- mitted to the Infirmary suffering from a compound fracture of his right leg, caused by a log falling on it. He was employed as a labourer in the Permanent Way Department, Government Railways, and was engaged hoisting a log by means of a crane, when the log slipped and fell beck on him.—A man named Michael Hays, 33, residing in Riley-street, Surry Hills, was driving his cab across the yard of the Redfern railway station when one of the wheels of the cab caught in the crossing of the tramway junction, and jerked him off his seat. He fell on to his head, and received two large scalp wounds, which were dressed at the Infirmary. The horse bolted as soon as he felt there was no control over him, and the cab coming in contact with a post was considerably damaged. The horse was then seized. There was no one in the cab at the time.—A man named James Hooper, residing in Albion-street, Paddington, while working for the City Corporation in Moore Park, squaring a piece of timber, cut the great toe on his right foot up to the first joint, through the axe slipping. He was taken to the Infirmary, where he was admitted. —The following cases were also treated at the Infirmary yesterday:—Joseph Rossiter, 12, cut on right side of right eye, caused by the horse he was riding bolting and throwing him off in Hunter-street; William Olliver, 50, fracture of the right fore arm, caused by falling down the hold of the ship St. Lawrence; John Minifie, 36, compound fracture of one of the bones of his right foot, caused by a crank of a steam- engine striking him at Parramatta ; Dick Aut, 44, found by police constable Turley, of No. 1 division, in a state of insensibility in Hyde Park at 11 o'clock yesterday morning, suffering from alcoholism; Henry James M'Culloch, 33, crushed toes, caused by being run over by a cab in Park-street; Jane Lewis, 28, cut lip; Anastasia Halpin, 2 years, cut on forehead, caused by being struck by a stone ; Patrick Madden, 32, cut over left eye; Edward Hatters, 14, crushed finger on left hand, caused by a log of timber falling on it. Report of the Sydney Infirmary, for the week ended January 10 :—Admitted : 46 males, 17 females; total, 63\. Discharged: 45 males, 16 females; total, 61. Died : 6 males, 1 female ; total, 7. Remaining : 149 males, 59 females ; total, 208. THE Maitland Mercury of Saturday gives the particulars of what may prove a suicide on the part of Mr. R. Cracknell, jun.:—From some cause or other he appears to have taken offence at other members of the family, at dinner time, and he withdrew to the upper part of the house. During the afternoon he appears to have gone to the premises of Mrs. M'Lauchlin, and obtained possession of a double barrelled gun, which he took upstairs to his own room, and all efforts to persuade him to part with it were unavailing. He remained in possession of the upper part of the house all the afternoon, after he secured the gun. Some one, more venturesome than the others, went into the hall to induce him to give it up, but hearing him coming down the stairs he retreated again, shutting the door after him. Directly afterwards the explosion of the gun was heard, and on the door being opened the unfortunate young man was found on the floor with a large wound in the side. The gun had the stock broken. Medical assistance was sent for, but the case was given up from the first. The left breast and side were shattered, and there was a hole in the side through which the lungs could he felt. The inside of the upper left arm was also terribly lacerated. The charge did not appear to have lodged in the body, but to have penetrated the ceiling above where the sufferer fell. RESPECTING the probable closing of St. John' Church, Terrara, the Shoalhaven News says :—" The Anglican Church—the first of the buildings erected and consecrated for the worship of God in the Shoalhaven district—is, we understand, to be closed against the parishioners, arising, we believe, from some action on the part of the Bishop and clergy, to which the parishioners would not submit. For some time past there have been dissatisfactions and dissensions between the clergyman and the congregation, commencing with the determination on the part of the inhabitants to create the Church of England Denominational school, Terrara, into a Public school, which was opposed by the Bishop and his incumbent. Although the inhabi- tants were successful—notwithstanding the fact that the requisite board with the words ' Public School ' is not placed over the door of the school—the dispute has culminated in the closing of the church." A BUSH-FIRE occurred on Wednesday evening last at Oak Hill, North Wagga (the Advertiser reports). The fire originated, it is said, by some sparks from the locomotive engine passing on the line igniting the grass. This statement is again disputed by some of the rail- way employes, who say they saw the fire before the engine passed. Mr. M. H. Deadin first discovered the fire, and with some assistance prevented it spreading and destroying his own house property. While thus engaged, the flames extended northward to Eunon- yahreenyha, and soon got beyond control. We are in- formed that an area of about six miles, in good grass, was destroyed in Eunonyahreenyha paddocks. APROPOS of the Kellys, the North-Eastern Ensign denies that the chase has been abandoned, but states that the police, under the direction of Assistant-Com- missioner Nicholson, have adopted a new and better system, which, it is hoped, will prove more effective. It is denied that the black trackers are to leave Benalla. The only alteration in the police force is the with- drawal of the members of the garrison force from Shepparton, Violet Town, and other places. This withdrawal of the military has had the effect of con- siderably weakening the police force at Benalla, as a number of the men available for duty have had to be removed to take the place of the soldiery. THE S. A. Register states that the explosion of the sea tunnel on Granite Island at Victor Harbour took place on January 6, and proved a decided success. About five minutes before half-past 4 o'clock the danger flag was hoisted, and there was a general stampede to places of safety. The charge, which consisted of 9 tons 14 cwt. of powder, was tired by means of a fuse, and punctually at the time appointed the crash of the tumbling rocks was heard, and an immense cloud of smoke and dust drifted towards the shore. As soon as the choking fumes of the powder had cleared away the effects of the explosion were seen. Enormous rocks reft from their beds had been moved in all directions, and it was calculated that at least 50,000 tons of stone had been displaced and rendered available for use. Some blocks of at least 400 tons were moved by the force of the explosion and can now easily be split into proper sizes for the work. About. 1½ cwt. of dynamite was used in conjunction with the powder. The island was covered with spectators, including many ladies. RESPECTING the Tasmanian portion of our Exhibi- tion, the H. T. Mercury observes :—A meeting of the Commission was held in the Secretary's office on January 2. Present: Mr. Perkins (in the chair), Messrs. Green, Burgess, Dowdell, and M'Gregor. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. The auditor's queries on Mr. U'Avigdor's accounts were read. On the motion of Mr. Burgess, the appoint- ment of Mr. Mossman in connection with the Tasma- nian Court, at £3 a week, was approved. Another query was ordered to be sent to Mr. D'Avigdor for reply. Messrs. Omant and Burrowes' application to be allowed to remove their furs were read, and the secretary was instructed to call their attention to the care which is being taken of them at the Exhibition. Mr. Jennings' letter acknowledging receipt of £100 was read. The secretary placed on the table the Mer- cury containing Dr. Agnew's letter to Sir James Wilson, giving the doctor's views of the state of the Tasmanian Court, but the Commissioners considered, it a private letter, and declined to take any action on it. WHILE a gentleman, in company with several others, was travelling into Rockhampton (says the Bulletin), and when crossing the river near Yaamba, his horse was attacked by an alligator, the saurine monster tore the flesh from the horse's hock downwards, and cleared, the horseman making tracks immediately for a place of safety. Ix reference to the case of the Queen v. Monchauveau, we are informed by the defendant that at the time of the affair complained of his wife had not been absent from home, that she was not drinking with the lodgers, and that he did not strike her. 