(from the argus correspondent. ) London. Jan. 20. The river Thames is ice-bound, and it is impossible that, the sculling champion ship race could be rowed for many days. .All bets on the race will be off after Sun day next. Mr C. J. Poole, a journalist who was connected with the " Morning Post" and " Morning Advertiser," and also with the colonial press, is dead. London, Jan. 19. The heavy snowstorms continue, not only in England but also in other parts of Europe, as well as in America. The Ministry are exasperated at the amendments which are being moved by the Home Rule party on the address in reply to the Queen's Speech, as the course which is being pursued prevents the Go vernment measures in regard to Ireland from being proceeded with. Three thousand Burghers who were serving with Lieutenant-Colonel Carring-. ton, the commander of the colonial forces in Baustoland, have deserted, on the ground that the period for which they enlisted for active service has expired. Mr Leopold Rothschild, third son of the late Baron Lionel Nathan Rothschild, who represented the city of London in the House of Commons for many years, hits l eMi married at Perugia, in. Italy. Anm.i-.gst ihe diitiiigiiLhed company pre- -i <r' at tno eotvmony wme 11. R- ' the Prince of IV ales and the Em I of Rose- berry, who married a cousin of the bndc- urnoiu. . ii The Russians are still pt'ssing the siege of Geok Tepe. The Turcomans coii- l.iiiue to make sorties, and some desperate tiiihting his taken place. A p rsoo named Tempest lias Deeu arrested on a charge of having defrauded Messrs R. Goldshroiigh and Co., of Mel bourne. Q e was discharged on a legal point, no colonial warrant for his arrest having been produced. A disastrous boiler explosion lias taken place at Batley, in the West Riding or Yorkshire, by which 30 persons . were killed and wounded. Banking. — In our business columns will be found the prospectus of the Aus- iralian Fieehold Banking Corporation, the business cf which is confined to making advances on real estate. In order to increase the proprietary of the institution? the directors offer 4000 shares to the public at par. Fires. — On Wednesday the grass on an unenclosed allotment of land at the rear of Mr R. Taylor's residence, Beecliworth, was noticed to be on fire, to tlie imminent danger of paling fences adjoining. Mr Hams, the head-teacher of the S'ate- school, was notified of the occurrence, and despatched a number of tlie schoolboys to beat out the flames, which they succeeded in doing, without any serious dauiage'being done. On Thursday tlie quartz-crushing mill belonging to Mr J. C. Bigelow, at Sutton, was destroyed by fire. A bush- fire burning in tlie vicinity, aided by a strong wind, bore down upon the mill, and before its 'progress could be stayed destroyed the property, which lial beon erected at considerable cost by the owner. It was, we learn, insured. Ovens District Hospital. — It has been decided to have an amateur enter tainment in Mr Ferrer's store, Wah- gnnyali, on the evening of the 19th March (race night), in aid of the above institution. A committee, consisting of Messrs J. F. Dorrnur, F. Ford and 0. Wallmgton, kas been appointed to make all necessary arrangements. It is to be hoped, for ihe credit of tlie district, that the amateurs and the public will respond in a liberal nuunurto this appeal ou behalf of a deserving institution. Bef.chwoiitii v Yackaxdandah. — To day (So turda.v ) teams from the Beech- worth and Yaokaudaiidaii Cricket Clubs will try conclusions on the '.'found of the former. The following are the respective teams ; — Beech worth — Goldswortliy, F. Brett, Warton, Hall, Barbour, D. Ryan, Bmitheis, 8. Whitehead, E. Moore, Mit- eheison and Burke. Yackandandah — Foot-, Grilli.i, Fertescne, M. Connors, A. Welshmm, G. and B Robinson, W. H. Roper, Rome, A. Thomson and L. Robinson. Messrs Yale and Flood will act as umpires, and Messrs M. Fox and W. G. Alexander as scorers. The Circus. — Burton's Great Austra lian Circus entertained a large crowd of persons at Beecliworth last evening. The performance, taken as a whole, was cer tainly the best of its kind witnessed in Beech worth fur many years, and all present expressed themselves as being well satisfied with what they witnessed ; all of the performers acquitting their respec tive ro! s m a highly ' ' artistic" maimer. As our Yackandandah corres pondent has in his letter, which appears in another column, attempted a descrip tion of the performance we deem it unnecessary that we should " particu larize," and will therefore content ourselves with endorsing his encomiums : and would advise all admirers of really first-class acting in tlie "ring" not to neglect the opportunity afforded them this (Saturday) evening of witnessing it, assuring them that they will not experience the slightest disappointment if tliey do so. Wahgunyah Races. — A meeting in connection with the Wahgunyah itaces was held in Chilton's Hotel on Wednes day, the 19tli ; Mr Chilton in tlie chair. It was resolvod that the races be held on Saturday, March 19fch, two days after the Corowa Races. Mr J. F. Dortnur was appointed lion, sec., and Mr Wor- thington lion, treasurer. Messrs Turn- bull and Worrliington were appointed collectors. The lion, secretaiy was in structed to write to tlie trustees of the racecourse, and ask tliom to assist, in carrying out the races. It was decided that the meetings be held on every Wed nesday evening. Re-assembling. — Mrs Goodman, princi pal of Rocklyii House boarding and day school for young ladies, William-street, Beecliworth, requests her pupils to re assemble on Wednesday, 26th inst. Wheat. — We learn from the "North- Eastern Ensign" about 4000 bags of wheat have been shipped from Benalla during the first four days of the present week. Tlie average yield this season may be estimated at 10 bushels to the acre. Prices range from 3s to 3s Gd for prime. The Late Ministrel Entertainment. — We have been given to understand that the funds of the Beecliworth Cricket and Football Clubs, conjointly, will be aug mented to the extent of £15 19s Gd, by tlie proceeds of the entertainment given by the local United Amateur Minstrels in 3t. George's Hr.ll on tlie evening of Boxing Day last. In recording this pleasing fact, it is only fair that a meed of praise should be awarded to Mr J. Hickey, to whose instrumentality the" attainment of so satisfactory a result was mainly due ; he having- with untiring zeal and indomitable energy, as manager, worked to render the affair in every sense successful. In Explanation. — In referring to a complaint made in our last issue that we are not in receipt of our Beualla exchanges until they are a day old, the " Standard " observes : — " Now, we judge from this that the Benalla papers have to be sent to Melbourne and brought back the next day to Beech worth. If we are correct in this surmise, then we cannot help exclaimiii", that tlie present system is most absurd, and should be amended to a common sense business system by the Department without delay. The " North-Eastern Ensign " says : — The only explanation we can make our Beecliworth contemporary is that the Benalla political atmosphere is rather hazy. We have a post-office here, but all our down letters and papers go by tra velling post, and as that only arrives here once a day, and in the evening, we are in a quandary how we will better accomo date our contemporary. There are two mails to and from Melbourne, morning and evening, and our great misfortune is the common misfortune of many other intermediate towns. Only an evening post exists between the country railway toyras." We would suggest to our con temporaries, as the only way which appears to us to get over the difficulty, that they in future forward their respec tive issues iu the form of " press parcels," by train, in lieu of transmitting them through the post, Boxing Iournamem, — It is elsewhere | intimated. that'll tournament of the art of sell-defence will be held, under the supeinueiideuco of -In Joe Newcombe, as I the Oddfellows Hall, Beecliworth, on Monday evening. : I Revision Court. — A court, adjourned fro iu the previous day, was held at the Rutliergleu Court- house ou Wednesday, for the purpose of revising the list of electors for tlie Wahgunyah- division of the Moira District for the Legislative As sembly. No claims nor objections were made, auu the lists were allowed and passed. Death by Drowning. — We regret! having to record the death of a very old and respected resident of Benalla, whose sudden death must be very painful to bis | friends.. The deceased, Mr P. O'Halloran, was found dead in a small waterhole in Gooroaiibee-streM, Benalla, about fifty yards from his own residence. The body was found by Mr R. Sturgeon, a carpenter living close by. The, deceased was 84 years of age, and. arrived in Benalla as far "buck as 1852. During the past 12 or IS < hnonths lie has been ill, and has of late made repeated attempts to drown himself, and had been carefully watclied. On the night previous to his death he had been I safely put to bed and locked in, but dining the night he removed one of tlie I slabs, and so passed out and effected bis 1 purpose. A magisterial enquiry was held by Mr Robert MeBean. J. P., who, having heard the evidence, returned an open verdict cf found drowned. I Wangaratta Cricket Club. — A meet ing of the committee of this cluk was held on Thursday .evening last at Mrs ! Cottrell's Royal Victoria Hotel. Present : The President (Dr Hutchinson), and Messrs Marsden, Hoad, Rundle, Clark, Taaffe. and Grav (sccretarv). The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Mr Clark moved, and Mr Marsden seconded, that the action taken by certain members of the committee be confirmed. Mr Marsden reported that at the request of tho committee he had while in town called upon Alston and Brown, and settled the long due account for matting ; 25 per cent, having been deducted from the amount by the firm. Mr Gray reported that the treasurer, Mr Witchell, had left the town, and it would be necessary to appoint another member to act in liis stead. Mr Rundle moved, and Mr Taaffe seconded, that Mr Hoadbe appointed lion, treasurer ; carried. Tho secretary intimated that accounts imioun ing to £25 6s bad been paid, which left £7 3s 9d to the credit of the club. Mr Rundle moved that in future five members form a quorum, iustead of seven, as considerable trouble was experienced in getting the number required. This was seconded by Mr Clark, and carried. Cor respondence wa& read front the Hurdle Creek Club, agreeing to play on the 29tli iast., on the Wangaratta ground; and also UTnn the lion. sec. of the Corowa Club, iii.f Hii.\ r»1n!i fr T\vr\i-\rioi rm to play tlie return match. The following accounts were passed for payment : — Mrs E. Cottrell, £2 ; Mr Bickerton,- £3 13s Gd ; R. Webber, 10s. It was resolved to send a reply to the Corowa Club, acknow ledging the receipt of meins., and inti mating they could not at present arrange for a return match, but they woukl write when they could. It was resolved to acquaint the Benalla Club that the Wan garatta Club could not arrange to accept their challenge for the 29th inst. The consideration of tho muff match was held over until next meeting. The meeting then adjourned. Tenders for Sutplies. — The attention of contractors is directed to an advertise ment in another column, wherein it is notified that separate tenders for supplies to the Ovens Benevolent Asylum for the ensuing twelve months will be received until Wednesday, 20th inst. Wangaratta Police Court. — On Thursday, before Messrs Phillipson and Tone, J.P.'s, Daniel Barry was charged with being drunk and disorderly and with using obscene language. Constable Walsh said the defendant had used filthy lauguage. Fined 2s Gd on each charge ; in default, 24 hours' imprisonment. Alfred Bracken berg was charged with being drunk and disorderly at Tarra- wingee on the ISth inst. The case was not pressed by the apprehending con stable. Fined £1, ' with 7s Gd costs; 14 clays allowed in which to pay the fine. Arthur Vincent v Samuel Osboldslone. Mr Notcutt appeared for plaintiff" ; Mr Norton for defendant. Arthur Vincent deposed : Am a fanner residing at Wan garatta ; on the 31st December last de fendant sent bis boy for some oats ; gave him twe bags then, and told the boy he would see his father that evening about the oats ; "saw tlie defenclantin the even ing, and he said he would come the next day for twelve bags ; he did not come according to promise, and I sold the oats to another party, but left them at my place; on the 17st inst. the boy came for- the oats in my absence, and my wife permitted him to take them ; I told defendant next day that I did not want to sell the oats, as I intended to keep them myself, and wanted them back ; ho told mc that I could take the oats back, but 1 instsfcarl r»n rlafon riant, nnrh'nf fliA,w back to my place, but lie refused to do so ; I never authorized any person to take the oats. W. Smith, carrier, proved that the defendant had told plaintiff' that he would send for the oats on tho folio w- ing morning after he got the two bags. Defendant stated that he tcld plaintiff' he would take oats if there were ten bags ; there was no time specified as to when he should take delivery of the oats, and Smith's statement was untrue ; after he took delivery of the" oats plaintiff told him he woukl not sell them, as lie wanted them himself and he had been too long in taking delivery of them. George Watson, deposed to plaintiffs wife having given delivery of the oats without any objection. The Bench could not agree, and adjourned the case for seven days, for the attendance of the police magis trate. Licensing Magistrates. — At the annual election of licensing justices held at the Court House, Benalla, on Tuesday last, Messrs MeBean and Robertson were duly elected to take their places on the Bench as licensing magistrates durin« the ensuing year. The Benalla Police Station. — The tender of Mr J. Hanna lor additions and repairs to the police station, Benalla, for the sum of £4G0, was on Thursday ac cepted by the Public Works Department. Cricket. — The. honorary secretary of the Benalla Cricket Club, Mr George Louch, has made arrangements with the East Melbourne Cricket Club to send a representative team down from the North- Eastern District on Saturday, l&fch; of February. A very strong team has been selected ; and should they all be able to play ,tbe Jolimonters will have their work cut out to s'jore a win. We hope, in the meantime , the team selected (whose names will appear in a future issue) will get as much practice in their respective clubs as tbey possibly can ; so that they may be aW.e to give a good account of themselves ibiter their visit. I El Dorado Mesis. — A correspondent writing irom this place supplies us with the following For some : days past all the walls - and old doors have been pasted over with large colored placards, an nouncing that on - Saturday, the loth, Woodyear s, late Burton's Circus, would pay lis a visit. We were all in high : giee at the thoughts of having a pleasant night, which is seldom to be experienced I 'ii ',vvns'11P where liuudreds used to dwell, but very few now remain ; and the time hung very heavy till the day in I question, when tlie circus was exneeted to arrive. Hour after hour was counted, and nothing made its appearance ; and at 4 p.m. all thoughts of the circus coining were given up, and people who came rolling in on foot, on horseback, and in buggies from a distance were, like our selves, disapppinted. We consider the I above to be a disgrace to the proprietors, for not sendiug word they were not coming, and more so after I giving so much trouble to one person who at his own expense took his horse and I trap to place the posters up, and even went 1 so far as to stay away from his farm for I two days, to assist his better-half in life prepare for the expected company, in pro viding a supper, which no one arrived to partake of. I think next time thsy say they will pay us a visit that it will he their turn to be disappointed, and net ours ; as our El Doradoites are not to be bitten twice by the same thing. Many thanks to Constable Baird for ihe way in which he has set an example tn other con stables in the way of putting down lar- rikinism, by having eleven youths up j at the El Dorado Court on the 14th, for, as they said, having a quiet bit of fun on New Year's Eve. May he ever succeed in the duty which he has undertaken to fulfil, as th« guardian of the peace in our town. It is with regret that I have to state uiuvu iltivc lUbh it JBiauii w riuau 1UUU& has been honored and loved by all classes. Some sixtean mouths ago Miss Steve- ivrighfc, of the Myrtleford State-school, was transferred to the one here, and luring the short time she has been among us has made many friends of all classes. U hen she returned here last Saturday, after her Christmas holidays, it was made known that during tlie following- week she was to take her departure to Myrtleford, having been re-appointed to her old school ; and she left us on Wednesday last. Her place will he hard to fill ; for she will not only be missed by the friends who held her so dear, but in the VYesleyan Church choir, of which she was a member. With her she ; carries the best wishes of the residents of El Dorado for her future life. Miss Murray, from Ballarat, has been appointed to the : State-school hero (iu succession t.-. MiS3 : Sieve wright). She arrived on Tuesday, : and commenced duty next morning. A New Australian Meat Covivim — Tlie London correspondent of the -'Ade- laide Observer" writes as follows Sir i Robert Torrens and a number of kindred ' onii'iic Ii o rn furnirr t-n rriun o 1 iff 4a a ojllllio uiv1u hugh J jjll w ululv ' the Australian meat trade ; but the city v editor of the "Times" lias seen it to be ' his duty to caution the public against b iwg too sanguine in tlie matter of » dividends. Sir Robert projected the : Australian Fresh Meat Importation Com pany with a capital of £300,000, in 30,000 shares, of which one-half were to lie issued at once and £5 per share called up. £30,000 were to be reserved for Australia. The prospectus states that the company was formed to import from the colonies and elsewhere, by direct steamers, iresh meat of the finest quality. The process to be adopted is the Bell-Coleman Mechanical Refrigeration Company's machine, now extensively used on Atlantic steamers. 1 contract has been entered into wulithn company for the exclusive use or then patent process in the Australian trade. Proposals had also been made to the Peninsular and Oriental and other steam ship companies for fitting up .storage rooni3 in their mail steamers. Large breeders of stock now in London had , assured tlie pn unoters that the supply 0! ; meat in Australia would be equal io any possible demand on it. The present ' wholesale prices of meat in New Month : Wales are a penny to a penny fa: .lung: . and even at two-pence per lb. there was every prospect of the company earning 20-.. percent, dividends. The" proposes dm- - sion of the profits exhibits a peculiarity which I liave observed in others <>f Sir Robert's prospectuses. If I mistake not, it was also in that of the Queensland Investment Co. This is the French notion of founders' shares. In a good paying concern those turn out an excellent reversion. The other day M. do Lesseps -. told the Paris correspondent or the " Times" that the founders 'shares of the . Suez Canal were now worth 400,000 f rams. Those of the Queensland Itivt- srmen: Company already form, 1 unders iJ s nice bonne boneiie for the direct":-, k-i this new company the proposal is t" give the founders one- fourth of the pnta after paying tlie ordinary sliareholuers i dividend of 7 per cent. The other three- fourths of the surplus profits are to he . divided between tlie shareholders air! the .< English directors, in tlie proportion, o. two-fourths to the former and oue-i.uirlt to the latter. What with founders' profit! and directors' allowances, the pr.iaintcn of the company would be well -uarde-. : against ingratitude on the part or the shareholders. A Narrow Escafe and a Gallis Rescue. — Ou tliel3thinst. , at Yarrawong John McKay, late of Mr M'Bariiey: chemistry, in Benalla, had a nuvro - escape from drowning. It appears (saji . the " Ensign") that while bathing m thf Mm- ray with a young man in the eiaploi ' of Mr Bradstreet, he was carried awavty the current, and in his efforts to reach tht bank lie became exhausted. He snub : or three times ere the attention i-ihs. companion was attrrcted. He, se; > danger of M'Kay, pluckily swam ro I'1 assistance, and with much trouble uiwiHj brought liim safely to. the river bank. We " regret tliat we are unable to obtain ii name of ihe rescuer, as his coiultif' merits much praise. Japan. — AVe have received from tk publishers, Messrs Mason, Firth a"- . McCutcheon, of Melbourne, a pamphk- - giving a description of the empire o. Japan, with statistics, compiled from m, formation furnished' by the Jaimnest commissioners at the Melbourne Iim-mii tional Exhibition. Good Advice to Travellers. —Travel- lers, especially if they be strangers, JtJ always glad of any information which do away with inconvenience on the vo.FV A great many people pass through Beu-i j - . on their way to Sydney, and when tLff -. reach Wodonga they bustle into the ec-ni . and are post haste for Albury. ' Not s-> tk : " old stager." He has done the irlP : before, and has paid for his experience. Quietly he settles down in Wodonga. h55 > a comfortable bed to sleep in, and A' ready for Albury at nine a.m. to take k \ seat in the coach for Wagga. There k . .. meets the companions of the previou'. evening, sour-faced and sleepless. '1 h®J .: had hurried over to Albury, but the)-, ;- found it another thing to obtain pAuepifll apartments. Albury is not large euoi's'- :y in hotel room to accommodate all, a" - many travelling from the Exhibits > would do well to stav over niffh' w. Wodonga. — "Ensign." ' : 