IT will be within the recollection of most of our readers that upon the completion of the Southern railway to Wagga Wagga, the import and export trade of this port was materially affected. The returns of goods brought into the district by way of the Murray showed a marked falling-off as compared with previous years, and a large proportion of the wool sent formerly to Melbourne found its way to Sydney. This result was of course to be expected, and we scarcely thought to find the traffic again gravitating to the neare seaport, until the gap between Albury and Wagga Wagga had been covered by the railway line. We find, however, by the returns from the local Custom-house for the past twelve months that the trade is recovering its old dimensions at a rate more rapid than is to be accounted for by the increased consumption of goods in the town itself; and the natural inference is that the temporary diversion of traffic has ceased, and that trade is now beginning to flow in its legitimate channel once more. The collections at the Albury Custom-house for 1879 were £19,794 lis. 6d.; for 1880 they were £21,247 15s. 4d. The difference between these two sums is not, it is true, very large, but it must be remembered that it represents only a very small measure of the increase of trade, as a considerable proportion of the goods imported are free of duty, and thus do not affect the total of the collections. A better test is found by comparing the value of imports, which for the year 1879 amounted to £210,563, and in 1880 represented no less than £227,040. To convey some idea of the increase in tlie importations of articles of laige general use, we may instance the item of drapery, the imports of which in 1879 were valued at £32,603. In 1880 they were invoiced at £51,473. Many other leading items show a like advance. Taking, for example, at haphazard, a few of the goods used in the building trades, we find that in 1879 the undressed timber imported was 354,252ft.; in 1880 it was 653,029ft. Dressed timber in 1879 was imported to the extent of 58,570ft.; in 1880 to the extent of 68,590ft. The importations of cement in 1879 were 501 barrels; in 1880, 1391 barrels. And a corresponding progress might easily be shown in scores of other articles that could be named. The export trade does not appear to have recovered itself in the same proportion, but even here a marked advance is noticeable in some of the more important items. Of the grain exports, unfortunately, no record is preserved, as nearly all the grain sent over the river goes to Melbourne in bond, and no account is kept of it. The wool exports, however show a large increase. In 1879 the total oxports of this staple were 3,587,9771b., representing a value of £223.944. In 1880 the returns were as follows:—Greasy, 3,085,2961b.; washed wool, 1,249,0091b—in all 4,334,3031b, worth £258,379. This of itself is proof either that and the reaction we have referred to ftas set in, . or that the production of tho district has very largely increased. In the returns of stock exported, the advance is not so marked. In one item indeed, the figures compare unfavorably with those of 1879, when the cattle sent to Melbourne numbered 9991, against 6758 for 1880. This falling-off is no doubt attributable partly to the fact that the low rate ruling for stock in Melbourne has put that market out of favor with graziers, and partly to the tendency observable in this district for some time past to abandon cattle- fattening for the more profitable industry of woolgrowing, In horse stock the exports appear to be increasing. In 1879 the horses sent over the Murray from Albury were 755, estimated at £8682; in 1880, 984 were exported, worth £9073. The value of sheep exported in 1879 was £11,311; in 1880 it is put down at £14,789. The pigs sent over the river in 1879 were only 46, valued at £52 lis.; last year the returns gave 544, worth £588. On the whole, therefore, it is tolerably clear that the trade of the port has bBen largely increased during the past twelve months; and as the bulk of the goods imported are consumed between the Murray and the Murrumbidgee, at the same time that the trade of the northern part of the district with'Sydney still retains large dimensions, it must be equally evident that the general prosperity of this portion of the colony is increasing in a like ratio. THE revenue returns for the last quarter of 1880 show the total receipts to have been £460,740 10s. 5d., against £375,011 19s. Id. for the December quarter of 1879, showing an increase on the previous period of £85,728 lis. 4d. Under the heading of " Taxation" the most notable increase is that received from the duties on spirits, the advance here being £23,240 5s. Id. Specific duties also yielded £6,405 12s. 4d. more than in the fourth quarter of 1879, and there is a large increase in the duties received upon wine and dried fruits. Ale and beer likewise yield more than they did in the previous year, the tendency hitherto noticeable having been towards a falling-off in the revenue from this source, caused by an increase in the consumption of colonial beer. That the native industry does not suffer is, however, evident by the increase in the duty received on hops. The principal items on which a decrease is shown are tobacco and cigars, tea, rice, sugar, and coffee. The duty on spirits distilled in the colony has advanced from £669 14s. to £1,891 7s. 5d.—nearly 200 per cent. The revenue from stamp duties is this year a new item on the list, and yields £29,030 12s. lid. for the quarter. The proceeds of licences of all kinds are less than the average, and the falling-off in the returnsfrom wholesale spirit licencesis equal to 25 per cent, on the receipts for the corresponding quarter of 1879. The total receipts underthe generalheading of " Revenue Proper" show, however, an increase of over £67,000. In the land revenue almost every item shows a marked improvement. The only exception to the rule of any significance is the return of the proceeds from instalments on conditional purchases, the figures here giving a decrease of about 20 per cent., which is rather difficult to account for. Under nearly all the other sub-headings the increase is large. Thus auction sales give £42,585 more than in the last quarter of 1879—an increase of close on 50 per cent. Improvement purchases have advanced £36,955—over 100 per cent. Afterauction selections figure in the returns for the first time for some years, and yield £31,373. Selection generally appears to have undergone a great revival during the twelve months, the deposits received for the quarter being £81,024, against £44,337 for the previous period; whilst the amount paid in as the balance-money on selections has also advanced nearly 100 per cent. The total land revenue for the quarter was £339,326 19s. 6d.; for the same period of 1879 it was £191,225 3s., giving a balance in favor of the present quarter of £148,112. And this is from the sales department only; the other branches—viz., Pastoral Occupation, Mining Occupation, and Miscellaneous Receipts — bringing the total increment in round numbers up to £157,000. Turning to the receipts on account of services, we find that the railway returns have advanced from £330,738 in the last quarter of 1879 to £442,917 in the same portion of 1880 —the increase being thus £112,179. The postal and telegraph service shows a large increase in every item, the total increment being £14,900. Of this over £10,000 is from postages, £4,195 from telegraph receipts', and the balance is commission on money-orders. Public school fees appear this year for the first time in the returns, and give £11,982. The total receipts for services amount to £567,679 against £428,171 for the December quarter of 1879\. " General Miscellaneous Receipts" are credited with an increase in every item, the sum total having advanced from £3,269 to £15,607, or at the rate of close on 400 per cent. Under the minor headings the same progress is generally noticeable; THE possibility of "driving a coach- and-six " through any Act of Parliament has again been demonstrated in connection with the working of the Licensing Statute in Sydney. It will be remembered that a few months ago an Act was passed prohibiting for a certain period the issue of any new licenses in Sydney. The effect of this has proved so far beneficial that there has been no absolute increase in the number of hotels since the passing of the Act. The object of the law has, however, to a certain extent been defeated by means of the system of transferring licenses. The 57th clause of the Publicans Act gives power to any bench of magistrates to grant the removal of a license from one house to another, and this section has been turned to account by the owners of hotels not worth keeping open, in order to commence business in localities where under the present law they would have been unable to obtain new licenses. This matter, we learn from the Sydney journals, was brought under the notice of the Colonial Secretary a few .days ago by a deputation of magistrates. Mr. FOSTER, who introduced the deputation, said the principal grievance " consisted in the fact that persons who had publichouses which were utterly worthless, and which they only kept open at a loss, had managed to get their licenses transferred to other places which had been objected to, and thus defeated the intention of the law. These removals were nothing more than an evasion of the Act. The houses that were closed were of no importance to the owners or anyone else, because they would not pay, and were merely made use of for the purpose of getting fresh licenses granted in other places where they would be a serious nuisance and detriment to the inhabitants. The decisions of the Bench were not final; and, in consequence, the public came to look upon the proceedings almost with contempt. A decision may be made to-day refusing a license to a certain house; and fifteen days afterwards, under the present system of applying for removals, the decision might be reversed. He thought the special object which the deputation had in view was to get the Colonial Secretary to bring a short bill before the Legislature suspending this power of removing licenses from one house to another, as they believed that the only use to which the practice was put was virtually to obtain new licenses." Several other members of the deputation pointed out the evil consequences of the system complained of, and Sir HENRY PARKES promised that the matter should receive due consideration. WE have once more to protest against the unconscionable delay which has taken place in the matter of providing a water supply for this town. When the Act of Parliament making provision for the needs in this respect of country towns was introduced, it was distinctly understood that Albury was one of the places whose requirements would first receive attention, and it may very fairly be said that no other provincial town has greater claims upon tho Government. And yet month after month goes by without any apparent progress being made in the business, whilst other towns are in a fair way of obtaining a recognition of their claims. It is not too much to say that the delay of which we reasonably complain is altogether unjustifiable. Having regard to the time that has elapsed since .the Government first took action, there iB positively no excuse for the fact of the plans not having yet been prepared, as with anything like average ability and assiduity the whole of tho necessary drawings might long ago have been completed by one draughtsman—completed quite soon enough to prevent the absurd waste of public money involved in constructing the temporaiy water-works now in progress at the railway terminus. We use the word " temporary" ia this connection advisedly, as the hard water obtainable by well-sinking is altogether unsuitable for railway purposes. Used in some of the steam-boilers in town, it necessitates the stoppage of work about once in eveiy six weeks to cliip off the fur which accumulates; and iron kettles in which it is boiled constantly become after a comparatively short time absolutely useless from the choking-up of the epout in the same way. This will, of , course, soon he discovered, and the discovery will at once necessitate the provision of a supply of soft water from the river, and render the costly shaft and tank erected at the terminus useless. With this necessity impending, and with the prospect of more or less injury resulting to the boilere of the locomotives for every week that the hard water is used, it is clearly to the interest of the Public Works Department to bring the water into Albury as soon as possible; and we need hardly say that the one scheme will supply both the town and the terminus. It is to be hoped that this question will receive immediate attention. CROWN LAND SALES.—Auction sales of Crown lands will be held at Albury on 9th February and 16th of the same month. SODDEN DEATH.—The wife of Mr. Eisenhardt, an old resident of the town, died suddenly a few days since. ALBUBY GOLDMINING COMPANY, LIMITED.— The main shaft has been sunk 13ft. during the past fortnight Another lot of stone will be put through the mill next week. THE RAILWAY OPENING.—The date of the formal opening of the railway has now been definitely fixed for Thursday, 3rd February, that day being selected by the committee from three submitted to their choice by the Department. ST. PATRICK'S CHURCH ART-UNION. — The drawing for the art-uniou prizes in connection with St. Patrick's Church and the Convent Chapel, Albury, will take place at the Mechanics' Institute on the 26th inst. WODONGA SHIRE COUNCIL.—A special meeting of this body convened for Thursday last, for the purpose of dealing with tenders for works at Bonegilla, was adjourned until the next regular meeting of the Council, owing to the non-arrival of the plans, &c.;, from Melbourne. MURRUMBIDGEE TURF CLUB.—The following sires have been entered for the Murrumbidgee Turf Club Sires' Produce Stakes :—John Bull, The Diver, Mercury, Messenger, Infidel, Teddington, Emerald, Kingborough, Lecturer, Maribyrnong, Sonmus, The Lester, Glorious, and Paris. ANNUAL MEETINGS.—The annual meetings of owners of large stock will be held as follows :— Albury, Hume, Corowa, and Urana, on Friday, the 25th February. The annual meetings of sheepowners for the same districts will be held also on the same date. BOY DRUNKARDS.—Two lads, aged respectively nine and eleven years, were brought before the local bench on Thursday last on a charge of drunkenness. It is to be regretted that the person who supplied them with the liquor could not, or has not, been punished for his share in the disgraceful business. PROLIFIC OATS.—We have received from Mr. Hill an excellent sample of white oats grown by him on tbe Wodonga flats from New Zealand seed, and yielding the very handsome return of 53 bushels to the acre. These oats should be extremely valuable for seed purposes. The sample may be seen at the office of this paper. THE LATE FIRE AT BROCKLESBY.—An inquest was held by the coroner on Wednesday last upon the recent fire destroying two stacks of hay and two stacks of straw, the property of Messrs. Burrow Bros. The jury found that the stacks had been wilfully set on fire, but by whom there was no evidence to show. A full report of the proceedings is published in another column. THE BROWNRIGG TESTIMONIAL.—The testimonial to Captain Brownrigg, late police magistrate, was presented on Wednesday last, at noon. The ceremony took place at the Council Chambers, in the presence of a large number of the subscribers. Mr. J. Walker Jonu3 occupied the chair and made the presentation. A full report is published elsewhere. LARRIKINISU.—Wc regret to learn that the evil of larrikinism appears to be spreading in Albury. On Wednesday night Mr. Tregoning was visited by a crowd of young roughs, who asked for water. He kindly suppljed their wants, only to find shortly afterwards that a grindstone bad been removed from his premises and broken to pieces, and that a good axe had also disappeared. ROWDIES.—At the local police court yesterday three young men were sentenced to variouB short terms of imprisonment for riotous behaviour on the racecourse at the Oddfellows' sports. On being conveyed to. the gaol in the police cart, one of the number named Davis, thought fit to make an exhibition of bravado by taking off his hat and cheering lustily as he passed through Dean-sireet BURTON'S CIRCUS.—This highly popular troupe erform in Albury this evening, Monday, and P 'ueBday. The circus, which is now the property of Mr. Woodyear, iB the largest and best at present travelling in Australia, and is most highly spoken of by the press. We have been requested to mention that owing to the miscarriage of the posters, the town has not been properly billed, as it usually is previous to the arrival of the troupe. FIRE AT SPLITTER'S CREEK.—We regret to leara that a bush-fire which broke ont on Monday laBt at Splitter's Creek, spread to the holding of Mr. Jacob Mohr, totally destroying his house, Btacks, fences, and a considerable quantity of agricultural machinery. < The loss sustained, we arc sorry to learn, represents entire nun to Mr. Mohr, and the occasion is therefore a very proper one for the manifestation of public sympathy with the sufferer. We hope to hear of a subscription-list being opened in his behalf. CABS FOR WODONGA.—Mr. G. Filmer, who it will be remembered was first in the field to supply the want of coaching accommodation between Albury and Wodonga, still plies on the old line, and has recently })urchasea three very nice-looking and comfortable cars, similar to those piping in the streets of Melbourne. These cabs now run at regular intervals throughout the day, and appear to be very generally patronised by those persons whose business necessitates much travelling between tbe two border town- ALBURY RACES.—There has for some time past been reason to fear that the Albury races would this season lapse altogether. We are glad to learn that there is some prospect of this being averted. A number of gentlemen interested in the progress of the town, and anxious to keep up the annual races, have held a preliminary meeting with a view to the formation of a new club. Should the movement prove successful, as it appears very likely to be, we may hope to see the programme of the Albury races for 1881 advertised before the end of the month. DANGER IN THE STREETS.—On the night of the 1st inst. two men returning from the Oddfellows' gala met with an accident caused by the system of leaving heaps of gravel in the roadway without proper lights. The men referred to were riding down Olive-street, and at the intersection of Wilson- street both horses fell over a heap of gravel on the road, one ot the horses turning a complete somersanlt and rolling over its rider, who was slightly injured. This particular heap of gravel has been lying at the place mentioned for a considerable time, and unless lights be kept burning at the spot, we shall probably have some more serious mishap to record. ACCIDENT AT GEROGERY.—An accident of a rather serious character is reported to have taken place on Saturday last at Gerogery to a boy 14 years old, named Mark M'Grath. The lad, it appears, was driving a cart from the railway station, the cart being loaded with boxes. Shortly after starting one of the boxes commenced to slip, and whilst M'Grath was endeavoring to fix it the horse bolted, and the box fell, knocking the boy to the ground in such a position that the cartwheel passed over his foot, which was severely bruised. The patient was taken to the Wagga Wagga hospital, where, we understand, he is progressing favorably. FREIGHT OP WHEAT TO SYDNEY.—In compliance with the request of a number of subscribers, we append a statement of the cost of forwarding wheat to Sydney. The railway freight on a ton of grain from Albury will be i!l 16a,, besides terminal charges of Is. per ton at each end for loading and unloading, or £1 18s. in all. The cost of delivering the grain from the Sydney terminus to any portion of the city is 2s. 6d. per ton, which thus brings up the entire sum to £2 Os. 6d. per ton. Reckoning 37 bushels to the ton, this gives a trifle over 13d. per bushel. We may add, however, that the terminal charges for loading and unloading maybe saved if tbe owner chooses to load and unload the grain himself. NORTH-EASTERN MUNICIPAL GROUP.—A meeting of the representatives of the newly-formed group of municipal bodies in the north-eastern portion of Victoria, was held at Wodonga on Wednesday. The object of the meeting was to determine what steps should be taken with a view to conserve the interests of the shires represented, in the matter of the future apportionment of the Government endowment of local bodies. It was decided to communicatc with the members for the several districts concerned, in order to arrange for a deputation to wait upon the Government. The representatives present were— Mr. Thos. Cahill, president of the Towong Shire Council; Mr. D. Robinson, of the Yackandandah Shire Council; and Mr. Reidy, president of the Wodonga Shire Council. THE MELBOURNE EXHIBITION.—Tbe Victorian railway authorities have taken steps to carry out a promise to afford the children resident in the country districts, with their guardians, an opportunity of attending the Exhibition. As a matter of convenience to the Department, and to allow of the concentration of the rolling stock as far as possible on each liue at a given time, it has been decided, alter very carcful investigation, to deal with tbe whole colony sectionally. The tickets will be issued at half excursion lares, avilablc lor return for one week by any regular train, and adults acting as guardians or friends of children will be permitted to travel in any number at these rates without challenge. The trains will be special to Melbourne, ieaving the furthest country terminus at an early hour in the morning. THE INTERCOLONIAL CONFERENCE.—A special train arrived at Wodonga shortly before 2 p.m. on Wednesday last, containing the following representatives of various colonies on their way to attend tbe Conference in Sydnev :—Victoria—Hon. G. Berry, Hon. W. M. K. Vale; South Australia—Hon. W. Morgan (Premier), Hon. C. Mann (Treasurer); Queensland—Mr. Palmer; Tasmania — Hon. — Giblin (Premier), and the Attorney-General; the Chief Justice of Western Australia. The party were met at the terminus by a four-in-hand coach driven by Mr. J. Lloyd, manager for Messrs. Cobb and Co., and taken to the Albury terminus, where a special train was in wailing provided with the new palace dining-car and all other conveniences. The train started at once for Sydney. During the brief stay of the party in Albury, the members of the local Railway Demonstration Committee interviewed Mr. Berry, and obtained a promise from him that some of the Victorian Ministers would be present at the opening of the Great Southern Railway on the 3rd Februaty. Mr. Berry said it would only be a matter of the greatest importance which would keep him away on the occasion, and Mr. Vole concurred. YOUNG ALBURY AND MR. BERRY.—From J. incident that occurred the other day, it would appear that some of the youngsters in this district hold very pronounced political opinions, not by any means favorable to the present Victorian Government. At the beginning of the week the caterer for the palace dining- car, sent up for the accommodation of the Conference delegates, was out on a kind of foraging expedition, purchasing poultry for the regalement of the distinguished visitors. During his tour he met a lad, son of a local resident, bearing two fine swans, the proceeds of a shooting excursion. The caterer, anxious to procure a somewhat rare delicacy, spoke to the boy and offered to buy one. The lad, not being of a mercenary turn of mind, readily presented one of the birds, declining payment. The caterer, however, thought a brace would look better on the table, and pleaded hard for the other, mentioning by way of special inducement that it was wanted for the Premier of Victoria. Unfortunately this statement had an altogether different effect to that anticipated. Snatching back the first bird, the lad made off, remarking in tones of considerable indignation that he was not going to provide game for " Berry and his crowd." ALBURY BOROUGH COUNCIL.—The regular fortnightly meeting of this body was held on Wednesday evening, The water-supply question again cropped up during the evening, the mayor stating that no further intimation had been received from the Government on the subject. It was decided to forward another letter to the Department urging despatch in the preparation of the plans. The grant of £100 to the mayor in aid of the railway opening demonstration fund was the subject of a motion by Alderman Frew. Alderman Gulson drew attention to the rate proposed to be charged for tickets, which be regarded as excessive. Alderman Frew then said that he had supported the proposal to subsidise the movement in the belief that the demonstration would be a popular affair, to be joined in by all classes. If, however, these high rates were persisted in, he should withdraw his resolution. A good deal of discussion took place, which went to show that the feeling ot the Council generally was in favor of a lower price being fixed for the luncheon and banquet tickets than that proposed by the Demonstration Committee. Ultimately Alderman Frew's motion was withdrawn. A special meeting of the Council will be held on Mondav to decide whether the £100 shall be granted, and by the decision then arrived at the Demonstration Committee will be guided in fixing the price of tickets. MINING AT TUMBARUMBA.—A telegram from Adelong, dated Tuesday last, runs as follows:— " A letter from Tumbarumba states that arrangements have been made with Mr. Mate jun., to mine on and under his land, situated about three miles from the Tumbarumba township, on the Tumbarumba Creek. There is a tunnel 500 feet long, which was cut by a Sydney company some years ago, and gold-bearing wash was found all } along the five hundred l'eet, except in a 'jump up' of fifteen feet, but the sudden rush of water which.took place immediately after the washdirt was struck caused a temporary suspension of the work, and the flow of water continuing caused a complete stoppage in the tunnel. Like many other mining companies formed during the milling mania, it wa6 finally abandoned, and Mr. Mate selected the ground. It ha? since been profitably worked by two tunnels at a higher level, but the washdirt dipped so suddenly under the basalt which overlies the wash in the hill, that the then owners decided to put in the lower tunnel. It is confidently felt that this can be made, with a little outlay, one of the most valuable alluvial claims in the counlry. The water which stopped the former working has almost disappeared altogether. It is the intention to begin active operations immediately, and there are hopes of getting out washdirt in from one to two months after the work has been started." SNAKE-FISHING.—A correspondent sends us the following :—" Whilst out fishing a few days ago I noticed the rod shaking a little, but did not feel any bite at the time. Thinking, however, that the bait might be off or that some small fish might perhaps have been hooked, I gently raised the rod and drew in the line towards 'the bank. Whilst I was pulling the line in, nothing seemed to be on it till just as the line was within two feet from the bank and the hook about three inches under the surface of the water, when a sudden pull took it towards the middle of the river. I naturally thought that I had caught a good-sized fish, as it tugged very hard. I gradually drew in the line and lifted the supposed fish clear out of the water, when to my surprise it turned out to be a large brown snake. It wriggled about a good deal whilst I was drawing it up the bank on to level ground, but as soon as it was fairly landed I hit it with the butt end of the rod once or twice over the back and head, and killed it. I then found that the snake was fairly nooked, and had a small bit of the bait—a frog— in its mouth. The hook was nearly two inches down his throat. The 6nake was just 4ft. 9in. in length. It gave me a rare start when I raw it dangling on the line, but I was at one end and the snake at the other, and the rod being a long one I had plenty of room to reach at binf. Another person who was with me at the time can bear witness to the accuracy of the above statement. The only way in which I can account for this strange haul is on the supposition that the snake must have been at the edge of the river and seeing the bait moving, darted at it and so got hooked." THE HARVEST ON THE VICTORIAN BORDER.— hirom our Wangaratta contemporary, we learn that the yield throughout tbe Oxler, Wangaratta and Tarrawingee districts will this season be much under that of last year. What with rust and poor, sickly crops, the result of late sowing, it is not likely the average will be much over 10 bushels to the acre. On all sides is heard the cry that grain-growing does not pay, and as prices rule at present there appears to be some truth in the wail. Our contemporary mentions having seen some wheat so badly tainted with rust that it would not fetch more than Is. lOd. per bushel. TENDERS ACCEPTED.—The following tenders have been accepted by the Department of Public Instruction : -Additions to residence, Brucedale Public School, John M'IntoBh ; erection of buildings, Burraja Public School, M'Cartney and Co. WANDILIGONG HORTICULTURAL SHOW.—We have received the prize- list of the Wandili^ong Horticultural Society. The list is a remarkably liberal and comprehensive one, including numerous awards for plants, flowers, and fruits, as well as for exhibits of farm and dairy produce and needlework—articles which can hardly be said to fall legitimately within the province of a horticultural society. The show takes place on the 17th, 18th, and 19th of March, and we are glad to learn bids fair to be as successful as the energy of its promoters deserves. Albury in this respect might well take example by the people of the Upper Ovens township. The Federal City is much more numerously populated than Waudiligong, and yet, so far it has never been able or at all events has never attempted, to get up a show of fruit and flowers. HARVESTING MACHINES.—A trial of reapers and mowers took place recently at Salisbury under the auspice* of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society of South Australia. An Adelaide contemporary in referring to the contest says .-—"There was active competition amount the winnowers, and the judges had a difficult task to decide between the respective merits-: of the one to which the first prize was awarded— G. Sloman's—and that which took the certificate of merit. Both did their work well and in quick time, the former getting through eight ba^s in one hour and two minutes, and the latter four ba<>s and a half m tbirty-five minutes." The prize awarded to Mr. Sloman—who, we may mention is the father ot Mr. Sloman, machinist, of this town—was £5 or a silver medal. The machine is reported by the judges to be " a good machine, of light draught, that does its work well, and is cheap at the price." IMPORTANT LAND SALE.—Buyers of land will have a good chance of satisfying their wants this day, at the Globe Hotel. Messrs. W. C Steel and Co. have 20 lots to offer on most iiberal terms. The whole of the lots to be offered by them are centrally situated, and we think that most of them will be secured, as we are informed that there is no reserve. Messrs. Chas. L. Griffith and Co. have also a number of lots to offer. All the plans can be seen at the Globe Hotel this morning. DENTISTRY.-Mr. De Saxe, surgeon- dentist, pays his customary visit to Albury on Tuesday next, the 18th inst. Mr. Geo. Hall, dentist, is now in town, and may be consulted at the Exchange Hotel. PHOTOGRAPHY.—Messrs. Davis Bros., photo- graphers, "Banner"-chambers, Dean-street, have taken some very good pictures on the terminus ground. Amongst the number are photos of the interior and exterior of the palace dining-car, &c.;, &c.; In one of the pictures two or three well- known local residents will be recognised. SALE OP STAMPS.—Mr. W. Bilbrougb, of Deanstreet, Albury, has been authorised to sell postage stamps. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in the present issue, omitting only those specially referred to elsewhere and those which are not of sufficient importance to require particular mention :—Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. will sell on Monday, 24th January, Mr. Nelson's property at Mungabareena, also several valuable freeholds in David and Macaulev streets ; on Tuesday, 25th, the same firm wiil sell Mr. Nelson's furniture, live stock, haj', &c.;, &c.; on Wednesday, 19th January, the same firm will sell Mr. Rose's furniture ; this day, at noon, Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. will sell a valuable freehold in Perry-street; on Wednesday, 26th January, the same firm will sell 130 head of mixed cattle; this morning, at 11.30, Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. will sell six villa sites in North-street; Mr. W. Ballard advertises good accommodation and paddocks at the Bethanga Bridge Hotel; Mr. Geo. Dougharty has a small estate for sale ; Mr. J. Cochrane offers £10 for conviction of trespassers forcing a passage across his laud; chestnut mare lost from Mulwala • weights for Towong Shire Handicap are published; Messrs. Mortand Co., Svdnev, announce thic they have made arrangements to go largely into the grain trade ; Mr. Henderson announces the arrival of new goods at Manchester House with novelties for the Railwav Ball; Crown land sales at Albury on 16th February and 23rd February ; tenders invited for conveyance of mails ; tenders invited by Wodonga Shire Council for earthworks at Bonegilla ; sheep advertised by Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. for sale this day have been sold privately; grey mare lost from' Walla Walla; trespassers on Messrs. Reis and Dalhnger s land at Bonegilla are cautioned ; the next meeting of the Alburv Debating Society will take place on Fridav ; Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. announce that after 22nd inst' they will hold their salts of fat stock on Wednesday instead of Saturday; Mr. Mudee announces a sale of furniture at his nurt this dav ; gold loeket lost, reward ; Mrssrs. Griffith and Co. announce a Pale of farm an Messrs. Piggin will sell dairy herd, &c.;, at Corowa, on 29th January ; the same firm sell daity herd and farm implements at Bnrrviaa on 26th January ; dividend in estate of J. DAV payable on 19th; cricket match at Germanton on 22nd mst.; • 