FIRES IN THE milNTRY . On Friday, December 24,. a lire broke ont on the property of Mr. 6. A. Gebh&rdt;, at Mount Clove, near bia woolshed. A number of hie men were soon on the soot, and subdued it after about 800 acres of grass and a quantity of firewood had been destroyed. The men remained watching the fire all night, and returned to the head station on Saturday morning, reporting the danger over; bat some remains must have been left, as the fire started again daring the morning, and destroyed about 2,000 acres of graBs and several miles of fencing on Mr. Gebhardt's property, and also about eighty acres of the adjoining land belonging to Messrs. E. & O. W. Bowman, notwithstanding the efforts of a number of the neighbours, who did their best to stay the progress of the fire. A few nights ago the people of Angaston and suburbs were greatly alarmed by what appeared to be a large fire in their midst. Some youths heedless of law and danger had eet fire to the long grass in the park with a view to improving the oval for their Ohrijstmas cricket matches, and the night being hot and the grass very dry the fire spread with greater rapidity than was anticipated) filling the air with columns of smoke and lighting np the surrounding space for some distance, and alarming all who had crops or other property near. However, by the time these persons had arrived to extinguish the fire it had subsided and no further damage was done than giving a needless alarm to severs persons and violating the Bushfires Act, which no doubt has not escaped the vigilant eye of the resident trooper. A fire broke oat on the western side of Mr. Angas's Oollingrore Estate on Tuesday morning last, and at one time became most alarming, threatening to destroy large paddocks of thick grasB where sheep and cattle were grazing. Bnt by dint ot great exertion on the part of Mr. Angas and hiB men and neighbours, the ravages of the flames were checked and. the fire got under, although not before a large area of land had been entirely denuded of gras9 and the fences had been more or less damaged. It is supposed that the fire originated through the most culpable carelessness of the deliuqnent, who richly deserves to be punished not only for the damage to property but also for spoiling the Christmas holiday of a number of deserving men. A fire broke out in a grass paddock near Camden at noon on Tuesday, December 28, and, there being a southerly wind at the time, the flames spread rapidly and burned the grass and fences in their course past. Sir Thomas Elder's and Messrs. Sherrard's and Carpenter's premises. They were stopped, however, by the saltbuBh. About I o'clock on the same day a fire occurred near the Blympton Station, and burnt all Mr. '.Hancock's grass and garden, his dwelling-house being saved only by the strenuouB efforts of himself and neighbours. This destroyed about 15 acres, but a toad pre vented it from going on to Mr. Parkin's pre mises. There was also a fire at Hilton about the same time, but this did not do much dam&ge.; It is supposed by the gentleman to whom we are indebted for the information that the whole of this destruction of property was caused by sparks from the engine of the Hold fast Bay Bailway train. Millicent, December 23. A fire broke out in Eealy's paddock, near the township, this afternoon, and destroyed fifteen acres of hay. Immediate assistance was rendered ui*h judgment, and thirty acres of the same paddoek were eaved. The fire was occasioned by a careless boy smoking. The crop is the property of Messrs. McKellar & Ginger, butchers. Everything is getting excessively dry, and much anxiety iB felt in regard to fires, this being the third that has ocoarred this season. Gladstone, December 29. A very extensive fire is burning in the Wir rabsra Forest. The smoke hss been seen since an early bonr yesterday morning, but it is be lieved to be a loDg distance from the Mill Works. Information as to the origin of the fire or the extent of the damage doue is as yet un known, but further particulars will be brought to the township to-morrow. Gladstone. December 30. The fire in the Wirrabara Forest is burning uninterruptedly, and fears are entertained now that great damage will be done, as it is rapidly nearing the sawmills, where a large number of men are located. The smoke is suffocating io this township, and the flames can be distinctly Been. A change in the weather is looked for. Enowtown, December 29, Afternoon. A fire has just occurred at Mr. McCoy's farm, Oondonie, at which four horses, two hay stacks, a chaff cutter, and horseworks were burnt. An inquest will be held. The origin of the fire is unknown. Mr. Haselgrove and several resi dents of Snowtown rendered all assistance possible, but their efforts were of no avail. Auburn, December 29. A fire started this morning on the open section about a quarter of a mile from the town ship. Luckily the wind was not very strong otherwise the road that stopped the flames would not have been wide enough. Had the flames crossed it, the result would have been disastrous as on the adjoining land ripe crops are standing. Police-constable Stewart and a number of men are still on the ground. Several acres of grass have been burnt. Crystal Brosfe, December 29. An inquest was held to-day on the fire which destroyed Mr. Skewe's bayetack, Mr. John Patterson, J.P., officiating as Coroner. There was no evidence to show bow the fire occurred, and an open verdict was returned. Tanunda, December 30. Last night Mr. Wilhelm Werner's farmhouse at Langsmeil was destroyed by fire. The cause is unknown. The _ property was not insured. But for the calm night the sheds and haystack would not bave been saved. The. Tanunda fire engine was at work. Wilmington, December 30. At an inquest held by Mr. John Ormiston, J.P., on the fire of last week in Hoirocks Pass the_ Jury were of opinion that It was caused accidentally by the stationmsn setting fire to the grass around the quarry, whioh ignited a tin of blasting power left on the top ol the quarry by some of the men. A rider was added censoring the stationman for lighting the grass witbout having taken sufficient precaution to see that the ground was olear of all explosive materials. Laura, December 30. A Isrge fire is raging on Mr. Beid's Beetaloo Bun, near Laura, nearly the whole of the run being one mass of'flame. This afternoon the leading residents here drove out with about a hundred men to assist in arresting the spread of the fire^ and there being many wheat crops in dose proximity thereto fears as to their safety were entertained. The head station is con sidered safe, as the hands have burnt the grass within a wide radius of it. The fire is still burning with great rapidity, and Mr. Beid will be a very heavy loser. There is little hope of arresting its progress so long as the wind continues. There is also another large fire some milts further north; In fact, the greater ]>arto| the Hinders Bange seems enveloped in flame, end the sky is lit np with a lurid glare. A small fire oeonrred in Laura this morning, caused by a servant-girl throwing ashes on the grass, bat timely assistance being obtained it was extinguished after burning several acres of grass. Mount Gambier, December 31. Yesterday bush fires did great damage on several runs in the neighbourhood. On Mr. Ellis's Coola Station, near Benora, a stone wool shed and men's hut, with the contents, yards, and great length of fencing and grass, have been burnt. The loss is stated to be jS2,C30. A large quantity of grass and fencing has been destroyed on Mr. Whinham's Benara Estate, and Mr. Albert Flats has .bad an empty stone cottage burnt on the adjoining land. On Oaptaln Gardiner's Mount Schanck Estate 30,000 acres of grass, fifteen miles of fencing, and a few sheep have been destroyed, as also has a considerable quantity of grass and other pro perty on Mrs. Crowe's Mingbcol Ban, and on the lands of Messrs. Templeman, Gurry, Keogh, Byan, and B. Kilsby, farmers. A fire near the Glenelg Biver has swept a large tractof pastoral eonntiy. The fire3 ate not quite -out yet. Daring a thunderstorm yesterday the lightning ran along the wires of a fence belonging to Mr. Thomas B. "Walters, farmer, here, and bnrnt holes in Borne of the post3, split others, and ignited the graes alongside. The consequence was that some of the fencing wts destroyed, and ahont three tons of hay, which wrs lying cocked. The weather is now much cooler. 