VICTORIAN MEMS. I8,889 persons attended the Melbourne Exhibition on Monday. Mr, Milner Stephen is perigrinating the country districts, and is reported to be effecting several cures. Parliament has been adjourned until February 15, ten days longer than the time proposed by Mr, Berry. The Legislative Council has altered the starting-point for the Kerang line from Elmore to Eaglehawk. The Melbourne Hospital Sunday collections amounted to £5777, being an increase of £195 over the previous year. Mr Brownless, Vice-Chancellor of the University, lise/been nominated by the Council to fill the position of Chancellor, vice the late Sir R. Barry. In the Legislative Council, on the 24th ult., the Phylloxera Vine Disease Bill, Country Waterworks Loans Bill, and Railway Loan Bill were all passed. The Commissioner of Trade and Customs has consented to the brewers taking the estimate of their casks at 51 gallons, and to pay 8s. 6d. per cask duty instead of 9s. The wool entries for the exhibition at Melbourne number 205. Victoria sends 108, New bouth Wales 29, Queensland 6, South Australia 18, New Zealand 23, and Tasmania 21. The Kaarimba correspondent of the Nagambie Times writes :—" The farmers here have formed a company for the purpose of exporting their own wheat. The company decided on placing 2000 bags of wheat on the London market." The death of Mr. Hopgood, sen., late of Coimadai, at the advanced age of 101 years, is announced in the Bacchus Marsh paper. Mr. Hopgood was born on 12th January, 1779, and arrived in Melbourne in 1835, per ship Enterprise. At the Ellenborough Mine, Sandhurst, about 200 tons of stone fell, causing four men to be imprisoned in the workings. Relays were put on to clear the level, and they were rescued amidst the cheers of the large crowd which had gathered on the spot. The R.M.S. Bokhara left Melbourne on the 24th ult., with the usual fortnightly mails for England vid Suez. The treasure shipped at Melbourne by her was of the value of £117,701, of which £59, 455 was coined gold, and the balance consisted of 14,562 oz. bar gold. Captain Payne, the late harbormaster has instituted proceedings against the Government to recover compensation alleged to be due in connec- tion with services rendered in the penal depart- ment, which was not paid on his services being recently dispensed with. The Phylloxera Bill, which has just passed all its stages in the Victorian Assembly, provides that when a vineyard is destroyed with the vines not diseased, the owner shall be compensated to the extent of three years' crops of such vines, while the owner of diseased crops may claim the value of one year's crop. Mr. Marshall, head teacher of the Chiltern State-school, is about to leave for St. Arnaud. We (O. and M. Adaertiser) hear that the school at the latter place is much larger than the Chiltern one. During his career in Chiltern Mr. Marshall has taken an active part in every movement catcuated to promote the interests of the Federal City. The men working in the Sunday claim, near Beechworth, after driving for the reef for twelve months, were rewarded by striking at the southern end of the claim stone of great richness, which is calculated (says the 0. and M. Advertiser) to go several ounces to the toll. The fortunate proprietors of the claim are Messrs. Richard Warren and Christensen. The three days' Go-as-you- please Tournament in Melbourne was concluded on Saturday morning, and resulted in a victory for Swan. The relative positions of the competitors at the termination were as follow:—Swan, 163 mile3 12 laps; Baker, 163 miles 5 laps; Seymour, 160 miles 4 laps ; Raynor, 158 milesvl laps; Harris, 154 miles 2 laps. The will of the late Sir Redmond Barry was proved last week in the Supreme Court, Melbourne. The property was sworn at £10,000 in value. The testator bequeaths all his property to Mrs. Barrow, and at her death to be divided amongst his four children — Nicholas, Eliza, George, and Frederick Barrow—in such proportion as she may think proper. He gives to bis two nephews, George Broadly and Henry Broadly, £500 each. " A bootmaker by trade, named Samuel Fischer, who has for some time been professing to effect cures through the operation of " Baun Scheiditism," was summoned at the Sandhurst Police Court last week, on a charge of pretending fa be a doctor. The action was brought bv the Crown, counsel beiug engaged on both sides." Afterheariug the evidence, the bench tiued Fischer in the amount of £10, with 2s. 6d. costs. The defendant gave notice oi' appeal. The annual cricket match in Melbourne between Parliament and Press took place on Friday, the 24th ult The Press team, who went'first to the wickets, closed their innings for a total of 172 runs. The Parliamentary representatives made only 56 in their first innings; they had thus to go in again, and when time was called hlad lost seven wickets for 82. As the game was decided by the first innings, the Press thus won by 116 runs. Mr. J. Ferres, the Government printer, retires from his position, after 29 vears' service at the beginning of the year. The Chief Secretary (says the Argus) has not yet filled the vacancy. The two officers next to Mr. Ferres have also passed the superannuation period, and \v|u therefore be passed over, and for the present the oflice wiii be left in charge of Mr. Win. Coakley, the senior of the sub-overseers. A permanent appointment will probably be shortly iuat^e. The team to represent Victoria in the Inter- University cricket match with New South Wales on the Melbourne Cricket-ground onth^ 7ih, 8th, and 10th January, will be chosen frimi A. J. Agg, Campbell, Downes, Goldsmith, /Hepburn, Horan, Mackay, Oakley, A. Skinner, H. J. Scott, G. Wilkie, and D. Wilkie. The Sydney University will be represented by Coatis, Allen, Garrett, Jones, Faithfull, Iceton, Powell, Sly, Teece, Wright, Lord, and Metcalf. j A most disastrous bush-fire occurral on Sunday at Bung Bong, near Avoca. The flames originated in the Lamplough forest,! through a boy burning a log of wood to secure a rabbit, and spread over several miles «f country. Great damage has been done to several large farms. Mr. Christopher Abbott has lost all his grass and fencing, Mr. Milne a standing crop aud & quantity of grass, Mr. Jones a homestead and two large stacks of hay, whilst Mr. Miller lost all this season's produce. For miles the country ie one mass qt blackened embers. Over two years ago Keuueth M'Donald, a sheepfarmer at Dartmoor, in the Western district, was arrested for cattle-stealing, and was committed for trial. On the 10th October, 1876, wheu awaiting his trial in the Hamilton Gaol, he effected his escape. His brother was convicted lor aiding him in hit escape, but until now the original offender has evaded the hands of justice. About three weeks ago, however, he was heard of (says the Argus) in Riverina, aud on Monday a telegram was received announcing his arrest at Mount Gipps Station, near Deuiliquin. A sad case of drowning occurred at the Big-hill, Sandhurst, on Sunday morning. Two mothers named Ernest and John Foster, aged 19 and 17 years respectively, the one a state school teacher at Hortham, who came home to spend theholidays, and the other a blacksmith, went to a dam in the neighborhood mentioned to bathe. At 5 o'clock in the afternoon their clotbus were found oil the bank of the dam, and search was at once m\ide for the bodies. Th y were not reepvered, however, until about midnight. The coroner held an inquest, when a verdict of accidental drowning was returned. Qn Monday night a man who put up at Kane's Hotel, Beech worth, was robbed of some £6 or £8 aud (a watch and chain. He missed the articles in the morning on getting up to dress himself, Suspecting a young man named Spellman, wh>. 8 slept an the same room with him, but who had ! e I ,ta j 1 t " e ' '* ,ore ,. he S ot "P, ^atonce communi- Ca^d vuh tbc aud 011 proceeding to the ^ f e 8 ^ 0 " Spellman toi discovered ready to take his departure by train. On being searched the missing money and watch were found on him. He was brought up at the police court, and re manded lor eight days. A terrible accident occurred to ateam of bullocks when crossing a bridge over the Goulburn River, near Echuca, on Saturday last. The bridge con- sisted of two parts—one fixed on piles, the other a lift, which is raised or let down to enable steamers to pass. The team consisted of 14bullocks, drawing a waggon loaded with 96 bags of barley, and, when approaching the lift, it was observed to be gradu aUy sinking, and the waggon and contents pre cipitated into the water about 40 feet below, two of the animals being suspended by their yokes and thus hung. The dray, in descending, turned a complete somersault, and now lies in the river, wheels uppermost. The Horsham Times records the occurrence ot a singular accideut at Kewell, by which a boy, nine years of age, son of Mr. James Wallis, lost his life. The parents having occasion to leave the premises for some time, locked the door, and following a very common custom, put the key on the inner window sill. The little boy coming home opened the window, but knocked the key down. He endeavored to get it, and while so engaged the window sash fell on his neck completely pinning him down, his strength being unequal to the task of raising the window, and he could not aid him self by means of his hands. The consequence was that the weight of the sash strangled him and he was found quite dead. At the City Court, Melbourne, on Tuesday Fredrick R. Bulien, a young man about 25 years old, was brought up on charge of. threatening to shoot Constable Brett. The evidence (says the Argus) was to the effect that the prisoner was fighting in a brothel early that morning, and threatened to shoot Constable Brett, who went to put an end to the disturbance. He had a revolver in his hand, which was loaded in five chambers, and fought furiously when the constable took him in charge. _ Before the constable arrived the prisoner had beaten a woman residing in the house so severely that she was unable to appear aud give evidence. The Etiich remanded the case lor a week, when it was cXpecled the injured woman would be well enough to attend the court. We learu from the Anjtis that an outrage of a most, brutal character was commuted in Collingwood about midnight on Christmas Eve. A fellow named George llujjman met a woman named Jane Irwin in Gbps- street, and made overtures to her, which were refused. He then caught her by the neck, and dragged her to the back of the Wesleyan Church, where he knocked her down, and with brutal violence ravisLed her. Holding an open knife in one hand, he slashed her about the face and body with it, inflicting frightful injuries. The cries of the woman attracted the police to the spot, and she was taken to the hospital, vjiere she now lies in a most critical condition. The perpetrator of the outrage was afterwards arrested, and was brought bsi'ore the Collingwood Bench on Tuesday, but as the woman was unable to appear he was remanded for seven days. The Melbourne restates thatadiabolicaloutrage was perpetrated one night last week, during the 10 o'clock shift, at the works of the Hoffmau's Brick Compauy, at Brunswick, viz., the placing of an iron bar in the cog of the laige wheel connected with the machinery. Its discovery before the engine was set iu motion was purely fortuitous. Had it not been observed certain death would have occurred to several of the men engaged about the machinery, while the engine-house and premises would probably have been wrecked, and between 100 and 200 of the employes would have been thrown out of work for some weeks. A number of newly hand-made bricks were also destroyed by being walked upon, an act that has led to the arrest of the presumed offender, a man named Andrews, who was recently discharged for drunkenness, the soft clay having taken and retained a faithful impress of his boots. Not a bad way of "raising the wind" is the following from the Kyneton Observer :—" A youn« man wanted to get married. He had fixed upon a fair maiden'as his future wife, aud obtained her cousent, but he lacked funds to pay for the furniture which the couple would require insetting up housekeeping. He at last hit upon a plan to get the necessary money to start in married life. He kept secret the fact of his engagement from his lneuds and associates, to whom he went rouud, and in the couise of conversation begau to talk about marriage, aud after the subject had been discussed pretty freely, he offered to make a wager that he would be married before any who wo take him up. Knowing that he was in receipi small " salary, and J ' had ' never saved * any mon" his bets, varying in amount from £10 to £1, w readily taken up. In this way he had about £'. _ on bets. He soon got married and ordered fui^ ture for his house, and when the bill came collected his bets and paid the tradesmen." An "owner" is required by the MelbouS ! police (says the Argus) for a little girl about ei years old. The child was brought before *Jr, City Court on Tuesday morning, and from It, statements made by Sergeant Mooney and a c^® stable, it appeared that about 11 o'clock lastS day night she was found in Bourke-street, taken to the watch house. She gave her uam([, Mary Ann Sands, and said she had been brou ' down to Melbourne a day or two previously fi Wagsa Wagga, where her father was a butC) a working for Mr. Wilson. The person • brought her to town, she also said, was her cor a young woman about 15 years old, who ; parted from her somewhere in Melbourne. Call sent the child to the Industrial Schoolf seven days, and ordered the police to writi Wagga and make inquiries wherever they ctfl about her. He also requested the press tc™ kind enough to mention the case, in order th any of the relatives of the girl were anxiou: recover her they might be able to do so. The 0. and M. Advertiser reports that a f ful accident happened a few days since to Mr T. Soulby, proprietor ot the" Post- ollice H Beechworth. While engaged in placing a signment of sodawater in the hotel cellar on! tlie bottles fell to the floor, and on Mr. So' picking it up it unexpectedly burst in his lacerating the face iu the immediate vicinity the right eye. Mr. Geddes, the chemist, speedily in attendance, and dressed the wori r advising Mr. Soulby to see a doctor, as it feared that the eyeball had received serious inj This fear received confirmation on Dr. Fox L " consulted, and the patient was advised to pro: to Melbourne and secure the services ofj experienced oculist, which has since been cj In connection with the foregoing the Advei) of Tuesday has the following :—The unfortrf gentleman arrived in Melbourne at midnighj Friday, and soon after eight o'clook the i'Qlio| morning had an interview with the famous oof Dr. Bowen, who (to give Mr. Soulby's owi count) the moment he examined the eyj pronounced it a hopeless case. He staled the injuries the organ had reoeived were sii terrific and far beyond all human aid. His a4 was that the sufferer should immediately urn* an operation and have the eye removed entj with a view of preserving the other; othel it might end in loss of both. " It was bad n| says Mr. Soulby, "Btill I could not but conl so at half-past two o'clock in the afternoon ! Bowen and Garrod performed the operation J so far as we are able to judge, everything is on satisfactorily. I am in good health and 6j| and thankful that so miserable a fiasco hai ended in a greater loss." • 