(from the argus correspondent.) London, Jan, 7. Air Parnell, member for Cork City-, and Air Justin APCarthy, Home Pule member for Longford County, moved amendments ou the address in reply to the Queen's speech in the House of Commons. Air Forster, Chief Secretary for Ireland, will introduce a Coercion Bill in regard to Ire land at the sitting to-morrow. Further arrests of ruspected persons and others engaged in unlawful assem blages have been made in Ireland, Another agrarian murder has been committed, the locality being Parsons- town, county Louth, Ireland. Orders have been despatched to India for further reinforcements of troops to be sent to Natal. Numbers ef the Dutch inhabitants of the Orange Biver Free State have taken the field in aid of the rebellious Boers. A Caffre chief — Stuserman — lias also joined j Air Charles Bradlaugli, AI.P. for North ampton, has refused to fight a duel with M." Laisant, of Paris. London, Jan. S. A disastrous steamship collision has taken place at Caperoca (?). Fifty persons were drowned. London, Jan. 7. - The prospectus has been issued of a new public company, entitled the South Aus-, tralian Land Company, witli a "capital of £1,000,000. " Beechworth Police Court.— On Satur day, before Messrs John Turner and Jas. Ingrain; <L P. 's, : the : cases of Comeri-Ali v Juggernaut and Juggernaiit v Comer Ali, fcr assault-, were, on the application of Mr F .' Browh'y f ur fchqr adjourned tiff Wednes day, 12th instij for hearing "before the police magistrate. Another case of assault, in which the plaintiff was a Chinaman, was adjourned till Saturday ; the defendant being in Alelbourne. ' ' .The Beechworth Water Supply. — j Considerable inconvenience, not to men tion annoyance, is caused to the owners of gardens in and around Befecli worth, : by the determination recently arrived at by the Shire Couucil, to carry out the spirit of the Act regulating ihe water- supply to the town, in restricting its use to domestic purposes only, and prosecuting any person found utilising the precious fluid for "irrigation." We do not for a moment dispute the fact that every pre caution should be taken to prevent waste and reckless extravagance when putting it to the last-named use, at this" season of tlie year, especially ; but we contend that it is a hardship that-, with such a source of supply as Beechworth happily possesses — the gauge at the Like registering a depth of some 23b feet — and there being do possible fear of a "water- famine," those ratepayers should, for the want of a judicious application of a few gallons of water, be compelled to allow their flower-beds and vegetable gardens, on which so much care, trouble and ex- oense have hitherto been bestowed, to become, so to speak, so many parched-up wildernesses. We would not have ventured upon makiugtlie above remarks, were it not that we could suggest a remedy for s uch an unfortunate state of things. And it is this : It may not be generally known that a five-inch pipe conducts the water from the filter- beds to the reservoir in the Lunatic Asylum Reserve, whence it is dis charged into two five-inch pipes, by means of which the town receives its supply: and thus it is seen that the influx can provide but for half the quantity necessary for an efficient efflux. IN o w, the remedy for this is simple enough. Let the supply-pipe first referred to be increased to double its present altogether inefficient dimensions ; and there then need be no fear of the supply running short, and all demands will be satisfied. We commend the above to the consideration of the council, and trust they may act upon the sugges tion contained therein without further unnecessary delay. Oxley Mems. — Owing to some mone tary arrangements between the Oxley Shire Council and the Bank of Victoria not haviug been satisfactorily arranged, a deadlock has occurred. There was no money to pay either contractors or officers ou Saturday last. This has been a serious inconvenience to many of the contractors ; some of whom are selectors. Owing to the failure of the crops, the uaymeut for their contracts would have "been a great assistance to tliei'n. The council has given strict orders to the rate-collector to enforce the order? of the Court of Petty Sessions in all eases where rates have not been paid up. Wc would, therefore, advise all defaulters to at ouee pay their rates, and such costs as have been already incurred ; otherwise solicitor's costs will have to be added to warrants of distress, and thus entail a serious tax upon many who can ill afford to meet it. From ail portions of Oxley, Whoroiily, Hurdle Creek, and Al'oyhu. reports of the smailness ef the yield have been received. There are exceptions to this rule ; but they are, we regret to say, very rare. Giving to the poorness of the prospects, the tanners could not afford to employ much labor at the rates demanded. The strippers were in more general use this season than last. During the week ending Saturday, the 8th, great heat has been experienced. Bust storms have also been constant. On Friday a great dust storm blew over the plains. In the distance, skirting the mountain ranges, the light ning flashed and the thunder rolled con tinuously for some three hours. The cummotien of the element brought only a few specks of rain, lint sensibly cooled the. atmosphere. On Sunday morning the gentle rain commenced to fall about 5a.m., and lias continued until now 2 p. n:. This will interfere a little with the strtppers where the crops have not yet been ingathered. FIRE. — On Saturday morning the foundry of Messrs Straughair and Duncan, at Newtown, Beechworth, had a narrow escape from destruction by fire. Between eight and nine o'clock one of the employes discovered that a. spark from the engine at work had ignited the shingled roof of the fitting-shop. A hose was obtained and in a few minutes the fire was quenched ; the damage done being, fortunately, but trifling. Too much care and precaution cannot lie exercised where fire has occasion to be used at this season of the year, when wood, and grass, is dry and highly niilauinnible. DROWNED. — We regret to have to re- cord the occurrence of a sad accident, by which a son of Air Alorton, of the well, known railway-contracting firm of Aiessrs Fishburn and Alorton, who were both well and favorably known in this part of die district — having constructed the line from Evectou to Beechworth — and are now engaged in the construction of a branch line fromJunue to Narandera. New 8011th Wales, met with an untimely death. It appears that A aster Aiatthow ALortun and a younger brother, .John, after being engaged in fishing in Houiahan's Creek, near J unco, where their parents at present reside, divested themselves of their clothing auu went into the creek 10 bathe. John, who could not swim, got biyond his depth, and his brother seeing that lie was in imminent danger of bciug drowned, gallantly jumped in to save him"; but lost liis life, after rescuing the link- fellow from his perilous position. Pebestrianism. — Our Albiu-y corres pondent writes : — Last Tuesday we had a great pole-jumping match between a stranger named Larcombe and our local jumper, Jack Cochrane, in which tiie stranger won after a great trial, cleariuir 9 feet 11 inches. On Saturday last a match for £20 a side was run in the straight walk of the Botanical Gardens between our champion pod, Brooks, and another " dark horse" named. Buvlctt, of Wagga Wagga, who won the Alaiden Plate at the Oddfellows' sports. The netting tit the start was 2 to 1 ou Biulott : the distance being 200 yards. Buiiott won in 22 seconds ; coining ill with his arms folded. Beechworth and North-Eastern Agri cultural and Horticultural Associa tion. — A meeting of the committee of management of this association, to deal with the applications for the office of secretary, will ' be held to-morrow (Wed nesday) afternoon, at half-past three o'clock. A numerous attendance on the occasion is desired. Literary.— Air John Fletcher, of Ford- street, Beechworth, in our business columns announces that he has in stock a number of new serial volumes for 1SS0 and books adapted to the season. He has also for sale copies of Sir Ohas. Gavan Duffy's historical work, " Young Ire land.". v- ; v <5 ' The Carlyle Public Cemetery. — A public meeting is convened to be held in the Town Hall, Rutherglen, on Saturday evening, loth inst. , to take into considera tion the management: of fhe Carlyle Cemetery, . Licensing AIagisteates, — A meeting of justices of: the .peace,1 ' to - appoint two honorary licensing ..magistrates for ytlie en- suing year, for the.'Beechwdixh. district, will be held in the Court-house, Beech worth, at eleven o'clock this (Tuesday) morning. i Magisterial Enquiry. — An enquiry was held before Air W. H. Foster, P.M.,, on Saturday last, into the cause of the death of a man supposed to be known as Bullocky George, late at work at Jones's farm, Black Dog Creek, near Wahgunyah. James Percy, Senior-constable stationed at Wahgunyah, stated : About 9 a.m. on the 2nd inst. a man named Williams reported to me that about an hour before lie aud George were bathing in the Murray River, near Mar toll's wine shop, about 8 or 9 miles from Wahgunyah, on the Victorian, baiik ; Williams said that the man George was in deep water, and called out, " I am drowning," and at once disappeared, and was not seen again. The unfortunate man, writes our correspon dent, is unknown in this district, but is reported to be lately from the Temora goldfield. After the finding of the body by the Queensland blacktrackers, it was removed to Wahgunyah and taken to the Victoria Hotel. The Queensland trackers, with Senior-constable Percy and Mounted- constable Kirkham, searched the River Alurray for two days, and on Friday, 7th inst., succeeded in recovering the body, after the trackers had been continuously diving for five hours, in about 22 feet cf water. They showed great determination to recover the body, and exhibited much power and grace in swimming. In fact, if we can judge by the two Queenslanders, the tribe to which they belong must be a superior race to the aboriginals of this part. Renewals of Grazing Permits foi 1SS1. — Aiicliael Carley, 5a lr 37p, Alyrtle ford ; Johann W. ICling, 50a, Wodonga John Mitchell, STa.lr ISp, Lilliput ; W. C. McFarlane, 172a, Bel voir West ; Arthur Quinu, 14a 3r 15p, Chikern West ; George Read, 40a 2r 22p, Myrtleford ; James Risk, 22a Or 13p, Porepunkah ; Laurence Shea, C9a Or 15p, Everton ; Albert Sclilink, 279a 3i' 34p, W odonga ; Christian Upton, 102a, Lilliput ; James Star, 21Sa Or 7p, Bungil ; Philip Orchard, Ga or 13p, Bright ; George Hodge, 38a 3r 2Sp, Everton. Licenses Renewed. — The following renewals of licenses under section 47 of the Land Act have, among others, been approved : — Charles Reece P. Jephcott, la 2r Op, Corrjong ; Elizabeth V. M. McQueen. 3a, Terlite Munjie ; Thomas Pvltij 3a; Cobungra ; TV 111. ,G. Coechiu7 13,0G0a, Fifteen Mile Creek ; Henry Campbell, .100,000a, Bogong High Plain ; Cornelius Pendergast, 20,000a, Tom Groggin ; Elizabeth Coloe, 40,000a, Pheasant Park ; Alurdcch Mackintosh, 180,000a, Beechor's Hill : Hugh O' ileiily, 28,000a. grazing block No. 75, Ornco ; Joseph EUiott, 34,000a, grazing block No. 302, Ouieo ; John Nolan, 15,000a, lot 27, J angle Creek ; F. E. Braithwaile and J. A. Hemphill, 30,500a, lot 3, Mount Wills : W. Radeiitie, 23,O00a, grazing block No. 195, Bright ; Harry Walkear, 15,000a, grazing block No. 147, Bright; Annie Middlutuuaud Vv. Burden, 33,090a, lot 0, Dungiass : Alexander Crostliwaite, 18,000a, grazing block No. 347, Bright ; George A. Gordon, 40a, Banvidgee ; Ralph Shaw, 275a, grazing block No. 210, Rutherglen ; II carry Nutt, 145a, Noiong ; William H. Warren, 203a, Lilliput ; J. Lindsay Drown, 1000a, timber reserve in the parish of Goora- mtiddaj Jame3 Doolaii, 34a, Gooramadda ; Henry Bayliss, 330a, grazing block No. 317, Rutherglen ; Henry Bayliss, 180a, grazin g block No 31 S, Rutherglen : John Comia, G5a, Go»ramadda : George Stephens, 1.000a, grazing block No. 49, Yaekandavidah ; JohnA. Wallace, 70,000a, Lurgan Green ; James Woodsicle, 5000a, grazing block No. 340, Yaekandnndiih ; Charles It. P. Jephcott, 23a, Tintaldra ; Phillip J. Jephcott, Ga, Tiiitaldra : W. B. Mitchell, Ga lr, Bruaroug ; John Scales, 5300a, lot 12, Snowy Mitta ; P«tev Devlin, 4a lr, BrnarOng ; Svdncy G. Watson, I'.i.oOOa, Triangle ; James .Tellers, 20, 000a, Jot 13, Wombyne : Al'ichael O'Duimoil, 133a, AIiuTamurraiig- bong and Kergunyah North ; Nicholas Lafouiaiue, 4500a, Alitta Mitta B ; William Myem, Ga, grazing block No. 10G, Beecliwortn : Feiix O'Connor, 135a, giazir.g block No. 333, Beechworth ; David Pat ton, 5a, Dart of allot. 1, section 9, Murmnngoe ; James Foeiy, 12,070a, grazing block No. 22G, Beec'uvortli ; James Feely, 220a, grazing block No. 228, Beechworth ; John Alason, 4S0a, grazing block No. 224, Waugarutta ; John Mason, 1070a, grazing block No. 225, Wangarutta ; W. Naughion, 50, 000a, grazing block No. 320, Wan gara.tr a ; the Oriental Bank Corporation, 33,000a, lot 25, Abbey Yard : ihe Oriental Bank Corporation, 30,000a, grazing block No. 110, Wangaratta ; John Mason, 2730a, grazing block i-a. 221, Wangaratta : John Alason, 350a, grazing block No. 395, Wangaratta. ; John Mason, 0870a, grazing block No. 223, Wangaratta ; George Crowe, 30,500a, block 350, T.-ilgarno ; George Kelper Jephcott, 22a, Tintaldra ; John Martin, 400a, Belvoir West, and B.vrnawartlia South : Tiicuias Cahill, 1070a, grazing block No. 107, Wodonga : Neville P. Newman, 78a, Bonegilla ; Henry J. Frey. 14a, Tintaldra ; Richard GnldsbrougTi and Co., Gl.oOOa, grazing block No. 348, Wodonga ; Thomas Robinson, 10, 000a, lot II, Rathful ; lames Woncside, 33,000a, lot 4, Hnppy Vailoy ; Robert V.'aul, 80a, Dockland ; Thomas Atkinson, 1150a, grassing block No. 227, Beech worth ; Wiiliam Hyeni, 5900a, lot 35, Wo tonga or Wboragee ; Michael O'Donncll, 30,500a, lot= 3, Merriang ; James Sinclair, 17a, Alur- irtungee : Richard Thomson, 44a, Mur- inungee ; Peter Ferguson and Robcu-t Stewart, 24a, Chilt-.-rn ; Daniel King, 7n, Lilliput : James Scott, 130a, Carlyle. The We ath em at Mymtleford. — Our Myrtleford correspondent 0:1 Alonday v. ritef : — A pleasant change in the weather occurred here on . Sunday, aiul refreshing showers fell prcitty constantly. The parched earth, absorbed the much needed moisture greedily. Tc-day is very elose, but the weather-wise anticipate a further downfall of the refreshing element. The grass is looking parched and brown ; and as there is abundance of dry grass ancV fallen trees, should a bush-fire occur, great damage would ensue. Graziers and those dependant upoii them are hopeful that the indications of rain may be fulfilled. . ' Australian Heroes. — A correspondent writing in the " Wahgunyah and Ruther glen- News" .throws out the following excellent, suggestion': — Visitors to the Exhibition flock to see, and grow enthu siastic over, the Victoria, Cross pictures. The fact of their being commemorative of bravery renders them popular at once. The question occurs why should not we, too, have such a collection? True, we have not indulged in the terrible luxury of war, and so tested the nerves of our fire-eaters ; but there are others whose courage aud self-sacrifice has rendered their . liainq aucl fame just as worthy of perpetuation in the way' we mention, as any soldier who ever sported the Queen's facings. I allude, of course, to our ex plorers, the men who have braved death time after time, in its worst form. Could not we point with pride and patriotism to a gallery containing portraits of those men who fought - one continual battle with the terrors of an-Australiau desert, and would it, not be a fitting way of recognising their services, .and. paying, in part, the debt which aU 'Aiistitalia owes. License' Cancelled.— Margaret Clam- pett, 8000a, grazing block No. 101, Beech worth. , A 7 \ The Exhibition 7 Excursions.— The Minister of Railways promised that after the Christmas 'and New .Year holidays were over, he would run trains frofn the up- country districts to. Melbourne, to en able State-school children, teachers' .and their relatives to visit the Exhibition. The time -lias now arrived to put; tlie scheme into operation. The arrangemenis made by the department is in substance to the following effect t-The different main truck lines aud their branches will be taken in succession, and a week devoted to each, in the order to economise the rolling stock, and give the largest amount of accommodation possible. By this arrangement the rolling-stock can be concentrated where it will be most ur gently required. The arrangement will be commenced on tlie 19th and 20tli inst. on the Gippsland line. In the following week the Ballarat line and its extensions and branches will be thrown open to ex cursionists ; and in the following week the mam Alurray line, Castlemaine, Sandhurst and Echuca, with the Alaryborough bran dies, will be made available for Exhibition travellers. The North-Eastern line will follow, so that the plan will occupy four weeks before it will be completed. On the last occasion when school children were conveyed by rail to enable them to see the Juvenile Exhibition, they liad to return on the same day. That precluded anything like pleasure, the day being one of hard labor. In many cases the strain was so severe that the children were made ill. Seven days will be allowed on this„occasion for the excursionists to come to Alelbourne and return. The charge will be half second-class excursion fares for children and adults, and no extra charges will be made. — "Age." It will be seen on reference to our telegraphic columns that the Alinister of Railways has pro mised to next month run excursion trains at half the usual fare' ; allowing thirty days for return. License Approved. — Robert Chester and Albert Alurrel, 3a, Numbiemnngie. The Chiltekn State-school. — AYe learn that Air R. H. Carlington has been appointed, for three months, head-teacher of the Oliiltern State- school, No 327, vine Mr T. S. Alarsliall, transferred, who will hand over the school to his successor on the 12th inst. ; leaving the district on the following Friday. Tiie Inter-University AIatch. — The cricket match between representatives of the 83-d 11 ey and Alelbourne University Clubs was resinned 011 tlie Alelbourne cricket ground on Saturday. The bowl ing of the Victorians was wretchedly poor ; the visiting team, who occupied the wickets during the whole of the day, managing to put. tog.jthor 110 fewer than 423 iu their first iunings. The Aric- torians in their first innings on Friday made 147 ; and having to secure 2713 to save a one-inning's defeat, they commenced their second innings on Alonday. 