HACARTHUR. 1 (mow nun own correspondent.) a That be recant sheep dog match should 1 command toe attention ana attendance of such a nnm'eer of persons from far and near, as it did, was, a matter for surprise to the uninitiated in sheep dog matches. From , early mora the township was astir with in- tending competitors, and by 10. a.m., ma fairly alive with bngjies, liorae and footmen of all sizes, make and shapes. The trysting place was in one of Me. Herat's paddocks, some three miles distant, kindly lent for the - occasion, which at the "convincing" hour presented the appearance of a " young'' race- ; meeting. The judges.: Messrs. John Taylor, Donald M'Kellar,snd John little, with Mr. Donald Morrisortr sis starter, becoming ensconsed under a iightwood tree, the pro- 1 ceedinge began by Mr. W. M'Trarhlan taking ont his far-famed doe Bod, which after a dis -play of whist was " deemed : excellent work, points, and yarding the sheep, was taken at loug odds to be the -winner. Mr. Geo. Frazer's Don, next came to the fore, and as much was expected -of him, (owing to ha owner's repntation as a dog trainer;) not modi ; surprise was expressed that be should iollov closely upon the heels of Bod in all respects ; sndinpnfliogoffsecondplaceandmoney ; 'twas toe least that ramld be expected of him. Mr. J. Jenkins' Sweep, however, polled bo clohe up, and gave so little to complain of, that in the great crowd a difference of opinion existed as to which of -the two latter dogs would be awarded second place. Mr. Frazer's, however, the judges considered, stood a point or two in advance, and they - awarded second place to Don. Several of the younger branches of the canine family were unable to find the sheep at all, conse- ; queutly -became dead letters in the match ; : the reason of this being toe starting point .( (owing to toe feras and trees) was too far i away from the yards, which, however, would not have been the case bad the country been clear. The Consolation Stakes. were pro ductive of six dogs, excellent work, and created some amusement besides. The dis- £ faww. being reduced, each dog found the ' sheep, and so stood, and was judged npon til merits. Tbe prize was pulled off by a slot, toe property of Mr. W. D. Rnndell, whidi displayed .work equal to any done in the match, eventually yarding -the -steep. A great shout was given, while Murphy- tC! dog's trainer — said he conld. "honld" no longer, broke through the crush, and ran fall " tilt " down to the yards, caught, and hugged Nell with many tokens of affection. Mr. Peter Walker's Jessie followed, but un fortunately yarded the sheep withont shov ing sufficient points to become worthy ol : second place. Mr. P. Fox's Toby followed, f and as he .took toe precaution of taking his i time ' before " running them in," became possessor of prize No. 2 of Consolation Stakes, i 1881 ; Mr. Walker's third. Some good work : -was also shown by Bluchcr and his master, ; toe fo rmer with the sheep, and the latter in ' o attempt to annihilate an opponent's dog. which accidentally broke loose, and bad come to Blccher's assistance. With a riding- whip elevated somewhat over 45 of a angle, he bestrode some three yards at a . time, uttering something in French— English prohibited - which I do not prodnce. Tk: 9 owner of tbe fractions animal was mulct in - the sum of " ten bob " straight. He also : uttered something in a foreign tongue. 1 be judges gave general satisfaction. How could j it be otherwise with such men of integrity At the settling up all things, present sad 1 past, were deemed highly satisfactory, aud t resulted in an arrangement bring madeta bold snch a match annually, in April of each year. To-day has been a regular brickfielder. considered the hottest we have had this year. . and increased through the- presence of the bush-fires. Towards Yambuk it is going it a fnrioos pace, and as the country betveeu , Squattlesmere and Yainbnk is well spotted . with selectors' homesteads, we expect to hear '. of further devastations. 