On the Tweed PART II BY THE RAVEN. THE industries prevailing on the Tweed, as I have shown, are almost all- connected with the cultivation of the soil. Cedar and timber getting is still a main source of revenue to that enter- prising class of men, the timber-getters; but as yet there is no sawmill on the river to utilise the results of their labours, and sawyers are so few that build- ings and general improvements are much retarded. Up to the present, only one black smith has settled here, and other trades are but poorly represented. There are several stores, well furnished to meet all requirements, and to bring a few hitherto unknown luxuries on to the tables of the inhabitants. There are also three hotels — one at Murwillumbah and two at the Junction, the former being kept, along with a store, by Mrs. Dougherty, who, I understand, has the distinction of being one of, if not the oldest resident — not the oldest person — of the Tweed. Several punts, which are much required, are now in course of construction. Grazing in the district is little followed, but one, singularity of its natural features, which I had pointed out to me, would seem to indicate that before long not a few herds will add to the wealth of the inhabitants. I refer to the following:— Upon looking over the valley of the Tweed from one of the many elevations, one is struck with the strange appearance of bare plains ; I mean stretches devoid of timber, hemmed in by the timber of the river banks and the skirt of the ranges. These plains are covered with a coarse, rank, reedy grass, and, in my opinion, have only to be grazed to soon become luxuriant pastures. The district is also known to be richly stored with mineral treasures, which may be expected to amply repay investigation, while the country still retains the renown obtained for it by the richness of its fauna as well as its flora. It may read strange, in a country reported so precarious as to rainfall in general as Australia, to assert that such a thing as a drought has never yet been heard of in the Tweed district, yet such is the case; cradled amidst the boundary ranges of the extreme north of the colony, subject to the consequent precipitation of moisture, induced by the contending currents from the sea and from landward, it is seldom that a week passes without some fall of rain. Under such circumstances it is no wonder that vegetation thrives with a luxuriance truly wonderful, and which, is so characteristic of the rich scrub and brush, lands. I may mention, too, that not only are droughts unknown here, but never has a hot wind been felt, nor the southerly buster of other parts of the colony ever penetrated the hilly region drained by these northern rivers. Winter on the Tweed, which is generally com- paratively dry and quiet, begins with May, July being the roughest and coldest month. During the summer there is almost always a fine air stir- ring, with high winds occasionally, but not often, the greatest heat being felt in November and De- cember, after which the temperature most generally decreases ; August may be reckoned as a spring month. From January to April, sometimes May and June, rains are of a tropical or monsoon cha- racter, and during this season, it is, I understand, that the great growth of vegetation is so notice- able, much more so, in fact, than during the spring months. The range of temperature in a general way appears to be, in winter from 3 deg of frost, sometimes more, to from 60 deg to 70 deg Fahr., from 60 deg to 65 deg being usual. Summer temperature may be reckoned at from 80 deg to 88 deg in the shade, 105 deg being the greatest, seldom however reaching 95 deg. The healthiness of the climate is testified to by the appearance of the people, the women and children even more than the men. The Tweedites are blessed with one little court house, where justice sits enthroned ; also a lock- up, where some of themselves occasionally sit enthroned; the peace of the river and district is kept by two policemen, who have their work set. No church or chapel, however, of any denomina- tion has yet appeared on the scene, as an evidence of civilisation, but the district is occasionally visited by ministers of different persuasions. Of public institutions, the only one in existence is the Junction Hall, a modest edifice of sawn timber, erected by the voluntary contributions of the inhabitants, as a place for public meeting and religious service, when required. The schools of the district are quite inadequate to its wants, and no better specimen of Sydney rule (so say the Tweedites) could be instanced than the recent erection of the public school at Tumbulgum (Tweed River), where a neat building has been completed at a cost, I believe, of some £400, the schoolroom of which is so small that even the children at present attending it are so crowded that it is not only unwholesome, but the ordinary routine of school discipline, cannot be properly observed. The school at Murwillumbah, six or seven miles higher up the river, was unfortunately destroyed by a bushfire - shortly after com- pletion, and is now held in a private house most inconveniently placed. At Tweed Heads is a small school erected by the contribu- tions of the residents ; and at Cudgen, halfway between Tumblegum and the Heads, the people generally have subscribed and built, at their own cost, a place for a school, for which they humbly hope (in their own words) their rulers in Sydney will be graciously pleased to provide them with a teacher, but at present there is no sign, although the building has been finished several months and has much better accommodation than the more expensive one at Tumbulgum. The only bank on the river is a branch of the Com- mercial, at Murwillumbah. There are three post-offices, viz., at Murwillumbah, Tumblegum, and the Heads, with a telegraph at the first and one shortly to be opened at the last-named ; and now I have some more growling to record, and justifiable growling too, I think. It seems this line, the last chain of telegraphic communi- cation along the New South Wales coast, had to be continued from Murwillumbah to the pilot station at the Heads, between which the distance may be some 27 miles. Judge of the astonishment of the residents when they found that it took a route absolutely avoiding every inhabited spot, and was carried through the most rugged country that can be found in this most rugged district, while all the time they had been asking and urging the construction of the line by the bank of the river to the junction of the north and south arms, where much traffic and industry centre, and thence by an easy road to the Heads, the whole of which carried out, station and all, would have cost less than half the amount. The residents are most indignant at this maladministration. As it is always best to get a disagreeable duty out of the way as quickly as possibly I will string up my nerves, and come to the last subject for "growl" by the people of the Tweed, who, you will ob- serve, are not an exception to the generality of Britishers in this respect, and this is at their neglect by the central powers in the matter of roads of which they really and truly have none. On this matter I can speak feelingly, as after having been in the saddle for thirteen 60 minute hours from Lismore and arriving actually on the banks of the Tweed, it took me two full hours endeavouring to find the road to Murwillumbah, and to keep on it when I got it, cattle, or perhaps more properly speaking timber tracks, which led to nowhere, being much more plainly definable, which I found several times to my cost. I don't often make use of strong language, but you know there are times when even a saint must give vent to his feelings besides this, my horse was knocked up. They say that some of the tracks are now being partially improved and made some what less dangerous, although I failed to perceive the hand of man in any of them. Almost all traffic and intercourse between neighbours takes place by boat, for which the fine and picturesque streams of the district afford every facility; the generosity of nature makes up for the stinginess of mankind. There is no doubt that considerable sums of money have been spent on the roads of the district, but these would have been spent to much more advantage if administered by men knowing the requirements and the cheapest and most effectual method of completing them. How strange it would sound in England, that a road, well formed, a mile in length, cut and completed two years ago, cannot now even be reached, except stumbled across by a traveller "chancing it " through the bush, while from the other end there is no outlet whatever ; of course now, after two years of non-use, much extra expense will be required to put it in order. A general feeling seems to pervade the minds of the people that tramways threading the sylvan solitudes of this northern district will before long be seen winding their tortuous course (and in some places there's no doubt it will be a tortuous course) through the many by ways of the bush, past the haunt of the lyrebird and the home of the kangaroo. I had almost said wangdoodle, but they, I hear, do not come so far south as the Tweed. I sincerely trust these anticipations will be realised. This line, it is expected, would join the proposed New England and coast railway at or near Point Byron, which, as I have previously pointed out, offers grand natural advantages for the construction of a harbour. In common with most, if not all these northern coast rivers, the Tweed has a bar. This bar is a perplexity; vessels get wrecked there in fair weather but seldom or never in foul. Captain Ives, of the Terranora, tells me that he has been " bar bound" for as long as 14 days, that is, he has not been able to get out of the river. This state of things must of course greatly retard progress, especially in a district altogether with out roads available for vehicles of any description. As serious an impediment, however, as the bar are the sandbanks, which extend from the mouth up nearly as far as Cudgen, after which the river becomes comparatively deep, being navigable from this point about 30 miles higher for small steamers. The port is admirably indicated by a light on Fingal Point, about half way along the barrier which separates the river from the sea, a distance of six or seven miles; this light, being visible outside Point Danger, which forms the north head to the Tweed, sufficiently points the course for vessels to steer to avoid the reefs from which Point Danger takes its name. In close proximity to Fingal Point is Cook's Island, a small precipi- tous and rocky island, the home of sea birds and breeding place for pelicans, which resort there by hundreds for that purpose. A few steps from the waters of the Tweed, across Point Danger, and one is in Queensland. The old road from Lismore to the Tweed, which used to take a more westerly course than the present, and came out at the north arm, whereas the other comes out at the fording place on the south arm, was abandoned in favour of the pre- sent one on account of being 40 miles longer. Whilst at Lismore I took a ride out along this road, as far as Mr. Ernest Carter's estate at Goolmagar, some 12 miles distant. The road, which is lined by prosperous- looking farms, passing through a fine agricultural country, is crossed by several creeks, at one of which, Tirrania Creek, a branch of Leicester Creek, the Government are erecting a bridge, which is to cost £1000. This bridge was much needed, because several lives have been lost there during times of flood. At Tirrania Creek, then, a bridge is being erected; at Goolmagar Creek, a few miles further, a bridge is wanted, and quite as much, its banks being so steep that it is no easy matter to ride a horse across it, not to speak of driving a buggy over. Mr. Carter, whose estate comprises some 3000 acres, the majority of which is let off on clearing leases, has, in order to test the suitability of the district for wheat growing, planted 13 different varieties of that cereal, which seems to thrive almost to perfection, only one of the 13 varieties being affected by rust, and that but slightly. He has also got five acres of cane planted, is preparing to plant 40 acres more, and as soon as 100 acres can be raised in the neighbourhood, he intends to put up a mill. I ought not to omit the fact of there being many hundred thousand feet of pine of splendid quality about this place. I don't know anything about pine myself, but Mr. Carter, who had a large saw- mill at Wardell, on the Richmond, tells me it is a splendid quality, and he ought to know. I said just now that he had a saw-mill. Yes, he had a sawmill, but he has not one now ; it was burnt down since I was there. Most of the land in the neighbourhood of Gool- magar is already taken up, but there is still a large quantity of very valuable and well watered land to be got farther up the road, that is, towards the Tweed. 