) News and Notes. ' ' American Waltham Watches ) were awarded the Only Two First 1 Prizes at the Melbourne International ' Exhibition, 1880-1, being higher ) awards than; any other Exhibitor of . Watches received. ; ' ine oest meat Fie m tne Uity, 2d.; ) Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled , Milk, 2d, 124 and 126 Bourke street, " opposite Waxworks, ) We feel it;our duty to -call attention to the. New Davis; Vertical Feed Dewing Macnine, wuico o&s; carried I ' off the only first prize at the Mel bourne International Exhibition. 1 , Some of the competitors, however, |. were not satisfied' with the awards, and protested. The Experts, how- 1 ever, upheld the decision and/ gave the first prize for their Family Ma- chine and the same for Hand. Messrs W. F. Dixon and Co,, of 87 Elizabeth street, are the sole agents, and , in tending purchasers and those interest ed would do well to call and inspect these'singularly-auccessful machines. We have received from Mr P. G. ; Dixon samples of sodawater made from water specially brought from , Mount Macedon. The Bodawater is excellent, and is of course free from that nauseating taste so clearly die- ? cernable insodawater or other cordials made from the filthy Yan Yean. We ' have also received from Mr Dixon a sample of the Mount Macedon water, which it is quite a treat to drink, after ' having, for some time to put up with the beastly stuff supplied by the Public Works Department. Gem Portraits.— The young lady who, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire, has since been identified through a gem portrait being found amongst the remnants. Mr . Edelaten, the pro prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- street east, opposite Aye Office, has since recognised the portrait as one that was taken at his Btndio about a month ago. we nave received a sample or a new non-alCohic- beverage, entitled. "Vigorene," from Mr E. Rowlands, cordial Manufacturer. It is a pleasant sparkling drink, and is highly re commended by Mr Johnson, Govern ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph Flude, superintendent of laboratories, as being a pure, wholesome beverage. It should prove a very desideratum to - the teetotal community especially. The attention of our lady readers is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kilting and quilting in all kinds of materials is done by the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting machines, which are on saie at the same depot. Matrimony. — Never were such great advantages held out to young people to marry as the present. A comfortable house may be furnished for you, with-evory requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon Mr Henry,. JIarks, of 186 Elizabeth street, wholwill ;arrangei. with you to pay him say five'shillings per weik out of your earnings, and he will give ..y.ou in return whatever furniture Vou require to build up a home . why delay ? Go and see Mr H. Marks and ; :get married at once. : A Fortune for Ten Shillings.— We would direct the attention of bur readers, to the valuable prizes offered , by the Sandhurst Masonic Art Union, the drawing for which is positively fixed for the 31st inst, The published list of gentlemen who have kindly .consented to superintend the jfrfewing is a sufficient guarantee to the public that everything will be carried out on the great Masonic Principle — "on the square." To those who believe in the .old .proverb— -N 0 thin g venture no- -thing have— should lose no time in : securing their tickets, which may be had at the office, next Royal Mail Hotel, Bourke-street east, Mr Burbank, Dentist, 99 SwanBton- ' street, has received by the American MaiU some useful and superior de signs for the manufacture of Artificial Teeth. Patients need no extractions, andcan wear Artificial Teeth without ...(he inconvenience of fastenings, We have received a copy of a new pamphlet called " Pagliano, Medicine for Fathers of Families, er everyone his own and Children's Doctor." It emanates from Florence, Italy, where Professor Girolamo Pagliano has written the book to relieve the hnman race, and instruct the p.eople in prac tical medicine, With bis Pagliano Herbal Syrup he treats the Blood, and so dims at' the root of disease. A number of.testimonials'are given from sufferers who have benefitted by this remedy; This truly marvellous medi cine can be had from Mr Evats,, Ohemist; Evans' Medical Hall, 92 Stephen-street. Mr Evans has im ported the medicine direct from Pro cessor Girolamo Pagliano's establish ment, Florence. The books of in struction are published in English, at the express wish of. Mr D. Evans, the only ones imperted here in that lan guage — Price with pamphlet 5s. or stamps by letter, address D. Evans, Evans' Medical Hall, Stephen-street. Mr Evans" has received an Irivoic'e /of No 1 Tridsmar (by royal lectors paitent of England). This celebrated" Medi- 1 cine is in the form of a Lozenge, and as a sovereign Remedy for all Ner- 1 veus Disorders has proved a great 1 success., 1 