COUNTRY LETTERS (From our own correspondents.) ALBANY. Feb. 15. The weather here has been very changeable of late-one day hot and the next day cold. We have had no rain, as in past seasons. I have no particu- lar news to give you from here of any importance. Cricket seems to have died a natural death. One would have thought about two months ago, that we should have seen plenty of it, judging from the preparations made. A large tent, which must have cost a considerable sum of money, was erected on the ground, and there it has stood ever since without being used more than twice. The young men here are sadly idle and lacking unanimity of spirit. Towards the close of last year the Volunteer movement was on the wane, but recently there has been a revival consequent on the issue of breech loading rifles. The Staff Officer (Captain Phillips) was here and inspected the company on the 3rd. inst when there was a good muster. He expressed him- self satisfied with their performances. On the 5th inst. they again paraded and proceeded to the Rifle Range for ball practice. There are a few amongst them who will make good marksmen. Captain Finley has stated his determination to strictly enforce the rules against those absent without permission for the future, and the result will be that some will be cleared cut and better men will take their place. There is a squad of recruits now drilling twice a week, and I hear that others are in- tending to join. We have had quite a number of weddings re- cently, and others are to follow; in fact there is quite a mania for marriage just at present. But this is only in keeping with every thing else with the Albanians. We do everything by fits and starts. I hear that the native who is supposed to have murdered John Dunn down the coast has been ar- rested by the Esperance Bay constable. It is to be hoped that this is true. Strangers who come here all speak of the great improvement in our town, and assure us that for substantial prosperous appearance there is not another in the colony that can come up to it. Mr. McKail's new store greatly embellishes the terrace, and when the handsome new premises for the National Bank are erected beside it, the block of buildings fronting the sea will really be worth looking at. Another fine new store is being put up in York street. How all these houses of busi- ness contrive to do so well it is difficult to under- stand. It tells well at any rate for the prosperity of the settlers in the district which backs the town. Several Chinese labourers have been introduced here lately and have given great satisfaction. However much one would wish to see an increase of white population, and however convinced one may be that for the furthering of permanent settlement Chinese immigration is not of the right kind, still there can be no doubt that, to meet the present want Of labour. Chinamen are most welcome. As servants they are far more to be depended upon than most of the European hands now to be got, for they are not branded with that curse of drunkenness which is so almost universal amongst the lower orders of our European popu- lation. Why do not the 'unemployed,* about whom your contemporaries are always writing, wend their way into the bush, instead of remain- ing in the towns and crying famine ? One cannot but suspect that they are men who. neither can nor will work, and I certainly cannot admire this journalistic sympathy with public-house loafers. VICTORIA PLAINS, Feb. 17th. The fervid rays of a burning sun, and the dense smoke arising from bushfires, combine to make the weather here anything but pleasant, at the present time. The country is getting very hard up for water ; the pools are drying and wells failing on all sides. I have seen some of the forms to be filled in at the forthcoming census. Some of the questions seem rather frivolous,-those relating- to poultry, for instance; while some of the others will be very hard for some people to answer with any degree of exactitude, for there are plenty of persons who keep no account of the number of sheep, pigs, etc. which they have consumed in the course of a year. I am surprised that dogs and cats are excluded from the list,-dogs, in particular, as they bring in a considerable addition to the revenue. Our knights of the willow have come to the fore again. A match was played at Berkshire Valley on the 12th inst. between eleven of the V. P. C. C. and eleven of Dandaragan, resulting in a victory for the former by one- innings, and 12. runs. During the day a capital luncheon was provided by Mrs. Jas. Clinch, -to which ample justice was done by the. 'cricketers. ' I send you the score which speaks for itself. Fieforia Plains CO.-First innings-J. Longman, b. Saunders, 45 ; G. Clark, b. do., 9 ; S. Sheridan, b. do., 2.;. G. Macpherson, h.w., 14; F. Clinch, b. Saunders, 1 ¡P. -Dix, 6. do., 0 ; Antony, b. do., 6 ; Tuppenny, c. Ashton b. Cook, l8 ; A. Clinch, b. Saunders,- 0; Jas'. Clinch, not out, 13; W. Clark, c. .D l;wides,_l. Total-116. Dandaragan: First in. nings-J. Saunders, b.. Sheridan,.0 ; Whitting, c. F, Clinch b. Longman, 1 ; J. Fraser, '. b. do., 0 ; J. Macavee, b. - dov 1 ; A. .Doust, c. F. Clinch b. Sheridan,^ ; Jas. Burnett,'b. do., 4 ; W. Ashton, b. do, 2 ; Jno. 'Cook, not out, 1 ; Jos. Cook, c. Sheridan b. Longman, 1 ; W. Burnett, b. Longman. 0; Hughes, c. and b. Sheridan, 1; byes, 6; leg byes, '2. Total-51. Second innings-J. Saunders, b. Sheridan, 4 ; Whitting, b. Sheridan, 2 ; J. Fras- er, b. Clinch,- 0 ; J. Macavee, b. Clinch, 7 ; A. Doust, c. J. Clinch b. A. Clinch, 35 ; J. Burnett, b. Sheridan, 0 ; W. Ashton, b. Clinch, 0 ; Jno. Cook, b. Sheridan, 2 ; Jos. Cook, b. Sheridan, 0 ; W. Burnett, not out, 0; Hughes, b. Clinch, 0; byes, 3. Total-53. ? BRIDGETOWN, Feb. 17. Onr local races took place on Wednesday last, and a good day's sport was provided, a very neat little programme of events having been arranged by the promoters. For- the Maiden Plate six horses started, the first heat being won by Mr. A. W. Moulton's gelding Dart, the second and third heats falling to Mr. T. W. Spencer's mare Christmas ; Dart second. For the Bridge- town Stakes, two miles, one event, only three competitors came to the post. The race proved a gift to Mr. Moulton's Black Jack, Mr. G. Mor- gan's Dundee being second, and Mr. T. W. Spen- cer's Archer third. The Galloway Stakes brought out a field of three-Mr. A. W. Moulton's b.m. Win-if-I-can, Mr. H. Doast's b.m. Twopenny, and Mr. A. W. Moulton's b.h. Push'em. The first named mare, which was very well ridden by Mr. 6. Allnutt, secured the premier position, with Push'em second. The Settlers Stakes, two miles, one event, also fell to Mr. Moul- ton's stable, Black Jack (ridden by Mat Moul- ton) coming in first, Mr. John Blechynden's Harkaway being second, and Mr. H. Doust's Victor-bo called, I suppose on the lucus a non lucendo principle-third. The next event on the programme was the, contest for the Ladies' Purse, a one mile race with heats, which fell to Mr. Doust's Twopenny, a very easy win : Mr. J. Blechynden's Jack being second, and Mr. B. Blechynden's Spider third. The Hack Race, for which four started,|was won by Mr. Moulton's Nonesuch, and the Hurry Scurry by Mr. McAlender's Telegram. The whole of the proceedings passed off very plea- santly. There were no disturbances to mar the day's enjoyment. Neither on the journey out to the course, or the return one, was there so far as I could learn, any casualty to deplore. In the evening a race ball was held at the Me- chanic's Institute, where dancing was kept up with much spirit and animation until a late-or, more properly speaking, an early-hour. 