Australian Snakes. Bt Tteonb White. No. I. There is something very suggestive about the word snakes. Although most Australians know something of the many species which swarm throughout the colonies, yet, so typical are these voiceless, gliding reptiles of the dark side of nature, by their stealthy habits, mysterious powers, and deadly venom, that few people ate entirely indifferent to the discussion of such interesting topics. I have heard that some years ago a book about Australian snakes was written by a former curator of the Sydney Museum, Mr. Gerard Krefft ; but, as that work is no longer in print and I have been unable to procure any other re liable information on the subject, my knowledge, necessarily, is not exhaustive, and has been obtained by personal obser vation or from facts brought under my notice the truth of which I could unhesitatingly accept. But I have at all times diligently sought to improve my knowledge of the habits of the snake family, both in season and out of eeason. I have skinned them ; I have dissected them ; 1 have them preserved in spirits ; and I ha ve gone bo far as to thrust myself into their domestic affairs; but I have never attempted to eat one. la any degree of intimacy it is necessary to draw the line somewhere, so, in my relations with snakes, I have always endeavoured to draw the line of demarcation with a stout stick across the snake's back ; and it is this unavoidable necessity of being strict which renders it so difficult to obtain an accurate insight of their nature and habits. To say that snakes abound throughout the long stretch of seaboard between Moruya and Cape Howe is to use a mis nomer. The whole region is infested by them ; their name is legion, and the marvel is, not that there are accidents of snakebite, but that accidents are not of daily occurrence. On every hillside and in every glen, by every creek and riverside, in stagnant marshes, and on the barren sandridges and bleak points which border the sea, tht ubiquitous snake is to be found in greater or lesser numbers. Not that I would have it understood they are evenly dis tributed over the land. Far from it, for there are some places where snakes are very scarce ; while in other localities they are so numerous as to render it unsafe to venture into their secret haunte. Climate, too, has a great influence ou the movements and activity of snakes. In some seasons, when the sun's heat is unusually fierce, and the pungent smoke of recurring bush-fires hangs like a pall over the landscape snakes will appear in great numbers, and are more pugna cious, where, perhaps, during the next season they will be scarce and apparently anxious to avoid observation. Then, again, a marked diminution or increase may be noticed among the different species. Thus, in some seasons and in certain localities, one particular kind of snake will appear in such numbers as to cause you to imagine that it has been waging a war of extermination against every other kind ,' and in some instances a particular species will almost entirely disappear, as at Eden, where the carpet snake, once very numerous, is now rarely to be met with. But in their chosen lurking places in the remote bush, where the causes which in populous districts tend to reduce the number of snakes are highly inoperative, these noxious reptiles have every facility to multiply and grow to excessive size. The hand of every human creature is against them : guanao and stump lizards are their natural enemies ; but, so intelligent is their perception of danger, so silent and stealthy are their motions, and so great is their power of reproduction, it is easy to perceive that, for every snake which is killed, some hundreds must escape unharmed to perpetuate their species. There are 11 distinct species of snakes indigenous to this region with which I have made acquaintance ; nor do I know any one who has discovered an addition to that num ber; but there are certain cream- coloured, red, and banded snakes, which are observed, perhaps, once in a generation, deserving of separate mention. As I think that the remark able and unusual colour of these snakes ib the result of acci dent, or of a freak of nature, I do not regard them as forming a distinct species, but as occupying a place among other snakesanalogous to that of Albinos among Negroes. The 11 species aie enumerated here according to what I have reason to believe to be the relative strength of their poison, but it should be borne in mind that, in order to rightly estimate the hurtful properties of different snake poisons, it is necessary to be informed of the sex and probable age of the snake ; or the length of time which had elapsed since it emerged from torpor; of the temperature of the weather; of the quality of excitement felt by snake and victim, and of the condition of the victim's blood before he, she, or it ?was bitten. The species are:— The deaf, or death adder; the brown snake, the tiger snake, the lead-coloured snake, the whip snake, the black snake, the water snake, or copper-bellied black snake ; the diamond snake, the rock snake, the car pet snake, and the little green-tree snake. Let me premise thatj if it betrays a want of knowledge to provide one fixed and indiscriminate law of ringbarking to all parts of the colonv, and to all classes of timber, so it is a mistaken notion to suppose that the properties and powers of the same species of snake are precisely equal under every conceivable condition of climate and circumstance. The carpet snake of these latitudes is, I very well know, quite another sort of reptile from its relative of North Queensland ; . so, in like manner, the poisonous properties which ^ubject to correction) I ascribe to the various snakes of this coast are most probably modified in the same species in other latitudes and under altered conditions. Concerning the influence which the sex of a snake may have upon the effect of its bite, very little appears to be known. A blackfellow with whom I was familiar, and who worked for me at uncertain intervals and in a rather uncer tain manner, but who has long since slept the sleep of the just, gave to me, as the collective wisdom of his tribe, the assurance that the bite of the male is more to be dreaded than that of the female snake; and when you know that male snakes are much the more numerous and pugnacious, the assertion seems probable. The age of a snake is an im portant consideration ; for it must be apparent that the short, fine teeth of an immature snake cannot inflict so deep a wound nor allow so copious a flow of poison as the long, robust fangs of the adult snake ; to Bay nothing of the question whether the venom of young snakes is or is aot so virulent as that of full-grown ones. After it has lain for three or four months in a state of torpor, a snake emerges from the gloom of its retreat in a feeble and emaciated condition. Its courage is chilled; its energies and physical organs are in a lethargic condition ; and its only wish, for some days, is to escape observation and to bask in the sun. Surely it will not be contended that the venom of a snake in the condition I have described can be so virulent as it would be were me snake restored and strengthened by warmth and food. I have said that snakes possess mysterious powers. When I use the word mysterious I intend nothing super natural, but simply that the nature of those powers is not well understood. Considering the strange mesmeric in fluence which they can exert at will, the faculty they evidently possess of controlling and qualifying the flow of venom, and the impunity with which they can swallow and digest poisonous snakes which they themselves have poi soned, I do no.t think that I have exaggerated, by the use of an expressive word, the peculiar powers natural to them. Should a soake be crippled and driven to extremities, it will endeavour to inflict its own death wound by biting itself ; and so apprehensive are the blacks ot treading with naked feet upon the bones of any snake that they will always (when circumstances permit) consume every portion of it by fire. When two snakes of the one species fight, as they do desperately in the pairing season, I have never seen, nor have 1 heard, that any fatal results followed their bites ,* but when two snakes of different species fight, one is sure to kill the other, and then there follows the curious spectacle of one snake swallowing another poisonous snake -which it has itself killed by poison.' 