THE Opposition in the Legislative Assembly must be quite dead to the history of .the past, or it would certainly treat the present Reform Bill in a more modest and past-remembering spirit than it has thus far bestowed upon the measure. To read the speeches delivered by Liberal members who sit to the left of the Speaker, one would think, if he did not know better, that a reform scheme had been laid before the House for the first occasion. The details are assailed or reasoned upon with quite an assumption of freshness, or originality, although, as a matter of fact, everything that is said about them is as stale as the dispute with the Harbor Trust, or the class instincts of the Upper Chamber. Whenever another Reform Bill is laid before the House, the old platitudes and stock arguments aresure to be trotted out, and everything re-said to either support or condemn the project. All this is accepted as a matter, of course; and no one thinks of complaining of the repetition or practice. But there is one special feature about the present debate; and it is in this direction that the Opposition shows itself to be wanting so stronjjly in modesty and recollection. So far as the discussion has gone, nearly all the Conservative speakers have condemned the new bill, because it doss not contain something which had previously commanded their disapprobation or approval. Should not these members have been more modest, in view of the fact that what they now ask for has been condemned by the country, or found in some other way impossible of achievement! What is the use of asking now for the Norwegian scheme, when both the country and the Council have condemned it 1 Or, to what purpose is it to clamor for a finality scheme when the country has said it will not have it? Or, in what manner can any light be thrown upon the scheme formulated by the Government, by regretting that a portion of the SERVICE bill is not in the new one, when the country has declared at the ballot-box that it will have nothing to do with a reform scheme based upon that production ? Or, further, what is the use of referring to the plebiscite, or the 6th clause, when the country has vetoed both these propositions 1 Is not all tfiig kind of talk quite beside the question which has now to be considered, . seeing that the country has rejected, and thus swept away, all these proposals and ideas, and given a distinct assent to the schcme now under discussion ? Clearly it is; and with a proper regard to the fitness of things, or to the necessity of keeping strictly to the point, there is no coming to any other conclusion. The bill before the House has received the express sanction of the country. Therefore the point of the case is not what should or should not be in the bill, but whether the country should or should not obtain what it asks for. This is really the only feature there should be in the debate, because die gist of the whole matter is summed np in this sentence. Hence to this point the debate should be confined, instead-of referring to the past, or fighting all round the compass, when dealing with the measure. The arguments should be whether a scheme, sanctioned by the constituencies at a general election, should be passed or not; and neither reference to the past, nor. a desire to mangle or alter the details, should be indulged in to in anyway .complicate or maul this issue. But it is not only in raking up the ashes of . the past that the Conservative speakers of the Assembly show such a want of modesty and such an obliviousness of recollection. These two qualities are just as formidably displayed in the spirit in which they deal with the broad question Involved in the Government {proposals. Mr FKAHCIS, Mr MURRAY iSMITH, and other members of the. Opposition, who have up to the present had their say in this discussion, hjive^ either directly or indirectly,' •U tried (liar hands at reform, and wfafc ha* come of their effiwtst Tfc» answer is tint thoee efforts ave proved completely «TM»1ive. They o have all brofcen .down jptteriy, al-- thongfa thef were each and all tried tinder most favorable conditions. VVImt is the feeling Ihafc tills state of things should inspire 4 "Slot a carping, pettifogging spirit of opposition. Nothing indeed of this sort should he displayed. On the contrary, it should call 'forth the - most genial' instincts axid references, and make every one of those members veiy modest in what they have to say upon the subject. They should remember die ordeal they have passed through only to fail; and this recollection of their own troubles and breakdowns should make them more moderate in their language, and more considerate in their opposition. But their own failures in the past do not appear to make them any more diffident in their demands now, but rather to make them more efinsive and exacting. This is one of the peculiarifies which can be discerned on the Conservative side of the present debate; and it is one that neither redounds to its own credit, nor is it at all fair to those who have a "difficult work to accomplish. Modesty, however, was never a characteristic of the Conservative side. Therefore,' there is -no cause for the least surprise, that it is absent now, although a little of it at the present time would certainly be both useful and refreshing. WE regret to see so many Liberal members girding -at Mr • EATTERSON over die one sensible step he has taken since be has been Ministef of Railways. The transfer of the patronage of that department over to the permanent head is characterised by so much good sense knd judgment, that all parties ought to heartily support the new arrangement. The Railway Department has been re garded for years as a sort of refuge for the destitute, ora£ the most facile hunting ground in the colony for billets; and the result at length assumed such formidable dimensions that hardly a member of Parliament, who had: any influence with the Government of the day, could rise from his bed in. the morning without being greeted by at least half a dozen applicants for situations in that branch of .the public service. The shifts, false promises, double dealing, and absolute falsehoods, which this persecution—for it has been nothing else — forced members into, must have become so intolerable that reason is to a large extent brought into disrepute, by the change which Mr PATTERSON has made not being received by all classes of politicians with joy and acclamation. What could be more irritating and sickening to a member of Parliament than to be habitually badgered to go cap in hand to the head of the railways, asking employment for a number of individuals, nine-tenths of whom had nothing but their votes to prompt this favor ? What could be more degrading to the members, or what greater onslaught could be made on his independence 1 He could not refuse to do what was asked of him, without risking the loss of perhaps three or a dozen votes when he next appeared for election. Nor could tbe Minister very well refuse to comply with the request made, not only to save the member from appearing to a disadvantage before his persecutors, and from still further badgering by the same people, but also at the risk of offending perhaps a very staunch supporter. Often, no doubt, from these considerations persons have been found employment on the railways who were not required and" the community has thus been handicapped with expense, not because cither the representative or the Minister desired anytliing of the kind, if let alone, but simply because it was the easiest method to keep matters straight all round, and to get rid of a continuous cause of wowy and a nuisance. We don't hesitate to say that no person should be more delighted than every member of the Assembly with the change that has now been made, since it will save them from the loss of time, annoyance, degradation, and sacrifice of independence in this way which they have had to endure in the past, and leave them in the future much more un fettered, and much more dignified, in the discharge of their duties. A new system of this kind has, indeed, so many advantages, both to the private representative, the Minister, and the people (whose pocket it is bound to protect), that we not only regret to see Liberal members of the House oppose the change, but we confess to be not a little astonished by the whole House not combining, as one man, to compliment the Minister upon his alteration or improvement. Of course all this presupposes thai, in handing over future appointments to Mr ELSDOU, Mr PATTERSON is guilty of no shaui. A mere make- believe in a case of this sort -that is, publicly renouncing all billetgiving, while privately influencing Mr ELSDON in the disposal of vacancies, or in creating new openings—would be trilling with the community and insulting to members of Parliament. It would mean, also, clearing the way for a greater absorption of the Minister's nominees, to the exclusion of the friends of all other persons connected with the governing body of the country. But supposing nothing of this kind either goes on or is intended—-and proof to the contrary is yet unsupplied—then we say that the step taken by Mr PAT- TEBSOX is one which every member of Parliament should heartily endorse, because it will save the latter from numerous indignities, from much thankless trouble, and from having to do a great deal, which would not only expose him to sharp outside rebuke, deservedly or otherwise matters not, but at the same time would interfere— as the constant necessity of asking for billets has alwajt done—with the dis- J charge of .his far more important and far more' honorable Junctions. The only practical-objection that can at present be raised to the new system is that it may concentrate the distribution of employment on the railways too much upon Melbourne. Bat this is an evil. which Mr ELSDON will have to avoid, not only lor the sake of his own reputation, but also to secure that good-feeling towards die change which, in -the interests oi the mass of the community,it is so desirable should continue. We don't believe in everything that Mr PATTEBSO'N has said and done since he has been Minister of Railways. Neither can we endorse all the 1 compliments' which. have "^jeen showered upon hiin since he has occupied that position, because \- he certainly does not deserve them, as the blundering iiiere has*been over the arrival of the trains at their destinations, oyer the management of die ei£arsion tr&ins; l *nd in several directions that ought" lie metf But we thoroughly believe in the step he has takeh with regard to billet-hunting on the-railways; and we pot only think every member of Parliament ought to be right heartily glad of what he has done til this way, but also that every other member of the Cabinet should follow his example. The country will largely gain by the new plah; and it will be entirely the fault of the depart cient itself if the change should ever have to be abandoned. EVERSTHING satisfies us that there is a good foundation for die statement that has been repeatedly made by letters in the columns of this paper of late, that dwelling houses are very scarce in this centre. There are houses by the thousand, of course, erected all over tbe city and town. But die greatest possible difficulty is experienced in finding one of them empty, or wanting a tenant. They are all occupied, and likely to remain so; and.it is only at quite remote periods that the o wners of one or more of them have to look out for fresh inmates. ' When one of them does become open for re- occupation, the owner is literally besieged with applications, and has no little difficulty in choosing whom he shall hand it over to amongst the numerous applicants who seek its shelter. When this state of things was first brought under our. notice, by means of the letters which we haye published, we "were not disposed to regard the assertion as true. We thought it existed purely in the imagination of the writers. But we find by enquiry that we were The fact is really as our correspondents have described. There is a great scarcity of dwellinghouses to let in Ballarat; and die consequence is that a number of persons are prevented from coming into this city and town to reside, by reason of this want of accommodation. Much inconvenience is thus caused to families, whose bread-winners are either working, or connected with busines?, in Ballarat; and the town is prevented from carrying a still larger population than it now contains by dwellingsof this kind being nonobtainable for the purpose. J^ow there has been a very keen and eager desire shown of late to buy up central property here. Could not the same desire trend in the direction of erecting new dwelling-houses to fill up the void which it is clear exists amongst us ? By those who have the necessary vacant ground already this might well be done; and by those who have not the ground, there are plenty of vacant spots within easy access of the centre of the town that might be bought up at no great cost, and utilised in the same manner We really-think those persons who have done so well in mining and in businessof late, might well fall in with these views, because it would be certain to give them a handsome return for an investment of this character. According to what we hear, a hundred six-roomed houses could be let tomorrow, if they could be obtained, and a good rent would be paid for each of thein. No better object, therefore, could be resorted to to get a good returns for the expenditure of a little money than this one; and this fact ought ceiiainly to stimulate our moneyed people to invest in the manner recommended. For it would not only yield a good return of interest for the money spent, but it would also increase the population of the town, and thus contribute to its general progress and substantially swell its commerce. The need of more dwellinghouses in Ballarat is really a sterling fact; and those who have the means to do what is required in this way will do well to supply what is so greatly wanted. The chargc against James Newman, the engine- driver of die colliding train in the recent railway accident at Beaufort, will be investigated to-day at the Beaufort Police Court. The specific charge laid against him is, "that he, on the 26th day of January, 1SS1, at Beaufort, did, by a certain neglect, to wit, by neglecting to keep proper control of au engine -and goods train, endanger the safety of certain persons on the Ballarat and Ararat railway." A -large number of witnesses are subpoenaed. M A farmer named Daniel Spenccr, a resident of Bnngaree, met with a very painful accident yesterday at his farui. He had jnst unloaded some hay from a dray, and „ was sitting on the vehicle, when a piece .of paling in it slipped forward between the hind Tegs of his horse, a usually quiet beast The paling must have tickled tbe animal, for it kicked out, and one of its liind hoofs crushed Spencer's right leg against the front of the dray, lacerating the flesh of the limb and causing a compound fracture of the bones just above the ankle. Speucerwas promptly conveyed to the Hospital, where Ins injury was attended to. A plucky capture of a runaway horse attached to a buggy was made by a young cabman, named Fred. Cooper, yesterday morning, in Skipton street. The cab-driver was going to £cbastopol when the horse attached to tlie buggy was coming full gallop down the road. Young Cooper pulled up, and, jumping out of his cab, pluekjly ran in front of the runaway and stopped him. With reference to the letter in our yesterday's .issue signed "Non-delivery," we are requested to state that if the writer will call upon Mr Bechervaise, postmaster, and give particulars of tbe alleged delays, lie will have enquiries made on the subject. Constable Egan has received orders from head-quarters to proceed to Creswick to-day to fill Constable Moron's place. The first annna.1 matches of the newlyorganised BallaratSwimmingCIub were held at.the Corporation Baths yesterday, when a good programme of events^ and most of theam Very interesting ones,* - provided a good day's sporting. There was a good attendance, and much interest was taken in the performances of the competitors, who were most of them local in en. A. W. Bennett, who swam very well, won the 420 yds* Handicap and the 875 yds Handicap. J. Alain won the Members' Race, 210' yds, and was a very good second in the S/a'yds Handicap. The State Schools' Handicap was won by J. .lull en, of Gee long. There "were good fields for most of the events* and the competition neraily was unusually keen. . - At the City Police Court yesterday morning Messrs Akehurst, P.M., and Lewis, -P., presided, and dealt with three dronkanls in-the usual manner. - Harriet Price was fined 20a, in default seven days' imprisonment, for having made use of insulting language in a public place, whereby a breach of the peace was caused on the night of the 22nd instant Thomas B. Soper was committed to tile Ararat Lunatic Asylum on -the certificates of Drs Holthouse and Whitcombe. The -hon. secretary of the Ballarat Fire Brigade desires to acknowledge with tJww^ the receipt of a cheque for £10 from Mr John Hickman, of the Union Foundry, in recognition of the able and valuable assistance rendered by the brigade at the late fine. The ordinary general meeting of the Butchers' Employes' Association was held on Tuesday evening in the Societies' Hall Grenville street. There was a large attendance, and the chairman introduced a ilele- •te from the Stawell Butchers' Association, le ordinary business of the evening was icily disponed of. Messrp flajT and IDialins were appointed to wait upon the stock ag^nts, re the annual subscription to jhepiaric funds- Promises of support were received from various places, and it was decided "to - held the picnic on Wednesday, 23rd March. jOn. tbe motion of Mr lAtnb, seconded W Mr Button, it was screed that n£naiy meeting lie hela on Vbuek- day, 1st March, to arrange all'matteri m txamection with' tfce picnic. With a vote of rincnb-a to the fhairmim, the meeting dosed. Tbe secretary of the Ballarat City Fire Brigade desires to thankfully acknowledge the receipt of cheque for £10 from Mr John Hickman as a donation for services rendered at the late fire at the Union Foundry; The complimentary banquet tendered to Commodore O. E. Edwards, of the Ballarat Yacht Club, was held at Lexer's hotel last night, when about thirty gentlemen attended, and Captain Money, in the temporaiy absence oi the mayor, presided during the fore part of the evening, Mayor £ewis being installed chairman as -soon as lie arrived. Mr G. Hathom occupied the vice-chair. A very pleasant evening was spent; Mr Edwards, in response to the tonst of the gnest^ making a characteristic speech. " The company, in breaking np, wished the commodore a pleasant voyage and safe return. Mr Edwards leaves by the s.s. Peshawar, arid -purposes being absent seven or eight months. Captain Morey, during tile, evening, in proposing tiie toast of the president and vice-presidents of the B.Y.C., regretted that the haste with which the banquet had been arranged for, in consequence of Mr Edwards' somewhat sudden departure, prevented the invitations reaching them in time for them to be present. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Loyal Ballarat Lodge, M.U.LO.O.F., was held at tbe lodge-room, British Qaeen hotel, last evening, when there was a good attendance of members present,- also a few visitors; N.G. Tatton presiding. An apology was received from G.M. Pomroy for unavoidable absence. Hie minutes of the previous meeting we're read and confirmed, after which a mass of correspondence, principally of a routine nature, was read and dealt with. The reports on the sick were received, and the sick pay duly ordered to be paid. Notice Of asking leave to propose one candidate was received, and an enquiry committee dnly appointed. The receipts for the evening amounted to £42 19s 4d. A vote of thanks was accorded to the visiting brethren, which toast was suitably responded to by P.G*.M. Robertson (Smythcsdale lodge), Br Bryant (Loyal True Friendship Lodge, Oyropic), P.P.G.M. Binder (North Star Lodge), and P.O. Stevenson {Loyal Studley Lodge), Port Pliillip district. There ooothei ness, - the lodge waa closed in the usual manner. Mr Scott, J. P., presided at the Town Police Court yesterday morning, and fined four drunkards in the usual amount. The usual meeting of the Loyal Hand of Friendship Lodge, M.CT.LO.O.F., was held at the Societies^ Hall, Granville street, on Tuesday evening, the 22nd instant; N.G. Br H. Oyston in the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting were read, and a quantity of correspondence, amongst which was a letter with a certificate of death of the late wife of one of the brethren. The amount of funeral donation was ordered to be paid; also the allowance to one sick brother residing At Clunes, with a vote of thanks Xo the Clunes lodge for their kindness in looking after him. One friend was proposed for initiation, having been baUotted for in the usual form. Report was given of the A.M.C. banquet to be held on next lodge night, and it was decided to meet at sevep o'clock p.m., instead of eighty to enable those who wish to go to do so. In speaking of the dispensary, great praise was given to Mr- Treloar, the dispenser, for his kind ^ld genial manner, as well as to Dr Bradford; both of those gentlemen growing more in favor every day. The N.G. having closed the proposition, the secretary read the receipts of the evening, £16 Is fid, the lodge closed, after spending a very enjoyable evening. The annual picnic of the Holy Trinity Sunday School, Sebastopol, was held yesterday at the Botanical Gardens. About 100 picniekers were conveyed in cabs to the gardens, arriving there about eleven o'clock. Some sought pleasure by taking an occasional sail on the lake, while others indulged in pastime games on shore. The picnickers, after having thoroughly enjoyed themselves, made a start for home about six o'clock. The attendance at the Exhibition on Tues day was—By single ticket 4094, season ticket holders, 74, miscellaneous 147S—total, 5646 We are still compelled to hold over a number of letters until to-morrow. ' Mr Levinson, jeweller, of Sturt street, is exhibiting a number of very handsome medals manufactured by him. Four of them are the Central Bowling Club trophies, presented by the Hon. P. Russell, and won by Messrs W. Little, A. Bain, Slater, and T. Rogers in the 1S79-80 season. The other mi a matriculation prize gained by A. Murray, of the High School. The medals are shaped like Maltese crosses, with star points between the arms, and are very handsomely executed and inscribed. We have received the current number of tbe Australasian SketcJier. Amongst a variety of interesting engravings, are a portrait of the late Thomas Carlyle, and h fine view of the Hobart regatta. The comic opera of "La Fille du Tambour Major," at the Opera House, Melbourne, is having a wonderful run; so also is the pantomime of " Sinbad the Sailor" at the Koyal. The fiftieth representation of each production was given on Tuesday evening, and to a crowded house in each case. A very large bush-fire (says the Whittlcsea correspondent of the Telegraph) raged on Monday afternoon and through the night in the ranges. At midnight the wliole range was one mass of fire, and the northern sky was brilliantly illuminated. A quantity of timber has been sacrificed. Mr Thomas F. Camming, of Stony Point, Darlington, intends (says the Argus) to stand as a candidate for the Western Province, on a vacancy being crcated by the retirement of Sir Samuel Wilson. At the Yarrawonga Police Court on Friday last (says the Age) a young woman, named Elizabeth Hill, about twenty years of age, was charged with concealment of birth. The evidence adduced went to prove that the lived with a farmer named James Baird Griffiths, of Hill Plains. They occupied the same sleeping apartment. Dr A. Benny proved that the woman had given birth to a child very recently, not more than three or four weeks ago. Griffiths was the only person who attended her daring, her illness. She was committed for trial at the Beechworth Assizes, to be held on the -K>th May. James Baird Griffiths was also proceeded against on the charge of concealing the dead body of the child. He was also committed for trial. The "Maldon correspondent of the Arrjm telegraphs that Mr Casey met the local lieform League at the Criterion hotel, Maldon, on Tuesday evening, and it was arranged tint he should contest the seat. Mr Casey will address the electors at an early date. The Commissioner of Railways (relates the Herald) says that there is a debt of £166,000 on the railways, and he means to dear it off forthwith. He has already ^cleared off £59,000 this year. Since the first of the present month (says the Geelang Advertiser) ~ six vessels have cleared out of Geelong with 53,642 bags of wheat for the English and foreign markets. Over three thousand bags of wheat have been received into one store in Geelong within the last few days, and as many as eight more vessels 'of large tonnage are spoken of as coming here to load with grain for foreign ports. The Rev. Dean O'Hea (says the Herald) is of opinion that prison labor can be employed with profit to make a line from Coburg through Brunswick to North' Melbourne. Mr Patterson does not agree with this. He says that the working mauiu Victoria does-not believe in the prisoners working in this colony. They pijpferred doing tne work Mr Tytherleigh, the former representative of Nonnanby, who figured conspicuously in the divisions-on the previous Reform Sill, has been given employment (says the Argus) as a compositor in the Government Printing Office.. The appointment of the Police Board (says the JTerald) still, remains ia statu quo. It is said outside that Parliament will ultimately be asked to settle the vexed question and appoint the board. The board (says the Argus) appointed to enquire into and report as to tire cause of the discoloration and offensive odor of the Tan Sean water, returned to town on Tuesday evening, and a report will be sent in to the Water Supply Department in the cqnrse of a few Brsned, and aamplen of water were collected at various points for analysis. The observations triads by the board led to "the conclusion .tint the pollntion of tha water, the offensive BmeU, and discoloration come from sources above the reservoir. The races at Whittlesea which lead into the reservoir are loot fenced inland on the oocaaon the visit of the board cattle were found standing in them," and numbers of ducks and geese swimming about. ' Under a brwtee over Brace's Creek,- which inns into the Yan Yean, was found a. large quantity of human excreta; and it was also found that the drainage of o public-house In Whittlesea found its way into the same channel. In consequence (says the Age) of the cases of imposition discovered in connection with the maintenance branch of the Lunacy Department, a thorough investigation is being made by the officers of the Law'Department of all cases in which arrears are due. About half-a-dozen cases of' shameful imposition upon the State by people in easy circumstances have already been discovered. In the latest 'instance, brought to light on Tuesday, the person who lias for the last ten years shirked his responsibility is a member of a shire council, and has thrice filled the office of president. His wife has been an inmate of the lunatic asylum for a number of years. He promised to pay 10s per week towards her maintenance, but he made very few payments, and, although in a prosperous state from a worldly point view, has endeavored to get his contribution reduced from 10s to 7s 6d per week. The redaction' was made, but after dribbling out one or two payments of £3 or £4, no further instalments were received, and'there is now • £1S0 in It will be seen by our-advertising -cohimns that Mr Edwin Browne, the American actor, who played at the Academy of Music a few months ago, will re-appear in that building on Saturday evening next, supported by a strong and talented -dramatic company. The meetings of the Dawson Street Congregational Mutoa.1 Improvement Association will be resumed this evening, at eight o'clock. It will be seen by our advertising columns that Mr E. J. Lewis, attorney and solicitor, has, after his long-eontiuued illness, resumed the practice of bis profession, and may be consulted at 24 Ynille street. A jubilee service' in honor of Mr N. PhiUipson will be held to-night in the Primitive Methodist Church, Eyre etreet. Addresses will be delivered by various ministers and friendB. The time for playing off first ties in connection with the Central Bowling Club for the prize presented by Dr Hudson has been extended to half- past six p.m. next Monday. The list of names, &c.;, can be seen at the pavilion. - Mr Eddy will address the electors of the Mining Board in the assembly room of the Alfred Hall next Friday evening, at eight o'clock. Miss Lewis announces by advertisement that she is prepared to receive an addition to the number of her musical pupils at her residence, 24 Ynille street. In connection with the Mining Board .election, Mr Graham will hold meetings this evening at Hocking's Garibaldi botel at six, and at the Pioneer hotel at eight. To-morrow evening Mr Graham "will speak at the Halfway House, Mount Clear, at six o'clock, and at the council chambers, Boninyong, at eight. Mr Price has arranged to conduct his class in oil-painting at the School of Mines every Monday and Thursday morning, from halfpast nine to half-past eleven. The annual meeting of subscribers to the Free Library. Sebastopol, will be held next Monday evening, at eight o'clock, to receive and adopt the balance-sheet and reports, and to elect two auditors and three members of committee. * Nominations for the Derby and Oaks, in connection with the Ballarat Coursing Club, will close, at Craig's hotel, next Monday evening, at six o'clock. A local land board will sit at Beaufort today, to deal with sundry applications under" the Amending Land Act. 