COUNTRY LETTERS. (From our own correspondents.) FREMANTLE, Jan. 1 The Boat License Act has been put in motion against Messrs. Sandell, Knight & Co., the proprietors of the river steamers, and resulted in their being fined. It appears the master of the steamer Enchantress came down with some passengers from Perth to Fremantle, and, find- ing there were a number of passengers anxious to visit H. M. warship Miranda, he put on the boat to take passengers off, under the belief that the steamer, being licensed to carry passen- gers, could do so as safely in the port anchorage as in the river. The Act in question is hard upon the boatmen, and the conditions upon which they are allowed to carry passengers has pre- vented our port boatmen taking out licenses for this purpose. The only chance therefore of passengers going on board any vessel in port is by ships's boat; and, however important it might become for any person to get afloat to proceed to any ship, he could not hire a boat for that purpose, without the risk of the boat- man being fined. Surely an Act might be fram- ed to meet the requirements of the port, and give all the facilities for passenger traffic that are needed. An Act which simply compels a boatowner to take out a license to carry passen- gers, may, of course enable the Government to see that the requirements of the Act are carried out; but it does not prevent boats being used ostensibly to take passengers "free of cost," though such boats may be dangerous to life. VICTORIA PLAINS, Dec 31. The weather has been oppressively hot here for some time back. Every two or three days, heavy clouds would rise, discharge a few peals of thunder, and occasionally a few drops of rain, and then clear off; leaving everything as hot and dry as ever. I fear there will be heavy losses of stock this summer, consequent upon the scarcity of water, for I hear of wells running dry in all directions, and at those places where there is plenty of water the feed will soon be all gone,the result of stock crowding there, from the dry parts. The harvest is about over. On most farms, the grain is all in the yards, and in a few in- stances thrashing has began. I heard that one gentleman had 55 bushels of oats per acre, but I fear that is only an exceptional case, for, in most places that I have seen, the oats and barley did not appear to be up to their usual average. The wheat crop is, I think, rather better, on the whole, than it was last year. There is plenty of smoke from bushfires about, but I've not heard of any damage being caused by these conflagrations yet. Some one (un- known) lighted the grass near Mr. Campbell's place a few days ago, but it was extinguished before it could reach the fields, in which the corn was all lying at the time. I have heard of a man mistaking Mr. Brown's public house for his own, taking possession of the bar, and otherwise conducting himself in a very violent manner. He has since had an interview with Mr. Lefroy, J. P., and been recommended to four months change of air at Fremantle. GERALDTON, Dec. 29. Since my last, the festive season of Christmas has come and gone, and with it all the fun and frolic which usually attends the occasion. At last, the oft repeated "Merry Christmas to you" with which we have been hourly greeted of late, is heard no more, but the New Year's compli- ments still assail our ears, and remind us of the old Latin adage Tempus fugit—so often heard, but so seldom attended to. Our township has not—owing to circum- stances which, in a previous communication, I have mentioned—been enlivened with so much aport as it otherwise would have been, during the festive season. We are however anxiously awaiting the arrival of 3rd January, when a good days sport will doubtless be indulged in, the programme being a very attractive one. Some of our athletes, I have noticed, are train- ing for the occasion, and seem evidently deter- mined that the honors shall not be carried to the Greenough, from whence the champions in running, jumping, swimming, etc. generally hail. The horse racing at Northampton on Boxing Day, I understand, was very good. As I was unavoidably prevented from being present my- self, I cannot give you any details connected therewith, Your Northampton correspondent will doubtless treat your numerous readers to a lengthened account of the equestrian perform- ances. We are anxiously waiting to hear the result of the first cricket match played by the eleven of the Victoria cricket club, in whom the public of Geraldton appear to place unlimited confi- dence. May their sanguine expectations be fully realised, is the wish of your humble serv- ant. The weather for the past week or ten days has been excessively hot. YORK, Jan. 1. Harvesting is now in full swing. The wheat crops are yielding well,—many of them from twenty to twenty five bushels to the acre. No price is yet set upon the wheat, neither the dealers nor merchants being eager to buy. I hear that from 3s. 6d. to 3s. 9d. is to be about the price. We sadly want some of our leading merchants to send a shipload or two away, for the mills here are nearly half full of old wheat and flour. Our Road Board election took place yester- day. Very little interest was taken in the affair, only about a dozen electors being present. The members who retired were all re-elected. We had a tea-meeting here on the evening of Boxing Day, in aid of the Sustentation Fund. There was a very fair attendance on the occasion. After tea, the Rev. Mr. Howard thanked the ladies for coming forward so liberally with trays, and also those who gave money instead of trays. The amount taken at the door was £10, and a sum of £11 was subscribed by those who preferred giving money donations Our local cricketers were much dis- appointed in not being able to have a match with the Geraldton team, of whose prowess we had heard so much. TOODYAY, Dec. 28. Your correspondent "Revision" is labouring under a mistake. I have read the Act, and it was on the table, with the electoral roll, when the open court was held. I cannot see anything in it that any honest man can object to. "Re- vision" says that I sneered at him and "W. B." because they did not put in an appearance at the open court. To 'sneer' is to laugh foolishly, and I fail to see that there was anything laugh- able in the business. I asked a straightforward question and expected a straightforward an- swer. By the bye, I misapplied the saying, "I don't care who is Vicar of Bray." I ought to have said I don't care who is Chairman, or who are the members of the Road Board, so long as they do their work well. On the other hand, I can assure them that if they 'scamp' their work they need expect no mercy from me. I quite agree with "Revision" that contractors as a rule are 'dummies,' who do the work while others reap the benefit. On this subject, I could a tale unfold; but—let sleeping dogs lie. Lastly, I am accused of apathy. This year there were held in Newcastle several meetings of the Vestry, School Board, Synod, Open Court, Town Council; how many of these meet- ings was "Revision" at? Mind, I do not mean to disparage the Toodyay people, but I was the only stranger present at any one of them! The Road Board election is to be on the 30th; I wonder if "Revision" is going to come. I have a great curiosity to know who he is. Miss Mary Ann Lawler met with what might have been a very serious accident a few days ago. She was riding on the public road between Newcastle and Northam, and, when passing the house of a man named Scaley, a ferocious dog attacked her horse, which became unmanage- able, and she was thrown with considerable vio- lence to the ground, her foot catching in the stirrup. The unfortunate girl was dragged in this position for some distance, but luckily there were no bones broken. She is, however, very much bruised, and her habit was torn all to pieces. Miss Lawler is not the first person that this dog has attacked. Scaley's house is close to the road, and he prides himself on the ferocity of his canine pet. I think the police ought to interfere, and oblige him to keep his pet tied up. Dec. 30. The District Road Board held their election to-day, with the following results: Mr. Dan. Connor, 70; Mr. S. P. Phillips, 61; Mr. Lionel Lukin, 60; and Mr. James Sinclair, sen., 48. Who is "Revision?" 