NEWS AND NOTES. The cable news received yesterday state that Elias Laycock has left England for Sydney by the Lusitania. Mr Parnell hes taken his seat in the House of Commons, and has got into bad odbur With & section of his adherents for coquetting, with Rochefort and other Com; mUnists. The Speaker df the Commone has modified tbe rule • recently adopted for the regulation of Parliament. General Skobeloff is returning from the country of the Turco mans, which is accepted as evidence of Rusiia’s pacific intentions towards the tribes. A'blue book has been published containing tbe despatches vtrhibh have parted between the Russian and British Governments relative to the secret correspondence discovered in Cabul. The Russian Chancellor’s note may be sum marised by stating that it is made up of admission, explanation, and a promise that the offence shall not occiir again: Tbe only item of news from the Cape is that, after, having joined Sir Q. P. Colley, Sir E. Wood has retired to Pietermaritzburg to push forward the reinforcements which are about to drrivei The Ballarat annual regatta takes place io-’ day at Lake Wendouree, under tbe, patronage of Sir Samuel Wilson, Honl Philip Russell, Hon; H. Cilthtjert, the Hon. W. C. Smith, and the major' and councillors of the City, who have proclaimed a half-holiday for the occa sion, a similar request having been granted by the hen. the Minister of Education to ail State Schools. within a radius of ten miles of Ballarat. The entries' for (he rowing events ate good; and promise some gennine sport, as besides our local crews the Corio Bay, Barwou, and Colac clubs have sent their crews to contest several of the events. Tha yachting will also be an Interestidg feature in the programme, as no less than eleven yachts are entered lor ih'6 first-class yacht race, and a large number have entered for the second-class race, which starts at 12 noon. We are pleased to see that the exhibits sent td the Melfloilrde Exhibition by Mr Brllttn'e pupils in the Schools of Design ih Ballarat East and West have obtained the second place in the honour list, Sydney being first. And yet this teacher is one ol those rewarded by dismissal from the pb3t of drawing, master under tbe Education Department in Victoria. He with five others bold certificates of com petency, and of these only two are retained in the service, white instead of the others, persons helping .only license to teach .fire continued, perhaps Because they have cousins, dholes, Ac. to pull the wires; And thus the Major re’- wards merit! It is well tbh Schools of Design are not under anch control. The Ron. Major Smith, Minister of Tnblio Instruction, received a deputation from Clones at the City Hall on Saturday last. MrCoundon and two othergentlotnea were introduced by Mr Thomas CoopOr, Mrti.A.; to ask for the fulfilment of the promise made by the Minister to erect a State school at North Clunes. Major Smith explained to the deputation that there was no money lot the piitpoae in hia hands, and the work could hot be proceeded with. Ha had decided, however, to make applica tion for the transfer from the railway Joan account to the Education Department of £50,000 in anticipation of the loan wbich was to be floated; - If Mr Cooper and ~ other members would assist him ih obtaining this aum from the Treasurer, he would be prepared to call for tenders at once. Mr Cooper sug gested, that .when Major Smith’s promise, was made, he had said that there was not money enough to build a brick school. Mb (Mr Cooper) understood that money bad been ap portioned for a design in brick. ‘Major Smith atated there waa no apportionment whatever of the funds to any special purpose, until tenders ware accepted: ‘ He could only inform the deputation that tbe North Clunes school would bo the first built. It would be half ol brick and half of wood, and would be a hatidsome school. He .was anxious to build this and other schools, but he bad only £5OOO left, and that weot away in little repairs. A ’ member of the deputation said ..the school had been promised in 1869. Major Smith. replied it was no use talking of tbe past, they had to deal with the present. As soon as ever be had the money, tenders would be called for. A deputationiat explained that when the promise waa_ mad6' the_ money was available. Major Smith again rejoined no good could be done by dealing with the past. Mr Cooper ex* plained the gentlemen present were jea lons of Major Smith's honour in the matter of hia pro. mises. Major Smith— 11 It's no use talking; it shall be the first school as soon as I have the money,” A deputationiat hoped the Minister would not forget sgain, and Major Smith replied he would not when he found the money. Mr Cooper wished the Minister not to understand that be had pledged bimsell to support the transference of a part of the rail way loan account to tbe Education Depart* ment* Such a course might,' he thought, be to pledge a loan before Parliament bad sanctioned jj* would be anticipating the decision of Parliament. Major Smith stated that whoever, waa In office waa - bound .to have a ’ loan for water-supply and other purposes. He again reiterated hia promise that the aehool should be tbe first erected when he was in funds. , The deputation also drew the Minuter a to the- fact ‘that four h^-been,rembred from tbeiCluoea Training School, after passing their examine without any provision being made to •upplyvthoir plae**; this interfered with the worlpDg'aflhe school. Major Smith ptomited thrt-Jfour train***;.;ahould be sent up next wa *k>;' Thejdeptttetidn then withdraw. The Biehop-ofßalUrat end Mrs ThorCtoß sutsTtuneid auiw Itdl>gaeeta at a gardSh pa Hf at BishdpKoiirt on Saturday niiethooti; tVo hare been shoWn a Very elegabi •OVe# tea ora which has been presented to.lu.F.lv Leadlij (esefief tit the QfaVel I flUI State school, by the pbpile who attended blaptlTaUelssS last y esi>'in grateful iedognttionof the care he eief ciaed-in their tfainlng.- - The whole «x=pnpu» • were candidate* at' th« data Matrltdlstien and Civil-Service examination*, and alt tbpmi passed; , The Urn bears the inscription—“ Prer eented to Mr'P. B. LeS£b, by his pupils’who matriculated December, 1880.” , , ; , r The B-M.S. Brindisi, arrived off Capo.Borda ‘at2.'4s p.m.on'Satufday. What ihay a‘sChbdimaster in Vic toria may in part be gathered from the follow ing epistle, received from -the sister of ofie ot bu.pdplle-6y the head tedcher of schbol No, 1135, Bangaree, Springs:—“air,—Will foil please to pat Mary Aflor in her wright Clasa it .not the Children can go too another, school for if she was fit /or lit oti in the fourth Class* for over eleveyn Moonths she is fit to remit! thetd now sod yon need not to think by putid her badk you will gain at the uximianaition and forthefutaher if yon have, snythig to say.it about the liven for Mother was a better than you are a man for she wits hot S white washed faipericet hot I would of come and sera you my self bat I think my self above it now this la the second note I have sent so pleat to send me Word if your are goln to put her in the write tilaiS St not.—E;M‘G.’' At ,the request of Bishop Count?! .it Was announced by Father Meade at the ll h’oloik mass at St. Patrick’s Cathedral on Sunday, that a senate of the Roman Catholic clergy of the Ballarat dloeesa would be commenced on Thursday fieit, The objects ,of the assembly, which is expected to last /of several days, are to arrange and discuss tnaiters in bofifiec tion with the Various churches throughout thi district.. Bishop O’Connon is expected to pre side. do Friday doming, at 6 o’clock, then will be Pontifical High Mass. The preacher’s subject at tbs cathedral on Sunday w*4 “ Remember thou keep holy the Sabbath day.” There was a large attendance at the service.’ Richard Beattie, a groom, W 44 arfisted yes terday on an accusation of assaulting add robbing one Robert Daniel Bruce of 3s fid. The alleged robbery, it is reported, occurred in the vicinity of (Lotts’ corner. On Saturday evening a pfeaebtStfoe was made to Mr George Williams, the late secretary of the Ballarat branch of the Amalgamated Miners’ Association of Victoria, of a very hand* some locket and chair), and a flattering address, in recognition of hie services, in the office he held. The presentation was mads by Ur vT. Barton, {Resident of the association. The chairman warmly eulogised Mr Williaxzia for the energy and intelligence displayed id the performance of his duties, and. handed over the gift. Mr Treziss, secretary of ,tho association then read the fol lowing address, Which had been very hand somely engrossed by that WUll-knoWn, illu minator, Mr W. Neale Lansley :—” To George Williams, Esq., past secretary of the Ballarat branch of ' the Amalgamated Miners’ Association of Victoria. Dear Sir, —We the undersigned feel honoured and highly gfatified in hitvingbSSaappointed by the above association to pfefiedt to' joil, from your fellow members, this address and tffo accompanying gift of a gold guard and locket, as a memorial and alight acknowledgment of the valuable services yon .have rendered, in fulfilling the oheroba and responsible duties of secretary during the past nine months, .Tile many estimable qualities jofl have ehoWn, the zeal and . ability that yon have displayed, coupled with your gentlemanly high sense of honour, your courtsay, kindness, and strict im partiality in discharging yourdutiea,haTegained for you triair approbation and esteem, and they deem this a fitting opportunity for giving ex pression to the deep appreciation and grflat regard in which yon are held amongst them. They sincerely hope you may be long spared to early out your good principles in the faithful and oiemplary manner Which baa characterised your career as the first secretary of the* asso ciation, and in whatever ephefs Of life you nfay be placed they wish you every prosperity and happiness— We remain, dear Sir, yours respectfully. President W. Bri&foit; Committee, J. M. Fishes, Jno. Fbazeb; T. B. Tsewse, Secretary.—Ballarat, 18th February, 1881." The presentation was, acknowledged by Mr Williams in a few suitable words, and the Company then adjourned to Craig’s hotel, where suCcesl to the association and to Mr Williams was toasted in b(impart. It was mentioned by the hofi. the Minister of Instruction on Saturday, in reply to a deputation, that it is bis intention to apply to the' Treasurer lor an advance of £50,000 from the Railway Loan Fund, pfcfldiog the floating of the new loan proposed by the Government. . The Ballarat Miners’ Association decided on Saturday to celebrate ita anniversary by a picnic at the Botanic Gardena on Monday, 7th March. The formation of a branch Miners’ Associa tion at Buninyong baa been determined upon. A meeting will be held on Saturday, 26th inst., at which delegated from Ballarat will be present. The number of inmates remaining in the Hospital at the end of the week was 97, of whom flu wore femal.es. The total number of oat-patients treated during the week was 642, and of these there were 94 on the new list. OnSaturdaynightllrTbomas Field, farmer,of Whimfaolee, had been to Mrs Scorer’s to assist in putting oilt a fire, and on his way home a waggonfiette dame tip,- the ocSup.anta of which, as he states, without any provdeatidnj got out of their conveyance, and knocked him down, and kicked him severely about the face and back. He was brought into the Hospital, where he received the necessary treatment. Mr Mai’farlarie; Correspondent tit the Board of Advice, sends tie the’ folio'Wiftg for the in formation of all concerned, which was for warded to him by the Minister of Education!— ” Melbourne, 17th February, 1881. Sir, —I have the honour £o acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the itfth inst, request ing that the commissioners will ra-eonsider their decision with regard to the proposed visit of 1000 children from the State schools of Bal larat to sing at the Exhibition on the 10th prox. In reply, 1 beg to inform yon that : the mattef has been fully considered fcy the execu tive, ttho have considered that as there are no funds at their disposal for subsidising any particular school upon the occasion of visiting the Exhibition, they are unable to comply with your request. The letter of the traffic ffiaqager, Victorian' railways, on the same subject is enclosed - herewith. O. 0. Levet, Secretary. Thd hot), the Minis ter of Education, Department of Education.” “Victorian KailwayA . Traffic manager's office, Melbourne, 4th February, 1881.' Sir, In reply to yours of the Srd met, I beg to state that the Railway Department would Certainly, not carry the children to. eing at. the Exhibi tion at a leu rate than was charged for the reeent excursion trains, viz:—3a under twelve years, and 8a over that age. If the Exhibition commusionCin Seek to draw audiences by the proposed mheical festivals, it is only fair they should defray the cost of bringing the children up to town. In any case it is a charge that should, not fail on this department.—Johx Ahdemon, Traffic Manager. Correspondent Board of Advice No. 4;’Ballarat.” Charles Noonan, charged with having inde ceotly assaulted a child nnder twelve years of age, and whose case was heard in the Assizs Court on Friday, was again brought before the court on Saturday morning,■ when the judge summed up the evidence. The jury retired, and after a short deliberation returned with a verdict of not guilty. \- On Saturday morning two gentlemen driving along tha Gong Gong road past the reservoir noticed a thin stream of water - issuing from 'between the stones paving the bed of the by*' wash leading, at the side'opposite to the road, to the creek below- One of the two jumped out and walked to where they had seen the water running, and • found a jet about an inch , in diameter gushing from between the atones. Whether tha water came from the reservoir or not be could not aicer* tain, bat it is undoubtedly a matter, which demands immediate attention., ; \- A correspondent writes: —“As might have .been expected, this ia the result of the Minister of Land’s action in throwing open the forest of Bnllarook for selection. The land was-no sooner pegged out than the selectors went to the saw-mill owners and demanded eompanaation for all timber, taken off the land they had selected; in fact, wanted to levy black-mail on them. Several offered i to sell out to the sawmill pro prietora, who, incensed at thia> natural tout-, come of the latest ‘ radical’ injustice, refused ’to treat with them in’ any way. whatever. It has been stated; by Mr Wheeler that Mr.Richardson has lately had-100 acres of .this forest land transferred to him, whether with the object of .following up the',same line' of epndiict as' that paraued .by. tbe men in whose hands he baa placed the power to ruin eaw-miU owner* and ruinously increase the prise of:Mmber to --inltling; ebmp'aniea tiufx lot be asVreportsd, Mr Berty Kas turned- sqimiter it : !a nob'vqnlikelj !that:|bia fellow ’liberal ’ failing to ascend will 1 dmoeod, and become; a species of forest; ranger/ imposing-^tribute ?icn «IT|; who’=- i touch the timber , on ' what waa" mica tha Btate’ Forest, the’property of the people, but which is now like all State tetrads and Bail wej Deparlmefit MlloU, and the multitode of pickings in the State, tbs perquisite/of -. 1 -the great liberal party,’ the people's peculiar favourite, and-Jbe, enemy of all who dare to adCnffiaUte’‘oapiUl/” The first of a aerisa 61 evangelistic sddrqssSl was delivered on Buflday night by Mr Peter Brown,-Evangelist; in theDleciplef of . Christ Chapel; Peel street.’ Thera was a good attend ance, aild a practical discourse was delivered on the “ Converaioa of the. World.” . The preacher has a very earnest maOnof, end a forcible and original method of dealing with* his subjects. Coosidersble.interest waa mani fested ifl hts address. At the close of the ineeti -1 ing the eathe subject was announced to be eontfnned next Sunday. : John O’Shannasajf and George Sims,- charged with conspiring to defraud, were brotfght his Honor .Mr. Justice Stephen and a jury, iii the Anise Court,, on Saturday morn ing. 'Hr Gaunt appeared cm behalf of the accused O’Shaunassy, and Mr Fiulayeon on behalf of the accused Elms. Mr Adamson proseentad on behalf of the Crown. Several riitßesseg were beard, and the case was, late in the alterfioOn, adjourned for farther heat ing until this morning, ■ Thomas Qeraghty and Francis Bally Were lodged In the Town police cells on Saturday, ihafged With being Idle and disorderly persons, having no visible lawful means of snpport. Thoinas dacEsqtr Ond John ßj’aU W tie locksdnp on a charge! of having been guilty.of insnltjng behaviour.. Two persons Stented of having been drunk completed the list of ptiadfieri.- ' ’ . Jatfies ’ Newman, locomotive foreman, was on Saturday afternoon apprehended by Detec tive Bason on warrant for that, “ On the 2fith day of January, I§Bl, at BeOu/ort,- he did by certain neglect (to wit by neglecting to keep proper control o.f an engine and goods train, endanger the safety of certain persons on the Ballarat and Ararat railway.” Newman Was taken to the City lock-dp, where Ur T. H. Budden, J.P., attended, and remanded him to Beaufort Police Court on the 24th. Ac cuaedwaa theii liberated on bail, Samuel H. Parker was of) Saturday appre hended in the city on a charge of trespassing upon the premises of George Few. James Billis Was also arrested on a charge of naing obscene iangdage, add a drunken fellow named James Waishe had entered against him charges of drunkenness and. window- breaking at the premises of Ann Jobnaon and Samuel Ravage, okipton street, and separate charges of assault upon. drostefior Bloore and Thomas Lyons. William Horigan and Michael Kennedy stand charged with insulting behaviour . Mr and. Chamberlain, sen., of Rochester, father of Mr G. F. Chamberlain,- chemist, of the same town, and formerly of Main Street, died on Wednesday. The Rev. J. A. Stuart preached in the Lydiard street Presbyterian Church both in the forenoon and evening of Sunday.- The sermon in the early part of. tha day was preached from the words—“ They UofitiUbad steadfastly in the Apostle’s doctrine and feb lowship, and in breaking of bread and in prayers.” Tha text of the evening discourse is contained in the flOtb verse of the third chapter of Judges, Or God’s massage to the oppressor of his people—a dagger, and the crowded congregration must have left the church deeply impressed at the fervid elo quence, candid simplicity, and acute reasoning « the preacher.- We are-glad to understand that Steps are about to be taken to consider ably enlarge the Oharoh and to pat its oatward appearance in keeping With 1 the important locality where it staods. .On Sunday morning, at about half-past 2 o’clock, a man came from Warrenheip, and re ported to the police' that he had been garrotted and robbed of £l 16a under the following circumstances At ■ about 3 o’clock he met a stranger near Peel street, whom he asked to show him Where he could get a bed. The stranger accompanied him .up Sturt street to Crawford’s Corner, and turned into Armstrong street: When they got to the first right of way palt the Corner the man forced him into it, knocked him down, and robbed him of the money. The garrotter was a large-sized man With a big beard, and treated the complainant so roughly that he waa unable to get up and make hia way to the police office {or some time after the commission of the offence. In consequence of Miss M’Millan, late pupil teachtf of Eiireka street State school, 1071, having been promoted to be first assistant at State school, Invermaji, neat Dead Horae, the teachers and scholars determined not to allow the young lady to depart from amongst them without giving her soma memento showing their appreciation Of her abilities as a teacher, and recognising the unboilndad interest she has always taken in the weliare of tbe school With which she has long been connected. Accordingly a subscription .was started, and in a abort time sufficient funds were collected to present Mias M’Uillan with a handsome and massive locket and chain. The locket and chain are from the establishment of Mr A. Marks, late Flegeltaub, and the. former heart the following inscription:— 1 “To Mias M’Millan, from the teachers and scholars of the Eureka street State school. Ballarat, 14th February, 1881.” The presentation was made to tbe young lady on Saturday, at her private residence, in presence of about twenty scholars. The recipient fhanhed the donors for their handsome present, after which the company sat down to an excellent repast at (he invitation of the young lady,' and -this concluded a pleasant afternoon. Mr Brophy, M.L.A., on Wednesday (the Age ol Saturday reports) introduced a deputa tion from Ballarat to tbe Commissioner of Public Works, and requested that a grant of £6OO or £7OO be provided to assist the coun cil to complete the Caledonian channel, Mr LangrldgO promised to visit the locality next week. Ur James Baker, formerly warden's elerk.at Copeland, New South Wales, has been ap. pointed 'a poliee magistrate, and waaaworn in on Wednesday. Mr Baker is, we are given to understand, the gentleman Who formerly held a seat in the Ballarat Mining Board. On Saturday night the usual street preach ing scene occurred at the Galloway menu, meat, and tbe monument formed an excellent gallery for a number of tbe spectators. ' George Richards, a notorious thief, who. had only recently left tha gaol, was apprehended in Main attest on Friday night by Constable Lougbnan, on suspicion of having stolen two dresses, which he waa carrying in a handle. It Was discovered that one of the dressss-had been stolen from the Scotchman’s hotel, Durham street. An owner ia required for the other. Accused will be brought before the magistrates to-day, A meeting of the committee of the Residence Area Holders’ Association was held on Satur-, day evening, at the Buck’s' Head hotel, Mr John Hunt (the president) occupying tha chair. Tbe principal business of tbe meeting was the appointment of a deputation to proceed .to Melbourne to interview the Chief Secretary, Attorney General, and Ministers of Lands and Mines, re the objects of the association, as suggested by Major Smith at the last general meeting. After a lengthy discussion tha fol . Wing deputation was appointed :—Messrs Hunt (president}, Fisher (vice-president), Roberts, Summers, and Hayes (secretary). The advisability of strengthening the deputation with outside assistance waa discussed, and it was resolved to leave this matter in the' hands of tha gentlemen already appointed: It was decided that, if convenient for Ministers, the hearing of the deputation bo fixed for Wednes day week, 2nd March. It was resolved that general meetings of the Association be held on the second Saturday in each month. A nnmber of new members were enrolled, making a total of 130 to date, and hopes were expressed that this nnmber wonld be largely added to during the ensuing week. ”, „ A. Mongolian name! Chnng Ong, working at No. 3 Reform mine, Hadden, died very sud denly on Saturday morning last. Deceased was seen outside his dwelling at about 7 o’clock p.m., and should have gone to work at 8 He was discovered shortly afterwards by one of his countrymen in his hat dead, who reported the occurrence to the police. On the 20th instant Mr James Buchanan, J.p held a magisterial enquiry touching Chung Ong’a natinn Df fh rd t“j mad */ fod-mortem exami f° r ■ 6Ter . al . “oaths, hut hod been able to WoA faata’4 flnd?n» P w M ond W last. The magia mX fi So„r ,n T rdan ° e A deputation from the Boards of ..H riS otWh,!i?' W 1 to . 1,bt,5 “ reduction 1 Ure * ° J efwunion train to the Exhibition, ’■The deputation pointed out that the distnets they represented were scattered, and that toe Aiitanoto a very large proportion of the children far* to travel to reach a railway station lima from si± to fifteen miles, and they would Shave to pay for so doings ’ Major Smithstated he had been endeavouring for some tune to obtain such a concession from the Minister oi Railways bat_fq«nd it. ho woald mako’aoother effort/and ho advised the’deputatioti to corns, down - to ‘Melbouroe, and themselves represent the matter to Mr Patterson/--- • It is reported that the Messrs Holloway have entered upon a lease of the Academy of Music,- Whleh. wiil ba opened -early in March with an efficient o’ertnpany, ineladipg the Miiaes Alice and Constance Ueofwyn'. '' : ... ,:A -gentleman .who recently complained to ns that he had : beita challenged at the Western railway station on the score, of . a young lady With whom ho was travelling being under age, stated 'tfiat ilia porter who had refused to pass the girl as under twelve years was the head porter. This office ia held by Mr Martin, who was not present on the occasion/and conse quently the complaint does not refer td Wm. A good bargain waa mads-by ths’ owner of the Nelson/ a- Warrnsmbqol. steamer, during a recent passage. Whilst on her way to Mel bourne she overtook the Albatross towing tbo Hereford, but owing lo tho injuries to tho latter she would, not steer well,- and was drift ing to the southward. Captain. Bmith, ol the Nelson,’agreed to tow . astern of the ship to keep her straight. The Hereford was safely taken inside to the Heads; and the owners of the Nelson received £2OO for the service per formed.: . ’’ According for.{he manager for Government asylums in Ifow South Wales/ It is a notice able feature io the management of all the ssylums that they are under the immediate Control of matrons, and : that the old people, both men and women, are peculiarly amenable to fetnhnoe discipline. „ the ceremony of fbe reception of three young ladies as novices St the Convent of Mercy, Tass (the Albury Banner* states), took place on tha Bth inat. The Very Rev. 3. Dunne, of Albury, was tho celebrant. Tho ladies received Were Miss Tray nor, daughter of Mr Tiraynor, of Urana, Miss Mullahy and Miss Hickey. An eloquent address was delivered on the occasion by the celebrant from the text Qo sell all thou hast and give to the poor, and thou ahalt have treasure in Heaven.” “ Little Mirams” is oh tho war path. Says Saturday’s TarrangaWer Times'.— “That very prominent and indefatigable member of Parlia. meat, Mr Mirams, arrived on Maldon last even ing, and was escorted to tha Criterion hotel by that sturdy local Ministerialist, Mr Short.” We learn from.the Timii Ifest the Gippsland polloe on Friday received a teltfgraiS from MorW’elithat Mary Sillcock, aged three pears and three months, daughter of John Sillcoik, farmer, Hazelwood, bad been accidentally burnt to death by her clothes catching fire in tbs kitchen on the 16 th inst. The child lingered from .1 p.m. to 10.30 p.m. No ihedical gentleman’s attendance could be obtained. The P.d. Neat states that {here is little doubt the miner Thus. Steele, found in the street at Sydney, and who has sines died, is Mr Thomas Steele, who was for So long a time a resident of Stawell, and who held a consider able interest ih the Orients! mine. The inspectors' reports which have been issued from , the Education Department (the Hamilton Spectator's correspondent Bays) supply a useful key to the education report published some’ time ago, : Among other in teresting oitems I find that "one-fifth of the btiad teachers employed by the department, and throe-fohrtbs of the assistant teachers/ are females, and that it is proposed to increase the number, owing, as it is’ stated, to the fact that females-haVe proved themselves mote successful'in. this particular profession than males.' - . The Lynch family of bellringers will, we hear, shortly visit Ballarat. j The Rev. Robinson Thornton,. D.D., vicar of St. John’s, Nutting Hill, and brother of the Bishop’ of Ballarat, has been appointed Boyle Lecturer, in succession _to the Rev.. Dr .Mac lean » • ■ The “Stray Leaves ” Company are again performing-at Hamilton. ' : A novel industry is being started at Marl byrnong, near Melbourne, in the shape of an extensive establishment for poultry raising by! means of artificial incubation. The projector: ia (the Melbourne correspondent of the! Hamilton Spectator- states) proceeding on a most extensive scale, and states that tha in dustry is a thoroughly established one in the : vicinity of London, Paris, and other leading cities of Europe. - -’ The Hereford now lies at Sandridge; on- the mud bank, not a great deal the worse for her misadventure. The purchase of the vessel at £8506 proved a grand speculation for the pur chasers, Messrs Blytb and Cos., who secured enough cargo out of her to cover the coat of purchase and expense of getting her off, and who now have the ehip and 1400 tons of cargo in ifae lower hold as a gift. . Argus special telegrams announce the junc tion of the forces of Sir Evelyn Wood and Sic George Fomeroy-Colley. The Boers have re tired, and a battle is imminent. - The Argtts reveals an extraordinary! condi tion of affairs at Shepparton railway station. The department has neglected to provide truck accommodation, and 1500 bags of wheat lie at the station. What makes the position so serious is that there ia no covering, not even tarpaulins, for the grain lying at the Station, about £10,600 worth, which, in the event of a thunderstorm occurring, would be de stroyed. , \- The Qrund Lodge of Victoria, L0.0.F., has been sitting at Echuca for the transaction of the business of the order. A ballot as to where the next Grand Lodge shall 1 be held re. suited in Ballarat being chosen, . Mr Graham Berry has been remarkably suc cessful in mining ventures. It is stated (by the Colac B-former) that in one instance lately •he received an allotment of 1500 shares at fourteen pence per share. The shares . in that particular .company are now quoted at 24s to 255. r The following novel suggestion is by the Melbourne correspondent of tha Hamilton .Spectator. . He eaye;—“Cole’s Circus .is mop ping up money at aiish a irate as to suggest the Ides of a travelling show tax. It. has been mooted that a percentage ot tho profits ought jto be payable to the municipal bodies in the places visited. These big shows certainly take away a tremendous lot ot money and they spend very little.” Some dastardly incendiaries exist at Macar thur. The Hamilton ' Spectator publishes a telegram which says:—“ Bush-fires still con tinue, and it is estimated that ten square miles of country have been burnt. The fire is'said to have started in fifteen diffarent places at the same time, Messre, Hurst, Irving, and Hamil ton, Aitken and Cos., Wilson, Rodgers, Buch holz. Yoisey, Richardson, and others being sufferers.” ’. The third contingent of miners of Maldon consistiigof Messrs T. Halfpenny, J. Austin, J. Eddy, J. Callender, sen., and May, left the bay on Wednesday (reports the Tarrangowtr Tsmes), being passengers on board tho mail steamer. Rohilla, for’-Bombay; from thence they will find their way- to the gold -mines, under engagement through Mr T. Bray. They .are all married men,’ and have left their families in their snug cottages on Maldon. We believe miners are paid at the rate of £l6 per month. A young man named William R. Antob, aged twenty-three, one of the firm of Anson Bros., photographers, Hobart, was drowned at the baths there ou Tuesday. He was just p-gto make a dive off the springboard when he fell backwards and struck his head against a crossbeam, inflicting a severe wound at tho back of his ear,' He fell into the water, and his companion, George Schaedel, hotelkeeper, who was unable to swim, at once called for assistance, Ths keeper of the baths came, but instead of plunging in- to the rescue he re turned for a lifebuoy, which he threw to Mr Anson. Ths latter was, however, unable to catch it, and sank. His body was recovered five minutes afterwards, but ths efforts made to restore animation were unavailing. . While legislators are squabbling and palaver ing over motions for adjournment, and demon stratmg how much time can be wasted in carrying on what Carlyle has sarcastically termed the * hnaineaa of the nation” (remarks the Maryborough Standard), a few enterprising spirits in various, parts of the colony- are showing what amount of real tangible business can _ be done by private effort unaided by the Legislature. Notwithstanding that after a decade and a half of discussion Vo Mining on . T . . Property Act is on the statute book. mimDgmveetorapurauetheiravocation.develope the mineral resources of the colony: and give employment toa host of bread-wibnera. in spite .of the absence of those facilities which such a measure .as we. have referred to would/afford. Iq making these remarks we- more iespecially refer to those Ballarat gentlemen who have given such an impetus to mining in thi district by ..dtot.of \tear plucky speculation. Having taken °P tho g*°“nd comprised in the Kong Ueog lease, and speedily brought to light the richness' ot the lead, which for year, remained ontonclK °F Br ?^ lonß gentlemen are to b. ’ still further extended. Messrs Morey, Seljea' n . t > andLowen. stein having made s»t.‘"™ to 'y arrangement* withMc-Chalk, of CW*. bro °». tor an area of 1000 seres,, have ..now. fk« company to work the pound,, through which it ia coofi. dently believed the Kong v len ß lead rntu, ’ The Sldn'dardU sangnine of tb» ’ "enlts of the operations of these companies, °od says, “There has always existed a e<n.' Ben, aa oi opinion that the plains in the nefcbl ’onthood form the outlet of the numerous tends ’n the Creswick district, and the latest m/oing developments certainly justify the view hoi'i" , A terrible accident is reported in the drys,’ by telegram from Sydney:—“ Wm. a well-known yacht builder, while superintend ing the building of a yacht at Perry’s Fyrmont, tried to alter the position of a piece, of timber on tho eaw frame, and was caught, by the circular saw. His right heel, left leg,, and arm were cut off, and he died while being conveyed to the infirmary.” Mrs Bayertz, the lady preacher so well known in Ballarat, is conducting services in Launceston. . Two additional telegraph linea are to be con structed between Hew South Wales and South Australia. The political constable, _ Moran, who has rendered himself so notorious in connection with bis interference in election matlera at the late Ministerial election at Creswick, has (tho dunes Guardian states) been transferred to Melbourne, whither ho is ordered to proceed on Monday morning, an.i report himself at Russell street station. Mr Hepburn, one of the Ea'.’Wstion inapec. tors, narrates to the .Qippsland the following incident, which cccurreo ia one of our State schools in Gippsland;—A boy .reading— “The curfew, tolls the kne.'l of parting day.” Teacher —“Now, my boy, c'tt you tell me what a curfew is V Boy—“ No, air.” Teacher—" Can none of you tell me!" Omnes—“No, air.” Teacher—“ Well, then, listen. A curfew is a bird with a long bill and long tail, and many a one I have shot in the bogs of Ireland.” He had a “ curlew” in his intelligent mind's eye. Miss Abrams, a Sydney lady who sang at some of the Exhibition concerts there under Signor Qiorza’a direction in 1879, is making a name for herself in America as a singer, being known as Miss Clara de Vere. She ia expected to leave with an opera company for the colophs in March. Mr Munro, of the Bank of Australasia, Moe, whose name will ever be remembered in con nection with the attempt to rob that bank, has (the Gippsland Times states) been promoted lo the charge of the Traralgon branch of the esma bank. .. A New South Wales paper states that one twontlclh of a share in No. 14 North Phoenix Gold Mine, at Qy.mpie, has been sold for £14,000. A terrible fire (the TaTrangower Times re. porta) occurred at Mr Stow.urt a farm, neat’ Newatead, on Wednesday afternoon, caused by sparks from a threshing machine. Ti? destruc tion of crop and property is oaloulateo to be equal td£looo in value.' Unfortunately .at Stewart ia uninsured. Protectionists often (remarks the Oippsbai Times) quota the boot factories as spheres of employment, provided by protection for the rising generation. The following illustrative case came btfora the City bench on Monday. James Clayton, a boot manufacturer, applied to cancel the indentures of an apprentice named Q. W. Brown, on the pound that he neglected his work and exhibited a morose temper, - The defendant, about eighteen yean of age, said he was quite agreeable; bewaa paid only 2a fid a week, and often had .to work from 8 a.m. until after midnight. MV Qdl cancelled the indentures, remarking that, ia bis opinion, the lad's hours hod been very long, and bis work very heavy. Mr Clayton ia no doubt a protectionist of tho first water. The United States Government have (ac cording to a cable message in the Aye) decided to strictly enforce the Federal laws against the illegal practices which are maintained by the Mormons' in Utah. Proceeding? have been taken against a son of Brigham Tosng, the de ceased prophet, and he has been indicted at Salt Lake for bigamy.. About 450 hovels have been condemned by ■the Sydney City Corporation, and ordered to be removed, ■ A Sydney telegram in the Age reports that Jameo Brown, a shanty keeper, near Banker Creek, refusing to surrender to Sergeant Prior on a warrant charging him w'tb assault and robbery, the latter pursued hitn for several miles, and at lust fired, the shot killing his horse. The accused was then arretted and brought to Wilcannia, • A blackboy, employed by Mr W. Shepherd, was strangled by blacks near Blackall r ,D Queensland. The JBiverine Herald states the police at Echuca have arrested a man named Alfred Lipscombs for stealing jewellery from tha Murray Bridge hotel to the value of £lOO. The landlord (Mr Thompson) was away in Ballarat, and left Lipscombs in charge of the hotel The latter left, taking with him a box containing jewellery and money. The jewellery consisted of gold rings, brooches, chains, watch, Ac. The man admitted taking the box. A pseudo French count, who obtained tke enlrtc to Government-house but was subaa quentfy discovered to be an impostor, has been remanded by -the, Melbourne magistrates on various charges of forgery and falae pre tences. ’ - The Herald state* that Graf Thun, the Governor of the Archduchy of Salzburg, will leave Melbourne by the £rat steamer for Europe. '" Advocate state* taking the crops as a whole in its district, has been a very fair average one. At R- ,c *~v Creek several crops have been hardly wpt cutting, ■ while at Stockyard Hill there tft' several farms where the yields were splendid- The fruit crop is a failure generally throughout the district, stone fruit especially. The gnpd crop promises to be an abundant one. . - According to the. Qeelong Advertiser t it i® said that Mr George Collins Levey will resign pro iem. the secretaryship of the Melbourne Exhibition, in order to devote bis attention to the heavy duties that will devolve upon him » a member of the Police Board. The mail coach to Temora (reports an Age . telegram) bad a narrow escape from a burning tree falling. The coachman saw the tree vu falling before he approached, but it was nn* possible to pull up, and he galloped the horses The tree fell a couple of yards behind. Tk* ceach was loaded with. passengers, who w*** greatly terrified. We learn from the Advertiser that Cornelia* Galvin, the victim of the extraordinary dent at Perrlcoota, has been conveyed to toe Bendigo Hospital. When admitted he was found to he suffering from two most Mf®** wounds or “ sloughs ” on the upper ankle* 1& is possible the foot will have to be tated. It is announced (hat an International Kau* way Exhibition will be held in the year 1883 in Germany. One of the largest termini in Germany, in Lehrte Province, Hanover, b® been selected for that purpose. In the exhiW' tion will be shown all the materials aecewiff for the making of the different railways, hie* wise all the signal apparatus, the electric twj grapba used, the locomotives, the cranes, » Q ® all other machinery and instruments pertaining to railways. The . manifesto :of the South Australia® Premier elicited favourable comment in ney in mercantile circles, as being outspAs® and Statesmanlike.: . It is Mr Patterson’s intention to call m tenders for the line from Benalla to I** Rowan at once, . The Aye understands that an effort is made to erect a Cairns Memorial Church remembrance of the deceased divine, who one of the earliest and most earnest cneohe of the Presbyterian Church In the colony. The annual convention in connection with Independent Order of Good Templars ot l district will take. place at the Orchestral ** » Doretoo street, at 8 o’cloek to-night. il ß ® are requested to be present. . / rt pthe ; Competitors are reminded that entries St. Patrick’s Day Pete will close on Friday ing, 25th’instant: the programme forwnic «r pears elsewhere. * ■ „ _}!! Tho St. Patrick’s Day Fete Com®itlfl meet on Tuesday evening, when it l * PB * to push forward the the ®o - characteristic of the committee. . We have to remind our readers that in■ to a special request there will be another formance of “ H.M.S. Pinafore * ta-mgbt, o Academy of Music. The management n» duced the tariff for to-night as follows:-* circle, 3s; stalls, 2s; pit, Is; in order th °r ® one may have an opportunity of wifcnep one of the moat successful amateur ever given in Ballarat; and as a full . n nj expected, those intending to be present . wall to .ga -early. Any person huy^S. * tte d issued for the first three nights will he ad ou presenting same at the doors. 