_• The total yield of the taxes^m idfaS id New I SouthWalea last yearwaa£1,417,293. , .L The entriotinthe Bathorat Juvenlie'Eahibi-I tfonnumberover3,600.":•- ' '' '^oopjngoonglirfnd faumpa are etill previ-' lent at Bydal, N. 8. Wales. ' • : - ; v Miss Cany. Nelson and 'Miss Ada !wad haye ! arrived in Melbourne. Measles isprevalent'iriKerarig'iV.) arid'the surrounding district,7 and the'public7 aehoola there hate beeniclowdia ofaBeqaa'nce; * Scarlatina has made its appeafiance, .and' ia spreading at Bttylheadale,,ViotWa.' .;' ? • i .t a 8?'° 'bnd at Batiurat riomb allotments > JJl, ?J? oQ^itre of the city roalised an average of £6.16a. 7d. per foot; - K Bushfires'&ave; lately caused considerable I Zealand ProPerl7' in abveral parta of New ,.®a Oott® and SymonB, ohnrged -with embez zling over £8,000 ,from Messrs. Kronheimer and Co., have been arreated'iri Tasmania..: ' .^r< Maccabe, the' well-known ''ven triloquist, is delighting Melbourne audiences ,. hls_ humorous monologue eritortaininerit called" Begone Dull 0aro," 7- - . ■ An official report, has been recait'ed in Mel bourne from .the British Consul at Batavia to. tne effect that oholera had made ate appearance. ;; Iho twenty-first annual session of the Bap tiat Association of Victoria was oommcncod on hovomber 1. The Rev. Mr. 1 Kyngdon do livered tbo opening addreae, and advocated the adoption in ail churches of-riggreaaive Christian i work in grappling; with such enemies as drun kenneas and social evila. Mary Henry, a female toper in Otago fN.Z )i: who was. brought before iho local Police Court' tho pther day for the 22nd time,'gave a very novel reason fof'not being sent to gaol.;. She pleaded that " she was always Bent'dowu to that gaol, aod.it waa.ruiDiag.her.heaUh'alto gather." • ; • • •• • - Tha Minister of Railways, in reply to a depu tation: of railway employea, ^romiaed to ihtro dfloe a bilMor the eatabHehmont of acompeaai*; tion fond *in connection withtha department, on the same principle as "the police eaperannua tion fond. * The ; QoTernmeht- Hife aet ahart a eum as the basis of the fund— Mlvor,1 the well-known lecturer' on agricul > chemistry/ has recdrtd 'letter ' from Profeeeor Hallayr the; cdehrated > adenttat in Iiondon, stating that he had!flnidied aTwork on the > crystalitationdf carbon,and wbnldshortly Wow the' Boyal'Sbcletrof Ion* don, showing hoiv; diamonds ' oari be ' made easily, Cheaply, and certainly. " ' """ ' " A few days, back- a man named Jamet M'Phetson narrowly . escaped being craabed tc death at Emerald Hill (V.) > He was alighting from a carriage and missed hie '.footing wher tho traim started. M'Pherson, who. was ex. Heated with difficulty, had eeveral ribs broken, and sustained other injuries. A yoririg man named George: Buck, a forme residing at Templeatbue (V), waa driving i cart along Johnston-street oh the 29 th ultimo wben, the horse was frightened by childrei filing orackers and bolted., Briok waa" throwi .orit .'and,"and'th'e wheel phasing over his head hi tu kffied instantly. A New Zealand paper Bays that the Labon League of Timarn addressed a oommunieatioi to the . Queensland Government asking wha inducements would be offered. by them t people to oome from that town to Queensland They received an nnfavonrahie reply—just sue an answer as might be expeoted from Sir Arthu Palmer, i , A Mrs. Ferguson was brought up before the Benoh at the Central Polioe Court, Sydriey, tho other day, and found guilty of assaulting her liege lord with a tumbler, for which offence she was finod 9s.,10d; ; Turning round to hot his-' band she asked, in sweet acocnte, "Will yon pay it, dear ? " But he,didn't.. .That good, office was performed by; one of lbs magistrates —Mr. Fletcher, H.LJL ■ In an action. Smith v. the Mayor and Conn oillors of Emerald Hill (V.;, plaintiff, a widow, sued on behalf of herself and child for damages. • Her huaband was drowned during the flood of September, 1880, • whilst driving a bntoher's cart, by the horse stopping into a deep excava tion in tho flooded street.'-. The jury gave a verdict for £1,000 for the widow and £300 for tho ohild. : |Ths Chriatchurch Industrial Association have refused, to support Messrs. Jcubert and Twopenny's proposed industrial exhibition, on the ground that thoir association being formed for the fostoring arid encouragement of native industries and . productions, cannot assist or snpport any. exhibition of products which do not como within t7,o objects of the association. 