WILLIAMS RIVER, January 17. After a long spell we have been happily awakened from a lethargic state by the festivities of the 12th instant, on which date a bazaar and cricket match, with other ' sports, were held. I am happy to say the former, which was in aid of the Williams Church Building Fund, realised the most sanguine expectations of its promoters, and was in every way a decided success, the total receipts slightly exceeding £60, and after deducting necessary expenses there will remain a clear credit balance of over .£50 — a very satisfactory addition to the fund. The ladies ot the committee who kindly took part in tbe arrangements, namely, Mrs. Charles Hamersley, Mrs. J. C. KoeseQoty. Mrs. O'N«iL Mrs. Piesse, Mrs. Patten, Mrs. Kenworthy, Mrs. Bingham, Misses Pollard, and Miss Withers, deserve the greatest praise, having to contend, as they had, against many difficulties, which only their indomitable energy oould have surmounted. This being the first effort of the kind in the district, there were grave doubts in the minds of many, chiefly outsiders, as to whether it would, pay expenses — a bazaar at the Williams being considered a novelty ; and, bv many who knew the place as loui? back as ten, or even five years ago, an absurdity. Many friends in other parts of the colony have imperfect notions of this district in general ; but they must not forget that if they have made such progress in the social scale, they should make due allowance for our advancement also. We hope in time to retrieve our character and be classed with more civilized communities ; but on the whole I think that our shortcomings are, after all, somewhat exaggerated. The most critical observer could not find fault with the well-behaved and respectably dressed assemblage who met together at our sports the other day, there being over 300 persons present, which is a compara tively large number for so scattered a dis trict. The bazaar was held in a room of Mr. Cornwall's mill, kindly lent for the occasion. In conjequeitce of there being no. land available for building we are not so fortunate as other communities, in possess ing a room wherein to hold gatherings of a similar nature. Having no defined town site here, nor indeed having any available land for one, is a very great drawback to our advancement ; still we look forward to having ourselves gratified in this respect before long. We must, therefore, prepare ourselves to make sacrifices. — I must not pass over the cricket match without a few remarks. The match was a contest be tween the Bushmen's and Williams Clubs; the former being victorious, beating their opponents, with nine wickets to spare. Nevertheless the Williams Club played fairly.,, considering the limited practice they have had, and having been only recently organised by Mr. C. A. Piesee, their cap tain ; Mr. Hoops, the captain of the Bush men, is a veteran at cricket, having been for years in the York Club, and of course has trained his men to a greater proficiency in wielding the willow. At the termination of the game the two Elevens partook of a substantial dinner, prepared by Mr. Corn wall at his hotel. — I was much pleased in observing the friendly spirit (we are con sidered quarrelsome) which prevailed throughout the day, and hope this will be the forerunner of many more gatherings of a similar nature, which will tend to pro mote our welfare by bringing together many who otherwise would remain in their present isolated positions. — The weather during the last week has been remarkably cool for the middle of summer. — Bush-fires are not nearly so frequent as last year. 