MELBOURNE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Monday. Another spasmodic effort has been made by the police to suppress those great gambling transactions commonly called "sweeps and last week two promoters of these sweeps were fined £20 and £6 Gs costs : but as the annual profit on these great gambling affairs is very; large, the fine is a mere flea-bite, and will only encourage these men to go on. Yon would scarcely credit the enormous amount of money which every year is invested in tlie Cup, Champion and other sweeps. One man is said to hold every; year close upon £100,000, and the smaller fry get together proportionately large amounts ; and I don't suppose I should be far out if I stated that not less than £250,000 is subscribed every year by the public. Ten per cent, of this amount goes straight into the pockets of the promoters, and the balance is supposed to be distributed amongst the holders of lucky tickets ; but. I don't believe that one-half of the amount over leaves the hands of the promoters. The drawing of tickets is conducted in- private, with the utmost secrecy. The promoters, although well known, yet conduct all their business under an assumed name and in an imaginary place ; and there can be no doubt but that the whole thing is a gigantic swindle which ought to be suppressed. Racing, originally started as an innocent and pleasurable amusement, has developed itself into a system for the promotion and encourage ment of betting, gambling, drinking, swindling, Ac. It may be safely asserted that every year in Victoria not less than one million sterling changes hands over the various racing events of the year, and yet this vast sum of money does, no- one any good. It helps to demoralise the public. It ruins the reputation and character of hundreds of the youths of both sexes. If the curtain could only be drawn aside and the results seen, respect able people would stand aghast. I could myself fill columns of your journal with records of circumstances which have come under my own personal notice, which u-TMilP »iefnr>ol'» fl>o nnWlA fltlfl FVH1QA them to come to the same conclusion that I have, that if racing in every shape and form were abolished, it-would be a bless ing to society, and Possibly result in tho moral advancement of our people gene rally. The Interco> SYl;aj Conference "ha3 been . holding its Sittings in Sydney during the last week. I certainly cannot see that any practical result is likely to follow these meetings ; and I have so little faith in the representatives from Victoria as to assert that no good of any kind will result to this colony. Another conference has also met during the week. I allude to the Wesleyan Con ference. The Rev. George Daniel, of Launceston, has been elected President. I have no personal knowledge of this gen tleman ; but I have heard it stated that, his gifts and abilities eminently qualify him for the high position he holds. Next week I. hope to be able to give you some information of the progress of Wes- leyanism in Victoria. Next May repre sentatives of all the various oolonitd Wesleyan Conferences will hold a meet ing in Adelaide. I think I am correct in saying that the whole of the Australian Wesleyan Conferences meet together every four years ; so I suppose Adelaide will ha4Tis all the elite of Wesleyan minis ters in her midst next May. During the oast week we haxre lo3t by death a popular citizen and legislator, in the person of Mr A. K. Smith, M.P. for East Melbourne. He has been ailing for some time, and although his death was not unexpected, yet his loss is not tho less deplored. He was Mayor of Melbourne for twelve months, and has been in Pari i a ment for some years. He also held a very high position as a Freemason. He died on Monday last, and was buried with full Masonic honors. By his death a seat is vacant in the House, and of course numerous candidates are in the field ; amongst others, Messrs G. Coppir, F. Walsh and Willie Gannson. It is too early to predict results, but it is to be hoped that the Berryite will not win the seat. brief notes. Extensive bush-fires have been raging near Geelong and Ballarat. Mr R. S. Smytlie has returned to Melbourne. No less than 450, COO gallons of water are daily wasted at the Exhibition. Dr Thomas has been dismissed from his post in the Melbourne Hospital, and Dr Woinarski has resigned. Counterfeit half-crowns are in circulation. The Rev. Thomas James has resigned the pastorate of Oxford-street Independent Church. 