j COUNTRY NEWS. ~" [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (FROM OUR OWN COnnESrONDENIS,) COLAC, TUESDAY. Great bush-fires have been burning al! day in the forest in the neighbourhood of the south and east of Colac. The whole country between Gerangamete and Murroon is full of fires. Yesterday fires broke out at a paddock known as Moylan's, at Yeo and burned a quantity of division fencing on tho properties of Messrs. Rands Lawlor, and others. This fire was not ex- tinguished until this morning, and just before it was got under a fire broke out in the pad dock of Mr Kettle, near the township of Birregurra, and it is still burning. Fires are also still burning on tho Loutit Bay track. A fire occurred at Mr. Armytage a property jesterday, and did much damage on the property of Messrs. Keating, Barr, and others. Another fire broke out on tho Mount Pleasant estate, and burned 800 acres of grass on the adjoining estate of Mr J. I. Strachan at Mount Gellibrand The fire in the forest will not be hurtful unless they spread. Those on the grass lands have chiefly damaged fencing, as the grass was short. The rabbits have been found roasted in some places. So many fires have not been seen at one time in this district for several years. Severall of them are undoubtedly caused by incendiaries The weather has been very hot, the thermometer standing at 93 in the shade in this township, which is protected from the north wind by the lake MAR_ BOROUGH, TUESDAY. The diamond drill purchased by Walla and party for teBting the land between Bristol hill and Chinaman's fiat will be brought to Maryborough, under the charge of an ex- perienced man, ns soon as tho formalities in connexion with the granting of the lease are concluded. MOltTLAKE, TUESDAY. A fire occurred yesterday on the farm of Mr D Munro, in the parish of Toorak, which resulted in the loss of some stacks of straw and ha) Somo outbuildings were also destroyed, andhiB house and sheep narrowly escaped. Serious bush fires have been burn- ing in the Caramut neighbourhood, particu- larly on the Laurenn) estate The Rev. Mr Alexander, formerly of Bright, waB yeBterday inducted as Presbyterian minister of the Mortlake, Hexham, and Woorndoo united charge. SANDHURST, T.ESDVY. Dr Charles J Trood, formerly resident Burgeon and ph)8ician to the Melbourne Hospital, was this evening elected senior medical officer to the local friendly society dispensary, lhere were five applications for the post No applications were received for the position of the junior medical officer. 