On Wednesday last some of the most serious bush-fires which have been known in this <and the neighboring district for many years past occurred; and there is, unfortunately for the community, too much reason to believe that our railways were the cause of the disasters. The evidence is veiy strong that the sparks from the locomotives, travelling on the Ballarat to Geelong, and Ballarat to Ararat lines, set fire to the grass, so many hundreds of acres of which were subsequently destroyed, as also that the engines thus caused the destruction of the households and other property that followed. This is a very serious matter, not only* for -the people, whose property has suffered all tJiig damage; .but it is also a serious matter for the community, since it is roughly estimated that £20,000 will be required to repair the destruction done; and, of course, the Railway department -will have to find this money, or whatever the amount may be, to compensate the sufferers for their losses. This is not by any means the first time that the same catastrophe has occurred from travelling locomotives. Not so long ago a similar scene of terror and havoc was caused in t&e; sainq way on the Gippsland line; and minor occurrences of the same sort have not infrequently happlened onother lines, all involving the department in the payment of anything but a small amount of money to cover the injury done by these mishaps. Clearly something must be done to put an end to these occurrences; or the cost to the country by these fires will amount to something enormous. There is no preventing people growing grass and crops so near to the . railway lines as to be within reach of the flying sparks which .our locomotives disgorge, because the land is their own property; and neither the State nor anybody else can, therefore, say how they shall use it. Nor can the State buy up so much of the land on both sides of all the lines, as are reached by these sparks, partly because it would cost too much money to do this, and partly because no useful purpose would beserved by the expenditure. The grass would still grow up to' the lines; and sparks falling upon it would carry destruction into the lands beyond, although the intervening area belonged to the department. Anything done in the way of purchasing more land along the railway routes would, therefore, be as wasteful a proceeding as it would be useless. At the same time, people who have settled in the midst of all this danger, or who were settled there before the lines were .made, are not to be subjected every summer to risks of this kind. They are certainly entitled to be preserved from dangers of this sort, just die same as they are entitled to be protected from larceny " and murder. What is to be done then to put an end to these -fires 1—for that something must be done to attain this end, no one will have the indifference or heartlessness to question. It must be done in the interest of the settlers themselves; and it must also be done in the interest of the general community. There seems nothing for it but; to fit all our locomotives with spark- catchers; for in no other way, that we can see, is it possible to deal at all effectively with this trouble. Such precautious against dangers of the kind which occurred last Wednesday are freely .used in Europe, America, and India. The same precautions must be applied here; and the only wonder is that our railways have been allowed to exist so long without this safeguard having been provided. The cost to the community, and the inconvenience and misery of the sufferers, by these fires are of a most serious character; and, without a remedy, both are bound to increase as the lines extend. .The necessity, therefore, of making our engines incapable of inflicting all this mischief is so clear and complete that no time should be lost in providing them with what will effect this purpose. There is Veally no other way by which this mischief can be stopped; and it will certainly show lamentable neglect on the part of the department if tiie only remedy that can be used is not supplied. The case is- clearly one of a most urgent kind; and the best and immediate efforts of the department should, therefore, be applied to put a istop 2 to the evil. . IT is understood that the MOKAN Board held, a meeting yesterdays and came to the conclusion that they could not vary the verdict which they gave the other day; the details of which have already appeared in these columns. The verdicfy briefly explained,' is 'that there was . no evidence to show that Mr COOPER, M.LA., had bargained with the priests for the Catholic vote, or that Constable MORAN had rightly understood Father FENNEI.Y'S remarks; so (hat the verdict may be roundly stated to have resolved itself into a case of want of proof of the charge which caused the -board to be appointed. -This verdict was referred back to the board by Mr BERRY, on the ground that it conflicted with the evidence; and the (object of the meeting yesterday was to see what was to be done to deal with the atter under this new aspect. Hie W result was, as wp iave said above, to leave the matter os it originally stood, or, ill other words, to determine -(that the verdict could not be. altered. We do not see how any other result could have been expected; and we are quite sure, on mature reflection, that no person will regret more the action that has been taken in this case thanMr BERET. The board consisted of Mr THOMSON, P.M., and Mr MACAW, J.P.; and two. more straightforward or painstaking men could not have been selected for such an investigation. To challenge the verdict of such a board was, therefore, a mistake, because .only one of two results could ensue. Either the board would alter their verdict, which would have exposed them to general contempt, or they would decline to vary their, verdict, as they have done, in which case the step taken by Mr BEBBT would have proved so be gratuitous, and, we must also add, somewhat offensive. The board have determined to maintain the ruling which they delivered, after a most laborious and exhaustive enquiry; and we really do not see how they could, with any dignity to themselves, have come to any other decision. Without- entering upon the merits of the case, which all who have read tlje evidence must admit to be of a very mystifying and discouraging character, not anything is clearer to us than that once aboard has been appointed, and has done its work with care and judgment, its rnling should not be impugned. On the contrary, no matter who it pleases, or the reverse, that decision should be respected, otherwise, all confidence in such investigations would speedily end, and nobody could be surprised at its termination. A mistake was, therefore, committed in referring the report of the MORAS Board back; and we think there is good reason' to regret that any such step was taken. It has pleased the Argus to say that Messrs THOMSON" and MACAW would rather, if they could have done it deoently,'found against Mr COOPER than ruled in any way that can be construed into a verdict in his behalf. But a more foul aspersion upon twoTionorable men could not well have and MACAW are the last men in the country to do anything that would warrant such a mean and dirty slander. As a matter of fact, Mr BERRY could not have made a better choice to deal out fair play to all in this curious affair; and it is only to be regretted that he did -not at once accept the verdict of the board when it was. delivered. Thia would have been the right course. to have pursued; and "we have no doubt whatever that some days before this, Mr BERRY has come to the sane opinion. 