) News and Notes. ( St. Geotiok's Hall. — Friday eve- ).. niug next iaannounced to be a grand- k " Leo " Conundrum Night at the above r hall, in connection with the Fakir of ) Ooln's porfonnaDces. Anyone is at y liberty to send in original conundrums ' on that occasion, tbe person who sends ) tho best con. to receive a handsome \ oleograph picture, in frame. There is also to be n prir.e for the worst one. ' Mr W. 11. Furlong notifies that ) be has removed his music studio to those hnndsome premises situate near ' Rnssell-sireet in Latiobe-street, where ) there is a large hall and every con venience for students of the vocal ' art, I Amebican Waltham Watches were awarded the Only Two First l Prizes at the Melbourne International i Exhibition, 1880-1, being higher awards than any other Exhibitor of 1 Watches received, i The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d,; Tea Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, opposite Waxworks, We feel it our duty to call attention to the New Davis Vertical Feed 1 Sewing Machine, which has carried t off the only first -prize at the Mel bourne International Exhibition. Some of the competitors, however, were not satisfied with the awards, and protested. The Experts, how- fiVfVT. iinViP.Tri flip Honioinn onrl outt& the first prize for their Family Ma chine and the same for Hand. Messrs ' W. F, Dixon and Co., of 87 Elizabeth street, are the sole agents, and in tending purchasers and those interest ed would do well to call and inspect these singularly-successful machines. We have received from Mr P. G. Dixon samples of soda water made from water specially brought from , Mount Macedcn. The sodawater is excellent, and is of course free from ' that nauseating taste so olearly dia- cernable in sodawater or other cordials made from the filthy Yan Yean. We ; have also received from Mr Dixon a sample of the Mount Mncedon water, which it is quite a treat to drink, after , having, for some time to put up with . the 'beastly stuff supplied by the ' Publije Works Department. Gem PoRTRAlTS.-LTho young lady , who, while out sketching near Lome, was burned to death by a bushfire, has since been identified through a gem portrait being found amongst the remnants. 'Mr Edelsten, the pro- 'prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- street east, opposite Age Office, has ' since recognised the portrait as one that was taken at his studio about a month ago. We have received a sample of a new non-alcohic beverage, entitled "Vigorene," from Mr E. Rowlands, cordial manufacturer. It is a pleasant , sparkling drink, ' and is highly re commended by Mr Johnson, Govern ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph Flude, superintendent of laboratories, a's' being a pure, wholesome beverage. ' It should prove a very desideratum to the teetotal community especially; The attention of our lady readers is directed to! ah annbiincement iu our advertising columns "that kilting and quilting in all kinds of materials is done by 'the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. They are also desired to inspect some of the most improved kilting: machines, which are on sale at the same depot. Matrimony. — Never were such great advantages held out to young people te marry as the present. A comfortable house may be furnished for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon Mr Henry Marks, of -186 Elizabeth street, who will arrange with you to pay him s.iy five shillings per week out of your earnings, and he will give you in return whatever furniture you require to build up a home Why delay 7 Go and see Mr H. Marks and get married at once. Attention is directed to the pros pectus of Bridges' art-union, 'published elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis tribution of prizes, from £1000 down to £20 in value. Speculators cannot do better than invest in this legitimate affair A Fortune for Ten Shillings.— We would direct the attention of our readers, to the valuable pr:zes offered by the Sandhurst Masonic Art Union, the drawing for which is positively fixed for the 31st inst, The published list of gentlemen who have kindly consented to superintend the drawing is a sufficient guarantee . to. the pubji -v v- . - -- I. I that everything will, be carried out on the groat Masonic Principle — "on the square." To those who believe in the old proverb — Nothing venture no thing have — should lose no time in i ecuring their tickets, which may be had at the office, next Royal Mail Hotel, Bourke-street east, Mr Burhank, Dentist, 99 Swanston- ' street, has receive.! by the American Mail, Bome useful and superior de signs for the manufacture of Artificial Teeth. Patients Deed no extractions, and can wear Artificial Teeth without the inconvenienc'e of fastenings."'" " We have received a copy of a new pamphlet called " Pagliauo, Medicine for Fathers of Families, or everyone his own and Children's Doctor." It emanates from Florence, Italy, where Profvssor Girolamo Pagliano has written the book to relieve the human race, and instruct the people in prac- I tical medicine. With his Pagliano Herbal Syrup he treats the blond, and so aims at the root of disease. A I number of testimonials are given from sufferers who have benefitted by this remedy. This truly marvellous medi- I cine can he had from Mr Evats, Chemist, Evans' Medical Hal), 92 ' Stephen- street. Mr Evans has im- | ported the medicine direct from Pro fessor Girolamo Pagliano's establish- ' ment, Florence, The books of in- < struction are published in English, at the express wish of Mr D. Evans, the ' only ones imperted here in that lan- ( guage — Price with pamphlet 5s. or stamps by letter, address D. -Evans, ' Evans' Medical Hall, Stephen -strBet. Mr Evans has received ari Invoice of No 1 Triesmar (by royal letters patent ' of England), This celebrated Medi- < cine is in the form of a Lozenge, and as a sovereign Remedy for all Ner- VOU3 Disorders has proved a great i success. 