ITEMS OF NEWS. POLITICAL. — We learn from the Argus that a strong effort will be made by the Government to push on business in Parliament this week, and make up for the time lost last week over the renewal of the excise duties. In the Upper House, the Tea Bill and Chinese Influx Restriction Bill will be considered ; and probably the Sludge Drainage Bill (which will be read a third time to-day in the Assembly), may be de- bated on Wednesday or Thursday. The order of business in the Legislative As- sembly for the week has been arranged as follows:—To-day, as soon as the Sludge Drainage Bill has been read a third time, the consideration of the Water Conservation Bill in committee will be resumed. That measure, it is hoped, will be disposed of in time to allow the debate on the second reading of the Land Bill to be proceeded with, and subse- quently, if possible, the Residence Areas Bill will be carried on. Progress will be made with the estimates in the course of the week as opportunity offers. "THE AGRICULTURAL TEACHER."— We have received from Mr. Wm. Luplau, the translator, a copy of the above work, origin- ally published in Danish by Professor Lacop- pidan, head-master of the Agricultural school of Falster, Denmark. The work is extremely useful, not only for the instruction of youth but also for adults who are now following agricultural pursuits in this colony, without any previous practical or scientific knowledge on the subject. The work contains chapters on vegetation, the composition, structure, and food of plants ; the properties of the various soils ; situation of arable land ; the examin- ation and classification of soils ; manuring, subsoiling, draining, &c.;, &c.; We shall take an early opportunity of publishing extracts from this useful treatise, and we consider that the English-speaking race is deeply in- debted to Mr. Luplau for giving them the opportunity of becoming acquainted with a work that has become a popular text-book in the north of Europe and has gone through half-a-dozen additions during the last six years. To Ballarat belongs the honor of pro- ducing the gentleman who has performed this service for his fellow-colonists. CAPE NELSON LIGHTHOUSE. — We have received from the Borough Council of Portland a small pamphlet containing memo- randa concerning the national importance of a lighthouse at Cape Nelson. The memo- randa consist chiefly of extracts from letters supplied by the captains of vessels visiting Portland Bay, bearing testimony to the suitability of the roadstead as a harbour of refuge, and setting forth that the erection of a light house at Cape Nelson, the most southerly headland, would furnish a guide for coasting vessels destined to the port, or weather-bound ships in search of shelter. The effect of the establishment of a 20-mile light at Cape Nelson would be to induce navigators to make this point their landfall, instead of making for the Cape Otway light ; and it is contended that by sighting Cape Nelson in the first instance, they would avoid the danger of coming too near King's Island and the uncertain currents existing there. Amongst the authorities who have recom- mended the Nelson light-house, and praised the anchorage at Portland Bay we find the names of Commodore Wilson of the Wolverene, Capt. Murdoch of the Cuzco, and about thirty shipmasters of other craft. Appended to the memoranda is a list of 18 vessels wrecked at King's Island between the years 1830 and 1874, whereby 812 lives were lost, and a vast amount of property was sacrificed. The list, which appeared in our columns some time ago, incudes the Neva which was lost in 1830, with 300 lives : the Cataraqui which in 1843 carried 414 persons to a watery grave, and the British Admiral, in the wreck of which 79 individuals perished. Surely such calamities as these are worth preventing and if that end is to be ac- complished by building a light-house at Cape Nelson, by all means let it be done. The necessity of the work has been admitted by various Governments, and the last we heard about the matter was that iron and other materials would be ordered from England to complete the undertaking : but this is a long time ago, and the delay seems to require explanation. THE PROPOSED MATCH. —Sporting men will regret to lean that a hitch has occurred respecting the proposed match be- tween a horse belonging to Mr. J. Robertson and one to be found by Mr. R. Chirnside. It is stated that on Friday a letter was re- ceived by Mr. Robertson from Mr. Chirnside in which the latter treated the affair as a joke, and Mr. Robertson, under these circum- stances, consented to cry the match off. We have not been able to see Mr. Robertson since he received the letter, but do know he by no means looked upon the challenge as a joke, and was fully , prepared to carry out the match. And it would also appear that Mr. Chirnside is equally ready, as on Saturday we received from him a telegram as under "You are misinformed re match as no agree- ment was signed, will run if you guarantee that Robertson starts." But for hearing about Friday's letter the guarantee would quickly have been given by some of our sporting men who knew that Mr. Robertson had fully intended to start a horse, notwith- standing Poor Me's lameness. As it is we leave the matter in the hands of the two gentleman interested to arrange, feeling sure that neither one nor the other will be the first to spoil sport or disappoint the racing public, who have been looking forward to the match - with almost as much interest as they have to the whole of the events to be decided at our race meeting. THE HANDICAPS.— The manner in which Mr. Vowles has done his handicap- ping work for the Western Racing Club meeting has given general satisfaction. He has commenced high and has, apparently, thrown no horse into it, as they say in sporting circles. If there is a flaw in the handicaps it has been made with respect to "The Kid," a small horse that has never yet performed in public, and who is to be called upon to carry 7st in the Hotelkeepers' Handicap, giving Poor Plante, a public performer, 4lbs. Perhaps Mr. Vowles looked, upon the stable of the Messrs. Skene as a dangerous one, and preferred to be on the safe side. If condition will do it, both Queenie and The Kid should have a good show in the events for which they have been entered, as "Dugald" is putting a splendid polish on them : they are both, however, small horses, and certainly have not been favored. PIGEON SHOOTING.— The programme for the pigeon shooting match, which is to be held on the 17th December at the Wannon, is published in our advertising columns. By this it will be seen that Mr. F. Smalpage, whose skill in the conduct of such matches is proverbial, has consented to act as hon. secretary. The match is to be for a sweep- stakes of three guineas each, and all entries must be in the hands of the hon. secretary before 10 a.m. on Saturday, the 10th inst. Full particulars however, will be found in the advertisement. HOSPITAL SUNDAY.— Mr. A. T. Dickens, Treasurer of the Hamilton Hospital, requests us to acknowledge the receipt of £8 5s, being the proceeds of a collection at the Catholic Church, Sandford, in aid of the hospital. VACANCIES IN THE ASSEMBLY. — Mr. Charles Andrews is not decided whether or not he will oppose Mr. G. Cunningham, for the seat in the Assembly rendered vacant by the death of the late Mr. R. de B. John- stone. In fact he wishes first to hear if Mr. Cunngham's views are opposed to his own, and if our information be correct, it will be found that Mr. Cunningham, although professing independence, is more in favour of the present government than he is against it. Of course much will depend upon the government itself. This being the case, it would be unwise on the part of Mr. Andrews to come forward at the present juncture especially as it appears very probable there will shortly be another vacancy in the same constituency, as the latest reports about Mr. Kernot state that his condition continues to give much anxiety to his friends. Dropsy has ensued as a com- plication upon the preceding ailments, and the honorable gentleman can take little nourishment but such as can be communi- cated in a liquid form. Under these cir- cumstances, even should he recover, it is likely he will resign. It is very significant, as denoting the change that must have taken place in public political feeling in Geelong, that the Loyal Liberals have made no attempt to bring a man forward. Per- haps, like Mr. Andrews, they are wanting to hear what Mr. Cunningham has to say for himself, but even should his views be opposed to theirs it is not thought they have a man on their side who has the time, and who is sufficiently popular to fight the battle with any chance of winning. The only candidates mentioned are one Peter Smythe, an illiterate blacksmith, and Mr., A. Rutherford, neither of whom are in great favour. Still another vacancy is fore- shadowed by the Herald of Saturday which says : "We understand that another vacancy is very likely to occur in the Legis- lative Assembly shortly, unless arrangements are made to keep a certain estate out of the Insolvency Court. It will be definitely known next week." We learn that the writ for the election of a member to serve in the Legislative Assembly for the electoral dis- trict of Geelong, in the room of the late Mr. R. de Bruce Johnstone, was issued by the Speaker on Saturday. The following arrangement has been made for the election : — Day before which nominations are to be made, 2nd December : day of polling, 8th December ; return of writ, 12th December. A SAD DEATH.— When it became known that Mrs. Hardacre, of Skene-street, had been discovered dead in a well at the rear of her residence, a most profound feel- ing of sympathy was created, as the un- fortunate lady was well known and highly respected. From the evidence adduced at the inquiry, and which, will be found else- where, it will be seen that the deceased for a short time past had suffered greatly from de- pression of spirits and acted in a manner which created great uneasiness to her friends, who, however, were far from dreaming that such a lamentable result was close at hand. On Friday night Mrs. Hard- acre and Mrs. Brayshay were walking in the garden, when the former suddenly broke away, and despite opposition, gained the gate of the house and disappeared in the street never more to be seen alive. Mr. Brayshay, her relative, prosecuted a minute search, but was unsuccessful. The police, under Sergeant Richards, with commendable perseverance, were out all night looking in every conceivable spot where it was thought the deceased might have tried to hide her- self, baut without avail. It was only at about half-past seven o'clock on the following morn- ing that the sad information was obtained that her body was floating in a well. Immediate assistance was given and the corpse was soon recovered. Nothing was brought forward that could lead to a motive for this most dis- astrous deed, except that her mental faculties had, through some trouble or other, become temporarily unhinged. Her frequent exclamations to her friends that her soul was lost, &c.;, bore out this view ; but the coroner did not agree with it, and merely re- turned a verdict, "destroyed herself by drowning." As might be expected, this decision has given rise to a great deal of dis- satisfaction, which might have been avoided if the usual form in cases of this nature of empannelling a jury had been pursued. On Sunday afternoon the funeral of the un- fortunate lady was attended by a large num- ber of persons who thus paid her the last tribute of that respect which was entertained for her during life. The Rev. Mr. Abraham, acting incumbent of Christ Church, officiated at the grave. SMALL-POX IN SYDNEY. — Two more deaths from small-pox are reported to have occurred at Sydney. EPISCOPALIAN.— Monday's Ballarat Courier says that the Rev. Mr. Zillmann, of Hamilton, will temporarily fill the pulpit at St. Paul's Anglican Church in the place of the Rev. W. Kildahl, who officiated at St. Paul's for the last time yesterday. Mr. Kildahl has accepted the appointment of Christ Church, Milton, Brisbane, for which city he takes his departure one day this week. There were large congregations at St. Paul's yesterday morning and evening to hear Mr. Kildahl's farewell sermons. THE LAND ACT. — Applications approved, licenses sec. 19— A. Cameron, Bringalbert — Leases sec. 20 — H. Clapham, Ganoo-Ganoo ; T, Gray, Myamyn ; E. Pergande, Drumborg; J. Dunne, KeweII East ; T, King. Longerenong — Grants sec. 20 — W. Rorking, Merino : M. Clarke, née Drayton and William Evans, Panmure; P, Maher, P. Pickett, J. Sheenan, P. Virtue, and J. Watson, Yarpturk; G. Johnston, Darlington. Sec 40— C. Donaldson, Moor- winstowe. HOCHKIRCH RACES. — In our ad- vertising columns is published the pro- gramme for the race meeting to be held at Hochkirch on Boxing Day. Pending the return of subscription lists the amount of the stakes to be run for has been withheld until the 6th December, but there is every reason to believe the prizes will be the most liberal offered by the people of Hochkirch. It will be observed that the events are to be open to horses that have never won an advertised stake— thus owners who fancy their steeds will be able to give them a trial, and see what sort of chance they would stand with them at the Hamilton meeting. ANOTHER NEW BANK. — It is only a fewweeks ago that the successful estab- lishment of the Joint Stock Bank at Ballarat was announced with a loud flourish of trumpets, and now we hear of an attempt that is about to be made to set another finan- cial establishment on foot. We allude to the proposed Bank of Australia, the pros- pectus of which will be found in our adver- tising columns. This Bank may be looked upon as the outcome of Mr. Munro's resigna- tion of his office secretary to the Victoria Permanent Building Society. It is to have a capital of £1, 000,000 in £200,000 shares of £5 each, and is to combine with the ordinary business of a bank of deposit and issue, "a special department for a Savings branch," and to be connected with a "Building Society." The Hon. J. J. Casey, C.M.G., is tohe President of the directors, and two of these are those substantial men Mr. J. B. Watson of Sandhurst, and Mr. John Robb, so well known here as one of the contractors for the making of the Ararat and Portland railway. The fourth, who is also to act as managing director, is the Hon James Munro, who whatever may be the opinions enter- tained about his political life, is universally acknowledged to be one of the most success- ful of our Victorian financiers. Of the 100,000 shares reserved for Australia 40,000 are already subscribed, early application will therefore have to be made for the balance, and there appears every probability that the Bank of Australia will soon be successfully conducting business throughout the length and breadth of this vast and flourishing continent. WeESLEYAN ANNIVERSARIES. — The anniversary of the Dunkeld Weslean Church is to be celebrated this evening by a tea and public meeting. At the latter Mr. R. Howell, of Devon Park, will preside, and ad- dresses will be delivered by the Revds. Smith, Lee, and Adams, as also by the Rev. Mr. Watsford, who will proceed from Port- land to take part in the rejoicings. On Sun- day next the Rev. Samuel Adamson is to preach the anniversay sermon in connection with the Wesleyan Church at Penshurst, and on the following Tuesday there will also be a tea and public meeting, particulars about which will be found in an advertisement. THE TASMANIAN VOLCANO.—Satur- day's Mail contains the following with respect to the latest sensation in Tasmania : —With regard to the alleged volcanic out- break in Tasmania, doubts are now thrown upon the original supposition. "The special reporter of the Mercury returned late on Friday evening, having been baffled in his efforts to reach the scene of the outburst by the heavy rain. He interviewed some of the persons who saw the fires, but they were un- able to guide him to the spot to-day. It is generally believed that the flames are occasioned by a coal seam being on fire, as coal is known to exist in the neighbourhood. A picnic party given by the Mayor of Hobart on Tuesday saw an immense body of smoke in the direction of the mountain, but they thought it was caused by a bush- fire, though they wondered at its extent, after the recent heavy rains. A luminous appearance has been seen every night for the last week in the same direction. Numbers of residents are arranging to visit the locality." Telegraphing on Saturday the Hobart correspondent of the Argus says : — Hundreds of persons have gone by steamer and also by land to the burning mountain near North-west-Bay. All failed to reach the site of the conflagration, and have brought back most contradictory accounts, amounting only to suppositions. All the accounts agree, however, as to the density and blackness of the smoke proceeding, from the fire. The special reporter of the Hobart Mercury ex- presses his opinion that the flames proceed from an immense bush fire, which has seized upon the peat, moss, and button grass of the mountain. BYADUK FARMERS' PICNIC. — The Farmers' Club at Byaduk have issued invita- tions for their annual picnic, which is to be held at the Caves on Thursday, the 8th December. Last year this picnic was a very- enjoyable one, the hospitality of the members of the club bring almost unbounded, and the gathering this year is expected to be at least equally successful. THE AGE APOLOGISES. — We extract the following from Monday's Age: — "On Wednesday last we gave publicity to the dis- claimer of the Union Bank, addressed to the Melbourne evening papers, denying the truth of the paragraph in our Tuesday's issue. We now find that we were misled by erroneous information, and have no hesitation in ex- pressing our regret, that the paragraph ap- peared in our columns. CRICKET.— Another very exciting match was played at Branxholme on Satur- day, when on a wicket that would compare very favourably with any in Hamilton, the local club met, and most unexpectedly defeated the Condah Mission aboriginal eleven. The latter fielded beauifully ; their bowling, until properly collared in the second innings, was very good, and their batting fair. In the second innings they had 9 to get to win, with, three wickets to fall, and the excitement was very great. All three wickets, however, fell, for 1 run in a single over, and thus the men of Branx- holme pulled the match out of the fire. For Bnanxholme, E. Gough showed he had, since leaving Hamilton, greatiy improved in every department, having become quite a steady effective batsman and a puzzling bowler. But for catches missed, his bowling average would have read remarkably well, That young bowler, Forsyth, also did exceedingly well. Full particulars will be found in our correspondent's report. In the meantime it may be added that the match was not played on the beautiful new ground fenced in by the Messrs. Skene, nor is it thought this ground will be fit to play upon this season. It is intended to provide water for it by means of on Abyassinian pump, and by the time the next season comes round, Branx- holme will possess as good a ground as any to be found in this portion of the colony. On Saturday next Branxholme is to try con- clusions with Portland, and has a long list of other matches arranged. On Saturday also, Coleraine is to send a team to Hamil- ton to play against the Hamilton Club, which will be well represented by the following team, viz. : — Messrs. H. J. Bloom- field, Dunnon, A. and H. Learmonth, J. Pearson, D. Schultze, Rippon, F. Taylor, E. Walter, J. Webb, and S. Wilson. The hon. secretary, Mr. F. Taylor, hopes that if any of the above cannot play they will at once make him acquainted with the fact. HORSE-STEALING is still a lucrative livelihood in the Kelly district. The Benalla Ensign speaks of stories of flash bushmen who never appear to do any work — yet they have money, and theirs is a more rollicking life than the bandit's. The Ensign complains that the stale plea — "the horse broke loose, and we were taking it home" — is accepted as an excuse. THE BOWLER FAMILY. — Messrs. Patman and Sons, of Macarthur, have sent us a cheque for £2 in aid of this distressed family. DIGBY RACES. — The programme of a race meeting, to be held at Digby on the 31st December, is published to-day. The prizes are liberal, and should attract good fields of horses. UNIVERSITY HONORS. — The Miss H. A. Hearn referred to in the following para- graph from the Argus is, we believe, one of the ladies who will, after the Christmas holidays, undertake the control of the Alex- andra College here. Our contemporary says: — "The recent University examinations are the first at which, under the new act of Par- liament, Iadies could present themselves for any examination higher than that for matri- culation. Four ladies availed themselves of this privilege, and were candidates for the first year in the course for the degree of Bachelor of Arts. We are glad to observe that of this number three have been success- ful, namely, Miss Guerin, Miss Harris, and Miss H. A. Hearn. We understand that Miss Harris attended lectures during the session, and that Miss Guerin and Miss Hearn have passed from private study only. The success of these young ladies should afford great encouragement to all students who are placed beyond the reach of lectures." OBITUARY.— It will be observed by a notice in our obituary column that a much- respected lady died on Sunday. We allude to Mrs. Henty, the wife of Mr. Francis Henty, of Merino Downs. WESTERN RACING CLUB. — "The Punter" has been scratched for all engage- ments. STOCK AND STATIONS.— Messrs. R. Gibson and Co. report having this day sold by auction the Merton Station, situate in the South Gipps Land district, together with all the cattle and horses thereon, Messrs. Willis and Shields being the purchasers. Messrs. Macdermott, Loughnan, and Scarr report having sold, on account of Messrs. H. and N. WiIson, their Salmonville station, in the Gregory South district of Queensland, com- prising an area of about 780 square miles, including the blocks known as Boundary, Boundary East, Muddawarry, Graburn's Bluff ,Cowwarry, Learmonth, Billibong, Greystanes, Retlaw, Cheewarroo, Copely, Fereneze, Nappamuroo, Stamboul, and Waterford, together with 2800 head of cattle, horses, improvements, plant, &c.;, at a satisfactory price to Mr. W. W. Richardson. OLLA PODRIDA. — Another number of the journal published in connection with the Ladies' College, Stawell, under the title of Olla Podrida, has come to hand. It fully deserves its name, at it contains a varied collection of attempts in poetry and prose, several of which would do credit to much older writers. THE WEATHER. —Warm weather on Saturday was succeeded by a "brickfielder" on Sunday, a regular scorcher, and to render matters worse, a hot wind blew all Sunday night, which must have dried up the moisture supplied by recent rains. On Monday after- noon a few drops of rain fell and a clouded sky gave rise to hopes that more rain was close at hand. Between five and six o'clock a slight thunderstorm passed over the town, after which the sky became clear and the temperature considerably lower. NEW MAGISTRATES.—Mr. W. Bergin, Pimpinio ; and Mr. W. E. Nickols, Ararat, have been appointed magistrates for the Western Bailiwick. DISMISSALS.—In the last Govern- ment Gazette it is notified that C. F. Bull has teen dismissed from the public service for having falsified the books of the Receipt and Pay Office, Sandhurst, in order to cover deficiencies in moneys received by him. Also that Frederick Carr has been dismissed for stealing a sum of money remitted to the Revenue and Pay Office, Shepparton, to which he confessed. THE HARROW SMUGGLING CASE.— the Commissioner of Customs gave his de- cision on Saturday in regard to the seizure of goods belonging to Mr. S. Lancaster. It will be remembered that the goods were seized near Edenhop on the ground that they were 1 Bmrnld fato toe loomny lfiom Souto Aus. tralia. As Mr. Graves is satisfied that there was no intention to smuggle the goods, he has decided to inflict only a nominal fine of £5, and the articles will be delivered to Mr. Lancaster on payment of the duty. DIMBOOLA. — A deputation from Dimboola, introduced by Mr. O'Callaghan, M.L.A., on Saturday asked the Minister of Education to erect a brick schoolhouse in that town. They pointed out that wooden buildings were injured to a considerable degree by white ants, and represented that in the interests of the department more sub- stantial premises were necessary. Mr. Grant promised to call for alternative tenders for the erection of a brick and wooden structure. DENTISTRY. — Mr. Thwaites will visit Hamilton, Tuesday, and Wednesday, 29th and 30th November ; and at Mac's Hotel, Portland, on Thursday and Friday, 1st and 2nd December. — [ADVT.] MURRAY AND LANMAN'S FLORIDA WATER unsurpassed for Handkerchief, Toilet and Bath. Highly fragrant. TRADE MARK, WALTHAM, MASS. — The AMERICAN WATCH COMPANY, of Waltham, Massachusetts, U.S.A., hereby give notice that their Trade Mark, "Waltham, Mass," is now registered in the Australian Colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, and New Zealand. Proceed- ings will be taken against any person copying or imitating same, or any vendors selling or offering for sale watches bearing colourable imitations or in any way infringing our rights.— American Watch Company, Waltham, Mass. BRISTOL'S PILLS, purely vegetable, cure stom- ach complaints and all affections of the liver and kidneys. 