THE LAHCEHELQ DiSTRICT. TfROM AS OCOASIOMAl CORIlCSI'OHIiENT. 1 !The weather, which hag bean' very trying in .Mother -parts. ot this colony, has boon no oxcou tioain'tlm district. What with tho oxecsaivo ieolnr heat, added to that from (ho unnarulloled 'bush fires, we havo boon in some respects warmer ithan oven our neighbors much further north. 'Had it not beon for tho superabundance of rain 'wliiclrwo had in the early part of the summer as well as in tho latter part of last wintor, it would , havo gono bard with man and beast ; us it is, howover, wo havo not yot had to complain of jwant of wator. Consequently,, although wo havo 'had to hear of and partly witness tho total des truction of thousands of acres of good grass, wo still have water, thus enabling cattle and sheep to bo transferred to other pur's whoro feed still re mains. It is impossible to estimate- tl-6 loss ?which many of tho strangling solectors among btho ranges 'have suffered in many placeq — a few /charred logs, posts or rails, remain to indicato .?where once was a fence ; in other placcB little or no evidence of the Land having boon onco fenced can bo soon. Happily no homesteads, of very great importance were burnt, yot to tho owners of thcih the loss is greatly felt. On tho 30th. ult. . tho sight of tho range on liro was such as will ever remirin in the minus of those who witnessed -the Bceno ; tho douse volumes of smoko and firo 'rvyinqwilh oaoh other was a spectacle whoso des truction it was sad to contoniplate. Apart from . the effects produced by the bushfires wo havo nothing to complain of aB regards tho tompera turo. Our ovonings aro generally visited by re freshing southerly broozos, thii3 allowing our wearied frames to enjoy in a me;:suro 'naturo's ewoet restorer ;' and as wo aro not so busily en caged in finishing up our harvest, wo do uot ob » 'iect to anv slicht rest afforded ns. As regards tlio results of the past year's crops, !iwo cannot givo in detail tho yields obtained by tho leading farmers in this district :snlficiont, Ikpwover, if wo cau assert without fenr of contra -diction .that never before has such a successful issue bean obtained in tho way of harvest by tho '. ibldcs't farmor hore in Lanceficld. The orops as : ithey grow presented gmnd prospeot3, should no IKSt in tho form of cutorpillars, rust or tako-all - 'Tiait them, and with but ono or two deceptions ?of small importauco the favorable prospocts 'havo beon realised, mid in somo instances — in ? faot in many — tho yields hiivo roturnod more ' than woro anticipated. Whoro throxhing is . /finished wheat has shown a return of fioin 30 to ' .40 bushels to tho ncro ; Euglish liarluy from 40 to 50 and oven 60 bushels. Oats, which hitherto ha3 been regarded as a grain unanitod to our climato, havo turned out wonderfully well. Somo paddocks liavo'givon nn avorago of over 40 bushols, othors CO oubIioIs, and ouo farmer (Mr. B. Hompbill) ba-l n paddocik of outs 'which jyiolflodlO bass to 'tho acre, and no hag Moss Shan'4 boslrols. A roturmof 6-t huohom lo. ,tho :ncro proves that a sowing of such is not, ' always to bo counted ns unsuitable. ? l'oasi which laeldom vary, have given ?vory.excollcnt rolurna r .nlfio. Altogether wo havo ovory reason to bo aatisGed with the net result o£ tho harvest of 1881\. Farm lahorors have been very scarce, and : in somo instances have had tho rato of wages at 'their command. 'Tho reapor nnd bhidor will ?Woner or later proyent snch inconvenience. 