latest VACCIXE LYMPH.—On Thursday morninsr Drs. Gossc and Patterson, and Messrs. T. Chalwin and Graham M'.tchell, paid a visit to the vaccine depot for the purpose of inspecting the cattle recently operated^upon. The animals showed unmistakeable signs of having taken successfully, and everything is; going on as well as can be wished. The lymph used .vas calf lymph, from Brussels,, said to be the best. LAND SALE.—A sale of town allotments and suburban sections was held at the Land Office on Thursday morning. There was a small attendance, and veiy little bidding. The highest price realized was for a lot in the Hundred of Dadley, County Carnarvon, which brought £10. ST. VALENTINES DAY. — The estimated number of Valentines delivered in Adelaide on February 14 was 5,404. This _ is an enormous decrease on the number estimated to have been posted on St. Valentine's Day last year, which was 11,169. Doubtless the increasing popularity of Christmas, New- Year, and birthday cards is the cause of the falling off. ARBEST.—Detective Trevenick arrested a woman in Port Adelaide, on Wednesday, February 15. for a larceny committed in a dwelling-house in Adelaide some time previously. Ellen Kennedy, the prisoner, was identified by means of a photograph taken on a jjrevious occasion by a police photographer. On her aiTest considerable property was recovered, including three jjass^books, three watches, three chains, seven rings, and a quantity of valuable documents. "VEHICLE ACCIDENT. — On Wednesday evening whilst Mr. Philip Levi was driving his horse and trap in King William-street; the horse began to get restive and bolted as far as Mosses Corner, where it came into contact with one of the posts on the footway. The vehicle was smashed, and Mr. Levi thrown to the ground, but he escaped without any injury. The horse was caught in Rundle-street before it had done any further damage. FIKE AT BELALIE.—On the night of February 10 (say the Jamestown Agriculturist) a fire occurred in Belalie village, when the cottage of a man named Hull was burnt to the ground. The origin is unknown, and on the matter being reported to the Coroner he deemed that there was not sufficient evidence to justify an inquest. A subscription-list has been opened for the sufferers. RECHABITISM.—On Thursday, February 9, the D.C.R. of the Albert District, L0.R. (Bro. C. H. Matters), in company with the D.D.R. (Bro. R. Dawe), appeared before an. audience in the Wesleyan Cnurch, Minlaton. The mission of the deputation was the advocacy of temperance and Rechabitism. The local Wesleyan minister (Rev. J. Blacket) was unavoidably absent. Bro. R. Swincei* presided, and excellent addresses were delivered by Bro. J. Norman, the Tent Secretary, and the deputation. Mount Rat wasthe next place visited on the following Friday evening. Mr. Barnes, sen,, occupied the chair. There was a capital attendance. Addresses of a stirring nature were given by the D.C.R. and D.D.R., and at the close of the meeting several persons were found willing to form a branch of Minlaton Tent, to meet at Mount Rat. On Saturday, February 11, the D.C.R. (Bro. C. H. Matters) attended at Brentwood, aud with the assistance of Bro.. R. Dawe, D.D.R., and Bro. J. Norman, proceeded to open a new Tent. Satisfactorycertificates having been given by Dr. Flood,, who was present from Yorketown, a considerable number of young men were initiated. Officers were duly appointed, and the Tent named the Star of Brentwood, iu which township there is every probability of securing a large and flourishing Teut. ANIMAL VACCINE LYMPH.—Messrs. T. Chalwin and Graham Mitchell inoculated a fine nine-months-old heifer at Hilton on Wednesday morning. A DASTARDLY ACT.—A shameful attempt at incendiarism was discovered on the farm of Mr. Thomas Sinkerson, at Mount Torrens, near Gumeraclia, on Monday, February 13. While some men where engaged prospecting, for gold they saw a fire start on Mr. Sinkerson|s property and soon begin to spread rapidly. They, however, were on the spot in a few moments, and the flames were subdued before they had time to do much damage. A close examination of the ground where the fire broke out showed conclusively that somemean wretch in human form had actually adopted a scientific method for destroying Mr. Sihkerson's property, and perhaps spreading devastation all around. A small twig of a gumtree, fresh and green, had been pointed at one end and then stuck in the ground. At the top end of it another short piece of stick had been fastened to it with an ordinary brass pin in such a way thatitafforded a support for a spectacle glass. The glass was so placed that the sun's rays striking on it would be likely to ignite the dried grass orother tinder below. What was placed immediately beneath, however, is never likely tobe known, as the fire soon destroyed it, but it left the upright stick only a little charred, and the glass and pin very much as they had been arranged by the miscreant who designed" the mischief. This attempt at arson, following so soon after the Mount Pleasant bushfire, created a scare in the immediate neighbourhood, and hopes are expressed that the police-troopers and the special detectives recently sent into the district will keep a particularly sharp eye on the two classes of men from whose ranks come most of the incendiaries, namely, malice-bearing neighbours and tramps or larrikins, who love fires for mischief's sake and for the sake of the beer which .generally flows liberally on such occasions. WARDEN'S CorRT.—Mr. Warden Hack will hold a Court of Enquiry at Hahndorf to-day into the circumstances of the jumping of the Victoria Claim, held by Mr. Wittwer, by a person named Peter Green " When two funerals meet at the cemetery, it iaembarrassing to have one undertaker call to the other, " How's business 7" COMING OF AGE—A DOMESTIC DRAMA.—My Lady —"No, no, General! Don't talk to me of school and college! There's nothing like home influence for boys!" My precious darling has never left my side sncehewivs liom, just 21 years ago this very day. Genera], and lie has kept the heart of a child, and never givori mc an hour's anxiety in all his innocent life !" The CJcneral—" Ah, he'll soon be wanting tomarry the lady 's maid, or something of that sort! See if he don't I" My Lady—" Good heavens!" (To footman, who enters)—" Adams, where's Parker?' The >"-'- ti!iai] " She just stepped ont for a minute this raomin', my lady, to get some'airpins,.she said. Bnt they do say down-stairs as Master George were waiting for Ltr round the corner with a fourwheel cab and a small pgrlananteau. Leastwise she never come home, nor Master George hasn't neither. Lunch is waiting, my lady!"—Punch. 