tSHIPPING. Included in the manifest of the lfercury, brig, from Melbourne:- J. EDGINTON & CO.-7 bales bran bags, 33 hf-chests tea, 3 cases biscuits, 2 ditto Ilum c puddings, 2 ditto lollies. COASTERS-INWARDS. March 2-Albion, ketch, 11 tons, T. H. Holy man, from the Mersey. Cargo-1S tons coal, 2 tons butter, 2 tons bacon, 40 dozen eggs, and sundries. MIarch 2-Arlel, cutter, I tons, II. Emmett, from Circular Head, via Table Cape, Cargo For Beaconsfield: 9000ft sawn timber; for Launcestop: 14 bags beans, and sundries. COASTER1S-OUTWARDS. March 2-Avon, p.s., 83 tons, G. M. Jackson, master, for N. E. Coast ports; R. J. Sadler, ogoent. Cargo-Sundries. March 2--Dauntless, ketch, 22 tons, D. Burgess, for Bridport. Cargo-Sundries. VESSELS EXPECOED. JrTelbourne.-Tho s.s. Mangasm will leave Melbourne at 10 n.m. to-day, and will arrive early to- morrow morning. The s.s. Flinders will leave at 1 p.m. on Tuesday, with the English malls, and will probably arrive about 11 o'clock the following day. Londonc,.-Bark Clodian left London Novem her 26, 97 days out, and may be expected daily. Bark Nevada was to sail from London about January 10. TELEGRAPHIC SHIPPING. TAmARn HEA.an-Arrived-March 2, coasters Phantom, Willie Dale, William. Sailed March 2, 2235 p m., p.s. Avon, N.E. Coast ports; schooner Wave. HonAR-M-farca 2, 10"50 n.m., s.s. Tasmnn, Melbourne. Sniled- March 2, 7 a.m., bark Acacia, Dunedin; schooner Young Dick, Timaru ; schooner. Falcon, East Coast ports. 06'30 a.m., s.s. Ringarooma, Melbourno. 8'30 a.m., bark Pet, Lytteltou. ToaQUAY. - Arrived - March 2, schooner Templar, Melbourne. Sailed-Coaster Vesper, Launceston. Eu B.Y.-Arrived-lMareh2, 10'45 a.m., s.g. Devon, Loven. WIND AND WEATHER--Feb. 24. Bar. Ther. Wind, &c.; TamarHds... 29'86 74 W.N.W., mod., fine. Hobart,....... 3000 69 S., light, thick, threat. HIoH WATER, MOON'S PHABBs, &e.; Friday, 11h 48Sm .m. ; 12h Om p.m. Saturday, 11h 9m a.m.; 12h 39m p.m. Moon-Full moon, March 5, 10h 28m 59 a.m. Inst quarter, Margh 13, 7h 17m 11 a.m. Town Time.-Feb. 24 (by transit observations reduced to longitude of Hobart)-St. John's oloek,lmin. 3SesC. slow ; Sparrow's clock, 30see. fast. VESSEtr. I PORT. - Steamers Flinders, Tamar (tug); barks Don Diego, Araunah, Grasmare. STEAM TO MELnoUWNE.--The s.9. Flinders will leave the whrfrf at 11 a.m. to-day. The s.s. Mangana will leave at 2 p.m. on Tuesday. SrTE.%I TO SYDNEY.-The s.s. Tasman: which takes the place of the ass. Esk whilst on the slip, will leave Launteston for Sydney on the 11th inst. 1+The Ariel sails for Circular Head on Saturday * evening. Theketch Albion leaves for Torquay, Formby and Latrobe this evening. The master of the barque Zohrab, from Sydcny to Melbourne, reports having seen two "ash lights, which he believes to be those of some vessel, when he was off Kent's Group. It has been ascertained that bush-fires are raging in the locality, and to these the lights are at tributed. Vessels have, however, been in structed to keep a good look-out when passing. Captain Sanderson ol the s.s. Nemesis, which arrived at Sydney from Melbourne on the 20th ult.. states :-The Nemesis passed Capeo Everard at 10 a,.m. on the 19th ult., and steamed within a quarter of a mile of the coast as far as the Howe, in order to see the stranded barque Romeo, but nothing was seen of her, nor were there any signs of wreckage. If the vessel was on shore between Ererard and the Howe she must have backed off, and gone down in deep water, because if she had broken up we most have seen some wreckage. The wreckage sold in Sydney on the 22nd nult. for £70. The Assam was somewhat slow In putting In an appearance at Glenelg from King George's Sound, but the delay was accounted for (says the South Australian Advertiser of 22ed ult.) by the statement that she had encountered very heavy weather after leaving the Sound, and only got into a calmer recion when she entered the Gulf. She certainly looked as if she had been through a lively rough and tumble, but had sustained no damage. The Assam has had a thorough overhaul at Greenock, and new boilers had been pat in her. The first part of the voyage from Gallo was comparatively fine, but afterwards heavy south-easterly gales set in, and high seas seemed the order of the day. The Assam is now commanded by Captain G. WV. Brady. She was announced to sail at 11 a.m. Very anxious enquiries about the small pou scare and the Blirzaporo passengers were made by her people, and the announcement that things had on the whole gone on remark ably well, andthat so far we could show a clean colonial bill of health, was received with un mixed satisfaction. There is nowr open for inspection at the Ex. change Rooms the model of a ship's stern with an ingenious plan for applying auxiliary power to sailing ships when becalmed, as they in. variably are, in the tropics and elsewhere in the course of a voyage to or from any part of the world. The inventor is a Frenohman,, ans appears somewhat embarrassed in not being enabled to answer questlons, or render an sx plannation of the advantages of his invention in the British vernacular. But the ar rangement is too simple to need very much enlightenment from the lips of Alonsour. It consists of a narrow framework of metal suspended from the extreme rear of the vessel, into which is fitted a revolving shaft or spindle, an ordinary screw propelling fan being fitted at the base. The screw at the base and the top ou the shaft ere connected byiog- bevel wheels. A millwright would at once appreciate the arrangement, the top of the shaft being connected with another, which is set revolving by steam which fitted somewhere near the rudder. Assuming a vessel to be already becalmed, and fitted up with one of the appliances now exhibited at the Exchange. it would undoubtedly prove of utility it calm waters, but should a storm swoop down upon the vessel, as is frequently the case, with the suddenness of a southerly burster, the long delicate framework which holds the propelling shaft might soon be bent up and rendered useless unless the inventor can devise swift means for disconnecting it and placing it out of harm's reach. Furthermore, it must strike any practical eye that the stay-rods are altogether too high. They should be affixed as low down and as near the screw-wheel as pos sible, in order to counteract the strain. Ex cepting these apparent shortcomings, the idea is a good one, and deserves all the attention it attracts at the Exchange. It can be thoroughly matured yet, and shipowners desirous of avoid lgtodioue delay darhsg calms should inspect the model, which is still open to view and critiuinm.--S. f. Herald. 