LARGE FIRE NEAR QUORN. Our correspondent writes on the evening of Novembers : — 'The bush-fire which has been burning since Sunday morning last should be a warning to parties lighting fires recklessly in such dry weather as we are having, when grass will burn like tinder. Although it is not known exactly how this fire originated, it is supposed by many that it has been caused by some one setting light to rubbish where men have been clearing land, and perhaps leaving it burning or else allowing it to gain mastery over them by letting it go too far without stopping it, or it is possible it may have originated^ through some parties who go out nearly every Sunday shooting wallabies, and who may possibly have been using paper or some other combustible matter for wads. So far the most serious damage done is the destruction of a largo quantity of grass, coveringan extent of country at least ten miles long and varying in width, which grass would have fed a large number of cattle through the summer that may now starve to death ; and the most surprising feature is that very few farmers seemed at all concerned about this destruction of grass and immense risk to wheat crops and other property. Mr. R. Smith, J.P., the manager of Mount Arden Station (although most of the land which the fire has passed through has been resumed) turned out with a lot of the station employe's, and was hard at work during nearly the whole of Tuesday in the terrific heat of the weather, added toby the immense heat of the fire, trying to impede the progress of the conflagration and preventing its spreading by beating it with wet bags. Had it not been for Mr. Smith's exertions it would no doubt have spread to a much more alarming extent ; as it is, the fire is still burning in the Bcrubby part of Peryman's farm, in close proximity to their growing crop of wheat, and also very close to James Gordon's, A. Herde's, and Miller's wheat crops, who havo taken the precaution of burning a. tract of land about one chain wide between the fire and their wheat paddocks, and although these crops are now, comparatively speaking, out of danger, should the wind, which has changed five or six times since the fire started, blow strongly from the south: or south-west, serious damage may yet- be done to property. The wind is now from, the north, and the fire is still burning, in Eery man's land among porcupine grass and mollee scrub on a hill and not two miles from, the township, and if the wind doe3-not- change it may possibly burn out to-night.' [By Telegraph.] Quorn, November 10. The bush fire is now out. Besides great loss of grass Messrs. Perryman ani Herdes had a quantity of fencing destroyed. No wheat was burnt. To-day from, the north clouds of dust are blowing, and: the sky is dark and threatening. A sprinkling of rain has commenced to fall, and wo- anticipate a do-a-npour soon, which would interfere with haymaking. Bveon Wolseley.— A proposal has been made in Ireland (says a London paper) to raise an Irish subscription, to present to Sir Garnet Wolseley a sword of honour on his return from Egypt. The residents of Monks. tewn, County Dublin, where Sir Garnet lived in his youth, and where he ivi3. educated, desired, in tho first instate, to confine the subscription to ^them: selves ; but on second thoughts it has been decided to throw, it open to all Ireland. There is great pride felt in all parts of the country that a son of Erin should here dis tin'mianed himself so greatly, and brought Eucn honour to British arms. Comment ing on the successful career of Sir Garset Wolseley, a contemporary remajkj that about 1S5-1 he was eating o'ifc his Loart in a surveyor's office in Dublin, a youth of cood lineage and condemn&i; to 031 un interesting career, mid waiting almost hope lessly for the commission v/hich arrived at length, and gt^ve him the opening ho has since turned to so cood an aciaunt. Although be is now on the high read to a peerage and possibly to a field-marshal's baton, it was the knowledge he gained as a youngster in Dublin which got him his first step up the ladder, and qualified tiiia to act as aa as sistant engineer, 