LATEST^fELIfiGRAMS. (From Our Own Correspondent.) Adelaide, Friday afternoon. Rain fell this morning. There was a very moderate attcndaucc at the Show on Thursday. The performance of the Russian baud in the Botanic Gardens attracted 10.000 people. The Governor, Russian admiral and officers visited the Exhibition, which was not equal to the average. The Farmers' Mutual Association sat all Thursday—not even attending the Show. A long discussion relative to the land laws was engaged in. aud a resolution referring the question of lot or auction to the reconsideration of branch associations was carried by 2G against seven. Mr. Venning proposed that the Government should establish a Mortgage Department for ihe protection of selectors against heavy charges in obtaining loans from agents. Au amendment postponing the motion for a year was carried. Mr. Saint moved that the selectors outside Goyders line of rainfall should be allowed to give up the holdings and make fresh selections where land was open, the incoming tenant paying for all improvements. Mr. Copely moved as an amendment 4i That the selections be put up for a lease of 21 years." Both were lost and the matter left to the Board already appointed to consider the question. Mr. Waterman's motion restricting the area of scrub laud to two square miles, was lost, and an amendment leaving the area as at present was carried by 19 against six. Mr. Venning moved that in the future none but town and suburban lands be sold tor cash, was carried. A motion requiring the lessee of scrub lands to cultivate one-twentieth of the land annually, was carried, Mr. Venning's motion that land beyond Goyders Line be offered in leases of 15.000 acres, at 15s , aud if not selected in one year to be let for grazing purposes, lapsed. A motion in favor of amending the Bushfires Regulations was earned. It was decided to leave the arrangement of the electoral districts in the hauds of the Government. A suggestion that the Government should set aside £20,000 for the relief of the present distress fell through, anil a motion that a deputation wait ou the Government, begging theni to re-consider their decision not to subsidise the subscriptions for buying seed, was carried unanimously. The Association will meet again this morning. Admiral Aslanbegoff went round to Port Adelaide on Thursday by water, and expressed regret tliat through misapprehension he had not come to that pretty little harbor, instead of anchoring off Glenelg. He attended luncheon, and was heartily received. He then proceeded to town, accompanied by three captains. Five hundred Chinese gave a hearty reception to the Ministerial party in the Territory. They desire land to cultivate rice. A farmer named Gottlieb Fielder, while crossing the line at Euduuda. was caught by the cowcatcher. The wheels of the locomotive killed Jhim instantly. The horses escaped but the waggon was smashed. A deputation on Thursday waited on the Commissioner of Works asking him to survey a railway from Gladstone to Appilla Yarrowie, to be immediately completed, in compliance with a promise. The Com- missioner said the Government intended to introduce a Bill early in the session. Another deputation requested the Government to purchase Calaby Spring, as it was of great use to travellers in the North. The Commissioner replied he would do so if the report warranted it. The Gazette dedicates a site for a post office at Hawker. k deputation, consisting of Messrs. Cooke aud Teunaut, M's.P., and McMartiu, Marshall, and Rev. W. W. Finch, met to-dav at the Educational Department to inquire into matters respecting the enlargement, of the Post Office and School at Wilmington. The deputation were referred to the Architect-in-Chief. and were informed by him that the said public works were let to Mr. Techritz, contractor, at Orroroo. The Post Office is to be-complefced by the end. of May, aud the school by the end of July next. The deputation next instituted inquiries re the PincLa school building, and were informed that, l'inda being a private township the Government held no land there, but the Educational Department were in communication with the Local Board of Advice, with a view to obtaining a suitable site.for a school building. The Government had already prepared a wooden building for a school at l'inda, the same to be lixed immediately on school site after the Board of Advice and inhabitants of the township had made the selection. 