ON THE EORAGE-PLANTS INDIGENOUS IN NEW SOUTH WALES. BY W. WOOLIE, PH. J)., F.L.S. I In a country like New South Wales, of which the length is 900 miles, the mean breadth GOO miles, and the superficialarea upwards of 300,000 square milos, we may naturally look for great diversity of soil and climato, and heneo tho forage-plants of some parts of tho colony are very diffeient from those of others. Taking, however, a general view of tho subject, such plants may be divided into two classes, viz. : those of the coast-districts, and those beyond tho Dividing Range, though it will bo found that somo species are common to both. 1\. Tho coast districts, whioh have a varying breadth of from 30 to 100 miles, lie to the East of the Divid ing Range, and as they constitute tho oarliest sett'o monts of tho colony, they comprehend a greater portion of introduced plants than tho wido plains of tho intorior. In some cases, it is difficult to determine whether certain species aro indigenous or not, sooing that they have taken possession of extensive areas, and, if really of foreign origin, have long since become naturalised amongst us. Of theso Cynodon dactylon (Pers.) or couch grass is the most remarkable, as af fording excellent pasturo and being capable of resist ing extremo drought. As this grass (though probably of Asiatic origin) is described in R Brown's Prodro mus (1810), and is enumerated amongst Baron Muel ler's " Select Extra-tropical Plants," I cannot but regard it as one of our most useful f orapo-plants in the coast districts, as it contains 4'00 per cent, of starch and3*60 of sugar (F.v.M. and L. Rummel), and is much relished by sheep and cattle. Owing to the spread of this grass in tho ooast district, and tho in troduction of foreign plants from difforent parts of the world, many of tho nativo grasses aro not so abundant now, as they wero in the early days of the colony. Whenever, howovor. circumstances are favourable, tho following spocios aro valuable as bush grasses, and docidodly nutritious : Andropogon sori oous (R. Br.) ; A. affinis (R. Br.) ; A. refraotus (R. Br.); Chrysopogon parvifiorus (Benth.); Sorghum plumosum (Beauv.) ; Anthistiria ciliata (Linn.) ; Miorolama stipoides (R. Br.); Dioholachne crinita (Hook.) ; Doyouxia Forstori (Kunth.) ; Deyeuxia quadrisota (Benth.) ; Anisopogon avenaceus > (R. Br.) ; Danthonia semiannularis (R. B.) ; Chloris truncata (R. Br.); Eragrostis tenelín (Beauv.): E. Brownii (Neos.) ; Poa cnespitosa (Frost.) ; Festuca bromoides (Linn.). Theso may bo regarded as tho principal bush-grasses near tho coast, and so far as thoy have boon analysod, thoy contain elomonts decidedly favourable for tho growth and fattening of cattle Anthistiria ciliata (according to F.v.M. and L. Rummel) doos not con tain so largo a proportion of starch as couch grass, but it is said to have 3.OG por cont, of Bugar, whilst tho difforent species of Andropogon, Sorghum, Poa, and Festuca, contain gluten, starch, gum, and sugar in varying proportions, being in a greater or loss degree adapted to grazing purposes. Whenever the season js not unusually dry, those grasses grow readily and afford abundant pasture ; whilst some, ti them are capable of living under a great amount,of- heat. The following grasses grow in or near wate"*, and, though not equal to those enumerated in, amount of solid nutriment, they aro nevertheless relished by horses and cattle : Panicum navidum (.Retz.) ; P. crus galli (Linn.); P. obseptum (Trin.); Cham;eraphis paradoxa (Poir.) ; Paspalum scorbiculatum (Linn.) ; Oplismenus compositus (Beauv.) ; Isachne Australis (R. Br.) ; Phragmites communis T(Trin.) ; Heiuarthria compressa (R. Br.) ; Glyceria iluitans (R. Br.) ; Pas palum distichum (Linn.) In seasons of drought when tho bush-grasses failor aro burned up, these species, which flourish in marshes, or near creeks, lagoons, and moist places, afford valuable pasture, for, although they may. not have the fattening properties of tho harder gras¡Besf they keep the stock in fair condition. Paspalum! distichum or the water-couch, which appears.-tà move, been regarded by R. Brown as a sea-coast* gross (being called by him P. littorale) has established itt self on tho banks of our rivers, and though .trouble some in cultivated ground on account of its rapid! growth and spreading roots, is a tine gras3 for stock.. Panicum obseptum also flourishes round tho margins of lagoons, and floats sometimes on the surfaeo of the water. Itis eaten by sheop and cattle, and, in places where it abounds, may be regarded as a substituto for moro solid grasses, Glyceria fluitans is not so abundant, and occurs for tho most part by tho side of rivers, creeks, or stagnant water. It is a very sweet grass, and the seeds as well as the foliage are very nutritious. Phragmites oominunis is a coarso speoies and seldom eaten, excepting in vory dry seasons. In addition to these grasses, there aro other aquatic plants (such as tho species of Triglochin, Potamoge tón, Typha, Holeoeharis, Cyporus, and Carex), which are also eaten by cattle when other herbage perishes, but they contain very little nourishment. Amongst dicotyledonous plants, horses and cattle frequently browse on the leaves of Daviesia umbellata (Sm.) and D. latifolia (R. Br.), which have a bitter taste, and on those of Casuarina suberosa(Ott. ot Dietz.), which are subaoid. Those plants occur for the most part on mountains or ranges. Branches of Angophora inter media (DC), A, subvolutina (P.v.M.), and Sterculia diversifolia (G. Don.), are sometimes cut down to keep cattle alive in dry seasons, as tho leaves are relished by them. It is a striking fact in the distribu tion of plants on this side of the Dividing Range, that so few of the nativo Leguminoso can be utilised for pasture. With tho exception of the Daviesias, whioh Beem to be relished rather for their bitter flavour than for any nutriment, there is scarcely any species of tho order available for grazing purposes. Indigofora Australis (Willd.), and Lotus corniculatus (Linn.) are sometimes eaten when grass is scarce, nor do they appear to bo injurious near the coast ; but Trifolium répons (Linn.), Medicago sativa (Linn.), M. deñticulata (Willd.), and Vioia sativa (Linn.), which aro of foreign origin, aro decidedly superior to any indigenous Laguminosm for forage, and, in some districts of the colony, they aro taking tho place of nativo grasses. In Now South Wales, there aro about 160 species of indigenous grasses, but many of those are gradually disappearing in tho settled distincts, and it is only in enclosed spots, such as cemeteries, the sides of rail way linos, &c;, to which sheep and cattle have not access, that some of tho species, which, in tho early days of tho colony, flourished in the immediate neigh bourhood of Sydney and Parramatta, now spring up in any abundance. Of these Sorghum plumosum (Boauv.)â and Anthistiria ciliata (Linn.) desorvo es pecial mention, as they aro highly esteemed in most parts of tho colony-tho latter species in particular being ono of those grasses which are found cavmblo of supporting horses and cattle when travelling from tho interior better than any other native forage. 2\. On the other sido of tho Dividing Bange, or in that portion of New South Wales which extonds to thc great western districts and beyond tho Darling, tho plants available for forago differ very much from those of tho coast districts. and, in addition to grasses properly so callod, they mcludo many varieties of horbs and shrubs, which in dry seasons supply tho place of ordinary forago. Among tho grasses, the following may bo onumoratod : Panicum divaricatis siinum (B.B.) ; P. offusum (R. Br.); P. docomposi tum (R. Br.) ; P. traohyrhachis (Benth.) ; Anthis tiria avonacoa (P.v.M.) ; Alopoourus geniculatus (Linn.) ; Danthonia racemosa (R. Br.) ; Astrebla tritiooides (P.v.M.) ; P. spoctabilo ; Neuraohne Mitoholliana (Noes.) ; Andropogon soricous (R.Br.l; A. bombycinus (R. Br.) ; A. rofraotus (ll. Br.) ; (Boauv); Glyceria Fordeana (F.v.M.); G. ramigora F.v.M.) ; Bromus aronarius (Labill). In favourable soasons, theso grasses spread over tho vast plains of tho interior, and, although certain speoies of Stipa and Aristida are sometimes injurious to sheep by the pungency of their seeds, yot no srjocios of indigenous grass is known to possess any deleteri ous proportion. Tho uncertainty of tho soasons, how ever, in Now South Wnlos, and tho inequality of tho rainfall, ronder it a matter of groat importance to graziers to look boyond tho moro grasses for tho de pasturing of stock. Tho average rainfall, therefore, and tho avorage temperature also requiro duo consid eration in forming any comparison between tho forago plants of tho coast districts and thoso of the intorior. jt appears that, whilst the avorage annual rainfall in yydney may bo estimated at 51*521 inches, that of fusca Bourke, on the Darline;, may be placed 13'653 inches. In the matter of temperature, likewise, the'maximum and minimum in Sydney are reckoned at 107'9 and 30*8 Fah.respectively, whilst at Bburkothey aró 121*3" and 29.9. Owing then to the extreme-dryness of the seasons, tho great heat of the summer months; or the,: prevalence of bush- fires, the grasses" may' fail ; and hence, had not nature supplied hbrbage'of other kinds'. large tracts of land would bbmseleGs as sheep' or1' cattle runs, excepting when the rainfall'is'abu'ndant. In most countries, plant» of the Sarsolacëous t kind1--' occur most frequently in saltjmarshes "or noär the s^a- ' coast, but in New South Wales; in addition to species' common to suchi. localities, many; of the salt-bush kind are-found in the1 arid interior, and such plants, io conjunction with, the-hardier grasses, afford a plen-' tifia! supply of nutriment in all seasons. The Salsolaeeairof the colony comprise 13 genera and CO species andof theso Rhagodia hastata (R. Br.),' Rt parabohea (Ri Br.)¿ Atriplex- semibaccata (Rs Bi.),' and'Coelria villosa (Lindi.), aro the moBt es-" toßinod amongst what aro called salt or cottbn bußhes, Rhagodia-nutans (R. Br.), R linifolia (Ri Br.)' Cheñv opodium auricomum (LindL); Cl album (Linn.);-and' C. Triangulare (R. Br.) may bo placed iin tho sanie1 category ; but it is to- bo feared, that, unless ntoie3 care is exercised in tho feeding of sheep andi cattle» ii» the interior, some of tho salt bushes will become as rare as certain indigenous grasses aro n«w ncjjr coast. It is too much tho custom to lot the trocís feed year after year on certain runs, without <3îvrdi*g th» same into paddocks and removing the sheep or cattle from one to another ; and hence tho older salt bushe» aro eaten down to tho very roots, whilst the young plants are consumed almost as soon as they ger minate. In addition to the Salsolacero, thore aro some good forage plants of the Geraniacere, Umbolhfero, Ainar antaceo, Ficoideas, and Nyctnginere, whioh in the absence cf grasses are highly useful in the economy, of nature. Somo of these aro popularly called crow foots, wild carrots, and so on, but perhaps amongst; thom all, none is moro usoful than Boerhaavia diffusa. (Linn.), which, having a long tap-root, can withstand*, a considerable amount of drought, whilst it affords t pasture early in tho season ero tho grasses are fully . devoloped. Of tho Leguminosa) of the interior, some i are decidedly injurious to sheep and cattle, especially when in dry seasons they can find no other herbage^ to feed on. Such aro some species of Swainsona, In digofera, and Lotus, to which very bad effects are at tributed. Tho first of these, in tho species S. Greyanav (Lindi.), and S. galegifolia (R. Br.) has been looked! upon with much suspicion, and thero can bo no doubt!; that, in certain seasons (probably when sheep andi cattle feed on such speoios exclusively) they produce* strange effects on tho brain, causing animals to seat objects ¡¡largor than thoy I really aro, and giving» them a propensity to climb. From observations mad* 1 near Mudgee, it does not appear that S. galegifolia i's deleterious when eaten with other herbage, nor in- ' deed have the poisonous properties of S. Greyana* been detected in cultivation. One of the most usefiuJl of the Leguminosa} in tho interior is that whichi is : found near tho banks, or in tho dry beds of thorvrers. - It was first noticed by s?ir. T. Mitchell^ ia 1835, and called by him " Australian Shamijocls," This plant is a species of Trigonella (T. suavißshna, Lindl.), and whilst remarkable for conneqjbiug tho vegetation of. Australia with that of the. south of Europe, it has* nutritious qualities whioh rendor it worthy of oulttiracv. tion. Sir T. MitchehXVol. 1, p. 254) says, " The^er fume of this herb, its freshness and flavour, i»diucedi me to try it as a vegetable, and we found it to. be deli-» clous, tender as spinach, and to preservo avery green* colour when boiled." This opinion has been confirmed! jb'y subsequent travellers, and recently a gentleman* 'who feels interested in Euch subjects has colleotedj and distributed seeds for cultivation. As tho species» is already known as a usoful herb for pasturo and isu allied tolT. fa3num groeum (Linn.)-a plant esteemed/ by the ancients and still cultivated in tho south of; Europe-it may becomo more generally utilized. In dry seasons, suoh plants are of importance, as the grasses are for tho most part limitod to alluvial flats or sorubs. There, Sporobolus virginicus (Kunth.), Eleusineeagyptiaoa(Pers.), Glyceria Fordeana (F.v. M.), and Leptoohloa subdigitata (Trin.} have been found very serviceable ; but perhaps of all the grasses of the interior that moBt widely diffused and most highly valued for depasturing purposes is Panicum deoompositum (R. Br,), in its varying forms. Thia grass (the seeds of whioh usod to be collected and eaten by the blacks) has been found to yield under cultivation faur tons of hay por acre. During the winter however, as well as in dry seasons, tho Btock find moro nutriment from various herbs than from grasses, and in addition to those plants already enumerated, thore aro some species of the Composite family whioh are eaten by thom, particu larly of Helichrysum, Holiptorum, and Craspedia, bufe at least ono speoios of the last is reckoned amGttgf suspected plants. Tho harsh, dry and frequently woolly texture of many composites in tho interior it» admirably adapted to stand tho long droughts whiohj frequontjy prevail thoro, though it is certain that they yield only a temporary nutriment in dry soasons-. It is romarkablo that tho largo order of the Compo sites in Australia affords so little fodder available fop sheep and cattlo, and that of tho 30 introduoed species, now spreading as weeds in many pavia of the« colony, scarcely any, with tho exception of Sonchus oeracous or tho common sow-thistle cajn he utilized for that purpose. Rabbits and hare» are very fond of this plant, and it is oaten by goats, shoop, and pigs» but not by horses. In Baron Mueller's remarks oz» Australian vegetation (1867), ho dwolls forcibly on tho great importance of tho storago af water and tho dissemination of fodder plants in tho interior, and tho lato drought has given additional weight to his aug* gestions, for on tho runs least improved by art, there has been tho greatest loss of sheep and cattle. Thora oan be no doubt that tho storage ot rain-water, or the raising of water by the process of boring, is tho great desideratum of the present day, and as tho population increases] it will be found more and more noQOSsary to resort to artificial means to supply tho wants of man and boast. Could tho water so procured be rendered available for tho purpose of irrigation, it is easy to foresee a vast inorease of nativa vegetation as woll as tho possibility of cultivating fodder plants from other pq,rts of tho world. Tho Baron suggests that M tho scattering of the common British oraoh ¡ (Atriplex patula), an annual, but autumnal plant, would on tho barest ground realise fodder for shoop," It may bo added that two of our indigenous salsolace ous plants (Rhagodia hastata and Atriplox semiba cata) aro also admirably adapted for the same purpose, and that they havo boen oultivatod with success even in Boils differing very much from that of their native habitat. On tho whole thon wo may reasonably oon oludo with tho Baron that many barren tracts of the interior aro capable of vast improvement by tho hand of art, and that "patient industry and intelligent judgmont" may found many a lordly possession in regions now froquontly desolate. Thoro has been quito enough rain in tho MudgQQ district. The wheat farmors aro feeling alarmed. Grass splendid, and better prices ruling tot store stock. Nothing doing in fats, except fur looa,! r»> quiromonts, 