.'jvisais ov NEWS. Iue local Hour mills arc at a fltandstill. A i few; weeks''ago these establishments were 4 crumrricd .fr.om (op to bottom with wheat. ] I'VyournMafeporls were received frotu Sydnoy < ubqut'pric'es. and our local millers sold. Somo ( coquct tin# wan indulged in by tho Sydney i a»oni}», to tlioefToct that tho bakers ofSydnoy vvi-j'o Juiid in I heir praises of Wagga Wnggu " duM," and our local millers *' parted." i Is?aw..<hyy,find.there is a considerable rist> in < the'market, and farmers aro holding on and will not sell; consequently the mills «re idle. i : A MBBTINO of those interested in tho steps taken 'some time'ago to form a Volunteer corps, was held at Hely's Club House Hotel oh'iaafcTruhiy^cvL'iiing, but on account of the small attendance ib was postponed until Wednesday, the 22 nd instant, at 7.30 p.m. The members of the committee, and other* interested, arc requested to be present. The number of cases of indecent behaviour on'tho.part of brute?, nicknamed men, seem to(>ljp" on" the increase. A well merited punishment waV inflicted upon one «t these at tho Police Court yesterday, in which Mr. Hplo gave . evidence against tho accused. Doubtless, it is not a pleasant duty to assume ,-tho rOlc of prosecutor in such cases, but ho who does so certainly deserve* tho thanks of the community. The police are,, wo are informed, engaged at the present time iri endeavouring to obtain a conviction against another,of the class referred to. RESIDENTS living at the eastern side of the the Post and Telegraph Offices complain that since the erection of the Commercial Bank, they arc umthle fo see the town clock. If the towerrcan be raised a few feet highor with "«afoiy; so'ftB'to enable all the townsfolk iosco the diuUof the clock, it should bo done at oneei* 'Perhaps Messrs. Bosaley arid Parsons will draw the attention of tho heads of their departments to the matter. , _ IT will be seen by our advertising colupms .LlYat^Mr. Hj,\ R, Garland has taken into partnership - with him, in his business as solicitor,' &c;, Mr. J. \V. Anderson. The style and name under which the nesv business will bo carriod on is Garland and Andorsun. lAVe wish them'overy success. TliE decking across the wood culvert near Dr. »Tayler'a residence, Gurwood- street, re* quires attention before an accident occurs. If a horse happens to'put bi3 foot on the decayed portion, the consequences may bo serious. We! 'fiave fbcen 1 requested' by!tMr. J. Hawkes, the secretary,of tho Murrumbidgce Turf 'Club', to aririouncef tliat the entrances! for the Autumn Handicap and tho Publicans', Purse close on Wcducsday at 4p.m.. HAp;it'D<)t;been mentioned bygone of the; newly^^elected' works 'cnWmitteo at the' Mu^iicip'tinCouhcil ? lneetinfi^lastl'huraday, their intentiou to. take into .consideration at once the miilririg of" tlio'footways in Fitz-r maui icO'Strcet)* wo should.-: feel .compelled to? refer to the disgraceful state of tho footway , opposite to tho Courtrbouso, twhieh requires' immcdiato'attoution,land-should'bc wended: .temporarily. >,y 4, ... . . , ; Wk bog to remind our readers that the; tirBt.mmuarmooting ofrtho Progress Com*. mittoe5 fcxkos^place; this evening/ on'which occasion .' tho iirst annual, roport will be pro* sentod for adoption. *,T: > Ox Friday last tho residence, tannery and sheds belonging? (to Mr. T. Denning, and' situated m Dobbs-strect, on the banks of iWdllundry Lagoon, had a mo3t providential escape from ;totnl. destruction by'lire. It ap pears a Chinaman 'employed at tlio tannery was preparing to celebrate, his Now Years "Dayi which! fell on Saturday, aucl had pur 7clihae(l ;a large , supply of omckci's which he 'freely, distributed to Mi\ Denning's children, .wllo commc'nccd at once to let them off. ' Care* was taken to do this at some distance from the house. After the children had gone to)school Mrs. Denning noticed, a strong 'smell of fire^ but thought it proceeded from the. bush'fires. Happening to to go outside . she saw-tho. wooden structure ut the rear of the hriek bottage ail ablaze. Unfortunately Mr. Donning nud his employes were not at homo. Mrs. Denning bravely set to work \- calling ,ifc tho same time for help. Luckily .two' tubs of soapsuds were at hand, ami these were quickly thrown upon the burning mass, but were-not sufficient to extinguish it. Happily the, calls for help were heard by a man1- named Harry Green, who was near at hand, and promptly rendered all the assist ance in his power. In a short time the lire was got under, and the premises saved. It ;is supposed by Mr, Denning that the strong wind? which. blew on Friday musfciiiave ear ned n burning cracker to a heap of stringy bark which lay. near -the shed thus causing the fire'.1: '' V \ K: TitE-report of thelinspcctor of credit selec tions, South AustmUa,: t^ys ; iu several:. hun dreds jn the north sta^s ^thut thc avera^e Icrbp will iiot bo. more thau brio and a half bushels to tho acre." This is said to be owing ' tojtho'sinall rainfall during the last half-year,1 viz.; about SV- inches, coupled hvith the ^ter rible yisitatiou of locusts. ; : following cohversation~tho genuiiio* ncss of which wo can'vouch' for-took place on ..Thursday' (says v'tho Age) between a Minister "of the'Crown and ono of the officers of-tho Russian. squadron. After a reference to tlio article in tho Ar;e on Tliursday morning relative to the intercepted despatch, and a few jocular remarks thereancnt, the Hussiau ; >p/Uber/8uid : ;,u Well, you noed not care ; yoti , are not so dofonceles3 as some peoplo try to make'out, . If you'were to sink a couple of hulks at ,tho, Heads,' lay a,.few of tho best torpedoes,* and employ a ? swift 'gunboat to cruise about at tho entrance, .on enemy , would hare" a great^ doaPof di/fictilij? iri ' entering .your p'ort,**- .. "A..:/;-: ' ' ;r:TitE racohbrso ;Erps,' 'wliiciris.'Vorfdrming so well inYictoriaVwas formorly tho property of Mr. John Lloyd, and ran, it may bo re memboretJilafc the Just Qundaga'i annual meet ing* ? ^ THE railway lino from Narandera Will/it is stated, be opened to. within 35 miles of Hay in tho course of a few days, and be completed through to Hay by 1st July. . n .. THE Victorian Ministers (s^ys tha S. M. IleraUl), Messi*s. Bent and Graves, met tho Minister'for Works, the Hon. John Lackey, on,Friday morning to discuss the conditions upon which the railway systems of tho two colonics are to be conncctcd. It will bo gratifying to know that the Ministers .met f with a mutual desire to carry out tho views of the two colonics, and that nothing occurred . to^ prevent the arrangements contemplated . being . satisfactorily completed. Tho con ditions agreed upon with rcspcct to the con necting of the railway system of the two colonies provide that the rails on both the 5 feet 3 inches and 4 feet Si inchcs lines shall be GO-lb. weight per yard. A temporary ;<ml a permanent1 bridge are to be erected over the Murray River at Albury. The perma nent bridge is to be ercctcd by the New South Wales Government the Government of Victoria paying one-half the cost. A tem porary timber bridge (300 feet in length) is to be ercctcd one chain cast of the iron bridge by the Victorian Govcriuucnt at an estimated cost of £2000, half of which will bo borne by each colony, Tho connection of tho lines is to bo cffcetecl as expeditiously as practicable. Tho Victorian Government will bear tho cost of all works constructed on the Viotorian sido, and tho New Suuih Wales Go vernment will do likowise with rcspcct to ull works otbor thon tho bridges constructed on tho Now .South Wales side. The question of tho Howlotig bridge was allowed to stand over for further consideration. Tho quest ion as to where the railway station should be, which was rather a knotty ono, as ouch colony do sired to have it on its own side of the border, has beon disposed of by tho following arrange' ment: There aro to bo two stations, one at Albury and one at Wodongo. All New South Wales passenger and goods trains uro to run to tho Wodonga station, and the cost of trans forrin^' ull goods utid passengers is to bo paid by Victoria; all Victorian passenger and goods trains aro to run to Albury, and tho cost of transferring all goods and passengers is to bo borno by Now South Wales, Skvku.vl interesting returns (says tho S, \ M. Herald) relating to the ccnaitb of New South AVidcs for 18$ I were issued from the census department yesterday morning. The population, of the colony at tho ccnstts of 1SS1, us fiuaUy corrected, stands thus; Sydney, 103,379; suburbs, 1120,832; country districts, o27,2r»7 ; total, 7ol,'10S. Tho sexes arc proportioned thtta; Males, .!! 1,140; females, 310,310. It may be added that while males preponderate in Sydney and the country, the balance favours the other sex in the suburbs. Tho numerical increase since 1671 is as 1'ollows : - Sydney, *2S,951S ; anburhj, G0,50S; country, l.r>S,023 ; total, 247,407. This -gives jv eentcsimnl in crease of 38*90 for the city, 100*30 for tho suburbs, and 42*7t) for the country, 12U towns and villages show an increaso of population for tho dcconniul period, while 37 towns and villages show a decrease of popu lation, most of the UHor being towns situated in mining districts or along railway lines. The returns show iJimt- there were in 1S81 no lean than 122 town® and villages which either did not exi.<' in 1881, or then contained less than lOt) inhabitants. There wore 47 muni cipal boroughs and 43 municipal districts in 1831, with an aggregate population of 355.004, whieh is an increase since 1871 of 103,4S1, and shows that nearly halt the people in tho colony are living in its incorporated portions. IN' connection with the returns of the Victorian census, tho following interesting returns wo give hy people possessing no re ligion : - Agnostics, 45 males, 8 females ; L;.S. IX, 3 males; atheists, 37 males j secu larists, 7 males ; infidels, 14 males; free trado, 1 male ; cosmopolitan, 4 males; posi tive, 1 in de; no profession, 17 females; materialists, 24 males ; unbelievers, 4males ; sceptic, 1 male ; nature, 1 male ; herctic, 1 male; no religion (so returned), 1852 males, 587 females ; unspecified, 3S1S males, 2G09 females; objecting to state their religion from conscioutious scruples, 5723 males, 2875 females. SATintDAY'd Age says: - The Kilmoro schoolmaster, John Charles Hayes, yester day appeared in the Central Criminal Court to answer a presentment filed by the At torncy-Geueral, charging him with having on the 20th September last indecently and unlawfully assaulted four children, all under the ago of 12 years, named .Marie Steele, Amy Weaver, Annie MMMrnoy and Ada Stinson, pupils attending his school. The prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr, Purvcs. A quantity of evidence was taken, a number of children being examined, all of whom gave evidence as to the character of the assault complained of. The children were all in the infant class, and it was during the reading lesson that the offences were committed. In the case of tho gjr]a Marie Steele, Annie M'Kirney and Ada Stinson, it appeared that tho conduct of the prisoner amount to scarcely more than undue familiarity, but in the case of Amy Weaver, it was such that if true his Honor Mr. Justice Holroyd did not hesitate to characterise it unmistakably as an , indecent assault. This child, ou the occasion in question, wore an ulster buttoned right down tho front, and her evidence was that tho prisoner unbutsoned the garment and behaved towards her with undue familiarity. No witnesses were called for the defence, but Mr. Purves made a Btrong appeal to tho jury on the prisoner's behalf, contending that tho conduct complaincd of was not of tho in decent character ascribed, that it was not indecent by any unlawful desire, and that it was nothing- more than taking the^ little things on'his knee, or patting them in the way of kiudness, so as to encourage them in theirlessons. His Houor, in. his charge to the jury, eummed up oil tho whole unfavour ably towards the prisoner. The jury were locked up until ten,p.m., and a verdict of guilty was then'returned against the prisoner in the case of Amy Weaver. He was. re? manded for sentence. Tiib Bombay Times slates that a serious robbery occurred at. tho Zoological Gardens some timo on Monday night, January 2. A fancy .fair was held in 'the gardens that day, and the whole of t ho gaUrproceods, amount ing to over 6000 rupees, principally silver, wero placed by the treasurer of tho Fair Oommitleejn'a largo1 iron chest belonging to tho Zoological Gardensj which is kopt in the lodge at the gates. The key of tho lodgo was given to tho durwan by the treasurer.about 8 o'clock. At an early hour on Tuesday morn ing the door; lock of: tho lodge was found picked and open, the iron chest in which tho money had been deposited smashed and broken up, and ;the wholo of the money miss ing. The police were promptly communicated with, and it transpired that under tho orders of the Commissioner an extra force of thirty policemen had been. stationed in and about tho gardens for purpose of keeping watch and guard over the contents of the different stalls, the contents of which had been left there for tho purpose of sulo on tho second day of the fair. Theso men state that they saw nothing during tho night. It wos a bright moonlight night. While an investigation was proceed ing a natiro was observed uttcinpting toloavo the gardens. In doing so ho dropped a bag of rupees. Ho was pursued and arrested, a roll ot'notes being found on him» Fiiom Gabo Island we learn that tlio barque Romeo van ashoro on Tuesday morn ing near Ram Head, and was tilling up when the captaiu left.- The vessel is likely to be come a total wreck. All hands have been saved, numbering 19, and including the captain's wife atid family. The captain loft the vessel at half- past 4 on Tuesday morn ing;; and arrived at: Gabo at 2 o'clock on 'Wednesday afternoon. He. reports running . ashore though mistaking the land for a fog bank.^fThe Kpmeo is an irou barque of 641 tons register, built and owned in Liverpool, and was on a Voyage from Hamburg to Sydney, with* a cargo consisting of pianos and .cement. v Whcu they left the ship in tho : gig the captain steered for Gabo Island, bnt the crew .becoming exhausted, they dotcr mincd'to land on tho beach near Bostion .Point, r This M'as done, and they slept all night-in the bush, leaving ou Wednesday morning at 9 o'clock for Gabo, where they arrived safely, having left the ship's gig on the beach > near Rostion Point. The vessel was consigned to Messrs. J» Fraxcr and Co., of Sydney. <. -Tltft Jlliyhi Watchman relates that on Mon day, 0th instant, Mr. O'Connor, contractor, wns.makiug his way from Gunnedah, on foot, his horse having knocked up. He left Rocky Glonvat-11 a.m., depending on getting water at Munnin Creek, 19 miles distant, but on arriring thoro found tho small drop of water in.an old well putrid with the eureases o£ eight dead kangaroos. Disappointed hero, ho pushed on 15 miles to walk in tho heat before ho could get a drink, but when near tho town his sufferings wero so great that ho lay down to rest. He does not know whether ho slept or not.^but.it appears to havo been dark when he rose again; and in the confusion ho turnod back the way he.came, and was mot by John Jtfeatp about seven miles from town, travel ling back towards Rooky Glen stripped and carrying his clothes in his hand. Mr. Neate hud no water with him, but as ho was riding a maro which had a foal, ho managed to gob a drop of milk to moisten the sufferer's lips, and then, dismounting himself, the good Samaritan gave his horso to O'Connor, and walked into town himself. Dew OF the Alps.-The world outside of Europe having discovered that this palatable tonic liqueur is the finest invigorant extant, the demand for it in the west Indies, South Amorica and Australia has literally become enormous. It is strange for hundreds of years so wonderful an appetizer and stomachic should have been comparatively unknown beyond the Swiss frontiers, and the thanks of millions are due to Messrs. M. Moss and Co., the well-known importers for having in troduced it. The shipments to Australia during the past year havo been so large as to warrant the belief that tho "Dew of tho Alps" will eventually supercede most of tho other advertised tonics now in use.-Ai>VT. 