DISASTROUS BUSH FIRES. . On Sunday, January 29, a day on which the temperature in Melbourne exceeded 105deg. in the shade, and a fierce hot wind was blowing, some very destructive fires Bwept some parts of the colony. VVe quote a few despatches showing the damage done and the alarm occasioned. A telegram from Lancefield, dated January 30, reported :— One of the moat disastrous bush tires that have happened in the Lancefield district since the memor able ' Black Monday,' some sixteen years ago, occurred yester day, when the Dividing Range, for a distance of about 20 miles, was in llames. The lire, it seems,, has been burning within a small compass for the last three weeks, but the violent north winds experienced yesterday caused it to spread beyond control, and it flew with almost lightning rapidity in a north-eastern direction towards Lancefield, consuming everything before it. Homesteads were devastated, and not a vestige of fencing is left along the course the tire pursued. The principal sufferers so far as can be ascertained at present are Messrs. Hunt, Phillips, M'Guigan, M'Garey, Hales, Cullen, Halfpenny, Beasley, Dwyer, and Jones. There are many other heavy losers, whose names have not yet been ascertained: In many instances, particularly those of Messrs. Hunt, M'Guigan, and Halfpenny, great difficulty was experienced in saving the dwellinghouses. Mr. Beasley, of Dunsford's station, has had a number of sheep destroyed, but the extent of the loss cannot yet be ascertained. When the fire reached the Deep Creep, in Dunsford's station, a quarter of a mile from the township, the wind changed into the south, by which circumstance alone the township, and indeed the whole district to the south, waa saved. The change, however, carried the fire back over the portions which had previously; escaped, and the damage done is calculated by thousands. Hundreds of men exerted themselves to the utmost, but their exertions were ineffectual to stay the progress of the tire, and instances are to hand of narrow escapes from destruction of human life. At night the scene, as witnessed from Lancefield, was one of terrific grandeur, the whole range being illuminated for a breadth of 20 miles, presenting the appearance of one fiery mass. Groups of the inhabitants occupied the streets almost all night watching the spectacle/and the greatest sympathy is felt for the sufferers by the terrible disaster, the full extent of which will riot be known for some days. To-day the wind is blowing from the south, and it is munh r.nnler. and hones are entertained that the progress of the fire may be arrested. On the same day it was reported from Jamieson:— For the last two days bush-fires have been 'raging extensively on the mountains around the Jamieson township, and fearB. are enter tained that uhleHS a fall of rain takes place soon the various . farms in the valleys will be destroyed. The fire is burning now fiercely for a distance of three miles on one side of the township. A Kyneton despatch stated : — Bush fires were prevalent yesterday iTat ToddT8 Creeki near Jdrrett's run. ?? M'Garry, one of the Bettlers, ,twa8 burnt out, and -other damage was done. At Bullengarook, Messrs. Thorburn Brothers' saw mill, with dwelling-house, black Binith's shop, and other buildings, were destroyed. The inmates only escaped with difficulty. Three was a slight fall of rain at mid day to-day, and the air is now much cooler. From Daylesford we were told a bush fire which had been burning lightly for Borne days to the north of Daylesford began to travel yesterday morning, and by nighttime had reached from near Dry DiggingB to Coomoora, a distance of some miles, clearing everything in its way. Several farmers had portions of their property burnt, and Mr. David Scott lost everything but his farm-house, the damage .done to bis property being over £2,000. The total loss to the farmers and others can hardly be estimated at present, but it must reach several thousand pounds. Every effort wan made to stay the flames, but owing to the heat of the weather it whb not till night time, when a strong north wind that had been blowing veered round to the south, that the spread of fire to some extent ceased. An Echuca telegram, dated the same day, said: — A terrible bush fire occurred at Kanyapella yesterday, the whole country side being one mass of flames. The following selectors were burnt out, and aB the fire was extending towards Tongala, it is feared that others will Buffer : — Mr. Easton, fencing and grass destroyed ; Mr. Eisele, fencing, stables, and grass destroyed ; Air. Graham, fencing and grass consumed ; Mr. M'Leod, loss of fencing ; Mr. Miller, all his grass and nearly all his fences burnt; Mr. Domaille, nearly all his grass and fencing burnt. Graham's and Domaille's houses were saved with difficulty, and all the inhabitants of the parish were working like Trojans to stay the progress of the wall of fire, which carried devastation through an immense tract of country. Accounts received to-day from the scene of the disaster Btate that the fire is now burning towards Yambuna (Goulburn Valley), that the timber is on fire, but that all the adults in the district have tnrned out and will be sufficient, it is believed, to save the farmhouses and fences from destruction. 