FinIn AT MUMMELLc.-Wo regret to learn that on Saturday morning last, about eleven o'clock, a firo occurred at gMummell which completely destroyed two stacks of hay, containing together about twenty tons, the property of Mr. James Johnson. The fire is supposed to have been caused by a little girl, about fouryears of ago, playing with matches. The property was not insured; and the loss, especially at nuch a season as this, is a most serious one. PnrurTIvE MirfTnoDnsT.-The services at the Primitive Methodist Church, Lagoon- street, on Sun day last possessed a twofold interest, the noewly-ap. pointed resident ministor, the Rlev. G. James, making his introduction to the congregation by preaching thbo Anniversary Sermons. The attend ance both morning and evening was largo, and the preacher carried his hearers with him through ex collent discourses, that of the morning, on the theme Love One Anothor, being particularly forcible and appropriate. To-morrow evening the anniversary tea.meeting will be hold, followed by a public meet. ing at which fMr. W. S. Foxall, J.P. will preside. ALcx,?m onr Fmrn.-Yesterday evening, between six and seven o'clock, a cottage situated in Auburn-street belonging to Mr. S. Silver was discovered by Mr. W. Thompson to be on fire. The late tonant had only vacated the place a few hours, and it is presumed that soome fire had been left, as it was found that the flames proceeded from the chimney attached to a slab skillion at the rear of tile promises. The alarm was raised, and Mr. Silver and a number of others were soon on the spot. Under Mr. Silver's instructions a rope was passed round the chimney, and with the assistance of a number of willing hands it was speedily pulled down and the fire qunenched. Had it not been for thie prompt action displayed tile whole place must have quiokly been burnt to the ground. HOLLOWAY'S COMnEDY AND DRuAnMATIC COMPANY commenced a short season last night at thue mechanics' institute. There was a fair house. The performance commenced with the romantic comedy-drama of -Sunshine through the Clouds, Mrs. H. Holloway sustaining the part of tihe Countess do Clairville, the heroino of the piece, and being supported by Miss Nellie Montague as the mother, while Mr. Holloway played the part of lRobert, a gardener who afterwards turns out to be a lord. The drama was well mounted, and the parts carefully studied, the various members of the company acquitting themselves with much credit. The performance concluded with a comic afterpiece. To-night the company play the drama of the Now Magdalen, to be followed by the farce of the Limerick Boy, in which Mr. J. O'Neill, a clever low comedian, takes the principal part. LNTI:InCnLONIAL JUVENILE IND)USTIIIn.L ExIInITION. -A movement is on foot for holding an intercolonial juvenile exhibition at the Garden Palace, Sydney, at tho close of the present year. Mr. R. D. Bannister, offices, Garden Palace, is the secretary and superin. tendent; and tho committee invite the young people of both sexes under twenty-one years of age, in all the Australian colonies, to assist in malting the exhi bition a success by contributing <their handiwork. Parents, employers, teachers, and all who take an interest in the rising generation are invited to give their earnest co-operation and tountenanco to the mnvmmlrrll DEATHI OF A Vrcror..s PIrNEErn.-The Beechworth correspondent of tile Melbourne Argus states that Mr. Charles H. Barber, one of the oldest and most respected residents of that district, died very suddenly on. Thursday afternoon, having fallen down in Ford-street while walking with a friend. His death, which was enaused by failure of action of the heart, created a painful sensation, and a very universal feeling of regret. As a nephew of the explorer Hume, and his assistant, he was one of the pioneers of settlement in the colony before the separation from Noew South Wales took place, and if not tile first he was one of the first to take up a rul on the Kiewa River, which he held since 1836 up to the time of his death. The deceased gentleman was about sixty-five years of age. The nonual register of wrecks shows that during the year 1881, eighteen wrecks occurred on the coast of New South Wales, entailing tile loss of thirty-.nine lives. An extraordinary accident occurred on Friday morning at Dumbrell's steam saw-mills, North Albury. A boiler-engine burst, and a young man, a son of the proprietor, was blown out of tie building fifteen feet away linto a yard, by the force of the explosion. He sustained no injuries beyond a slight wound in the leg. Bush-fires are again raging in many parts of Victoria, and doing much damage. The government of New South Wales have secured the services of Messra. Elder, Smith, and Co.'s cara van of camels, for tile purpose of carrying provisions to the Mount Potlo diggings. The Warrnambool woollen mills were destroyed by fire on Saturday night. The property was insured for £13,000. The Glen Innes Examiner has been reliably in formed that Mr. John Cameron, of Waterloo, threshed from four acres of land 250 bushels of wheat, being tihe extraordinary averageot 62f bushels to the acre. The yield at Red Range has been from 40 to 45 busheo per acro. Tile tender of Messrs. S. Bryant and Rowo has been accepted for the construction of the railway from Wodouga to the Murray Rliver, at £21,495 7/6,. Mr. Bent wished to stipulate that the work should be completed by the end of August, as was promised to thle Noe South Wales government ; but tho con tractors said that they based their calculations on a specified time, namely, in October, and feared to undertake to finish the line in a shorter period, as the work might be interfered with by winter floods. Commander Romilly has been appointed deputy., commissioner in theo South Pacific, and is to reside" at Now Britain. Accounts received of the American wheat crop are favourable. IMPOUNDED AT BnAIDWOOD, On 14th March, from St. Omers; sum due at date of notice, 10/:--Bed and. white bullock, indistinct brand likeo a over tB over 7 off thigh, rising 3 years. To be sold on 6th April. , IMPOUNDED AT Bono, on 21st March, from Bore; suim due at date of notice, 7/ :--Brown peoly cow, white in face, white on back, logs and belly, and on tail, like p over blotched brand near rump; red and white heifer calf at foot. To be sold on 18th3 April. IMPOUNDED AT QOEANDnEAN, on O0tll March, from Hope Lawn ; sum due at date of notice, 61- each : White steer, like 9 by side of like Y over bar con joined noar rump, 2 years ; spotted steer, same brand, 2" years;, strawberry steer, same brand, 2 years; strawvborry heifer, same brand, 2 years ; red and iwhito leifer, same brand, 2 years. To be sold on 6th April. • Tan G(oun.onu BooT-Pe,a cE.-Never before in the history of Goulburn Iave Boots and Shoes been purchased so cheaply as at present. In consequence of the'reduced prices adopted by the I'roprietor 'of the above Establishment, every householder in Town and Country, and visitors generally, can save their expenses over and over again by purchasing at the Goulburn Boot Palace. As every requieito in the trade is kept, and boots and shoces to suit all classes, no person should neglect to call upon W. T. Wood, at the Goulbrun Boot Palace.-Ar-r. Take of Geneva, the best you can find, with the purest and highest of spirits conibined; tile juice of the berry, the: esaence, as found in the forests of Switzerland, prized and renowned, just boil them together, and draw off TSI' secci, and WVolfo' Shiedeam Sclcappls is the re- sidu~um.-[After Gilbort ann tullivc-ns cPtie ibu.1.-Adrvr, 