BtSH FIRES. Yeab. after year we have iu the summer BiontlistTiesame^isasfcrousrecordof bush fires, destroying milesofpasture.fences, and timber, and sweeping away homesteads and too often the produce of the harvest. How to checktbis evil or lessen it is a problem about which settlers and their representatives iaParlia* ? ment have exercised their minds in vain. Suggestions of preeautionandprevention have constantly abounded, buteitherthey havebeen impracticable, or have not been applied, or , have been tried and found wanting. How the j fires all occur is a question on which there is | much differenced: opinion. Dropping lucifei-3 ? lighted or unlightcd, the carelessness of j smokers, the neglect of campers-out to ex- , languish their fires or prevent them fro:u igniting the grass, are all in tarn blamed, an I doubtless there is not one of these causes to which bush, fires may not justly be attri buted. There is occasionally also the work of the incendiary, and now and then stubHe-burning results- in the destruction of something, more valuable than- stubble. While, however, most bushfires are caused by the most shameful carelessness, it is extra ordinary how little pains some people take to guard their property. Any farmer could protect his holding by ploughing of burning round it^ whichever might be most convenient1 j and where fires travel great distances in farming country it is owing to this precaution not having been taken. With avery strong wind burning grass and piecas or burning bark or wood are blown across road; and ploughed or burnt spaces, but still thcs 3 breaks in the herbage lessen the danger very greatly, and in the majority of case3 stop the spread of a fife. It is said that the con fiagration which travelled over such a vast extent of pastoral and agricultural country last week in the neighborhood of Mount Gambier was purposely lighted by some scoundrels on horseback, but that it extended so far and did so great an amount of mischief seems to be owing to the fact that there was no break in the ignitable material between the different holdings or paddocks, but the grass continues from one farm into the next with out any intervening space of burnt or ploughed ground. To show* that many fanners in these matters take no thong lit for the morrow, it is only necessary to remember that often even their houses -and -sheds are unguarded against the devouring element, and are consumed so Tapidly that the inmates ^ean barely eseap; with, theii lives ; and there have, alas ! been instances of families being burned to 'death in their dwellings. A most extraordinary instancs of want of precaution is brought to light by the destruction of the battery and engine at ihe Stirling Mine by a bush fire a few days ago* This was surely a contingency that might have been guarded against. Even when it was observed that a conflagration was raging, a few men might, one would sup pose, have preserved this property by burning round it, but the proper measures appear to have been deferred till too late. This, how ever, is beyond doubt only one case amon^ many in which, every summer, property is sacrificed through want of foresight and judgment exhibited in not guarding against an enemy from which no one is safe in the pastoral country or in the agricultural dis tricts where there is much grass or forest land. 