;THE HARVEST AND THE WEATHER. I Says the Warnambool Standard of the 16th inst:—" Harvesting operations in this : district are fast approaching completion, and .on all sides we .hear of jgood results being obtained. The high averages" anticipated at ithe commencement of threshing have been ifully realised, whilst the quantity and conidition'of the c^re^Wve never "been e'xcellld iin i this ^strict, -and, will -bear. .cBmpqrison iwith any grown '-in- the 'whfeat-producirig 1 districts.' • Wheat has yielded 40 ' Hustiels to ?the acre,^-dats .^4S Itoftels^iidl j^l^raa !from ^up to85 bushels to ^e iacne- 'J pnietf tfiarmeTs btc now obtaiiaag' for* their cereals .are paying them well/ and' we vrish : . we -could gay the same of the potatoes. The tubers this year bare yielded abundantly and are of excellent quality, firm and dry. for transport." The Kiineton Guardian of the 18th inst., says:—" Since the previous returns given on the Ilth inst., threshing machines have been busy throughout the district. Mr. Peter M'Phereon, on Mr. Michael Brady's farm, threshed 154 bags of wheat out of the produce of 17 acres. Mr. Daniel Brady threshed 36 bags of barley off two acreB, which was a grand yield. Mr. Barrett's crop, in tho same neighbourhood, yielded 35 bushels wheat and 45 bushels oats per acre. Mr. Hansen, of Tyldcn, had 40 bushels oats and 30 of peas per acre. Mr. Brereton had 10 bags of wheat to the acre. The yield around Drummond was not so good as this, ranging from 25 to 35 'bushels of wheat per acre. There are some good yields anticipated near Woodend. Mr. Muntz, on the Campaspe, anticipates 50 bushels of oats to the acre from his 30 acres of crop, the heaviest yield he has ever had Mr. O'Hagan, near Kyneton railway station, had 530 bags of oats off 37 acres, being a little better than 60 bushels per acre." The Trentham correspondent of the Kyneton Quardian writes :—" All tbe crops in the district are now cut, and are being rapidly put into stack. When threshing operations are concluded, some sort of an average can be arrived at. There is, however, no doubt but this has been an exceptionally fine season for cereals, and the weather has been most propitious for harvesting. I cannot see that the splendid soil of Bullarto, or that near the site of M'Call's old sawmill, has given any greater yields than the remainder of the surrounding land, although it might be to the interest of parties who wish to sell to give it an extra puff." THE WEATHER AND THE HARVEST.—The Shepparton correspondent of tbe Telegraph writing on 17th inst., says :—The devastating drought, continues, and the horrors of tho water famine increase. Residents of Melbourne and suburbs, who complain of "a short supply " of Yan Yean occasionally, can form no idea of the powers of endurance called into requisition when there is no "supply" at- all, except when carted, perhaps, twenty miles. Selectors are discouraged, and no wonder—hence so many are resolving, if possible, to sell out, and quit a life surrounded with so many drawbacks. Our shire council are certainly doing all they can to mitigate the evil; but, with limited means,, and a very extensive area to cover, it will take a long time to provide enough wells or tanks for the requirement of the district. No work is so absolutely necessary in the colony as the providing an adequate water supply for the agricultural districts. What Government will undertake it? Grain'is still coming to hand in considerable quantities. Very few ever expected 5s. per bushel to be' again given for wheat in Shepparton. Thanks, however, to competition, which this year enriches our district to the tune of many thousands of pounds, this is now the caso. Does not the anxiety to purchase this year go to prove that last year's speculations were, highly remunerative ? I think so. Our gardens are dried up, and wo have but little or no fruit, and scarcely any vegetables. Even the Chinese gardeners are nonplussed with the heat and absence of rain. The River Goulburn is exceedingly low—lower, I think, than I have ever seen it, while the Broken Biver is reduced to a serieB of holes, in many of which the water is getting very foul. The Kilmore correspondent of the Telegraph w riting on Tuesday says :—Threshing is nearly completed, and as the land under crop has been lying idle for a number of, years, the yield is exceptionally good, Mr. Alexander Deeves topping the list with forty bushels of wheat to the acre, and fifty-six of oats; while Messrs. O'Connor, M'Manus, Donaghue, and others had from thirty tothirty-five bushels of wheat, and forty-five of oats. Owing to; these Tesults, cultivation is again likely to take the place of dairying. } On Tuesday the Bright correspondent of the Argue wrote: — The long-continued ' drought is becoming of serious moment.. Bush-fires are raging in every direction, and ; have destroyed several fences. 