BRIGHT. (from our own correspondent.) July 14. The long-continued absence of rain is becoming a serious matter in this district ; for if not soon favored with a shower there will be no grass for the winter, and the late crops of potatoes have little chance of maturing, with anything like a probability of giving satisfactory yields. Bush-fires on a large scale are still burning an the hills, on every side, and so bad have they oecome that the place is enveloped in smoke, like a dense wintry fog, penetrating and filling the dwellings as though a smokey chimney was in fall swing. Next to the execrable weather, the election for a member of the Mining Board now occupies the post of honor in public attention. On Saturday evening two meetings were held by the rival candi dates — Mr Radcliffe addressing the electors at Wandiligong, and Mr Weston unfolding his budget at Harrietville. The old member had a very well attended and improving meeting ; a resolution that he was a fit and proper person to represent the division being carried without division. A number of questions were asked the candidate, which being answered, the proceedings terminated, with a vote ot thanks to the chairman (Mr J. Hewit- son). Mr Weston's meeting at Harriet ville was not a success for that gentleman ; those present expressing great surprise and dissatisfaction at the meagre nature of Mr Weston's address, and the utter absence of practical suggestions for the amendment and improvement of the bye- laws. A meeting of delegates from the Boards of Advice in the Shire of Bright was held on Saturday evening last, re the establish ment of a district prize fund. A letter waB readfromthe Shire Council, intimatingthat a donation of £10 had been voted to the fund, and enclosing a cheque for that amonnt. It was resolved to invite the district inspector to prepare examination papers, and the delegates were requested to advise the secretary what schools in their respective districts will take part in tie scheme. The secretary was instructed i to procure 2250 donation cards ; and it was also agreed to have 50 copies of the regulations printed, as arranged by the chairman and secretary. Resolutions were passed, fixing the 30th September as the date on which the money is to be sent in by the schools, aud the 11th December the date for the examination. Before .separating, the delegates agreed that the examination shall be held at the Bright State-school, ; and fixed the maximum agc3 of competitors in the " respec tive classes as follows : — 3rd class, not over 11 years ; 4th class, not over twelve and a half years ; 5th class, not over fourteen years ; and sixth class, not over sixteen years. The meeting then adjourned. A special meeting of ; the Board of Advice for the North Riding of the Shire of Bright, was held on Saturday evening last. Present : Rev. E. G. Veal (Chair- man), Dr Wickens and Messrs Fraser and Smith (correspondent). Correspon dence was received from the Education Department, relative to repairs to fence between boys, aud girls, playground at Bright school and painting Porepunkah school. From Mr A. D. Weston, ex plaining his reason for being absent and intimating his approval of Mr Rylah re ceiving the appointment of head-:eacher of the -H right schcol permanently, and from Mr J. .VlcJonough. asking the assistance of the boaid to secure him the appointment of head-teacher in the Bright school. It was res lved. on tl>e otion of Dr Wickens, seconded by Mr Fraser. that the appoint ment of Mr Rylah, the present relieving officer, to the head-teachers dp of the Bright school, would receive the unani- tui/u' uviu ut ' uc i/v'tilu. i uc acui cuii j was instructed to inform Mr McDonough that the board had given its support to another. Writing of school boards natu rally brings children into remembrance, amonget whom in this district the plague of sore eyes continues to operaie with great malignity. So many youngsters are t> he ! met now with green shades over their j eyes or badges on. that one is re- j minded of the anpcdote told by the traveller who " did China," to the effect that out of every ten men he met eleven were cripples. I notice some of the metropolitan papers have been very severe on the health-offi cer in chai-ge of the late small pox pa tients, Dr Bulmer, on account of the eccentric nature of the telegrams for warded by him to head quarters ; but I was not in the least surprised at the doctor's performances. I remember him as an applicant for the appointment of lodge surgeon to the benefit societies in the Bright district, when he wrote at least one letter every day, from the time he first saw the notice in the papers until he was informed the business had been settled. The doctor kindly informed the committee about half a dozen times that his age was so and so ; that he was married and had no children ; and that Mrs B. was passionately fond of country life, and an enthusiastic gardener. The committee was also tempted with the pro mise that if they appointed him he would become a member of each and all of the societies, though how he was going to re main a good Presbyterian, and still be a loyal brother of the Hibernian Society, he did not explain. With all innocence pos sible, Dr B. asked would a stable for his horse be procurable, or if not, was there a paddock anywhere in the neighborhood that he could rent. His tender was quite an original document in its way ; the fee per member per annum was named, con cluding with the intimation that if the amount named was too high, the commit tee might reduce it to be equal to the lowest tenderer. The suggestion was not adopted. An accident of a very serious nature occurred to-day in a quartz claim owned by Messrs Gladders and Hearn, on the right branch of Growler's Creek, by which a miner named Frederick Croft, narrowly escaped losing his life. A charge of powder missed fire, and in drawing it an explosion took place which severely burnt his left hand and arm and inflicted severe injuries to his face. He was shortly after the accident removed to his residence and the wounds dressed by Dr Wickens, who says that although temporary loss of sight will be the result, there is reason to believe that the use of both eyes will be regained on the swelling and inflammation subsiding. Much sympathy is expressed for Mr Croft in his misfortune, by the numerous friends to whom he was known as a most industrious and steady man. There is very little of a startlingly interesting nature transpiring in the miners here at present. The New Wallace Deep Lead Company, are going on with the erection of their extensive plant, which it is intended to complete before commencing sinking. The Trident Quartz Mining Com pany at Stackey Gully a>-e pushing on with the erection of their machinery, and the Wandiligong Estate Deep Lead Gold Mining Company have men on sinking, a depth of about 18ft. having been reached. The Myrtle Company are crushing a parcel of about 100 tons at Fraser's Mill, tribntors in the claim named and the London are waiting to be put through. A new reef has been discovered by Messrs J. Bittles, jun., and R. Ruxton, about half a mile above Fraser's Mill, on the edge of the creek. They have snnk on it nearly 20ft, and the prospects of its turning out payable are very good. The shute averages about a foot thick and so far consists of soft rotten quartz, but at bottom of shaft is making into a solid reef. 