PITH AND POINT. Tho libel laws in Now Zealand are said to be in a very satisfactory condition. This is at tributed to tho fact that at least ono-sixtU pf the members of tho Houbq aro journalists, and it is thought by the Sydney people that tho timo lias come wheu tho Press should be quite db largely represented in the Parliament of that colony. Tho Swan Hill people want a Polico Magis trate, and ask that Mr Edward Garsood may bo appointed. Dr. Dob3on will consider the requests. Tho Vibert board has commenced its sittings at Sandhurst. Tho St. Kilda Municipal Council propose to float a loan of L25, 000 for tho construction of permanent works, . Representatives of the cities, towns, and boroughs mot yesterday, to consider the new Amended Local Government Act, and after several suggestions had been mado, it was decided to urge the Government to pro ceed with tho measures as speedily as pos sible, Tho receipts of tho Victorian railways for tho week ending tho 16th Innt, wero L32,3950s lOd, as against L32,776 3s 7d for the corresponding period last year. A porioua gale has been experienced in the British, Channel. Tho Havre lifo-boathas bcon canai/.ed, and many lives lost. Messrs Graves and Young inspected tho works at tho Gippsland Lakes yoatorday, and determined to erect a lighthouso at Jimmy's Point. They afterwards wont to Paynesville, and ap)M)inted Captain Quail as pilot and signal man. After inspecting the Octo pus, thoy returned to Melbourno by tho. lost train, Serious bush-fires havo bcon experienced at Onkaparinga, in South Australia. The Sterling Mine's plant and a largo quan tity of property havo been destroyed. Tho area of the firo is estimated at 10 miles. Tho OainpaspoRivor is only a chain of wator holes. The plains about Kcnuca are as arid and bare of grass as a billiard tablo. Sir John Robertson foil into tho water from tho Circular Quay, Sydney, on Saturday, but although heavily clothed ho managed to swim asboi'o. A now racing club bas been formed at Rod- row, near Briebnno. Tho Moonta- Mining Company's profits for # the half-year amounted to L28,919. Tho Emperor of Germany warmly recipro cates tho good wishes of the Czar. Tho Rev. Charles Strong, who leaves by tho mail steamer on Thursday, was entertaiped at luncheon at Scott's Hotel yeBtorday. There is a slight outbreak of scarlet fovor m Ballarat East. _ ' . The survey of tho Ballarat and Scarsdale line is finished. Mount Warrouhoip was on fire yesterday; ho first timo for many y ears. 