NEW RAILWAY TIME-TABLES.—The first portion of the Mudgee railway was opened on Monday last. The distance opened is twenty-two miles fifty-one chains from Wallerawang, the present terminal point being Capertree. The opportunity has been taken to issue new time-tables. There are no changes af- fecting the through trains on the southern line ; but there are one or two features of novelty in the time- tables. In the first place, instead of including the southern and western systems in one sheet, separate tables have been issued, the one comprising the west- ern and the Richmond lines, and the other the south and south-western lines. In the next place, in addi- tion to the times of departure and the distances, the rates of passengers' fares-first and second class, single and excursion are given. This makes the information afforded by the tables more complete and useful to the public than hitherto. PHOTOGRAPHY.—The American Glacé Photographic Company, who have been doing business in Albury for the past few months, are about to leave for Goul- burn. Pictures taken by the glacé process are covered by an insoluble coating of isinglass and chrome alum, which it is stated not only enriches the tone, softens while developing details, but renders the portrait impervious to atmospheric dampness or decay. The local press of Albury speaks very highly of the portraits taken by the company in that town. OBSTRUCTION TO ROAD, PARISH OF WATO.— Lieutennnt-colonel Holborow M.P. has received the following communication from the department of mines in reference to a complaint made of obstruction of the road mentioned therein:— Department of Mines, Sydney, 13th May 1882. Sir,-rWithl rerenceto to tho cooplaiut mnde by Mr. A. S. '?Ianluoi r'l?ritilg t?eo oba?.zrtiono of ron throligh A. Cra, J. iray, ned ariJ. Lych's laurdso,pNrih olu o I rt dirtled ob the n orctn?ay for ilos n to illtlor n tllOat I e nad auollin.ded Lt tixpcars to bo Iienltical with an unseuL nl which wais rona rll? ill 110 Rlld forually opOllo in1867, anud ano reserved Ii lIn ,ucaillo?illillts of ti o larlors. Therefore the punbllic alvo a right to the Ouobstruclotl uson it. I hrrr, ac., Ot.?aQt t?. IItttuuo, For thu Under- secrotry. Lieutena.ot-eolonl Itolborow M.P., tlichloanad. .FNoA FtArt.--Next weetk will bt held at the mrtchanics' itatituto a bazalr or fancy fair in aid of tlio Saored lleart Clhrcfh, North tIoulbourn. It will opeonit Monldayad olosoeon the Saturday followiog. It. is .wxpvctted to be of no unusunlly attrauctio lhatrler. Lltot'snao AcT.-Sub.inspcctor Pantrnck Lyons has been appointed sub-inspector under the Licensing Act of 1889, for the district of Youn5, GOULURNar MEc?hTANIS' I.STITUT.--At a special meeting of the committee of this institute yesterday evening the president stated that he had received a license from the colonial secretary authorizing the holding of public entertainments.-A communica tion was received from the trustees stating that they had held a meeting and had agreed to the fol lowiog resolution: "That until the present debt contracted by the trustees with the Bank of Now South Wales, amounting to £800 or thereabouts, is paid off, the trustees do not see their way to in crease their liability to a further sum of £3000." A short discussion ensued upon this resolution, and it was eventually resolved, that taking into considera tion the altered cirenmstances, the question of on larging the hall stand over for the present.-The sent of Mr. Deacon on the comnmitteC having become vacant by his absence, the secretary was directed to sonmon Mr. D. J. Me Leod, the next in rotation on the ballot paper. TuoE SEQUEL To THE STORY OF A WATcI.-We referred oin a previous occasion to the case Emanuel v. Road, in which the plaintiff sued defendant, a watchmaker in Goulburn, for the recovery of a watch left with him for repair. The case of the watch, which was of gold, had to bhe rochased and engraved, and for this purpose wars sent to Sydney. It was stated to have been posted in Sydney for Goulburn after the work had been done, hut it never reached the hands of Mr. Read, and it is presumed to have been lost in transit. The owner sought recovery by legal process. On the first hearing the bench made no order. On the second hearing, defendant was ordered to return the watch within seven days. He was of course unable to comply with the order of the court, and was yesterday summoned to show cauise. After hearing evidence the bench adjudged defend. ant to pay £15 as the value of the watch, with £2 2/. professional costs, and 11/8 costs of court, alto. gather £17 13/8; besides this there are his own costs andl loss of time and annoyance, the whole making a heavy penalty for a tradesman to incur from no fault of his own. A?inrST ON A CHAnae or HRnSE-sTE?,ING,-Pat. rick,Marshall, one of the witnesses in the case Mar shall v. Pooley tried at the late district court, has been apprehended under a warrant on the charge of stealing the blood filly in reference to which the action arose. He was arrested at Crookwell and re. manded to Queanubeyan, and was last night lodged in the Gonlburn lockup, whonco he will be forwarded in due course. ONEr T ENT THROUGH THE POST IN A NEWSPAPER. -As one of the assistants at the post-office was making up the mails for Sydney on the 8th instaut he noticed a newspaper which lie thought was rather heavy, addressed " Mr. J. Riedy, care of Finlaysoo and Co., 140 Clarnoce-street, Sydney." He at once drew the attention of tile postmaster to the matter, and the paper was opened, when it was found to contain two pieces of card-board, and between tile card- board there were two half. - crowns. The postmaster enclosed the paper and the contents in an envelope, registered the letter, nud forwarded it to the secretary at the general post-olfice. On Wednesday morning a reply was received that the paper and money had been put in the dead letter office, and the postmaster here is instructed to endeavour to find out the seoder. COnncu or ENau.AND.-A tea-meeting was held at Gundagai on Thursday last, to welcome the Bishop of Goulburn to that part of his diocese. The tea.meoeting ws followed by a public meeting. There was a large attendance, and several addresses were delivered. The Bishop advocated the claims of the Church Society and of the cathedral fund upon the members of the church throughout the diocese; and gave some interesting details of the work per formed during his present visitation. Referring to the now diocese of Riverina, lie observed it would include a large part of tho present diocese of Goul. burn. It would start at a point a little way below Wagga Wagga, and a little below Albury, and stretch to the South Australian border. The Bishop's address was well received. BIRTHS, DEATHS, AND MARRIAGES. - Mr. Robert Hugh Acheson has been appointed registrar of births, deaths, and marriages for the district of Manaro, at Cooma. DISEASE AeIONsST CATTLE.-There is 80me kind of new disease amongst the cattle in parts of the Yass district. Between Woolgarlo and Cavan they are dying almost every day. Some of the owners believe it to be a strange disease that has been imn ported amongst the cattle by passing stock, while others attribute it to a poisonous weed that has made its appearance on the flats of thle Murrum bidgee.-Yass Courier. SUICIDE AT MOLONSLO.-ThO Qucaubeyan papers report a sad case of suicide at Molonglo. Deceased was a middle.aged woman named Maria Pullet, and, was the wife of William collot, farmer and mason, residing at the Burnt Hut, MIolonglo. On Saturday night last they had a little disagreement respecting some family arrangements ; and while under oex citement deceased swallowed poison, which resulted in death. The substance taken was supposed to be the poison known as vermin.killer. Mr. Parr, coroner, held an inquest on Monday. Tie medical evidence showed that death resulted from poison, and the jury returned a verdict that deceased poisoned herself whilst in a state of temporary insanity. DesTrucrtos or SnEPr nv Doos.--On last Friday night Mr. . J. K. Humeo had ninety.five sheep killed by dogs in a paddock adjoining the Euralie paddock, and between Saturday night and Sunday morning Mr. S. Hall had over sixty sheep killed by dogs in the Marclhmout paddock, which adjoins that which has been known as Saiupson's paddock. In each case the dogs belonged to people living in the town, and whether they are registered or not the owners should not allow them to roam about and cause such almost irrecoverable damage. In the last case the sheep were driven down on to the racecourse, between the grandstand and the town, and besides those killed there have been a number so badly bitten that they will have to be destroyed. In the first-mentioned serious loss the sheep were in the charge of that most painstaking of overseers, Mr. John Venables; and besides the sheep be found dead there were a number worried, lying almost useless, and one hundred and twenty.five out of the flock have been driven away and not yet recovered. The worst feature in both of these cases is that the sheep were of a superior breed.--Yass Courier. I'nOPOOED hAILWAY TO T-UII:IIUSIBA.-Mr. Mol. rose, surveyor, lhas received instructions to makeo a flying survey for a branch railway to Tumberumba. A great difforouce of opinion prevails as to tlho proper route. It is supposed IMr. Melroso has been directed to follow tile Tumut route, as loe sttrted from Cootamundra and proceeded by way of Gun dagai -and Tumut to Tumberumba. Thel Wagga Express considers however that the proper route would e'b via Wagga; that the Tumut route in volves serious engineering diffliculties, while tile route Cnlcairn v. Germanton would throw the trade of an important district into the hands of Victoria. MEDICAL.--Robert McKillop Esq., Fell R. Coll. Surg., Edin., 1882, having submitted to the New South Wales medical board the necessary testimonials and qualifications for additional registration, has been duly declared a qualified medical practitioner in terms of the act 2nd, Victoria, chap. 22. [We believe Dr. McKillop intends practising in Goul burn.] TELEGRAPH BOMBALA TO DELEGATE.-Tenders receivable at the general post-office up to the 7th Juno are invited for tleo erection of a tclegraph-line from Bombala to Delegate, an estimated distance of twenty.two and a half miles. INSOLVENCY.-On Monday, before the chief com missioner, a meeting was called in tile estate of Samuel Kaskcr. Insolvent did not appear on being duly called and a warrant was ordered to issue, and the examination was adjourned to 18th instant. SMALLPOX 1N MELUOUorNE. -A third ease of smallpox is reported from Melbourneo, that of a boy five years of ago, named Walter Josesph Williams, living in Drummoud-street, Carlton. Thohouso has been quarantined SIPrwneCKS ANi Loss OF LTFE IN NEW ZEALAND. Wellington, Monday.-In a terribly heavy sea at Timaru, yesterday, the ships Benvenuo and City of Perth parted from their cables, and became total wrchks. The Bluvenuo was in ballast, the City of Perth loading grain for Londou. The crows of the ships got ashore before the vessels were fairly adrift. But the harbour-master, Mr. Mills, put out ivith other boats and boarded tile Peirtl, with the hope of beating out tn see or recovering hcr Iby fresh anchore. Tuis was found to be impossiblo, and in attempting to return the boats wero capsized. Tihe lifeboat was thee put out tl, tile rescue, but so terrific was tile sea, she was twice upset, and all her crow left struggling with tile waves. In all, seven menl are known to be drowned, including Mr. Mills, the harbour-masster, whlo died shortly after getting ashore, the mate and carpenter of tlhe City of Pertlh, and four Timarn surf-boatmeni, and it is feared others, whoso bodies hlaveo nt yet been brought ashore. Tile heroic conduct of Mr. Mills and thosu iunider hiils is boyund all pr.liso, and the town is in deep dujection over their loss.-Telegranh to S. M, Bcrald, .TouDo DOCKen ON OATns.-T2ho Btourke Telegraph states that during the hearing of a ease iat the quarter sessions on Saturday, May 6, Judge Docker said he thought it would promote the ends of justice if all oaths in law courts were abolished, and a simple promise to tell the truth substituted, with heavy and instant penaltlies for breaking it. A Senses or RreoFTUNEH.s-The following sad story is from the IKyneton Guardian of the 13th in stant:-It is not often that a series of misfortunes follow one another so rapidly as has been the case in the family of Mr. Edward Hurleitone, a farmer at East Trentham. In the early part of the year, after having harvested a good crop, a bush-fire came and swept off the whole, including his homestead. Im mediately after this one of his children fell ill through exposure, and he had scarcely begun to re cover when the oldest son, a fine tall young man, was stricken down through hard work and exposure, and taling the most favourable view of the case it will be months before he is able to resume work. A crop of potatoes was left on the farm, and Mr. Hurle. stone was looking forward to the produce of this to tide him over his dilliculties; but the paddock in which they were growing being full of trees, a gale of unusual violence with which that part of the country was visited a few days since tore them nearly all down and covered the potato crop with branches and trunks, rendering it almost valueless. These acou mulated misfortunes were too much for the unfortu. nrate man, and he is now lying at death's door. He received a small sum as insurance on his homestead; but this, as may be imagined, is a very trifling re source in such a sea of troubles. Some kind neigh bours have started a subscription in his behalf, which will we hope be liberally responded to. Tue SYNOD AND THE OLD ENaISIn FAln.-Tho meeting of the synod has proved inexpectedly lively. We thought that the grave and reverend signors were going to discuss bishops, instead of which they have been discussing ladies, and this latter subject has proved much more lively, not to say more danger. ous. The trouble has all come out of the Old 'Eng lish Fair. A good many church people were some what scandalised by parts of the show, others by the whole of it, and it was natural enough that as soon as the synod met this feeling should find expression. Some of the sedate churchgoers, who are accustomed to hear all theatrical exhibitions condemned, thought it inconsistent to engage the services of a good. natured theatrical manager as master of the cere monies, to borrow from theatrical costumiers de signs for representative characters, and to advertise Richardson's Show and Box and Cox in order to get shillings to pay a church debt. Others, who have no objection to theatricals, had still a very strong ob. jection to getting up a woman-show, and still more a pretty-girl-show, in aid of the church funds, because there was no disguising the fact that the real attrac-. tion to the young men who thronged the place was not the display of knicknacs, but the display of saleswomen. When the discussion began the Rov. Mr. Hodgson opened his mouth and, as Mrs. Part. ington observes, put his foot in it. Mr. Hodgson is one of our most scholarly clergymen, and is the principal of a clerical college, and therefore his re marks carry more weight than anything that might have been said by a rough intemporate zealot. He objected to making use of female fascinations as a means of promoting the cause of religion, and hinted a parallel between it and the seductions of the Moab itish women. The allusion was not very much re. eonted at the time, because some of those present did not fully take it in; indeed one of the lay mom. bears confessed on a subsequent day that be had never before read the Book of Numbers, having, it may be presumed contented himself with the extracts in the lectionary, and given the compilers of the les-. sons credit for having taken out all the best. The consequence of the members of the synod refreshing their memory about the daughters of Mfoab was that Mr. Hodgson was called upon the next day for an apology. He made an explanation, which, though showing some logical finesse, made matters rather worse than before. The ladies of North Shore were furious, and they evidently primed their champions, who came down next day and in very stern language demanded an instant and ample apology. Intima. tions of no very obscure character were given that in default of it physical chastisement would follow. There was a long and angry discussion, and Mr. Hodgson being at length called upon, remarked that he was precluded by the threats of personal violence from making any apology. Theose threats wero thoerupon at once retracted or explained away, upon which Mr. Hodgson expressed his regret at having used an unfortunate illustration, as it had been open to misconstruction, but at the same time disowned altogether the meaning that had been put upon his words, and, minus the illustration, maintainied his original position. This was accepted as satisfactory and the matter dropped. The-remarkable feature of the debate was that though Mr. Hodgson was at tacked for his language, scarcely a clergyman or lay mau defended the fair per se, while even the pro moters spologised for some of its developments. The general feeling is that there will be no more of them for church purposes.-Sydney correspondent Mel bourne Argus. WVnECK OF THE SHIP CASnHMERE AT NEWCASTLE. Newcastle, Tuesdny.-The British ship Cashmere, one thousand two hundred and forty-five tons register, Captain Lyne, from Noewport, Monmouth shiro, 27th January, loaded with eighteen hundred and forty tons railway.iron and plant, arrived off this port shortly before dusk this evening. She was taken in tow by the tug Goolwa. Pilot Melvillo took charge of the ship outside Nobby's, and by half.past six o'clock the vessel entered the fairway, and was heading directly for leading lights, when theo tug Leo went out to render assistance. The Goolwa then let go her tow-line, according to usual custom, in order to get alongside ship, but owing to the length of time occupied by the Leo in getting alongside, the ship lost her steerage way and drifted on to the bank. There was a very strong flood tide, about an hour off the full, running at the time, which swung her round on the bank, where she has since stuck hard and fast, despite every effort to move her. She is now lying comfortably on sand-bank n'ear the Oyster Bank, about one hundred yards inside Cawarra buoy. The sea is perfectly smooth and a light westerly wind blowing, so that no great danger is at present apprehended; but if the sea rises the ship will probably go to pieces. As soon as the accident happened Captain Allan, harbour.master, mustered the whole of the pilot boatmen, and rendered all tihe assistance possible towards getting the ship off, but with the tide rushing in so strong she was gradually driven further up on the sand. The tugs toolwa and Leo have been towing at the ship since tho accident, but no result is expected until the ebb tide sets down, when it is hoped that the ship may be driven into deep water and towed off. The Cashmere is an iron ship, and from the fact of her having such a heavy cargo aboard fears are entortained for her safety unless she comes off to- night. Immediately the ship was found to be drifting into danger owing to the delay of the tug getting alongside, both anchors wore let go, but too late to save her. She is now lying with head pointing about N.W., and stern towards Nobby's.-Ton p.m.-Tho tug-boats have left the ship Cashmere for the night without being able to shift her. It may be stated that theo Cashmere put in at Gibraltar Bay on February 13, making from four to seven inches of water per hour. She was subsequently taken in tow to Cadiz for repairs previous to resuming her voyage.--Telegram to S. 3I. Herald. EIxTnonoDiNan PnIEsNOENON IN VITORInA.-A telegram from Melbourno states that an oxtraordi nary geological phenomenon is reported from Brax-. holmo, near Hamilton. Forty-five acres of land slipped towards the creek and were then suddenly arrested. Large trees were raised seven feet. Tho farmhouse has risen ten feet above tho ordinary level. Tho water springs in the vicinity have boon changed from fresh to salt. A large number of visitors are attracted to the unusual scone. BusunANanNO IN NEw ENGLAND.-Tingha, Tues. day. Wade's Armidalo and Inverell mail-coach was stuck-up this morning, between Kangaroo Camp and Wandsworth by an armed bushranger, who pro. sented a revolver at the coach-driver, and demanded the mail.bags. The driver handed him three bags, being Tingha, Kangaroo Camp, and one Inveroll bag. Ho then ordered the driver to -proceed to Tingha and give information to tho police, saying he was wiloy, who stuck up the Warialda and Yet man mails some time since. Senior-constable Bickley started in pursuit immediately on receipt of intelligence.-Telegram to Echo. A nugget weighing 871 oz. was found on Monday in Bourko and party's claim, Lower Temora. A valuablu discovery of pearl-shell is reported to have been made at Booby Island. One party which went to the spot succeeded in obtaining no loss a quantity than fifty tons in the short space of two weeks. The value of the shell they have obtained amounts to £5000. 150 acres of potato land in tlhe Warrnambool dis trict were sold by auction on Tuesday at prices ranging from £31 to £16 per acro. The privilege of rnrting neigshbourinsg land was purchased by auction at £3 10/. p-r acre per annum. CELEBRATION Or M.nl~aIoes.-''-The ll?r. .n , ' Cloudesley Biets, Bombala, has been registered as ofliciating minister for the celebration of marricges. DF.INED PnEcLEAsEs.-Thc pre-leases enumerated in the subjoined list, which have been approved under tho Lands Acts Amendment Act of 1875, and Further Amendment Act of 1880, subject to modi fications or amendments, have been, on further examination, modified or amended. The amounts mentioned are the rents for one year, and date from the original notifications; all subsequent payments, as renowals of rent, most be made in tbo month of Seoptember of the year preceding:-Thomas Hyles junior, 720 acres, parish Adaminaby, £2 5/; Henry Ferrier, 720 acres, Congou and Yeo Yeo, £2 5/; IM. Quirk senior, 4.20 acres, Wagra, £1 6/3; Winm. Harris, 900 acres, Windeyer, £3; Patrick Brislan, 640 acres, Ashcroft, £2; Charles Hibbert, 640 acres, Ashoroft, £2. The oldest son of the Hon. David Moore of Bel bourne has committed suicide by shooting himself. The unufortunate man had been in delicate health for some time. The Chinaman, Ah Gee, charged with smuggling opium, was convicted by the Wodonga bench, and was fined £25; and the opium, two pack-horses, a pack-saddle, &c.;, were confiscated. A married woman named Augusta Weir was burned to death on Tuesday ovening at her resi. dence, Hotham, through her clothes igniting whilst she was sitting before a fire. It is stated that Mr. Winm. Patterson of Queensland has purchased 30,000 cattle for boiling down. The motion of want of confidence in the Victorian ministry, which had been debated in the Assembly for several weeks, was resolved on Tuesday night in favour of the government by a majority of sixteen. At Maryborough a man named James Doolan has been killed by the kick of a horse, which broke his neck. TnE GoeLcune Boor PALACE. --Nover before in the history of Goulburn have Boots and Shoes been purchased so cheaply as at present. In consequence of the reduced prices adopted by the Proprietor of the above Establishment, every householder in Town and Country, and visitors generally can save their expenses over and over again by purchasing at the Goulburn Boot Palace. As every requisite in the trade is kept, and Boots and Shoes to suit all classes, no person should neglect to call upon W. T. Wood, at the Goulburn Boot Palace.-AnvT. 77 