BREVIA . Heavy rain at Koroit on Monday. Trout are thriving in the Watts River. The Alfred Graving Dock coat £343,766. Numurkah railway station blocked with grain.- Great want of room in Geelong. Court house. Barometer high in Central Australia on Monday. - Latest news from the Corowa gold workings ia good. Bush fires reported from all parts of the country. “ Wheat 4a per bushel at Horsham on' Monday. v Mr R. Richardson is still pitching into Mr Wheeler. ' ■ : ■ Trustees are to be appointed of the Marcus Clarke Fund. Over 20 and a hale millions have been spent on railways. . v , The cutter yacht Secret has got safely into Hobson's Bay. Mr Mowatt has been elected to the Ararat shire Council. There is a fine mineral spring about 70 miles from Brisbane. The health of Mr C. Kernot, M.L.A., has much improved.. Man lost for eight days in the bush on the Jamieson River. The patronage at the disposal of the Minis, try is very large. The Age says the Harbor Trust has proved a disappointment. - Another engine has been stuck up on the 11 Beaufort Bank" Hew South Wales is going in for diamond drills with energy. Between 40 and 50 entries have been made for the Rochester races. The working of the diamond drills has been improved. Time it was. There was a very pleasant moonlight fete at Queenscliff on Saturday. Tt ia said that the price of wheat is likely to go up for a time at least. A Commercial Club and Corn Exchange ia to be formed at Geelong. Give the benefit of the doubt to him who derivea-mosfc benefit from it. Another case of sniallpos amongst the passengers of the Mirzapore. The resident surgeon of the Geelong Hospital is accused of being a Christian. The Telegraph asks, "of what value are audits as at present conducted? 11 Why did not the police arrest the book makers at the Geelong racecourse? Steamers sometimes collide because' officers prefer good old “ port" to starboard. Prominent politicians are said to be in favor of a Protestant combination Ministry. The imports at Echuca in 1881 were £2,278,248, and the exports £283,177. Rain fell at Queenscliff, Portland, Warrnam bool, and Belfast on Monday morning. J. H. White and Cos. think that there, was no wot wheat on board the Eurynome. .The border treaty between Victoria and South Australia comes into force to-day. The shopwomeu of Melbourne want seals in (he shops, but have not got them yet. A child, aged 2, was killed in Melbourne tbs other day by being run over by a cart. Shock of earthquake at Jamieson on Mon day. Felt at Woods* Point and Alexandra. A boy of 16 and a girl of 15 eloped recently and tried to get married. They very nearly succeeded. At Lake Boise the race meeting is to be given up, and the district canvassed to assist a farmer recently burned out. There has been a serious bushfire between Spring Creek and the Dry Diggings, in the Daylesford district. The Telegraph says that Inspector Ryall and his subordinates were all wrong in the total isator business. At Warrnambool a larrikin has been fined £lO for abusive language, and £lO for resist ing tbo police. News has been received of the destruction by fire, on Monday, of the Empress of India Company's sheds, &c.;, at Reedy Creek. ’ A man named O'Keefe baa been sentenced to three months' imprisonment for lighting a fire in the open air at Kilmore. An old resident of Maryborough, Mr S. Middleton, died of English cholera on Mon day. A large supply of Brazillian diamonds ia ex pected by the Mining Department from Eng land by the incoming mail steamer. The old Protestant Hall, Melbourne, is being pulled dowu. The foundation atoue was laid in 1847. The Argus considers it a duty to protest against the indiscriminate reflections of the Times on our financial position. The Argus says that the police were stupid in the totalisator business. So does every body. Dr Hearn is to consolidate the statute re lating. to the duties of the people and the management of towns, A telegram from Sydney says that the rowing of Laycock at the regatta on Thursday was simply perfection. It is stated that there is a regular fund in Melbourne among the larrikin class for the purpose of purchasing illicit articles for the prisoners at Pentridge. Says the Ararat Advertiser: —‘‘Berryism is dead and buried, and we have returned to the normal state of things. Men look at politics from a sensible standpoint." We hope so. Logan, the left-hand ground bowler for the M.C.O. is working his way steadily to the front, and gives promice of developing into a splendid bowler. A terrible bushfire occurred on Sunday in the Dividing Ringe, north of Lancefield, the like of which has not been known since Black Thursday. The town was only saved by a change of wind. The Railway Department having entered upon the work of testing brakes, it appears that a very wide field of experiment lies before it. The case of the Kilmore magistrates is to be dealt with by the Solicitor-General shortly. The prosecution of Hayes is to be finished first; however. Scarcely a week passes without some case of breach of trust on the part of persons whose duties necessitate the manipulation of cash or securities having to bs recorded. The customs officers are still busy making inquiries with regard to the smuggled cigars seized lately ia the possession of Chinese in Melbourne and Ballarat. A Texas young man shot himself because a young lady refused to dance with him. In his blind rage he probably mistook himself for a rival. A middle-sized boy writing a composition on “Extremes,” remarked that " \Ye should avoid extremes, especially those of wasps and bees.” The Land Tax Act does not appear to have prevented the growth of large estates. Accord iug to last Friday’s Government Gazeete 28 new estates have come into existence, and have been classified under the act. The Carlton Brewery Fire Brigade is now in direct communication with the Telephone Exchange, and can be called at a second’s notice either by day or night, an electric alarm bell, which can be heard for some con siderable distance, having been fitted up. One wishing to speak of crankiness wrote an editorial withahead, "AnOutburstof Idiocy." A rival editor tells him the head was unneces sary. Anybody who read the editorial would see what it was. Writing about the totalisator case, the Geelong Advertiser says:—"As a matter of fact, Duncan either deceived Mr Heron, or the police magistrate is to be severely condemned for issuing an open warrant which enabled Duncan to select any person he chose to submit to the ignominy of arrest." A gentleman was complaining on 'change that he had invested a rather large sum of money on the Stock Exchange, and lost it all. A sympathising friend asked him whether he had been a bull or a bear. To which ha replied, "Neither, I was a jackass 1" A 'cute Yankee advertiser has been utilising the walls of cemeteries by adorning them with the following legend in gigantic letters:— “ Use Jones' bottled ale if you would keep out of here." "Stars,”said an Irishman, “are much more useful than the sun, for they shine in the night, when it is dark, but the sun shines only in the daytime, when there ia light enough withoutifc." General Nelson A. Miles, commanding the Department of the Columbia, urges upon the War Department the advisability of a thorough exploration of Alaska. The Pacific Coast will heartily second the suggestion. There is a town that seems to be improving itself to death. EveVy time a citizen puts a new button on his front gate, or whitewashes bis pig-pen, the local paper cries there " there is a fear in the community that the spirit of improvement is too rapid to last." A'little girl one morning missed the word 11 blessing" -in convention, Her father cor rected her. and asked her if she knew what the word really meant. She replied that she did; and could repeat a blessing. Upon being told to do so she responded:—“Thanking you for your favors in the past, and aoliciting a continuance of the same in tbo.future, we remain youri very truly.” 