? DR. JACKSOK.—We understand that Dr. Jackson relinquishes his position of Assistant-Colonial Surgeon and Medical Officer at the Mount Gambler Hospital at the end of April, and that hie successor will be appointed _ about the middle of the present month. THE OCTWARD MAIL STEAMEJL—The P. and O. steamship Shannon, for the homeward mails, arrived from Kuslbourne at 9.45 on Saturday morning, and was announced to sail at 9 p.m. She had ;a large number of passengers on board, and the Mermaid was crowded on her return tnip to the Jetty, as many persons came ashore to visit the city. The passengers for Adelaide were not numerous. The Shannon takes away over 500tons of cargo from here. The S«uth Australian passed Glenelg ahead of the Shannon by about three quarters of an hour. PORT LINCOLN AGRICULTURAL AND PAS SSBAL SOCIETY.—A general meeting of the Port Lincoln Agricultural and Pastoral Society was held at the Pier Hotel, Port Lincoln, on March 25, for the purpose of receiving the balance-sheet and electing a new committee, the old committee retiring by effluxion of time. The late President of the Society (Mr. E. Oswald, J. P.), was vcted to the cfaair, and remarked that since the Society became disconnected from the Port Lincoln Institute it had progressed in a marked manner. It. was in a good financial position, having a balance in the Bank of £38 5s. 2d. The Society was in receipt of the Government grant-in-aid, and had spent daring the year nearly £100 in prize money. A vote of thanks was accorded to the retiring committee and officers, and a new committee appointed. Mr. E. Oswald, J.P., was again elected President fcr the year, and Mr. S. Osborne Secretary. DEATH or MR. H. H. THOMAS.—Mr. H. H. Thomas, Manager of the Union Bank, Port Adelaide, died on Friday morning, March 3L The deceased gentleman had been Manager at the Port for several years, and took an active interest in municipal matters. He has been long identified, with the progress of the Port jistitute, of which he was a committeeman at the time of his death. His affable manner and gentlemanly conduct had won for him the espect of all who knew him. He had been n delicate health for some years past. He leaves a widow and daughters. IRISH LAND LEAGUE.—We are informed by Messrs. Healey and Whelan, the Treasurer ud Secretary of the Adelaide Branch of the Irish Land League Fund, that they have remitted £160 by the outgoing mail in aid of the above fund in Ireland. MARRIAGE OF PRESCE LEOPOLD.—It will be noticed by our London telegrams received by Reuter's Agency that the message published in our issue of February 21 announcing that the marriage of Prince Leopold had taken place was incorrect. The mistake has apparently arisen through the misreading of a telegram which arrived on the date mentioned, and which referred to, not the marriage, but the- arrival of Prince Leopold at Windsor. As will be seen this morning the event has been postponed through the indisposition of the Prince. DEATH OF DOHA GREENWELL.—This popular authoress, who is well known as a contributor to Good, Words and many other serials, has died at the age of nearly eighty. : She first became known in 1840 as the authoress of " Christina and Other Poems," and shortly afterwards published another volume of* poems entitled "Stories that Might be True." Others under the titles of "The Power of Faith Exemplified in Life" and "Two Friends" appeared ^ 1349 and 1862 respectively, and she continued to write until within a snort time of her death. ROYAL AGEICULTDRAL AND HORTICUL- TURAL SOCIETY.—The usual monthly meeting of the Committee of Management of thie Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society of South Australia was held in the Register Chambers on Friday, March 3L There was a good attendance. A small amount of formal business was disposed of, and a member mentioned that the P. & O. steamer Clyde had on board a refrigerating chamber in which fruit, butter, and other perishable things were kept fresh. He had spoken to the purser of tne vessel on tlie subject, and he had consented to take home a case of (•rapes as an experiment. It was decided by the committee to prepare a case of grapes for the purpose. A discussion took place upon an able paper, written by Mr. Frazer S. Crawford, on the subject of insect and fungoid pests; and in the course of the conversation it was urged that for the furtherance of practical knowledge persons finding insects or strange growth on their trees or plants should send samples to some" well-known place in town for examination and report. It was pointed out that through ignorance.many insects whose services were successful in the orchard or garden were destroved, while destructive creatures escaped. The discussion brought out a fair amount of practical thought, and the ' paper was admitted to be an exceedingly instructive one. A strong point urged was the establishment of a museum where agriculturists could obtain by reference information they might be in need of. FLIKDEBS-STBEET BAPTIST SUNDAY-SCHOOL. —A successful tea and entertainment were given to the scholars of this school on Friday evening, 330 scholars and friends sitting down to tea in the church, and about 400 attending the entertainment in the Lecture HalL Mr. W. B. Stephens, the Superintendent, presided, and those whose literary and musical talents were exercised for the enjoyment of the audience were the Misses Charlton, Weller; A. Marshall, A. Goode, C. E. Goode, Bowen, and Greayer, and Messrs. D. Williams, Jenkins, A. Smith, T. Smith, Lavis, Cooper, Dawkins, James, and Murdoch. SUDDEN DEATH.—The police received information yesterday from a man named Edward Banks, residing in Queen-street, of the sudden death of his ffrandson, James Smith, aged nine weeks. The Coroner being informed made enquiries, but found an inquest unnecessary, as tlie child had died from convulsions. UNION COLLEGE.—The annual meeting of the supporters of this institution was held in the Stow Church Schoolroom on Friday evening, March 3L The Secretary's report stated that the operations for the year had been very satisfactory, and that the students had diligently pursued their course of studies. The balance-sheet showed that the receipts had been £346 5s 3d., as against an expediditure of £107 19s. 3d., and that at present there were funds invested and in hand to the amount of £3,350. A NEW VARIETY OF GRAPE.—At the general committee meeting of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society on Friday, March 31, Mr. W. Haines, M.P., showed specimens of a grape locally designated "The White Unknown," which was originally found in the vineyard of Mr. John Tregeagle, at Teatree Gully, and generally believed to be a seedling, which belief is shared by Dr. Schomburgk, to whom it has been shown. On reference to that celebrated work on vines, "Ampelographie Francaise," by M. Victor Render, we find that no illustration like it exists there. It is a very valuable variety, not much subject to oidium, highly prolific, and hardy. It resembles the Sweetwater in colour and berries, but is more transparent. The foliage is also like that of the sweetwater, but all the branches are compact, and at the bottom end separate into three parts. It has been named the Sherry Grape by some people. THE ALLEGED INSURANCE FRAUDS.—The hearing of the charge against Dr. Morrison, Barker. Hicks, Forsyth, and Du Barry, for conspiring to defraud the Australian Alliance Insurance Company of £5,000, in connection with the insurance of David Weatherhead's life, was begun on Friday in the Police Court. Forsyth was absent, not having been served with a summons, as he was out of the colony, but wairants having been issued against all the defendants, he will probably be arrested to-day when he arrives by the steamer from Victoria Mr. Symon in opening the case for the prosecution intimated the nature of the fresh evidence it was intended to call, and several witnesses were examined, Dr. Gardner giving testimony as to Weatherhead's bad state of health since he first saw him in 1878. The hearing will be resumed at 11 o'clock this morning, all the prisoners being allowed bail in two sureties of £100 each, which they readily obtained. VOLUMTEEB, ITEMS. — Lieutenant C. E. • Herbert is appointed Adjutant to the 2nd; Battalion Adelaide Rifles. Moonlight parades; may be fixed for the 3rd, 4th, or 5tn April, >. the nsnal notices to be sent to the Staff; Office. Thefollowingorders have been issued" for the skirmishing match on Easter Monday" fur the cup to be presented by His Excellency the Governor: — Competing squads must:' parade at the Staff Office at 9.30 a. m.; a special' train will start at 10.5. The conditions will be very similar- to last year. At the last, range the--firing will be by volley (standing), under the direction of the officer in charge of i each squad. Whenever an officer haj occasion to inflict a fine under Rule 80 he is .to send a report of the case to the Staff Office forthwith. Attention is drawn to Rule 60—"All volunteers who have changed their address, or may hereafter do so, without notifying such change to the officer commanding their troop, battery, or com pany, will be fined 5s:" Officers commanding companies are requested to notify all such changes to the Staff Office weekly, as. much trouble is caused .through neglect of the above rule. As it has become a common practice to apply for six months' leave, the Commandant wishes it to be understood that in future men who apply for such long leave of absence will be placed on permanent leave, thus coming nnder the rules as regards payment for uniforms. Sergeant J. Nimmo is appointed Colour-Sergeant in D Company, nice Polain promoted; Corporal T. Preston is appointed Sergeaat. vice Niaimo; and Lance-Corporal F. Thompson is promoted to Corporal, vice Preston. UNSATISFIED JUDGMENT SUMMONSES.—At the .Local Court on Friday morning the Special Magistrate intimated that in future if unsatisfied judgment summonses were cot attended to he would impose the highest fine allowed-by the Act, namely £10, whatever the amount of the debt might be. REGIKEBAR OF THE ADELAIDE UBTVERSETT. —The Gsnncil of the Adelaide University considered .the applications for the position of Registrar,,rendered vacant by the resignation of Mr. W. Barlow, M.A., and out of the sixty-two applicants selected Mr. J. W. Tyaa, of this <oitj. Mr. Tyas, who for some time past hae acted as Reuter's agent in Adelaide, was ^formerly connected with the London" Times-, on the staff of which paper his father wae .employed. (Mr. Tyas was some years ago in business in this city, having been a member of the firm of Carter and Tyas. REUTER'S AGENCY.—Mr. Tyas having accepted the position-^ Registrar of the Adelaide University, ME. Arthur Boult has been appointed to succeed him as Reuter's agent in Adelaide. A .SCENE AT THE GLENELQ CORPORATION MEETING.—At rhe usual fortnightly meeting of the Glenelg Town Couacil, held on Friday evening, the proceedings were interrupted for a considerable time by an unseemly scene between Mr. Mair (who was acting as Chairman in the absence of the Mayor) and Mr. Nicholson, which arose after the reading of tie report drawn up by the Planting Committee. It has been usual to decide the letters and any motions arising out of them ofihand; but Councillor Mair ruled that the correspondence and reports must be read before any motions were proposed. Mr. Nicholson asked Mr. Mair why he gave, his ruling, but was requested to take his seat. He thereupon gave it as his opinion that Mr. Mair's "head was turning. He was requested to withdraw the objectionable words, but refused, and Mr. Mair thereupon rose from his chair and said he would close the meeting. Mr. Lee asked if Mr. Mair had the power to do that, and then suggested that Mr. Nicholson should withdraw tne offensive remark. Mr. Mair asked the Council to support him as Chairman. After a little more recrimination had been indulged in, Mr. Nicholson withdrew his remark, and the business of the meeting proceeded.. AMALGAMATED SOCIETY OF ENGINEERS, PORT ADELAIDE.—The ANNM*.! dinner of this branch Society took place at the Oddfellows' Hall, Port Adelaide, on Friday night. March 3L Mr. Berry pleaded, and Mr. S. Webster occupied the vice-chair. There was a large attendance, including several ladies, whose presence was a novel and pleasing departure from the ordinary programme adopted by the Society. After a capital spread, provided by Host Addison, theloyal toasts were honoured. The "S. A. Parliament," proposed by Mr. Smythe, was responded to by Messrs. Bower, M.P., and Mattinson, M.P. The former remarked on the distress of the farmers, that some desired Parliament to be called together to devise measures for their relief: but Parliament could not legislate for calamities, its functions being to make laws for the people. The farmers must work out their own salvation by industry and selfreliance. He commended the branch Society for having waited on the Marine Board in reference to the construction of machinery for projected vessels. It was wise in such matters to attend on the subordinate bodies, instead of going to the Ministers, who had to refer them back to the Boards of Advice; and it was well that the Society had sufficient confidence to go by themselves without members of Parliament. Mr. Mattinson referred to the fact that the Marine Board had sailed for tenders in England for the supply of a . travelling crane, but had, on being pressed to try, obtained it cheaper in the colony, quite to their surprise. He believed in encouraging native . industry to the extent of 20 per cent. Mr. Clayton read the branch report2 showing that the number of members was sixty-four, the same ae the previous year. He referred to several matters dealt with in the thirteenth annual report of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, showing the condition of the trade to De prosperous and the number of artizans on the increase. The year 1881 had been second to only one other in prosperity to the trade. Mr. Christie, in a speech full of statistics, quoted to show the rapid improvement of the local business, proposed "The Town and Trade of Port Adelaide; and His Worship in responding gave credit to all his predecessors for what they had done. He alluded to the waste of silt by saying that the Russian Admiral had expressed the opinion to him, that it was madness to throw the material in the sea, because it could be used to reclaim the banks of the river, and thereby increase the scour of the same. Mr. Grose. proposed " The Amalgamated _ Society of Engineers and Kindred Societies." He advocated ' Trades Unions and supported the Society in question. Mr. Kneebene briefly responded. The Vice - Chairman honoured " The Guests," and Councillor Rann acknowledged the compliment. Other toasts and several songs prepared the way for a ball which followed. INTERCOLONIAL JUVENILE INDUSTRIAL EX- HIBITION.—It is proposed that a grand Intercolonial Juvenile Industrial Exhibition should be held in the Garden Palace, Sydney, at the close of the present year, and initiatory steps have been taken to carry out the proposition. The committee appointed for tne purpose have sent circulars to the Press in the various colonies, and have asked their co-operation in forwarding the interests of the Exhibition. They also invite young people of both sexes under twenty-one years of age in all the Australian Colonies to assist in making the Exhibition a success by contributing their handiwork. The object of the Exhibition is a good one, namely, to stimulate the energies and display the abilities of the rising generation, and to create a taste for the fine arts : and as the profits, if any, are to be divided among charitable institutions, the aim of the promoters is certainly deserving of general and hearty support. THE PHONOGRAPH. — On Friday evening Mr. A. W. Dobbie re-delivered liis lecture on the "Phonograph" in St. Andrew's Hall before a large audience. The lecturer explained the laws of sound, and then showed how sounds could be reproduced by the phonograph. Mr. Dobbie's explanation of the various parts of the instrument was clear and interesting, and at the close of the lecture a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to him. WELL DIRECTED CHARITY.—Under this heading the Mount Barker Courier states that £110 has been collected for the relief of the sufferers by the recent disastrous bushfire near Mount Pleasant, and has been distributed as follows:—H. Spher, £50: Briichoz, £27; John Maguire, £10; J. Underwood, £S; E. Cosk, £5; E. Hillier, £5; and Jurgins, £5. ZOOLOGICAL AND ACCLIMATIZATION SOCIETY. —A meeting of the Council of this Society was held at the office of the Hon. Henry Scott, M.LC., on Friday, March 31. There were present—His Honor the Chief Justice (President), Dr. Mayo, and Mr. J. L. Stirling, MP. (Vice- Presidents), the Hon. R D. Ross, M.P., Messrs. W. J. Magarey, J. F. Sanderson, A. Abrahams, George Hamilton, George Boothby, W. West-Erskme, and the ITou, Secretary (Mr. Minchin). The President reported to the Council that the subcommittee had had an interview that day with the Governors of the Botanic Gardens, who declined to allow the Zoological Society any portion of the Botanic Reserve. It was decioed to appoint a deputation to wait on the Chief Secretary and request that a site for a Zoological Garden be fixed upon by the Government; the deputation to consist of the Chief Justice, Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P., Dr. Mayo, and ;Messrs. Boothby, Hamilton, Murray, Magarey, and the Hon. Secretary. A letter was received from Mr. G. W. Hibbert, of near Paradise, asking the Council to be allowed to purchase a few of the American bronzewinged turkeys lately introduced by Dr. Mayo for the.Society. Mr. Hibteitto be informed that at present the Council is unable to comply with his request. The Secretary was instructed to send £100 to London for a further supply of American turkeys. 