BROADFORD. ————♦———— (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) A destructive bush fire broke out on Saturday at Glenaroua, about four [miles] north of Broadford, doing con[siderable] damage to fences and grass &c;, ??? Pool, Dwyer, McPherson and [???] being the greatest! losers. [???] number of the residents of £9 were out on Saturday and Sunday prevented the fire from crossing[???] road If the flames had once [???] -this road the whole district west! railway would have been destroyed. No less than 36 trains pass the Broad-, ford Station daily and yet one unfi porter is supposed to-do duty for of thirteen hours a day, shunting and unloading goods, collecting &c.; As the North-eastern line ing so well surely Mr Bent could yardsman during the busy season year.- The revenue from this is quite as large as muny others vi porters, are employed, £40 being 1 some days for passengers and go- now that the crane is complete probable a trade in piles and 1 spring up between here and the ranges where there is an unlimited of some of the finest timber in the The Government have promised Broadfoard Shire £250 towards ing the Reedy Creek road on that the council expend £500, n more than the whole amount from rates per, year. Why the is absurd. The least the Minister lie Works could do would be £300 for the purpose without the Broad- ford council being asked to spend thing seeing that the Government drawing a considerable revenue Reedy Creek in rents of mining It other fees, probably to the am L800 or L000 annually, to say noi the large amount the Railway department receive for the carriage of goods Broadford station for that place It is anticipated that some impr will be made shortly to the poIice ers here, which is much needed present houses in which the local cf is housed has done duty for 20 years is a disgrace to the Government. The excellent yield about a fortn from tlie Empress of India, Reeii, 231 ozs of gold from 85 tons. 1 some encouragement to many of i: claims in the district The engine sheds, &c;, at the Em India Co's claim was burnt to the on Sunday by a bush-fire. It is not whether the buildings, were insure.'.** The Railway department migJj a little consideration for the pulJl improve the approached to the platform removing the 4 inch metal at the gfl using some finer gravel instead ; it walking over glass bottles the way present. Very much like the fo-aH in Seymour. 