COUNTRY TELEGRAMS. [From our own Correspondents,] CRAFERS. February 19. A collision took place on the Mount Lofty road between Hill & Company's coach and a two-horse buggy on Saturday afternoon about 5 o'clock. The pole of the buggy was broken, and one of the horses attached was bleeding by the shoulder. GLADSTONE, February 20. The Gladstone branch of the Farmers' As sociation have received some seeds of the tasmi easpi, or water tree, from Dr. Schora burgk, through the Commissioner of Crown Lands, for the purpose of planting on the plains. Reference was not long since made to this tree in the "Agricultural Notes" published in the Chronicle and Advertiser. The weather is very warm. There is very little wheat coming to market. GLADSTONE, February 22. Another batch of prisoners have been brought to Gladstone GaoL The heat of yesterday was intense. Large fires burnt in Wirrabara Forest last night, the lurid glare from which lit up the surrounding country. Water is very scarce. Ail the dams are dry and there is but little stored. GOOLWA, February 21. In consequence of the rise in the Biver Darling a great increase in the river trade is anticipated at Victor Harbor andGoolwa. About 700 tons of merchandise will arrive during the next ten days, principally from Melbourne, to be followed by other large parcels. Advices are also to hand of 3,000 to 10,000 bales of wool coming down from the Upper Darling for these ports. The Upper Murray not being navigable, and not likely to be for three or four months, the' steamers cannot trade to Echuca, therefore the whole of the present Darling trade will be done via South Australia. Itissihcerelytobe hoped the Government will make some provision for qnick transit between Goolwa and Port Victor, and that facilities will be given to meet the increased trade. A small steam crane on.the Goolwa wharf would be a great boon for the quick dispatch of wool and shipping goods ; the hand cranes now in use are good, but too slow and tax behind the times. LAURA, February 1& Alexander Menzies Hatchinson, a respect able-looking man, formerly an officer in the army, was brought up to-day before Messrs. Walter, J.P., and Gliddon, J.P., on a charge of embezzling certain moneys, the property of Messrs. Evans & Phillips, booksellers, of Adelaide, while acting as a commission agent for them. Mr. Bonnar appeared for the prosecution, and Dr. Kaufmann for the prisoner, who had been arrested at Laura by ' Trooper Gleeson. After a long argument and some dissension the case was adjourned until Monday. ; The weather is intensely hot. Much sickness is in the township, and I am sorry to have to report that the local medical man, Dr. Hamilton, is seriously ill, in conse quence of over-exertion. He has been worked veryliard lately. LAURA, February 21. Mr. Charles Dicker had a very narroiv escape from a serious accident to-day. He was driving down Main- street, when liis trap was followed by a German waggon to which were attached three horses which liad bolted during the temporary absence of the driver. Mr. Dicker tried to escape them, by driving up some by-street, but the waggon Jtorscs followed at a rapid pace, and it was only by fast galloping that Mr. Dicker got away. The waggon was recaptured about two miles from Laura. I am happy to be able to state that Dr. Hamilton is now able to get about again. MALLALA, February 21 White Mr. William Poulton, of Dalkey, was burning some scrub the fire got away from him and spread with great rapidity. The homestead of Mr. Taplin is in great danger, and. all hands are working hard to put out the fire. MINLATON, February 2L A serions accident occurred on Gum Flat, within half a mile of the township, last night. Mr. Nankivell, of Minlaton, accompanied by his little girl and Mrs. Bevans, was driving from Stansbnry, but the night being very dark, the horses attached to the cart got off the track at the place mentioned, and one wheel coming in contact with a boulder, the vehicle capsized, throw ing the occupants violently to the ground. A heavy boiler, part of the load ing of the vehicle, fell on Mrs. Bevans, injur ing her severely. Mr. Nankivell was rendered insensible for an hour by the shock, bat the child escaped without a scratch. The horses . dragged the cart for a considerable distance on its side and then broke away. One was caught soon after the accident, but the other has not yet been recovered., A very large fire in the direction of Mount Bat can be seen from the township. On Friday last Miss Offe, the postmistress at Port Victoria; with her sister and a Miss Brooks, proceeded in a boat rowed by a couple of sailors froni the jetty for the purpose of paying a visit to a vessel lying at some dis tance from the shore, but when alongside the boat capsized, it is supposed through one of the ladies stepping on the gunwale, and all three were immersed iu the water. No time was lost in rescuing them from their perilous position, and being taken on board they ex changed their drenched clothes for articles of attire which the captain and officers placed at their disposal, MOUNT GAMBIER, February 20, The weather is very warm, and the air- is impregnated with the smoke of bush fires. The fires are a long distance from the to*™. A meeting of the Catholic Church was held yesterday after the afternoon service. It was decided to open a subscription list for the erection of a new building, and £303 was subscribed by those present towards this o~b ject Mr. Arthur Hardy, one of the members in the House of Assembly for Albert, arrived from Melbourne on Saturday and left for Millicent this morning. Pneumonia is prevalent here. Several cases were received at the hospital to-day. The rumor that the ship .Sobraon, from Melbourne to London, had been wrecked on our coast was revived to-day, Mr. Mattinson, the contractorjfor the Cape Northumberland lighthouse, having reported, the finding at Carpenter Bock of tie top o£ a trunk on which are painted the words, 'T. J. Proctor, passenger, Sobraon.' A considerable quantity of wheat changed hands to-day at 4s. 3d., delivered at the rail way station here. MOUNT GAMBIER, February22. Dr. Jackson has resigned the position of Assistant Colonial Surgeon at the hospital here. He leaves for England in about three months, and intends to stay there a year or two. On bis return to the colonies he will Erobably settle in Melbourne. The doctor as been here for thirteen years, and- is en titled to a considerable retiring allowance. A bushfire started near Tarpeena a few days ago, and spread thence to Mr. J. C. Sntton's Pleasant Park, Mrs. Mackinnon's Kaladbro, and Mr. Crowe's Mingbool stations. A great deal of grass and a few fences were burnt, but no other property was destroyed. The fire is now being got under. Mr, H. A. Price, the manager of the National Bank left here for Adelaide via Uarr&coorte; yesterday afternoon, to join the firm of William Milne, jun. & Co. Mr. A. Loutit, from Kooringa, has taken his place here. Mr. C. J. Valentine, the Chief Inspector of Stock, has been here during the past two days, and left this afternoon for Yalliun en route for Adelaide. Pleuro- pneumonia is said to be prevalent on the other side of the border. Very little is known about it here, as there is no pleuro in this district. Only a few drops of rain fell to-day. The weather is now fine again. NABBACOORTE, February 17. Last night the annual meeting of sub scribers to the Narracoorte Hospital was held. The report stated that the bank over draft was £454, and other liabilities amounted to £478. The following board of management was appointed :— Messrs. Jeffers, Riddle, Ashton, Jones, BuUarton, Macgilchrist, Car roll, Debeer, Oakes, Loutit, and Attiwill ; and Messrs. Blackwell and Davies were elected auditors. It was decided that the hospital accounts be audited twice a year Only nine persons attended, and very little interest was manifested. Afterwards an informal meeting was held, when the subject of a new railway station and post and telegraph office was discussed. It was decided that the district council be re quested to represent the matter to the Govern ment. It was stated by some of the speakers that the Government had funds for this work, but this fast had not been madepublic before. It is generally thought that the necessary expenditure will require the sanction of Parliament. The weather is warm. NARRACOORTE, February 20. On Saturday a grass fire occurred on the Narracoorte station, near the town. The police, with the aid of others, managed to extinguish the fire after about 50 acres had been burnt. There have been several other fires in the district. Yesterday harvest thanksgiving services were held in the Wesleyan Church and were largely attended. Sermons were preached by the Rev. Messrs. Teague and Steel. At a meeting of the local Road Board to day thirteen tenders, amounting to several thousand pounds, were accepted. ORROROO, February IS. Mr. E. Ward, M.P., arrived heiv last evening, when he was met and interviewed by many of the townspeople and several farmers. The present unfortunate position of the settlers and the concessions to be given by the Government were the topics of in terest under discussion. A public meeting is shortly to be held here to consider these matters and various other important point3 with which the district is concerned. At this meeting Mr. Ward is to :iddress his con stituents. PORT AUGUSTA, February 20. Taylor's Hotel had a narrow escape from burning this evening. A chandelier with three lamps suspended from it fell do\m in the bar, and the lamps exploded. The room was filled with flames, but the fire was soon extinguished. The damage done was small. A laborer named Manuel Rieumal was arrested to-day for stabbing a man named William James hist night. James heard a woman screaming on the sandhills at the out skirts of the town, and found Rieumal evidently indecently assaulting a lubra. An altercation ensued, and Rieumal stabbed the other man iu the hand with his pocket-knife. James -used his hand to guard his body with. The Presbyterians here now hold services in the institute. The Rev. Mr. Gray, of Mount Pleasant, conducted the services yes terday. The meeting called to-night for the purpose of considering what steps should be taken to provide seed wheat for distressed farmers was sparsely attended, and the only business done ?was the election of the following committee to canvass for subscriptions : — Wig Worship the Mayor (chairman), Messrs. Drysdale, Bottomry, Taylor, Mellor, Gooch, Matters, Johns, Arnold, and Bond (secretary). Messrs. Eurgoyne, Drysdale, Gooch, Mellor, and Johns addressed the meeting. The weather is warm. PORT AUGUSTA, February 21. Manuel Rieumal was brought before the beudi this morning, charged with stabbing William James. Much evidence was taken, resulting, however, in the prisoner being fined £5 for common assault, as the lubra to whose relief James went while Rieumal was. assaulting her did not see the thrust with the knife made. Taylor's hotel was more damaged by the recent fire than was at first thought to be the case. The bar counter is badly burnt. It seems that about a dozen laboring men were in the bar at the time of the explosion, and had it not been for their plucky efforts the place -would have been burnt down. Messrs. Coombe & Co. will shortly send Captain Evans, late of the Prospero, to Eng land, for the purpose of purchasing a 600-ton barque to trade between Port Augusta and the colonie?. The weather is extremely warm. PORT GERMEIN, February 20. Main-street is to be widened to admit of rails being laid to reach the wheat stacks, which are being rapidly reduced by ship ments to the two ocean steamers and the large vessels lying to the north of our jetty. The average yield of Winnowie, Baroota, and Telowie, is said to be a little over 2 3/4 bushels, Winnowie being as low as three quarters of a bushel. A delegate from Win nowie has already gone to wait on the Com missioner of Crown Lands. PORT GERMEIN, February 22. A sale of suburban land was held here last night, but there were few buyers and it was not a success. The body of a man was found on the beach this morning, and was identified as that of a seaman who was lost overboard from the steamer Star of Hope last Thursday. An inquest will be held to-morrow. The wheat market is very quiet, and little is doing. PORT PIRIE, February 20. The Port Pirie Amateur Dramatic Club gave a theatrical entertainment in Howe's Assembly-rooms this evening, under the patronage of the mayor and the institute building committee, and in aid of the build- i ing fund. The performance opened with the | 'Pinafore Lancers' by the orchestra, con sisting of a piano, three violins, and a cornet. This was followed by the fwee, 'Cut off with a Shilling,' the characters ia which were sustained by Messrs. Sweeney, Harry, and Boyle. A musical interlude was next given by Messrs. Carter and B. Goode, and a recitation was contributed by Mr. Sweeney. The farce, 'Whitebait at Greenwich,' was then performed, the characters being sustained by Messrs. Sweeney, Simons, Car tea-, Boyle, and Moyle. This brought a most successful entertainment to a a close. No. 1 string band gave sparkling instrumental musical selections during the evening. The new scenery by and the general stage effects under the management of Mr. Bur nand, formed a very successful feature of the entertainment. The large audience pre sent signified their appreciation by carrying hearty votes of thanks to the members of the Dramatic Club at the close of the entertain ment. PORT PIRIE, February 21. ! The heat has been intense to-day. Mr. Henry Abbot, tailor, has presented to ' Mr. Wood, the chairman of the institute, a large oil-painting, 'Samson slaying the Philistines,' by J. H. Fell, of London. Mr. Barnard, the secretary of the Amateur Dramatic Club, informs me that the total proceeds of the eutertainment last night amounted to about £1^, £10 of which he is prepared to hand over io the institute. Thii rc&ects; the highest credit on the elub. PORT PIRIE, February 22. The weather changed during the night, uud to-day it has been cool. A slight shower fell. Mr. Boyle, the secretary of the Amateur Dramatic Club, has handed to Che treasurer of the institute the sum of £10, the result of Monday's entertainment, in aid of the build ing fund. Mr. Barnard supervised the stage arrangements at the cntertainmsnt. The cricket match of the season between the Port Pirie Club and a combined eleven from the Wandearah Club, east and west, and the Hundred of Pirie, was played to-day. The combined team won by three runs. STEPHENSTON via QUORN, Feb. IS. The officer appointed by the Government, Mr. Mellor, is at present among us taking the statistics of the wheat jdeld in the district. Great surprise was expressed at the Com missioner of Crown Lands returning to town without even giving oar hundred a call. The new post-office, built by the Messrs. Garret*, is the first substantial building of stone in the township. A very large fire has been raging for days in the Western ranges,, the illumination being plainly seen from here. WALLAROO, February 22. In reply to the message sent by the corpora tion respecting the water supply, the Com missioner of Public Works has stated that he will endeavor to arrange with the smelting company to start distilling water as .cheaply as possible. This morning it was cloudy,, but only a sprinkling of rain f elL It is now clear. The splendid meteor referred to by Pro fessor Lamb was visible here on Friday evening, and was greatly admired. The pro fessor's description of it corresponds with our observations, except that instead of disap pearing behind a cloud the meteor tailed off like a rocket, and sending out brilliant stars suddenly appeared to spend itself in a tiny thread of light. WILMINGTON, February 2L A meeting was held -last night in the Wil mington Institute, at which it was unani mously decided to hold a public entertainment in about a fortnight's time for the purpose of raising funds towards the distressed farmers' relief fund. The delay of the Government in providing the necessary school accommodation at Wil mington was also discussed at the meeting. It was stated that in June last the Minister of Education acknowledged that more room was necessary, and promised that it would be provided forthwith. Messrs. Finch, Knight, and McMartin were appointed a deputation to wait on the acting-Minister to ascertain what has been done in the matter, and to urge tie necessity of the contract being let immediately. The weather is again extremely hot. 