LOCAL BOARDS OF MAD* ROMfe; central district. Monthly Meeting— Thursday, April 19. Present — Messrs. E. Smith (Chairman), W. Haines, M.P., J. H. Bagster, M.P., T. Hack, J.P., and S. Paltridge, J.P., Commissionera j Messrs. C. T. Harcrave. C;E.. and J. Morris. C.E.. Surreyors : and Mr. E. S. Davys, Secretary. Mr. Grutz, Chairman of the North Rhine Dis trict Council, waited upon the Board as a deputa tion, to ask that the road from Keynton to Sedan should be repaired, as there were about 25 chains on the top of the hill which was in a very bad state. He also suggested to tho Board that a stationman should be placed on the road in question, as by doing so hundreds of pounds would De saved every year. Mr. Morris (Surveyor) intimated that there was a small sum available for the road, and the Chairman said the Surveyor would see to the matter and the work done as far as funds permitted, and if it was found necessary to place a stationman there it would be done. A deputation, consisting of the Mayor and Coun cillors of Glenelg, waited upon the Board, and asked that the road from the Adelaide-road migat be continued right through to Osmond-terrace at the same width as the latter, which was C6 feet. Mr. T. King, M.P. (Mayor of Glenelg) pointed out that at one part of the road, called Hector-terrace, it was only 30 feet wide, and it was dssired that this portion should be widened to 66 feet The traffic was very great, and was likely to increase. The Chairman said it was the intention of the Board when they had built the bridge to widen the road, but al though the other owners were agreeable, Mr. G. C. Hawker objected strongly. Councillor Gell said a portion of Osmond-terrace had a very bad building level, and it could not be drained unless the Board gave them power to alter the water-table. The more important matter was the widening of the road, and the Glenelg Corporation asked that the Board would simply exercise its rights and take the neces sary land compulsorily under the Act. The road being narrow at one part w&s; detri mental to traffic and there was great difficulty in getting from the southern parts of the Hills dis tricts to the Grange and Henley Beach, and also Port Adelaide, and granting of the request would give these places facilities which did not now exist, and would shorten the road to the Port by two miles. Besides these places it was a main thorough fare to other rising townships. The whole of the land required was vacant, with the exception of a cottage, which was untenantable. The matter was of such importance that the Corporation thought the Board would be justified in taking the land be longing to Mr. Hawker. Councillor Lee asked could not the Board induce the Government to purchase the land; their recommendation would nave great weight There was a large settlement eatheringintheneighbourhood, and the road onghtto be widened to one chain. Other owners were willing to sell their land, and Mr. Hawker ought not be allowed to stand against the public interest. The Chairman said the Board quite agreed with the necessity of widening the road, but at present they had no funds. Besides, the Board had laid down as a rule that they had no power to make any recommendation as requested to the Parliament; it was for the deputation to go to the Govern ment and ask for a new road, and, of course, if it was referred to ? the Board, they would then recommend it. Councillor Lee said they deserved special consideration from the Board, as they had kept Osmond-terrace in repair for years. Mr. Hack remarked that if the deputa tion placed the matter before Parliament, they might while they were about it endeavour to get tho other end similarly dealt with. Mr. King assented and would like to know the probable cost of making the road right through. Mr. Hack said they would probably get a special vote for widening the road but not for making it. Mr. King remarked that the Board did not study who was the owner of the land; if it was wanted they took it. Mr. Paltridge 6aid the Board was confined to a certain sum of money, and therefore they never forced a road ; but if the Government asked them to take such a course they had no objection to do so. Mr. King— We will fake the Board's advice and wait upon the Government, and depend upon the Board for assistance. The deputation then withdrew. THIRD CREEK BRIDGE. The Chairman of the Stepney District Council waited upon the Board, and asked that the bridge over the Third Creek might be further widened. At present the bridge was being widened to the extent of eight feet on the northern side, but if left at that it would be dangerous to pedestrians, as the tramcars running there would throw pedet- trians into tbe road. He asked tbat the Board would assist in widening the bridge another 11 feet. The Chairman said the Board would have a look at the bridge before next meeting, and then the request would be considered. DEVIATION OF A ROAD. Mr. S. Tomkinson, M.P., introduced a large deputation, who asked that a deviation should be made in the road near Ingle wood for the purpose of making it Bafor for traffiCj and requesting the Board to help them in memorializing the Government. The Chairman said the Board could not recommend any new roads to be placed on the schedule. The proper course was to go to the Government first, and then, if asked, the Board would recommend the road. Mr. Haines thought the Board might go and see the road. They had already recommended a portion of it, within chains of that now asked for, to be placed on the schedule. Mr. Cornish (a member 01 the deputation) said the people considered that the Black Hill-road, should be abandoned. The-present roads were not desir able, but between the two there could be obtained a splendid road. Mr. Tomkinson believed that it was a deviation that had been approved of by the Board. Mr. Morris (Surveyor) said it was a new piece of road between Houghton Hollow and Houghton township, and it could be dealt with when the new Road Bill was passed. The Chair man still thought the prsper course was to go first to the Government. It was decided to adopt the suggestion of the Board. The deputation then asked that the comer of the footpath at the junction of the Keynton Valley-road and the Main Eastern-road in the township of Gumeracha should be rounded off. The request ?was granted, the cost not to exceed £10. Tbe re moval of certain fences encroaching on the main road in the same township was then asked for, and the matter was nroinised consideration. southern Division. The Superintending Surveyor reported that two contracts had been satisfactorily completed. Wilkie & Johnson's contract, for supplying 2,500 yards of 2j-inch metal, had been taken out of their hands. Thirty-eight contracts were progressing favourably. He had sold the ironwork of the burnt bridge at the Finniss for £4 10s. Six loads of night soil had been thrown on the Dequetteville-terrace road— three on March 27. and three on April 5. S. Hudson, railway contractor, had taken the Board's roller for several days without permission. E. Watts, of Callington, had turned the water from his section on to the main road, and caused much damage. The report was adopted. It was decided that S. Hudson should be fined 10s. a day for using the roller with out permission, and that an action for £50 damages should be instituted against E. Watts for diverting the water. From the Surveyor-General, asking if road through Sections 4464, 4468, and 4471, Hundred of Maccles field, had been abandoned, as the Mount Barker District Council had applied to have it closed legally. To be informed that the road had been abandoned. From G. B. Young & Co., on behalf of F. W. Janesch, asking that the road between Sections 69 and 72, Hundred of Mobilong, might be closed. To be informed that the road was closed so far as the Board was [concerned. From Keeling Brothers, Ashburn. requesting the Board to contribute something towards a new fence erected along the main road, which had been de stroyed by bush-fires. The Board could not sea their wayto comply with the request. From W. M. Sandford, agent for the proprietors of Section 3476, Hundred Kuitpo, asking that a bridge might be made over the deep ditch cut on the northern side of the main road. To be informed that the Board did not make such approaches. From J. Cocking, asking permission to erect a weighbridge at Darlington. Approved. From Onkaparinga District Council, calling at tention to the unsatisfactory state of the Balhannah Toad between Sees. 3935 and 4023. Referred to Superintending Surveyor. From Colonel Downes, asking the Board to repair Military-road in order to remove guns. To be in formed that it was not a main road. From Haimes, Mallen, & Co., asking permission to lay down a drain-pipe from their brewery at Mitcham to the district road. Referred to Superin tending Surveyor. Northern Division. The Superintending Surveyor reported that thirteen contracts had Ibeen satisfactorily completed, and there were forty-six in hand. Two contracts for supplying metal between Ncrth Adelaide and Enfield, and near. Palmer, were behindhand. Received. From Midland District Road Board, agreeing to the plans forwarded for a bridge over the River Light at Kapunda. To be acknowledged. From Mes«rs. Biindey, Dashwood, & Hawker, stating that W. Brook's title to Section 29, Hundred of Dutton, was good. Received. From the minister and trustees of West Marden Wesleyan Church, complaining of action of the servants of the Board in depositing road metal on a portion of the footpath of the main eastern road in front of the Church. Secretary reported havioc directed the cause of complaint to be removed and instructing Overseer not to allow it to occur again. From Arthur Liingley, Acting Hydraulic En gineer, intimating that he had complied with request of the Board ami removed the standpioe and trough at Willaston to the site proposed by the Surveyor. Received. From East Torrens District Council, calling atten tion to the bad state of the Main Eastern-road be tween Norton's Summit and the 9th milepost. Re ferred to tho Superintending Surveyor ; matter to be attended to. From Rosewater District Council, asking to have the Grand Junction-road through Lot J.O.B. de fined. Referred to Superintending Surveyor. From the Surveyor- General, intimating that if the Board intended to exchange the road suggested to be closed between Sections 384 and 418 for the pro posed new road the agreement would have to be forwarded to his office, Agreement signed, and ordered to be forwarded. 