THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. ADMINISTRATION OF THE LAND ACT. The Hon. M. SALOM asked the Commis-<*> sioner of Public Works if the Government had exercised discretion in administering the surrender clause of the Land Act in accord- bad exercised discretion in administering the surrender clause of the Land Act in accord ance with the resolution passed by the Council to that effect? —The OOMMCS SIONEB of PUBLIC WORKS, in replying, said the Commissioner of Crown Lands had been careful to pot up all surrendered selec tions for sale at a fair value, so that the laud would not be reselected at leu than its fair market value. ALLEGED INDISCRETION OF AN ENGINE DRIVER. The Hon. W. C. BUIK, on a formal motion, said that on the previous day the Eton, Mr. Dunn bad called attention to the danger of bush fires arising from the gnus catching fire, and he now wished to call the attention of the Commissioner of Public Works to a letter which he had received that day showing that the men employed on the Government railways were very careless and frequently did things that were calculated to cause bushfires. The letter came from a friend of hie at Glad* fctone, one on whose word he could rely. His informant stated that Messrs. Nichols Bros., of Blackrock, saw the driver of an engine on the midday train on October 31 throw out a lot of red hot cinders from his furnace on to a growing crop alongside the railway line, which took fire. This occurred close to a railway-station, but bad it taken place some distance out it was very likely that the whole of the crop would have been destroyed. He merely wished to direct the Commissioner's attention to the matter, so that he might see that such a dangerous practice was put ? stop to.—The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS acknowledged that the statement took him by surprise. He would make enquiries into the matter, as he held that an enginedriver who was guilty of such a piece of indiscretion as was pointed out in the letter was not fit to have charge of an engine.—The Hon. J. CROZIER said when speaking on the motion of the Hon. Mr. Dunn on the previous day he had been re ported as having said that the district coun cils should burn the grass down in their dis tricts. What he did say was that the district councils should feed the grass down alongside the roads. He would not advocate the burning of splendid feed, as it would be scarce enough before the summer was over, and in many districts it was so now. The motion was withdrawn. SURRENDERING OF SELECTIONS. The Hon. J. B. SPENCE, on a formal notion, stated that he wished to make a few remarks regarding the discretion to be used by the Commissioner of Crown Lands in accenting the surrender of agreements. Ac cording to flic Crown Lands regulations of ISB3, any person iwMing land under agree ment on July I,IBBL, might, on or before December, 1833, surrender such agreement. He maintained, therefore, that unless the Government rescinded this regulation it was not competent for them to exercise any dis cretion whatever in regard to surrenders.—At this stage the orders of the day were called on. FIRE BRIGADES ACT AMENDMENT BILL. This Bill mi read a third time and passed. COMPANIES ACT AMENDMENT BILL. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS moved the second reading of this Bill which was carried. In committee. Clansn 2. Power of companies to change name.—The Hon. M. SAJUOM moved the Insertion of a proviso <MM"g it compulsory for all companies wishing to change their names to advertise their intention once in the Government OazttU and once In one daily newspaper. After a short discussion the pro viso was added to the BilL The remainder of the clauses were passed asnrinted. The BQI was reported and the report was adopted. The third reading was made an order of the day for Tuesday next, CROWN LANDS BILL. The Hon. D. MURRAY, in resuming the debate on the second reading of this Bill, said be intended to vote for the second reading, although not because he believed the Bill to be perfect in its present form. He did not think that the measure would have the effect of benefiting cr of protecting those selectors who were in want of relief, and in bis opinion It would certainly not throw much light on the perplexing darkness of the land laws. He, however, would vote for the second reading because it was desirable that some provision should be made to relieve those farmers who had been toiling without any result for the past three or four years. He would not support the measure in its present form, bat wo aid vote for the second reading, and then if the measure was amended in committee as he de sired he would support the third reading of the measure.—The Hor. G. W. COTION did not intend voting for the BOL He agreed with the measure as to the main principle of deferred payments, but would go further than that Hedidnotwiflhthepurchase- moneytobe paid at all, and he said let the selector keep tbatfor improvement s which should be his own, but let him pay the interest of the purchase money. The selectors should pay rent for the land in perpetuity. He had lived long enough to see that the system of selection on credit had opened the way for putting a stop to further niM?n?tfon of fli? y*My 1 mi*!* of the Crown, and the way in which the Govern ment threw the assets of the Treasury to be scrambled for by tie most venturesome selectors had brought things to such a crisis that be believed *"y administration with sufficient verve to walk through an open gateway, might introduce a measure to stop the selling of land for good and all by substituting a fair mode of leasing Che public estate. The Wakefield system of celling the freehold in blocks and importing labor with part of the proceeds was an ex periment that answered weD, as they all knew, as a first effort for the settlement of the colony, but now a system of leadngall lands in perpetuity should be adopted. He would vote for the amendment, and he hoped that the new House of Assembly would com mence next session fully prepared to grasp the whole question, and send a measure to the Council that would prove satisfactory to the colony at large.— The Hon. J. PICKERING regarded the measure favorably, as he had been led to understand that they would not lose much by the measure. The Bill would give relief to many persons who needed it As to the consolidation of our Land Acts, he thought they should wait several years longer before they passed a consolidating measure, as every year they had to legislate on the land ques tion.—The Hon. M. SALOM said unless the Bill were greatly altered in committee he would hold himself free to vote for its rejec tion. TosomeextenthethoughtthattheHon. Mr. Soottwas justified inhisaction with regard to the Bill, but he was not prepared to sup. port him to the full extent to which he had gone, as he wished to see the effect of the Bill before he dismissed it summarily. He agreed with some of the clauses of the measure, and recognised that some such legislation as the Bill sought to effect was needed. He would vote for the second read ing, but would reserve to himself the right to vote against the BUI on the third reading.— The Hon. J. RANKDfE would prefer that the BQI should be passed in its present form than that it should be thrown out. He admitted that the measure needed alteration, but he would vote for it as it stood rather than see it re jected, as it was a measure that would if passed give relief to a class of people who needed it—The Hon. T. HOGARTH re garded the Bill as a dangerous piece of class legislation, and it would not receive his sup port It was not just to pass such a measure. It would not be just to the man who had paid £1 per acre for his land, and it would not be just to the man who paid £6 per acre. For the past twelve years they had been indulging in class-legislation, and now they were asked to do it again. If a farmer could not get s> living off 1,000 acres of land he would not do so off 4.000; and if they gave him the larger area it would only be locking the land up from men who would make use of it — The Hon. J. CROZIER said .the greatest mistako they had ever made was when they increased the farmers' block from ClO acres to 1,000. In the first instance the selector could farm his 640 acres, and make a good living off it, but when he got 1,000 he had too much on his bands. Consequently the farmer with hia 1,000 acres merely scrsped bis land over, and as it was not properly (armed he got a poor crop, the consequence being that bouth Aus tralia was decried as a bad wheat-producing country. If the BHI were passed it would not satisfy the farmers. He-would not give any discretionary powers to the Govern ment after the way they had aflminit tered the surrender clause during the recess. On the motion of the Hon. R. A. TARCTO ST. the debate was adjourned till the following Tuesday. CUSTODY OF INFANTS BILL. This 801 was received from the House of Assembly and read a first time, the second reading being fixed for the following Wed nesday. BTRATHALBYN RAILWAY BILL. This Bill was received from the House of Assembly and nead a first time, the second MsWHiill IwilniL fluid fns Thnrsflsj nnrt GLBNELG RAILWAY AMENDMENT BILL. TbeconsldaaUon of the amendments made in this ?fH by the Bom of Aaseofely wm made an order of the day for the following WATER CONSERVATION BlLtu This measure was received from the House Of Assembly, and read a first time, the wcond reading being fixed Cor the following Thurs day. The Council at 4 p.m. adjourned tin the following Tuesday. 