GOVsRnssesNT LAND SoALS.-A sale of crown land was held at 2.30 p.m. yesterday. For the first time in this district in the case of government land, the sale was heold on the ground, placards were posted round the town announcing the sale, the advertise. ments in the local papers woro slightly longer and more explicit than formerly, and one or two 'busses ran to the ground. The land is situated in the western environs of Goulbnrn, some distance bo yond St. Patrick's College, and about a mile and a half from tihe post oflice, and it comprised a hill which some time ago was suggested as the best sito for a srviceo reservoir for supplying the town with water, for. whicl, on account of its superior altitude, it would certainly seem better adapted tha tihe site that has been determined on. The sale was con ducted by the local crown lands agent, Mr. H. T. iMakin, assisted by Mr. Freeman, inspector of land offices. The attendance was small. Seventy-five lots woere catalogued, varying in area from 1 aera to 2a. lr. 37p. Two (Nos. 26i and 265 on the plan but not catalogued) were withheld from sale for the present on account of there being at their junction a beacon in connexion with the trigonometrical sur voy of the colony. Tile upset price was £12 per acre; and tho lots sold went at from this prico up to £33 10s., which was given for the last lot, consisting of la. Ir. 14p., and being the nearest to the city. For thirty-three of the lots, being badly situated- and consisting of barren and stony land, there was no offer. The lots sold weore knoced down as follows :-Portion 233, to S. B. Bargo, at upset price; 235, same buyer, £13; 236 and 237, same buyer, upset price; 240, D. Kennedy, upset price ; 248 to 251 inclusive, T. J. Loder, upset price; 281 and 262, S. B. Burge, upset price; 27.4, M. Lynch, upset price; 275, F. Deacon, £26; 276, same buyer, £27 5/; 277, same buyer, £28 15/; 278, T. O'Keeffo, £25; 270, Henderson Brothers, £20 5/; 280, same buyers, £25 15/; 281, S. B. Hendli'4eon, £25 5/; 282, J. 0. Henderson, £25 10/; 28332;Si Burgo, £26 5/; 284, Dr. ?eo Killop, £10 10/; 25, einme buyer, £24 ; 286, L. Macnrthur, £16 10/ ; 2F7;,"samo buyer, £18; 288, M. Lynch, £25 9/; 289,' L. Macarthur, £18 I51; 290, same buyer, £25 10t; 291, Dr. Mo Killop, £25 10/; 292, F. Deacon, £14; 293, same buyer, £20 5/; 291, samo-buyer, £15 5/ ; 295, same buyer, £13 5/; 296, Dr. Me Killop, upset price ; 297, same buyer, £15 15/; 298, Dr. Sly, £17; 299, Dr. oMfo Killop, £20 5/; 300, F. Deacon, £31 5/; 301, Dr. Sly, £28 5/; 302, same buyer, £33 10/. The total area sold was 48 acres 3 roods 141 perches, and the total amount realised was £782' 13/, being £1.90 over the upset price. Tss LTE Buoo?n AceCDrNT. - We are glad to learn that Mr. John Sloeombo, who was severely injured on Monday last through a buggy' iccideont, was yesterday considerably better. AccnlDrT.-A man named Robert Mec'Iy, forty. five years of age, was admitted into the hospital yesterday, suffering from a broken leg. It appears tlhat whilst getting off a waggon he had the mishap to twist one of his feet under him, and his log was broken above the ankle.. Dr. He Killop reduced the fracture, and thepatient is progressing favourably. Me Kay has rocontly.been worling for Mlessrs. Top. ham, Angus, and Co., four miles the other side of Tarago. FnosT.--We are informed there was a slight frost at Whoseo on Tuesday morning. INsoLVENCY.-On Tuesday last, before the district commissioner, a meeting was hold in the estate of William Od'Ell of Goulburn, upholsterer. The insolvent attended, and was examined by the com missioner, and stated that he attributed his insolvency to the loss of his team of horsesathrough the drought, and the long illness of his first wife, who died about two years ago; his schedule was correct, and he did not wish to amnend it. There wore no creditors present, and the meeting closed. CAUTION To BDTnrns.-In consequenco of the number of complaints that have been made, the police intend to take proceedings against all persons found bathing during tile hours between six a.m. and eight p.m. in places exposed to a public road. We are requested to mention that this caution n particularly applies to the river at Taylor's Willows, near Konmaro, and at the back of the Church of England burial-.ground, in connaction with which places complaints are frequently made to the police, especially of bathing on Sundays. Connia oF ENGLAND TEMPERANCE SOCIETr. The monthly meeting of St. Saviour's branch of this society was hoeld in the vestry of the pro Cathedral on Tuesday evening. Tloro was a fair attendance, chieftly children. The Von. Archdeacon .Puddicombopresided, and presented MissesoFlorene Sproulo and Minuio Holdorf with the two prizes hIe had promised at the beginning of the year to the two miluberrs who would render the greatest nulber of recitations, readinge, or instrssunsetl-l pieces osi the pianoflrte, during the year. A third prize was given to 2Miss Maria Monkley by tieo socivty. The evening's duntlertailtnett consisted of igstrlumeut d ; music and recitatioeun, hies showed carelfoI study s in their preparation, especially a dialogue rendered by IMisses A. Alexander and ,. Oysam. I/r. J. Walsh gave a short address. The procecdings plosedl witWh tho ttional Authoes. Pnonl?:ADr. CoscG:n'.-On Monday evening a concert in aid of the St. Saviour's cathedral organ fund wan held in the Agricultural Society's pavilion. The attendance was large, nearly all the sitting ac commodation being occupied. The side aisles of the building were left clear to permit of the audience having a promenade during the interval, and at the western end of the building a refreshmenlt bar was erected, where ice-cream, oc., could be obtained. This was the first ontertainment of the kind in this building, and there was a difference of opinion as to its adaptability. The instrumental portion of the programmeo was well heard throughout the building, but some of the vocal solos were imperfectly heard. The programme, which w.a a varied one, consisting of instrumental music, solos, and choruses, was on the whole fairly rendered. As the performers were all amateurs assisting in forwarding a good object, it would not be fair to criticiso their efforts too closely. Mr. F. W. Harmer acted as conductor, and deserves great credit for the manner in which the choruses were given, all the voices blending well together. Tile solos given by Messrs. Burry and HIolloway were fully appreciated by the audience, the latter receiving a well-deserved encore. The violin solos performed by Mr. Laugdon showed that gentleman's full control of the instrument. The accompanists wore Messrs. -Iarmor and Burry, who performed their task to the satisfaction of all. Mr. Harmer expressed regret at the absence of Mr. Melrose, who was to havo performed a fluto solo, but was prevented from being present through an attack of bronchitis. At the conclusion of the pro. gramme the Lord Bishop of Goulbuin on behalf of the congregation of St. Saviour's thanked those who were instrumental in getting up the ontertainment, mentioning especially Mr. Harmer. The Young Australian Band performed soleations outsideJ the building before the concert commenced and within tile building during the interval, apparently to the great enjoymont of the audience. QuaeratTn.Sessias ??D Dlstrmer CoorT.-Oflicial intimation has been given that tile next Goulburn quarter-sessions have been fixed for Wednesday, 19th March, and the district court for Friday, 21st March. PFuBlic Scu?ooL AT G?tesNwicot PlAnt. - In tile Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, Mr. Stuart, in reply to Mr. Abigail for Mr. Holborow, said it was his intention to have a new school built at Green wich Park, near Marulan, as soon as the residents agreed lpon a suitable site. CRICKET. - The Goulburn Club, represented by Belcher, Howard, Lougley, Weatherby, Nesbitt, Lumsdon, Friend, Hayes, Moon, Thompson, and Cusack, will proceed to Sydney on Friday night next for tlhe purpose of playing three nmtches there. Tile first will be against a team from Bathurst on Saturday. On Monday they are to play the Warowieks (Sydney), and on Wednesday (Boxing Day) tile return match will be played with tihe Belvidero Club. The first two matches are to be played on the Association Ground, and the last on tite Domain. It is hoped our club's ropresen tatives will acquit themselves successfully. Each match begins at 10.30 sharp.-A matell which excited much interest was played on the association cricket ground on Monday and Tuesday, between eleven of the Sydney gratmnar school and eleven of tihe Melbourne grammar school. It was one of the best matches of tile season, and resulted after an exciting contest inl a victory for the Melbourne boys by 3 runs, Melbourne scoring a total in the two innings of 238, and Sydney 235. RIILxAY ExcuRstoN T' MbANNAtroeon.-Under tile auspices of thie Belmoro Lodge of the Protestant Alliance Friendly Society of Australasia, arrange. moets have been made for a railway excursion to Mannafiold on Boxing.day, where a variety of amusements will be provided, tile programme of which will appear in next issue. The train will leave Goulburn at 9 a.m., returning at 6 p.m. CounT or PsT'reT.ScssioNs, M?nuLAa.-In reply to a communication forwarding a petition from the residents of Marulan for the establishment of a court of petty-sessions at that place, Lieutenaut. colonel Holborow has received a communication from the department of justice informing him that the matter will receive due consideration. MAIsL CETrWEEN LEIIonwooD AND GOLSPIE.-- Liout.. colonel Holborow M.P. has received a communication from the postal department informing him that the tender of Mr. Robert Sullivan has been accepted for the conveyance of mails to and from G-olopio and Leighwood, three times a week, on horseback, for the ensuing two years, for a sum at the rate of £19 per annum. Till GoununsmN J.al has become so crowded that in order to relieve it, the authorities were compelled to send a batch of prisoners to Braidwood jail on Tuesday morning. AcciouNr.-On Tuesday morning James Wilkie, son of Mr. Thomas Wilkie, builder, met with an accident while working at a building in course of orectiou in George-stroet. He was engaged on the building and during his work overbalanced and fell oome twelve feet, thlroby sustaining some internal injuries, being considerably shaken and having one of his fingers burst through falling with his arm underneatU him. Tile sufferer was taken home and attended by Dr. Gentle, and it is expected will soon be able to resume his usual dutties. ODDFEer OWS' HALL.-Theo drama of No Moery was played by the Dampier company at the above haull on Tuesday evening to a small house, which, considering the strength of the company and the merits of tho performance, must have been dis couraging to the proprietor. Briefly told, the plot of this play is thus :--Mrs. Gerald Byton has married against her fathor's wishes, and a plot is formed, headed by the brother, Harry Drayton, to separate her from her husband and take her to a madhouse, but he is defeated in the endeavour by the opportuno arrival of Gerald Eyton, her husband. After hot words on each side a strugglo ensues, in which the brother draws a revolver with the intention of taking Gerald's life, it accidentally explodes, aud theo brother is shot. Gerald is tried for murder, and sentouenced to death, the sentence being subsequently commuted. In the meanutime, his wife has gone to Australia as a governess to the family of Dr. Nesfield. After a lapse of nine years Gerald, the convict, escapes from Dartmoor prison, as4 we soext see him on an Anus tralianu bush station, whero he asks for food and shelter, and is recogniseq by an old college chum, and the meeting between thle two is very affecting. On the station heo hears rmtours of his wifo's in fidelity, and subsequently a meeting takes place between man and wife, and she, fully believing him to be the murderer of her brother, cannot reconcile herself to live with him again, and leaves him in despair. He is met by Dr. Nesfield and learns the kindness he has bestowed upon his wife and child, and that the rumours of his wife's infidelity wero without foundation. A sensational mooting takes place with Gerald and his hlttle daughter in which he leaves her to decide his fate. After hearing a few words he, believing lifo would be a misery were he to live, poisons himself. The acting of Mr. Dampier was very affecting, and horeceivedrepeated applause from the audience. Mr. Sam Poole, as King Charley, the aboriginal, caused great laughter every time he ap peared. Mr. St. Lawrence rendered lhis part well, and delighted his hearers. The acting of tho Misses Dampier deserves great praise, especially the younger. Messrs. lonby, Holloway, and Cssar ware in their proper positions; and Mrs. Holloway received duo praise, also thle Misses Russell and Morton. Last night the Black Flag was produced to a moderate house. liccnvEs, TuoEA.-Tho temporary roservation from sale of the undormontioned portions of land has been revoked, the reservation to take effect at tho expiration of thirty days from 17th December: Part of the Tuona reservo from salo pending com. pletion of census of 1881. County of Georgiana, parish of Bombah, area 2 acres. That part of the aboveomontioned reserve, notified 6th April, 1881, included in portion No. 47, parish and county aforo said, as shown on plan catalogued G. 2507-1500, survoyor-general's office.-Part of the reserve at Toona pending completion of census of 1881. County of Georgiana, parish of Tuona, area 2 acres. That part of the abovo-montioned reserve, notified 6th April, 1881, included within portion No. 260, as shown on plan catalogued G. 2486-1506, surveyor general's oflico.-Tho undermentioned portion of land has bean withdrawn from temporary commonage at Tuena:-County of Georgiana, parish of Tuona, area 2 acres. That part of tho above-mentioned common, notified 13th March, 1877, included within portion No. 260, as ohown on plan catalogued G. 2486-1506, surveyor-goneral's oflice. HIIAvYY LOAD or Woon.-A carrier named Creer delivered at the Bowning railway-station on Satur day last a load of fifty-.four bales of wool, weighing over eight tons. This is, we believe, the greatest number of bales of wool over carried in one load on the southern roads.-Yass Courier. Tel S.a FAs.etsco MaNl.--Tho Pactlif Mail Company' steamer City of Sydney arrived at Auckland from Satu -Franuiseo at 10.15 p.m. on 5 ouday. The Rev. J. Htay has been appointed to fill the 1eov. Charles Strong's place in Melbourne. Drowsiness, bilioitsuess p:aius and aches, and ague, lop Bitters always cures. ltead advt.. VoraNTEssco?o.-A rifle contest will take place on Saturday in Goulburn between ten men from the Volunteer Artillery Itillo Club of Sydney and a similar number ofel tie Goulburn lille Assocition. The distances will be 500 and 600 yards, 7 lshts at each range. The following will reprosont Goulbnrn: -Captain Blackshaw, Sergeants Sherring and Wil kic, Corporal Fowler, Larre..corporal Cassidy, Bugler Adunns, Privates Baxter, Beasloy, Coomber, and S. Nelson. Tihe visitors will be entertained at a dinner at tihe oddlellows' lodge-room in the evening. On Sunday there will be a church parade of the whole of the members of tie Goulburn comnpany, in which tihe artillerymen n are expected to join. The company will fall in at ten o'clock, and will be marched to the various churches, headed by the Premier Band. I'rr.ts'cTATIONs TO SUr - ISrwP:OcrOr FrE roe. Yesterday after the conclusion of the Goulburn police court business, Mr. Alexander, police magie. trate, on behalf of the bench and with thire consent of the inspector-goneral and Superintendent Morris. sett, presented Mr. Fenton with a handsome gold watchir in acknowledgement of Iris services in conducting the police court business here during the last twenty-one years. The watch was obtained from Hardy Brothers, Sydney, and bears the following inscription :-" Presented to Sub-Inspector 1R. Fenton by the Bench of Magistrates, Goulburn, December 1883." Mr. Fenton suitably replied, re marking that Le had over boon courteously treated by the bunch while in the discharge of his duties. He hoped the presentation made him would act as an incentive to other oflicers occupying a similar position to his. He was thanklful to the inspector general of police and to Superintendent Mlorrissett for allowing tire presontat:on to be made; and ihe was thankful to the bench for their handsome pre sent. Mr. Feuton concluded with a well-worded tribute to the memory of the late Captain Zouch, with whom he had for so many years boon offici ally associated. -- Mr. Fonton during the many years he has been amongst ns as senior.-sergeant has had the conduct of numbers of difficult cases as well as the management of the foot police, and has shown considerable firmness, ability, and im.. partiality, and it is satisfactory to find his merits recognised, first by his promotion in thire force anrd next by this presentation. Mr. Fenton is still conducting the cases at the police court. Connec'rs.-In the prize.list of Hurstvillo College the name of tile boy who gained the French prize in the fifth form was erroueously given in tire list furnishbed to us and publisled in our last issue ; it should have been C. Alexander. Tertrrrrrr,c AccIDENT. - FOUrn IEN KILED.- Melboureo, Tuesday.-A terrible mining accident happenal at tire Dukie mine, Timer, this morning. Four men were going down the shaft in the eight o'clock shift, and got into tire cage, wheo tile engine-driver wound the wrong way and drew them up to the poppet heads. The chain snapped and the cags fell to tire bottom of the shaft, which is very deep. Thie riners were cut to pieces. The names of tire men who were Itilled were, Jarmes IRogan, Jolhn Rogers, Charles Whitoley, and William Jones.--Telegram to Evening News. PAsTOAL ITEt.s.--Mr. John Cooper of Mitta Mitta Creek, has shorn a small flock of pure merinos, bred by himself, the fleeces of which averaged 0 lb. each.--We have been informed that the Ellerslio clip this season averaged something over 7 lb. a flecco.-Mr. Waugh of the Lachlan has purchased Yarongobilly run, and on Saturday a draft of 7000 sheep passed through Gundagai from that gentle. man's run for their summer quarters in the mountains.-Gundagai Times. TaE New Lo.t'i.-Thn Eenning News of Tuesday states that the government is in possession of certain advices by cable, from which, it is stated, they have reason to believe no dilliculty will arise with reference to the now loan of three millions. The terns on which the now loan is to be negotiated are: -5 per cent. deposit, with tenders to be received on the 20th December ; 5 per cent. on 7th January 1881; 10 per cent. on 3rd March ; 20 per cent. on 2nd April ; 20 per cent. on O2nd Iay ; and 40 per on 3rd Juno. Tile loan will be repayable in fifty years. Tne COmNwo Co?rs"r.-R?specting tire comet now on view in the northern hemisphere, Mr. Charles Todd has supplied tire South Australian Register with information from which we gather that it is identical with the comet discovered by Poens on July 20, 1812, being tire sixteenth comet discovered by that industrious observer within the space of ten years. It is. now approaching tile earth, and will continue to do so until January 9, and will be in perihelion on tire morning of January 26 at a distance from the sun of somewhat over 71 millions of miles. It is now moving rapidly south, and is nearly within our reach here, and as the moonlight diminishes will probably be visible to the naked eye in the north-weostern sky after sunset towards the end of thes month, its position on January 1 bioing right ascension 21 h. 40 m., and nineteen degrees north .declination. Towards the end of January it will bj nearly equi.distant from the earth and sun, being on January 28 72; millions of miles from the former, and about 71J millions of miles from the latter. A New LINE O? 8STeIMIEcS eon AUSThAL.A.-It is stated in an English paper that the now line of steamers which is about to run from the northern parts of France and Antwerp to Anustralia and Now Caledonia is in the hands of "The Compagnio do Commerciale do Transports a Vapour," a Havre association, It is said that it will not receive a sub vontion from the French government except in so far as it will carry within certain specified limits cargo that the gdvernmoent may offer. It may also be called upon to assist in the transport of convicts to Noew Caledonia. It is expected that the now line will secure a large carrying trade in wool. Manu facturers in the north of Franco find it cheaper to buy their supplies in London than to bring Australian wool from Marseilles to Havre, Roubaix, &ce.; They have long desired to divert a portion of the Australian wool-trade to the northern parts of France, and think a favourable opportunity has now presented itself. SERIOUB ACCIDENT TO Do. IeICHADSON.-It is with deep regret we learn that a very serious accident has befallen Dr. S. L. Richardson, the much-esteemed resident nedical practitioner of Qusanboyan. Dr. Richardson had been called away on professional duties to Bungoendoro on Sunday. About nine o'clock that night his horse, riderless, was seen coming through the streets of Queanboyan towards his stable; and, suspecting that an accident had occurred, a couple of townsmen went out in search of the rider. Near the largo culvert at the north-east end of the town, where the Bungoedore and Gundaroo roads converge, they found the doctor lying bleeding and insensible alongside the road. He was promptly convoyed to the residence of Mr. R. Swan, where his injuries were attended to, and the sufferer nursed as well as could be through the night, and next morning at saylight he was removed to his own home. So far as can be ascer tained, the dotor's horse -a nervous, spirited animal -must have shied at the culvert, unseated his rider, whose foot being entangled in the stirrup, he was dragged some distance along the road before being liberated. The injqries appareut are-a loilg, deep scalp-wound frome the 'rowq to tile base of the skull, and several abrasions and contusions. The patient remains in a semi-conscious state, under the earo of Dr. Fitzpatrick, a medical gentleman who happened to be travelling in the neighbourhood. The case is considered serious, but hopes are outer. tained that the sufferer will speedily rally. Quaouboyan Ago. TELEOnAPnIc COMIUNICATION ON THE EXPRnes Tnoass.--Tho express trains running between Albury and Sydney are now illtted with electric communica. tion betweeoon the enginuo-driver and the rest of the train. The boll is in the engine, and two wires run from it underneath the carriages to the guard's van. Each compartment has a button inserted in the wall, covered by a glass cap and when necessity arises, any passenger can remove the cap, and by pressing on the button thus disclosed, warn the driver by ringing the bell. To prevent those mischievously.inclined from perpetrating any jokes, the cap is so constructed as not to be very easily readjusted unless the secret of its application to the framework of the button is known. The mode of linking the wires between the carriages is very in genious and effective. On oeither side of the coupling iron the wire runs out encased in gutta-porcha protection. Instead of being straight, however, the wires at this point are made spiral, so as to act as a spring, and "give and take" when required. Tile portion outside tihe carriages is about 2 ft. long, and at the end is provided with a hook, which enables the current to be continued with tihe wire from the opposite vehicle when attached. The two, when hooked, hang dowu, so that the contact is necessarily continuous. The button in the sleeping car is fixed in the lobby at either end, and the battery which supplies the power is contained in the engine. Correspondent Melbourno Argns. - Bush-fires are burning in the neighborhood of Parrameatta. Thu property of Mr. Jolhn Brown of Lano Cove has been destroyed, the loss being very cousiderable. VWnooA WoaoA.-Mr. P. 5. F. Stephen has been appointed ncting-inspctor of sheep and deputy. registrar of brands for the sheep district of Wagga Wagga, during the absence, on leave, of Mr. Inspector Brentnall. Tun: Mosfnoose.-Ilnformation has been received by the minister for mines that tice mongoose recently sent into the rabbit districts are doing good work. Mr. Quin, M.L.A., has forwarded to the minister ia letter written to Mr. Quin by Mr. David Chrystal of Mulnrula, a station in tihe western back blocks, in which the writer says :-" Concerning tile mongoose, they are doing wonderful work, and my only trounblo is that I have no more of them." Ho thinks that, to ensure the complete success of the oxperiuont, the mongoose should be lot loose in parts of tie country exempt from the. provisions of the rabbit regulations relating to fumigation and rabbiters. He expresses this opinion, because the rabbiter can easily trap the mongoose, and will do so. " Recently," be says, " the tally of a trapper on the Manfred run, for a week, was fourteen cats and thirteen rabbits, and another ina admitlted having trapped eleven iguanas." " Tie plain fact remains," Mr. COrystal writes, " that wse are destroying every one of the natural enemies of the rabbit, and unless something is done at once, we shall be facing an outlay that all the squatters on the land and the treasury will not be able to meet." He suggests that a fourtll division of the colony, to be called'the rob. bit infested division, should be declared in thei new Land Bill, and that it should be defined by a line north of the junction of the lchlahti:o and Murrun. bidgeo, running to the South Ahustralian and Queenis. land borders, leaving out, however, the river front. ages, which for ten miles back should be included in the third division. lRlferriing to the state of the country in his district with regard to tile weather and tihe supply of grass and water, MIr. Chrystal says the season is a terrible one and the losses will be. something fabulous.-S. M. Herald. IItAIEST IN THIl YASS DISTRICT.--Tb OXCOessive heat of the past week has tended to ripen the crops very quickly, and farmer.; are serieusly inicon. venienced by the scarcity of labour. On:Saturday. any numaber of harvesters could have fouind em? i ploymont, but as they were not obtainable, roectrseo was had to machinery, the Adelaide stlippers being in most request. The crops in the Yass, Binalong, and Murrumburralh districts are unusually heavy, and the large yield expected will in a great measure matte amends for tie low price of grain with which the market will open. At present there is but little old wheat offering, and holders have lost by not selling earlier in the season. Tie new crop is now being harvested, and the market will most ihkely open at about 3/G per bushel.-Yass Courier. 6000 tons of coplper ore, valced at £10,000, have been raised at Burraga, near Bathurst, within the past six months. DIsTaEssnIs SUICIDI.-A telegram from Dublbo to the S. M. Herald says that on Saturday evening Mr. Frank Day J.P., owner of the Bellariugar station, eighty miles from Dubbo, committed suicide by cutting his throat. The deceased was originally a partner in Nebea station, Castlereagh River, and sold his share, taking out of t!lat station £27,000 in cash. He invested this in Bellaringar; but since buying it the seasons havo been nmost unfavourable, and recently the sheep have had to be removed from Bollaringar, where there is no feed, to Wel. lington, and it is thought MIr. Day has had to borrow largely in order to keep on. The drought and his losses preyed so heavily on his mind that ihe lost his reason and killed himself. Deceased was highly intelligent, very persevering, and most honourable. His death is much'regretted. RBEennRED TO COMMISSIONERS.-The claims of thi holders of the undermentioned conditional purchases have been referred to commissioners for inquiry: Thomoas Rogers, two lots, 40 acres each, county St. Vincent, parish Monga ; selected 0thl Dec. 1809 and 6th January 1870. John Riedy, 100 acres, county Beresford, parish Milford; selected 17th Feb. 1876. John Rumble, 40 acres, county Harden, parish Douglas; selected 15th April 1880. John Harvey (transferred to Robert Harris, transferred to Aus. tralian Joint Stoc Bank), 40 acres, county Wyn yard, parish Tywong ; selected 30th.Dec. 1875. A soveroe shock of earthquake was felt on Tuesday over the greater part of the Middle Island. No damage from its effects is reported. The wheat harvest in the early districts of Victoria is reported to be averaging 25 to 30 bushels per acre. 