. i LAGHLAN RESERVES. We beg to draw attention to the following intimations of local interest : — j REVOCATIONS. No. 28. Harden, Wallendbeen, 1 square mile, that part of Wallendbeen reserve wh'ich is bounded on the east by a line commenc ing at a point 1 mile east from the north west corner, and bearing south 1 mile, and on the south by a line bearing west 1 mile. Part of reserve 1,788, county Harden, parish Cootamundra, about 4 acres. That part of reserve 1,788 for public purposes, notified September 29, 1879, included within the following boundaries — commencing on the south-east side of the road from Junee to Cootamundra, which road is situate on the southern side of the Great Southern Railway lino, at the northernmost corner of T. M'Beath's special lease of 2 acres as shown on plan catalogued H. 4,086-1,716 Surveyor- General's office ; and bounded on part of west by the east boundary of that special lease of 2 acres bearing south 3 minutes east 4 chains 70 links ; on the north by part of the south boundary of Thomas M'Beath's special lease of 2 acres aforesaid bearing south 89 degrees 57 minutes west 85 links ; on the remainder of the west by a line bearing south 3 minutes east 1 chain 22 links to the north-east side of a road 150 links wide ; on south-west by part of the north-east side of that road bearing south 66 degrees 56 minutes east 6 chains 27 links to the south extremity of the west boundary of portion 272 of lla 2r lp ; on the east by the west boundary of that portion bearing north 3 minutes west 9 chains 56 links to the south-east side of the road which is situated on the southern side of the railway line be fore mentioned ; and thence on the north west by part of tho south-east side of that road bearing south 76 degrees 37 minutes west 5 chains .5 links to point of commence ment. — Note : Reserve 2,709 from sale, 359 from lease for special lease includes above. Part of reserve 1,956, county Bland, parish Bundawarrah, 2 roods. That part of re serve 1,956 for gold- mining purposes, noti fied May 19, 1880, included witbin the 'boundaries of alloiment 6, section 1, town of Temora, as shown on plan catalogued T. 5-2,244 roll, Surveyor- General's office. Part of reserve 1,956, county Bland, parish Bundawarrah, town of Temora, 1 rood. That part of reserve 1,956 notified 19th May, 1880, for gold-mining purposes, included within allotment 20 of section 4, as shown on plan catalogued t. 5-2,244 roll, Surveyor General's office. ?.RESERVES FROM SALE. For Water Supply and Camp'my : No. 2.718, county Harden, parish Walleu- ( doon, on the road from Cootamundra to j Murrumhurrah, about 97a, commencing at j, the north-east corner of portion 4, and j bounded on the south by a line partly form- j ing the north boundaries of thatrportion and portion 44 west 80 chains 17 links to the east boundary of portion 33 ; on the west by part of that east boundary north 15 chains 30 links to Connaughtmau's creek ; by that j creek downwards to a point west of the j south-west corner of portion 326 ; by a liue j partly forming the south boundary of that portion and crossing the creek beforornen tioned east to the south-west corner of portion 328 ; by Hues forming the southern boundaries of portion 328 bearing north 89 degrees 56 minutes east 117 chains 29 links north, 70 degrees 20 minutes east 4 chains 93 links, south 48 degrees 30 minutes east 3 chains 79 links, south 40 degree 39 minutes east 4 chains 69 links, south 68 degrees 13 minutes east 3 chains 84 links, south 75 degrees 28 minutes east 7 chains 91 links to the south-west corner of portion 192 ; on the east by a line south to the north-west corner of portion 5 and by part of the wost bound ary of that portion south 3 chains to point of commencement. In lieu of reserve 1:8 from sale, 54 from lease, cancelled. For Special Lease : No. 2,709, county Hai'den, parish Coota mundra, about 4a, commencing on the south-east side of the road from Junee to Cootamundra, which road is situated on the southern side of the. Great Southern Bailway Line, at the northernmost corner of T. M'Beath's special lease of 2a, and bounded on part of tne west by the east boundary of that special lease of 2a bearing south 3 minutes east 4 chains 70 links ; on the north by part of the south boundary of T. M'Beath's special lease of 2a aforesaid, bearing south 89 degrees 57 minutes west 85 links ; on the remainder of the west by a line bearing south 3 minutes east 1 chaim 22 links to the north-east side of a road 150 links wide; on the south-west by part of tho north-east side of that road bearing, south 66 degrees 56 minutes east 6 chains 27 links to the soutb. extremity of the 'west boundary of portion 272 of lla 2r lp ; on the east by the west boundary of that portion bearing north 3 minutes west 9 chains 56 links to the south-east side of theroad which is situated -nj f-.be Fioutheru mcto of the railway linf* beforementioned ; and ou the north-west by part of the south-east side of that road bearing south 76 degrees 37 minutes west 5 chains 5 links, to point of commencement. The above is withdrawn from lease as 359, and includes an area of 4 acres proposed to bo leased to William Roberts for bricknmk ing. That part of reserve 1,78H, included in the above, is cancelled. -'c- Distjrict Court.— This court is to be held in Cootamundra on the 19th March next ; and intending suitors should file plaints twelve clear days before the date of sitting. The sheet is not likely to bo a heavy ono this time. 'The Australian Oddfellow.'— Wo have receivedvNo. 1 of the new series of this publication, which was commenced as The Oddfellow in Kiama, in 1879, by Mr. Wm. Webb. It is now published in eight folio pages, similar in form to our own paper, and gives evidence of being well conducted. Mr. George E. Cass is the present proprietor, who is one of the members of Parliament for the Bogan. The paper contains a large variety of news of tne order. Lost Property.— As lying at the Rail way Lost Property Department, the follow ing are gazetted as among a list of articles : In the name of Doyle, from Wallendbeen, one canvas package, freight 2/4 ; in the name of Madder, from Clarendon, one paper parcel, 3d.; and in tho name of Bivok, from Junee, one portmantf.iu, 3, 10. There is a stripper at the Cootamundra station which for a long time has been yearning for an owner. There are also two cases tying un claimed — one of 8ft. galvanised iron. Public Schools.— Mr. C. Hardy has ob tained the contract for the eroction of the public school at Junee?.-. Junction, for £1,889/13/6; Messrs. Van Iderstine and Gough, Young, for the erection of public school and buildings : at Cudgell Creek, for £685/7/9. The tender of Messrs S. C. Kay ser and Co., Sydney, has Been accepted for9 deodorising and disinfecting closets at the public schorls in the metropolis— a change which is quite as much needed in the country as in the city. In Cootamundra we have a public park to preserve the health of the people ; and adjoining it we have a public school cesspit which is calculated to breed a pestilence. Our member is eloquent on in consistencies. This is a glaring one. ' Illustrated Sydney News.'— The February number of this popular publication is accompanied by a large picture supple ment, entitled ' To the Rescue,' represent ing a sheep dog attacking a wolfish-looking dingo which had found its way among a number of terrified sheep. It is an excellent composition, from the pencil of a young and rising colonial artist* The illustrations in the number are unusually good, including 'A Picnic on the Blue Mountains,' 'Valen- tine's Day at a Bush Post Office,' 'The Electric Light at Circular -Quay,' a scene from ' Boccacio.'. Portrait of Rosa Towers, Sketches of the proposed railway bridge across^ the Hawkesbury, and a page of characteristic portraits, of the Hon. Alexander Stuart, Hon. G. H. Reid, Hon. H. Copeland, Hon. Edmund Barton, Mr. J. M'Elhone, Mr. D. Buchanan, and the ex -Premier. The literary contents are unusually interesting, including a number of competitive ' Land Act Alphabets,' that gaining the first award being as following : — A it- Australia, the country of wonders ; B is the Bill of the land, with its blunders ; C are the Clauses, confusion increasing ; D are the Dummies, who grab without ceasing ; E is tho Enmity thereby engendered ; V are tho Fibs as the money is tendered ; G- tho Gasttte where the forfeits appear ; H are tlie Houses, not lived in, I fear ; I is the Interest some want remitted ; J is Jack Robertson the keen and quick- witted ; K are the Knights the new Bill brought to grief ; Ti is a land-shark, a swindler, and thief ; M is the Muddle the country got in ; N is tho Number who struggled to win ; O was the Opportune time for a stand ; I' was the Popular cry through the land ; i'A were the Quarrels the land law has bred ; R is the Ruin on many a head ; S are tho Speeches to gull the electors ; T are the Thursdays, the days for selectors ; U is the Urgent demand for reform ; V are the Victims whose anger keeps warm ; W the 'Wrongs felt by rich and by poor ; X the 'Xcuses of Jack on his tour ; V is the Yoke which too long was endured ; Z is the Zeal which a change has secured. Kiama Snow.— About 4,000 persons at tended the show on the 8th inst. The weather was splendid. The trials of the horses took place in the ring near the Blow hole, and attracted great attention. The entries were as follows :— Buggy pairs, 6 ; single buggy horses, 20 ; gentlemen's hack neys, 21 ; hunters, 23 ; ponies, under 13A hands, 22 ; ponies, under 12 hands, 7; ladies' hacks, 20 ; ladies'^hacks, 5 years and under, 9 ; all-round horses, 13 ; trotting horses, 13. The judges in these departments were C. H. Roberts, F. Badgery, and S. Douglas. The prizes awarded were :— Buggy pair, E. H. Weston, 1 ; W. C. Dunster, 2. Best buggy horse: E. A. M'Culloch, 1 ; G. L. Puller, 2. Level-paced hacks : H. and T. Love, 1 ; J. Musgrave, 2. Hunters : E. H. Weston, 1 ; J. Lindsay, 2 ; E. H. Weston, 3. Ponies, 12 and 13& hands : D. Knight, 1 ; R. Osborne, 2. Lady's hack : E. IVPLelland, 1; H. and T. Love, 2 ; W. Walmsley, 3 ; Cole Brothers, 4 ; E. H. Weston, 5 ; J. Carbery, 6\. Lady's hack, 5 years and under: E. M'Lelland, 1 ; W. Walmsley, 2. All-round horse : E. H. Weston, 1 ; Jamas Maguire, 2. Trotting horBe : E. A. M'Culloch, 1 ; James Pike, 2. The takings at the gate during both days amounted to upwards of £112, which is the largest amount ever realised. The Fresh Food and Ice Company of Sydney offered a vspecial prize of £5 for the best milking cow, to be milked on the ground. This very liberal offer induced ten dairymen to enter the lists, but one result of the late tempestuous weather was to reduce tho actual competitors to two, viz., Colo Bros/ and H. Fredericks. The cows were milked at 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. each day, with the re sult that Frederick's oow gave 84tt- of milk hv-\ OoloV TA\b Ouo 'f Mio plfl8.Harj.lent .-??.'? T. I t events of the day was the competition I ! amongst the ludy riders for a gold locknt; 1 value £3, offered by A. Martin, Sydney ; a prize of £3 offered by J. W. May ; and a silver locket, value £2, offered by Wilnjot and Knight. The prizes fell to Miss Tate, Miss Weston, and Miss M'Oarbery in the order namnd. — Evening News. Local Representation.— It seems to ua that Young is tho most favoured consti tuency in the colony. In spite of the fact thai it. is an incorporated district, it is pro- j mistfd £2,400 for expenditure on the road j within the municipal area. While we by no j means grudge our neighbours this vote, it is a strong proof of the folly of incorporating under our municipal system. Only the mischief of it is that other constituencies cannot get anything like the consideration which is given to Young. Local Works.— Mr. Bruce Smith, the representative of the district, has written for and been furnished with information to enable him to defend those items which ap pear on the Estimates for Cootamundra. These are the items of proposed expenditure for water supply, for gaol, and for the bridge . '' ♦?? . over Hurley's Creek. As to the former, ho has been informed a Government officer had been sent up here, who reported in favour of a scheme to supply the town from Hurley's Springs ; that Cootamundra was dependent upon an underground means of supply, the reservoir water being quite unfit for do riiestic use. As to the gaol, it has boon urged .that Cootamundra is the half- way station between Albury and Sydney ; that the construction of the gaol had been recom mended by the police authorities ; and that the present accommodation was only that of ' a small inadequate lock-up built of slabs. / As to the bridge, it has been represented as urgently required on account of the serious risk in heavy teams crossing the old struc ture, which threatened to give way anytime; that it was the only means of crossing Hur ley's Creek, the crossing being shut in be tween the railway and a private fence ; and that the crossing was on the road Wagga to ) Young. Mr. Smith has also been requested ^ to endeavor to get the votes for the Jugiong and Ironbung roads, applied for previously. Spirit Merchants, &c;— Messrs. J. and E. Barnes, Cootamundra, are gazetted as licensed spirit merchants. Mr. William ' Deavon ' is gazetted as a licensed publican in Cootamundra — instead of Denoon, of tho Club Hotel. Serious Loss.— The Temora Star writes : — Some time since we drew attention to tho irniniment danger of bush-fires which the abundance of grass in the present season carried with it ; but while fully prepared to hear at some period of the past month of the usual destruction of fences and pasturage which accompany this class of conflagration, we hardly expected that the first instance on record of a serious fire this season would come from the harvest field. From the accounts to hand, it appears that while harvesting operations were going on at 'Mr. Cowan's farm, half way to Cootamundra, a large quantity of wheat had been lof fc stacked in bags in the field to economise time, which in the present dry state of the atmosphere is thrice valuable in harvest time. From some unknown cause the stubble, which had undergone the process of ' stripping,' and therefore offered food in abundance to the flames, caught fire last Sundav, and before any steps could be taken to save the wheat, the whole of it was com- ' , « pletely destroyed. The loss is very serious, r and cannot be estimated at less than £60 or £70. ^ Mitta Mitta Road.— In reply to our paragraph about a vote for this road having been withdrawn and being spent elsewhere, the Gundagai Times says :-^''JVe. have the authority of Mr. Murray, road superinten dent, for stating that the reference to the road between Kimo and Gundagai has not a word of tru^hjn it. It may be mentioned that the road is in a very bad condition, but /there is not a penny spent on it unless voted Lby the Houso.' Our reference to the road between Kimo and Gundagai, they say, has not a word of truth in it ; and yet they tell us in the next sentence that ' there is. not a penny spent on it unless voted by the House.' Well, then, the. money we spoko of was, we presume, ' voted by the House :' are we, then, to understand the Times as gammoning to contradict what is really true ? Our object in referring to the matter is to \ find out what has become of the vote for the ' Mitta Mitta road, which we are informed was actually made, but that the money has not £? been spent on that road. It is of no conse- ^ quence to us whether it was spent on the Kimo road or elsewhere; or whether Mr. Murray is responsible for having it withdrawn from the road for which the money was voted. Where's the money ?-— that is the question about which we are most concerned. Willour friends at Mitta Mitta or Yammatree iuform us ? We have some clue to it, and hope to bo able to find it, without going to the necessity of offering a reward for the information as to what has become of Mitta Mitta's £400 or £500. Chemists and Druggists.— The following is the register of chemists and druggists. in this district and other persons who are registered under the provisions of the 'Sale and use of Poisons Act, 1876, 40th Victoria No. 9 ' :— -Edmond.Verney Chillcott, Coota mundra, in business as a chemist and druggist ; Edmund C. Mooney , Cootamundra, in business as a chemist and druggist ; Edward Purchase, Temora, in businesses a chemist and druggist ; Paul Sabiel, Temora, member of Pharmaceutical Society of Now South Wales ; Henry Morton Marshall, Gundagai, carried on business of chemist, and druggist prior to ' Salo and Use of Poisons Act, 1876.' Tho register also gives John Creed Henly, Cootamundru, in business as a chemist and druggist, who has been out of irueinosH boro f;wo or fibre© yearn 