FERGUSON" w THE BEECH WORTH UNITED SHIRE COUNCIL. Verdict for Plaintiff— £25 Damages la the civil sittings of the Beech worth Court of Assize on Saturday, before His Honor Mr Justice Higinbotham, the action of Joseph Ferguson v the United Shire of Beeciiworth, in which plaintiff claimed £500, as damages for trespass upon his land at Paddy's Gully, Bowman's Forest — com menced on Thursday — was concluded. At half-past nine o'clack Mr Hodges, who, with Mr Brown, conducted defend ants' case, proceeded, to address the jury for the defence. Before summing up the evidence, ho asked to fee permitted to ' observe that he appeared for the shire of ' which the jury were ratepayers. But they were to forget that they were so, and to consider that the two parties were strangers to them — that their own pockets were completely unconcerned ; and they were to give justice as between man and man. He felt assured that they would do that. "What were the, facts and issues they had to try ? The first count in the declaration was a claim for trespass on plaintiffs land in June, 1881 ; and what the jury had to decide was whether plaintiff was, or was not, possessed of the land, he not being the owner in fee, but having given leave and license to the council to use 'the land. He proposed to show that there waslaih intention on the part of Mr Ferguson that the public should us9 the road as a public road, that he had acted on that intention, and the. public had acted on it too. If it had been the mere fact that the public had gone along there, it was not evidence from which the jury could find that the road had been dedicated to the public. But the evidence did not end there. With regard to the placing of the seal of the council on the document giving leave and license to them to take the land: Plaintiff knew all about it, being a member of the council ; and it was only affixed because he was grumb ling that it was not there. The council had acted in the matter on the advice of their counsel, who no doubt had reasons for giving such advice; but he (Mr Hodges) would not have advised that course, if Mb opinion had been sought But die missing that little business about the seal altogether : The documout was signed on the 21st August, 1878. Let them see what road was it possible Ferguson had in his mind when he signed the document. He applied for land touching two sides of Byrne's paddock, and the road referred to could mean none other than the road which the public used. The application for .a license was made en the 6th October, 1876, and was granted on the 1st November, 1878 \--two months after Ferguson had signed the document, after the withdrawal of the opposition of the council about the road. The jury should put these facts together. There was a clause in the document in which plaintiff agreed to forfeit £150 if he did not carry out his agreement ; and he said that before the old road was closed up a new one was to be opened. When they found that he was fencing one road and the public were using the other, what inference Were the jury bound to draw ? People were in the habit of passing over the road through the paddock, which was a defined dray-track. Plaintiff's counsel had stated that he was a shrewd man of business. v There was no doubt but that he was ; and while looking after the in terests of the ratepayers, he looked well after the interests of RateDaver No. 1. Was it likely that he wa3 going to allow the public to use the road, and destroy his valuable grass, if he had not an object in doing so. The document, which plaintiff signed, said nothing about the bridge at Paddy's Golly stated to have been promised by the Bhire engineer. Ferguson was not only to give the road, but also to fence it in. What was the result of all this? The only way the Couucil saw clear to. have peace was by taking the road, fencing it in, and paying £100 ior.it. They allowed plaintiff to get the road, bought another, and fenced it in. Therd could be no doubt as to who had tn 3 b st of the bargain. The jury could no.t shut their eyes to the fact that the first claim for cutting the fence down was in March of the present year, when the occurrence complained of took place in 1881\. When they saw a man allowing such 3 length of time to elapse, they were led to believe that he had doubts as to his right te the iand, and that the claim was merely a bit of bravado. If the road had been dedicated, then the council had a right to remove all obstructions. On that part of Ithe case Mr Hodgea asked careful consi deration from the jury and a verdict for the defendants. Then, with respect to the other aspect of the case : The jury had not only .to say what damages plaintiff had sustained, but whether they could give credence to his statements. As to the. alleged loss of cattle : There was a weak ness of testimony that the cattle were ioBt. How were they to get satisfactory evidence, or any evidence whatever, that the cattle were in the paddock, or were lost, after twenty months had elapsed before the claim was put in ? That was the position in which the council were placed. The only course open to thorn was to do ifrhat they had done. They bad called witnesses who stated that they Were in the habit of passing the paddock, . and they had seen no cattle there. It was possible that cattle might have been there without their seeing them, but it was ; acarcely likely. A man who had been working for Ferguson stated that there Wereno cattle there, and thatFerguson wa3 saving the grass. He (Mr Hodges), chal lenged Ferguson's testimony from first to last. The jury must not forget that plain tiff had been plainly and distinctly contra dicted by the witness Hamilton. On points where it was possible for him to be Contradicted he had .been plainly and emphatically contradicted by independent witnesses. Did not the conversation deposed to by Hamilton commend- Itself as being more consistent than that sworn to by Ferguson. Was the jury prepared, on the somewhat, negative testi mony of witnesses that they had not soon the cattle, and the affirmative testimony - adduced, to believe Ferguson'3 statement ? " He asked the jury to seriously consider whether they could believe Ferguson's estimate as to the loss sustained. They bad two questions to decide : Whether Ferguson dedicated the road to tho public, «nd that, therefore, the council had a sight to use it, and to break the fence down ; and what was the amount of damage cua tained. If thoy found that the road was not dedicated, then they must givo a ver dict for the defendants ; and if thoy found for the plaintiff, then Jihey would have fo aB303s the damages . Then, as to the mst- ter of the fire alleged to have been caused by Hamilton, in charring poets : A 11 the evidence they had that the fire was caused by him was that of plaintiff s son, that he bud traced the fire from where the post3 were charred. Hamilton said that he had no fire that day; but that he had se m four persons cross the paddock. If either of those four persons had been smoking, or thro.wn down a match, after lighting his pipe, that would account for the fire. Defendants were entitled to a verdict, unless the jury said that the fire was caused by Hamiltou or his man. The evidence that that wa3 such the case was very slight. It was most extraordinary that Ferguson did not bring forward inde pendent witnesses to show that there was a connection between the fire in the pad dock and that alleged to have been lighted by Hamilton. Mr Hodges thanked the jury for the attention they had given to the ease, and asked them, in conclusion, to do plain, straight justice between man and man. It was not a case for sympathy, for one or the other. Ferguson had not shown himself a man who desired, or who was entitled to, sym pathy. - But they should give him justice. They should forget that defendants were a council. But all he asked was justice, and that he felt entitled to have. If the jury were satisfied -that the road wa3 a public highway, then defendants were en titled to a verdict. But if they thought that a mistake had been made in the con-; atruction put upon the""' document, arid that the read was not a highway, plaintiff was entitled to a verdict. On the third count, he would say nothing, as no fire had been lighted by Hamilton on plain tiff's land. Mr Smyth then addressed the jury, on behalf of the plaintiff. He Sr3t desired to say a few words as to the manner in which the case had been conducted by counsel for defendants. Tlio latter said that they only asked for justice. He likewise only asked for justice. The jurymen were, he was sure, not influenced by the fact that they were ratepayers of the defendant shire. With his long knowledge and ex perience of Beech worth jurymen, if he had been told in Melbourne that the jury had been asked to give a verdict for the council because they were ratepayers, he would say that it wa3 a gross libel on the jury-panel. He would net expre33 a hope that they would consider the matter. He would not insult them by saying so. He wa3 sure that when they were told, as they had been, that they must bear in mind that they had to pay, if a verdict were given for plaintiff, out of their own pockets, they felt insulted. With regard to the statement that the case might have been tried in the County Court — that n» questions of law were involved — he would state that one point had been reserved by His Honor, for the decision of tlio Full Court, and several other nice points and complicated issues were involved. In the Supreme Court case3 were fully gone into on both sides ; and that was one of the advantages of their being tried in that court. He did not see what defendants had to complain of in this re spect. He would discharge his mind of any feeling in the matter. If the jury found for the defendauts, he would not go away with the belief that they, as six rate payers, had given their verdict as such. He would deal first with the complicated part of the case — the defence of counsel. . That branched out in two lines. One was leave and license, based upon the docu- ment about which there had been so much controversy. The other point was that Mr Ferguson showed that it was his intention to dedicate a road through his purchased land, to the public, and that he had no right to put up the fence again. The jury were asked to Btrip him of his property," on the evidence of witnesses that he had dedicated it to the public. Mr Smyth ridi culed the idea that, when the fences were burned, people went backwards and for wards through the paddocks, and therefore the road was dedicated to the public. There was no evidence of intention on the part of Mr Ferguson to dedicate a road through his purchased land to the public, outside the intention con tained in the documents put in. (Plain tiffs Crown grarit was here produced.) The other side "of the case was that plain tiff gave leave and license to make a road. It was said that people wauled a road ; and the council had knocked down plain tiffs fences, tn run it through his paddock. They could take a road on complying with the provisions of the Local Government Act. But they took the high-handed pro ceeding of knocking down plaintiffs fences, in 1881 ; and they shpwed that thoy had acted illegally by, in 1832, serving' notice under the Act upon plaintiff. It had been shown that there was no surveyed road -through the paddock, but only a track. Mr Ferguson never got the road . running north "and to ' the eaBt side, "because the council opposed him at the land board. He (Mr Smyth) asked the jury to say who was squander ing the ratepayers' money. The council ought never to have defended the action, but to have come to some arrangement and been satisfied aB to the amount of the actual damage sustained. Therefore he would ask, if money had been squandered, who squandered it ? He could not have proved his case, after hearing the objec tions of counsel for defendants, and would have been nonsuited, if he had not gone into the euemy's camp and called the witness Mummery, to prove that he was acting under instructions from the council in breaking down the fence. He was surprised at the council, or their counsel, resorting to such a line of defence as was set up. Mr Smyth then came to the contract entered into between plaintiff and Mr Dalziel, late shire engineer. He referred to the absence of the latter, through illness, and expressed surprise that application had hot been made to a judge for the appointment of a commission to take his evidence. J>lr smyta explained that Buch a commission simply meant that an officer of the court should wait, with two attorneys, representing _ each Bide of the ' case, upon a witness incapacitated from attending the court, and take hi3 evidence in writing. It was therefore not strictly true that defendants were deprived of Mr Dalziel's evidence. He would ask the jury. to give" Mr Fergu son justice on this point. . Was it unrea sonable that he should expect a bridge to be erected, to allow' him to remove his cattle, to enable them to get to water? What was the value of the document about which so much had been siid ? W a3 it leave and license to the council to cut a road ? He (Mr Smyth) thought it a mon strous. thing, and an unjust thing, that the council should have opposed Mr Fer guson's application at the land board, arid "have levied blackmail, by saying that I10 should give a road somewhere else. They had power to put the screw on, and say, " We'll go and oppose you but thoy had no right to do so. Their conduct in the matter was utterly indefensible. It had been agreed between Mr Dalziel and the plaintiff that a bridge should bo erected ; and on that condition the latter signed the document, which was in Mr Dalziel's office on tho day hesignedit, all ready cut anddry. They had Lowcock's evidence, corroborat ing the evidence of plain tiff as te the promise of the engineer that a bridge should be erected where required. Mr Smyth asked the jury to say whether they con sidered the document leave and license, as His Honor had ruled that it was, to a certain extent, evidence that it was so. Councillor Crawford'8 (the president of the shire at that time) evidence given at the arbitration case was read, as corroborative of the offer of the bridge. Mr Ferguson had not got the 200 acres he applied for, because iio had bceu successfully opposed by the council on grounds which he (Mr Smyth) denounced as most improper. The document stated (hat if Mr Ferguson got the old road — which he never had— he should give a road through his land, "pro vided he got the bridge he stipulated for. That was the whole substance of the docu ment. The council had never tendered him the doed spoken of in the so-called agreement, to sign. The agreement was to" the efiect that. if plaintiff got the road and bridge, he would-sign the-eonyoyaneeR Not having tendered the deed, the coun- cil'had broken the agreement. Tho Go vernment had- made an offer of £250 for the erection of . the bridge ; but tho council, inaspirit of obstinacy, had refused to accept it. Why they did not take -the money thus offered he did not know. The result was that Mr Ferguson did not get abridge at all. He (Mr Smyth) asked the jury, as fair, honest men, to say whether Mr Ferguson had been fairly treated, or that he was liable to the imputations that had been cast upon him ; and whether he had not been most unfairly and unjustly treated. On the 28th October the council passed a resolution that the president oppose the application of Mr Ferguson at the local land board, at which, on the 1st November, 1880, the engineer said the document signed by the former was not binding, as the seal of the council was not affixed to it. Was that fair? It was most unjust 011 the part of the council that they should have used the document in a double way, and succeed in opposing tho application for land. : After having done a high-handed thing, an illegal act, in cutting down the plaintiffs fences, and afterwards giving notice under the Local Govornment Act, two years sub sequently the council affixed the seal and attestation clause to the document (with out, let it be borne in mind, giving a date, making it appear that that was done at the time of signing by Mr Ferguson), - and used it . nipinst i-u at the arbitration, to ro-bi.: . -.lur ' 'images claimed. All Mr Foigiijjii g.i' 1 40.11 the arbitrators was £109 whereas he had agreed, if he did not give the road, after the council performing their part of the contract, to forfeit £150. The council had put the seal on only seven or eight days before the arbitration. They had, only six months previously, repudiated the document ; and then had the impudence to say that, in May, 1881, they had instructed Mummery to go iu and cut down plaintiffs fences. It was a monstrous thing. Was that evidence of leave and license ? Was it leave and license te the extent that they carried out the terms of the agreement? Having repudiated the document, was it to be believed that the council thought that they had leave and license to send Mummery, in the abseace of Mr Fergu son, to cut down the fence, when only a younger- son and a Chinaman were at home ? It was beyond any question that they . were, acting illegally ; and he (Mr Smyth) believed the jury would not come to the conclusion that they had leave and license. It waB a dangerous thing to tamper with a document as the couucil had done, for a purpose. . Iu the faco of that state of things, the jury could not be lieve that tliey (the council) had had leave and license. Did they show that they were, acting legally ? No ; they showed by their own actions that they were acting illegally.. He submitted that the docu ment was not leave or .license, and that the council 'did not believe it was. That defence was therefore gone. The other bcanch oft the defence was that the land had .been dedicated to the public ; and, having, so dedicated it, and allowed the public, to use it, the plaintiff could not fence it. in, and - anyone could cat the fence down . as faBt as it was put up. It -was abpurd . to think that a man's pro- perty could fee taken from him in such a manner.. One of the questions the jury should aBk themselves waB, "Why, why on earth should he do it ? Why Bhould he dedicate .to the use of the public, without the slightest consideration, a road cutting his. freehold land in twp ?" The fact that be had placed placards up on his land, cautioning trespassers, , was sufficient evi dence that he had not dedicated the road to the, .public. He said that he never granted the use of the road to the public. The. freehold was fenced in, and in 1880 a bush-fire burned the fences. New fencing , was erected, and completed in April, 1881 ; and during that time the public travelled aoross the paddock. So they would see that it. was , not Mr Fergusen who opened the land ; it was the bush-fire. There was therefore no evidence of leave and license, and aiso 110 evideuce'qf dedication. Then what didthecase ampunt to ? Plaintiff lost ten head . of cattle, " valued at £6 per head. Strange cattle had eaten bis grass; but he could not claim for tliat, as it was not men tioned in the declaration. He had been scarcely fairly treated, in his evidence on tho question of loss not having been chal- lenged, although the other side were afforded every opportunity of doing so, had they so wished. A more unsatisfactory lot of witnesses had never been produced for the defence in a curt of justice. The arbitration had nothing to do with the present action ; it was a different thing altogether. The council were liable, be cause they had let a contract to do work of a dangerous nature — chairing post3 in tho middle of dry grass. They had no right to let a contract of that kind, arid then try to escape the consequences of their liability. A question of law in this matter was reserved. What tho jury had to decide was whether the fire had been caused by Hamilton. Plaintiffs son stated that he had traced the fire to where Hamil ton had been charring posts. . Mr Smyth apologised to the jury for occupying so much time ; but he felt that he would not be doing his duty to his client if he had left the- case in an unfinished ancT bald state. He asked the jury to deal out oven- handed justice ; and submitted that de fendants had entirely failed to show that they had acted with leave and license, and that it was despicable on their part to at tempt to show that plaintiff had dedicated the road to the public. He would leave the matter in the jury's hands. In summing up, His Honor observed that statements were a good deal compli cated, and thought that it would con siderably assist the jury if he handed them certain questions to answer. In reference to their being ratepayers of the defendant shire, he could only say that both plaintiff and defendants had expressed confidence iu them, as not being influenced by the fact that they were ratepayers. He was confident that they would deal with the questions he was about to put to them as between man and man, and that the consideration referred to would not weigh for one instant in their minds in their endeavor to do justice. There were two complaints in the ease, referring to two separate occasions ; and he would ask them to keep them distinct. Com plaint was made by plaintiff that on the 8th February of the present year defend ants caused a fire to be lighted on his ground, which destroyed between twenty and thirty acres of grass. The council took steps to take a road through plain tiff's land. On referring the matter to arbitration, the latter was awarded £100, and then tho council lawfully entered upon liis land. (A marked plan, showing the various points referred to in evidence, was handed to the jury.) Hamilton was bound by his contract to cliar the fence- posts, and a complaint was made by plain tiff that, through want of care, the fire used for that purpose caught the grass in. the paddock, and burned a certain quan tity of it. The first question the jury had to decide was, Did the fire iu the paddock originate with the firo lighted to cliar posts? If not, plaintiffhadivi claim against Hamilton, nor against the council. Ti.a evidence given by plaintiff 011 ili'lt point was not clear. It consisted of his own evidence and that of his son. The jury were told that plaintiff and one of Iris suits were at a considerable distance from tho fire ; and when they caw it they concluded that' it was 011 their land, and plaintiff despatched his son immediately to see whether it was so. Plaiutiff was unwell, and did not go. The son said that ho" traced the fire in Byrne's paddock to the place where the posts were charred. Both father and son said that' the day was a very calm one, and that twenty or thirty acres of grass were consumed, to the south of where the posts were charred. It had been said that it would have been more satisfactory if independent evidence had been called ; a3 they had to depend entirely upon that of the father and son. But if they accepted Hamilton's evidence, it certainly was conclusive. He said that he was coming out of his hut when he saw the fire, which . when he got to the spot had not reached the fence. He had charred posts the day before, but not on that day, and had lit no fire which could have caused the bu3h-fire. He stated that he saw four men cross ing the paddock that day, and intended to suggest that they caused the fire, whether accidentally or otherwise. In speaking of the wind, he had used a pe culiar word, stating that it wa3 "baffling," by which he meant that it was blowing at iuterval3 in different directions. It was proper to observe that the contractor Hamilton was an interested person, and if he had caused the fire, he was liable ; and it was proper that the jury should boar in mind that he was an interested party in supporting the defence. They would first consider that question. \- The foreman said that the jury wished to know if His Henor wished the ques tions answered then. His Honor replied in the negative. He would hand iu six questions, and ask the jury to write the auswers against them. If they determined that the fire . was not caused by Hamilton, it was not necessary that they should answer the next question. But if they said that it was caused by him, they w ere asked to state the amount of damage sustained. In His Honor's opinion, the council were net liable, oven if the fire had been caused by the contractor ; and they were not bound to do the particular work which was al leged to be the cause of the fire, and the contractor was liablo. The evidence as to damage they would have no difficulty in dealing with. Tho grass, fencing and material destroyed were valued at £10 by the plaintiff. In May or June, 1881, de fendants broke down the fences on the eastern and western sides. of the paddock ; and in consequence of breaking down those fenceB, unlawfully, a number of cattle were lost. The third question was, Were the fences removed by the authority of the council? It was merely a formal question, and thoy conld have no doubt about the answer. . The evidence pointed clearly to the fact that in May, 1831, the council authorised Mummery to break down the fences, and caused them to 'be kept down. An action of that kind, un less it could be justified, waB undoubtedly wrong ; it was unlawful, and entitled the person injured to some damages, , apart from the actual damage sustained. The defendants set up two justifications. They said, in the first instance, that the fences were removed by the plain tiff's leave. If the owner of a property gave permission to break down his fences, he ceuld not complain. Then, the jury , were asked to say that the fences were removed, in May, 1881, by plaintiffs leave. If leave had ever -been given, it was continued. The defendants' said that plaiutiff allowed the fence to be broken down. The document dated 27th August, 1878, deserved attention. It purported to be an agreement between plaintiff and the shira council, and wn3 drawn up by Mr Dalziel, the surveyor for the council. It was not, in effect, an agreement, and never was an agreement binding upon the parties. It was signed by one of the parties only, and the seal of the council was never attached. It related to a matter of great interest to the two parties ; but if it had been made the subject ef an agreement, that agreement -ought to have been made in a manner that weuld bind both. The attention of the jury was properly called to the fact that at times the council treated the document as one that bound plaintiff, and at others they treated it as if they were legally entitled to do — as a piece ef waBte paper. The plaintiff had applied, in October, 1876, for 200 acres o! land. The Mining Department raised an objection to a portion of the area, as the ground was supposed to be auriferous ; and the land granted was only 123 acres. He made a fresh effort in 1880 to get a smaller portion, under- the 49th section, by license. It was that application that the counoil opposed. The possossiou of that piece of land was necessary, iii order to complete what plaintiff intended to do under the agreement. Until he got . the whole of the land on the east side he" would not carry out his proposal. (Hig Honor remarked that he would not call it an agreement, as the document was utterly worthless as such.) Mr Dalziel was too ill to appear in court ; but it ap peared that he was not toe ill to give evidence on commission. Plaintiff 3aid that he wa3 willing to givo the road on the conditions stipulated for. His Honor reviewed the evidence in regard to the applications of plaintiff before the local laud board, and read Councillor Craw ford'8 evidence given on the 1st June last year. Wa3 it fair? The document was utterly worthless as an agreement, it was true ; but having treated it as worth less, the council set it up last year as a valid agreement. Last year, when the council proceeded to take the land, they they did so legally. They had offered plaintiff £20 for the land. But that wa3 not all. Up to that time there was no seal on the document ; but the seal was then affixed, and an attestation attached. If the seal had been attached in cc tt se quence of repudiation of the document on" account of the seal not being there, advice to attach it might bo rightly and properly given. But had the consent of the plaintiff been obtained ? All the mis chief "had by that time been" done- rand- plaintiff stated that he got a smaller sum at tho arbitration, through the seal being attached. That was playing fast and loose with things of that kind ; and was not fair. That was a document upon which the defendants depended, as evi dence that the plaintiff consented to their pullingdownliisfenccs. Did thejurythink " that such consent had been given; of rather did they not think that if the contents of the document hail been carried out, all U!:|ileasan'ne33 would have been avoided ? Pli in tiffs evidence showed that he was de sirous of having thein carried out. Did the jury believe that if the bridge had been built, aud opposition not offered at the land board by the council, plaintiff would have given the land? There was no doubt about Mummer j' being employed to do what ho had don-, and been paid by the council. The second attempt at justifica tion was that defendants said, " True it is you never gave U3 leave ; but you dedi cated the road to the public, and in conse quence of such dedication it came "under our care, as caretakers of public high ways." The fifth question to be consi dered was — Was plaintiff at this .time possessed ef the land? The jary had heard the evidence, " and had to say whether the road had been" dedicated. There could be no doubt that the pub lic needed a road in the locality. A track spoken of by Lodge, as running through the paddock when Byrne owned it, could not be spoken of as a dedication, as the road was not the same. Did the jury think that the track being left open was intended to be a dedication ? A man did not dedicate his land to the public by the mere fact of not fencing. There was no such thing as dedication without a mental act, showing that he had "an intention to dedicate. Plaintiff com pleted the fence, and it wa3 only when he had completed it that it was knocked down. The jury would say whether the fact of 'plaintiff leaving his land open was a dedi cation of the road to the use of the public ? If they thought so, then they should find "for defendants. If they did not think so, then they would have to consider, lastly, the amount of damage sustained by plain tiff by the council breaking down his fences. ' Plaintiff said that he had lost, through defendants' action, 35 head of cattle, 10 of which had not Bince been re covered. £1 53 was claimed as expenses incurred in drawing logs to slop the gaps in the fences, and £5 for cost of searching after the lost cattle. He estimated the depreciation of the cattle recovered, through their having strayed out of his paddock,, at £70 ; and £60 was claimed for the lost cattle. The total claim for actual damage sustained amounted to £136 5s. Plaintiff swore positively that the cattle were in the pad dock when the fences, were torn down. It seemed straugo that he was not more successful, in employing men to watch and see that his cattle did not escape, and to prevent strange cattle from entering the paddock. On the other hand, witnesses stated that plaintiff's fences were insecure, and that they did not see the cattle in the paddock. If the jury gave attention to the questions placed before them, His Honor said it would enable him to fit in the issues on tho questions raised. There appeared to be a good deal of feeling, un fortunately, in the case. The jury retired, and, after an absence of three-quarters of an hour, brought in a verdict for plaintiff, damages £25 ; an- sweiiug His Honor's questions as follows : 1\. — Did the fire that destroyed plain tiff's grass originate with the fire lighted to char the posts? No. (The seeond question, as to the amount of damage oc casioned through the contractor's action, did not require an answer.) 3. — Were the fences removed by the authority of the council ? Yea. 4. — Was that done with the plaintiffs consent ? No. 5. — Was plaintiff possessed of the land ? Yes. 6. — The amount of damages sustained by the breaking of the fences ? £25. Goats were to be certified on the higher scale. The court then, at a quarter past two o'clock p.m., adjourned, sine die. A Working Bee — A working bee was organised at Wandiligong on Saturday, for the purpose of assisting to construct the lake, designed as portion of the improve ments now being carried on in connection with the local recreation reserve. Upwards of thirty stalwart representatives of Wan- diligoug's manhood responded to the call, several of the number bringing horses and carts with them; and work was most ener. getically engaged ia for several hours, the result being the removal of amass of earth work and erection of a dam at an estimated saving to the trustees ef about twenty pounds sterling, Differential Railway Rates. — A crowded public meeting was held in the council chambers, Albury, on Friday even ing, to protest against the injury caused by differential railway rates. The chair was filled by the major (Mr G. C. Thorold). Resolutions were unanimously carried, pro testing against the present system of imposing a higher rate for carriage of goods from Albury, than for their convey ance From Svdnev to the town. The local members of Parliament were to be requested, to secure an alteration of the systenij and a local committee was appointed, 