NEWS AND NOTES. Mr Thomson, P.M., states that it has been intimated to him that any of the jurors who wish to inspect the New Australasian mine to-day or on Thursday may do so. It is stated that a movement.!? on foot with tho view of endeavouring'to get'the Chief Commissioner to remove the Ballarat South police station from Windermere street to Skipton street. . Many residents of Ballarat; South consider that it is abnird to have a police station in such a quiet thoroughfare ns Windermere street, while the acts of larrikin* ism and petty larcenies which are rampant in Skipton street call for immediate check by permanent police protection, Mr D. Ham, J.P., when visiting. Florence l and Yenice during bis recent European tour, purchased a number of marble statues. Bad luck appears to have followed the purchases. In the Suez Canal the vessel having on board the Venetian consignment came into collision with another ship and sank, and the statues were among the lost cargo. ThoFlorentinetpack agea were despatched, by.another steamer, and arrived safely in Melbourne.. After the cases containing the statues had been unshipped and examined in the metropolis, they were forwarded to the Ballarat East railway station. Upon Mr Ham calling at the Eastern.station he discovered that bis con* eigmnenfc of marble figures had been tampered with. The boards on the top of one case were loose, and four of the statues, valued at £2O, were found missing. The Customs authorities were, communicated with, but a reply was given to the effect that thq articles in question must have been taken from, the package at the railway station, Ballarat East. A child named William Wuoser was admitted into the Hospital yesterday, suffering from a broken log, which had been sustained whilst the little fellow was playing about. The in jury was received at Buninyong on Wednesday last, nod the sufferer has siuce been under the care of Dr Scott, who advised the removal of the little patient to the Hospital where be CDuld be afforded better nourishment, &c.;, than he was receiving. ‘ The juvenile sufferer is an orphan, and is boarded out to a Mrs Pickering, a widow. ' Mr Tolliday, secretary to the Coachbuildera’ &c.; Union, has received a letter from Stawell oq behalf of the employees in tbe-trades in question in that town, stating that they are now on strike, and warning Ballarat workmen against going up to Stawell for employment.* Cr Feery,’of Ballaratshire, whilst engaged in harvesting operations recently pricked oue:of bis hands with a hayfork. Blood-poisoning was the result, and the patient became dan gerously ill. His many friends will be glad to lean that be is now in a convalescent state. ; The duties io connection with the Central Scate school are once more In full swing. The attendance of scholars on Monday and yester day was very large, and both the teachers and pupils appeared to be thoroughly invigorated by the holidays afforded through the arrival of Christmas and New Tear. A pleasing, feature in connection with the Central school is the genteel and ladylike appearance of the female teachers,- not a few of whom can fairly lay claim to be ranked: among those whom a visitor to the city yesterday termed' the “ beauties of Ballarat.” It is stated that Mr Spring, one of the teachers at the school under notice, is at present acting temporarily at tho Wendouree school. ' A Catholic picnic will be held to-morrow at Napoleon's in aid of the Ballarat Orphan Asylum; The promoters of the affair expect a large attendance of . the public.if . the . weather should prove favourable. Numerous amuse* meats will be provided, to include a merry-go round, swings, cricket, footracing, dancing on the green, quoits, &c.; The band of the Orphan Asylum will be present to enliven the gather-* ing with instrumental music. All nationalities are cordially invited. A collection will be made on the ground. The accounts of the Buninyong Public Library For 1882 have been audited by Messrs Goode and Williams, and found correct. The receipts, including - the Government grant, amounted to £67 4s 9d, and the expenditure was ditto, less credit balance of £29 Is 9d. On the 30th March, in the Alfred Hall, the first annual competition in connection with the United Mutual Improvement Associations will take place. , The Union consists of 18. associ ations, each of which will, it is. expected, be represented at the competition. The sum of £3O is offered In prizes. Mr G. C. Robinson, the well-known mining manager, has given two guineas .as a first prize for an essay on “local option.” A number of prizes are offered by the M.LA, including one for the senatorial display, “Sheridan's Invective against Warren Hastings.” An advertisement giving full par* ticulara will appear in a few days. - A boy named Peter Shannondorf, aged 10, baa been arrested at Sandhurst) charged with stabbing another boy named William Long with a butcher’s knife. Joseph Watts, a miner residing at Elaine, has reported to the police that yesterday he sent' bis daughter to pay a tax at Elaine. She took the train to Ballarat, and is now reported as a missing friend. Her description is as follows:—Alice Watts, 15 years of age, medium height, slight build, light hair, grey eyes, dressed in dark green dress, black faded jacket, heavy boots, and brown straw “ porked” bat. She has the appearance of a country girl. She bad only 4s when she left her father’s house, out of which she paid for a railway ticket to Ballarat. A large bushfire, which started on Monday morning, is now raging on the range between Smythesdale and' Hoes’ Creek. Mr Etdd’a flaming for conveying water is in danger of being burnt. A meeting of the committee of the Linton Horticultural Society was held at the Shire Hall on Monday. It was decided that the usual autumu show of fruits and flowers be held on Friday, the 6tb April. The prize schedule and regulations for exhibitors as framed by a sub- committee were adopted. In addition to the prizes given by the society several gentlemen have promised special prizes which will materially add to the success of the show. From the interest taken by those present it is quite evident that the forthcoming show will excel anything of the kind previously held at Linton. Mr Wm. Bryant was ap pointed manager, and Mr R. Cochrane agreed to assist the secretary on the day of the show. A special meeting of the Orphan Asylum Committee was held last night, at the Benevo lent Asylum boardroom, for the purpose of electing a house committee. The election was taken by ballot, and resulted in Messrs 1 Scott, Lakeland, Fitzpatrick, Richards, Josephs, and the viqe*preaident being elected. It was decided that the monthly meetings of the general committee ba held as- heretofore. Authority was given to the house committee to call fur tenders for printing 760 copies of the annual report. It was reported that notice had been sent to the treasurer that £BOO, Government grant in aid, was lying at the Treasury, Mr Ferguson stated that, up till the present, the profits of the annual soiree were £47* The meeting then closed. We are glad to learn that Mr Claxton, sen., was a little better in health yesterday. Mr Claxton, who Is 77 years of age, is suffering from debility. The average weekly attendance at the City Free Library during last year was 3700 persons. If each visitor donated only one shilling to the institution the committee would be enabled to increase the present stock of books. Rumours are current to the effect that a well-known young tobacconist, carrying on business in Sturt street, is about to enter the bonds of matrimony. The lady is the daughter :of the proprietor'of a hotel situated in the' western outskirts of the city. An examination in singing took place at the Central State school yesterday. The judges were Messrs Summers and Gamble. There were five candidates, only two of whom were successful, viz., Miss Bunco and Miss Young. Mr Albert Yott, cooper, Humffrsy street north, Ballarat East, has reported to the police that duringhis temporary absence for about an hour on Monday evening the back door of his residence;was forced open, and & silver lever hunting watch and chain, pair of colo nial gold earrings, and one silver and one gold earring, the whole being of the value of about £O, were stolen therefrom. . ' At the Beaufort police court on Monday the inspector of exciao proceeded; against H. Incbbold, proprietor of the George hotel, on a charge of placing inferior whisky in Mitchell and Co’a bottles, and also of selling the same. Inspector Kilfedder deposed to the purchase of the spirits,- ahd’Manaßeld \Brace, an; expert from deposed'that,;tKe'; llqpoty ■ wtiioli was hew colonial hpirlVwaa X7 : o under. proof. He considered it unwholesome »nd injurious. Defendant said , he bought the liquor aa Mitchell’s bulk whisky fro m.^ Messrs Wotherspoon Bros, and Cos., of Beaufort, and put in the bottles, notbeing aware that_ h 6 was doing wrong. The bench .considered both cases proved, add fined the, defendant in. an aggregate sum of £ll Is, with £l2 12s coats. The Tariff Commission holds a sitting in Horsham to-day. Several of the members of the;commission'and'tbe officfala'passed through. Ballarat by train last night.- In the same train were also several members of Parliament, , .who; were proceeding', to- Horsham, Dimboola, &c.; —A complimentary dianer~will be' tendered to Commodore Morey: this evening , by the members of'the Ballarat. Yacht Club. .The affair takes place at Gill's I*»keYiew hotel. Generally speaking it is the Chinese who appear as plaintiffs In-assault, cases, but the order is'about to be reversed 'in one instance at least.'! An European yesterday took out a summons against a Celestial named Ah Tack for; dnlawful assault. The prosecutor alleges, that he paid a Visit to .the Chinaman’s garden, in company with a woman for. the purpose ofpurchasing some vegetables, Tho almond* eyed Celestial, it is stated, was smitten by. tho charms of his.fair visitor, and com-- mencsd to -make love : to her after a fashion said to be common amongst Eastern nations. .The woman did not appreciate the affections of the Celestial, and called for assistance to her male companion, who commenced, to expostulate. . John did not fancy the “expos tulations,” and struck out from the shoulder. The European retaliated by ..taking out the summons. The case- may shortly bo heard, when, doubtless, some “interesting” particu. lars* will come out. A committee meeting of the Half Holiday. Union was held at tho Societies’ Hal), Gren* ville street, last night,'when it was decided that the contest for the Orrock Challenge Cup and Sherwln Trophy be postponed till the Brat Friday In March. It was also- decided that the drawing of the Art ‘ Union in connection with the union bo positively held on the 16th of next month. Proceeds in aid of the Hos pital. .. ' Three deputations' from tho Ballarat district waited upon Ministers in Melbourne yester day. A report appears elsewhere. . The Hospital secretary asks us to insert the following:—Mrs Hugh Chmeron, of Bhoin yong, begs to return her 'sincere thanks to Dr Owen for bis tkill in treating her eon In the Hospital'(seven tumours having been removed from his neck), and herewith sends £1 as a donation to the Hospital. During the past few weeks rats have been seen in several business establishments in Ballarat East.. Yesterday, in the grocery store of Mr . Smith, in Bridge street, four of the rodents In question were observed "running across the floor at one time. . Until lately it was uncommon to hear of rats infesting.either shops or dwelling-houses in this district. , At the Town Police Court yesterday Mr D; Turpie, J.P., fined a drunkard 5s for his offence. This was the only business trans acted. j ." • ... : The Ballarat East public will doubtless be glad to learn that the Princess street ap proaches to the railway station are now avail able for traffic., There was . a blank charge sheet at the Smythesdale Police Court on Tuesday. ' > We have received a very prettily illustrated office almanac from the Bible and Book Depfit,' Our Smy tbesdale correspondent writes:—*' A dastardly! attempt was made about 5 o’clock on Tuesday morning to burn down the stable belonging to Mr J. S. Lyon, auctioneer, of Scaradale, which fortunately was discovered, and the fire was got out before much damage was done. It appears that Mr Donald M'Lean, of Derwent Jack’s, was passing through Scars dale on bis way to Ballarat at that hour and noticed smoke .and flames Issuing from Mr Lyon’s back premises, and at once gave the alarm. But for this timely warning, not only the stable, but ;in all probability Mr . Lyon's . residence would have been destroyed, and* pos sibly lives lost. It will be remembered that on Hew Year’s night the same gentleman’s gate was painted freely over with tar, for the dis covery of the perpetrator of which a reward of £lO was offered by Mr Lyon, and it is conjec r hired that the attempt to burn down his premises- was . done from; feelings •of re venge.” ’ • * At the Academy of Music this evening 11 The Trump Card” will be produced. This la another play from the pen of Mr Darrell, and is said to be fully as meritorious as “Trans ported for Life” or. **B-ick from the Grave.” There will doubtless be a large audience to« night. James M'Coy, a labourer, residing off* Mercer street has (says the Geelong Times) reported to the police, that the skeleton of an Infant was . found embedded a few days ago under a culvert on the Ceres Road, about , half a mile from the Highton Cemetery.. M'Cby states, that lie and. some other men were engaged patting up some fencing in the locality when they came across the skeleton, which was thought to be that of a dead dog, but on closer examination was found to be that of an infant* The skeleton, which is said to be in a state of good preservation, has been deposited in a place of safety, until it is banded over to the police. A telegram from Beechworth in yesterday’s Age says;—“The enquiry into.the charges made' against Mr Harris, school teacher,. was continued and concluded te-day. The evidence of Mr Downs, the truant officer, and of several .teachers, was taken. Mr Bolam considers the evidence sufficient to justify further steps being taken in the case.” The Layleaford Advocate says:—“A matter of Interest to municipal contractors came before the Borough Council on Monday. Ten ders had been called for some work in Victoria street,., and there were four responses. Only one of the contractors complied with the council's rule as to the enclosure of deposits; that one enclosed a marked cheque. Of the others, two enclosed unmarked cheques, and one enclosed cash, but not equal to 10 per cent, on the amount of the tender. A long discussion followed, but eventually the council decided to adhere to its system and accept the only tender that was not informal. It was £9 above the lowest. Contractors should note the circumstance, as compliance with tho con tracting rules o! municipalities will save both expense and inconvenience.” Yesterday’s Telegraph says :— ** It has been decided that if by to-day Mr Johnson, the Government analytical chemist,* Is unable to undertake the analysis of Messrs Clifford, Love, and Co.’s teas, Mr R. \7. B. M’lvor will be asked togo on with the work, and his appointment as temporary Government analyst will be ratified at the first sitting of the Governor in Council.” Sir William Jenner, the president of the College of Physicians, in the coarse of a speech delivered at a dinner given to the medical de partment of the army on their return from Egypt, thus emphasised the risk run in mis managed hospitals **l remember stating after the Crimean war,” said Sir William, as reported in the Lancet of 25th November, ** that if being ill with fever I had my choice of being placed in a tent, with a jug of water beside me and a little food such as I could take, I would rather;be in the tent, with the free air blowing around me, than in some of the hospitals I had read of, even if I bad a whole college of physicians to attend me.” The use: of windmills as economisers of labour is attracting attention across the Atlantic, and at a recent lecture on the subject the following details were given, which are not without interest at the present time in this country. Thus it was calculated that a wind mill, 84 feet in diameter, would raise 370 gallons of water 25 feet high during eight hours, developing .04 of one horse power, and costing l|d per horse power per hour, being lees than half the cost for similar work of a 25 foot water wheel. The windmill, properly managed, it is argued, is the most economical prime mover in general use. Yesterday’s Geelong Times hag the following singular item :— u An bid woman named A»n Parker was brought up at the Police Courkon Monday, olmiged with drunkenness. The police informed the bench that the woman was receiving aid from the Ladies* Benevolent As sociation, and was before the bench in March last for'drunkenness. The Police Magistrate remarked that it was a strange circumstance that old women who invariably received aid from the benevolent ladies of the town were inveterate tipplers. The mayor supplemented the remark by saying that an application had been made to the Government - for money which appeared to him was thrown away in beer. The bench discharged the woman, huh stated that if brought up again she would be sent to gaol for three months.” A bill laid by Senatar-.Buraside before the United States Congress'provides that in the public schools of the District of Columbia the school officers shall introduce aa .part of the daily exercise ol each school in their Jurisdio* tion instruction' in the elements of ■ social ■ and amoral science* including;industry, order, economy, fpopotuality, Jpatienco, •ilf-donial. health,. parity, temperance, ; oleaaUneia, honeity, troth, • polUenMß.'. peace, fidelity, philanthropy," patriotism, ~seu--reapect, hdpe: peraeverao'ce, coeerfnlDeae, coprage, eelt refiance, gfatltu3e t pity, mercy, kindneae, pon eoieacß, redaction, and the will.' The teachers nro to give a lesson every- day upon one or other’of those topics. > . Yesterday’s Stndiga Advertiser says:— “ To day the jburneymen coachbuildera employed Rt the Pickle* Manufacturing-Company a work ehop have decided to go: out on strike. - It appears that when the coachbuildera formed the league.it was'decided to ask-for the intro duction of the eight hours*' aystem in all the' .workshops in the city, and H was also decided., that the same codceasioo should be asked for the boys or. apprentice*, and that if ’ the latter was not conceded the men should go out on strike.. Since then all the shops excepting that of Pickles* agreed to the demands of workmen, and yeeterdky morning the eight hours* system with this single exception was entered , upon. ‘The representative .of the Pickles* Company, however, requires that the boys should come to work half an hour before the men. The Melbourne league had in the meantime been communicated wltb, ; and last night a meeting of the journeymen was,held; when It was unanimously decided that those employed,in.P/ckles* shop should ‘go out * this morning unless the boys were placed on-the same footing as the men. The journeymen do not expect that the company will accede to their request this morning, and a strike will then take place.** Yesterday’s Ararat Advertise)* has. the fol lowing painful Item of agricultural news:— “ There are some poor yields of wheat reported from the-Wimmeria district, and another bad one was related toua yesterday. A gentleman just returned from,that neighbourhood states that a Mr Reed, a farmer near the Sheep Hills, baa completed stripping 100 acres, and ho carted the produce home in a waggon.** The Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat paper cays;—“June and December mating is never a very edifying spectacle, and those who attended ft marriage ceremony in a fashionable suburban church the other day had this forcibly impressed on their minds. The bridegroom was at least 70, and the bride as swtet blushing a 17 as one would wish to see. Alas 1- the old, old story—gold and the the parents’ wishes In the one balanc»», youth in the other, and the latter scale went; down .with a ‘ bump.* They tell me the scene in the bride’s house the night before the ceremony was a painful one, and that a young follow, well known in banking circles in the city, ‘ watched the little light burning in the lattice * all night, and turned up at his desk with pallid face and heavy, eyes the next morning. After all Melbourne is but a second; edition o! Vanity Fair. : Meanwhile the fashion journals announce, that 1 thb happy pair have left for the bride groom’s station.* ** Till Ist B.V.R, parade ibis evening at 7.30 o’clock. After the’parado a special meeting will be held. The anniversary picnic of the Ba’larat City Fire Brigade will take place to-day at the Botanical Gardens. Captain; Hannah's steamer has b;«n en*; gaged for the occasion. A meeting o! boards of advico and of teachers will be held this evening. at the City Hall with regard to ; State rcho3l contributions to the Creawlck KoU«f Fund. We are requested to remind intending excursionists by St. rani’s train to Q.ieenso!ifT on Friday that rail- ; way tickets will be sold this evening and to-morrow evecieg,’ at the scboolho. se, adjoining the' church, between 7 and 9 o’clock. Th«y can also be procured at any time ftt Mr Towl’s. Mr Dawson’s, or Mbs Twr-■ cross’ Sturt street; at M-ss Robinson’s or Mr W. Owen's Bridge street; or at St. Paul’s Parsonage. The attention of the public la called to the salo of buildings and machinery for removal in Creswick road, by David Cooke, auctioneer, this day. - . Mr L. Joseph, of Bridge street, has Brisbane oysters for sale at Is per dozin. - 