ffiftUtttvit ftfttttUiaeiHt. {Front our own Correspondents.) ? v ? ? - Ink an Hills and Vaucky, Jam. 29. Tbe weather during the past few days has changed from excessive heat to cold, causing much illness and colds. For two days bush-fires have been raging over the hills, being extensive on tbe Waitpinga Ranges, The area of wheat sown in tbis district was snail, bat the returns are very good, varying from 16 to 26 bushels. The disastrous effects of farming in the North are felt heavily by thoBe who have family connections here, having to meet their liabilities to keep then out of the Insolvent Court. ? *«few ? Wellington, Jant/aby 30. The Wellington cricketers, although again beaten by the Langborne's Greeks and their Bletehley allies, are neither cowed nor disheartened, but have gone in for steady practice without tbe ' nondescript,' and are confident that they will be able to wipe away the disgrace of their late defeats. Mr. J. Gascard crossed upwards of 100 well-bred horses, purchased front Mr. J. H. Angus. Mr. Gascard intends to send the most of them to India from Melbourne. Although the route via the Murray Bridge was the nearest, and the crossing there free, Mr. Gascard preferred the Wellington Ferry. If the overland railway is to be taken by the Murray Bridge, the Swanport Ferry will have to be fitted up at a cost of some £2,000 for crossing stock: but in the falling rerenue, and also as Australian bonds are clearly not in such good repute as they were in the London market, the Gov ernment may think it advisable to adopt the cheaper and shorter route by Welling ton — shorter, because the distance between here and Stratbalbyn is under 30 miles. There are other sites near the head of tbe Lake than that at Mason, which is tbe only place that has been surveyed. At one place the swamp is only 32 chains wide, and a line straight from Adelaide to Border Town cuts Lake Alexandria. A line by Mason's Hill, then south of Binney's Lookout, and on to Monkoora, might be the shortest way to Border Town from the Murray, as well as being much easier of construction. The railway to Nairne having served the interests of land specu lators in tbe hills, many people think that enough of public money has beea spent for their profit and gratification. Mr. B. Boothy's estimate! of cost of railways are worthy of careful consideration ; and as that gentleman has stated that he believes a suitable line, including a bridge at or near Mason's, could be constructed for a sum not exceeding £600,000 from Stratbalbyn to Border Town, it is surely worth while to get bis opinion tested. If over £300,000 wonld be saved by adopting his views, the Murray Bridge should be allowed to stand as a useless ' wonder and curiosity.' There is not much grass in this district, but a bush fire could be got up if there were any such cowardly wretches here as, un fortunately, there are in some ether places, but fir:-rnising has never, as a means'of revenge, been resorted to in this quarter. Dawbsley, Jaw. 30. The anniversary services in connection with the Primitive Methodist Sabbath school took place on Sunday, the 28th. Rev. R. i. Daddon preached afternoon and evening, the discourses being able and effectual and the congregations good. On the following Monday a public tea was provided, which was well patronised, and although the day was extremely hot all seemed to enjoy themselves. In the even ing tbe usual public meeting took place, presided over by Capt. W. Tonkin. Able addresses were delivered by G. Owen, R. J. Daidon, and J. Lodytnsn, who spoke encouragingly of the rise and progress of the Bible and Prayer Uuion in various parts of the world and South Australia, showing that many persons who have joined the union have reseived great aniririial VianoRr hv ^nvaftii anil «/maa/tnti«a v^miuhui wt*w«*V J ***** VtHli OU«* VUUSVbUMI » Bible reading. The subject of Bible read ing in our state schools was prominently brought forward. It was hoped that Bible reading would be allowed during school hours. The London School Board had accomplished this desirable object satis factorily ; and why could not this colony do the same? The crops about here are fair, bat the area is small. The tanks are low, end the springs »leo. Rain is much needed. An information was laid against two parents for refusing to pay for their children's education at the state school here. One defaulter was ordered to pay full amount, £8 10s. Sd., and cost*, £10 16s. 2d. ; tbe other, fees, £1 6s. 6d., and costs, altogether, £3 12*. €d. Many thought school fees could not be recovered by law. They know now ; quite time they did, too. 