From the Metropolis. From,our own Correspondent. \- April 23. I I hare beard of a .snake which, on being killed and.opened, was found to contain quite an ariny of "insignificant -but equally venomous offspring-and to-day an official in tie postal department informed me that one of those large envelopes which under Mt.Todd'snew regulations have to be left unsealed' on being examined was made to disgorge ten lesser but far more important missives. Attention has been so, often- called,-to this gormandizing quality,, that one . would imagine some effort would be made to check the con stant ^recurrence of similar complaints, but apparently the pursuance .of a whim is allowed by the Postmaster-General to outweigh >jq11 considerations for the con venience or protection of .the public. Serious loss might be occasioned by the propensity which these capacious and ever open envelopes have for swallowing their smaller brethren, and in the in terests of the -public and of the officers of Mb department who will have to bear the blfine 'o£ delay or detention, I think pressure "should bfe brought tb bear on Mr. Toddin order to bring .abopt either the i^c£ssib& <Vr~'the!m;odification of the recMitly-eiiactedl i»jr-law, J _ -? . Adelaide is rapidly growing in popula tion, in (business and ifl importance, and: nothing gives greater proof of this triune advancement than' the' number and quality of; ihe;new buildings which are being -erected .in: all., the . principal thoroughfares of the city. The tramway system ofAdelaide ris by far the most complete of that of any city in Australia, andi6'far,in: advance of the miserable primitive omnibus locomotion which is at once the feature and the disgrace of street travelling in Melbourne. The .streets-of .Adelaide are-/laid - out with rectangular exactness, and. every facility is given to the architect to show off the ^fforte-of 'bis .-genius to good'ad vantage ; and itisrefreshiug to know "that those who have the spending, of the money are willing to lay out an extra stun'in adorn ment, so that the new buildings which are filling the blanks or replacing the more' dilapidated shanties in the main streets are a credit alike to the pro prietor, and the designer. The splendid block off]shops erected in Bundle-street East by the South [Australian Company ,and .the .equally..attractive and . commo dious warehouses of Marshall and Co., and Messrs. ? Donaldson, Andrews, and Sharland higher up in the same street .are proofs of-this statement, and-judging fro&i; the plaits the 'handsome and siib 'Stantial block of buildings which are - to be erected for the Toung Men's Christian Association at'the corner of Oawler- place and Grenville-street will still further add to the beauty of the city. By far the most unique edifice that has been erected in Adelaide of late .years is the painfully Gothic chamber of the E.S.&A.C.; Bank. It was designed by the architect who is responsible for St. Patrick's Cathedral in Melbourne, and it does no credit to his reputation, being utterly out of place and incongruous in appearance both internally and externally. , A picture which has been creating a great deal of interest in Adelaide has re cently been permanently lent to the Adelaide National Gallery, by Mr. George Hamilton, ex-Commissioner of Police, who purchased it for £2,000 in order to ensure its retention in the colony. The i subject of the picture is the fearful day of heat and bush-fires known in Australian annals as Black Thursday, and the artist has depicted the horrors of that fearful time with graphic fidelity. " Heat like the mouth of a hell" is everywhere ap parent, and judging from the lurid fidelity of the picture it is to be doubted whether even the sufferers from the more modern Black Thursday have more cause to be moan their fate than had some of the victims of that terrible tima of calamity which created so much desolation in the cradle days of the colonies. | Tou will be sorry to hear of the de- - cease of Mr. James- Elliott, J.P., of Kapunda, which occurred on Sunday last. The country press generally has loBt an 'ardent and intelligent supporter, and the Kapunda Herald especially is bereft of its principal guide. In all relations of public, social, and private life Mr. .Elliott was admired and respected, and his sad den death at the comparatively early age of 45 will be greatly regretted both by his fellow- townsmen and a large circle of friends in other parts of the colony. j I -notice that Parliament has been \ further prorogued until Thursday, May : 31, so thatthe Ministry have six weeks, more to complete their arrangements for I m eeting. Parliament, and it is hoped that they will come down to the fray armed ' in complete steel and full of vigor, for the assaults 'of the enemy will be both bitter and determined. Whatever the result of the eleventh Parliament may be, and ,1 in. view of the passing of the new j Electoral Act it is hard to say how it will . turn out, it is now evidently certain that ; the Ministry will be able to retain their I seats throughout the coming session, al- i though they may suffer one or two more ? or less serious defeats in the Upper j Bouse, where Mr. Morgan has still great i influence. The advocates of the Stratbal- j byn and Wellington route for the Inter colonial Railway will be among the most persistent and releutless opponents of the Government, and it is just possible that they may gain the upper hand among the greybeards, but as the Government have already practically ignored a resolution of the Council concerning the site of the new Parliament houses it is not likely that the passage of an adverse motion in the Upper House will be allowed to inter fere with the due progress of the already authorised line from going through Calliugton over tUe Murray Bridge, across the ninety mile desert and along the present line from Custon to Border Town and so on to the terminus of the "Victorian system. The South Australian Government has joined with Victoria in a telegraphic sup port of the action of Queensland in annexing New Guinea, and apparently the concensus of public opinion in Aus tralia on the wisdom of the policy pursued by our north-eastern neighbors in setting up the British Flag among the Papuans has had a good effect in England. It is the privilege of Britain to increase and multiply and replenish the earth, and to found and maintain colonies in every habitable part of the globe, and despite the expostulations of Italy and the Italians she has a perfect right to plant her foot in New Guinea and populate its fertile lands with hardy and courageous pioneers. Spain was unsuccessful in the colonies which she established in the long ago days, and France has been anything but successful in her efforts to spread her < self abroad under alien skies, but every where tie result of Britain's colonial enterprise has been beneficial to the com pletest decree. From the now United States to Fiji the line has been one of unbroken success, and although mal administration and tyranny caused the alienation of the former country England can still look on her as a father looks upon a. son, who,, profiting by early home-{ training, has left the paternal roof and istarted in successful business for himself. | Of course you know those lines in " Maud" which complain that -Chalk and alum and plaster are sold to the poor for bread, And the spirit of murder "works in the very means of ? life, and judging from the paragraphs that ap jpear in this morning's Register there is nothing far-fetched or abnormal in the . charge which they bring against some at least of the purveyors of human pro visions. In New Zealand poisoned pastry has nearly resulted in the premature angelification of an uncautious young lady, while from Ararat (Victoria) we hear of a lady who was hurried to the very verge of the Promised Land by a draught of ginger beer. It is hardly safe to eat or drink anything these times, for what with hydatids and other foeB to health and comfort one is in "jeopardy every hour." It reminds me of the Yankee story of three flies who were boon companions. One of them sipped some wine, which was drugged, and it killed him; the second appropriated some tempting sweetmeats. They were adulterated, and he went to the happy land of Canaan. The third, sad at the untimely apotheosis of his com panions, deliberately settled on a large expanse of flypaper with the express in tent of committing suicide, but it too was adulterated, and he flourished and grew fat and lived happy ever after. Taking a.11 this into consideration we may well believe that in conformity with the genius of the times The doctor is robbing the sickof a few last gasps as he Bits. To pestle a poisoned poison, behind his crimson lights. I notice by the telegrams published in this morning's Register that tHe new Governor of French Oceanica is M. Moran. Yon of course are Acquainted with the touching ditty whicfc asserts- - MynameisMoran-Moran Fm a true-born Irishman, a man. bat probably you never before happened on a full blooded Gaul witlr-euch a dis tinctively Hibernian appellation. There will be a grim solemnity in the ancient witticism concerning " a high-born j Spaniard, O'Grady by name"-if this | duplication (or foreignisation or whatever "ation" is proper as the designation of the process) of patronymics (excuse the feeble joke) is continued. 