COUNTRY LETTERS. ROEBOURNE, March 26. The Rob Roy left this for Fremantle on the 26th ulto. The May, with the police party from the Kimberley, returned on the 1st inst. Two native prisoners were passengers, viz., the murderer of Cornish, and another who had been convicted and sentenced by Capt Walcott, for sheep-stealing. The murderer, an old man, had been committed for trial at the Supreme Court, by Capt. Walcott. His woman will also be sent to Perth. The police had some difficulty in crossing the river, there having been much rain. The sheep-stealer show- ed fight after arrest, when on the chain, attacking the police with a chunk of firewood. Sergt. O'Con- nel came back with a very bad hand, which had been poisoned by a splinter of wood and sup- purated. To this day his hand is crippled. Two human skulls have been found on the beach to the Westward, and also a bottle of pick- les, which had evidently been exposed to tbe weather for some time. They are the relics of some former disaster. At the Government land sale on the 7th, some lots were offered at the now upset price (£20), but there was no attendance, and consequently no bidders. The rise in price is financially a mistake. If land is required, it will fetch its price at auc- tion, let the upset price be what it may. If that price is low, people will be induced to buy what they do not immediately want ; but, if high, they hold back until they really do want it. The only effect of the rise at present is that private holders have a chance of selling at less than the increased Government price. On the 9th inst., Mr. R. Wrightson arrived overland from Lagrange Bay, and reported that tde Ariel had not been at Congdon, for which place she had goods, and no news beyond that she had not touched al the Forrester's (Yule) to dis- charge cargo. Mr. Wrightson left Lagrange Bay about the 27th ulto., and at that time no news had been received from the pearling ground of her arrival. She had on board Mr. R. L. McKay, Mr. Edgar, only recently arrived in the district, and Mr. Outred. Mr. Edgar was bound for Cong- don (DeGrey), the others for the pearling ground. We all became anxious as to the fate of the ves- sel, and looked eagerly for news of her from the pearlers. When the Government cutter Gertrude made an appearance, on the 17th, our worst an- ticipations were strengthened, by the intelligence that nothing had been seen or heard of the vessel at the banks. She was last seen on the afternoon of the 7th of February, by those on board the Owlet, at that time at the Defence Island. She was then going West. The heaviest of the gale was on the 8th, but with us, as you know, it did not blow with hurricane force. The unfortunate vessel must have gone into the hurricane exper- ienced to the Westward, and there met her fate. Possibly the spar passed by the Roy Rob near the Montebellos, on the 14th ulto., belonged to her. Whether she foundered at sea, or struck on Rit- chie's Reef, or upon the Montebellos, Barrow, or other islands, or whether she got, it may be, in a crippled state, to some of the Dutch settlements, must be mere conjecture. If she struck on any of the islands, there is a prospect of life being saved ; if on Ritchie's Reef, none. The Gertrude, however, has been despatched (she left Cossack on the 21st inst), to make a thorough search among the islands, so that if the Ariel was driven ashore some vestiges of her may be recognized, and our doubts settled. Should the worst have happened, this district will have to lament the loss in Mr. McKay, of a foremost settler, one of the pioneers of the district, and a man who thor- oughly identified himself with the place. By the racing community he will be much missed, hav- ing been an ardant lover of the sport. He was a liberal subscriber to our Church building and Chaplaincy fund; and, although a Presbyterian, and one who, if his own church had a footing in the place, would have supported it, his loss will be lamented by the Church of England commun- ity of the district. Mr. Edgar's fate was also a melancholy one. I did not myself know him, but I am informed he was under 21 years of age, and it is sad that one so young, so full of hope, energy, and spirit, should be called away so suddenly. He was a brother to Mrs. McKenzie Grant. Four women have been made widows, and their child- ren orphans, by this event. The master (Lei dicke) and one of the seamen (McCarthy, I think) leave wives and young children. Mr. Outred also left a wife and child, and Mr. McKay leaves a family of mourners. There is a strange simi- larity between the loss of the Ariel and that of the Ruby, last year. In either case the masters had the reputation of being cautious men,'yet in either case the vessels were taken to sea while the barometer was rapidly falling, and there was every indication of a hurricane close to hand. Both vessels left the day before the storm burst, and neither of them, has up to this time, been heard of. It seems to me to be recklessness to the verge of insanity. The Church is, at last, completed, and service therein was held for the first time on Sunday morning, the 18th inst., with a congregation of about 50 persons, old and young. At present, there is nothing but the shell, a few pews consti- tuting all the furniture, but seats have been or- dered, for which sufficient funds have been sub- scribed, and, on board the Azelia, there are other fittings obtained from England. The erection of this Church is creditable to the settlers, who have contributed so liberally as to leave a debt of less than £80, which there will be no difficulty in pay- ing off. The first holy communion was adminis- tered within its walls on Easter Sunday. It is to be hoped that much time will not elapse before the Bishop is able to visit the district, and conse- crate the building. Our late pastor, Mr. Hayton, now working at Leeds, will be gratified to learn that the Church which he took so much pains to have built, has been completed, and employed in God's service. A shepherd named Martin Connolly, recently in the employ of Mr. J. E. Richardson, of Pyra- mid Station, died somewhat suddenly in Roe- bourne on the 16th inst. He had been about fif- teen years in the district. On the evening of the same day, Arthur Blurton, a child, while playing with other children at snapdragon, was very ser- iously burnt about the face and body, his clothes catching fire. Although at first serious apprehen- sions; were entertained as to his recovery, I am happy to say he is now doing'well. The news brought by tbe Government cutter Gertrude from the pearling ground is satisfactory to a certain extent, but the take of shells is not equal to that of last season. This is owing not so much to the diminished supply as to the state of the weather, which prevented diving during considerable portion of the season. It is reported that D. McRae got 21 tons, J. McRae 13 tons, M. Price 6 or 7 tons, R. J. and H. W. Sholl 8 or 9 tons, and E. Wilson 5 tons. I have not heard what the other boats did. Yesterday the Amelia and the Albert arrived from Fremantle. The former vessel grounded at the Fortescue, and received some damage. She has been beached in the Creek, where she will be re- paired. The writ for the election of the second member for the North has been received. The election will take place on the 23rd May. The electoral roll being the same as that of last year, the Kim- berley settlers will not have an opportunity of re- cording their votes. As the additional member was given ostensibly for the benefit of the Kim- berley people, it is a pity that the date of election was not fixed subsequent to the 4th June, when the list for the current year will be in force. Nothing more done about the school building, and the materials, such as they are, perishing. It is now upwards of twelve months since the old schoolroom was blown down, and that building is the only one in Roebourne which has not been replaced. Private individuals, it seems, can do what the Central Board of Education cannot do. The month of March has not proved a cool month to us. The thermometer has been as high as 111 deg., and seldom lower at midday than 100 deg. To-day it was 104. The, nights, on the whole, have been pleasant. No rain, however, and no atmospheric disturbances during the equinox. March 31. A meeting of parishioners was convened for Easter Tuesday, for the purpose of electing a vestry and other business. Four persons, includ- ing the clergyman, met in the Church on the evening of that day, when Mr. E. H. Laurence was nominated minister's warden, vice Mr. R. J. Sholl, who is leaving the district. Mr. Anketell was elected people's warden, and Messrs. Eaton, W. S. Hall, Holman,- F. Pearse, and Osborne were elected vestrymen. The accounts were pass- ed. They showed that the building debt was re- duced to £24, and that sufficient had been col- lected to pay for the fittings and some other fur- niture. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. J. F. Hancock for his handsome gift to the Church of an American organ. The Rev. B. King has given a communion table. The boat Florence, which left a short time ago for the Westward, returned on the 27th, without any news of the Ariel, but she had not gone fur- ther than the Fortescue. The next afternoon the Government vessel, Gertrude, returned from her search. She had examined the Montebellos with- out finding a trace of the missing vessel. Capt. Walcott has, I am sorry to say, come back an invalid, having met with an accident before he left for the Montebellos, and hurt his leg. Mr. Pead, of the firm of Moore, Pead & Co., was fined £5 by the Cossack Bench for not having registered his Chinese servant. Several persons have been fined, and, in default, imprisoned for supplying liquor to natives. We have been,all abroad as to the movements of the steamers, and passengers have been put to some inconvenience, coming in from a distance to time, waiting about town, and again retreating to the country. We now depend upon the time table, which fixes 1st April for her departure. March 14. The Quarter Sessions were held on the 4th inst. There were two native cases. Geelup and Bul- locky were charged with manslaughter, for the murder of a native named Jacky John at the Sherlock. They were found guilty and sentenced to 7 years penal servitude. Native Bob, for kill- ing native MacKay, was sentenced to 3 years penal servitude. The homicide was robbed at the Fortescue by MacKay of clothing and rations, followed the thief, and killed him. The Court considered that there was gross provocation, and hence awarded a lighter punishment. Mr. D. Chapman, of Cossack, was fined £2 for non-at- tendance as a juryman. Subsequently the Magis- trate sentenced two native boys each to two months imprisonment with hard labour, for rob- bing a garden. The Church furniture ex Azelia, consisting of communion railing, altar carpeting, altar cloth, kneeling cushions, etc., add materially to the in- terior appearance of the Church. The Rob Roy arrived on the 7th inst, and by her came the Rev. P. H. Neale. He preached the following evening in the Roebourne church, to a larger congregation than usual. His sermon was much admired, and altogether he has created a favourable impresssion. I hope he will be able to stand the climate. At present, he complains of the heat, but our delightful cool season will shortly set in, and probably he will gradually be- come acclimatized-at all events I hope so. The Rev. Mr. King preached his farewell sermon at Cossack, and leaves per Rob Roy. The steamer left for Kimberley on the after- noon of the day of her arrival, and returned early this morning or during the past night. She starts for Fremantle on Monday afternoon (16th inst.) 'There was a cricket match between the passen- gers per Rob Roy and the townspeople at Roe- bourne on the 9th and 10th inst. The townspeople were victorious. There was a dance at the inn on the evening of the second day. The friends of the two candidates for the repre- sentation of the North district have been busy canvassing, and are certain that their man will get in. There is some likelihood of a lively meet- ing on polling day. No further news of the Ariel. 'The Gertrude is now out, intending to search Barrow and other islands. She is in charge, for this trip, of Mr. R. Taunton,-Capt. Walcott having to remain in Cossack, sick. BUNBURY, April 19th. Splendid rains have fallen since my last. We had some smart showers on the 13th inst., but on the 17th steady rain set in, and has continu- ed at intervals up to the prosent. An immense volume of water has fallen, and it is still pour- ing, and there is every prospect of its continu- ance. The macadamizing of our main thoroughfare is rapidly approaching completion, and the recent rains will consolidate the material and relieve the teams from the trying ordeal they have lately undergone to make headway on it. On the 11th inst., Samuel Britnall was charged at the local police court with the larceny of sandalwood at the Willams, in March, 1882, about which date Mr. D. Hay received a load of sandalwood delivered here, amongst which was subsequently discovered 8 cwt. having Mr. Krakouer's brand thereon, and which was identi- fied as having been sold by the latter to Mr. W. Spencer, J.P. The prisoner, who elected to be summarily dealt with, pleaded guilty, and having been in custody under remand for the last month, he was sentenced to 5 months hard labour. On Monday last Mr. John Peterson again ap- peared at the Police Court charged under the amended information with a breach of trust and duty in sailing away from this port to Fre- mantle with the schooner Theresa and sundry bonded goods. On the case being called the bench announced that they had decided to dis- miss it,-the information as amended did not disclose any offence, and the Court was incom- petent to deal with it under the Merchant Ship- ping Act, and that the remedy if any lay in a civil action. The defendant was thereupon discharged In shipping matters the Bengal has left Fat- field to complete her loading with tuart, and the Armistice is still loading. Two more of the Carey town allotments have changed hands at prime figures, Mr E. M. Clarke, having purchased two of the allotment some two years ago for £25, disposed of them last week to Mr. C. Rose for the sum £100. These Careytown allotments are proving good invest- ments, and are evidently influencing the higher figures now being offered for building plots on the Berry Hill estate. Our newly formed Rifle Corps have commenc- ed a course of practice at the rifle butts. A memorial is in course of preparation, ad- dressed to the Postmater General with, a view to bring about an alteration of the hours of the departure of the Perth mail. It now leaves-at noon, and frequently does not ar- rive at Pinjarrah till after 10 p.m. being timed to arrive there at 9-30 p.m. It is eagerly desired here that the old time table should be reverted to, which was 8 a.m. or at any rate not later than 9 o'clock. This would involve an alteration in the Busselton time table, but as that mail leaves the Yasse at 6 a.m. on mail morning, there could be little objection to altering it to 4 p.m. on the previous day. It is felt that many and great advantages would accrue from such an arrangement, and in view of the alacrity with which our P.M.G. acceded to a request for the alteration in the Blackwood mail hours of closing, it is confidently anticipat- ed that every consideration will be given to the unanimous wishes of the Bunbury and Pin- jarrah community. It is intended to supple- ment our case with a memorial from the latter township. BUSSELTON, April 21. At last we have had a little really seasonable weather, and already the result is visible. I an- ticipate in a few days old tracts, burnt by the bush-fires of the past season,-tracts which have been for the last two months nothing but black- ened wastes-will put on an appearance of verdure. The derangement of the steam service is already felt here. Storekeepers and publicans have been in the habit of keeping only a limited stock, and, although as a rule these supplies came forward by coasters, yet in case stocks ran short they could be replenished within a few days by steamer. The wreck of the Macedon, com- bined with the long detention of the Otway, has prevented this, and the consequence has been al- most a beer and spirit famine. Donbtless Mr. Mathew Burnett and his disciples will think this has been rather an advantage than otherwise ; but unfortunately total abstainers form but a small proportion of our populace-although Busselton does not take the opposite extreme. The absence of supplies at our Yasse hotels has, consequent- ly, been looked upon as a great nuisance. Goods also which were expected by storekeepers per Otway, some time back, are still in the other colonies, and will doubtless have to come round by the Annie Lisle, which will leave Adelaide for this port in a day or two. I wrote in my last of the lateness in calling for tenders for the erection of a goods shed on the jetty. Since that the inhabitants of the Lower Blackwood have sent, through the Sussex Bonds Board, a memorial to the Government praying that something definite may be done in repairing the bridge at St. John's Brook. This bridge has, as I told you before, been in an im- passable condition far some time back. Tenders have twice been called for the work, and con- tractors tendered for the repairs, but on each oc- casion the tenders have been said to exceed the estimated cost, consequently the people of the Lower Blackwood have still to suffer a very great inconvenience. Who is to blame in this? Contracts at the Yasse are as a rule taken very low indeed, and one cannot help thinking that the specifications and plans were drawn up to meet the amount set down for this particular work, at a figure which it was well known to any one tendering for the service would not pay the contractor. A copy of the memorial has been sent forward to our member, Mr. Carey, and I trust something may be done short- ly, or the inconvenience will be increased tenfold, as the difficulty of carrying on this work in the middle of winter would be vastly augmented. The races at Augusta came off yesterday, I am unable to send you particulars of the various events, but I hear the horses from Quin- dalup carried away the leading honors, winning all the principal races. A dance (quite a success) was held in the evening. Two new buildings are in course of erection in Busselton, one a store which is being built for Mr. A. Rosselloty, the other a six-roomed house, which is in course of erection for Mr. Justice Locke, and which when finished will be a great improvement on our usual style of town architec- ture. I omitted to mention, when writing last, that at the Easter meeting of St. Mary's, Busselton, the following gentlemen were elected officers for the ensuing year ; Mr. Joseph Cookworthy minister's warden ; Mr.'G. Barnard,parishioner's warden ; and Messrs. Jas. Bovell, A. Rosselloty and A. B. Pries, vestrymen. At the timber stations work is going steadily forward, but there are no arrivals to report, although I hear that vessels are expected hourly, both at Lockville and the Hamelin. Mr. Yelver- ton is also expecting a vessel at Quindalup. FREMANTLE, April 26. On Saturday last, after a short illness, a much-respected citizen, Mrs. Higham, breathed her last, at the residence of her son-in-law, Mr. H. J. Saw. where she had gone for a few days' rest. Her death was very sudden, for, only a week previous to the sad event, she was attend- ing to her business as usual. It is seldom we find an instance of a woman devoting her life to business in the energetic manner Mrs. Higham did. Starting some twenty years back in a very small way, she has, by thrift, prudence, and indomitable perseverance, left her sons one of the most flourishing businesses in Fremantle. The funeral, which took place on Monday morn- ing, was attended by about 200 people. Mr. E. H. Higham, who had been away at the North, returned by the Rob Roy on Sunday evening, in time to follow his mother to her last resting place. The members of the Chamber of Commerce, and of the Municipal Council have met to con- sider the subject of the site of the new Court House, and have come to the conclusion that the building should be erected facing Marine Terrace, near the Freemason's Hall. The Gov- ernment will, no "doubt, take into consideration the opinion of these two public bodies, and fix the site as suggested by them. Messrs. Har- wood & Son are the successful tenderers for the erection of the Court House, and I suppose the work will be commenced immediately. I notice that the repairs to the North Jetty are being pushed on vigorously, and in a few weeks will be completed. At the Police Court on the 24th inst., Capt. Renouf, of the Lady Louisa, applied for a warrant against one of his seamen for stealing some cargo. It will be remembered that this same captain had a number of his crew up be- fore the magistrate last time his vessel came here. It was reported some time ago that Mr Caesar intended giving up his hotel business, but I am sure the public will be glad to learn that he has resumed the lease of the house for some years to come. Caesar's hotel is known all over the colony, and it is hoped that such a popular landlord will not retire yet a while. There is no news yet of another steamer be- ing put on the berth at Adelaide for this port, ' although, if reports be true, the Otway will not call there, having a full cargo from Melbourne. The owners of sailing vessels will not complain, of this. As it has been notified by Col Angelo that a review of the troops will take place on the Queen's Birthday, the Fremantle volunteers are preparing for the event. No less than three parades have been held during the lost ten days, and battalion drill in single rank has been prac- tised under Major Sutherland. A series of private assembly halls will be held during the winter months, organised by a num- ber of energetic gentlemen of our town. The first ball will probably be held on Friday, the ' 4th proximo. Under the very able management of Mr. H. Briggs, the Fremantle Grammar School is pro- gressing most favourably. The number of scho- lars on the roll at present is 44. The governors will soon have to do something in the way of building, as the present school-room is not at all suitable. The Government have given a piece of land for the purpose. The weather, although threatening, has been calm during the week, so that the purchaser of the Macedon has been able to work without in- termission at securing the cargo. The inten- tion is to blow the deck off with dynamite. By doing this the goods in the hold can be more easily obtained, and without the aid of divers. The Lynch Family of Bellringers returned from Geraldton on Sunday by the Rob Roy, and are loud in their praises of the hospitality shewn them by the Northern settlers. They will, I believe, give another performance here before leaving the colony, when, no doubt, a full house will greet them. There is but little shipping news this week. The " Lady Louisa," from London, and the " Phoenix," from Melbourne, have arrived with full cargoes. 