KITTY DUN OL;Y;, ?MY SCHOOLMATE: A VIOTORIAN SKETOEI. . Dr GC.B.. (Concluded.) Jack bowed, and, after the usual remarks, turned again to me. "I have brought Laurie and Sportsman down, for I presume Mliss Dunolly can ride," he added, interrogatively. Kitty. bowed, gravely. "One of the stork-boys is following with them. If you are ready, Constaneo; it would be better for us to start almost im. mediately. Miss Dunolly has a good, stiff twenty miles before her and home." Jack hurried on in front to order a speedy breakfast, while Kitty and I followed more slowly. lIre. Drown, the good landlady, bustled about to some purpose that morning, for in less than half an hour sheo had a good, steam. ing-hot breakfast on the table, anid every thing ready for starting. . The ride was a beautiful, though rather risky one-up.hill and down the whole way, with very often fearful abysses yawning beneath us, or frowns ing mountainoeaks towering overhead. But we enjoyed it immensely, all the more, por haps, for having been cooped up in a town for so many months. At last, about 12 o'clock, a.m., we reached thU plain on which' Tilderleoy "stands, lThrough the glossy, over-green' rees wrosa the gleam of while,roofs, and above them the pale wreathe of smoke, curling up from the chimneys to the bright sky.. -Ohl home l home I Truely "there's no place like home I" Mly heart yearned towards it. Every blade of grass, every flower that bloomed there, wase dearer to me than worlds I I saw Kitty's flno,'dark eyes sparkle with pleasure, the ripe lips parted into a sweet and tender smile. "This is home I " sho said softly, as' her eyes wandered from the blue-violed hills in the distance, to the dimpling lake that lay bathed in dusky,: ever- shifting shadows be. neath the grove at our side-" Truely this is homet0" CHAPTER' IV. We' had been home just three weeks, when one evening, soon after tea, Jack entered, my little parlour with an anxious cloud on his brow. " Constance," he began, earnestly laying his hand on my shoulder.". 'One. of the stockmen has come homeo from Deadman's Creek. He says there's a terrifle fire up there, and it is rapidly coming down on us. You are not afraid to stay hero with the women and old Cob, for father andI must go off post hasto ?" He looked at Kitty as he spoke, and she said, eagerly : "No I O, No I We are not'afraid," while I added, more tremulously, "No, Jack. Go, dear." HIe bent down and kissed my forehead as if to reassure .me, and then, waving his hand gaily to Kitty, hurriedly left the room. "As soon as he hld gone, Kitty and I went to the verandah to try and see'somasigns of the enemy. But there was no change in the fair, pale, evening sky; the dark belt of.wood that encircled the flat before. us5 was even: more void of smoke than usual, for in these' arts during the 'summer, there is nearly a vays smoke lurking somewhere in the woods. The golden stars began to pierce through the Heavens as 'wa watched i the curlew whcrled past as with his plaintive'night-cry, and the solemn stillness of .the evening fell on us ike a spell?. '" / "Look I Connie," suddenly, cried Ki ty, pointing excitedly towards the western hr.' zone "Do you see that blush-like rod up~n the sky yonder ? " I eagerly followed her eye, and uroe enough there teas a faint pale-red reflection ver slight, very distant, but still a reflectio And as we gazed, with a chill, indeeeribabl kind of nervousness creeping over os, the flusb broadened and deepened, stretching along the sky with npalling quickness; till at last, from behind the front range there rushed up a dense, black cloud of smole, followed, in a moment, by one long pale finger of fire. Kitty 'and I clung closer together, while wa heard the. excitable shouts of the servants who were assembled near us on one of the lawns, and saw one of the solectors dash past us on horse back, crossing the flat in the direction of the fire: That one quivering flame was followed swiftly by others, and the fire, gaining in strength and quicknesseovery moment, soon had the sloping, thickly-wooded range one living mass of flames. Oh I dreadlul and ap. palling sight, a bushfire, and yet, how grand I The red-hot trees with the froy flames icking their. blackened trunks. The intense and awful darkness of the forest which they have' not yet. reached:; while, standing out, in marked and startling distinctness, was every obiet over~ which their lurid shadow had been' thrown, s"'. ': " . .. "The Flat I The Flatl " "shricked old Cob, the gardener, wringing his heads that had withered in my father's service. "They must stop it in the Flat, or we're done I If it gets a hold among them dry_ rushes, it'll make a clean sweep of everything I" It was evident the men had seen that, for presently, on the edge of the Flat, a jet' of flame shot up, running well round it, and effeetually stopping the track of the destroyer. Old Cob clapped his hands in delight. " We're all right I We're all right I" Fire kills fire I God be praised for't." And so it did; the fire, bafled, receded quickly, wivile its, opponent burnt slowly across the Flat; two or. three men beating it out when it had spread far enough. There was no immediate, danger now; the fire spread farther. back into the forest, and the wind, providentially changing, moved it alto. gether from our 'direction. How thanlkful wore we to see. father, and Jack safely back again I Begrimed with smoke ; burnt on hands and and face; spent with fatigne they were pretty objects 1 "It was a near toucher," Jack said. "If the wind. had not changed, the whole station would have gone, for, though the Flat was safe dnough, it would have had us at the back, to which it had been rapidly working." "Connie," began Kitty, that evening, as we stood by our window, watching the dark mountain.that, but a couple of hours before was raging in flames, and which now was darker than ever, although a lingering ourl of flame and an oceasional burst of smoke, told us that the foe was still to be feared," Connie, dear, I have a feeling that something is going to hiapien to me. I cannot qxplain, dear girl, but I feel it, Constance I I feel it I " ,I'gazed at her earnestly, as she passed her arm round my shoulders, and drew me to her "'You are nervous and excited; dear Kitty," I answered reassuringly, "and no wonder I" " No, my dear, 'I am neither nervous nor excited, My heart is quite steady, Connie." i There was an ineffablo and tender lovell ness in her eyes as they met mine-a strange, fond yearning in her smile, as she turned her flice to me-pallid in the moonlight. "Kitty I Dear Kitty I " I softly whispered, "Conniol Dearest Connie I" she answered, kissing my forehead. . OHAPTER V. /,The fire 'was as had as over I Not at the homestead, but on the North run, fifteen miles from us. Father and Jack, poor fel lows, had to start ofi again; and we were left as before. There was no help for it; all the station-hands wore wanted, though father left behind one of the stook-boys with old Cob. This was the next afternoon. We were'not frightened for ourselves, for there was no possibility of the fire reaching us again, but I was terribly anxious about my dearones, and so, indeed, was Kitty. "You needn't feel ankious, Miss Con. stance," said Mrs. Thorn, the old house. keeper, joining us in the garden. "Mr. Grey and Jack can take care of themselves-don't you young ladies worry." , Yes, Miss," added Cob, leaning on his spade, as le joined in the conversation with all the slf-assurance of aprivioleged domestic, "Don't be .feared, Miss Constasico; they'll be back in no time." SI'm sure, I hope so," I answored faintly, watching with sinking hoeart, the red-gold disk of the sun falling behind the range. Somoe-how he seemed like a friend, and my eyes wandered, wistfully over the quiet land scape warmly touched with his departing S"You are not having a very enjoyable time, I fear, dear Kitty," said I, as ee passed into the house together. " Connie," el aliswered, stopping under the flaming chandelier in the hall, and placing her fair, slim hands on my shoulders. " sy dearest friend, nay, my s1s1er, Connie -if you will have me-"' (I laid mey ochek, caressingly;' on onoe of her hands.) "Dear saiser, my thippiest ehoaurs have boeen spent horos.' This Is the first rest that I have felt since my mother's'denth. I? should like t6 stayhoro all my life, Connie; I should like to die here l" ' - Oh I Kitty. Oh I my sister, yea, as door and dearer. to me than if wo had, indeed, been born so I Sitting in my desolate room I re member your words now-words, that despite the lapse of many years, are as fresh in my memory as yesterday. Last night it had been more mad, wild excitement than anxiousness; but to-night it was slow, torturing anxiety, with nothing but ourown thoughts toentertamn us, everything outside being very quiet. Now and again there came the shriek of a passing black swan; or from the forest, the wild, trilling of a night-bird, and the howl of the dingo; but that was all. I went to the piano struck a chord, but it echoed so through the quiet room, that I felt almost startled, and quietly crept back to Kitty's side. "Perhaps you would like me to sit with you, young ladies?" asked-Mrs. Thorn, gently insinuating her long form through the half-open door. " .,. "Certainly," answered Kitty, cheerfully, seeing that the old lady was feeling lonely, and was speaking one for us and two for her. self. ."Certainly," I echoed, dreamily. So Mrs. Thorn with a brightened smile, sat down before the fireascreen, and complacently took out her tatting, every now and again glancing kindly at us girls as we reclined together on the sofa. Somehow I felt nervous and un. happy, and longed most intensely for father's return. Kitty, too, seemed restless, for she rose and paced the room with hurried steps, now and again stopping at the window to gaze keenly out into the night, or lay her hand, in. a soft, caressing way she had, upon my head. Suddenly she stopped short by the window,' and raised her right hand in a listening attitude. "Don't you hear voices, Connie? And you, Mrs. Thorn ?" We went to the window and listeneiod ag-: orly, but beforoe I could speak thbo door loeading into the hall floew, open,and Martha. and Jane, two of the servants, rtished wildly into the room, crying, in terror-stricken voices-- . "0, Miss Connio I The bhshrangors I The bushrangers, Miss DunollyhL".A !: '"What do you 'mean Martha?'. asked Kitty in her calm, collected voice, passing her arm with an unconscious notion around my shoulders. ' "Johnnior the stook.boy heard them talk. ing in the yards, Miess Dunolly," explained Janas the younger and less terrified one. " They said it 'would bos a good chance to stick up the station as all ,the men were away. "Johnnio heard 'em saysb,'and he run home as quick as he could, and told us." " Where is he now," asked Mrs. Thom. "Horan off into the bush. 0, what shall we do ? What shall we do ?" Wailed the first done, wringing her hands. Where is Cob?" asked Kitty, quickly. "He's down in his hut, Miss Dunolly." I"Kitty paled, but, as she was about to speak again,:the door re.opened and Cob ap peared. Ho had a revolver in his hand. " 01 Cob is that you?" cried Kitty eagerly " Come In I Come in I " " What are we to do? " he asked quietly. -"Defend ourselves till Mr. Grey and the others return. It cannot be foriong," answered Kitty promptly, and with her faeo pale but fearless.. " We have no time to fly; besides that would be cowardly. There are some fire-arms I suppose?" " Yes," answered Mrs. Thorn, producing a brano of pistolsaanuLa revolver from. a press seldom used, in the next room. " How many bushrangers are there Cob ? " I asked faintly. !' Only twoI think, Miss Connie, but there may be more near at hand, Johnnie only saw two in the stook-yard." "Give mothe revolver," said Kitty, taking it from Mrs. Thoem, "I cannot. use a pistol. Is it loaded,?" " They are all loaded, Miss Dunolly." Kitty and Cob, after securing all the back doors, stationed themselves at the two front windows, poor old Mrs. Thorn standing. t the side one with her pistol, for neither of the servants nor I could use fire-arms. "HarkI" cried Mrs. Thorn, "I hear voices I:' and Kitty without a word,- though with hands that trembled- a little, bravely threw up her window. "Who goes there?" Her clear sweoet voice rang through the air. I shuddered all over.. " Who goes there? " "I--Iollicking Jem I Jest open them doors my pretty mise, and let me an' my mate in."' Came from without. . I was not frightened now; but intonsely, terribly, excited. I saw the same feeling in the faces of my companions. .. Kitty answered, promptly " I shall not let youin." " 1 come now,", answered the man evi. dently greatly tiokled'at the last-"That's too good I . that is, jest open that ere door a leetle hit, my pretty miss I "'' .And now we 'sawhis face, a wild, shaggy, wicked-looking lace ;jleering and repulsive. "I will ot let you in.'" Repeated Kitty, herlips whitening. "Here, none of this I" said another man, pushing himself forward. "You open that door you wenoh, or I'll make you I': and his revolver gleamed in the reflection of the lamp, as he pulled it from his breast. "You wouldn't like a pill of what this holds, I suppose ? " He asked, glaring at the white, determined, young face. '!But open that dobr or I'll give you one." "What do you want?" Asked old Cob, thinking it time to show himself. " We want money and food, and don't ob. ject to a pretty girl or two, either." Answered the man--Rollicking Jim. Then the other one clambered up on to the window-sill and glazed ferociously in on us all. The men evidently did not know we had fire-arms, but now Kitty showed hers. "If you come an inlchfurther I shall fire I" she cried, wildly. The' man with an oath, sprang to the floor, nimbly followed by his mate. I saw Kitty'n face set; there comi; a " click clicl I and a groan, followed by a long, pierceing cry-and all is dark I When I returned to consciousness I found myself in bed, with the sun shining brightly in upon me. I looked round bewilderedly, and at the foot of the bed saw Mrs. Thorn. "Where is Kitty? What has happened ?" I cried, sitting weakly up and putting back the hair from my eyes. "Lie quiet, Miss Constance, I will toll you bye and bye." "Have I been ill?" . "A little dear. You fainted the night be. fore last. Don't you remember?" :I shook my head. • Where is Kitty ? I' ".I willtell you bye and bye."? Preseoitly Mrs. Thorn left the ioom, and Jano came up and took her place.' Her :eyee were red and swoolln, and her face very pale; "O, my dear,' dnear Miss Connio I " ishe sobbed, flling on her knees by my bed-side. "I'm so glad you're better." "Thank you, Jane. Hut wehere is Miss Dunolly ?" "0 I Miss Connie, you mustn't talk, the doator says I" answered Jane, hurriedly and anxiously. DoOtor I" I choed. "Yes, Miss Connie. Mr. Jackwent for him yest tedn Mrs, Thorn roturncd and ga've mo wine and white jolly. HMartha slipped from the room'in a minute or two, and the good housekooper established heorself in her former place. Another night came and past, and still she sat there, never eeming to.go away- always there In the morning father and Jack came in to see me. Doth their faces were worn and haggard. They lkissed me tenderly, and soon went away. But I cried for Kitty I What had they done with my Kitty, my sister ? " Mrs. Thorn," I implored, " tell me about Kitty I Where is she ? Why doesn't she come to me ? Tell me I " " My poor child, you had better know the truth l" And kneeling by the bed she gath ered my hot and trembling hands in hers. "My poor Connie, I have sad news for you. Listen, my dear, patiently." SWhat was this cold breath creeping over my heart ? I pressed my hands over it to still its beating. " Kitty-dear noble girl I shot the man, Tim; dead pn the spot. The other one fired at her and-and woundedher. Just then your father and Jack returned, but the wretch es caped through the window. 0 I My poor dear Miss Connie I Kitty died the next morning I" It is by her grave I am standing now Kitty's grave. A quiet mound that lies alone by the side of the lake. No need of epitaph or monument for theo, dear Kitty I No need. The soft lapping of the water with the wailing wind is thy requiem, and for those who care to be reminded of it, the solitary grave tells its own story. TnE E?n. 