VICTORIAN, MEMS. His Excellency the Governor has lurtber prorogued Parliament until the 11th Marcb. The Castlemaine clergymen are now giving religious instruction iifthe State-schools there. Chief Justice Etawell has been elected president of the' Melbourne Homoeopathic Hospital. Mr. David Syme has resigned the treasurership of the Working-men's College in Melbourne. A boy named Daniels was drowned in Mordialloc Creek, at Mordialloc, on Saturday afternoon. The Merino people are agitating to have the Branxholme and Casterton line open as far as their township. A miner named J. Williamson has been severely hurt by a fall of stone in the Victoria mine, Long Gully. A man named William Doversh has been sentenced to ttiree months' hard labor at Mansfield for^fcaufcing abush-firc. Two men have been wrongly arrested in Melbourne as French escapees. A senior- constable and constable " put their feet in it" Tbe delivery of one ton of raspberries to.a produce merchant has just been completed by a grower in Bullarook Forest. More jam ! The official notification has been received at Melboufne'from Rome of Dr. Moore's appoint- ment as Koman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat. At the Wesleyan Conference in Melbourne, Messrs. M'Callum, Bridgewood; Flockhart, and Briggs were admitted- ministers upon probation. John Duffy, lately a .clerk in Guest's biscuit factory, Melbourne,'iias been sentenced to six months' imprisonment for having embezzled £100. The official approximate return of the gold yield in Victoria shows the yield of 18S3 to have been 809,337 ounces, as against 894,486 in 1882. Tbe Agent-General writes to say that' the resolutions of the Australasian Conference have been received with very decided approval in England; The office of Registrar of Titles is to be thoroughly overhauled. Officials are to work longer hours until the arrears of work are cleared off. A lad named Clamp has been committed for trial at Melbourne on a charge of incendiarism at Fitzroy, wheredamage was caused, to the amount of £1200. It is stated by the Courier that the Ballarat Woollen Company have engaged the services of several weavers who recently arrived from Yorkshire, England. Mr. Player, an employe in the Government Printing office, has been cautioned and censured by the Premier consequent upon the report of the Ferres Board. John White, a farmer, was killed at Baglan on the 15th inst. He was carting his crops, when the horses bolted, and the wheels of the dray passed over hiB bod}'. A Melbourne thief was actually hardy enough to steal some 'possum rugs and blankets belonging to Mr. Purves, the well-known barrister. Result, six months. Joe and Barney Thompson, well-known bookmakers, left for England in the mail steamer last week. There was a large muster of metallicians to see them off. 328 not out was the score made by Bruce in a cricket match in Melbourne on Saturday. This is the highest score yet made by any individual player in Australia. •A man named Ness has died in the Melbourne Hospital from the effects of the injuries he recently received by a mortar board falling on him from a great height-at a building. Lord Roseberv has accepted a presentation copy of Mr. David Blair's "Cyclopedia of Australasia," and has-also taken home a copy for personal presentation to Air. Gladstone. John Phillips, a farm laborer, has been com mitted for trial at tbe next Sandhurst Assizes, from Elmore, on a charge of forgery, on a cheque given to him for 503., which he altered to £20 10s. By a bush-fire near Linton on Saturday five miles of country were destroyed. Besides thousands of acres of grass and miles of fencing, the losses includc seven stacks of hay of from eight to AenlonB each On'tbe subject of treating quartz, the Tar- Tcngoivir Times says " the best mode has repeatedly proved to be that adopted at tbe public works—in burning the stone previous to its being put through tbe batteries." Mr. G. T. A. Lavater, the accountant of the Railway Department, has presented the Minister with a report on the administration of the stores branch, .yjtipji reflects seriously on its management lorjjie l^t*two l"years. Authority,,^|§4^e^^iKeirXor\procuring an additional three black trackers from Queensland. A constable will be despatched thither uext week to select them. When procured it Jfi the intention to locate them npar Mel bourne. f > . At the annual meeting of the contributors to the Austin Hospital for Incurables it was reported that there were 56 inmates in tbe institution on the 1st inst., and also that it had been decided to build a new cancer ward, to cost .£400. An old man named Thompson, a sawyer, who resided at Avenel, has died from the effects of taking a dose of muriatic acid. The poison, as it would appear, was taken by him accidentally while he was under the influence of. drink. Arrangements have been made in Melbourne for playing an Intercolonial Schools* Cricket Match. The match is expected to take place at Easter, on the Melbourne Cricket ground. Horan will select the Victorian re- The abattoirs and slaughter-houses in Melbourne are to be transferred to " more convenient spots" by the Government, acting with the Central Board of Health. The public health in Melbourne is evidently put before trade interests. A new process for drying hops has been invented by Mr. Albert Sandson, of Westmeth. His process is to dry by hot air instead of the open- furnace system. The inventor is said to have provided engine and complete appliances for effecting the purpose. The Victorian Shipping Association is endeavouring to get the Chamber of Commerce to join with them in urging the selection of a position in the centre of commercial business, at the west end of Melbourne, as a site for a new central telegraph office. A shocking mining accident has happened at theDowlingForest Estate mine, Cres wick. Tbe plunger was being lowered, when tbe column •broke and the pipes fell down the shaft, inflicting terrible injuries to a man named William Jayne, from which he is not expected to recover. An ex-mayor of Melbourne has intimated that he would not accept the civic chair again, even though it were accompanied with an allowance of ,£10,000 a year; that his peace of mind was destroyed during his year of office, and that for every friend he made he raised up ten enemies. Mr. Richard Ford, secretary of the Harbour Trust, has accepted the offer made to him by the Government of a seat on the Railway Management Board. Mr. Ford and the other assistant commissioner, Mr. Agg, will not commence workuntil Mr. Speight, the chairman, arrives from London. In the Oakleigh Shire the annual rate has been Is. 6d. or 2s. in the £ for some years past, and now, owing to a person having gained an action for £600 against the Council in the Supreme Court, a second rate of 2s. in the £ has been decided upon, making the total rates 4s. Seventy-five rabbits of a number examined at Ellenthorpe Estate, Launceston, Tasmania, have been found to be affected with tuberculosis. Officials are also examining cattle in that neighborhood said to be suffering from this disease. Two animals have been ordered to be destroyed. The Hon. Ivo Bligh's approaching wedding with Mi6s Morpby is (says a provincial Press Union correspondent) one of the interesting topics among tbe ladies at present. The event takes place at Sir W. J. Clarke's residence, Bupertswood, on tbe 17th of next month, and great are tbe preparations going on in connection therewith. Some lime ago a Melbourne syndicate despatched to Perak, to obtain land lor tin-mining purposes, Mr. Peter M'In tyre, brother of Mr. M'Intyre, M.L.A. Land was got, and then Mr. Peter M'Intyre visited Eugland to get machinery. He returned recently to Perak, and the company have now heard that he has become deranged. A return prepared by the Lands Department shows that last year applications for land were granted covering 844,265 acres as against 841,251 in 1882. The amount of selection would have been much larger but for the mallee country being reserved for other treatment, and the reservation of 70,000 acres in South Gippsland. At Ararat on Sunday two brothers named Fletcher, aged 8 and 10, were crayfishing, when the younger tell into the water. His brother plunged in to his assistance, but was drowned. A boy named Foster, aged 12, ran ran to the spot and jumped in where he saw one of the lads sink, and succeeded in rescuing the younger-Fletcher. Mr. John Finlay, of St. Kilda, has informed Mr. L. L. Smith that an inlluential gentleman, who desires his name to be withheld, has promised a maguificent cup to be awarded to tbe best got-up sample of hops grown in Victoria exhibited at the intercolonial exhibition of wine, fruit, grain, &c;,, to be held in Morch next. Several other gentlemen have proffered prizes. The Wesleyan Ministerial Conference has persuaded tbe Rev. F. J. Horsley, who has become an officer in the Salvation Army, to maintain his connection with tbe denomination for another year. The conference also passed a resolution heartily welcoming Mr. R. T. Booth, the well-known temperance missionary and apostle'Ofthe Blue Ribbon Armj. The first underground telegraph cable laid in the colony has just been put down at the Spencer-street railway station, Melbourne, by -Mr..Murray, electrical engineer of the Railway Department. There are two cables, each containing 20 wires. The line is short, being 60 feet in length, and connects from the end of ihe .platform to the telegraph office at the station. The canning of fruit has often been urged I upon the farmers in fruit-growing districts. The Colae Herald mentions that it is intended 1 at the local preserving works, this season, to commence the industry. With a view to reduce the price ot the cans, a splendid canister machine has just been imported, and has all the finish and exactness of a well-made watch. The New Zealand Tobacco-growing Company (says the N. X. Herald) is pushing on the work of cultivation as rapidly as possible. The manager and his assistants have already inspected tbe plantations of 26 farm erg, who have contracted to grow tobacco-leaf for the company. The area under cultivation by these 26 settlers is 316 acres, and in every case the tobacco plants are looking well. Mr. W. Ellery, tbe Government astronomer, was (observes the Castlemaine Leader) recently in CaBtlemaine, and visited the Observatory, where be inspected Dr. Bone's newly-imported telescope, ana expressed great admiration for He staled that he had never seen Saturn to such perfection as he saw it on that occasion, and that either the instrument must be tbe best in the colony, or the atmosphere of Castlemaine the dearest. An old colonist going away from Melbourne for a year or two now misses many familiar features upon his return, so rapidly are changes taking place. Especially is this the case in the pulling down of tbe old buildings, and the it change is at the Swanston-street comer of the " Block Germain Nicholson's shop, one of tbe oldest in the city, having to give placc to a big new pile of the George and George order of buildings. The Regulation of Mines and Machinery Act 1883, provides that all mining managers must furnish their names and addresses to the local inspector and Minister for Miues as soon as possible arter the coming into operation of the Act, but the provision is not being fully complied with, and the secretary of the Department of Mines wishes it notified that persons failing to observe it render themselves liable to a penalty ol £50. Lord Rosebery has been tendered an apology by an evening paper, whose reporter in an endeavour to accomplish a little " fine writing'' about our distinguished guest, got off the following:—" Weareinformed on capital authority that Lord Roseb:ry has eagerly looked forward to being present at the Flemington New Year meeting, and we believe that the noble owner of the primrose and rose hoops will be pleased with the appearance of his stable companion, Fryingpan." Owing to the heavy punishment inflicted on Samuel Nathan, of Melbourne, the" time-payment furniture man," for letting houses to women for immoral purposes, one or two proprietors of premises occupied by members of the demi-monde in Sandhurst (the Independent states) evidently think it better to be on the safe side, and the occupiers have been given a week's notice to ijuit. In one or two cases the necessary notice has expired, and large " To Let" notices appear in the windows ol'the abandoned houses. , An unusual phenomenon occurred at Seymour last week. A slight shower of rain Jell in the early part of tbe evening (says the local journal), and immediately afterwards the town was actually swarming with small frogs of a bright green color. Where they all sprang from was a mystery, as before the rain there was not a solitary one to be seen. Attracted by the light, they made for tbe hotels and shops, which at one time looked as if they were going to be afllicted with one of the Egyptian plagues of ancient days. Mr. Middleton, of a clothing firm in Sandhurst, lodged a message to London at the Sandhurst office at half-past 4 on Friday afternoon, 11th instant, and received a reply at 2 o'clock next afternoon ; total time o> cupied both ways, exactly 21A hours. Considering the message had to be written out altogether at about twenty-two repeating stations each way cn route, or a total ot forty- four times, and pass through the hands of several foreigners unacquainted with the English language, the achievement is worthy of noticc. The Gccloug Advertiser doubts the story which has recently been current that the train from Geelong to Camperdown ou Saturday was stopped by grasshoppers being on the line. It says :—" Grasshoppers are not so plentiful in the district of Germanton and Pettavel, where great delays took place. From the fact.that the engine had to make two attempts to get over tbe Germanton bank, and afterwards at Pettavel several trucks bad to be left behind, it is surmised that the locomotive power was not sufficient to haul so many vehicles along." A painful accident occurred on Saturday on tbe farm of Mr. H. Hodgson, of Staghorn-fiat, about six miles from Yackandandah, to a young man named Kelly, whose right band was caught in a threshing-machine which he was attending, and literally smashed into a shapeless mass up to a few inches above the wrist. After being temporarily atteuded to by Dr. Muller, the poor fellow was removed to the Beechworth Hospital, where he arrived during the night, to have the fractured portion of the limb amputated. During the present month the irruption of sand from the hummocks boi dering the western sea-shore has been very severe (says tbe Standard). A great deal of vegetation in the Corporation reserve has been entirely covered with sand, and a monster deposit has been made against the shed at the shore end of the jetty. Several hundreds of tons have been carried over the wall and deposited on the tramway rails, necessitating removal by trucks. The mouth of the Merri River has undergone considerable silting up of late. The Bright Observer says the lyre bird is usually cpnsidered very difficult to rear in a domestic state. Such may be the case with very young chickens, but after the first month the birds do not cause any serious trouble, as Mr. Sloan, of Freeburgh, has brought one along successfully for upwards of four months. It is now thoroughly domesticated, and able to "scratch" for itself, commencing to imitate cleverly the various sounds it hears, thus early developing the ability for mimicry that has earned for its family tbe title of " mocking birds." His Excellency the Governor has been induced, we learn, by ill-health and by the continued indisposition of tbe Marchioness of Normanby, to tender his resignation of his high office, and he is to be shortly relieved from duty. Who is to be his successor is the question put by a country correspondent, and tbe vote of the majority would seem to be in favor of Sir Hercules Robinson. Somehow the present Governor has not made himself an enthusiastic favorite, and when you ask why, folks shrug their shoulders and utter the enigmatical word " economical." It is rumored in London that Sir Hercules Robinson cannot be spared from South Africa for Victoria, and that Lord A. Loftus may succeed the Marquis ot Normanby. A fatal case of burning occurred at Inglewood early on Sunday morning. A blacksmith named Frankling, with his wife, lived near the town in a tent, and about 11 o'clock on Saturday night the pair had returned home drunk. About 1 a.m. a neighbor, noticing the reflection of a fire, went out and saw the woman standin" amongst some scrub with her clothes all ablaze. He threw her down and extinguished the flames, and had then to return to save his own house from destruction, the scrub having be- come ignited. At this time tbe tent was burning fiercely, and on a search being made for Frankling bis legs were discovered sticking up through the debris. The body was subsequently pulled out of the fire in portions. The woman is in a critical condition. A very peculiar incident has been related to the JVarmambool Standard. It appears that Mr. John Rogers, who is a resident of Warrnambool, one day about four years since missed his watch aud chain, and could not think where be had lost them. In the evening his son, who bad ju6t been milking a cow, stated to his father that he had heard the watch ticking in the cow's stomach, but it was thought that the boy must have been mistaken. Three days after, however, the watch was found under circumstances which showed that the boy had not been mistaken. Mr. Rogers then remembered that the day be lost his watch he had been cutting some greenstuff, and it must have then fallen from his pocket into the teed, and ultimately have been swallowed by the animal. A i'ew days since the cow was killed, and the watch-key, which up to that time had not been recovered, was discovered in the animal's stomach. 