OORRESPONDENdE.': TO THE EDITOR OF 'THE ALBUBY BANNER. 1 •., : Sir,—Will you allow me the freedom of ; your columns to express some remarksiipon a leading article which' appeared in jour issue * of the 21st March, in reference to producipg rain by electricity and artificial'means ? ' '•> In this article you quotefrom Mr. Russell, the Government Astronomer, of Sydney, and • apparently assume that Mr. Russell's: deduc-• • tions are conclusive and final. and- ,tb'at 'the - idea is utterly impracticable. ' I therefore fear' ' that many persons may : be so influenced by' tb&t; article as to give up that 1 idea altogether, unless you accord me the desired bpace 'iu order to mitigate such a 1 result.. Firstly, Mr. Russell deals, with ." firing off of guns." In this Mr. Russell overlooks the fact that electricity is evolved by atmospheric disturbance. Here I simply wish to remark that by friction.electricity is evolved, and the firing off of guns, " if it does nothing more,"' causes the evolution of electricity in the atmosphere by the disturbance of atmospheric molecules. As to the firing off of guns, being an effectual means of producing rain, I have nothing further to say but that in the old country, when I have attended large reviews of troops and there has been much firing, I have most frequently seen rain before night,., often got a wetting, though the weather was fino before the review took place. Secondly, Mr. Russell tells us " that he cannot Bee how electricity has anything at all to . do with rainfalls, as most frequently the greatest rainfalls occur without auy indication or appearance of electricity." Does Mr. Russell nnderstand((and I presume he does) the working ol the galvanic battery 1 Is lightning or the electric flash the indication of the lree and perfect flow of the electric current ? I answer, it is simply an effect produced at the moment of completing or closing, and unclosing or breaking the electric circuit. Take a galvanic or any other electric battery, join the poles; at the instant you do so, an electric spark is ' produced. Now disconnect them, and a spark will also be seen. But whilst tbe poles are kept joined, you will 6ce no spark, though we know that this is the time the current is flowing freely and doing its work. Apply this to the thunderstorm, and you will perceive readily that electricity and insulating substances are at war. A body of electricity is straining and making every effort to approach and enter the earth (insulating substances intervening); at last it reaches the earth, a flash js then instantly seen, and as the tension of the electricity decreases, so the insulating substance gets the ascendancy and breaks the electric .circuit, producing, lightning again ; .the; electricity rallies again and ag.iin, etc. So it is that we . frequently have thunderstorms with but 'little rain. I maintain that in such cases it is due to the insulating substances being in the ascendancy and preventing the even.flow oi electricity. On reflection, I find that such was the Htate of things on the 9th of February last, when in thiB locality we had a very heavy thunderstorm. Flash succeeded flash with marvellous rapidity—there was .evidently a great contest between these two forces; insulation was too strong, and . kept continually breaking circuit. Had the lightning been less frcqueut, there would have been a far greater flow of electricity to earth, and I am sure more rain would have fallen. Again, note the converse. On Saturday, tbe 29th March, we had a nice fall of rain • and bat little lightning, the conditions for conducting the electric current, according to ray reasoning, beiug extremely good j the circuit was unbroken, and theilow of electricity was continuous. Here 1 may remark that electricity is the agent which unites the elements of water, viz., hydrogen and oxygen gases. These gases are imperceptible to tbe eye—water may be quite close in the form of these gases j we look about ub and see nil but the blue Bky above. These gases require the flow of electricity to unite them. The third and last mode of producing rain by artificial means which Mr. Hussell comments upon, and which he tells us is the only one which is worthy of consideration, is fire—'.'.to project a heated body into, the air to a great height, but which would be too costly and impracticable." Now, let us see. Heat is light; light travels at an enormous speed (hundreds of thousands of miles per second). This travelling of light, heat, or fire through space cannot be without disturbing the. atmo-:. sphere and producing friction, evolving electricity. Here, again, Imaintain that electricity is brought into play.' Now let us:see if we cannot project a heated body into the air at a considerable height without setting the.conntry on fire. How would an electric light raised to a great height answer ? Science says light is heat, and the most brilliant light would give the greatest heat. The electric lipht ia ;the most brilliant that we can produce at present by artificial means. Another way of project ing light might be most effectual: how would it be to reflect sunlight with mirrors 1. ., The moon acts as a. mirror, but: what.difference . exists between sunlight reflected by the. mpon and sunlight direct, and also what difference there would be between moonlight, sunlight, and sunlight reflected with mirrors upon the atmosphere, I do not know, but I assume Jt deserves experimenting upon. It may be that with very large mirrors, raya.of light might be thrown across other rays, thereby causing greater friction, and this friction evolving possibly immense bodies of electricity, wonderful effects might be produced. I have most frequently observed clouds arise in the morning) and keep on thickening till the shades of night came and dispersed Ihem ; end often when this has been tho case, when the clouds have been thick, I bare thought, " It' only I could cause the fiun to stand still (as it is said did Joshua), we would have rain." Now by the UBe of immense mirrors the light of the sun could be reflected several degrees from the horizon, and S osBlbly o not get we it might Would get rain mirrors at times be as when costly we as bush-fires? Would the electric light be so costly? Wouldfithcr bcjout of the range of the experimentalist if backed by wealth? What would be the expenditure of a few thousands to some of our millionaires in such a cause as Ihis; and if successful^ would they not reap immense profile out of it, as well as immortalising their names 1 Thanking you for your space, I remain, &c.;, AN OBSERVER. Germanton, March 31. 