TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. [KECTEB'S TELEOIUSMS.] ADELAIDE, TKUUSDAV. The larrikins are very busy in parte of North Adelaide and Barton terrace, and have exhibited mischievous proclivities, destroying fences, and throwing down brick pillars. The boiler of the steam launch Little Orient, which recently burst in Large Bay, was brought to Port Adelaide on Wednesday and excited considerable attention, as it may be imagined it was in a very deplorable condition. One end is completely torn away. The furnace plates are bait and broken in tho moat extraordinary way. Nearly all the tubes are disconnected, The whole indicated an explosion of terrific force', and it 18 surprising that the man on board at the time was ever seen alive. It was intimated by the Commissioner of Public Works in the Legislative Council yesterday, in replying to a" question asked by the Hon. G. W. Cptton, that the attention of Government bad been directed to the recent decision concerning the validity of titles under the Real Property Act._ The u commissioners were now considering if any further legislation was needful in consequence cf tbe jadgmeuts referred to. The half-yearly meeting of the Port Adelaide Dock Company was held yesterday. The report and balance-sheets were highly satisfactory. The chairman intimated that a dividend of 5s a share, equal to 10 per cent, would be made payable in February. The Legislative Council carried a motion at last Wednesday's sitting for the immediate iGSue of a writ to fill the vacancy in the Upper House caused by tbe decease of the late'Sir Wm. Morgan. a t a f SYDNEY, THUBSDAY. The Newcastle and Wallsend Coal Company have deolared a dividend of £1 a share, and a bonus of £1 a share. The Australasian Steam Navigation Company pays a dividend of 8 per centum per annum. Adolphos Primrose, who was lately employed in the Federal Bank as teller, has been committed-for trial for embezzlement. The inquest on. tbe man who fell from the window in Kent street resulted in a verdiot -of accidental death. Trickctt and Beach will TOW over tbe champion course again to-morrow. < The &.M.S. Australia left to-day for San Francisco. A large bush-fire has occurred at Grenfell. Miles of fencing and grass were consumed. The Treasurer was unable to attend business to-day in consequence of serious illness in his family. The weather is threatening. Arrived—Steamship Wendouree. 