NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Dust. Breeze. Still warm, Ice at a premium. Bother that comet! Comet visible last night. Comet did not show its tail. Did you keep warm yesterday? Academy of Music to be rebuilt. Big fire at Norwood this morning. Hiscock's Federal Minstrels to-night. France now has her hands pretty full. A seal has been seen in the Port river. Evacuation of the Soudan commencing. Jenny Lee a passenger in the Adelaide. Graving dock wanted at Port Adelaide. Hotel-keepers sayibusiness is "looking up." Wise people did not venture out yesterday. Good white stone found on Nairne railway line. Dr. Haggar has invented a new temperance drink. Chinese virtually declared war against France. Look out for bush-fires and conflagrations in town. Steamer Suez brought up Port river at dead low water. Lortd Rosebery coming to Adelaide in the Adelaide. Steamer Adelaide sailed for Melbourne on Saturday. The Rev. Chas. Strong has arrived in Scotland. All the butter in Adelaide turned to oil yesterday. Torpedo blockade commenced at approaches to Canton. Sydney running us hard in the matter of hot weather. Tommy Hudson plays to-night in the benefit performance. The price of sherbet has risen during the last few days. Mr. W. Jardine Smith, the Melbourne literateur, is dead. A chemist in town sold out all his stock of quinine on Sunday. The Governor will open the Working Men's Club to-night. Mr. Coutts on the spinal method of treat- ment to-morrow night. Four larrikins have been subjected to the cat at Wooloomooloo. Mr. David Ross, of Elsternwick, has dis- covered another comet. Federal Minstrel Troupe arrived by South Australian this morning. Miller defeated Victor in the Græco- Roman wrestling match. Port Adelaide Rowing Club's compli- mentary concert to-night. Herr Jules Payer, the Austrian Polar ex- plorer, has died at Berlin. Roman Catholics disappointed at non- arrival of Marquis of Bute. Chinese at Shanghai pick up cigar stumps, and use them for cigarettes. What has become of the Anti-Shouting Society formed in Adelaide? Horace Bent's "Experience of a raw correspondent" this evening. Marquis of Lansdowne would like to see Australian colonies federate. An old identity at Newcastle named Peter O'Dowd drowned while bathing. A snake dance in New Mexico affords an opportunity of thinning the population. Australian "cannibals" are giving boome- rang throwing exhibitions in Philadelphia. French Government offering inducements to Frenchmen to emigrate to New Caledonia. Thermometer 162° in the sun on Sunday; 111° in the shade, Highest record this summer. An expert has arrived in Tasmania from Europe to assist in promoting oyster culture. A lot of Tommy Hudson's lost notes were discovered in the cholera hospital at Lahore. Old woman sunstruck in Angas-street on Sunday afternoon. Taken to hospital and died. There is in England a goat society, which has for its object the improvement of the goat. Mr. Arthur Wade, a new tenor, is to appear on the English boards. He is a son of Canon Wade. Statistics show that for every 50 English- men who insure their lives there are 100 Scotchmen. Dr. B. W. Richardson, of London, con- siders tricycling a beautiful art and an intel- lectual pursuit. Baron Tennyson is now one of "the partridge breeders of a thousand years" he used to sneer at. Tommy Hudson has had another surprise. Some of the notes stolen from him at Lahore have been found. Henry Sanders, once a land agent, thrown from his horse at Rose Bay, Sydney, yester- day. He is dead. A granddaughter of Charles Dickens is playing in Wills' and Hermon's new poetical drama "Claudian." Natural gas is being largely used in the United States. The Americans were always given to "gassing." An organ-grinder in Birmingham can earn £10 a week. Here a Cabinet Minister only earns twice as much. A correspondent wants to know whether the local option debate will be dry. It de- pends upon the weather. President of Local Government Board was relieved of a cigar-case and his secretary of a pencil in a low London slum. An American publisher offers Mr. Howells £1,000 a year simply for the privilege of publishing his novels in book form. When asked to dine at the Palace, Copen- hagen, Baron Tennyson had to decline, because he had no dress coat with him. The work of exploring the wrecks of the French men-of-war sunk in Aboukir Bay is to be resumed by Mr. Adib, of Alexandria. Professor Huxley says—"This is a very hard world, full of misery and struggling and destruction, where the weakest go to the wall." A "new-comer" wants to know why he is expected to endorse a cheque made payable to bearer on presenting it at an Adelaide bank. Some time ago an organ-grinder stated in our Local Court that he sometimes made £15 a week. There should be a rush for the crank. The policeman who attends Mr. Gladstone desired a loiterer near the treasury benches to "move on." The loiterer was the Earl of Derby. Miss Mary Anderson, the American actress, says she has not read the English criticisms on her performances yet, but will do so when she leaves England. The two unmarried daughters of Long- fellow, after studying at Newnham College for one year, will pass another year travel- ling in Germany and Italy. Lord Overstone twenty years ago conceived the happy plan of publishing a collection of extracts he had made in the course of his reading in English literature. A woman 83 years of age, who recently died in terrible destitution near Birmingham had £1,100 sewed up in a bodice. Signor Susini, the operatic singer, who was in Adelaide with the Coy Company, has been knocked down in London by a hansom cab and killed. He was 60 years of age. It is said that Signor Verdi, better known as Wm. Green, could not sing the English words in "Trovatore" when playing in Sydney, and had to resort to Italian. Although women have a right to vote in Wyoming they seem indifferent to exercising their franchise. One or two voted once on twice "to enjoy the novelty of the thing." Mr. Alfred de Rothschild, who is living in Bucks, has had his carriage lighted by elec- tricity in order that he may be able to read during his evening drives from Tring station. The reverses of fortune are wonderful. The wife of a Chicago millionaire who failed, a year ago is now a clerk in a New York house, at which in times of prosperity she purchased an aggregate of £8,000 worth of curios and antiquities. A person, calling himself the collector of a port in Maryland, has been drawing his salary from the United States Government; for over a quarter of a century. It has now transpired that the port was washed away by the sea fifty years ago. Schiller in 1780 tried his powers as an actor, but was a thorough failure. The pathetic parts he rendered boisterously. When supposed to be moving "in great con- fusion on his chair" Schiller writhed about with such wild contortions that the audience expected to see both chair and himself topple over. 