ST. SAvIousn's CAT'HEuAL ORiAN U FUND.--On Tuesday last a bazaar was held in the hall of the mechanics' institute in aid of St. Saviour's Cathedral organ fund. The attendance during the afternoon was only moderate, the heat of the weather no doubt keeping nmany persons away. There were two refreshment stalls, at which were obtainable a supply of cooling drinks, and they appeared to do a fair business. The contro table was devoted to fancy goods of a vcry choice description. Thoe various tablesa were presided over by the following ladies: No. 1 refreshment table, Mesdames Alexander, Botts, and Shepherd; No. 2 refreshment table, Misses Phillips and Shepherd; fancy table, Mesdames A. S. Chisholm, Gentle, and Pul'dicombc, and Misses Simons, Maybnry, and Davidson. The attendance greatly increased in the evening, when a promenade concert was held, at which a choir of about twenty voices creditably rendered several wellt.nown and favourite glees. Mr. W. T. Wood acted as conductor, and Messre. Burry and Harmer as accompanists. Tie firt performance was an instrumnental duct by Messrs. Bntry and Langdown on tile piano and violin, which droew forth applause from tile audience. The choir next gave thie ehors, Let the Hills lResound with Soug, which was very well received. A solo, entitled Once Again, which was thbo gem of the evening, was next rendered by Miss Percival. A glee by the choir, entitled The Belfry Tower, followed, and received well-deserved applausO. A solo, entitled Vanity, was well sung by Mr. Burry, and was favour. ably received. The well-known glee, Men of Harlech, was next given by the choir. The concert was con cluded by the choir singing the glee entitled Sweet is the Hour of lRest. The Venerable Archdeacon Puddiconmbe thnked thle workers, and especially those not connected with the cathedral, for their assistance, and announced that shortly a monster teamicating would be held, by which li hoped ani ianotmt would be raised which woulld nearly complete the vuui required for the new. organ. The bazaar was clos,'d with the Natiounl Anthem. Tlhe com. mitlee expect the proceeds will amount to about t:10. Ii cIxrA.L.-Mr. I. Davis, formerly of Gininderra, inow of Woiodhousefoigh, has ;kept i record of the rainfall for some years, whlch il has k]indly placed at oar disposal. Flrom 1531i5 to 1876, the rreceord is for Ginindella, sad the totals were:-18635, 8.2:8; 18(iG, 21.18 ; 1867, 32.21 18118,22.31 ; 18119,29 80; 1870, 49 71; 1871,28.12; 1872, 33.2 ; 1873, 29.60 ; 1871, 253.11; 1875. 21.1 ; 15h., 22.33. Thi years 1877 acid 1878 were missed. From 1879 to 188:13 the r, cord is foir \VWiodhilseleiglhs as follows:-1879, 10.13; It 80, 29.2d ; 1881, 21.41 ; 1882, 21.01:3 ; 1883, 23.501. The average for seventeen years was 27.75 per year. The average for the live years at Wood. houseleigh was 28.21. From the record of the rainfall at Go!lburn for thie Iast live years, published in a lecent issue, we deduce an average of 23.35, showing a dilfeieuce of about five inclles per year in favour of Woodhuuseleigh, which lies about eighteen miles distant in a north-westerly direction. Busull.FsEs. - Volcumles of smoklie were rOising yesterday froil a buushlire beyond Kingsdale, to the north-west of (ioulburn ; while southwards a long line of smoke over the plains indicated fire in that direction. Between Marulan and Paddy's River yesterday bush lires were raging on both sides of the road, and one of the cultet lv was burning. Reports of dcstrnctive lircs also conme froln Borrima, Bowral, Moss Vale, and Sutton lorest. C.nEL.css Use or Inc.--At the police court yesterday a man named John Ferguson, a awagsmaon or traveller, was convicted on the charge of lighting a fire in one of Mr. Douglas's paddocek at Inver. alochy, and was sentenced to a month's hard labour in Goulburn jail. This should servo as a caution to persons of this character, who by their culpable carelessness are the frequent cause of disastrocus lires. (loUI.nIUno Mrcu:llAeF' IssTlrvrTe.-Tho annual meeting of this instituto will be held this evening at hall.past seven. The report with accompanying Ialance-sheets ihas been printed in pamphlet form for circulation amongst members. The business of the mceting conmpises the consideration and adop. tion of the report, and the election of committee for the cnsuing year. There is also on the paper a notice of motion for closing the reading.room on Sundays during the summer months. It is hoped there will be a good attendance of members. Ixusor,.sscx.-John Leamey of Goulburn intends to apply to the chief commissioner of inaolvent estates for a certificate of conformity on the 26th February next.-Surrender: James H. Caldwell of Harden, storekecper's assistant. Liabilities, £202 16/4; assets, £4d 8/6. Mr. M'Nab, official as0ig8ee, I; is PEIle y;:v'i Coxcl;tr at thile cchallic' innti Inti ye?trolllVy evening was fairly attended ; the hont =eats in particular beiutg well filled. The putmmn pas:.;ed off with spirit. Some farther notice will he gieen in our next issue. 'tll; 'IN. that at n ca;bilet council held on Tuleday it was de termined that the colonial treaoueor should deliver hie financial statement on WcdnetIeday next. Large amounts of duty continue to be paid at the custom house on articles which, it is conljectured, meay be subjected to increasetd taxation. io'llAilAl:NcureaY DEbATING SoCICl.T.--This society met pursiuant to adjournment on Mouday evening. There was a fair atteldance. The Rev. F. Tait (-1eaker) ocupied the chair. A disceusesion eisnied under a motion of adjournment. The Land Bill was withdrawn. The ministry introduced a bill to extend the franchise to women. After considerable discussion a division was taken, and the proposal was rejected by a small majority. As the opposition did not wish to make the question a party one, the ministry did not resign. The h ouse adjourned till MIonday next. NAallAwa.-A correspondent at Narrawa, on tlhe Fish River, writes as follows under date 1.4th inst.: 'The weather is hot and dry, and rain is badly wanted. Feed is plentiful. There is no stock paso. ing, on account of the scarcity of water. The Fish IRivcr is drying up rapidly." Tnucl;lo or SToco.-The question whether any improvement can be effected in the division of the trucks for the carriage of sheep has been under the consideration of the railway department. It would seen that with the present loading-stages the load ing of the tracks, if divided, would be considerably delayed, and the question to be determined is the best means of overcoming this difficulty, whether by altering the races at all the stock-loading stations, or by adopting a system of divisions which, being portable and not lixed, would render uonucessary tihe altrations'to the races. Mr. iGebrge Evans has patented a trueck which is said to have advantages either as a cattle, sheep, or merchandise truck, and which provides ingeniously for the subdivision of the truck in ti?e evnt of its being used for the carriage of sheep. As the question is one affecting the three brauches of the railway departmout, namely, tile permanent way, tihe carriage and truck department, and tile traflic department, an oficer from each of these brauches of the service has been appointed a member of a board to inquire into and rerport upon the matter. The board will consist of Mr. F. M. Avern, tire engineer of the permanent way for the wcestern district; Mr. T. Midleton, locomotiveo over seer ; and Mr. D. IKirlaldie, assistant tranic-manager. Tihe opportunity has been taken to give effect to the resolution passed in the Legislative Assembly, ion Mr. Wilklinson's motion, that a board should be ap pointed to inquire into the conduct of tihe stock tratlic generally; and the board referred to will therefore be e prepared to receive the evidence of any person who may desire to give any information on the subject.-S, H.. Herald. En:srTccTIVE Busu-Fines . n Eon W.toa Wocas. trepotts of losses by bush-fires in the neighbour hood continun to arrive. On Thursday last a fire occurred on Bourambula run, in the occupation of Messrs. Donnelly Brothers. It is reported to have conllnenced near a spot occupied by a Eurvey Camp, which left about four days previously. Eight mun were on the alert befor an nacre of grass had been destroyed, but wvelo powerless in their efforts to stay the progress of the flamnes, one gust of tl;e wind which was blowing at the time causing the fire to spread a distance of a hundred yards. The glass in the fattening paddock (L'annikin paddock) and on Grecn'a Flat has been destroyed, so that there is little or no pasturago on the river frontage. It is estimated that about ten thousand acres of grass have been destroyed, together with about eight miles of fencing. Nearly sixty men from the ad. joining stations lent their assistance in getting the lire under, which was effected on Sunday night, hut fears were entertained on Monday, owing to the strong wind blowing, that another outbreak would occur. The tire was blown across tile river on to Mr. James Beveridge's land, and about two thousand acres of grass on this run were burnt. There were twenty tholsand sheep and a number of cattle on Borarmbula at tile time of the lire, and these were removed safely. It is estimated that the loss to Messrs. Donnelly Brothers will be about three thousand pounds. Last week one thousand acres of grass on Marar Run were destroyed by fire, being on land occupied by Messrs. It. Cox, McFarland, and BRobets. A osall loss has also been sustained by Mr. J. King on the Bulleubong run.-Express. Cooi,.ato..-Tho inhabitants of Coolanmou are do. pendem t upon private sources for their water.supply, and during the present dry wcather these supplies are rapidly diminishing, while the owner of the water may at any time be compelled to decline to part with further supplies. In this case there will be absolutely none for public use. The trucking. yards erected by the government are at the present time totally useless, owing to thi abscuce of a general wator-supply. Whmn the government settle townships like Coolnmoni, the first consideration should bh the provision of anl eficient supply. The present is a glaring instanco of the injudicious sottlo. inent sought to be effected by some governments.- Wagga Wagga Express. TIsE Lo'rn Srooni AT QuLcN?sluseibN.-LOn last Satur. day afternoun, about four o'clock, a terrific hail. storm broke over Queanubyau. The heat of the day had been intense; but early in the afternoon tlhunderclouds rose in the south and west, and there was considerable thunder and lightning as the after noon wore on. At the hourenamled the storm-clouds drew very near, and the wind rose high, bringing down a few scattered hailstones largo as marbles. Presently they descended more plentifully, and many of them of larger dimensions, and accompanied by rain. The wind was now due south, and blowing a perfect hurricane, hurling largo hailstones and irregular-shaped pieces of transparent ice with great force. In a very short time the gutters and. drains wle choked with the accumulated hail, and water, breaking from its ordinary channels, overflowed everywhere. The streets were quickly flooded and impassable; and through many dwellings the water nulde its way in torrents. A great many windows facing the south were broken, nsd other damage done to house property. The injury done to gar doens, orchards, and vineyards was also very serious. Vegetable crops were cut to pieces and battered into the ground; under fruit.trees the ground was com pleltly carpeted with leaves and fruit; while the broad leaves of grape-vines were cut into ribbons, the borries and even whole bunches of grn:pes lying thick uldoruesth the vines, llany of which were completely stripped of fruit and leaves together. The river rose llmost suddenly several feet, bringing down all kinds of debris, and as suddenly again fell to its ordinary level. The duration of the storm was about an hour, and It was very circumscribed in its limits. The hail fell so thick and fast though, that for 5a time it lay in deep drifts and ridges, and mantled the house-tops like snow. Even on the following morning it had not all disappeared. The violence of tbo storm prevented tihe water from pene. trating the soil to anlly appreciable extent; though amongst its benelicial effects must bhe reckoned the purging of the stagnant water of the river, and the fillisng of a few tanks and dams.-Queaonbyau Age. Ic.tslsl.-As it is probable an immediate adsvance of the Frenich in force will be made on Biacninh, the following description of the place may prove in. teresting to our readers:-" As a position Bacuinh is not a place which gives the Chinaman much chance. The fortress is a quadrilateral furnished with bastions, and like all the others in Tonquiu, is of the Vauban type. When last a European was there tie few guls mounted were honeycombed with age. Possibly there is something more formidable there nowO; but in any ease it does not much matter, for the plae is commanded by somne low hills from a quarter to hall a mile distant. These eminences are perfectly devoid of vegetation, and offer, therefore, no dilliculties in getting the guns into position. It is, however, in mnaking their way to these hills that the French will find the troublo. Unlikeo the majority of Eastern toIwns, Bacninh does not stand on a river. It is about two miles from the Thai-binh arm of the Song-koi delta, and four from Do-ho, a small village onil the Sung chi canal. From this latter place is anll 'imperial road' to Bacuinh. This load is however a mere delusion. It is no cmbankment about a yard wide, worn away by the floods in many plactes, and probably nowhere able to support the weight of field artillery. Apart from the fact that it is in the occupation of the Chinese, the town is of no ill. portance. There are not more than five or six hundred thatched houses, arranged in a semicircle outside the fosso of the citadel. These houses are, however, surrounded with high bamboo and cactus fences, and are scattered about regardless of orde:r in a tangle of bamboo clumps and pahultrees. If r:glreat is cut off, there may therefore be same desperate fighting before the place is taken. The thermometer at Wagga on Monday reached 112 ill the shade. At Gtudagai in a stone house, one of the coolest in the place, the glass registered 108. it:lSTrnoATrIO.--sMr. II. II. Lublin Ihs been ap pointed assistant registrar of births, deaths, and marriages for the district of Murrumbidgee, at Uraua.-from the 8Ith December. TIt \tiu:-3M.als;.--t is notified in Tuesday's Govern ment Gazette that Meosts. Walter AkhBurt & Co., for and on behalf of Messrs. J. and J. Hayes of Goulburo, haisi applied to register a trade-mark of the following description, viz. :-The words and name "Lily of the Valley, J. and 3. Hayes, Patent Flour, City Mills," which trade-mark is intended by Messrs. J. and .f. Hayes to be applied to ilour. Unless any valid objecotioos be raised, a cettiicatu entilling them to use the same will be issued in fourteen days from date of notification. Mn. WtLLr.iA C. W.iTs, the city surveyor of Melbourne, died on Sunday at his residence, Caul field, from softening of the brain, supposed to have been induced by too close application to his duties. HIe was forty-five years of age; he had been fourteen years in the ollice of city surveyor, and twenty years iu the service of the council. About a month ago lie obtained twelve months' leave of abseuce. The Melbourne Argus says his duties of lato rather over taxed his powers, and a valuable life has been lost through Mr. Watts not having asked for his holiday some time sooner. Almost at the very hour the deccased geutlemanu passed away his wife gave birth to a child. MIl. ItI EslONa COariu. ar-n-In La lo CoUrso ot a speeclh which Mr. M. Elhone M. 1'. made at Botanuy no Monday, ho regretted that he was very oftlen ut to gut hold of a btory aud giru lheed to it wilthout taking tlhe trouble to iniquiro whether it had good foundatlion in trulth, and ou tho strength of the rep resontatious madlu to him, be would rush at the malter, wlbateter it might be, like a bull at a gate. Thio soienwhot unleapected coiifeasion wos received by Mr. Ml Eilounc'o auldieiccu with cheers.-Jaily Telegrapli. Ticl Ove:nrtl:, E isriEs.-Tlhe Now Suutli Wtluc and Viclorian lailway duparlmnouuts buavu liually ngreed uto theli prsiposal recnully submiltted for sahioitoning tho hium soi occupird by the ocerliad xpreaCd btileeI Syduey and Melbourne. Uuder the riw ararugrnement, wlhichi nill come into opera tiou willlth tle Isse of tbo new timnu-lntablus on tio Itii l'ebruary, tLie eapress.train will lcavu Sydney at 3 p.mi. s ait preeCut, but will arrivO in Albhcry ait G inistrad of 7 a.m.; it will luavo Albury at 5-15 islclad iof 7.10, and arrivo at Wodonga at (i.2b Sydiiey tilmo aud 5.57 Melbourn timue, iustead of 7.20 Sydocy time and 0.55 lMelbourio tnue. TIho clxpress-tlrain to Syduey will start from Albury at 11.15 p.m. ans at present, and arvieC at 12.30 p.m. iiiinatla f 1.13 pin , thlu comaplelitig tim jouiriioy uo Ilhour aund tifticenu miniutes nuicber ilia, at prescut.-Mclbourno Argns. PcunLie ScuooLs.-Tho appointniuut of tie under mentioned teachers to tie puosiiuoiis and scuhools npceihied iin coniiection wilh stheir roopectivc camicos has beii gizcetted :-Mics Agnes O'Hule, assistant, public schoul, Moss Vale; Mrs. 1F. M. JlIT, wurk. cistrecss, publie schlool, Hlay. Arrosiinil:NTis.-'Tlie followicig 1cin applointlUaents hlave bucn mado by tbo govremincit :-Captlin ii . D. Mnckeain.iu, N. . W. Aitillery, to be brigicdl manjor duriig the absece oni leacve ef Lieunlencos Coluoel Chrialiu; Captain Compton, instructor in muscketrv to the military fores of tIike colony, to be advcunccd to tie rank of major; Mr. Osburno Wil shile, forest roauier at umlnnaa, to be assitanut inu ipector of 1sgheries no tllm hirer Mucrrcay nid adjoecut cealero. Tuc Purvr.AiIo: or New GuvrA.e-The special correspondeut of thu Brisbanuoe Courier in New (Guinea nccompauies his recent letters by some iuteresting calculations of the probable population of the islanud. liu has now mIado himself acquuaited with a strip of country extending over about 430 miles of the cuast.line, with an averagC depth of 15 miles inland. Inhabiting this c.uutry li enumerates 13 tribes, with a total population of about 98,000 souls. These figures give about 42 acres of laud to each individual. Now there are two estimates of the area of New Guinea. According to the one the island contains 230,100,000 acres, and according to the cther 202,163,200 acres. Assuming the aveoage density of population throughout the island to be equal to that in the portion with which he is ac quaiuted, he estimates that the country contains either 5,185,954 or 4,765,790 people, according to the area adopted. SUNsTolloti.-As people are now very liable to suffer from affections caused by exposure to the sun, it will be well for theom to take precautions agaiust this danger as far as theloy cau. Midday, when the sun's rays are vertical, is the most dangerous time, but still people are liablo to be affected at other times, and those peculiarly so who are not accus tomed to severe sunniung. Medical testimony goes to allow that the danger is doubled when the atmosphere is loaded with moisture. The symptoms are giddiness, sickness of the stomach, and severe headache. The following treatment will be found sale, and we publish it for tihe benefit of persons who may be unable to readily obtain medical advice:-" Bleeding is unuccessary in thlis attack, as in concussion of the brain. In both the nervous system has suffered a shock, and our object is to help it to rally and recover. The symptoms in sunstroko indicate congestion of the brain, which is bust relieved by cold applicationsoto the head anud warmth to the extremities. All ligatures .about the neck and waist should be removed, and the head being raised moderately should be kept cold by wet cloths frequently renewed, or by ice, or dropping cold water slowly on tile bead; and to rouse the vital energy, sixty minims of sal volatile, or twelve drops of fluid diluted ammonia, in a wiuoglassful of warm water, slould be given every hour. If sal volatile be not at hand, half a glass of brandy and water may be substituted, and followed by a cup of tea; while a mustard- plaster is applied over the stomach, and the feet aro kept warm by bags of heated salt, or heated bricks rolled in flannel." Cootamundra Herald. Tne BOARDING-OUT SYasTE AND TIaE MDICAL Paor?essson.-From a report read at the last meeting of the state children's relief board, it appears there are now 500 children bearded out. It is observed that the medical profession in many instances appear to be actuated by a praiseworthy spirit of beonevo. lence in reference to the boardedoout children. In the Goulburn district, for instance, where there were nearly 100 children placed out, Dr. Gentle J.P. had given medical advico.gratuitously for nearly three years, and during the same period Mr. HIllis, chemist, had supplied medicines without charge. At Newcastle, Dr. Richard Harris had given both advice and medicines without charge for upwards of two years; and Dr. T. Knaggs and Dr. John Harris had also never charged fees for medical ad vice, while at Maitland the fees of Drs. Morson anod Blackwell had been merely nominal. Sun)res DrATI AT M?IC.rLA.o.-M-r. John Downie J.P., formerly superintendent of the Illillawa station near IIy, who latterly resided with Mr. A. iyrie M.L.A., at Micalago, died suddenly on Sunday morning. An inquest was to be held on Monday. FATALITY AT WALLEc.nwasu.-Lithgow, Tuesday. -A sad accident occurred at 'Wallerawaug at about one o'clock this morning. A shunter named Love. rose, who was unmarried, was engaged sbunting some trucks, when be fell or was kuocked under a waggou, the wheels of which passed over his thighs and abdomen. The poor fellow lingered in great agony until about three a.m., when he expired. Telegram to Evening News. Mr. Richard T. Booth, the Gospel temperance missionary, arrived at Adelaide on Friday by the steamer Orient. H will commenco his Australian mission in Melbourne. IMPOUNDED AT QULANUDYAN, on 8th JanUarIY, from Burrs; sum due set after each animal :-Bay horse, M over 0 near shoulder, I N over O near side, stripe down face, collar marked, piilled tail, aged, 16I hands; 11/6; back horse, indescribable brand like o (writ ,ng capital) near shoulder and rurmp, star, short pulled tail, collar and saddle marked, aged, 16 hands; 10/6. To be sold on 21th January. ItrPOUNsrD AT rl'l'rsos;; suol due, 3!31: Roan cow, E over N (writing capital) oln rump, G over 8 on back, aged. To be sold on 9th February. Isrousrou AT BURLLANGONs, on 8tll Janlury, from Gleunore:--Chestnut mare, B over GB near shoulder, FG over triangle near shoulder, wound under belly, aged, 15 hands. To be sold 31st January. IIPOUNDEDo AT CAnLcouA, on 12th January, from Carcoar town commonon; sum due at date of notice 9/- each:--Roan horse, 5 over Wi (the W writing capital) near shoulder, bay spots about the body, star or few white hairs in forehead, mark of old sore on back and wither, broken, aged, about 15 hands; dark bay or brown mare, H over 7 or rg near shoul. der, long star or stripe, small snip, draught breed, about three years, about 15 hands. To be sold 31st January. IaoosuN:oD AT GoUNDAI0oo, on 10th Jaunary, from Gulndaroo town colUeOon ; sucn due, 9/G :-Spotted cow, MW over , off ribs; calf at foot. To be sold 31st January. It is impossible to remain long sick or out of health where Hop Bitters are used, See another advt. SALE o01 TUE NEPros TeoWES STOCK.--Tho herds of shorthlern cattle founded twenty-four years ago by tihe late Dr. It. L. Jenkins, together with horse- stuck, sheep, nod pigs, were in accortdance with the founder's will, dispersed on Tuesday by Messrs. yanu, Harmnsuld, uand Donkin. The sale was rather extensively advertised, nod there fore it was not astonishing to find the attendance large. In fact no event of the kind which has occurred during the past four years was better attended. No fewer than 400 su'rrounded the sale ring. Beforo Mr. Beveridge, the auctioneer, com meoced operations a brief iuterral was allowed for refreshmrent and inspection, and before noon the first lot was placed in the ring. The stock as a whole were iu good condition. Each lot had its pen, and on this was posted the particulars of pedigree, Ac. The first stock offeredered re the draught mares. Theseo brought remarkably good prices, which ranuged from 16( to 73 guineas, the latter sunm being paid by Mr. S. HIorderi for Lady Sampson, with a foal at foot. Six mares realised 223 guineas. A couple of eart colts brought 35 guineas, a colt by The Barb 8 guineas, and three blood fillies, 31. guineas. Alter lunch, the cattle were paraded, and, despite the bad season and low prices ordinarily ruling-in fact unexpectedly-the bidding throughout proved brisk and the competition keen. The highest figure of the day was obtained for Prince Leopold, a level well. shaped three.year.old white bull by Victoria's 3rd The. odore, dam Isabella, whlil,, after some brisk bidding, fell to Mr. Holmes, for 150 guineas. Tie chiam. pion bull, Victoria's 3rd Theodore, appeared later in the day. He was slightly lame, but yet displayed good qualities. Mr. A. Loder of Colly Creek ob-. tained him for tihe rather low price of 93 guineas. In all, 15 bulls were sold for 762 guineas, an average of about 51 guineas. The sale of the females, although the entire catalogue was not cleared, was almost as successful. Messrs. A. Loder, S. Ho,rderu, W. A. B. Greases, Simpson, and Jenkins purchased extensively. The lots were knocked down briskly. The highest priced heifer was Princess Beatrice, a five-year-old, by Victoria's 3rd Theodore, which was bIought by OMr. Simpson of Bou Accord, Darliung Downs, for 100 guineas. Meombers of the Princess Theodore tribe brought 70 guineas each. Of the females catalogued ,l6 head were sold for 8000 guineas, an average of about 25 guineas. Twelve head heifers brought aun average of 6 guineas each. The pigs and shep, although well bred, proved rather unsaleablo; a few of the former sold at 2 guineas per head. The total amount of the sale wsas £2300. -S. M. Herald. FIciKLyE LOVe.-The Newcnstle Herald says:--A neat and dapper maiden, jet. about twenty.two, was engaged to marry a Newcastle Lochiuvar the other day. The aiaxious one saw his bridlo.elect off by tlhe mail-train to Armidale, on a visit to her mother. When there, a second gay Lothario met, conversed, conquered, and married the tickle fair one, all within forty-eight hours This is a true bill.-Need we point a moral? Tue Vicroet.i WESItye.N MrETrIO ist CoS. ros.jjoe.--Melbornro, Tuesday.-The annual sit tiig of the Wesleyan Methodist Conference was commenced to.night. The 11ev. Henry Bath was elected president for the ensuing year. Thei Rev. E. J. Watkins, the retiring president, delivered an address, in which he reviewed the events of the year connected with the church, and spoke earnestly in favour of a union of the Methodist churches of Australia, Referring to the Salvation Army, the speaker said that it was doing a great deal of good, although he could not approve altogether of its conduct, especially with regard to the apparout flippancy with which the sacred names were uttered at its meetings and printed in its publications. Telegram to Daily Telegraph. A firm is about to start business retailing sea water in Melbourne for bath purposes. An earthquake shock is reported to have been experienced in the Castlemaine district (Victoria) on last Thursday evening. Locusts are said to be visiting certain parts of the western district of Victoria in large numbers. The last train from Colac on Saturday evening was detained for two hours, owing to the rails being made slippery by a swarm of these insects settling on them and being crushed. It is estimated that the wheat harvest of Victoria and South Australia this season is worth about £9,000,000. Several vessels recently arrived in Australian ports, report having passed through largo masses of pumice.stono floating on the sea in the vicinity of Java. A crushing of 231 toins from the Wilmot Extended, at Gyimpio, has yielded the large return of 41029 oz. of retorted gold. Mr. Bruce Smith, M.L.A. for Guudagai, is on a visit to his constituents, and was entertained at a public dinner at Gundagai on Tuesday evening. An inch of rain fell in some parts of tho e udgeo district on Saturday last. 