MONDAY, JUNE 30, 1884. Among the social questions of the day not the least important is the proposal to give the suffrage to women. And when one re members the strides that questions of a kindred character have made, both in the the old world and the new during thel last quarter of a century, the wonder is that the ladies have not long ere this es tablished their right to be considered poli tically, as they are by universal consent socially, the " better half" of humanity. Various theories hare been started, and various objections have been raised against the idea of female suffrage. \Vo. man's proper work, it is said, can always be found in the daily round of domes tic duties, in the care of the young, and in missions of charity and kindness. All very true, and very proper. But it has yet to be discovered that in allowing her to ex ercise a voice in thie making of the laws under which she is governed, and especi ally of those which affect the happiness and well-being of the domestic hearth, she would be rendered one jot less fit to dis charge the proper duties of her station, or that she could become a less valuable por tion of the body politic in any conceivable relation of life. For many years past women have exercised a vote, as property holders, in Local Government atfairs, and not a solitary complaint has yet been heard that the experiment has worked unfairly, or that it has in any way given dissatisfac tion. If then, our wives and daughters, aye, and our mothers, cousins, and aunts for that smatter, can ie entrusted with the voting power inl separate clsommsnities with manifest advantage to society at large, what possible risk of disa'dvantage or of bjecctionable consequences could there be in allowing theim the same privi lege on a larger scale 1 " Bnt," say ob jectors, " You surely would not give mar ried women a vte in comnmon with their husbands? that would he giving some men double voting power." Yes we wruldl; and as to the double voting power, the answer is obvious--married men, soscially at all events, have always double, and ge nerally mnore than double the stake inl the welfare and prosperity of the country in which they live, and as subjects they are far more valuable citizens thau their un married neighbourz. Besides, if the fran chise is to be extended to women at all, it would be quite impossible to exclude mar ried women, while girls of twenty-onewere allowed to vote. Sso that from wlhatever aspect viewed, no equitable reason could be urged against allowing the wife as well as the husband to exercise a voice in the clhoice of the men who are to be the law makers of the country. Much of the legis lation of the colronies is almost wholly of a domestic character, for having no army and navy, and no " foreign policy" to dis tract our attention from home affairs, we have to work out the single problem of the best method of self- government. So the colonies present the most inviting because in every way the imost suitable field for in troducing into political life the experiment of female suffrage. We have already in troduced manhood sutllnage anid thebdlot, and doubtless paved tie way for their adoption throulIghout the United Kingdom. We may, therefore, fairly go a step fur ther and abolish the distinction itf sex in a matter affecting the government of the country, when the sacred prerogative of the lords of creation to rule is in no degree assailed by the concession Wise govern ment, equitable laws, and the various enactments relating to the liberty of the subject have just as much interest for our sisters as for ourselvesi, and much of the legislation constantly added to the statute book even more nearly affects them. So far then fromn depriving them ,f a voice in the constitution of our laws, we might often with manifest advantage, take them into our public, as well as into our private councils, and seek their eopinion and ad vice. Theoretically ire extend equal rights to both sexes, and only short of making them magistrates or members of the legis lature, there is probably no reason why rwomean should not enjoy equal powers. The s.s. Lusitania arrived at Port -Phillip fHeads at 2.23 a,m. yesterday morning, and was expetoed to reach Hobson's Bay at U a.al. The Inuster and registration of stock on the Sale Borough Commons , for the quarter endinig 30thl Septembler. is iannouncedi to be held on the 9th July, and three following days. Copies of the voters lists for the Borough of Sale are notified as being open for inspec tion from the 2nd ts ttie 7th prox. 'o-morromw will he observed thlroglhout the colony as a general holiday, and all tie banks and pbllie offices will be closed, HIer Majesty's ihth ibirthday being this year ob served on that day in lieu of tile 24th May. ill consequence of the ldeath of the Duke of Al?any. The Sale Football Club goes to Y?iralgon to play thie local club, the \latfra k4s{?it? Clitlb hild their secoal Imeeting of . ecison at ilt loiadle In ti the epsing there Sto be a cocevt at'llosedale, in aid of the manse fuind of the Presbyterian Church; and at the Victoria Hall, Sale, the Church of Fnsgland commnittee hIoll a promenade con cert, at which the winning numbers in the art iunion of goods left nusold at tihe recent Ibazaar andi fancy fair, will he declaredl Tihe State school children have a holiday both today antd to-morrowr, Accounts are at the Receipt and Pay Ollice for S. Wilson, and R. Stellwag. Alterations are shortly to be made in the railway time-table for the Gippsland line. In our advertising columns this morning will be found the programme of the concert to be held at Stratford next Friday evening, in aid of the building fund of the new Catho lic Church, now nearly completed. There are no less than twenty-four items on the list, and they comprise some well- known songs and two or three pieces of classical music. Among the singers are Miss Sinnott, Mrs Gilchrist, Miss Tunbridge, and Messrs. White, Henderson, Daniel, Gamble, Clues, Walters, Scanlon, and M'Gonigal. The in strumentalists are the Misses Daniel, Tun bridge, Bolden, Miss C. Bolden, and ttr Earnest Barker. The night will be bright moonlight, and should the weather prove fine there can be no doubt the building will be filled to its utmost capacity. A meeting was held at the Longford hotel oni Saturday cveting last. for the purpose of choosing a candidate to represent the lose datelc Riding of the Shire at the forthcomting election in August. Owinlg however, to the paucity of the attendance no action was taken. It is definitely understood that Mr Greenwell the retiring councillor will again come forward, and Mr P. Mangan has also announced his intention to contest the seat. We nmch regret to learn that .as. Ashton, the jockey, who was admitted to the hospi tal a few days ago, suffering from serious internal inljurics, caused whilst schooling a horse over jlumps onl the racecourse, otc. cumbed from the effects of his injuries in the above institution on Saturday night. His remains will be interred in the Sale ceme tery to-morrow afternoon. The 3.15 p.m. train to- morrow will take from Sale, 2 trucks of pigs for Messrs Adam: Non and Co., 2 trucks of cattle for Me*ssrs King and Company, I truck for Messrs R. Gibson and Co., 5i trucks from Roscdale for the same firm. 2 trucks for Mr J. G. Dong harty, 1 truck for MessrsDal. Campbell and Cot. The 4.5 p.m. train will take from Sale, 11 trucks from the same firm, 2 trucks for Messrs lialeiglh, Aitkin, and Co. The 6 p.m. train will take 5 trucks for Messrs Dal. Campbell and Co., I truck for Messtrs A. M1'Lean and Co., 2 trucks for MIr J. G. Dougharty, 3 trucks fromt Ilosedale for Messrs A. M'Lean and Co., I truck for Messrs Powers, Ilntherford, and Co. The 7.20 p.m. train will take from Sale, 5 trucks for tile same firm, 5 trucks for M.r E. A. Paterson, 4 trucks for Messrs A. M'lLean anti Co. The 1.40 p.m. train from Heyfield will take 3 trucks for Messrs King and Com pany, 2 trucks for Messrs Peck and C'o, 4 trucks from Coswwar for tile same firm, I truck for Messrs I)al. Camlpbell and Co., 2 trucks from Traralgon for the same firm, I track from Moriwell for Mr Geo. H{owat, I truck for Messrs I:. Gibson and Co. The 3.30 p.m. train from lteylield will take 5 trucks for Messrs A. .'l.ean and Co, . truclks for Messrs Rtyan and HIammond, ": trucks for Mr E. A. P'aterson, I truck for Messrs Peck and Co. The total number of trucks loaded on all the lines for this Cweek's market is 130 .ir Thomas Johnstone, whose conllection with the well ainl favourably known grocery Iusiness at The Corner has ceased for sonae years past, annotunces in oar advertising columns that hle intends, in the course of at few days, to re-conlmetnce business in the above establishment, with a large and well assorted stock of groceries, wines and spirits, etc., purchased direct from the importers. Amongst the mutltifsrions duties that Mr Stavcley his to perform, is that of joining persons in the holy hands of matrimony. On Saturday last he had an opportunity of displaying his alility to act as the " parson," and performed the ceremon3 with that snavity and courteonsness of manner which is the distinguishing characteristic of the country from whence lie hails. W'e are not in a position to state whrethcr lie performed the time-honored custom of saluting the bride, sbut have no doubt that gallantry, which is also a conspicuous trait ill tile character of all true horn sonis of Erin, did not forsake himt, and that lie practically demonstrated that he was as Ctequal to the situation on this, as he proved himself to be on a formler occasion. We learn from a gentleman residing at Bairnsdale that "sonime of the business men there are contemplating the estalblishment of another local Steam Navigation Co , with the purpose in the first instance of securing the Bruthetn and Tamtno trade for laiirsdale. Sholld the smaller venture prove successful, the operations of the new company will bhe extended to the lakes generally." This has been tried befolre, and experience has demoon strated that there is not stiflicient traffic on the lakes and rivers for two rival comepanies. This new venture, if it ever assumes deinlite shape, will probably end as the tirst did, by the sale of the boat to the old established company. The body of the unfortunate seaman wtho wtas drowned at tihe Lakes Entrance through tile capsizing of a boat, int'hich were sCeve ral others, who had rowed on to the bar for the purpose of taking soundings, has not yet been recovered. We are informed by one of the crewst of the schooner Abstainer, which was lying at anchor inside the bar awaiting a favourable opportunity of putting to sea, and who w'as in the rigging of the schooner at the time of the accident, that he saw tile deceased, after the capsize, swimmning in with the aid of an oar, and sudldenly sink. ing never to rise again. It is generally sur misled (ays tile IB. and 13. Ness.<) by those nell acrquainted with the locality, that a sharkl pulled tite unfortunate msan unlder. It is well known that those scavengers abound at tile Entrance. It has ibeen decided to hold a conference of delegates from thie variots angling clubs and societies throsghost the colony. on Wednesday, the 6th August next. The initiatory steps in the matter have been taken by the Victorian Fish Protection As sociation, and it is expectesd that some dcle gates will atteld fromn tie neighhlouriog colonies. Thie chief olject of the conference will bie to conisder the hest means of accli matising andt afterwarlds protecting fish, anol withll this end in viewr the adlvisability of placing all waters stocked with tlsh under the charge of a trust will also be coInsidered. l'ersons interestedl are requested to commu uicatc with the secretary, MSr J. S. Cummnins, 57 Bourke-strect cast. Satrdsay last (28th inst) was the 46ith annliversary of the coroiation of Her Majesty the Qaecn, the ceremnony taking place at Westminstor Abbhey on the 28th June, 183S. It may bie interesting to state that tie Throne, so splendlid whein covereld with silk, velvet, anti gotl, is, in fact, only an "old oak chair," over eight hIundred years in use for tihe sante purpose. Its existence has hcan traced back to the tlays of lEdwartld. The woodl is very hiard and solid. The back and sides were formerly in varioas colours, antd the seat is made of a rough-lookiing sandstone twenty-six inchtes in length, scven tcen in blreadlth, and nineteen andl a half ia thickness, and in this stone lies the grand peculiarity of tie chair. XNitmberless legendas are told in connection with It, the troth protably being that it was originally taken from Ireland to Scotlandl, andt servotl at the coronation of the early Scottish Kings. The police have received information that tie hIeadliess skeleton of a man, who wtas probably a miner rcturning fromn Cobungra, hais bieen seen in a gully near tllat place. Tihe first discoverers state that the small bones of the feet hadl been burned off, pro hably by a bushfire, and as they had not tilme to ibring the remainder they abstractedl tie thigh and annt hone of the unfortunate as trophics of their find, and proceeded on their way. A police patrol has since been sent out to search for Ithe remains, libut tihe comuntry around Cobungrain s now entirely under snow, atnd the lquest catnnot now be tmade until apring. In connection with this oljcct (says the Jlvrald), tihe Chief Commis sioner of P'olice has directed the issoe of 500 calico placards. tdescribintg thle mlethodstl to I tli?~ated to restore tl-itly frozeh lperons tq life, swhich will be circilated in the Alpine districts. A writer in a London paper says:--"I continually see in thie newspaper allusions, to the excelleco of Australian mutton. It is cheap, anti it is four years ohl. But hluere is it to Ie ebought: Is it all tbsorled biy the West End butchliers and sold as Eng, lish muttot at Eiglish prices ?" Some weeks ago the Railways Commis sioners decided to increase the number of district tra?lic superintendents. so as to se cure a more complete supervision over our various systems of Railway. Under the old regime, our railways were supervised by four district superintendents, but the com missioners, being impressed with the fact that their districts were too large, decided to alter the system, and to divide the rail ways into six divisions, each to be under the local management of an inspector, who should have personal supervision over the tratfic, the stations. and emnployds. This decision meant the promotion of two officers to make up the six inspectors and also the tile re- arrangement of the divisions. After carefully considering the matter, the coin. missioners have fixed upon the appointments. In doing so, they havre been guided in their selection, not by seniority in the service alone, but by the qualifications of the officers themselves. The appointments have bcen made as follow :-Surburban lines, NMr Francis; Gippsland lines (exclusive of s:rbhurlan traffie). Mr Moore; North castern division, Mr Kibble; Western divi sitn, Mir Kirwin : Northern, or Murray di vision. 'Mr O'Connor: and Central division, MXr Mounle. The positions previously held by the gentlemen named were as follow: Mr Francis, acting-assistant general traffic manager; Mr Moore, south sorblrban and Gipsland traffic manager; MIr Kibble, North-eastern district trallfic manager; aMr Kirwan, stationmaster, Ballarat; .Mr O'Con nor, stationmaster, Seymour; and M.r Moule, stationmaster, Spencer-street. The appoint ments of the two additional inspectors will lead to various other promotions in the de. partment, which are now (says the Tel'. ngrph) under the commissioner's considera tion. The Ar.ga. has the following :--" The Rev. T. Cahill, S.J., in tile eloquent scr mon which he preached on behalf of the charities of " The Little sisters of the Poor," in St. Patrick's Cathedral on Sunday last, referred in grateful terms to the support given to Catholic charities by members of all creeds in Melbourne. He said :--" The spirit of true Christian charity reigns supreme in all classes in Victoria. One of the latest henevolent institutions is the Aus tin Hospital for Incurables, which does credit, not only to the noble-hearted lady who endowed it, but to the colony generally. It Ieded lbut the word in Melbourne, and public sympathy and public support were frequently given to aid any charitable work." The congregation at St. Patrick'son Sunday included milany Protestants, and it is to be hoped that others-Catholic as well as Pro tcstant--have sent liberal cheques to 'The Little Sisters,' as the collection at the cathedral was, ndelcr the circumstances, not equal to whalt it should have been." To which we may add, that the truly Catholic sentiment here alluded to hy the Rev. Flather Cahill has for a length of time existed in this district-existed too, to the satisfac tion and advantage of every section of so ciety, wholly unchallenged --until very re cently, when a eoltemporary wantonly attempted, happily though without success, to destroy it. Potatoes are now worth up to 3es per ton in Warrnambool, while a still higher price is ob,tainable for pink-eyes for seei purposes. At Belfast 40s per ton has been given. A Ilussian squadron of five war vessels is expected in Sydney shortly. lessrs Armifiel and O'Shea, of Mel ,iourne, who are interested in the alluvial leases at Buchanan's Spur and Horse Shoe Benl, Thomson River, visited the ground on Monday last, and obtained favorable prospects froim the surface, which has in hduced them (says tile Cl/roticle) to determine upon crecting powerful hydraulic machinery at an early date. A judge of the Supreme Court of Manru. tius, Mr C F. Williams, has been affected with a mania for collecting newspaper omis prints. These have now been collated and ar'ranged, and are to be pnllishled nllder the title of "' Jouralistic Jnmbles ; or, Trippings ill Type." Thile Isle of Man must be a desirable place for women to live in. It should be called the Isle of Women Thle political rights of woumte are recognised-the franchise having been conferred upon them by the iManx Re form Bill three years ago, and has been " working satisfactorily and.l peacefully." Wife-beating is unknown, and the unmarried are scarce after twenty-one years of age. The Scots' Church Bill was introduced to the Le,'islative Assembly on Wednesday by Mr Orkincy, with a petition from the con gregation prayiug that it be passed. MIr Wm. 1Mitchellnore elsewhere an. nounces that oni and after to-morrow lie will run a coach daily to ant front Newry to aitfra and Sale, for the conveyance of pas sengers and parcels. A meeting of the Sale Football Club will be held at the Royal Exchange Hotel this eveninug. 'The Stakes won at the late meeting of the North Gippsland Coursing Club will be paid over at tie Royal Exchange Hotel at 4 p m,. to-day. 