Till: Ot'c'Jts umf Mnmty Aiherlitrr clearly loe6 not know when it is defeated, though in the conduct of its very hopeless cam" paign against reason, justice, and commonseiisc, it is now compelled to evade discussion of the leal point at issue. The lieechwortb branch to the Upper Murray would cost £l 71,000, the Wodonga line to tho same terminal point would cost .£54,000; and it is for our contemporary to show why the extra expense of £117,000 should be incurred. Of course we are aware that no justification for such wanton extravagance can be reasonably urged, but the Advertiser is not bound by the limits of reason in this controversy, and can therefore give tho fuller play to its brilliant powers of imagination. In place of doing this, and arguing, however fallaciously, in support of tho principle at stake, tho Advertiser wanders off into a lengthy disquisition on the relative values of the land on the two rival routes—a mere side issue which cannot affect the main point, even if, as our contemporary asserts, the land between Wodonga and Huon's-lane be of greater value than tho land between Beeehworth and Yackindandah. But the Advertiser is scarcely ns ingenuous as it is ingenious in imputing to this journal an admission that the Yackandandah route was the more densely peopled. "We made no such admission directly or inferential])'. Our argument was directed against the abstract proposition that the compensation to bo paid on the resumption of laud in small holdings would bo loss, acre for acre, than when the land was in large holdings, and involved no admission one way or the other. It may further be pointed out that the Advertiser's rhodomontade about "consequential damages " in respect of some mythical injury to land on the Huon's-lane route by the severance of water supply, is simply moonshine. As a correspondent shows in a letter elsewhere, there are not two acres of landintheentirelength that willbe so injured- But wo repeat that this land-value question is altogether a minor consideration. If every aero of the land to be purchased on the Wodonga routo cost £5 per acre, and every acre on the Beechworth Zigzag only 5s. per acre, the cost of the mountain line would still be enormously in excess of the cost of constructing a railway by the nature] and proper route—via Wodonga. This is the first of the two greatest objections to the Beechworth line. The second is to be found in the fact that the expenditure of this enormous excess would actually do less good to the district to bo reached than the smaller outlay upon the dircct and less costly line. These two objections our contemporary has not yet answered, and indeed cannot answer; yet until they are answered the discussion of minor matters is but idle talk. Of course the Advertiser knows this as well as we do, and it certainly displays a marvellous amount of obstinacy in continuing the contest. Any journal might make a decent fight for good cause and in the support of a really honest claim, but it requires something more than ordinary assurance to persevere in the assertion of a demand which every impartial newspaper referring to the subject has stigmatized as ridiculous. The Adver. tisct therefore may in this connection fairly carry away the palm for that " phenomenal audacity" by which, as we pointed out on previous occasion, the Beechworth Railway movement generally has been distinguished. IN referring last week to the agitation for throwing open the Ournie Goldfield Reserve to conditional purchase, we pointed out the rather absurd inconsistency of permitting selection on an adjoining reserve where mining was being carried on, and prohibitselection on an area where there was no mining. Wo have sincc obtained certain information which accounts for, if it does not justify, the very peculiar course of action adopted. It appears that the reservation of the Ournie goldfield was in the first instance only intended as a, temporary measure. Tho existence of auri. ferous reefs in tbe extreme end of the so-called goldfield had been reported, and the Minister of the day decided to reserve the land from conditional sale pendini visit from the Government geological surveyor. This visit seems never to have been paid, and the consequence is that a very large tract of country has remained locked up from settlement by what may be termed a more oversight. Now, however, that an energetic movement has boon commenced, it is probable that the cause of complaint will be speedily removed, and that the 30,000 acres in question will before many months are over be iu the hands of people who want it, and will turn it to profitable account for their own benefit and the benefit of the district. A RATHER amusing instance of tbe mode in which the proverbial " coach-and-six " can be driven through an Act of Parliament, has just occurred in Sydney. It appears that whilst the sale of liquor in hotels is strictly prohibited on Sundays, it is allowed on Good Friday and Christmas Day, provided the liquor bo not consumed on the premises. A certain publican took advantage of this provision to defeat tho spirit of the law whilst keeping within the letter of tho statute. He sold tho liquor at the bar, but required the purchasers to take it outside tho house and drink it on tho pavement. This ingouious device did not find favor with the police, and tlie publican was summoned for a breach of the law, and convicted. Against this conviction he appealed, and the Supreme Court has overruled the decision of the lower tribanal. After this ruling we may expect to find hotelkeepers carrying on a large and lucrative business next Good Friday on the footways outside their respective establishments. PuNciiJAUir has been defined as "the politeness of kings," but it might with equal aptness be termed the duty of all persons holding official positions. And more especially, wo submit, is it a duty in the case of magistrates. Want of punctuality on tho part of suitors or witnesses usually ensures its due penalty, and therefore, if merely as a matter of example, it behoves judges and magistrates to be in attendance at the hour appointed. Judges almost invariably recognise this, and put in an appearance at the exact moment fixed for the opening of their respective courts. Magistrates frequently are less scrupulous in this regard, and we may add that a little more punctuality would be acceptable in the case of the Albury police court, l^or many years past half-past 10 has been understood to be the" time fixed for commencing the business, hut of late the proceedings have frequently not been begun until considerably after the hour mentioned, the delay varying from five minutes up to'a quarter of an hoar, and sometimes. even a longer period. On Monday last the business was not commenced until five mi nntes past 11. RAIRFALL.—The rainfall for the year las been 83 points, making a total for the year of 2'67 inches. THE CIRCUIT COURT.—The Circuit Court will be held at Albury on 5th April, before Mr. Justice Windeyer. NEW SCHOOLS.—It is proposed to open an itinerant school at Savemake^, and a provisional school at Olive. BOOTH LICENSES.—Booth licenses for.the ensuing race-meeting were granted on Friday last to J. Devene and £. Cass. PUBLIC HOLIDAY.—Monday next bas teen proclaimed a public holiday in the Albury district. A telegram to this effect was received by the Mayor yesterday. ELECTORAL REGISTRAR.—^The Victorian Government Gazette notifies the appointment of Mr. T. H. Robertson as deputy electoral registrar for the Yackandandah division of the electoral district of Benambra. BDBH- FIKE.—Another bush-fire broke out last week on Mr. Christoph AVestendorfTa farm at Jindera, destroying a large quantity 'of grass and fencing. Several men were employed night and day in extinguishing the ll&mes.; THE POLK COMPANY. — This company opened at the Exchange Theatre last night to a good house in "The Strategist," a piece which kept the audience in roars of langhter. Tbe entertainment will be repeated to-night and to-morrow. GEROGERY PUBLIC SCHOOL.—In answer to a| question lrom Mr. Lyne, the Minister of Public Instruction said that arrangements had been made with the contractor for the new public school at Gerogery to proceed with'the buildings on a reduced plan. BEECHWORTH AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.— The first day of the Beechworth Show yesterday was very numerously attended, and proved highly successful. Persons desiring to attend to-day can obtain tickets at excursion fares, available for return up the 17tli. ACCIDENT AT WAKGARATTA RACES,—An accident occurred on Wednesday last at the Wangaratta Races. Mr. H. K. Brown's b h Warrior fell in the Hurdle Race in taking one of the jumps, and was killed instantaneously. Bell, the jockey, was injured severely. THE CONNECTING LINK.—The tender of Mr. P. Adams has been accepted for construct- ing that portion of the viaduct between the : Murray and the point of the railway where the line to the temporary bridge diverges from ' the main track. The amount of the tender is 2861 18s. Cd. CHARGE AGAINST A GOVERNMENT OFFICER. —St. J. Scurr, a junior officer of the Lands Department, recently appointed from Albury to the temporary charge of the Urana land office, haB been arrested at Chiltem and remanded to Tirana, in connection with certain alleged irregularities. CHILDREN'S Ball.—At the suggestion of the ladies who are arranging for the eupper on the evening of the 18tb inst., it bas teen decided to hold a supplementary ball on the following night for children. The tickets, which can be obtained at the odicca of the local journals, are 2s. cach, or six for 10s. EXTRA TRAIN TO BEUCEWOETH.—An extra train now leaves Wangaratta daily for Beechworth, returning at 7 p.m. Persons, there-,. fore, travelling l'roui Albury and intermediate ' stations can now spend a long day in Beechworth, and still reach Wangaratta in '.time to catch the last train for Albury. STOCK MOVEMENTS,—300 merino ewes from Wagra to Victoria, J. Cummins owner; 3900 merino wethers from Goree to Victoria; Doby owner; 1400 merino wethers from"' Doodle Cooma to Melbourne, T. and J. Keighran owners ; r>60 merino ewes from llorven -to Mabonga, E. J. Mather owner. MINING AT BLACK RANGE.—The claim of ,, the Border Town Gold-mining Company has-j been taken in hand by eojnc Melbourne capitalists, who propose giving'it a thorough good trial. Tenders are invited elsewhere'for, the sinking of a shaft, and tor the supply of sawn timber tor use'in the mine.' A DOCTOR FOR WALBUNDRIE.—Dr. ;G. B. Pultney, late resident physician at th^. Royal Infirmary, Glasgow, has commenced practice. , at Walbundrie, and may be consulted' at Birtles' Hotel. The settlement of a medical man in the neighborhood should prove a great convenience to the residents of the district.' SPORTS AT BROOKONG.—A capital day's sport.. has been arranged to take place at Brooko'ng on Easter Monday. The principal event is the Brookong Handicap of £10, to be run in three, j. heats of 100, 200, and 150 yards, dominations must be with the secretary on. cr ^efore 26th March. The handicap will be declared list April. RINGBARKING PERMITS.—The attention of'" DRBtoral lessees who are holders of authorities : a ringbark timber upon Crown lands, is specially directed to the condition of the permit requiring that notice must be sent to the Department of Mines within one monUi after rinebarking has begun. In every, case where leasees fail to P vf Bucli not ' ce the permits will be cancelled. TRAVELLING SHEEP.—In consequence of the recent outbreak of scab in the colony, the neatest precautions are now taken to prevent Se possible spread of the disease. The Inmector ot Stock has received instructions to iMiue no permits for travelling sheep without previous peisonal inspection of the flocks in respect of which application has been made. TOT MCIWALA BBIDBE.—We (Mercury) have it on reliable authority that Mr. Wells's report to the Government of New South Wales in reference to the bridge across the Itiver Murray between Mulwala and Yarrawonga was most favorable, and also that the reply received by that gentleman from the Minister of Public TVorks is in favor of the carrying out of the work at the earliest opportunity. SIDE-BAILING WASTED.—In connection with the fatal accident that occurred near Hawksview on Tuesday last, the police magistrate, who conducted the inquiry, pointed out that if there had been a handrail to the culvert the accident could not have happened. The' place, we understand, is within tbe municipal limits, and may therefore be commended to the notice of the Borough Council. BEEACII oi' THE SHEEL' ACT.—At the police court on Friday, E. H. Hargraves was summoned for breach of the Sheep Act. There were two charges—one for using an unrecorded mark, the other for placing the distinguishing mark on the wrong ear. Mr. Chauncy, who appeared for the prosecution, asked only for a minimum penalty, and the defendant, who pleaded guilty, was fined 5s. and costs. FOUND DROWNED.—The body of a man named Frank Mason was found drowned in the Murrumbidgee at Wagga Wagga on Saturday last. At an inquest held on the an open verdict was returned. It appears that the deceased had recently come from Carlton, Victoria, and for some few weeks had been in the employ of a local contractor. He went to bathe in the river, and his clothing was lound on the bank. STOCK INSPECTOR.—In the last issue of the Government Gazette appears the formal appointment of Mr. George E. Mackay as Inspector of Stock and deputy Registrar of Brands for the Albury sheep district. Up to the date of this announcement Mr. Mackay had only held tbe acting appointment. He is also gazetted inspector under the Rabbit Nuisance Act, and inspector of the public pounds at Albury, Bungowannah, Mullengandra, and Gerogery. FATAL ACCIDENT.—A fatal accident happened pn Tuesday last to a young man named John Cowfoot, in the lane leading from the Hawksview property to the main Sydney road. The deceased was coming into town with a load of firewood, when in crossing a culvert the horse slipped and fell, causing the dr.iy and its load to capsize on Cowfoot, who was killed instantaneously. A magisterial inquiry was held on Tuesday afternoon, resulting in a disclosure of tbe facts as above stated. THE HOUSES.—The racers engaged at the ensuing meeting have just begun to come into town. At the Rose the following have arrived : —Spaniard, Communist, Shylock, and Bonnie Bee. Mr. May's lot, Mr. Acramann's, and Mr. Carter's are expected to-day. Olivette is at the Albury Hotel, and a few others are bestowed elsewhere. The bulk of the horses, however, will not arrive till to-morrow. Belle Brandon has been scratched for all engagements. CmcKET : PARLIAMENT N.S.W. V. ALBURV. —A match betweeu Albury and a Parliamentary team is likely to be arranged before the close of the cricket season. A team will be chosen from the following to represent Bowna in the match against tbe Albury second eleven to-morrow (Saturday), to commence at 2.30 :— J. Horc, P. Hore, A. Tindall, T. Kirkpatrick. 1". Mitchell, R. lCirkpatrick, F. W. Spence, Tynan, J. Hillslcy, J. Baker, A. M'Donald, T. Plunkett, J. Palmer, and W. Plunkett. THE TJITER BORRA ROAD.—In the Legislative Assembly, on the 4th inst., Mr. Lvne asked the Secretary for Public Works whether he would cause to be placed upon the supplementary estimates the sum of £200 for tbe formation of the road on the Upper Burra, from Alexander Baillie's to the timber reserve on the left bank of the Burra Creek, near Tumbarumba. Mr. Wright answered that the local officer of the Roads Department had been requested to report, but no answer had yet been received. MR. MATTHEW BURNETT.—Mr. Matthew Burnett, the great temperance advocate and lecturer, paid a flying visit to Albury and Wodonga on Tuesday last. During a visit to this office he informed us that he had inst completed two complete tours of the principal towns of Sonth Australia, and had also travelled over most of the colony of Western Australia. He is now bound for Tasmania, and desires us to express his extreme regret that thetime at his disposal would not permit of his addressing once more an Albury audience. He hopes, however, that an opportunity will offer on his return from Tasmania. THE LATE ESCAPE FROM TDMBARDMBA LOCKDP.—With reference to the recent case of horse-stealing at Tumbarumba, a correspondent writes:—« The prisoner is alleged to have stolen anumber of horses, taken them to market, and disposed of them, receiving over £100, the net proceeds of the sale. He then returned to Tumbarumba, and married a young woman. .Shortly after, he was arrested on a charge of horse-stealing,, and. lodged in the watchhousc. The "same uigtt the lock was tampered with, and the prisoner escaped, and fled-to the mountains. Captain Battye, from' Albury, arrived here on Saturday, and an inquiry was held on Monday." THE ODRNIE RESERVE.—A public meeting was held on Monday evening at the Federal Hotel, in Townsend-street, in connection with tbe agitation for the opening ol the Ournie Goldfield Reserve to selection under the 14th clause. Mr. Luke Gulson, Mayor, occupied the chair. Several speakers addressed the meeting, and a resolution was carried affirming the desirability of the concession asked for, and pointing out tbat the mining industry could not be injured thereby. It was also decided to forward a copy of the resolution to the local members of Parliament, with a request that they would bring the matter ns speedily as possible under the notice of the Minister for Mines. THE ALBURY COURT.—From a return just compiled of the business transacted by the C.P.S. at Albury for the year 1883, we make the following extracts :—Number of police court cases, 581; quarter sessions cases, 27 ; district court cases, 105 ; small debt casep, 284; . licenses to hawkers, 34; applications under Licensing Act, 171; court fees, £44 15s.; dog registration, £114 5s.; fines, j£190 8a. 81.; licenses, £5i 8s. 4d.; Sheep and Ribbit Acts, £79 3s.; district court fees, £98 8s. 61.; wages cases, £20 2s. 4d.; costs, £68 ; suitors' money, district court, £320 15s, 3d.; do., in small debts court, £242 9s. 61.; receipts from other sources, £671 2s. 8d.—grand total of moneys received, £1904 Is. 3d. ALBURV POLICE COURT.—At this court on Monday, Bridget Cody, an elderly woman against whom there bad been a number ol previous convictions for minor offences, was charged with vagrancy. Constable Holder deposed to having received numerous complaints from householders to the effect that defendant had been begging of them, and when refused became abusive ; witness found her lying in the streets. The defendant was discharged on condition that she left the town immediately. Ernest Petsch, alaborer, charged with drunkenness and disorderly conduct on Sunday, was lined 20s. The same defendant was ordered to pay 6s., the value of certain Government property destroyed by him whilst iu the lock-up. DEATH FROM SUNSTROKE.—With reference to the death of Mr. E. Fitzgerald mentioned last week by our Corowa correspondent, the following additional particulars have come to hand. The deceased, a very promising young man 23 years of age, was a son of Mr. E. C. Fitzgerald of Bull Plains, and whilst dratting 6heep during the late hot weather received a coup de soldi, from the effects of which he never recovered. After lingering for about six days he finally succumbed on tbe 4th inst. Being of a very energetic disposition he bad for some time bad almost entire control of his father's land and stock, and tbe loss to tbe family will therefore be in every way a serious one. Their loss is the subject of much sympathy amongst a large circle of acquaintances, by whom the deceased was highly respected. WAGGA WAGGA SESSIONS.—This court opened yesterday. The following is the list of cases for trial:—Andrew Cardwell, forgery and uttering (two chargesl; William Piuuimer, burglary ; George Collins, horse- stealing ; William Farrell, obtainiug goods by false pretences ; Martin Callanan, asBault and robbery; Margaret Lil Kim, assault and robbery; Elizabeth Robinson, assault and robbery ; Joseph Croucher, horse-stealing ; John Home, horsestealing ; Percy V. St. Leslie, alias Frank V. Leslie, obtaining money by false pretences (two charges) and uttering a valueless cheque; Henry David James, obtaining money by lalse pretences; Frederick Cook, attempting to commit suicide ; Archibald Currie, assault and robbery ; Cecilia Florence Tierney, assault and robbery; and Martha Shaw, keeping a disorderly house. To CORRESPONDENTS.—" A Goldminer."— To go to Mndgee,'the quickest route would be by rail to Sydney, thence by rail to Capertree, and thence by coach about 40 miles to Mudgee. The (are would be :—Albury to Sydney, £2 4s.; Sydney to Capertree, 14s. 6d.; coach fare, probably £1—in all £3 18s. 6d. " T.R.," Urangeline.—Your tank contains 3575 cubic yards. " C. Maguire."—We have no opportunity of obtaining the seed you require. Write to a Sydney or Melbourne seedsman. " A Subscriber," Urangeline.—Your tank contains 1948 cubic yards. We have reckoned the length of one side at 1001't. 6in. instead of lOOIt. 6&in.; " Subscriber," Cookardinia.— Send length of line drawn on surface from centre of 45ft. 3in. line to centre of opposite end where width is ISfc. at commencement of roadway. "G.. Rlemke."—Your last tank contains 333 yards. The one left at the office we cannot calculate without further particulars. THE RACES.—We take the last opportunity of reminding owners of horses that to- morrow (Saturday) evening is the night of geneial entry for the Albury annual races. By the fate agreeable change the intense beat which has prevailed BO long has been brought to a close, and for some weeks to come the probabilities are in favor of weather moat propitious for outdoor gatherings. The course is in capital order, all the arrangements for the meeting will be found complete and satisfactory, and with anything like good entries the racps should be ill every way successful. So far there is every reason to believe that the lastnamed couditiou of success will be fulfilled. Good fields of horses have already accepted for the principal handicaps, and there is every reason to auticipute numerous entries iu all the minor events. The entries will be made, THE " SKETCHER."—We have to acknowledge receipt oi the current number of the Australasian Slxtcher, which fully sustains tbat journal's reputation as a pictorial publication. The frontispiece consists of an excellent representation of tbe export traffic in wheat in Victoria during the present busy season. Successive views are given of the harvest-field, arrival ot the bagged grain at country railwaystations (from which an idea can be formed of the totally insufficientaccommodation provided, as a rule, for this class of merchandise), trucks •discharging at Spencer-strcet, aud the loading of vessels at Saudridge. A lull page is also devoted to a series of sketches at the uew Law Courts in Melbourne. The ill- designed and uncomfortable character of some of the interior fittings is somewhat humorously hit off, and a view of the removal from tbe old courts of " Judge Molesworth's Library" conveys an idea of tbe magnitude of the undertaking. A two-page engraving depicts the ecenc of desolation and destruction to be witnessed at Bowen, in NorLh Queensland, after tbe rccent tornado, and is sufficiently suggestive of the violence of the gale. Capital portraits are given of the late Sir Charles Sladen and of Miss Genevieve Ward, tbecelebratedaotres 0 . Viewnofthe Pichie ltichie Pass in South Australia, Canterbury Agricultural College, &c.;, complete the uuinber. The reading matter, as usual, is varied and interesting. DAN. BARRY'S DRAMATIC COMPANY.—The Exchange Theatre, Albury, will be occupied for a season of six nights, commencing next Monday, by a company which Mr. Dan. Barry has organised for a provincial tour. Amongst the company are a number of ladies and gentlemen favorably known in the dramatic profession, besides some new aspirants for popularity with Australian playgoers; amongst tbe latter is Miss Virginia Clayton, a young actress lately arrived from England under engagement to Mr. Barry for a tour of tbe colonies. This lady brings high credentials as to her ability ; and no doubt both herseli and the rest of the company will receive hearty support during their brief season here, especially as they have chosen the two racenights for their opening performances. The piece to be played on Monday night is the sporting comedy drama entitled "Blow for Blow !" It is said to abound in the most amusing situations and droll incidents, while the language is crisp and epigrammatic all through. During the progress of the drama a number ot songs will be rendered by Miss Nita Steele, a pupil of Madame Lucy Chambers. The performance will conclude with sparkling burlefque, which is said to be full of the latest song* and dances. A box plan is on view at the office of tbe Border Post, where seats may be reserved. On Tuesday evening the brilliant society comedy entitled "Our Mother-in-law," which was performed for over 100 nights in New York by Mrs. Langtry, will be produced. THE SPERM WHALE REEF.—We are glad to be in a position to report that the pro?pectaof the Sperm Whale Co., Mitta Mitta—a g)od many shares in which are held iu this district—are just now very encouragiog. A gentleman who visited the mine last week informs us tbat there is now every indication of the lode, which it will be remembered was cut off by a "slide," coming in agtin ; and if this promise should be realised, the shareholders will have a very valuable property. From the surface to where the slide occurred tbe stone was all very good, and this week a number of bands were to have been put on to break out a quantity to help pay expenses. It is estimated tbat there are 150 touF, which will yield at tbe rate of 2oz. to the ton. This will have to be packed to tbe Mitta Mitta battery for crushing—a rather expensive process, but one which the directors have deemed it advisable to adopt in order to avoid making any further calls for the present. Should the reef come in again as anticipated, arrangements will in due time be m>ide for the erection of a mill on the ground. The details given by our informant <ire confirmed by tbe official weekly report, which runs as follows —"Sperm Whale, Mitta Mitta, March 8.— Chairman of directors reports that the result of the recent prospecting has been highly satisfactory. The line of the reef south of No. l level has been discovered and driven in 17ft., but owing to the declivity of tbe bill this drive was not continued, but a winze is now being sunk north of the crosa- course, and stone it* continuing there, aud this is the point where good results may be looked for. In tbe lowest level the track of the lode is passed through, and a drive will be opened out south on this line shortly. The drift in alluvial shaft was very fine and wet, but iu 5ft tbe piles touched black clay. Arrangements have been made to pack over about 150 tons of quartz to the Mitta Mitta Company's batter}*, and this stone will be crushed immediately after the first rain. The stone is expected to yield a handsome cake." SMALL DEBTS COURT.—At this court on Tuesday the following cases were dealt with: —W. F. Nolan v. James Crichton, claim tor £9 10.'. tor hire of a horse. Mr. Thorold for plaintiff, Mr. Wilkinson for defendant, Tbe plea for the defence was that tbe horse having been hired to go to the Dart River, knocked up on tbe journey, and tbat defendant had been unable to return tbe animal to plaintiff at the time (a fortnight) originally agreed upon. The rate charged by plaintiff was 10s. per week. . Defendant conteuded that tbe charge was to be ouly for the trip, which sum he had paid. A verdict was given for plaintiff for the full amount claimed, with 7s. Gd. costs of one witness. Christina Stubbs v. Ada Beyers; Ada Beyers v. Christina Stubbs.— These were two cross-actions for £10 damages for slander. Mr. Wilkinson appeared for Mrs. Stubbs, Mr. Emerson for Mrs. Beyers. B'jth cases were dismissed. Executors of Ja«. Pool v. J. R. Brown, claim for £5 G*. for board and lodging. Mr. Thorold for plaintiff, Mr. Wilkinson for defendant. This was a case ^ourned from the previous sitting of the court. A considerable amount of evidence was taken with regard to the books of account submitted by plaintiff, and a verdict was then returned for plaintiff for amount claimed, without costs. Peard v. Corrigan.—This was an actioa to Tecover the sum of £<> damages lor trespass of sheep on crop. Mr. Emerson for plaintiff, Mr. Cbauncy for defendant. After some evidence bad been taken the case was adjourned until Wednesday, when a verdict was given for plaintiff, with costs of court and £6 5?. witnesses' expenses. Catherine D»wling v. Arthur Echlin. claim for £10 damages for breach of agreement and wrongful dismissal. In this ciae complainant was a dressmaker in the employ of defendant, aid tbe sul's'ance of her complaint was that having been engaged for n term, she was dismissed before that term concluded. Mr. Wilkinson appeared for the plaintiff, Mr. Emerson for tbe defendant. For the defence it was contended that the plaintiff had not carried out her duties properly, and had disobeyed her employer's orders. A verdict was given for the plaintiff. MECHANICS.' INSTITUTE.—A meeting of the committee of the Mechanics* Institute was held on Tuesday eveuing, Dr. Andrews in tbe chair. The other members present were Messrs. Schmiedt, Frew, Ahercrombie, Paine, Gulson, aud Rbynehart. The folio wine accounts were passed for pavment:—A. Frew, £400; Gas Co., £1 10s.; G. Hunter, £2 2s. Correspondence was then read as follows;— From Mr. Lyne, M.L.A., stating his intention to wait on the Minister with reference to the payment of the money due for the land.— Received. From Mr. Peterson, asking if the committee would rent the hall for the use of tbe Salvation Army for Sunday meeting.— It was decided not to lease tbe ball for the purpose in question. From Mr. C. H. Douglas, enclosing cheque for £10 in aid of the building fund.—Acknowledged with thanks. From tbe Border City Brass Band, stating that the band would be willing to play from 7.30 to 8 p.m. on the 17th March for the sum ol £1.—It was decided to accept this offer. A letter from Mr. A. Cass, offering to rent a counter in the ball for the sale of fruit and light drinks, was then considered. It was held to bs inadvisable to erect any fixed counter, and tbat it would be better to invite tender* for tie right to sell fruit iu the hall. Some discussion then took place with regard to the arrangements for the ball. The chairman stated that a number of persons bad promised contributions towards the supper, both in solids and liquids. It was arranged that the entrance to tbe ball-room should be by the door in the police barracks lane, tbe ladies' cloak and dressing rooms being under the stage. For gentlemen the cloak aud dressing rooms to be one end of the 6tage : the other end to be used as a card-room. With regard to tbe supper, it was decided that the tables should be laid in tbe present hall, and be opened at about 11 o'clock, remaining open for some hours, so that all need not come in together. The cbairmau stated tbat Mr. Sell* bad kindly offered the use of plates, glass and chinaware, epergnes, &c.;, free of charge. The cutlery and p'.ated ware r« quired had been obtained from Melbourne. With reference to decorations for tbe ball, it wa* decided that no more than a few flags would be needed. Another meeting of committee wa* held on Tuesday, when, at the suggestion of the ladies providing tbe supper, it wns decided to hold a children's ball on the day alter the grand ball, tickets to be 2•>. each. DENTISTRY.—Mr. Carter, ofSyduey, visits Albury on 21*t inst., and may be consulted at the Albury Hotel. Mr. De Saxe pay* his u<ual monthly visit to Albury on Tuesday, the 18th inst. Mr. Geo. Hall also visits Albury on Friday, 21st iust., and may be consulted at the Club Hotel. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following ts a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for tbe first time in this issue :— Fnrin for sale near Wodonga ; waggon lor nale ; Tintaldra races 23rd May ; tenders for works invited by Towong Shire Council ; Messrs. Teague and Co. sell sheep at Benalla 9th April; Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Co. sell tosvu freeholds on 22nd March ; extra daily train to and from Beechworth ; Crown land* sale at Bethanga 26th March ; Court-hou?e Hotel, Corryong, for sale ; Mr. Swamtou has taken the Terminus Hotel, Tumbarumba; Mr. A. M'Eachern thanks Dr. Woods ; Messrs. Piggin sell furniture at Corowa on 29th March ; Little Billabong raws 25th April; 300 sheep for sale ; land to let Cookardinia; working bullocks for sale ; tenders invited for crecting Urana Mechanics' Institute ; Messrs. Griffith and Co. sell sheep on the 19th; Messrs. Griffith and Co. sell fat stock on 19ih ; Mr. Strickland sells land and stock at Wodonga, 22od March ; Messrs. Griffith and Co. sell horses on 19ih March ; Messrs. Griffith and Co. sell store cattle on 19Lh March ; Messrs. Griffith and Co. have 800 store bullocks' for private sale ; Messrs. Phillips and Co. sell fat stock on 19th ; Messrs. Phillips and Co. sell furniture tomorrow ; Messrs. Phillips and Co. have store bullocks for sale. 