BEGA. [FBOM OtTB THA YELLING REPORTER 1 January 21. The district immediately surrounding Vega is just now in a state of great jubilation and hope arising from the recent falls of rain and ihe probability of more. Until tbe middle of last weefc the gravest apprehensions, were entertained. The pasture lands all over the district were scorched to an orange brown colour, and the grass, or 'what represented it, bad become a'dry, worthless tort of substance ?which pulverised when trod upon, and as feed ?was absolutely worthless. The condition of stock was of course more or lets critical in accordance with the distance from per* manent water, and though the effects of the drought were not in any way equal to those reported from some other parts of the colony, they were marked enough. One proof of the uiui ** 4uau vi tuna* j us j ucoo v* me nwuu ajiirinri IV is afforded- by the condition of Spring Yale - Creek, which I visited on Saturday. This depends for its supply almost entirely on local rainfall, and which has not for years been known to carry so email a stream. Between Tathra, the port of the district, and Bega, the road passes through about 12 mites oi hilly timber country, and the ravages of the recent bushfires are plainly visible here and there en route. These were burning until the rain, which commenced falling on Wednesday last, hut when I passed on Thursday weie quite extinct, and all danger of this kind appears to beover for the season. It rained more or less continuously all Thursday, and though Friday and Saturday -were fine, Bonday evening saw a welcome thunderstorm burst over the town, and during the night a considerable quantity of rain fell, ?while Monday was showery and windy. More ratn is confidently predicted by the weatherwice. Already the good i effects of the downpour are apparent.. There is a greenish tinge ~ noticeable in the -colour ot the paiture lands viewed from a dfi \- User, anB ft closer inspection ehowea vigorous sproutingof ? new growth .of (grass. At far as the maize crops around the town are eonceroed, the? cpufa nof appatouy.-e'*n^^tter/ai4ljear thVtamefrom^lsWefc.- Th?pimteajrllrom*5to 6 leet'Tugh, of luxuriant growth, and jurt beginning to flower. ; The election of the first aidermenof the new municipality of Bega ? is to take place eaflvln February, and RlreadvetftsideraWe specu lation is indulged fh as to the result. It would be idle to at pre sent indicate even probable candidates, but it is certain that great interest is being taken in the matter. On Saturday evening a meeting of townspeople was held, and an all- round discussion on local matters indulged in. , The first fire Bega has ever seen, except those for domestic purposes, bash fires, and one of a stack of hay, took place on Sunday evening. It broke out, or rather was discovered, at a few minutes past 9 o'clock on the premises of Mr. M'Donough, a tailor, doingtbusiness in Church-s'.reet,.and totally destroyed the building with all its -? contents, - as well as . that ad joining occupied by Mrs. Gillard, a laundress. In the latter case a few. articles of furniture were dragged out, but otherwise ? the poor ?woman lost her all. Both ?were uninsured, and M'Donouph, -who heaa good stock of tweeds, ,&c;, loses heavily. The buildings .themselves belonged to Mrs. Bjrnep, and her loss is covered by insurance. A small office be longing to Mr. Dow, agent, on the west, was on fire twice, but saved; and only the gallant and untiring efforts of a number of young men 'saved Hughes and Jones1 store on' the east. No casual ties occurred to any of' these, although they rail no little risk at times. Two, however, fainted from, the heat and the exertions they made. Had there been any wind blowing, nothing could beveeaved the store, and if that had burned, the. block must have gone also'. Nothing could speak more highly for the good nature, as well as tbe energy sJf the people of Bega than the action taken towards relieving the sufferers by tne fire. A'J danger of its spreading was over before 11 o'clock, but the greatfer number did not leave till long after. When they did .it was to adjourn to J4urpby'« Imperial Hotel, ?where, some ttme'after'midnight, a meeting was held and steps taken to provide for rawing a relief fund. Belore, the sun rose on the ruins, therefore, subscription lists were srderal, the amateur minstrels and amateur actors *-f tbe town had been been bespoken, and there is no doubt but that all affected bv the disaster will be substantially assisted. It Is aleo considered certain that the fire will lead to the establishment of a fire brigade in the town— a thing long talked of. Ite genesis will therefore be precisely the same as that of about 100 other brigades in these colonies, and if its members work after practice and organisation as well as the probable members did on Sunday without either the body will soon compare favourably' with any of thote elsewhere. - ? ; 