Destructive Bush Fires. COOTAMUNDRA, Monday. A very disastrous fire occurred on Saturday. The rail- . way fettlers were burning grass along the railway line near Jjndalee crossing, when a whirlwind caused the sparks to go into the wheat field, and in less than 10 minutes the whole paddock of some 40 acres was burned, also a stripper, cleaning , machine, and harness. The fire Bpread rapidly through; the grass, and continued burning till yesterday afternoon. ; A strong hot wind blew from the north. Great numbers of people' were out on Saturday night and all day Sunday, and it was with ereat difficulty the fire was kent out of a large wheat paddock. A great deal of fencing was burned. The total damage is estimated at from £500 to £1000. : WAGGA WAGGA, Tuesday. A large bufih fire has been raging at Yerong Creek, about 12 miles from heie. YASS, Monday. A destructive fire took place at the Murrumbidgee yesterday. The day was the hottest day experienced this year, with a strong wind blowing from the west. The fire was first noticed in the Yeomburrah graBS pad dock. The Btrong wind causing it to spread, it burned all round the cultivation paddock, destroying about a mile of fencing and grass and a little of Mr. Hall'B wheat. A spark from the fire must lave blown across the river, as the grass on the opposite Bide took fire, carrying all before it. It burned all Mr.Kapeney's wheat, which, had just been reaped, about 10 acres, besides his fencing. It then spread to Mr. S. Ryrie'e wheat paddock, which had also been reaped, and destroyed about 35 acres, besides burning his house and also the fencing. Great sympathy is felt for the sufferers. COWRA, Monday. Extensive bush fires have been raging in the vicinity of the town since early on Saturday morning last. Strong relays of men were unable to subdue the flames, owing to the prevailing high and variable winds. The fire originated by some means in a paddock of Mr. Watts, some three miles distant ; thence it spread rapidly through Campbell's paddeck, consuming both grass and fencing, till it ap proached within 500 yards of Cowra bridge, where, with great difficulty, it was this morning overcome. The stock was saved, but the losses in fencing and grass are con siderable. The heat is intense. MORTJYA, 'Wednesday. Disastrous bush fires again broke out yesterday all round Moray a. A violent N.W. hot wind blew until 3 p.m., when the wind suddenly changed to the S.E., thus saving many imperilled places. Much valuable property has 'been destroyed, and many miles of fencing burnt. Mr. Hefferaon, Moggendora, had his out buildings destroyed, the house, being saved with great difficulty. Mr. Thomas Emmott's outbuildings were alto burnt. Mr. W. F. Cowan's house was again in great danger. Mr. Martin Fogarty's house -was burnt to the ground with all its contents. Gopdin and Son's Glendwart sawmill was in very great danger. C. M'Intosh's premises nearly caught fire Bsveral times. A great extent of grass land was burnt black. Feed and water are very scarce. An inquest was held to- day on the fire at Cameron and Lynch's mill, before Mr. G. MaunEell, coroner, . when a verdict of accidentally burnt by bushfire was returned. Kiora House, the residence of Mr. W. Hawdon, was in much danger. Many more disasters are expected to be reported. Charles Crapp bad his outhouses and 660 bushels of maize burnt. This disastrous conflagration will be remembered for years in Moiuya. 