VICTORIA.. MELBOURNE. Fjidaj. Parrots hav-« bf on causing great damage to I the crop3 In the Geelong districts of late. J ■ Some of the late Provincial and Suburban bank notes aro^being passed off on tradesmen hero. - * Mr. Julian Thoroae, " 3 he Vagabond, tx j pecU to visit London next year with 1'ampier, i and produce the drama of "JCfo Mercy." At the inquest held at Sandrilgo on Joseph Smith, who was found dead aboard the Sopin* on Monday among the machinery*, a verdict of manslaughter was returned against Pay, who had quarrelled with the deceased. Fay was committed for trial. Colonel Fr> nch, who haB been appointed to the command of the reorganised Volunteer force in Queensland, has arrived in Melbourne The annual dinner of the Commercial Tra vellers* Association was held last sight. The Hon. Graham Berry was present, aod delivered two long speeches. The Harbour Trust has received a letter from Sir John Coode in reference to the con struction of the new dredge for the trust. The dredge will be one of the largest in the world and. will cost £28,000. Sir John wiB prepare tbe design and plans. Mr. Ogg, Audit Commissioner, has just re turned from London, and has been granted, three months* leave of absence for tbe benefit of his heab h. An accident occurred at the Strathbogio races on Boxing Day. In the hurdle race six horses fell in a heap. Two of the riders (Vines and Kmmett) sustained concussion of the brain, Cannhadhis collar bone fractured, and the others were badly hurt. Janes Lyons,a resident of Gatvoe, waskLkod by a mare at Warmambool and killed. Bishop Moore, the new Boman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, was presented with a gold chalice by his parishioners on Monday. \- Two Ballarat cyclists' made the trip from Ballarat to Geelong on Boxing Day on a sociable tricycle. i Saturday. The work of duplicating the North-ess tcm Bailway line is rapidly proceeding. . Majors Bargood, Freeman, Tcmplelon, and Sleep have been promoted to the rank of lieutenant-colonel. They will be senior officers in command of battalions. Mr. Hickman Molesworth, banister, baa been appointed County Court Judge, vice Judge Skinner, resigned Mr. Jo:'n Kerr's dairy at Campbellfield was burned down: yesterday. Seven horses were killed, and two erployos narrowly escaped. The damage done is estimated at £1,900. The Jews io Aust.alii are trying to raise funds for tbe endowment of a chair of Hebrew in the Melbourne University, in celebration of the hundredth birthday of Sir Moses Monte fiore. Alfred Sugden, a commercial traveller, has been committed for trial for embezzling £200 from his employers, Messrs. Id alker and Co., biscuit bakers. _ J. M'Do'.ald, pastmastcr at Omeo, has been suspended on account of alleged embezzlement by him. Monday. A destructive fire occurred on Satuiday in Inglis and Co.'a printing office.' Flinders street. The two upper stories of the building were gutted, and the damage is estimated at £3 009. The premises were insured for £2,C0X The origin of tbe fire is unknown. Constable M'Swec-ney was brutally assaulted by a number of larrikins in Hotbaui lost night and is now iu a dangerous condition. The Footscray tanner*, belonging to Messrs. Cleghorn and Gibson, has beon destroyi d by lire together with a four-roomed cottage adjoining. The value of the property destroyed is esti mated at £1,500. Tuesday. The revenue returns show that tho receipts for the past half-year were £2,784,681, and for the quarter £1,147.491, bring au increase on .tho previous quarter of £222,870. and on the previous half-year of £9,995. Tho revenue for tho year shows a decrease of £85,833. Lord Boscbcry visited Sandhurst yesterday, and w« entertained by the Major. 'Ihirteen msgsmen wero arrested yesterday on a charge of having no lawful visib o means of support. The Haudhurst gold returns for the past year ihowa total output of 221.981 ounces, or about tons, which is tho best j ield since 1876\. • I he new I'ostal Act came into force to-day. J The postage on letters is now twopence per oz. Instead of twopence per half-ounce on news* papersas m the ewe previously the oharge i» now a half penny to all the colonies. =; . Very destructive bush.fires ate reported tn several parts of the colony. Two men wore burned to death at St. James', near Benilla. Tho firs' nesting of tho Council on Defenoes will bo hold on Friday to frame tho rules for the new m:litia. , The Karl and Countess of Bosobcry are the J.HO JlUTi auts vuuusvso ? ■ * i guests of the Marquis. and Marchioness of j Normanby at Government House. They attend the race meeting-at Flemington to-day. The New South Wales cricketers wcro enter tained at si soiree at Clement's cafo Ust night by the Victorian Cricketers' Association. A I number of toasts were proposed Murdoch won the prize for the best score, and Mid winter tho second prize for the beet bowling. -■ 