TiSARIBLE BUSH FIRES IN SINGLETON. Telegrams for some days past have notified an alarming outbreak of bushfires around the Single ton district. ."The S ny 'cton Argu of Wednesday last stated that the flames hail extended to the Pinnaclef about four miles from the local Court House (and the residence of Mr: Walter A. M'Dougall), Cuuneen's estates, Glennie's Creek, Duhvich, CamberM'ell, Ravensn-orth, and Hamble- ilon Hill. At the latter place Mr. Pearce suffered great losses ; a sound four-railed fence being des troyed, and tlie grass burnt to ashes. What little 1 feed had been left by previous scorching weather, j had all around been almost totally burnt up. Mr. j T. A. Cunneen lost between thirteen and fourteen j miles of valuable fencing — In fact everything M-as J cleared off his estate except his house. At Stoney Creek, Mrs. Atkinson lost everything ; only her j house remaining. Messrs. EdurarJ Alcorn, (near Box Tree) and Edward Drake (of the Model Farm, "Oak Park," near Camber well) and.dozens of other I j settlers Mere great sufferers. From a private letter 1 j received in Newcastle, u-e ( Herald) since learn that ; ' the above report, far. from being exaggerated, came j i short of depictip.g the great extent of the devasta- ; I tion. At.fejT time of our correspondent's writing ! j the v.'.'uble country betM'een ' ' Tlie Pinnacle" anil j pjir. George Loder's well-knon-n St. Clair Station, | 1 near Goorangoola, a distance of over twenty miles, | M-as in a mass nf flame, hnrimi" evervthillff that I came before it. Volumes of smoke, sparks, and ; : fire filled the atmosphere in every direction, obscur- ( ing the horizon, anil surging over flats, ridges, and ; 1 gullies, like a molten stream, carrying everything j before it, like chaff before the wind. Huge dried ; trees fell crackling in every conceivable direction, I scattering myriads of sparks anil adding constant j fuel to the unquenchable flame. Fences, crops, , j grass, fruit-trees, — in fact almost everything — set- j tied down into burning embers as :f by magic ; | leaving nothing but a black waste of charcoal for . j miles around ; kangaroos, M-allabies, opossums, . | snakes, and all sorts of vermin taking refuge ' M'herever shelter afforded. Many instances of nar- ! i row escapes are recorded. The outbreak is said to ' have commenced at Mr. McDougall's estate, "The Pinnacle," last Sunday, and to have originated through a spark falling from the funnel of a passing ; locomotive. The entire holding, several hundred acres of good grass, 011 M'hicli a large number of j stock depended, M-as speedily destroyed. Flames i run up a hill to the homestead, and enveloped it to | such an extent that all hopes M'ere given up and 1 ; preparations made to fly for safety with Mrs. ; McDougal and family in a cart (the only vehicle : available at the moment), udien a neighbour, Mr. ; Grainger, and others arrived, and by means of M'ct blankets destruction was saved off. The fire then j caught the escarpment of an adjacent hill, and made ; clean tracks completely over the country, Middling for miles as it M'ent. Ravcnsworth Estate paddocks i had, at latest accounts, just caught ; anil as they consist of over 60,000 or SO, 000 acres of open grass land, it is hard to say M'here the danger M'ill be arrested. Wages men have been readily employed to M'atch homesteads day and night. Box Tree selection is reported burned out ; and York's Creek — is scorched dry, so that cattle, unless at once moved L' must perish by thousands. Altogether the picture is one of extreme devastation ; a calamity of such extent not having occurred hi the district for over : a generation. 