THE WEATHER AND THE CROPS. On Monday, after a few hours of very warm weather in Melbourne, a change took place, followed by a steady downpour of rain for some hours. A thunderstorm was experienced in many parts of the country, with more or less heavy rain. The following are Bome of the telegraphic reports of our correspondents and others of somewhat similar tenor have been received from Donald, Korongvale, in: the vicinity of which a bushfire was raging, Maryborough, and Wedderburn. At the two first-named places rain had not yet fallen: BALLARAT, TUESDAY. One of the heaviest dust storms ever known in Baliarat enveloped the city during the greater part of to-day, and in the evening one could scarcely 6ee from one side of the street to the other. At 8 o'clock steady rain set in, but the atmosphere is close and muggy. DUNOLLY, TUESDAY. To-day has been the most disagreeable of the season. A strong north wind has been blowing, accompanied by storms of dust, damaging the growing crops and stripping the trees of the fruit. The town was en veloped in dust, and all round the country it appeared as though large bush fires were raging. A change took place this evening, ' slight showers falling, with every appearance of heavy weather. KERANG, TUESDAY. A heavy gale from the north has been blowing all day, carrying douds of dust The town was at times completely obscured, and business was almost at a standstill A heavy thunderstorm is impending. SANDHURST, TUESDAY. After a hot day and a dust storm, a great change occurred this evening, when cold variable winds set in accompanied by heavy showers. There is every indication of the rain continuing. NHILL, TUESDAY. The weather to-day has been moBt unplea sant. hot winds, accompanied by dust storms, lasting until this evening, when a pleasant change took place. Several Bharp showers bare fallen, bat not sufficient to do any damage to the standing crops. A large bush fire occurred to-day near the farms and selec tions on tbe Diapur dam, but no damage has been done to the crops. MOUNT EGERTON, Dbc. 6.-The weather daring the week has been alternately fine and very wet. The grain crop* throughout the district are not looking as well m was anticipated. Onus it very scarce. WYCH1T£XLA, DEC. 6.-Owing to the -beary rains and wintry weather experienced during the patt week, stripping will be delayed for another week, and will not become general for a fortnight. It to ex pected that, although the yields will not be more than ball of lost season's, the grain will bfe of a plump diameter. A very laigo quantity of chaff has been forwarded from these district# l>y rail to Melbourne. If tbeifeight lor this class of prnduoe was lowered by the department, a very great increase In this hade would tike place. GORDON, DBC. 6.-'Rain IwiS fallen in considerable quantities during the past week, descending on five days: £tfn. i»s been registered here. The heaviest thunderstorm of the season occurred this afternoon, when rain fell.with tropical violcnoe for over an hour, lin. being gauged Much longer quantities, however, t must have come down ai Mfllbrook', fJlacl^hllL Oreen-hlH, and Portland-flat fcomo of the fulyan'oed cereals in exposed situations were levelled ; bat no loss will be entailed, as they will be out down on Monday and -saved. Farmers consider that a coper-' abandonee of moisture toas.now fallen, and they ereatly desire a.few weeks of dry weather to oaupe the bursting into ear ol the advanced cereals. Folate planting *1!i be concluded next wo?k. . Rain bits fallen berp Oils year so far on 139 days, amounting to 8$in. Th< p(inci|>al months 'during Vhlch rain" tell were January; May, -.August (over flip.), October, Korember, and so far December. , NJJILL, DBC,.6. -Considerable quantities of new wheat ere coming.forward, the price being 2s. Od. UtJTUERQLEN, Due. 6.-The weather is dullapd cloudy and threatening rain.' Oats are btlng threshed, the average yield being 20 bushels per acre. Wheat cutting commences next week. '* ? - B&CHE8TBB;, Due. A-The first of this season's wheat was brbngbt in this morning, and was* very good sample. Jt was grown on this farm of Mr. Henderson, of Ponnoobamawm, whose average is tlproo bags and ^half to an acre. It was disposed ot to one of the local wheat buyers at a satisfactory prioe, viz., 8s. 6d. per bushel . DII4BOOLA. DBC. 8. - The ' wheat crops 'are ripening rapidly, and harvesting will be general in about 10 days throughout this district. The average is expected to be from eight to 12 bbshels per .ere. CORDON, DBC. 8,-Referring to my agricultural , telegraa of Saturday, J regret to have So mention, that another tremendous downpour ooourred on San day, IIS points tailing in one boor and 90 minutes. The fiat country na submerrtd for same time to* depth of several inches, and it is to be feared that the soadened crops after Saturday's visitation, luring boen again subjected to Sunday's heavy saturating, may be irrecov erably destroyed. It is fine to-dav, how ever, and should it continue so some crops at least may be saved for hay or cut for green fodder. ECHUCA, Dec. &-Veiy little wheat was offered to day in the local market. Last week's quotations, Ss. 3d. to 8s. 4id. for old, and Ss. 4d. for new, are unaltered. There was no oats nor barley offering. KORONGVALE, PEC. a-Little wheat is coming into this market. The price offering is Ss. 2d. per busheL KOKOIT, Dbc. a-The showery weather during the la t week has greatly improved the prospects of the potato crops. They are looking much healthier now than at any previous period this Reason. The barley harvest has commenced, but .light yields are the rule. Uany fields are being cut in a half-ripened state to save them from the ravages of the cater pillars. These insects ore greatly on the increase, and are threatening the oat* intended for I)ay. The weather continues cool and showery. Y ACK AN DAK D AH, DEC. 8.-Yesterday this dis trict was visited by a heavy thunderstorm and the severest hailstorm that has been experienced for years. The hailstones, which were as large as pigeons' eggs, did a goad deal of harm to the young tobacco plants and to the pumpkins. The orchards too, have suffered to some extent To-day has been cool, and more rain is threatening HORSHAM, Due. 9.-Showers fell this afternoon, and a heavy storm is threatening. Haycutting is in full 6wing. A v ery large area is being cut this year for hay. The crop generally is very poor, and with the present low prices, the prospects ate not very good. MUETOA, Dec. 9.-The weather recently has been very unseasonable and changeable. This after noon a thick dusi storm passed over the . town, and this evening the wind changed, and a little nun fell, there being every prospect oI * further downpour. The crops around are not looking very well. In -many cases they have been1 slightly blighted, and even under the most favourable circumstances it is not thought thai the average will equal last year's, while the area under crop is estimated at nearly one-third less. . The early-sown fields are nearly ready for thestarlnper, the reaper and binderhaving started already. This latter tnofchine is coming more into favour, a number of those made by the more popular manufacturers having been pur chased this year. The ajrrieultural and pastoral society of this town intend holding a field trial of harvesting machinery this month, for which a num ber of entries have been received. RUi'ANYUP, Due. 9.-There has been nice cod weather during the last fortnight, with occasional showers, over half an inch of rain having fallen since the change. The wheat has filled much, better, th^n. was expected, and the sample' will be jjreatiy: itn-' Eroved by the recent showers and cool weather. The ay harvest is about completed, the yield being light and the area out small. The wheat is ripenine fast, and is now fit tor reaping. Stripping is not likely to commence for another week. The losnsts arc nume rous, but will not do much damage. SAN DHL" US r, DEC. 9.-Business has been fairly active in the local produce market during the past week, theinpufbeaJOgOCObagsof «heatana650of oats. Wheatshows signs of weakness, Ss. 6d. being the best price for prime; and oats are weaker than last week's quotations. A comparatively small supply - of hay has come forward, but it has been equal to the demand. A lew parcels of new wheat have been received, 60 bags from Molosra realu-ing 3s. 4£d. The following are the closing salesWheat, 8s. 4d. to Ss. 6d. ; oats, 3s. 2d. to 8s.4d.; Calcutta do., £s. to Ss. 3d.; barley, 3s. 8d.; bran, Is. Id.; pollard, la Id.; flour, £7 17s. 6d.: hay, £3 to £4 per ton ; straw, 27s. 6d. to 30s. 