Upper Cape. [feoji a correspondent.] Novembor 8. We have nowhadtwovory dryseasons, and we aro sanguine enough to oxpectthat tho coming ono will bo a ' boomer.' As yet tho weather up hero is oxeessivoly hot, but boyond that fact thore is no sign of rain. Very fow rain clouds about, although it is hot enough to fetch a thunderstorm down any ovening. From hore to tho hood of the Cape there is a fair amount of water in the river, but none back. Down tho Capo tho river is a bed of dry sand, and to got water you would probably Vavo to .sink seven or oiglit feet. From tho Upper to tho Lower Capo — 15 miles — there is a littlo water ia- tho river on the surfneo in places, but for dozens of miles below that, stock have to depend on waterholes back from the river. Tho grass- ia getting very scarce and dry. What havo made matters worse are tho bush-fires, mostly started by tho blacks, ofwliom'therois generally a mob, greater or loss, camped in'tho vicinity. They go wallaby and puudymdon hunting amongst tho mountains, and they light tlie grass in order to assist in the capture. About three weeks ago one of the Cape blacks killed his gin down at the Lower Cape and threw her body down an old shaft. Another black boy saw the body and reported the affair. Combo is the name of the murderer, and he cleared, same as a white animal generally does ?when he's 'wanted.' Combo made for the mountains and over towards the basalt, where the famous wall is situated. This used to be a great haunt for the blacks before they got partly civilised. Constable Burney and a black tracker, along with several members of the tribe, who professed to be very eager for Combo's capture, started to find the criminal, but all in vain. We have Isul. the railway open- now some weeks- to Bell'a- Creek, and for the last fortnight our mail has been running to thatjdaco instead of to Norwood. The post and telegraph offico, court house, and- police barracks are still left blooming-alone at Norwood, thought what good they are-thero if- would require one- with more than clairvoyant gifts to discern. Thu post and telegraptiofliceiEight bo safely abolished and the court-house and jolice quarters shif tedover to the ; railway terminus atBetts's Creek. The bulk of :the population o/this dirfrict is novriit Betts's Creek, and' it wosld be a convenience to them [to have 3ie court honso there. The next 'largest centre is -tee- Upper Cape. It is only ihree miles- furtherto- Betts's Creek, from here than it is to-Nonvood, so it would generally suit 'hands alf round,'' to quote Tennyson, to have tSe court honso at ^he-railway terminus. Wo aro petitioning for a bi-weekly mail to Bitts's Creek ; itis enly 2 J miles, so a.bi-weokly does not involvo a tremendous outlay. Lot the ;Governmenffgive ui*this little favour adopt the rotlenchmoEfcpolioyai Norwood, nndthecountry will be a gainer by th& transaction.. A police constable ought to- bo stationed oiiiihe Upper Cape. The liiw is outraged pretty frequently. Bloeks are given; if not sold, intoriflonts, and th'eyfight amongst themselves, making night hideous. TheinurCnr of the gin. previously Teferred to was- done under tho influence. A ?few days ago; I saw two . drunken blacks !accompnnying.-a:whii2 mam-to his oamp. The .whitoman wan not sofcer ; the blocks were arnied with tomahawks; and it is a woudir a seeond .edition of ? a-tragedy that happened in, JRavens- 'woodbome yoai'sugoura:) not repeatbdi- when a |manj. whoso namo I cannot recall, .went out of !town jwithi two' blacks, carrying- some grog ?with them, and' the next day lus -dead body 'was found hacked atout by toir.aha.wk3 and 'nuUfig.. SomeHiing of this sort will' happen 'liero yet? if the- blacks aro kept eupplied with /grog as they iiuve leen lately. . There ore .''mean'' whites: everywhere, nrAl it is aome ;of 'tho meanest who giTo or sell jgvog to the : aborigrhala. : It appears tno- roml from Beii4's Creek to HtighendenancT furthes west is reiiy difficult to travel' now om account of scarcity of water. It hasnevcrbeeniaittvouiite routo-for carriers on account of the- pouon bush betu-son Nor wood' and1 Huglwudcn. About ten diiys ago a party of' toamster.s came up tho/Gapj- to see if fch&ycoold;'fihd n. rmid over tho rrnngs- *nd go via Lolworth) andltmage-t on io-thc-Gid road Siatwa* always tnirElled bef.-to: tho- railway was opened1 to- Homestead. Tiio- conclusion.1 they camo'to'aftes- inspeutiou w*s thnfc teams, could'.not got uj-' at prc^mt. 3liggdes get nit, and' downs, and drays lightly loaded same as ffioso tlait gon«aBy a«omp;cny a travelling mob of cattle;. Money will hi,ve to 'io spent oa. theroad before- it can Us used. with;ttsy succos3» Tiio divisibnul fcourd lua tho ranges onder coix». sidorationt. Of courso as it would: to a longos route than- fcfte present dirosfa roiuJ to Hug:»i endon,. via. Narwooc\\. tho ? road) would ba abandoned' as soon 53 wet act- ra, so thai it would hardly be worth wha&\- speeding much money on it. Inmrnihgrvifocanmit coinplaihi much. Cijo or two- good patches havo been* got. 15 cud;. gavo-aVoufc TO02S., aid a tfru^ruefeed noarlj..90 ozs.. These- dabs givo tHo- Sfiider huater enconrtigemo-nt till tlie web scasoD sots in, when tho- nlluivial can bo got at-. Ba M'Donald's alluvinl- lease the goM appoars t» bo improving .- Work ' is- being actively caiiiodi mi, and a kiul-U ? lorgor pump is to lo pjit- iii-,. prosumatly to . meet tho heavy influx ui.'of ' Tarater that may ? take piaco if min Rhould .lobim. At Mount Davenport ths'TJaion Mine instill working-. Tho shoreho3(iiSrBr-at any rate th'osa, who found tho monoj— are» mainly Adalaidfe people^. They are Bpeiwltlig- their monjy,very pluokily in their enKvuvouca to find anethei patch. ?? ? 7*Tf»vmnl «-T*..-l 9' A rather sudden rmd mysterious, dbfiili ocoiirwxl horo yestei-i8.j\\-. Tlie deooa&ed; -\vaBia marriod woman nauyl'lCaryr Ann Wilson,, and! was the wifo of William- Wilson, a nton. -w-olt known on Charters IWc-ra. Tlie couple wBra both rather notoricuuon,aecount of thqif ecjuent rows thoy had vclcn under tho iuijtionto- oj drink; and sincih their arrival oa the- Cape, about two years, ntfo, their quarr»li)*hn.io-iK)t diminished. Bdh Wilson and hi}, wifo were finod for 8ly-grog-.- ueUJnif only ft f#w- raoatiw ago. Wilson obtained a i-rohibilion sgninst any publican bapply-ing his wife,. wit& prog about thrco weeks since, and etc.. appcara to havo kept eobec- until yesterday. Aa fiiqiiiry wus hold to-d*y, btioro Mr. G.' Jhckscn, J.P., into tho causo-of hor death, and- tllo doponitionH' went to Hhovrthat Wilnon on raiiucn homo from his work ntdihTiprtimeyesteriJ'ij'found his wifo drunk. She- threw somo hot water-over him and throw an ompty box through Hlo window into tho houso ; she wus on tho ver-mda at this time. Wilson went away to tho bock of Iho house,, but Alfred! Wilson, a boy of* 12 years old nnd a Bon of the- conplo, stopped' behind to try nnd' quieten Na mother, lira. 'Wilson then tried to force a stool through tlip window into rile houso, and in doing so feltbnok on tho giviuid on her book. _Th» boy theo ran for bin f «iher, and thoy carried hprtniio thohouso a?|l'laid her on tho bed. She never became sonsSble, and diedl in half an hour. Nobody else, bo far as. is yet known, aa,w lira Wilson fall, and thcto was a general nu.'ipiuion \- that Wilson might, havo struck J»is wifo and knookod hor Hovm^ A good deal ot tho ovidonco wont1 to show that Mm. Wilson ttos quite sober an hour before Mipovont poountsl whioli onusod hor death. Noovidocoo was forthcoming to ;show;that «ho pi-oourod any n?rog liuywhero. It is a pity ng. oxamiuation ut the body oonld not havo boon mado by a modioalman. A Mm. Jcphson. an.d Sonior-constablo Swoi'ds both stated thoy had oxaminiMl tho t»dy, and oa^-no bruttios or ?wounds on ifc.. ? . 