THE WEATHER IN NEW SOUTH WALES. LBy Telegraph.] Sydney, January 7. The maximum heat in Sydney was regis tered to-day at 100" in the shade. It1 was aimoBt painfully oppressive throughout the day, and the city was enveloped in a dense haze owing to the presence of smoke from the surrounding bush fires. What made the weather so intensely trying was perhaps not so mnch the direct heat as the dry ness of the air. The average humidity of the air of Sydney is about 70°, but to-day it sank to 26. Mr. H. U. Russell, the Government Astronomer, reports that the great heat last month was in excess of any thing he could remember during the past twenty-five years.. No other December ever, came near last month in prolonged intensity of heat. The atmosphere remained very stifling to-night with clear sky until about 11 p.m., when a southerly burster sprang up, but there are no signs of rain. Yesterday was the hottest day recorded at Bourke for the past three years. The Go vernment thermometer registered 120° in the shade, but at some places it was as high as 126°. The country around is reported to be in a wretched condition, and stock are dying in all directions. At Gunnedah the glass showed 119", which was the hottest since January 11, 1882. The River Namoi is very low, and dead cattle are lying along the banks in great numbers. Many beasts are too weak to travel around the town on their way to the trucking yards, On Saturday forty-one trucks or famished cattle from the Lower Namoi left Gunnedah for the Hunter. The weather at Uulgong to-day was frightfully hot, and strong westerly squalls prevailed, with oc casional hot whirlwinds; but there are no signB of rain. At Parkes to- day the ther mometer ranged from 110° to 115°, with clouds of dustandhot winds. Similar reports as to the excessive heat has been received from all parts of the colony, and want of rain is be coming a serious matter. Bushfires are also raging in several districts. A spark from the engineof amail- trainignitedthegrass at North Wagga, and the flames spread with alarming rapidly across some acres of wheat, which were consumed. In the Bega district the whole of the country is envoloped in dense clouds of smoke, and a large quantity of fencing has been burned, but the people were successful in saving their homesteads. Water has not been known so scarce there for the past twenty years. The heat was so terrible at Coonamble yesterday that the birds dropped dead from the trees. 