le @tpptslanb cTllies. MONDAY, MAY 12, 1884. ARE the interests of Trade and Agri culture antagonistic, and is it really pretended that "speed the plough" means "starve the mechanic" The question, at first sight no doubt, seems very absurd--ut then a very much greater absurdity gives rise to it. On the one side we have the self-appointed artizans and mnechanics' parliament, kntwn as th,o T ades Union Congress, aplpointing a delegate to visit the United Kingdom in the challacter of an anti-ilnigration agent; and on tls the other, the Chamber of Manufactur, indignantly repudiating the action of their old confreres and colleagues in the cqngress, and clamouring for immi g?ation l Yet bqtlh tl!ese representative bodies are, down to each individual member, strong protectionists. Could a greater farce, as affecting the rIHa. tions between labour and capital, well be conceived Z It wouol be very i- . teresting, nay very instructing, if one could know what particular classes of artizans operatives and laborers are represented in the Trades Union Cen gress, which pretends to hbelieve tlnt fertile country, rich (alhost beyond ctl. caption by the struggling millions iof the oil world) in material wealth and undeveloped resources, and in area, ex tensive enough to lose the three kit,. dours within its ample boundatries-- tlt such a country as this has no room for more than a million of inhabitants, lest at few hundred more carpenters, brick. layers, blacksmiths, shoemakers, and tailors should be attracted to our shores, to share the substantial proslerity which everywhere follows in the track of the temperate and thrifty toiler in the ranks of trade and labor. Such a policy as this, in a word, is narrow-minded, selfish, and wicked; it betrays, too, the very basest ingntti. tude, because the very people who ad:,pt it (many of them at least) are in their own persons living examples of well to do anl prosperous emigras from, the overcrowded haunts of unrequited and profitless toil in the old country. Hadl these people not emigrated, that is hail they not done the very thing which they now seek to prevent their brother em ployda from doing, they had never been in a position to exercise so munch as a voice in a mischievous attempt to stem the tide of commercial progress in the new world of their adoption. But there is another aspect of the case, and it is one which may perhaps be deemed, even by the most rabid anti-immig?ationist, worthy of some consideration ; such a policy is suicidal. It is suicidal in this way : there must be a limit to the con suming power of (say in round num hebrs) a million of people. That limit surely, so far as the requirements of the people render possible the profitable employment of capital in a given direc tion, must be very nearly reached when we find that during the last decade this colony of Victoria, spite of its boasted superior attractionls and many natural advantages, has not retained even the natural increase of its popila tion. M?. HATxTER'S figures show that during that period tihe increase of popn lation has barely reached two and a half per cent per annum, which meains that after adding in all the children born each year, and all the arrivals from Europe and America, the neigh. bouring colon'ies, anti New Zealaettd, more people have died in, or left the colony, than have come into it. This is a very serious matter, and the hare fact itself is more than sufficient to justify immediate legislative sanction for the revival of assisted immigration on an extensive scale. - That production, in almost every rank of trade enterprise, has already tver-. taken our capabilities of copmuniption is proved beyond a donltt by the action of the manufacturers, of which we have already spoken. These, tIhe em ployers both of labor and tlpital, though protectionists, as SIR GAv'ax DrFFY would say, " to the back bone and spinal marrow," can scarcely find fitting words in which to express their contempt and disgust at the anti-ihnui gration policy of their former friendls and adherents in Trade Congresst ssemhled. The former, though greedily insisting on all the protection they can get to main tain the monopolly in their own trales, cannot discover that their emplosys have any right at all to demand a monopoly for labor. "Let us have a constant influx of men and women from Europe, they say, as many as you like, and the oftener the hettet; but take care that no one else shall import the machinery required for the develop ment of their labor.". They know full well that a deficiency of ploughmen to till the soil, means a limit to the demands for agricultural machinery andl plougths so the healthy sentiment of "speed the plough". hecomes the motto of their adoption, frotm necessity, as well as from choice. " With a larger agricultural population there would be a greater demand for the services of men engaged in manufacturing industriesin towns, for each large town has several manufactories of the character in ques tion. More men would need more clothes, more houses, and more food, so that when the farmer has to do with out hands the country generally suffers, and rnot he alone." Happily there is one little difficulty vet to be surmounted before the Trades Union delegate can commence his anti-immigration stump tour itn Englitnd; he wants £1,000 to defriy his expenses. The money of course may bie pIrovided, for it is a paltry sum for so implortant an ambas sador from suchl an atgusSt hiody as the antti- ltrogressionists. But if it is, and this imbecile embassy hlie speedtled onil its mission, tlhen the farmning and mant facturing classes of thie colony shoald not hesitate to despatch a capable icent to travel over tite whole of the United Kingdomn, and Europe too if necessary, to promote emigration to Victoria by means of lectures and by any other iagencies which would aid him in hiis work. A few solid facts and figures put before the working classes of Great Britain, with just a spice of ridicule thrown in by way of flavouring, would very soon render harmless the ravings and the rant of a new world Trades tltionist in England, though another Dox appeared as his prophet. The engine and plant for sinlking the now artesian well in the .arket-square hare arrivedt, andt their erection is so nearly com pletedl that operations will probably be comi nesced to-day or to-morrow. The artesian bore at tihe Heart. put Idown by \ir tiem.ann, is progressing very satisfactorily, alnd it il expected thlt when thle snnd pump has donea ite work a copious supply of bright cleatr water, with sufficient uprise ferom the sr face, will he olitained. A telegram from WValhalla on Friday Ia?t esys:--A report was circulated here yester day morning that gold hadl been disacoP'eed in thle main tunnel in the Great Northern nine, which was confirmed last iight by some good gold-bearing quartz being brouigl into VWalhalla. The discovery is suppos? to be of a permanent formation, anl a con tinuation of the auriferous lode foeuntl on top of the ranees, andt 175ft south from the present fintI. Tihe shares in the compn are nearly all held by .\ellourne capitistt , there being few, if any, local shareholders The Civil Service Commissioners, consist in· of Colonel Templeton (clhairman), ilajo Coucthman, and Professor Irving, will pay visit of inspection to the various Government offices in Sale on Thuirsday andl Friday neat. The timber framework forming the fire. bell tower having been completed, the bell ill be hoisted into its place to-day. At ght o'clock this evening the bell will be -ns,. but on this occasion only to test its tne, so the good folks of Sale need not be alarmed. The long and wearisome drought may now be considered to have fairly terminated IIavyr rain set in here on Saturday morning, \---tin' with only short intervals throughont the day Yesterday good heavy showers a:asin fell, continuing up to midnight, and this morning appearances point to a continu ance of rain. The 3.15 p.m. train to.morrow will take 3 trucks of cattle from Rosedale for Messrs R. isilsos and Co., 2 trucks tor MIr .. ('. plocharty, 2 trucks for Messrs Powers. Rutherford and Co, 3 trucks fron Traralgon for the same firm, 3 trucks for :Messrs Peck and Co.. I truck from Morwell for leosrs p. Gibson and Co The -I 5 p.m. train will take from Sale, 4trucks for M1r E. A. Pater n, I truck for Messrs Peck and Co., 1 truck for Messrs King and Company, q trucks from Rosedale for Messrs Dal. Campbell and Co. The 7.20 p.m. train will I take from Sale, 2 trucks for Messrs A. 'Lean and Co., 6 trucks for Messrs Dal. Comphell and Co., I truck from Rosedale for 1es.-rs A. M'Lean and Co., 5 trucks fromn Heyfield for the same firm The 3 30 p.m. train from Heyfield will take 5 trucks for u Messrs Peek and Co., 4 trucks for Messrs Ryan and Hammond, 2 trucks from Traral- I an for Messrs A. M'Lean and Co., 2 trucks I for ?essrs Dal. Campbell and Co., I truck of pigs for Messrs Stratford, Strettle and I Co. The 5.15 p.min. train from Heyfield will t take i trucks of cattle for Messrs A M'Lean I and Co., 5 trucks for Messrs Peck and Co., aI,1 3 trucks for Messrs King and Company. I The total numler of cattle trucks loaded on all the lines for this week's market is 139. The Maffra Blue Ribbon Mission held I their monthly meeting at Maffra on Thurs day evening. when there was a large attend ance. and great interest was manifested in s the proceedings. A nablic meetins is announced to be held t at the Mechanics Institute, Cowwar. on Tihirday next, for the purpose of enrolling members and electing a committee of man agement Thie winning numbers in connerion with the recent Art-union in aid of the Catholic C(hurch at Bairnsdale will hbe found in our alvertising columns. The first prize con sistine of a valnuale piano, has we undler r .tamd, fallen to the lot of MIr Liwery, of this C town. A general meeting of the Sale Rowsin: Club was held on Friday crvening last, at the A!lion Hotel, the captain, MIr J. Campbell. presiding. A statement of the receipts andil expenditure in connexion with the recent re?atta was snubmitted by the treasurer, which showed, when several outstandling amounstc had been paid, asinall credit halance. A suEscription was inagurated amongst the mi:!hembrs, and liberally responded to for the purpose of presenting Master Chubb,. the coxswain of the Sale crews, with a trophy. and a ote of thanks was accorded him for hisservices. It was resolved that a rezatta t lhe!d on Monday, 26th ilust, to consist of a sr= tch fours and handicap sculling events. .t: the conclusion of the business \lr Ross ::ndered his resignation as secretary, which sras accepted with marked expressions of rezret. and a cordial vote of thanks was re cardedl in appreciation of the valuable ser- I rice he has rendered the club. \tr Green- a wood was appointed to fill the vacancy. A general meeting of the Sale Football f Club was held at the Exchange Hotel on I Saturday evening, Mr Ross in the chair. It t was decided to open the season by playing a match next Saturday, Sale first twenty v. twenty-five all comers. It was also decided to visit Bairnsdale on Saturday, June 14th, t to play the local team. The 'laffra Cricket Club have decided on having a social evening shortly, when the trophies won during the past season will be presented. The " mul' cricket match that was to have been played on Saturday afternoon be tween members of the Coursing Club and local Press, had to be abandoned on account of the inclemency of the weather. Whilst expressing our pleasure at the fall of rain, we regret that the public were not afforded an opportunity of witnessing what must hare proved a most interesting game. MIr Inspector Hepburn recently examinedl the pupils of the Walhalla State school. Thirty children obtained their certificates, and a pupil named William Donegan, 13 f years of age, won the local Board of Advice a certificate. Mr Sheehan. the drill instruc- c tor, was highly complimented by the inspec- r tor for the efficiency of his class. Two thousand three hundred persons have t taken the pledge, and 5,000 the blue ribbon a during the last five night- of Mr Booth's I temperance lectures in Sydney. Accounts are at the Receipt and Pay office for Avon Shire Council (t£152), A Beaver, A. W. Howitt, R. W. M'Bratney, Sale Borough Gasworks, B. A. Worrell, J. Robin son, S. Wilson, and R. Harding. An action for Ireach of promise, our 9arsfield. correspondent is informed, is to be commenced soon, and he gives a few par ticulars in his letter, which will he found elsewhere. Our Narracan correspondent writes :-A few weeks ago the Railway department de cided, at a few days notice, to apply to Tra fi.lar station the name belongling to this plece, a more effectual method for throwing into confusion the correspondence of the two places could not well be devised. Who is the party responsible for this blunder does not clearly appear, as to who are the victims appears clearly enough. The postal autho rities will not have two Narracan post oflices, so which the station is Narracan the post-office is still Trafalgar. all letters there fore addressed " Narracan" will. as usual, I he sorted for this office, with what results ] to the residents at Narracan they will soon find out. When it is borne in mind that a railray has been surveyed from .Moe up the Narracan Valley to this place, which, when completed, will render a Narracan station necessary here, the habruptness of the steps taken by the Railway departmeet will he clearly seen. A meeting was held at Nar racan \lechanics' Institue on Tuesday even ing, the 6th in-t., Mr D. S. Graham in the chair, wrhen two memorials were adoptedl andil signed hy the chairnman, on beIhalf of the meeting. One to the Postmaster-gene ral. stronely obljecting to any change in the name of this place, alnd requesting hlim to retain the present iname to the post-stfice at Trafalgar, and another to the Railway Conm iissioners. From the seventh annual report of the minion (Melbourne) for teaching the blind, we learn that this benevolent work hIas., during the past year, been energetically and successfully prosecuted by the mission teacher, .\r James, whlo, though deprivedi of his own siglht, and one handl. Iy a mining accident, yet, by the aidl of his dog, visits the various Benevolent Asylums and blind rieh-idents of many towns and districts withl untirius love for his blind brethren and sisters, seldom meetinm w-ith any accident or injury. Aemonag the paces visited are Gee loun. Ballarat. Ararat. Sanlhurst, Castle maine, \laldon, lary.borough, Kyneton. Sale. Bileehworthi, as wvell, as Melboine anil it extensive suhurbs. The (,ove.nment hwe. with much considleration, civen £100 a year to aid iii this work lof teaching the ,Iind, £50 for the punrchase of hlooks, ans £80 towrardsthe teacher's salary. The Conm tiinsoner of Railwvays has also continued the free pass for the teacher and his dog, whichi has enabled him to travel to the localities owhere those fellow-sufferers hlie loves so dearly, alld so patiently instructs, reside. A sommittee of gentlemen, tlhough residing in separate centres of population, has been formed during the year to superintend the Mission. andil aid .Mr Jamen' usefulness in thie ditricts. The loon conferred on the iilinol from their learning to read, and heing furnislhed with snelh a variety of in ·tructive and interestine books, can hardly I: conceived, andl they express their deep 'gratitude, especially for being enabled in their lonely condlition to rvesul in the Scrip tares, thewonderful works of Godl. Durng thei past year £8- 16s Id has been received mi susriptions. of wrhichl amount Dr. Single ton collectedl £43 7s (id. MIr James will be ini Sal5 h-morron, on Iis way to Bairnsilalc iiither hie goes to find outany blind bethera in need of instruction in reading, &c.; Friends knowing of any blind people who would like to meet Mr fames, should make known the fact of his visit, As evidence of tihe drought in the moun tain districts, the Walhalla Chronicle says: -Stringers' creek was never known to be so low at the present season of the year, and unless w,- have rain soon the batteries will have to -lspend crushing operations. The oed ol tine creek is filled up for a consider able distance below tle batteries with tail ings which are accumulating daily, and which must necessarily continue unntil a flood or heavy freshet carry them away. At a meeting held at Bairnadale on Thurs day last of the Gippsland Hopgrowers' As sociation, a report was received from the committee recommending that the Associa tion should le wound up, andl a comnpany formed under the Limited Liability Act, with a capital of £.,000. to undertake to advance money to growers on their hops, to provide for the storage and carriage of them, and likewise their exportation when neces sary., the contention being that by sel;ing hiops through one channel the growers will be Iwtter able to control the market, and obtain a profitable price for their product. Tihe report also directed attention to the fact that unless all the hopgrowers were united, it would be useless to follow up the scheme. Great dilfferences of opinion were expressed respecting the proposal, some members asserting that such a movement would only be calculated to increase the prejudice of tile brewers against Bairnsdale hops. It was eventually decided (says tile Aryus corres pondent) to wind up the association, the committee undertaking to carry out all the necessary arrangements for liquidating its liabilities. but no action will be taken at present in the movement. During the decade which ended with 18S2. New South Wales exported 25,426 horses bred in the colony, and the returns ,were £33S,502-that is. nearly £20 each. Tihe latest returns of live stock in tile colony show that they have fewer horses than they had ten years ago All told, they had at the end of 1SS3, 328.026, and Victoria had not quite 300,000. The principal colonies, not including New Zealand, can muster 1,600.000. The Toongahhie correspondent of the Recornl says:--We are beginning to feel the effects of the long continued drought very severely, in more ways than one. Since the late bush-fires, there has not been sufficient rain to make the grass spring, and conse quently there is little or no feed for stock. Tihe creek has long stopped running, and tihe water standing in the stagnant pools has become unfit for use so the Council have instructed their engineer to prepare plans and specifications for two reservoirs on Toon gahhie Creek, so as to be ready for the ex pected winter rains, but me must have water in the meantime, and the thanks of tihe people are due to our energetic council lor, Mr Slater, who by bringing pressure to bear on the Government, through our mem ier Mr M'Lean, has succeeded in getting the promise of a water-boring apparatus. This machine is to lie forwarded immediately to the Rosedale Shire Council, and as soon as it has arrived they have decided to start boring In the centre of the township, when it is to be hoped that it wrill not be long before we will be alne to boast of an artesian well, as our neighbronrs do in Sale. M'r W. R. Pennefeather, harrister of Echuca, who lately defended a Frenchman at the Deniliirnin Assizes, on a charge of murdering a man named Mizon. has sent a petition to Lord Loftus. praying for a re prieve of the sentence of death passed on the prisoner. The condemned man is a Frenchman, by name Cordini or Gordon, and owing to his not knowing English, lie was unable to instruct his attorney during the hearing of the evidence, or to under stand properly what was taking place, there being no interpreter present. Mr Penne feather's brief was handled to him only a few minutes before he went into court, and, altogether (says the Telegraph), there ap pears to have been a certain amount of pre cipitation in tile case ill-according with its importance. The following memorandum, for the in formation of rifle clubs. schools, &e.;, has )een i-sued by the Ministv.r of Defence: " At present MIartini-Henri hall ammunition is supplied to rifle clubs and schools at cost price. viz., l"s .,i per 100 rounds, whilst the militia are charged is Sd per 100 rounds, With a view- to further encourage rifle shoot ing. the Hon. the Treasurer has promised to place the sum of £250 upon the estimates for the ensuing financial year: the amnnition will therefore in future be supplied to rifle clubs, cadet corps, and schools at the same rate as charged to the militia. I feel assured that this action of the Hlion. the Treasurer will materially aid in making rifle shooting a national recreation, so that in time a very large proportion of the manhood of the colony will become good rifle shots."-F. T. SARGOOD. The attention of members of the Maffra Coursing Club is directed to an announce ment, in connection with the opening match of the season, which will be found in our advertising columns. The dates fixed for the registration andl mustering of stock on the Sale Common will be found elsewhere. Mir W. H. Smith notifies that he has opened a new boot shop in Raymond-street. The first rehearsal of the Sale C L.1I S. Minstrels will take place this evening at the Royal Exchange Hotel. 