\- GOVERNMENT EXPENDITURE ON TOWN AND COUNTRY. "We have been ceaseless in our endeavors ' Jo point out that, although according to all common sense and precedent, the public expenditure should be directed lather to open up any new country, and towards the development of its natural resources, by at least relieving them of all burdens, the various Governments and Parliaments of Victoria have moved in a precisely opposite direction. We have, hopelessly so far, attempted to prove to the mistaken people of the country districts that they are beinc taxed for the benefit of the town mauu- \- facturers we have again and again repeated the tale, to be again and again retold, that all Governments have been ..lavish in costly and magnificent public undertakings in the metropolis, while the absolute necessities of the country parts have been almost totally neglected ; ' and we have lately shown by their own figures that in the important matter of railway fares the metropolitan and Suburban inhabitants are treated with the most scandalous favor ; but we have argued, entreated, protested and ap pealed in vain. The time has, however, arrived when all these protestations and dennnciations should take such a practical form that they can be so longer ignored, and it is our present purpose to inquire how this can best be accomplished. It is of course impossible for us, or far any other newB- papt-r, however advantageously situated for the purpose — if, indeed, the journals ;So situated would care to make the neeesaary inquiries — to give in so 'many figures the relative public ex- -pf-nditure -on town and country works. "But it is possible to get such returns ; and here is a chance for Mr Billson, "Mr P. Wallace, or Mr Hall to distin guish himself in a manner that would ! -gain for him the everlasting gratitude -of the producing classes of Victoria. Let one or other of them, or let ' them all combined, as so -n as possible after the meeting of Parliament, call for a return of ' -©very shilling of expenditure on public "Works during the last 1G years, specifying 'the nature of the work, the exact amount 'Of cost, differentiating the general and local contributions to same, the date and, the -exact locality. As we would ek- elude harbor works, police and railways ' from the return, it would not be at all so -difficult to compile as might appear -at first sight, as the work would be \- divided amongst a number of depart- ''"XQents and sub-depErtments, as to \- make it a comparatively light operation. .Tor, although most of "them would come "Under the general supervision and con- ' 4fal a f 111 a 'unl>lta ««» nft.a 1l _ 3_ VA vuw uviiw bue roHae, —the' bridges, the post and telegraph-office, the law courts, the treasury has of course . ©ach a separate account of the monies Spent in its particular interest. Deubt- >-less all kinds of difficulties, real and -imaginary would be thrown in the way '. --of obtaining such a return, because it ."Would disclose a -state of things which has only to be exposed, in order that it -jfihould melt away as darkness before the arising sun. We would be even told that \- cat would be impossible to render such an account ; but the very fact of its'having | \- "been demanded, and refused or shirked, -.would raise such a storm of curiosity and ; -indignation in the country, that the im- -possihility would soon vanish into the i -"practicable, and end in its being a moBt . pimple and easy process. In excluding ' "railways, however, we would confine that -exclusion to railways proper ; as -we re- -member one nice little job in one of thaf tnain approaches to Melbourne, in-which ' \- whole street, under the designation of ; a " read," was to be formed by the Go- | Ternment on the plea that it ;Ied to 1 i9ome railway-station or other in. i. "the vicinity of Melbourne, we /forget which. 'When the seme plea was Used,- with irresistible force, in the case of the' Wangaratta Bridge, it was-siosply Janghed at. . But ouch a return, besides Showing beyond all donbt that enormous ieoms are being expended in Melbourne Mm »_ l t ivd (uuuo4fa»i.iugs ui tk purely joc&l; 'find municipal character, would give the whole colony the opportunity -of particu larising the more favored localities. ' 27o<sr we do aot say — and we are sura r that fite people of Victoria do cot say — that such buildings as ihe General Posi- . cffice, the Law Courts and the Housec of Parliament should net be built on =a I -teale commensurate with the wealth and- . position .of tbe 6o!ony — .although there ; ' has bees shameful extravagance, if not " jobbery acd corruption, In connestion . f with the last — but it would be interesting; Jo know if ouch has been done for the. i beautifying ©f Melbourne, hew little has jkeen granted for the rarest necessities of . lib© country districts. We amy ha<j© , (Meaeion to refer again to this subject. For the present we simpty commend it r Jo tbe consideration of our readers and \- the attention of car Parliamentary repre- ' fentatioes. - '"'(. turmtrikt Sale. — Messrs G. Pfatllip- ©on and A. Tene announce the sale at the i; Wangaratta Market-yards on Saturday, c 23r<i jnst. , of a number of horses (inclu ding the draught entire Windsor) and If farming implements of a superior quality, "MtThe property of Mr Jones, who ib relin- l|bquislung farming. . ( .. Beechworth Amateur Racing Club. —The annual meeting of this club will be held at Tanswell's Commercial Hotel at eight o'clock to morrow (Friday) evening. The business will include the reception of the balance sheet for the past year, the election of office-bearers, and the consi deration of the proposal to amalgamate the club with the Boxing Day' Sports Committee. It is to be hoped that the meeting will be well attended. The Hammill Benefit Entertain ment. — The entertainment given in the Oddfellows' Hall, Beechworth, on Wed nesday evening by the Amateur Minstrels, for the benefit of Mr James Hammill, a prominent member of the company, was highly successful. The audience was a large one, numbering over three hundred persons, and the extensive aud varied Brogramme was carried out in such a man ner as to afford a couple of hours' genuine mirthful eutertaiument to all assembled. Half-an-hour prior to the concert some thirty members of the Volunteer Fire- origaae (.cne <>:u esiauiisneu curpaj milieu out. and, forming a torchlight procession, marched through the main streets, to the excellent music of the brass band under Herr liartmaim, and a liberal display of rockets and other fireworks (locally manu factured by Captain A. McLean and Masters William and John Thomson) was made along the route. Punctually at eight o'clock the entertainment was commenced by an overture and open ing chorus by the orchestra and company, rendered in line style. Mr T. J. Gilchrist as stage manager, Mr J. Cunningham, jun. as musical director, aisd Mr A. A. Bill- son as business manager and intercolutor, performed their duties in a manner that rendered a hitch impossible ; while to Mr G. E. S. Robinson's energetic c-fforts as hon. secretary the success achieved, finan cially, was in a measure due. The length of the programme, and the late hour at which the entertainment terminated, must be our excuse for not mentioning the in dividual performances of each minstrel. Suffice it to say that all among the audience were, as we are, fully satisfied that it was one of the best amateur enter tainments of the kind given in Beech- worth, or, for that matter, perhaps, in any town in the colony ; aiid (we hope that the other minstrels will pardon u3 for being invidious) it was also generally felt that Mr Hammill, for the part he took 111 the evening's amusement, as on many similar occasions previously, was well deserving of the substantial benefit ac corded liim. It would be a grave omission on our part were we not to mention the fact that the success of the evening was greatly promoted by the high-class music provided by the orchestra — Mr James Cunningham, jun. (piano), Mr T. Wilson (violin), and Mr Henry Hollister (flute). A dance, well attended, followed the concert aud was kept up merrily until long after midnight. Beechworth No. 1 Fire-brigade. — The following are the teams selected to represent the above brigade at the forth coming demonstration at Geelong : — Double-hose : Hydrant, Lieut. A. Andersen ; union, Fireman H. Allen ; first branch, Foreman F. 0. Warden : second branch, Fireman J. Yoxall ; pole, Fireman W. Ward ; off- wheel. Fireman C. Mummery ; leading-rope, Fireman W. Mummery ; outrunner, Fireman G. Bruce, The members of the same team will compete in the special hose and ladder practice events. Single-hose : Hydrant, Lieut. Anderson ; union, Fire man H. Allen : Dole. Fireman \V Mummery ; branch, Foreman Warden. Hose practice for six men : Hydrant, Fireman T. Anderson ; union, Fireman T. Dalziel ; pole, Fireman H. Pi ' : first branch, Fireman J. Osborne : second branch, Fireman J. Slattery ; ou .runner, Fireman H. Davis. . The AJbury Brass Band, of twenty-five performers, will ac company the brigade to Geelong. ChreHET. — A match between the Corowa and Wangaratta Cricket Clubs will be played on the former's ground on Satur day, 23rd inst. The visitors, which will leave on.Fridy night, will comprise : — J. B. and F. G. 'Docker, Stanford, West, C. Hutton, Chandler, G. Willet, S. Willet, Smith, Clarke and Brunker. Stock Movements. — Three hundred fat wethers, from Ouat Ouatta. belonmino tn w v ' a — a the Hon. J. A. Wallace, consigned to Mr J. G. Dougharty, were trucked at Wah- gtmyak for Melbourne or Monday. 3612 store wethers from Bull Plain station, be longing to Messrs P. aud G. Grant, crossed at the same place on Monday morning, en route far Pentland-hills, Mr John Arm strong in charge. Beeze Distribution. — The prizes awarded to the children attending the Beechworth State- school during the past year will be -distributed fey the Hon. F. Brown, M.L.C. , in the Oddfellows' Hall to-KMrrow (Friday) eveniug. The pro ceedings will be enlivened by musical se lections, and,- to defray the expenses of the ; hall, adults will be charged the small sum of sixpence for admission, school-children being adniitte.d free. " The Illustrated Australian News. j — '-a copy or AgM a Dove publication for the 1 30th instHSii-handu., .Included tn the il lustrations' are sketches in the -interior of the new -Lshv'-'Oourts, and a supplement lis 3lso prejspgted, giving an interior 'viewof that magnificent structure. Portraits of 'the late Francis and Mr Richard | Speight, chairman of the Railways Man agement Board, and views of colonial scenery assist in making the present num ber of tbe "''News" at interesting one. The Haisgton Murder.— -The "Hamil ton correspondent of the " Age," tile- graphing oaToesdayj-states. Spider, 'the track tracker, was out all .day .ye 3. terday, bntwea no store succecsfiil then hitherto. He .returned to Melbourne1 to- day. Three snore black trackers ariavc-d early this morning and were out all da1 but -returned, having "failed to .discovery anything that -is likely to clear up -fci-.e mystery. It ic -believed that the .identifi cation of the C8eeased man. iscow esta blished. Mr Samuel Keen, of Sou tit Hamilton, has seen the photograph, and. recognises it as that of a laborer named. Michael Murphy whoihad been (recently employed on Mount Napier station. The ; police asa very active and are not leaving i a stone unturned to .clear up the- myateiy,!) but up tc the preset .they have aot .yet;, .made any .arrest. \ ; The Beechworth Rbdeift akd 'Pay! Office. — Mr A. W„ Duniaresq, late of- , ir smminuui, uas ueoaiippomtea receiver, and paymaster at Beechworth, and took over charge «£ the ofase -oq Wednesday morning. Money Hec/s is Tkuse.— £h England lately a measure was pasted 'by which all trustees and person in the nature of tries- ! tees in insolvency and composition and liquidation are oongea to pay into ttia treaauiy all sums of money held by tbexn, which have not been clairaed by the persons entitled thereto. The1 result has been that large sums of money have been found to be held by persons for years and years. No doubt, there is a large amount of money held in a similar. manner in this colony. f . Correction.— Iii our report of the Geunty Court action, Connor v Hey wood, the amouxc of damages awarded was erroneously stated to be £20, instead of £10, in addition to the sum of £9 2s paid into court. Blue Ribbon Army Meeting.— A very successful meeting in connection with the Blue Ribbon Army was held in tbe Stony Creek Church on Wednesday evening, 13th inst., writes eur correspondent. Mr Ji. J% Chambers, of Myrcleford, a reader of 1 he Church of England, conducted the meeting, aud was almost the only speaker. After a liytnn from Sankey's collection had been sung, Mr Chambers engaged in prayer. Ha then read a few verses of Scripture, and commented on them, after which he explained the principles of the army, and gave strong reasons for all being total abstainers. But he warned those who had become slaves to the habit of drinkiug not to depend 011 their own strength, but to go to God for power to overcome that and all other bad habits. After so.ne more sin£rin£t and a few words from Messrs Gillan and Biddington, all were invited to " Come and - join the army." Thirty-eight came forward, and after signing their names had the badge pinned on. Considerable amusement was caused by a figure dressed up to represent a very ragged and drunken-looking man, which some youths had prepared. Mr Chambers seized upon the old felluw, and kept him at hand 'to appeal to as an example of what drink will do for a man. Another meeting is to be held soon, and is expected co be even a greater success than the last ; as, besides Mr Chambers, who is a host in himself, other gentlemen will probably speak. Oxley. — Our correspondent writes : — Heat oppressive and muggy has been the order of the days and nights lately, and now, on Tuesday, at 9 a.m., the glass shows 92 degrees, and there is every indi- cation of another sweltering day. " Nevertheless, to the contrary notwith standing," the hop-picking goes merrily forward. Labor seems to be plentiful, and the crop promises to be over the aver age. On Saturday a bush-fire broke out in a grazing paddock belonging to Mr Hines, a butcher at Myrtleford. The paddock extends along the JSverton and Gapsted road on one of its sides, and along the Whorouly and Gapsted read on another, the other two sidc3 being bounded by bush and selections. The lire raged furiously during Saturday night, and many willing hands aided to beat it back from extending across the roads. All the grass in the paddock and tlia fencing have been completely destroyed. As I passed through the scene of the fire on Sunday evening, fences and trees were still burn ing, and many men remained all night to prevent the spreading or the fire to neigh- boring lands. On Saturday, 1st of March, the cricketers of Everton and Oxley will contest far victory on the ground of the Bana of Brothers Club, at Everton. Destructive Bush Fire at Wodonga West. — A large fire took place on Monday afternoon on the estate of Mr Henry Richardson, Old Barnawartha, whereby about 1000 acres of his best grass was destroyed, besides all the fencing of his paddocks. The selections and estates of Messrs Dyball and Son were also burnt ; but the selections of Messrs Leitch, Bidstrup and Auburn were saved. It is not known how many of Mr Richardson's sheep and cattle are destroyed until a muster takes place. Beechworth Police Court. — The only case that occupied the attention of the police magistrate at the above court on Tuesday was one of debt — Tanswell v Hodge : Claim £16 2s 6d, goods sold and- delivered and board and lodging. Thomas Tanswell, proprietor of the Commercial Hotel, Beechworth, deposed that the amount was correct, the usual charges being made, and that part of the sum due by defendant was for refreshments and cash advanced. An order for the amount, with 2s Gd costs, was made. Registration of Births and Deaths. Mr James Thomas Webb has been ap pointed deputy registrar of births and deaths at Chiltern, vice Mrs E. Lloyd, deceased. Resignation. — Mr George Connor has icaigucu xaao puoiviwu 04 n juaiuvfo u a uuv peace within the northern bailiwick. The Rainfall. — A table showing the rainfall for January has been prepared. The amount of rain, in inches, that fell at the undermentioned places in these districts was a3 follows : — Beechworth, 1.85 ; Wangaratta, 1 ; Bright, 3.73 ; Tal- langatta, 2.07 ; Eskdale, Mitta Mitta, 2.13 ; Omeo, 1.46 ; Wabgunyah, 0.82 ; Benalla, 2.79. Yack andandah . — O nr correspondent on Wednesday writes : — For the past few days the heat has been most oppressive. On Monday the thermometer showed 103 degrees in the shade, and on Tuesday 102 degrees. Even during the night the heat is very great. On Tuesday morning, at five o'clock, a thermometer showed 76 degrees. This great heat may in some measure be accounted for by the number of bush- fires in the vicinity. There is a very extensive fire up at Sutton, also a considerable one up Twist Creek, running in." the direction of Wooragee ; but the largest of all is up at Barwidgee. It ex tends for miles for miles, and at night the sky is quite illuminated by it. The town ship, especially after sundown, is com pletely enveloped in Bmoke. Whorouly Races. — A preliminary ad vertisement respecting the annual race- meeting at Whorouly on the 21st March appears elsewhere. Nominations for the Handicap, of 25 sovs., are to be in the hands of the hon. secretary (Mr J. C. McCaul) by 8 p.m. on the 8th inst. Spemnw n Hops. — Messrs .Tamnn Henty and Co. had on view at the pre mises in Little Collins-street, Melbourne, a splendid cluster of hops, on Monday last. The sample was very large and taste fully arranged on an ordinary pole. Albury Police Court. — On Tuesday, before Mr H. M. Keigbtley, P.M., and Mr P. W. Jackson, J. P., Alexander W. Flemming (on remand) was charged with obtaining money from John McArthur by | mea:as o£" a valueless cheque. Sergeant McGoffie asked that the charge might he withdrawn, for the purpose of laying fresh infori aatfesi, as it was ascertained that accusi id had the sum of 9s 8d in the bank on whibhthe cheque was issued. Ascused was du charged and re-arrested, and re- (' ncanded' for seven, days. On Wednesday, before 1 tr K. McLennan, J. P., William Perry wj w charged with inflicting grevious bodily h arm on Herman Schwartz, at Brocklesl y, near ELowlong. Constable Hugh Do\ ins, station© d at Gerogery,_ de posed that on the evenh ig of the 18th inst. he arrested the prisoner at Brceklesby, on the -charge ®t inflicting grevious ooaity harm on Hex man Schwan lz at Brocklesby on the 12th ii 1st. Priiont 'r admitted that fee had pulled the lad ' ofT" the Btep, but stated he had 1 to intention of so doing. Senior -constable"! ask ed for a re- mand, as the ny«BOOutor was in the hospital and cov nob attend- Accused was remanded f .wSJUWud-.. y- Outbreak of Scab in New South Wales. — A very alarming outbreak of sheep scab has occurred on Errowangbang station," owned by Mr - G. LomaX, "near Curcoar, states the Sydney correspondent- of the "Age." About two mouths ago 205\. sheep arrived from America, and after j undergoing detention in quarantine the animals, were sent to the station before mentioned. ; At the station the sheep in question were isolated from other stock. About a week ago Mr Lomax noticed a suspicious appearance about the sheep, and gave information to Mr Williams, veteri nary surgeon to the Government-, who made an inspection, and formed the opinion that the animals were suffering from sheep scab. Steps were at once taken to arrest the disease, and the station was placed in quarantine. Mr Bruce, chief inspector of stock, has also visited the flock, and confirms tbe opinion of Mr Williams. No symptoms of disease has yet manifested itself amongst the other sheep on the station. The fact that the 205 sheep have from the first been iso lated, and the precautions that have been LtlftCllj lOtlU LU tUC AAWjytS LUllb 1IU lUllllGi outbreak will take place. Wednesday's " Argus" has|the following : Mr Abbott in formed Mr Levien that the greatest care would be taken to prevent the disease spreading ; that the sheep and the build ings in which they had been housed would be burned, and the grass would also bo burned in the paddocks in which they had grazed. It is a remarkable circumstance in connection with the outbreak that when the sheep arrived in Port Jackson from Vermont, the Stock Department of Vic loria protested against them being al lowed to land, on the ground that it had been agreed by all the colonies that the importation of sheep from America should cease. The Now South Wales Department permitted the importer to land them, howevi-r. for the reason that a similar consig- ' 'i-ol just pre viously been admits-.- Victoria. It, was Dointed out bv U. - :h....irne office that the importation in:.. ; s colony was 011I3' allowed because the r.-ouUtiou agreed upou could not have been made public in America before the sheep were shipped, but it was also urged that that justification could not be pleaded so far as the Sydne case was concerned. Dangerous Play. — It having been re ported to the railway authorities that an attempt had been made to throw a train off the rails between Yarra villa and Spot- tiswood stations, Sergeant Considine was despatched to Yarraville on Tuesday to make inquiries. Accompanied by Con stable liashford, he proceeded to the State-school, where a little fellow confessed that his brothei, aged eight years, had placed a wooden wedge on one of tbe rails, reports the " Telegraph." Sergeant Consi dine reported the result of his investiga tion to the authorities. Inferior Liquor for Hospital Use. — Two analyses of the wines, spirits, &c.;, used in the Melbourne Hospital were submitted at Tuesday's meeting of the managing committeee, we learn from the "Argus." Mr J. Cosra, Newbery re ported the brandy as "simply a mixture of fairly (clean, though badly flavored, alcohol with sweetening syrup and flavor ing matter that the red wine seemed " to have had its acidity to some extent neutralised by the addition of magnesia and potash that the whisky was " an inferior spirit,', and that the tea ' 1 is poor so-called commercial tea, made up of several . varieties of black and green tea- leaves and some over-fired, dead or decayed leaves and stalks. " The result of uir o . \j. iu.uuuy s analysis is woraeu in stronger terms. The. brandy "'is sickly, resinous, and differs altogether from the aroma of a good brandy the whisky is " acrid, raw, resinous, with mawkish after taste the red wine was in an " ac tive state of fervent, sophisticated with a high percentage of acid, and dangerous to drink and the tea " lacks the quali ties which constitute a refreshing, invigo rating beverage, and is not suitable for hospital purposes." The reports were adopted. Mr W. Kidney, who at the previous meeting admitted his partial responsibility for the selection of the con demned wines and spirits, tendered his resignation, but the committee unani mously decided to request him to with draw it. Next Tuesday the president, Mr H. J. Henty, will propose the appoint- ment 01 a new cuiuuiii>tet), tu oe xnown as the "Providing Committee," whose special duty it will be to supervise the hospital wines, spirits and general stores." The Sandhurst correspondent of the "Age" states : A rather extraordinary discovery has been made with regard to the quality of the brandy supplied to pa tients in the Bendigo Hospital. Recently a patient submitted a sample of the brandy to Mr Trumble, a chemist, and a member of committee, and he, in consul tation with Mr M. G. Roche, the local excise officer, considered the liquor bad. A bottle was then .obtained and for warded to the Customs Department. Mr CI. T. Hammond, the eliief inspector of distilleries and excise, now reports that he has analysed the spirit, which is of a very inferior character, and should not be used for medical purposes. It appears that the brandy was of the brand known as "Le unmet marque, ana was suppneo- by the contractors, the Lyceum Store Company, at the low rate of 9s 6d per gallon. The brandy is worth 7s Gd in bond. The Ly ceum Store do not keep it in their regular stook, but get it from Melbourne especi ally to supply the hospital, the committee «f which will not pay a higher price. They state that they only make 7d per gallon on the brandy. Cattle Market.; — At the Wangaratta fortnightly cattle market held on Saturday list' a large business was done. We ("Dispatch") are informed that Mr Phil- lipson alone disposed of sufficient stock to represent Qabout £1000 to the vendors, less his modest commission of 6d in the £. 1 lie prices reauseu are nigner than has been obtained at any previous market for a similar description of cattle. Mr Tone also disposed of a large number of all kinds of stock, at highly satisfactory figures, but iu the absence of any report from either auctioneer, we are unable to chronicle results. The Grain Market. — The " Wangar atta Dispatch" of Wednesday last reports: — There is still considerable activity in the local grain market, and we have to announce a further advance in wheat since our last report, 3s 8id having been paid by Mr Phillipson yesterday, he purchasing largely at this figure. Mr Phillipson in forms us that at the North-Eastern Flour ATill Ilia nflwf iraek has bean fcha himiaat nf the season, wheat arriving from Oxley, Greta and Bundalong districts in large quantities. The closing prices yesterday were as follows: — Wheat, prime milling, 3s 8£d, and firm ; oats — brown 2s, white 2s 6d and in fair demand ; barley, 4s for good samples. Ladt Nornanby. — The health of the ><1\. iaMAnn /\f mASmsnklt Vt a MHnntln ilittivUluUOoa ui Aiuiiunuujr aim gicauij improved, and the fears which hitherto existed that her indisposition might have a fatal result has been dispelled, she being in a fair way to recovery, says the " Age." Her medical adviser, Dr James, is still in attendance upon her ladyship, and enter tains strong hopes she will soon be convalescent. Victorian Waterworks.— The storage capacity of the various waterworks in the' colony of Victoria for 1882; amounted to 13,000,623,932 gallons, the greatest stor age capacity in" any one "case- being the Melbourne supply, from the Yan Yean- namely, 6,400,000,000 gallons ; and the graetest drainage area was Malnisbury, 64,000 acres in the Colibaii scheme. (The total actual or estimated cost wa3 £3,S00,000. The Customs Officers alike a Mis take. — In almost every case the Customs officers bring into court in respect ;of the trade marks there is socle difficulty ex perienced in the question of the testing or tasting, of liquor, and the case against Mr Sullivan, of the King's Arms Hotel, Carlton, which was opened in the District Court last week and adjourned until Tues day, for a further test of the schnapps, goes to show that it is very easily to make a mistake, states the "Herald." Mr Moloney, who appeared on behalf of the defendant last week, said his client was so certain that the liquor had not been in any way tampered with, that he wished to have the spirit analysed. As the Bench were in doubt on the matter, it was agreed to have an analysis made by Messrs New berry and Dunn. The court already had the evidence of Mr Bruce that the spirit was not the genuine thing, being deficient of the taste and flavor of Woolfe's Schnapps. On the case being called on in the District Court on Tuesday, before Mr Panton, P. M. , and a full bench of justices, Mr Newberry, who had tasted and ex amined the spirit with Mr Dunn, another expert, said it was the real Schieds.m Schnapps. They admitted it wa3 some what cloudy, but gave as their opinion that that was possibly cansod by a bad cork, as suggested by Mr Moloney on the previous day. Mr Panton 3aid he had no alternative but to dismiss the case, with ten guineas costs agaiust the Cus'oms, on the evidence of Air Newberry. In doing sO Do rtJlllZlL K6CI ulKlC (16 COUIC1 11 II 61 6 L'SCJl 11 Q the pahita of a person who was constantly casting becoming vitiated, and it seemed to him and his brother magistrates that the case in point was a very forcible illus tration. A Nut for Protectionists to Crack. — " In 1SS2," states a New South Wales contemporary, " we imported from Vic toria, the Protectionist colony, to the value of £2,770,245 ; but we exported to Victoria to the value of £3,781,421, of which only £262,252 represented goods, originally imparted here, while the balance, £3,514,1G9, was for articles either manufactured or produced in New South Wales," Covering Stacks with Iron. — A new mode of covering stacks is being tried by Mr C. Naples, of Dean, and Mr Mitchell, of Clark's Hill, Bungaree, both of whom are roofing their stacks in with corrugated iron. Ten feet iron is used, two sheets betting rivetted together, and fixed with hooks and eyes to the crown, so that they can be carried up to stack singly and placed together with but very little trouble, says the "Age." At the lower edge the sheets are braced together with quartering, aud wire ropes are put over the stack, with heavy weights, are attached to keep the roof down. The system adopted by Mr Naples is somewhat similar, with the exception that lie has his sheets of iron connected at the crown with hinges. An ordinary sized stack ' can be covered in about two hours. Protection. — " The experience of this country," says John Bright, "ought to LUUVIUViU ilU UU1 LUlUUlta UL Cliti U ioUUlu Ui low tariff or no tariff. There is nothing in public affairs that tends more to make men dishonest than the system of Protection." Rich Bequests. —The late John Bright, storekeeper, of Wollongong, has be queathed to the Wesleyan Methodist Church in New South Wales property to the extent of £40,000. This equal to a permanent revenue of upwards of £2000 per annum for extending and consolidating the Wesleyan Church. The Education Act. — During the hear ing of some cases for breaches of the Edu cation Act heard in the District Court, Melbourne, on Monday, one of the occu pants of the Bench asked how it was that the parents of children who never went to school were not summoned, and attention given only to those whose children were occasionally sent to school, but who did not attend the proper number of days? The reply was to the effect that the tru ant Inspector acted under the instructions of tbe Board of Advice. But this is not an answer to the question which is a most pertinent one. Surely if parents who make some effort to comply with the Act are mulcted in penalties, those who make no effort whatever to do their duty should not escape scot free, says the "Herald." It is to be hoped, that now the attention of the Education Department has been drawn to the matter, some steps will be taken to bring to book the parents of these children who allow them to run about the street and make no effort what ever to send them to sohool. It certainly is not creditable to the Education Depart ment thatthere should be so many children who should ha at school roamintr at lurnu in the various districts m and around Melbourne. If, as is contended, education is the panacea for all the moral ills of humanity, the younger members of that portion of the community mo3t likely to need i«s restraining influence should not be permitted to grow up without-the pale of the schools. It is time this.matter was taken in hand in earnest. The Charities Board.— The Chief Secretary has under consideration a num; bor of names of gentlemen qualified to act on the board which is shortly to be appointed to inquire into the management of the charitable institutions of the colony, and probably a selection of the desired number of members will ho marin within the next few days, says Wednesday's "Telegraph." A Long Swim.— R. Phelan, the well- known New Zealand swimmer, attempted to swim from Dnnedin to Port Chalmers on the 23rd January. He swam very well until he reached Sawyers' Bay, when he had to give up, owing to the coldness of the water. When taken into the boat he was very much exhausted, and could not stand. The distance was 8 miles, and he was 4 hours and 40 minutes in the wa'er. An Unbeliever. — At an inquest at Sale, a juryman refused to kiss the Bible on the ground that he did not believe . in it. Mr Howitt, P.M., the coroner, immediately discharged the man. If people can escape jury service iu cms fashion the ranks of the unbelievers will, we fear, rapidly increase. J urymen at inquests get no feeB. A Check on Truancy. — The M. and D. Advertiser" says : — " An excellent plan for informing parents whether their chil dren are attending school has been adopted by Mr Oox, of the Maryborough schools. A stamp is usea to mars ma uuokb DOtn morning and afternoon, and the absence of this stamp donates that the child was not at school. ThiB plan will, doubtless, hav.e a great tendency to stop truancy, as every parent on looking at his children's home lesson-hooks will be able to discover at a glance on what days or half days bis children have been absent." The Frozen Meat; Trade.— There is apparently ; a . crisis .in the frozen meat trade. Supplies have been poured upon the English markit from -. Australia, New- Zealand, and South America, and tile English supply of meat has also proved so. great that .prices have fiilieii. A ship raent from Ly ttlotoh, New Z -aland, by 'he Tongariro, realised Mjd" per lb., ii very, small price. The carcases appear to have been very small. It may reasonably be asked, remarks the " Telegraph," why shippers of meat from the colonies do ne." more thoroughly: investigate: the wants o! he European public, and in place of send ing meat which only realises a small price per pound, send the. very best .quality of. food ? Important to BOshMen. — Those who suffer from thirt will -be glad t > learn the experiment of an old biishmrin that a large piece of flesh, cut from ah >rse and put over a fire until it is warm through, will yield a sufficient amount of gravy to satisfy tin- cravings of thirst, aud sustain the strength of b man for many hours. This is not theory ouc.a provea iacr, vvuen me nrsi muus if sheep went out t the Barcno a shep- lierdTmissed his way, and was lost with his flock. He was two very hot days without water, '.but suffered little or nothing from ihrist, fqfe when lie found he had the leg of a sheep" warmed through, into which he stuck a knife and sucked the gravy. Artemus Ward's Courtship.— The fol- lowing is Artemus Ward's explanation of why he courted Betsy Jane : — "There were many jiffectin' ties which made me hanker after Betsy Jane. Her father's farm jiued ourn ; their cows and ourn squelched their thirst at the same spring ; our mares both had stars on their foreheads ; the measles broke out in both families at the same time ; our parents (Betsy Jane's and mine) slept regularly every Sunday meetin' house and the ueighbors used to observe, ' How thick the Wards and Peasleys air.' It was a sublime sight in the Spring of the yeer to see our several mothers (Betsys and mine) wit.li their, gowns pinned up, so that they coudn't sile 'em, effeckionately bilin' soap together and aboosin' their neighbors." Wangaratta Borough Council. — There was no meeting of this body on Wednesday, only two councillors putting in an appearance. The meeting was ad journed till Monday last, and on Monday it was further adjourned till Wednesday. The " Dispatch" understands the reply of, Mr Norton regarding closing the Ovens bridge will be submitted by the Mayor, and doubtless some action will be taken in regard to the matter. The council have at least the power to close the bridge for an indefinite period for repairs, and as the workmen and means at their dis posal is exceedingly limited, if once closed for repairs, there is no saying how long it would taKe tne council to complete tne herculean task of rendering the tumble down structure safe for traffic. Drink Consumption in America. — The facts as to whisky consumption in our country, says the Chicago "Current," have been continually ignored by re formers who deal iu heated rhetoric. Officially considered something over 70,000,000 gallons of whisky are con sumed every year, but fully two-fifths of this amount is taken by certain branches of manufactures and arts, leaving about 47,000,000 gallons of proof spirits, in cluding spirits distilled from fruits and imported spirits, to be consumed as drink by the people. As there are 15,S30,349 males over 21 years of age in the country, Inn oAnntiiortiton ia Iood fltan rnm» rru llnno uliw UUllQtllti uIULI AO IwgO liliulA IUI At a year for each individual, aud counting the women . and juveniles who drink, this pro rata is still further reduced. The wine consumption is about 26,000,000 gallons yearly. When we arrive at beer, the consumption is found to be very large. Here it is judicious to admic some in temperance. The beer drinkers absorb nearly 530,000,000 gallons of their favorite tipple, all of which is made in this country, except about 1,500,000 gallons. The legend that beer is a " temperance" drink is not now generally accepted. The figures given are those of last year. Bush- fires. — The Shepparton corres pondent of the " Argus" writes on Tues day " that the bush-fires which started on Wednesday evening last a few miles from the town continues. So far the damage done may be estimated at £3000, out of which William's Bros, lose £1000, Several other fires of no serious consequences are also'raging" in the neighborhood, and in the majority of cases they are attributable to the careless manner in which farmers burn their stubble." The " Age" corres pondent at Wagga Wagga, telegraphing the same day, states : — A bush-lire broke out on Saturday on Mr Davis's selection on the Pomilgarama, and spread to the adjoining paddocks, belonging to Messrs Mackay and Copland, where, after a few hours, it was subdued. The fire broke out several times through the night. At noon on Sunday a whirlwind carried the. flames into the long grass. It was again sub dued, but broke out on Monday afternoon, and burnt itself out. About 2000 acres of grass liave been destroyed and 5 miles of fencing, with a quantity of hay, the nfftnavftr r\f \T » Tlnvia A Virtu f OAHA notmn Wi MAl . AXt/Ut(U AIVVU nut ca of grass have also been destroyed on the Murrulabate run, the remainder being saved by a belt of green timber. \- A Woman Killed by Lightning. — The Sydney correspondent of tbe " Age" re lates that a woman named Harriet Cleave was struck dead by lightning on Tues day at Evan's 'Creek, near Mud gee. She had just covered up her sewing machine, and had one of the needles in her hand, when the' electric fluid penetrated the slabs of the hut, and killed her on the spot. The needle was twisted in all directions. The Hop Market. — Tuesday's " Daily Telegraph" reports : — Hops are more in request, and we hear of a parcel of 1883 GippBland placed at 8d for an inferior sample. For new crop, growers expect Is 3d, "and are prepared to make shipments to Europe rather than accept low rates The aame journal of Wednesday states : For good samples there is a better inquiry for hops. Publicly, the line3 offering were passed in. The "Bairnsdale Advertiser" of Tuesday reports : — There has been a moderate. inquiry for hops during the past week, and trade sales have been makin< at slightly better prices. Publicly, how ever, although some large lines were offered, a1 few small lots were disposed of. Trade sales of Victorians are makine at. up to la 3d. We hear of a small lot of new ornri" havin?' linen nlanari at figure. Tasmanian are offering at tip to Is in bond. For Kents 2s 3d, duty paid, has been obtained. Bavarians are rasvin" off qnietly at 2s 3d, duty paid. A Defaulting Legal Manager.— Ac. cording to the "Age," the meeting called by Mr Fletcher, the defaulting legal mana ger, did not take place at Sandhurst on Tuesday ; no directors being present, in consequence of a legal opinion being given that they would bo liable to prosecution for compounding a felony. Tho London derry Company appointed Mr Christopher Moore manager, in place of Mr Fletcher. No action ha as yet been taken in the way of prosecution, and the conditions of _ affairs is extraordinary. j . The Blue Ribbon Army Movement — The temperance crusade of Messrs Booth and Glover in this colony was opened with great success ou Tuesday night iu tho Exhibition building, Melbourne, says the .("Telegraph." Between. 50GO. and GPOO'parsotis were present ; the two- champions of the movement were surroun- deii "! the platform by a large number of J cU-rcyraeii and leading men in temperance 3'n-ae'ies, and the /galfery leading up to the to was occupied by a monster choir decked with blue ribbon. The Rev. H. A. Ii tngloy presided, -and; , his opening remarks sounded like a fitting keynote 'to the mooting. Stirring addresses were delivered by Messrs Glover and Booth, each of whom explained the nature of the Bine Ribbon movement, emphasised its claims on the support of the Christian public, and called on the men and women of Melbourne to join tho union, and rescue the city from the blighting evil of strong drink. The speeches were interspersed with hymn3 and temperance songs, solos aud duets, by the .choir. At the end 1150 sigued the pledge, 'and donned the badge 'of blue. Yackandandah School Board of Advice. — The following letter appeared in last Wednesday's issue of the "Wan garatta Dispatch" '::—" Sir, — My atten tion having been called to a paragraph in your issue of the 9th inst., and- purport ing to be a report of the local Board of Advice, No. 296, at a meeting held on the 31st January last. It becomes my duty to explain tbe statements therein as these statements are apt to mislead any of your readers who are not acquainted with the peculiar"inventive powers of your correspondent. A case of alleged obscene writ ing on their slates, by the children of the local State-school, has been under the consideration of the board for some time past, and had caused con siderable correspondence. (This is at the service of anyone who may feel curious oh the subject.) The evidence obtained showed that there-were grounds for the rumor, but that the head teacher had taken measures as were required at the time. Upon this the board con sidered that no good would be served by carrying the inquiry further, and it was then resolved that the teacher's, attention be called to the existence of this rumor with" a view of! putting him on the gua-d against any similar occurence in future, and that, as the principal witnesses had each accused the other of being the means of spreading this rumor, they may be left to settle their disputes amongst themselves. This resolution is in my possession in writing, and contains nothing about washing machines or any other of your corres pondent's patents. A copy of this ' resolution can be had from me at any time if required. That your correspon dent should abuse the Board of Advice is Ulllj 11 litlU Ulajr t'O CAjJCuUCUt X.ISL J 1/1 WUlOU he has a grievance here as everywiiere. When sometime since a vacancy occurred on the board and we were asked by the Education Department to recommend some eligible personjto fill it, this — weil, inventor — kindly offered his services, but the gentlemen'then in office were too well acquainted with his wonderful gifts to entertain such a proposal, but instead obtained the consent of a respectable townsman tojact, who is now a member, and of course comes in for a share of the abuse. Trusting that I am not trespass ing too far on your space by my explana tion of a very unsavory subject. — lam, sir, yours respectfully, R. M. P. Michelsen, Correspondent Board of Advice, No. 269, Yackandandah. 14th L Cut UCAA J AUUUI, Unprovoked Assault Upon a Clergy man. — The Sydney correspondent of the " Argus" on Tuesday telegraphed : — sudden and unprovoked assault was com mitted at the. gate of St. Andrew's Cathedral this morning |upon the Rev. Edwin J. Sturdee, curate of the cathedral, his assailant being a labourer named Patrick Boylen, a big, strong fellow of about 2S. He had come in from tha waterworks without, apparently, having any definite purpose in view. He placed himself in front of the cathedral, and a3 Mr Sturdee was leaving the deanery, at about half-past 9 o'clock, he advanced: within the gate as if to meet the curate, and then without saying, a word stabbed him in the thigh with a long bladed knifa that was held in hikhand. Mr Sturdee ictu UawA w UAAO ucuuoij- J wuoio auutuy afterward he was examined' by Dr Bestic, who found that the blade had penetrated the flesh about an inch . from the main artery. The wound- was such that if it had been upon the artery it must hive proved fatal. In the meantime, Boy fen made no attempt to escape, but walked up and down the pavement in front of tfc cathedral for about half an hour, durinj which the inmates :of the deanery wet» afraid to go for assistance. At length, ic formation was given to the police and thi offender was arrested. . His right hand still held the. open , knife wit which lie had attacked the curatei He was . taken to . the Central Police Station, and locked up, charged with wounding with intent to commit grevious bodily harm. Mr Sturdee W33 removed to his residence in Macqnarie- street during,- the .( forenoon. He knows DOUUl'g. uUnljOiuL UI JDUjflQIlj clUU Uttt never seen him before. Boylen appeared to . be recently under the influence of drink, and it is supposed the assaultjwas committed during a fit of madness caused by drink. The Rev! John Osborne. — On Sunday evening the Rev. John Osborne, who recently retired from the ministry of til® Wesleyan Church, delivered the first of a series .of Sunday, evening lectures, which he contemplates establishing in Sydney in the new Masonic Hall," Sydney, report the " Age" correspondent. A crowded audience assembled "to hear the openiii? address, the title being' the' " Basis of the Platform." At the conclusion of the dis course, which was listened to throiighoat with great attention, Mr Osborne said nisi he had renounced the clerical profession, with its titles, and become a layman, ana would ask the audience to regard him a layman, and when any addressed him by fetter to use the prefix " Mr" to his nam® instead of " reverend." He further re marked that when he sent in his resigna tion of the office of clergyman to the re- t cent conference he stated therein that, it was his intention to continue membership the church, but in view of the action ® the conference in refusing the request cf the congregation to p 'rmit him to occupy the pulpit of York-street. Church until th® end of March, he could not adhere to_hi® intention without bringinghimself into jusc contempt with all right thinking and honorable men. He had, therefor® severed himself completely from tj1® church. He was satisfied with tho dis tinction of being a citizen of their nob-® country, and his hope iva3, by means o his teaching, which the thoroughly vepr®" sentative assemblage before him were en dentl.v determined to heartily support, would give effective rebuke' to the and intolerance of the majority . £ . ii Wesleyan clergy, and produce a " order of citizenship A large number o fe the members of t.be. Y!->rk street Wesley1 B Church, sympathisers with Mr Osborn g have also resigned the position of me g bersbip, with the object of seconding I Osborne's efforts in the direction of mo sj | liberal and enlightened teaching. |jj Red £5jd White Wdtes.— French doctors almc3t invariably prescribe red wine rather than white, and Leibig bears them out, as the following, found among his writings, proves " The white wines are hurf-ful to the nervous syBtem, causing trembling, confusion of language e.nd convtilsiens. Tko stronger wines such as champagne, rise quickly "to the head, but their effects ar9 only of short duration. Sherry and strong cider are more quickly intoxicating than the generality dl wines and they have a peculiar influence on the 'gastric juices of the stomach. The intoxi cation of beer ia heavy and dell, but its use does not hinder tbo drinker from gaining flesh. The drinkers cg whisky and hPflTlGV 2TA «YYinc f A DawfatM J aL Tk i J av n uv vvi iaiu uctlbli, X\i6Q wine is the least hurtful, and in some cases really beneficial." Holxoway and Advertising. — " Atlus'' (Mr Edmund Yates) writes in the London : "World" of Profess ir Holloway : " He: "was a shrewd, amusing man this same: 'Professor,' and .very daring. He oncei enclosed a chsque for a thousand pounds ' in a letter to Charles 'Dickens, winch he- placed at Dickens's disposal on condition that one line of complimentary reference to Kolloway's cures should appear in the book which Dickens was then publishing Id monthly numbers. The bearer waited for ah answer." " What did you do?' I asked Dickens. "Do !" lie cried. "I put the cheque back into the letter and sent it down to the messenger, cayinc that, was all the answer I had tc send!" I remember wishing the Professor had been anxious to obtain mention in one cf my books at the same price. I think T-should Lave obliged him. "Banquet to tee Ministry.— Some time ago the president of the shiro invited the "AT inic+rrr tn nf + 1\\.» knAnUillL kuho va iikc xlwopiviahty ui the shire during the hop-picking -season, and that invitation was -accepted, the "Bairnsdale Advertiser" states. A ban -qnet will be given by the chh-e council to the Honorable the Premier and members of the Government on Saturday, -the Sth March. The Hon. Graham 'Berry, Chief Secretary ; Hon. A. L. Tucker, Minister -of -Lands ; and the Hon. Colonel Scrgood, Minister of Defences, will represent the Ministry on the occasion. It is intended to invite the members of both Houses of "Parliament, and provisicu wili'ba made 'for about -350 guests. The Age -07 Woman.- — Two friends who 'had a dispute as to a matter of .propriety asked the New York ""Sun" to decide between them, and this is the subject : j "He says that a lady-would regard it as i an insult if 3he was asked in company by a -gentleman what her age was. ' I say that J it is no insult. Will you please toil us who is correct?" Undoubtedly a lady might '-he asked about her ago in a way which would make the question au insult. But, in general such a question is an insult to her, rather a gross piece of imper tenanee. .-Resides, -why should yon wish to know the exact number of 'her years ? What concern is' that of vourc ? You-can see for yourself : VJ3t what she is, you know whether she has the charms of youth, : -or lacks them. A women- youug -man, -is as old as she looks, and no older, 'That is- why it is so impertinent to ques tion her on the subject. Your heart and your imagination ought to make the question unnecessary. For the purpose; of the census it is nec63sary to ask women ; their ages, which niuct also be given to satisfy certain other requirements of the Taw. -But otherwise it is most imperti nent and unnecessary to ask them the date. -or meir oiccn. a unarming -woman is : always young. An .-Electric Celling. — One of tlie novelties in electric lighting which elicited ' much admiration at tlie Vienna Oectrical ' 'Exhibition, is a hall, having its -Ceiling in the form of a dome, painted blue to re present the sky, and thick inlaid with parities cf bright gold" in the form of small star electric lights. '.-The effect is very -pretty, and adds another to the many beautiful ways ill which electric lamps adapt themselves to decoration. The 1 Fecundity of Snares. — The "Southern Argus" ha3 the following : — " A. gentleman of Qur acquaintance at Wheeo -writes : As it may be interesting to -soino of your readers to know how prolific some snakes are, I send you this little item. On Saturday as I wa<: riding through the bush I -was suddenly sur prised by a snake coiled in the grass. I quickly -dismounted and despatched the reptile, which was about four feet and a half in ; length ; it wac of a variegated species, having a succession of dark- coloured rings. As it appeared thick in the bodyil thought I wwuld sea what kind .of fare it '.had been enjoying ; so I cut it open, and to my surprise found -forty- three fully formed young snakes from 7 to 8 Inches Jong and plainly showing tlie species erf the parent snake. Birds . that destrov such vermin ousrht to be rigorously protected. Messrs Kerferd and Gillies. — From Wednesday!' " Argus" we learn that Mr Kerfsrd and Mr Gillies were to leave by the s.s. Wausrapa that afternoon for Now Zealand, and tbey will be absent from Melbourne for about a month. Mr Deakin will act for Mr Kerferd in the Attorney-General's department during that time, andthe will also, -in his capacity as Commissioner of Public 'Works, per- .form what duty will be required of the 'Minister of Railways. ; Masonic. — The preliminaries were on; Tuesday arranged for the installation off j£ir W. J. Clarke as R. W. District Grandj Master of the Freemasons or Victoria! under the English iConstitution. The date tkxsd for the ceremony is Wednesday, March 26, at 11 &jm.;, in the Town- Hall, Melbourne. At £ o'clock in the evening Sir William Clarke will entertain 1000 maaens at a banquet in the Town-hall. On the following evening a grand, sompli- meciary ball will be .given to Sit "William Clarke in the Town-hall. A strong com mittee lie to be formed, in order to carry out the-.necessary detach and preparations with ae much elaborateness as possible. The leading members of the craft in the neighboring colonies are to be invited te take part cn what is intended shall be the largest Masonic gathering ever held south of the line, says the "Argus." Mr Cile- ments has fcean entrusted with the cator ing. Cases or Sunstroke. — A magisterial Inquiry was field before Mr H. M. j Keightly, coroner, at the Albury'Hospital s on Tuesday, touching the death of Hugh Humphries, a laborer residing in Albury. The evidence showed that de- ceasea was at cuutiatt u Maeaalay-street cm the 18th inct., and .about 4 p.m. he was seen to leave his work end lay down. One of his mates went over to him, snd asked hitu if he was sick. He replied " Yes, I am very ill." He became insensible and nerer spoke again. He was taken to the hospi- . tal, and attended by Dr Kennedy, whose evidence tended to show that death was caused by sunstroke. Deceased died at midnight on the 18th inst. A verdict was returned in accordance with the medical testimony. Another young man received a sunstroke on Wednesday morning ; but somo ice was applied to the spine, and he is recovering. 