NANANGO. iFItOM OUR OWN.OOUHEaPONrjENT.l _ August 29. DOUBTLESS very fow pooplo in this district know that tho proprietors of Colinton Btation aro fencing in tho main road through Colinton with a partly barbed wire fence, and tho road in question will bo only a chain, mid in some places a chain and a-half, wide. This road has always bcon tho highway for stock from the Dawson and Burnett, aud still further north- wards. From a roliable sourco I find that sinco January, 1884, 27,121 hoad of cattle, and 22,800 sheep, at tho least, have used this road. When the fencing in is completed Iho lane will bo sixteen miles long. Paney d ¡lieront mobs of stock travelling in opposite directions moot- ing in this rood ! Tho roault will be that the Btrongost mob will carry, tho other with it, or tho lonco will bo knocked down. If oo, tho stock will bo trespassing. The only remedy is for tho Govornmont to proolaini a new road for travelling stock. This can, I think, be donoby leaving tho present road boforo you reach Colinton head station, and following up Kan- garoo Crook a short distance, and then follow- ing tho Brisbane Hiver closely, which will thon join tho Kilcoy road. Tina will suit stock going oitbpr by Kilcoy, itc, or by Esk to tho Logan, &c.; The attention of tho Government should bo at once drawn to this important matter, an largo numbers of stock will be pausing here shortly for the Logan and elsewhere to bo fattened. I am told tho road by Kandaroo Creek would bo a good ono for stock, as (hero is plenty of water available Whon tho new road ¡^proclaimed it is to bo hoped it will bo at least ten chains wido. In the scrub on the Kingaroy-road a settler has a selection upon which ho is at present sinking a woll. Tho soil goncrally is a kind of red loam. The well is at present ubout^Oft. deep without tho soil changing in the least. This kind of'soil ought to suit farmers. No> chance of working out .ground Uko this for years and years, and for vinca and fruit trocs I should say it could not bb excelled. This scrub is about six miles from Nanango, and it is quite possible a payable goldfield may be found in this district iboforo long, about which I shall havo moro to say shortly. On tho afternoon' of tué 24th instant a very good thunderstorm,, with rain and hail,..fell about tho township, besides somo earlier in the day. I waa surprised ,to, (find the rain only extended a short "distanco boyond the town. At tho present time, I am sorry to say, it.'doca not look uko moro, and bush- fires aro to bo seca in all directions. - ~ Tho following stock havo passed through tho township during'the last few days :-On the 15th instant 687 store bullocks from Milton to Tucker Tucker, N.S.W., T. M'Cosker in charge ; on the 27th instant '830 storo bullocks for tho Logan. Joseph Jackson in chargo ; on the 28th 600 store bullocks from the Bowen River to Cressbrook,) D, Harris in chargo. TUE fortunes of tko_Australian Company still remain at low-wator mark (Bays tho Port Denison Times)( aome 4000 carcasses taken homo by the steamer Eversleigh having been con- demned in London.' ' TUB machiuery at Poolo Island having been proved to be defective entirely new machinery will be senÇ, oat from, Knglnnd, some portion» of it boing already on tho way (says tho Port Denison Times). Tho so-called new machinery recently erected was taken out of ono of tho steamers, and was no moro reliable than the original plant. When tho now engines and boilers, which aro Hanlom's patent, are m placo there will, wo hope, bo no moro breakdowns. Another punt- will bo-forwarded, and HO pre- sumo tho steamer which was said to be building and which is very much wanted. Very good clay bas been found on the island, and a large number of excellent bricks have been made thero. .Alargo quantity of timber,is required (£500 wot'tli), and the order was offered to the iocaliaaw'nult proprietors, who, however, ewing to the difficulty'in getting logs, wero unable^o undertake it, and the timber will bo procured from Bundaberg", ' which is much to bo re gretted.^MÇf Stevens loft on Monday ..night; for' Rockhampton, in order to inspect the Lake's Creek Meat-preserving Works, moro particularly the tinning process, which it is proposed to commence shortly at Poole Mund. II T P X i Ona readers will rcgrot to hear that there is a likelihood df operations at tho works of the Central Queensland Meat Export Company ceasing within the next two months (soys the Rockhampton Bulletin,) The drought has had the effect the directors of tho company pre- viously feared, and theynow find that mobs of cattle do npt, arrive so rapidly as could be wished, lind they will cease to travel altogether, shortly. Q.I'making inquiries of the chairman of directors, Mr. B. P. Livermore, we learned that tho number of cattle slaughtered doily is less Lthaui it was aomo time ago, and that tho services of flie men aro being dispensed with gradually,-'rio that a large number may not be thrown QUt,of employment at ono time. There are sufficient, cattle booked to keep the works going till lue 25th October, but after that data what is now-and has been for a few months-a busy locality v-will* become comparatively de- serted.1 "In their last report to the shareholders tho directors' declared their intention of extending ,their-(OBpratjjius by preserving sheep. That promise thoy have fulfilled. Twenty-one thousand five -hundred sheep havo been pat .through" this season; and others aro now being slaughtered. The number of cattle manipu- lated since preserving was resumed has been 20,000. 