OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. One unexpected result of the bootmakers' strike has becu the organisation for mutual protection of a union of the employers of labor iu the city and suburbs. The masters are bettering the instruction oi tbe men and showing thai two can play at tbe game of bounce. From tbe general support given by the trades to the men on strike, tbe employers of other descriptions of labor are shrewed enough to see that the case of tbe boot manufacturers to-day may be theirs to-morrow. Hence the necessity for co-operation so as to be in readiness for the evil day. "When they see so many different varieties of tradesmen subscribing week by week towards the support of such a 6tupidand scandalous strike as that tor which the paid agent ol tbe Bootmakers' Union is responsible, it is no wonder that employers, as a body, should feel disgusted at the spectacle, whilst marking (he moral it conveya. Take as an example the Typographical Society, a very intelligent body of men, and yet they have been 60 foolish as to subscribe ^500 towards tbe maintainance ol a strike that was originated and fostered for the mere purpose of advertising and ministering to the miserable vanity of a professional agitator. The organisation of the Melbourne trades has no doubt been productive of much good, but recent events have disclosed this very serious evil—that workingmen consider tbe interests of their class superior to those of truth and honesty, and will freely subscribe a portion of their weekly wage to support a strike that they know perfectly well has no justification or reasonable basis whatever. They contribute, although they do not beliere in it, because each trade has an eye to a possible future strike on its own account, when it will need the pecuniary assistance that it is extend- ing to the bootmakers to-day. This lively sense of favors to come has enabled the bootmakers to eat the bread of idleness for three months. A conference of employers of labor and representatives of the Trades-hall has been pitting at the Exchange, but its deliberations have not so far tended to the settlement of the strike, owing to the Trades-hall delegates tyrannically insisting on no work being dqne outside the factories. [An agreement has been arrived at.] From all parts of the country comes the story of the bush-fire fiend destroying all before it, and adding another weighty grief to the already numerous woes of the unfortunate larmers. Vice-royalty itself was endangered, for tbe raging fire in tbe Mount Macedon forest came within a few yards of the Bummer cottage in which Lady Loch and the little Lochs were temporarily residing. The Governor at the lime was absent on a tour through tbe Lilydale country, but a telegram announcing the danger brought him with all possible speed in a special train to the protection of bis household. A lucky change of wind diverted the course of tbe fire and saved tbe vice-regal cottage from destruction. And the mention of fire suggests a passing reference to the insurance companies, many of which have been holding their halfyearly meetings during the week. Such of them as were in tbe bappy position of being able to declare a dividend of some sort have bad quiet and orderly meetings, but there were others—and they seemed to form tbe majority—that were not in that happy position, and &B; a natural result, frowning snareholders, disgusted directors, denounc -d managers, and boisterous meetings have been tbe rule rather than the exception. From the general teuor of the speeches it would appear that the companies are cutting down the rates as low as possible, and by a parallel process, cutting each others' throats simultaneously. It goes without saying that the inevitable prophets have been exercising their vocation in this matter, but it does not require much of tbe gift of prophecy to predict with tolerable certainty what will happen if this eort of cut-throat process continues, and if the insurance companies do not put a check on the ruinous competition which has been indulged in for some time past. Our Wesleyan friends have been making a demonstration in force before the Premier, presumably with a view to the overawing tbe bead of the Government and frightening him into sweeping Sunday trains out ot existence with one stroke of bis pen. But Mr. Service has bis lesson by heart, and the big deputation did not succeed in getting a single Sunday train knocked off tbe list. The Premier professed his sympathy with tbe views of the visitors, but gave them the unwelcome news that be was as powerless to interfere as they were themselves. The three railway commissioners, MefBrs. Speight, Ford, and Agg, had been invested by Parliament with full power to run trains when and where they cbooBe. " Can they run Sunday trains into the country as they like 1'' anxiously inquired a member of tbe deputation. "They can," responded Mr. Service, and tbe rev. gentleman and the crowd or followers looked at each other significantly, in evident realisation of the fact that tbey had somehow got into the wrong shop. They have also apparently realised tbe utter uaelesaness of appealing to tbe commissioners, for these gentlemen, tbey well know, would.reply that it was their duty to run the railways on commercial principles, and with a view to the greatest good of the greatest number. And snch a reply would be unanswerable even from the Wesleyan standpoint. Passing from ultra-Sabbatarianism tb nltrateetotali6m, it bas to be recorded that Mr. Nimmo, M.P. for South Melbourne, and a shining light of the Temperance Hall, has been seriously appealing to his fellow-commiBsionen on the Harbour Trust not to ap- point any men to the service of the port who could not prod ace a total abstinence pledge, properly signed, or display a bit of blue ribbon on their coats. But sad to say, Mr. Nimmo is about the only teetotaller on the Harbour Trust, and his colleagues were so cruel as to laugh consumedly at tbe suggestion. They also smiled considerably at an official report of the strange vagaries of the new steam ferry on the Yarra. This ungainly vessel was designed to connect Spencer-street with South Melbourne, but it has turned out to be a moBt unmanageable sort of craft. Nobody can make it go straight from one side of the river to tbe other, and the way it plays about in all directions is very amusing to everybody except those on board. Besides, it has a nasty habit of going very slow in the centre ol the stream, and afterwards proceeding at full epeed until it crashes into the wharf on tbe other side, throwing men, women, children,and luggage into one promiscuous heap. On account of these peculiaritieselderiy people are beginning to let the steam ferry severely alone, preferring to walk half a mile round by the Falls bridge rather than have their nervous system disorganised by too mnch excitement. The principal patrons of tbe steam ferry are the small boys who pay their pennies with no other object than to get all tbe fun they can out of the "blooming punt," as they irreverently designate the latest addition to our river attractions. Seriously, this large and cumbersome craft is palpably out of place on our narrow river, however useful it might be on the Ganges or the Mississippi. 