YACKA.NDAXDAH. (PROM OUR OWN ' CORRESPONDENT--): IfiDndAT The weather has for the ptat .few daya been 'oppressively warm. On. Thursday the thermometer showed upwards "of 100 degrees in the shada. ... The grass is getting very much bnaied. up, and water is becoming scarce, even for drinking purpor ies, in some places in .the district. ; whib ,t moec of the miners have had to suspf nd work,- owing to 4he want of water, nd are seeking employ ment nf othf r sc iti. - Bush-fires ar d burning all round 1 the ranges, oos 1 jrge one extending frpm; Clear .Creek ' co Hillsborough. There is another exrsf jsive one up Twist's Creek, and a third to the. south aud .west of Wooragee, v .hich covers a large piece of country. . -. i A public, meeting has been called by the sr .aidenk of the ehiro (Mr Daniel Mop. g »n> far t , Xonday evening, the 16th ihst. , . to urge o a Government the necessity 'fop a clerk 0f Petty . Sessions, and receiver aud pa' ymsater, being . permanently ' sta tioned here, and also to urge them to, pre- coed t once with a permanent survey of, ths rv -AlwM line .between this , and Beech- wort' j. The inconvenience whioh the .gob' jc put to by the present arrange- ment is very great. Summonses cannot be got when wanted, and people come in great distances from the country to pay rent, and find when they arrive there is no one to receive it. Only on Tuesday last there were no fewer than four people came in fsr the purpose of paying rent, and had to return home, two of them upwards of twenty miles, without accom plishing the object for which they came. For the ten weeks ending Friday, the 30th January, the sum of £786 waa paid for rent at the pay-office here, now this means £4967 a year, surely at that rate Government might afford to give us a permanent officer. By the Civil Service Act which has just come in force, one de partment is to allow its officers to do another department's duties, now in this place there are several Government posts which could bo filled by one person, a clerk at a salary of £150 a year could easily accomplish all tho work, and if so the exchequer would be benefited by several pounds per annum. The railway, too, is a matter which ought to be at once commenced, for tho sooner the line is completed to Beech- worth. tho sooner will Government begin to reap tho advantage of it, as whenever it is commenced, and farmers aro sure of it, more ground will bo brought into cultiva tion far the growing of all sorts of produce which are not at present grown, owing to the heavy carriage from this to Beech- worth. All your readers in the districts of Woorageo, Indigo Creek, Allan's and Osborne's Flat, the Junction and Twist's Creek, I hope will coino and attend the meeting, and show that they are looking after their interests, and do not intend, if they can help it, to allow the district to bo entir-ly overlooked in two such impor tant matters. This Hho of railway ought to receivo from tho inhabitants of the Upper Kiewa their most warm support for their best chance of getting railway com munication with Melbourne will be via Yackandandah, the line (I heard a prac tical engineer a.-ivl would he verv easv of construction, the only difficult place being Palmer's Gap. It is therefore to be hoped we will have the pleasure of seeing a number of our friends from the Upper Kiewa on the platform at the mooting. I notice on tho road from here to Beechworth, between George Kelly's farm and Mr Oldfield's there is a large ditch on the south s'de of tho road which wants to be fenced very badly. If it is not done, some accident will happen there, which may cost the Beechworth Sbiro a very great deal more than the price of a post- and-rail fence. I believe some time ago a person did get into the ditch in the dark with a horse and buggy, but luckily no great damage was done. 