THE BETHAXGA MINING DIS PUTE. It is very fortunate that the dispute between the Wallace-Bethanga Company aud the men belonging to the Amalga mated Miners' Association lias virtually come to au end. It is perhaps still more fortunate that it has avowedly arisen out of a misunderstanding, so that the treaty of peace between the two can be accom plished without leaving any old sores, which might possibly break out afresh, or take a considerable time to cicatrize. We purposely refrained from alluding to so delicate a subject, as, while men s minds were agitated, our remarks would most likely have been misinterpreted by cither side, and probably by both. ri'l. . .1 OiMiin M'lt.iii 4V.i JLI1C UUiC UilU, I would have felt compelled to express an i opinion on the merits of the dispute, ! and to oiler some advice to the disputants, i We are happily relieved from su<-h a difficult task by the newly cemented re lationship between the company and its citijiloji A?, and especially by the handsome manner in which ihe been brought about lty both sides. Be cause, on buili it seems there were mis apprehensions, if not absolute iaulis. Mr Wallace frankly admits so much on the part of the company, and the men arc not much behind him in their repu diation of certain acts which were attri buted to them. We can, therefore, with out any fear of perhaps making bud worse, review the contention, with the hope of preventing a vepeniion oi an evn wnicn is nearlv new on this goblfiebl. It- seems t hut a branch of the Amalgamated Miners" A.-urhwioii was formed at Be- thaiiga some Uniting.). Now, such organi sations are not only perfectly legitimate, but must advisable and praiseworthy. so long as they confine themselves to the ordinary purposes of such societies — to concentrate the strength which comes from union, as against external circttm- slniun.-, and for mutual internal benefit. We have no reason to believe tliat the Miners' Association has any otliev objuci. But in all such societies there are to be found mischievous men, who foo often assume the leadership, and bring the tea! objects of the members into suspi cion. tin the other hand, the outside world, more especially employers and eapitaii.-ts. view them with jealousy and ci:.tuti.-t. frequently without having the slightest reason to do so. in the Bethanga case both these opposite ami j totally unnecessary and unfounded feel ings Seem to have been brought into play, and a series of mistakes on each side l'.iune 1 the seutim-nt into a tl.une. with the unhappy results which are now but too well known. Wo would take leave to point out to capitalists tin t working men have a perfect right to combine for very lawful purpose, even to strike aud to induce their companions to strike for such, objects as to obtain a rise in wages or a diminution in the hours of labor. And it is always v.u-e in employers to recognise ihe right even when thev consider the demands so ex- travagant that tin y must be resisted at every hazard. Because, while on the one hand, a few men amass immense fortunes out of the labor of those th-y cmpioy at insufficient wages, the latter frequently ovei-r.de the value of their labor, ami demand an increase oi wages which cwuid nr. \vn: the employer from ; irning the capha! necessary for the > : -cessi'iil carrying out of the under- i . rug. It i. hi re the danger lies, j; ' there is -i greater danger behind. Y, 0 a few mi: combine for any v- they must endeavor- to o.- .In culverts, and then enlist thuin as in the On gaining snlii- c: v.. br.'iigth, i.-. v. ver. in iiu:.ibm\s and i-r„:!nis:tiiiiu, these associations sonie- n ::c- become so iil-advised as to pro- a"g::: .--'it ami pns.dvtising. thivats and umeiKo. in order to oh- ; Mil recruits, ami t.» force their em ployers to v'chi to demands which :uv perhaps impossible to grant. In the B.-th mgi di-'p.r -. i: is asserted on the part of t!m company that their now lo- br.iteii notice oi the 21sl March, that no Union men would be taken on, was misi'.m rpii-ied. iin-muhi as it was ouiy iiiieml 1 vo apply to certain members of the a?- i -i i- ion who, it was said," had . endeavored to make others join hy J means of intimidation. Iu spite of J some of the loiters which have born published, we arc willing to take the j denial of this by the members of the association at Bethunga as a repudiation ' of the principle which would be nothing less than an unmanly and intolerable tyranny. Moreover, such a system would he suicidal. Take Bethanga itself as a possible instance. There is no doubt whatever of the natural value of that field, and its certain success ultimately. But both reason and ex perience have proved that without capi tal it wonld have been stone dead long a would have revived. "When wo consider that through the persistence and the influence of flic Hon. John A. Wallace about .£100,000 lias been spent at Be thanga, withont a single shilling having oven gone back to the shareholders, and that the great hulk of that sum went ;n WftffGS JUKI tim iUr i>ALuAir. lis Mill ready to find the siuews of war to fight this all hut desperate battle, we may well wonder at the " unwisdom" of the working miners in endangering so great an undertaking. It is certain that they themselves could never carry it through, because capital is in this case an abso lute necessity. Indeed, that capitalists have persevered with it through so many failures is due to the indomitable ob stinacy of the very man on whom some irreconcilable endeavored to fix the blame of this controversy. It is, indeed, lucky for all parties that the threatened contest has ended with honor to both sides, as the mines of Bethanga are practically incxhaustable, and will he a source of prosperity and independence to hun dreds of working minors, and a heritage to their children anil children's children for generations to come. It will also nrnwnllv lie the means of reluniiniT to the shareholders, who have so plncklv clung to it, their enormous outlay, to be expended, no doubt, in similar en terprises. Wanoahatta Birthday Races. — We beg to remind uir readers that this meet ing will tako place on Monday, 25th inst., and everything has been done hy the com mittee and the stewards to make it a grand success. All the ordinary trains suit exactly for going and returning, for all parts of the district ; bub in order to sneciallv accommodate the Beechworth people, who behaved so well in the matter by declining to clash with the Wangaratta Turf Club, Air Moorhead. the hnn secretary, has provided a special train from that town, leaving at 10 a. in. We may also mention that tickets on all the lines will be issued for the last train on Friday, the 22ud, and all trains on the 23rd and Monday, the 25th, at Friday excursion fares, available for return till he last train on Wednesday, the 27th May. Albi'ry. — Our correspondent writing on Friday, says : — The Independent Order of Oddfellows, under the American Consti tution, intend to commemorate the 4th of J uly Independence anniversary, by holding a ball in the Alburv Mechanics' Institute on Friday, 3rd of .full'. Nearly an inch of rain has fallen during the week, and the weather is still threatening. Messrs Nelll and Jackson, contractors, have received a communication from the Secre tary for Works, stating that the Commis sioners had not. received their tender for works at ilia Beechworth Lunatic Asylum. The firm have telegraphed to the Post- r.iaster-Ooueral for an inquiry ; as the letter containing the tender and £20 iu notes was posted and registered in Beech- worth. A football match will be played at. Chiliern to-nii>rrow between the Federal City aud Chiltcrn Clubs, and a treat contest, is expected. The following plav fo" the Federals: — J. Allen, Ballard, Clarksoii, Clark, Doiighton, Eek, Fratz, Fitzpatrick, Dixon, Fleming, Kennedy, Lipsett, L import. Laughtou. .Mclntyre, Pinainier, Reid, Williams and Howard. Football. — A match will be played on Monday, 25th inst., at Baarinutha Park, between teams representing the Trades of 15 -ecliworth and the Beechwortli Football Club ; play to commence at 2 p.m. sharp. Tee following are the respective teams : — Trades: Allen, Ansell (eapt.), J. Bray, Clements, Dennett, Duncan, Martin, Morgan, O'Brien', Patterson, Scanlon, Spencer, Taylor, Todd, TV/.er, Yoxall ; emergencies, Flower, le>\ and Ryan. Beechwortli : Andrew-. Brown, Burke., Chamioii, Coverdale, DiiAyn. Drenen, Egan, Greig, Harper, Liuirauce (eapt.), Liycock. Morgan, Molynetix, Mu'.cahy, Nolan, Keilly, Bundle. Sliarpe, and Trim ; emergencies, Davidson, Fox, and Morri son. Markiaok. — The friends of Mrs Kett, recently of Wangaratta, and widow of the late Air Henry Kett, will he pleased tc learn that she was married at Kynetwn on Saturday last, to a gentleman well and most favorably known iu this district, as a police officer, a cricketer, and a kind and agreeable comrade — Air Robert Cawsev, who retired from the service previous to his marriage. L'j.-r. — We have been requested to draw attention to an advertisement in another lumn, having reference to the loss of a 9 nCillOrilll «» purse and money, the property of Mrs Soulhy, of the Post- office Hotel, Beech- w..ri'i. 'The Uirle. — Mr John Fletcher, of Ford-street, B«echwoith, in our advertis ing C 'lnmns solicits orders for the revised version of the Bible, copies of which will be received by hi :u from England in a few days. Bechabitk Anniversary. — The mem bers uf the Albion Toot, l.O. R., will celebrate the anniversary of that institu tion bv a lea-meeting in the Rechahite Hail, Ford-street, Beechwortli on Monday evening. A public meeting will follow, at which addresses ow the subject of tempe rance and musical selections will be given. Monday Evknino's Concert. — The Ovens Benevolent Asylum entertainment, t<> b- In-1 1 at S'. Georges II all, Beech- Worth, on Aloiiday evening next, promises be a gr-.at success. The programme ia m exceedingly attractive one. Besides c oisi.lerablo local talent, our young friend, .Mr dailies Hickey, whose exertions have b -.!i -o successful on previ nis occas;ons on behalf of the charities, takes promi nent p-.ri. The Stanley Dramatic C ub. favor ably known ill tho distric. will ojv.- \- cr.d of their amnsitrg performances. V."e hoo-s to seo a crowded house. Skr.jeant Flood. — Having obtained -i\ :n -:itli3 leave of absence, Sergeant Fioo.l, second in command of the Beech - wi.r'h police-station, will leave for a visit t < his uative country (Ireland) hy tK- st -.im-hip A.ustral on the 12:h June. t> claim the property lately bequeathed him -nid, r his father's will, amounting to one £7000. Airs Flood and family will r--;a ,in in Beechworth, and continue t occupy the sergeant's quarters at the station during his absence. We cordially wish Mr Flood a pleasant trip home everr enjoyment while there, and. a safe return t » Beechworth and to duty — it being his intention to continue his connection with the force. " Fcn on the Bristol."-— The above comedy is to be produced by Air John F. Sheridan and a talented company in St. George's Hall, Beechworth, this (Satur day) evening. For tho benefit of those who have not seen the piece it may be necessary to give a short summary of the business. To begin with, it is necessary to explain that ' the Bristol" is tho name I of one of the steamers plying between New York and Boston ; and although the funniest episodes of the play occur on h.,ard and are broad enough to please a French audience, the whole thing is one of those clever American comedies which command success because it is " every day" and conies heme to everybody. "The Professor" and " Confusion" re quire no pistols and coffee, no blood and thunder, 110 trunks and tights. Tho men and women (and babies and dogs) they bring on to tne stage are people wo um - selves meet «wry day, and hence the comfortable way we sit down in our seats and prepare to enjoy the show ; and then, when the proper sequence follows, viz., an able " c'dlsborateur" who knows how to write a dialogue and nketch a scene with comical complicated situations the treat is complete. . Mr John F. Sheridan is sh Irishman, and in this particular pi ty ho acts as an American widow. She has been married twice and is again iu the market. The girls have their lovers, and a certain Yankee Count (a music teacher in cittli Avenue, New lorKj oeaieges me citadel of Mrs O'Brien's heart while os tensibly instructing Dora and Norali in the mysteries of semi-demi-quaver. The widow's first husband had a friend who has a son, and this young man with the perversity (" cussedin-ss" the Americans call it) of human affections loves Nor ah instead «f Dora. This is one compli cation ; a gontloman of color, a waiting in in in the O'Brien establishment, named Jerrv, wlio is married under the rose to Belle, a alavery of the house, is another ; and these two arc quite sufficient to bring tho first act to a close amid general con fusion. The second act brings on the real fun on tho steamer, and we have it as broad as, if not broader, than it is long. Tho scone is a very animated one. On a boat carrying the passengers of so mixed a population it would be expected to find a heterogeneous company. And it is mixed. We bave them of all sorts, nationalities and provinces. And we have our own particular party. The widow is on board with Count Menaggio ; the two girls aro on board trying to elope ; one of them is dressed as a man ; and there is a theatrical company. The mother gets to know that her daughters are there, and to " bc-wl them .out" assumes various disguises, so does the " Count," so do the girls. These com plications together with the travelling comedy company, and the stewards- more especially the stewards — made a conglomeration of incidents that is per haps the acme of fun ever achieved on the stage. The third and last act climaxes tilings, and does it in audi gradual do- "l tvo Lllut lllw |)lvvl-3o |/llijm|l!| In fict we may as well inform our readers that from start to finish they must be prepared to Ir.ngh. If they do not wont or are not able to do that they had better stay at home from tho " Fun on the Bristol." It is fun all the voyage ; aud it is well that the trip is not a 1-ng one for human nature could not stand the demands levied upon it in the direction of risibility. Ai.iu'ry Stock AIdvements. — Air Geo. E. Mackay, inspector of stock, reports : — 9236 merino ewes and 179 rams from Victoria to Wagga Waggs, C. L. Stewart owner ; SfiO merino ewes from Wagra to Kerrigan, Jerilderie, J. A. Morris owner ; 1600 mixed sheep from Mo rven to Wal- gett, George Alatchett owner : 1800 merino ewes from Hawkeaview t j Mimosa, C. F. Fraueufelder owner : IO.SOO merino wether weaners from Victoria to Bland, llenry Bicketson, owner; 000 merino wethers from Dnoa.il C'ootnu to AIol- Lnuriit!, Thos. and J. J. Keighran owners; 1700 merino wethers from Ouniie to Sydney, Cobb ami Co. owner? ; 55000 me rino wethers from Toouia Si Seven Creeks. \Y. H. Haley owner ; (T5i.\> mixed sheen from Annaii-lale t<> Berringun, W. J. Singleton, owner : 11,157 merino wethers from Kelatigie, A'ictoria, to North- Yanko, H. and 0. Douglas '-WII-T3. AIim.n'i; Accident. — A telegram from Wandiiigong states that a fall of earth took place at an earv ho :r on Thursday morning in the iiiidergr« ind workings in the Wandiiigong Estate IX'ep Lead Com- paiiy'3 claim, by which a miner named W. II. St-»rey was seriously injured. Dr Wiekens was sent for, and. attended to the sufferer. Theatrical Note.-. — x\ correspondent, writing from Sydney, says : — During the past week, at tho Theatre Royal, Sydney, tho dramatic coinoanv under tne stage management of Air H. II. Vincent, has h -en playing the Comedy of the " Parvenu, " which has given place to " Our Boys," the title being rather applicable just now, as ' Onr lLys" tire on th.-ir way l ick from the Sou.hm, and if n<>5 with the glory and -.mown they hoped to achieve when they left these shores, they will still receive the reward of their countrymen for their pluck and courage in th"ir wish to help the mother- land. At the Op >ra House Alias Jeffreys Le vis (although a great feature always in America, she has'iere in Australia proven a pecuniary lauui e; nas just con cluded her engagement and, 'tis said, will shortly leave for California. On Saturday, the 16th inst., a most successful matinee benefit was tende-ed to the widow and six children of Marcus Clarke, one of Australii's best of literary men. who died at a very early age. T.ie theatre was generously 'given to her fr-e of all charge :>y Mesws Rignnld and Ailison ; and ATr D in O'Connor, the head t.iul chief of the whole affair, labored meat strenuously, ami must have felt gratified oil seeing such a criwded house. 1 s the course of an a-hireM to the audience he spoke with tnncii smssot tooling against tne managers -i tho 'Iheatre lloyal, who would not allow any of their company to assist in so worthy ii charity. On the 23rd in,t. thu AI i j-T- >nis will commence:, new season in a play riil.'d the " Foundry M ister. The t wo eotspiuiies of minstrels are Still greatly attractive, and RiguolJ am: Allison's new theatre, at the corners or Pitt and Market s-reets. is going up most rapidly. Miss .Marie de Grev and her c inipauy, lately arrived from N-w Zra'atn', are now (o, a a Tl,ni..s- < 5 1 fchl'ir rn England. The " Fun on the P.riskd." " Gratian Kigjs" and " C mfudon" com panies :>r-: visiting the no country p aces, and are all Joing "o il. From AI- ihnurtie heir " I -an the" and " Boluidii ' are great success. -s ; whilst a. tne Opera House AfrO-.-orgo Rigivdhi3 just con cluded as-'v.-n weeks' tr. Yt prosp-r his run of " Cal.al Kick.'" an." ins r -vivvd tin- great unitary drama cdit-.l "Youth," altered a d a.tapt-'d t.. trie doing « in the J lw.1 1 »i.». r fVlfc i Hw « llflt? t!l; .-itiv jS'.ou wiiltie produce i a ne .v ;«lay by the popular athor and actor, George Darnell, ' who will iuisel; make h:s r appearance in .Mid bourn as the hero : his new work. I hear tut Ge-wge Augustus Sala is meetiug -ith groat sucress in Queensland, and tiiatMi'S Genevieve M'ard, with her company. af'cr » moat successful engag.»- ineu'tj in flelaijo, are now on their way to to comment he Q Birthday (or, 1 rather or Mouuiv. Important Sales oir Station Proyeu- ties. — No less than three valuable pro perties have been sold in tho fertile valley of ilia Mitta Alitta during the past six weeks. Bethanga, with 6200 acres purchased land, commanding extensive frontago to eacn side ot tne river, » I magnificent estate, together with 20,000 I ;tCres Crown lands, has been sold by Mr I William Orr, of 7 Collins- street We3t, in conjunction with Air J. G. Dougharty, of Alarket Buildings, Melbourne, on ac- omitit of Air David Alitchell, to Air John Bowman, of Lake Alexandra, South Aus- 1 tralia, at a high figure. Mr Mitchell's \Va-ra Station has also been sold by the same agents. The estato includes 1352 acres freehold and 14,000 acres of Crown lands, with frontage to Spring Creek and tho Mitta River. The property wa3 sold nt £.( 10s per acre for the freehold ; 600 head cattle and 12U norse3 to do tasen .n valuation. Air H. H. Pearce, of Tas mania, was the purchaser. Air Pearce, wo understand, intends to lay down a largo area in English grasses. Air Orr, in con junction with Alessrs Byron Alooro and Macleod, has also recently effected a sale of the Tatonga estato and station, tho property of Alessrs Edols and Francis, situated oil the Alitta Alitta, near Tallan- galta. The estate includes 2969 acres treeh vld and 30,000 acres Cn»wn lands, and has been bought by Mr James Tbwaitos, of the Western District, at £4 7s 6d per aero for the freehold. It is air Thwaites's intention to immediately lay a largo area of tho river flats in English grasses. Wanoaratta Volunteers. — Colonel Mutton has written to tho secretary of the Wangaratta Rifle Club, intimating that it is not considered advisable to pro ceed with the raising of a volunteer corps at that place, pending tho meeting of Piirliftniniif: The Mcrmcnt.ee AIinino Company.— During the past few days the prospects of tho Alurmungoo Gold-mining Company have materially improved, by the striking of good washdirt in the shaft being driven on the claim, in an endeavor to find the deep lead, at Alurmungee, at a depth of 20S feet. Tho washdirt is between six aud seven feet deop, and it is considered that it will go at least odwts to tho load, a prospect of three dishes having yielded figrs of gold. Tho ground is dipping rapidly south and west. Not much water has as yet been mot with, and Air J. Aloye, the mining manager, intends to proceod with tho sinking of the shaft to a further depth. Tho object of carrying on this part of the company's operations is to provide the means for driving tho tunnel through tho Bowman's Forest Range, and in order to obviate tlio necessity for mak ing calls upon tho shareholders ; and work in that direction will now shortly ho re sumed, after having been stopped during the past five weeks, for want of capital. It i3 estimated that 2d wis to tho load will pay all expenses in working the claim, aud ins remainder vvui nc eiear prom ; so that shareholders may congratulate them selves upon the successful turn that matters have taken, and look forward to the prospect of tho declaration of dividends before long. Bhares aio now selling at a premium of 5-q their present price being 15s ; the share list having been closed on Thursday last. The shaft on tho Alagpie Reef, being driven bjr tho com pany, is now down 80 feet. An Insolvent Squatter. — Alexander Bowman, of Sydney, has filed his schedule with liabilities stated at £141,000, and assets at £199,523. Lost Chessmen.— We have been re quested byDr Dobbyn, the presidentof tho Beechworth Chess and Draughts Club, to mention that during tho last few days that club lias lost from the public library, where the meetings are held, three or f.oir red pieces of a set of chess, which are supposed to have been removed by some child, who very likely regarded them merely as playthings. As the loss of those pieces spoil? the set, it is desired that they should he returned to the curator of tin; library, or t'> any member of tile club. 0.x lev. — Our correspondent on Friday states : — The weather wbe-:icre3 have had (heir say regarding rain or no rain for the last week or 30. Some positively declared that there would be rain within twelve hours ; others, as certain, said tho rain had come and gone, and no more would fall belore'nsxt moon. Now, all the pro phets prophesied incorrectly. Tho im mutable laws govering tho phenomena of not «nly one planet, but of tho roswio.v, have actud quite independent!- of pro phets, or the mass of believers in their predictions, and in their onward march have brought rain in due course. A few- slight sprinkling showers passed rapidly over tile plains after sundown on Thursday. About 9 m. steady rain, mild and warm, i set in, and continued with but little , break until daylight. As the sun rose, so fa-led away the rain clouds, and now (S.45 a.m. ->n Friday) tho sun shiaes out warmly, and farmeis tire ail busy ploughing, harrowing and sowing. The rain which fe'l during the night of j Thursday and the early morning of j Friday lias benefited all the early-sown j crops, and will lighten tho unli of horses j breaking up ground, and preparing a .-renter area for cultivation. Great pre- parations are neiug niaoe i >y uio i>:uc Ribbon Army for their annual anniversary, which takes place to-night in the Presby terian Church, Aldawa. Believing in being temperate in all things, I think total abstainers havo a certain strain of asceticism in them, similar to that of tho ascetics who mutilated themselves iu the early days of the propagating of the Gospel of Christ. The same men cm be found now who justify the asceticism of the eailier fanatics, and it is to bo hoped that while temperance spr-'uffs. thai asceticism may gradually become a thing of the past. Nod-inbt but that our descendants will laugli at tne I:us:» m tne present age ; as some men laugh or grieve over tho hallu- riuati.ns of the past. Thus progress slowly, but surely, marches onward over the ruins of past exploded theories. Gradually information, permeating to lower : and lower strata of the masses nf ignored, i hat have enwrapped mankind, dispels some portions of those clouds, and ei:- 'ightenm-nt illumines the minds of new generations. Thus die dross of the pa-! vanishes, the present is benefited, and the ii.-mnusr r.F nnr rnr»» t»rtoii»I:i?r.\n:'! j Conoe.m.mkst ok Birth. — Ellen Abra- |ham, a single woman, and tho mother of Inn iilegiiiiu ate child which was found I buried on the bank of the Ovens River at. I llarrietvilie. was charged at '.he Bright Police Court on Thursday, with conceal- laeni of birth, and was c uir.nitu-.'i fori trial at the October sittings o : the B.-. ch- worih Court of Assiz . j IY.st-ofkioK Arrangements. — On M m. ,i I.:,.I. _.:n -.. . . t i u. iv lit -\ Mili'.R v»iii i»v t'i.'JVlllM US public holiday, in cc-lebra'.ion of the anni versary of the Queen's Birthday, the ii3ual holiday arrangements wi'i be carried out by tho Post-office ami Telegraph Depart ment. All post- offices will be closed at 10 a.m. Only the first delivery by letter- carrier will be effected, but country mails will be received and despatched us usual .The telegmph -offices will be open from liaif-past 8 to 10 u.in., and from 6 to 7 p.m. Wahgunyaii. — The usual anniversary tea and public meeting of the Wah gunyaii Congregational Church was held in tho Wahgunyah Hall on Wednes day night. Tho hall has lately beou completely decorated under the auspices — C t It.. Wn\ ul buu iiahuujiiu ju.utui jf vuuiuitkfcwv, aud the effect of the well laid, out tables wa3 exceedingly pretty. After tho tables had been cleared, a public meeting was held under the presidency of Air G. S. I Smith. Tho Revs. Steggall, pa3tor of the Congregational Church, and Hall, minister (of tho Corowa Wesleyan Church and the choir, under the leadership of Mr Fraser, were on tho platform. During the even ing a very pleasant programme of songs aud choruses was given by Alesdamcs Iluht, Rico, Duncan, and Messrs L. Fraser aud Fraser, junr., and listened to with tho utmost attention by a large audiencm auo iirat speaker wa3 ttio uev. iHr Steggall, who referred at length to the financial position of tho church and tho objoct of tho tea meeting. Tho Rev. Air LI all followed with a manly address, de precating tho difference of opinion exist ing amongst different denominations, and pointing out the advantages of a united Christian Church. Air L. Fraser, the next speaker, related tho work done hy the tan nday school, paying en passant a very pleasing compliment to Alessrs Hcales, Worthingtou, and the other members of the library committee who had rescued the hall from falling into decay. I n this latter view he was sup ported hy Alessrs Heales and the chairman, who both appreciated the advantage of that long require:! iusitutiou iu Wah gunyah— a public hall. Votes of thanks to the ladies and chairman closed a very pleasant evening's amusement. I have uot as yet referred to the vast improve ment effected in the Wahgunyah HaH, formerly Foord's old store. Thi3 was BIlllVBlliuililv liqpri ntiunrtoaa .aP ..nfuu. \- J »w4 b iwclo wi 6uscs' tainmunt, and had been closed when the Bank of "V ictoria took over the Foord estate. _ Wahgunyah seemed in danger of losing its only apology for a theatre, when the library committee stepped into tho breach, entered the hall, and pro ceeded to carry out a thorough scheme of improvement. Iti doing so, the com mittee wasted neither time uor money. Instead of employing contractors, Alessrs T. Ford, E. Ramsay, A. C. Worthingtou, W. G. Heales, G. Ford and Hosken stripped off coat and waistcoat and set manfully to work. The result has been surprising ; two commodious rooms, used for lihrarv nMr?btai«a nra » vn J1 » Iai a n dressing and cloak room have been added, tho walls lined, and the ceiling- beams colored. This result i3 the transforma tion of a barn into a really pretty aud coiiveuient theatre. The library com mittee, in 3pite of the dictum of a very young councillor of the Ruthcrglen Shirb, who insisted chat the institution was only supported by a lot of old fogies, are to be congratulated at their enterprise. Leuture. — On Tuesday evening the fki'V. \\\ illllim ATpDrttltilfl nf fllnltnnt delivered a lecture at the Town Hallj Rutherglcn, on " Russia and its People." There w;i3 a very good attendance. Air A. Hunter, ex u: .yor of Rutherglen, took the chair, and in a few appropriate re marks introduced the lecturer to the audience. The rev. gentleman in a very able manner described the vast extent of tho Russian Empire, and the manners and customs of the various race3, and gave a graphic description c.f the cities of St. Botersburg and AIoscow, with its Kremlin, and also a short sketch of the life of i'etor the Great and of his wife Catherine. The lecture, which wa3 a most interesting one, was interspersed with anecdotes illustrative of the peculiarities of the Russian character. Jn conclusion, the lecturer stated time in his opinion there was no necessity fur a " scare," for should war take plac-j between England and Russia, England, as she had always done, could well hold her own — a remark which was received by the audience with tho greatest enthusiasm. Between the intervals of the lecture a recitation on the D -ath of Montrose" was rendered bv Mr Curry in a style very seldom attained by amateurs. Alias Rue sang with her usual sweetness, " Within a Aliio of : Ldiiiboro Toon," and tho choir sang " Home, sweet ilomo" very effectively. ! Mr W. Marshall proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer for I113 very able aiul iu- ! (creating lecture. Thi9 was seconded by j Air D. Ralston, who said he hoped at i some future time to havo tho pleasure of ! hearing tho lecturer address a Rutherglen ' audience again, when he was suro the | hall would be crowded. At the conclu- j aion the ch.'fir sang " God save the Queen," j which w:«3 heartily joined iu by the j audience. ! \ Afr.AN.->ANDAH. — Our correspondent, writing on Friday, states : — As a proof of I the great dryness of the season, a bush-fire I was burning on the 15th inst., on the hills opposite Mr Fred. Roper's at Mullindoliii- gong. t-'uch a thiug as a bush-fire so late in the Benson is not remembered by the oldest residents. The rain which fell last .iturdav has now enabled the farmers to commence ploughing, and they are all busy sowing their grain crops. For some mornings past there have been sharp frosts, v.ith cloudy and generally cjM days. Laec evening, about 9 o'clock, rain commence-!, falling, and continued up till about fi7o o'clock thi? morning. The skv still looks threatening, and a3 if more rain was not far off. The miners are still badly oi! for water, and at Twist's Creek there is a considerable quantity of quartz on the ground, which cannot be crushed on account of the want of the necessary fluid. ' 3 Df rriTHK'.trA. — The "Ben alia Standard" regrets tr> iiear that that terrible malady, diphtheria, had broker, out in the North- Eastern District ; two children of Air Edward Ryan, El Dorado, having sue- cunihwl to tin? disease. IiiK Q i' x s Birthday. — A3 Alondav next is to be observed as a public holiday, in honor of Her Majssry'a Birthday, and as printers (from the proprietor to the smallest itnr> in the o :!;<:) are as loyal as any of tin: Queens subj.-cts in A ictoriu, and can equally etijov day's relaxation, w,; hove d-cided that rner..- shall he no issue of this journal on Tuesday, 26th inst. i!i'.iv:iivo:ui Sro.-H anl> Share A'Iar- ret.— Mr A. W. Foster reports for the week ending 22nd inst. : — Banks : Com- mercial — buyers, £6 10» : sellers, £6 15s. Federal — buyers, 52s 6:1 : sellers, 54?. Ci:y of Melbourne — buyers. £4 Q . sellers, £4 2s. Ai:s'ril:ar. Fre-hold — ' buyer.-, £2 8s : sellers, £2 10s. In- Isurance Companies : N.iUnoal— buyers Ills (id ; seller.:, 12s fid; sale.?, 12 s. Co lonial Mutual Fir. — buyers. 4< ; sellers. -L 2-1. United Australian — buyers. Is 101 : k-e'.ierd, 2? : sales, Is lid. Southern — ouyei-o, 13s tin : sellers, 203. ludemnitv — havers. 16s (i! !...iw= i«7 Mines : Roczy Mountain — buyers, 6s 6d ; 8d. La Mascott-: — sellers, Is. -Miscellaneous : Alonte Piete — buyers, 7a 6 i ; sellem, 10s;. sales. 8s. Beechworth Gas Company— seliers, 50s. Stanlev Hall C.nn- l-.-iuy— a, huts, 20s. "Y.iakandan-lah Hall Company — buyers, 50s: sellers, (JIM. Altitual .Store — buyers, 42s : sellers, 45s. Coflou Tavern — buyers, 25s ; sellers, 26s. AlcCuUech Carrying Company— buyer I 42a ; sellers, 45s. ' Dental— Air g. rThmi ba in Beechworth on AIom enh5t' fll - day, 25th and 26th instant » ?dT- F consulted at the Star Hotel 'fS h A Hypocrite — AIuoh ' sum been caused in religi0U3 ciri fc« colony as well as in New South W the sudden and altogether n«i S by r " disappearance from Sydney 5 foc " manager of the « Church 0f p6> &T; 'I a, c,e.rical journal publhhla that city, having also a larS fl ) in Victoria, states tk„ «?. "hoii ' gentleman who lias thus Vo , , Tii vanished from sight was appoin two years ago. He received a S .J"® and, producingexcellent home crS?' was received into good society mfl the sole control of the fimuicBU1 ment of the journal, auS m£ > fidence was reposed in him b? it.!1' uergjmen with whom he was asse V m the management cf tho pan. r e was, moreover, warden at the chn,-i® Pyrujont, »»d . Simda, of exemplary habits. Very recently? ever one day lie was found together with quite a considerable Inspector Kennedy, of the vL .ffico, 5 with, 1,1 the hope Of the mystery E unravelled hyms assistance. The issued for the defaulter's arreit c£ 1 him with stealing a cliecpio ior £9 j the property of the nronrietnn „:a' Church of England Record." nt described as a young man 22 years oi "There's Many a Slip," dx.-FroaVa adjacent township, where the editor of the !w,Pair eF n? in a pakco ot" marbIa times oli plate, comes a tale of wm and sorrow, relates the "MhX bun. The return of broken heirt3J being to hand, we cannot give thetoul : On Saturday last two families we.-eUk, made happy by the uniting in holm? mony from the respective stock "of branches possessed by a resident os-V New South Wales sicfo of the UurrajQ that of one in Victoria. Preparation! G ; an extensive scale fur the coiisumniitioaj the long-looked-for event had been on for soiuo time, and the morn brog bright and fair. At the hour appoint ; all hands, down to the parson, toed tii i mark, when, to the surprise of all, tbj . bride objected strongly to being "fiedsa" A deadlock ensued, but not a!! the coir inga of tho near relatives could bring sb:: a settlement, and at latest advices d> ' parties were still "as before." The Lunacy Commission.— In his evidence before the above cotnmiiiin on Thursday, Dr Dick, Inspector-Gnl of Lunatia Asylums, stated that in kii opinion all medical men certifying ai to insanity should be compelled to state tully their diagnoses of the cases, as Knot! could now be incarcerated in an airlaa without any details being given inth:jg. tificate. The power of transferring piij-j from one asylum to aontlier should b placed in the hands of the various superi- tendents. The present system of distbr. ing patients involved a large amouc: a circumlocution and clerical labor, via could well be obviated by giving fa superintendents authority to grant & charge certificates. He thought thiiitu escaped patient was not recapture: itin three months, and was proved -.i tin earned hi3 or her own living di:rit»-iv. period, a second examination as to £ . patient's state of niiud should he mai The present act provided that an acjpi lunatic could bo re- captured and thrur. into an asylum at any period after ara Ho thought it necessary to provide ad- ditioual accommodation for the insane, u some of the asylums were cvereron-i while the remainder were full. Fiveix- dred cubic feet was the space alW . for insane persons, though ia off public buililin allowed. The former space is,® ever, he thorght, stiflicient. The RRil increase of lunatic patients ia the c .q was 100, nxtwithstaiiding deitha asah- charges. He approved of huh the it- rack and cotiagesystems, the forme:: re.' criminal class of patients. All thesarj.'j labor in the asylums was utilised ink ing repairs and doing other usrfc! ; work. Tho attendants in each aivia ! were formed into lire-brigad?'. h at-" broke out iu Yarra Bend Asyliua, it wonli j. however, be almost impossibls to get:: under. The strength of t he water at Ararat, Stinbury and Beechfforff . bad, and therefore these asylti ms wall be exposed to danger. Neither « & : asylums was insured against fire, h'h : pension system was abolished, thesilwa : of the employes should be revised, beci'JJ in that case they would be utiderfv- The advantage to bo gained by separaffti tho ttrimiual from the other classa sffi t insane was not suificietit to jnstiirtu®' . creased expenditure that would be tc:::x- The witness then read a long sum- showing that many employes whobah3 dismissed liatt been n-iiiaMted by vir'? ; Chief Secretaries. Tho comniisiie11 > ' jonrued till Thurs-lay lie.ct, -.rhen the--' aniinatiou of Dr Dick will be c-ntff- Thekt ok QuicksIlvks.— A fevP ago Air J. C. Simpson reported a® police tliat a quantity cf quicksilj3 been stolon from his qnartz-crushioj near Stanley. With a vinw to secure - iletection of tho thief, a blacktnc»er '.a sent for from Benalla, and en TueehyE company with Constabl-is AIiJ'Bestc£j Kill', visited tho uiiil. Thar"'1'?1 ; the investigation was such ss ?l "j ; Air Simpson, who decided swi ? action against tho offender by ius:''.0'1"- crimitial proceedings. AIinino Note?. — The manacers KPor'' — Murmungee Comp.any, Be s May 21. — Bottomed on washdirt a- About 6ft of wash, dipping rapni'.".1® -j south and west. Go: six grains 01 j- to three dishes of dirt. Nona'ab/- Jj River, iVlay 19. — Am srill st ning stone. Will commence packing ing mtichiiie on Wednesday. A of stone is short, but looks very e»- . Horticultural. — Tho a'-ten.w- horticultiirists is directed to the aunjuc ment made by Air A. H. H award business columns that he has aud fruit trees of ail descriptions oil 1 Lawn Tennis. —A mat:U Benalla and Corowa lawn tenuis clubs be played to day (Saturday) at the at. the Collendina Station, near the l— tmvn. Education \r.. — The Rev. d- ".'j ALA., principal of the .'.j School, in onr adtverrisiuu C-ffiinina tho at rent ion of puvnts to tuit ex. - , | educational e-Dahlisknt ,'tir. 1 Lighting Train? r.v e:.::1"""'''.'" d. ; L uidori paper uives some formation concerning fh-' or" trains. Tim e-in-s u> d : : hghting of trains mi rh" ' ....... Railway have e oitinU'' ' r ;; October, 1884, with perfectly rsaillKq. nv.if l-T<» (?t !!' ' ' " . its dynuni", specially made. : t'Hrrthf r on one liedplati-. 'I i:e ' ',.r. mounted op the fop of the !" b filer behind the dome. speed was between 1090 ami H1"-' tions per minute. Tho li::ht - gone out wnce during tiv- tire has been employed. This is a rre-t-. 4 ill its favor, for it is mis: imp 't'1 l,,t j I light ou an engine should :l e t,tf ' ' guished, even for a few sre urJs. 