FATAL GUN ACCIDENT.--On Christmas evening, a very sad and fatal gun accident occurred at Man chester square, four miles from Moss Vale, whereby John Henry Stubbings, a youth of sixteen and a half years of ago, youngest son of Mr. Matthew Stubbings of Moss Vale, lost his life. Deceased was a steady, persevering youth, and had served two years, out of an apprenticeship of throo years, with Mr. W. Wade, blacksmith, of Moss Vale, and besides exhibited some genius in several other branches of mechanics. An inquest was held by Coroner Nicholson on Friday evening. The principal evi dance was given by Edwin Nappor, as follows: I reside at Manchoster.square ; the deceased was my brother-in-law ; on Christmas Day, about two o'clock, deceased and myself started from my home for the purpose of fishing in a branch of the Bundanoon Creek ; after fishing for an hour or two, he proposed to go home; deceased had a double barrelled gun with him at the time; I was walking in advance of deceased six or seven yards, when I heard the report of a gun; I turned round, and saw deceased standing with his gun lying in two parts on each side of him; I said "are you hurt?" and he replied " I don't know; " I then ran forward to him, and he fell into my arms; he said " God help me; tell father I can't help it;" I asked him how it hap pened but he could not speak; his shirt and waist. coat wore saturated with blood; I called loudly for help; in about half an hour, J. Rose and my brother came , and we carried deceased to my home; my other brother rode to Moss Vale for Dr. Madden. and returned in about an hour, and attended him ; I believe the gun was loaded with shot, and doceased was shot in the chest; I cannot account for the accident, except that the place was rocky country, and he must heve slipped and the gun went off. Dr. Madden deposed : Deceased died in about an hour from the time I saw him, from a gunshot wound in left breast, below the nipple, the wound being about an inch long and half an inch wide, through which the air was expelled with each respi ration. The jury returned a verdict that deceased died from a gunshot wound, there being no evidence to show how the accident occurred. The general opinion is that as the catch on the gun was loose, the deceased must have put the stock on the ground, when the barrels fell over, the cap caught the nipple, and the gun wont off immediately. Only one barrel was loaded. The remains of the deceased were interred at Bong Bong cemetery on Saturday, in the presence of a hundrod persons, the services being conducted by Rev. J. H. Mullens. bnall.pox.--Tho aonall.pox patients are progress. ing 'ury favourably, and no fresh eases have oc. ourroel The house will shortly be released from quarattino. Notwithstanding the outbreak, as large number of persons visited the district during the holiday., The 'a\\\ather.-W are having very hot, dusty days and c\ld nights. Everything is looking parlheod and dry, au, if rain does not soon come, bush-fires will most likeoy break out and do much mischief. December t?3 