'Wiu^uemu ëdxux, SATURDAY, .AUGUST 29, 1886. THE rnürder bf, Captain Frier ia the last of a aeries of similar outragea committed by the natives of New Guinea on white men, i and committed, so far, with absolute' im- punity. The caae is an important one,1 because it cannot possibly be alleged that the natives killed the man from any irrita- tion caused by the visits of labour vessels'., No such vesselB < have been on the > coast: for about eighteen months,. and any wrong they may have done in the past has been amply compensated.' It ' was a murder partly due, we have no 'hesi- tation in affirming, to the encouragement given to tho natives by the aupineness of the ( 'commanders of Her Majesty's ships on the station, and, in great measure, to ' the extraordinary kindness with which the murderers of Bead, [at Slade Island, were treated by Mr. Sub-commissioner Bomilly when in command of the Victoria expedition. That this is se becomes evi- dent when we compare the account given of, Bead's murder, by the spécial correspondent of the Sydney Tribune, on ¡he New Guinea coast, with what we know1 of the proceed- ings of the Victoria. ' This correspondent spent a great deal of time investigating the affair, and mixed with the native mur- derers. Head, who was a'hastyman,had given some provocation "by striking a boy hired to look after his Btore, who had, during the owner's absence stolen or permitted the stores to be stolen. But there was no justification for the murder. After its commission the natives of the offending tribe shared the plunder of the dead man's store, and then held a council, which was thus described to the correspondent :- ' Opinions wero divided-soma said, in their torrar, "Men-of-war will como and make you pay," and many of these migrated to Moresby Island and neighbourhood, including Maskiaoko, Who has built for himself a house on the above island, on a little hill a few hundred yards behind the villago of Wakorwo, and spends his time now botween there and Tooba-Tooba. Other said, "Plenty white men killed, Brooker Island, Saodesa (Basilisk Island), and Dorrlna (alluding to the Chinamen massaored some six yoars ago at Leocadio Islands), and no manof war oome and fight"-"Very good, we stop." And then nanoos sped with the news, some to Testo Island, some to Dinner Island. From the former it would circulate for hundreds of milos through the Louislades, and from the latter it would pormeate east and west; and round the bushfires and heachOres at night squatted the restless natlvcB, debating the vexed question, " What will these men-of-war that we seo daily 'knocking about'dot" and It would bo reported that Bonnassa said " Queen Vlotoria finish toko New Guinea now I and for every white man you kill you will have to pay," ie" be killed, and simultaneously would como the news that H M.S. Raven, with Mr. Chalmers on board, had been within two or three hours' steaming of the Engineer Group shortly after the occurrence, heard an account of the murder together with a rumour that the disagreement had arisen about a woman, and steamed away in a different direc- tion, and paid no more attention to it. Having inquired exhaustively into the particulars, I am satisfied that the statement about the woman is mere pretext. It was, as the correspondent saya, " a trial murder," to see how the whites would stand it. They stood it so well that Captain Webb, his wife, two Queensland natives, and a Malay were all massacred in Millport Harbour a month afterwards. EMS. Swinger did lieie, we believe, make a pie tenco of vengeance, but the correspondent declares that no native was touched and no native property even injured. Then came the mut der of poor " Bob Linuse," an em- ployé of Captain Prier, who, as the correspon- dent says, was a " perfectly inoffensive mau." He was hunted to his death by H.M.S. Haven acting under instructions from Com- modore Erskine ; that is, he was driven from a position of safety at South Cape because Captain Frier had ',. no clearance " for New Guinea. At the place .he was murdered the natives had been under missionary instruction, so the correspondent saysj for five years. About the same time Flank Gerret was murdered by natives who had received absolutely no provocation, for he had just arrived among them. Now we have the murder of Captain Frier himself, and unless something is done we shall assuredly hear of a great many more. It is not possible that it can be otherwise. The men-of-war are apparently ready to accept any story told them in the way of excuse by the natives, and the chief of the Victoria expedition, coming to the murderers of Bead as the embodiment of the white man's authority, refused to concern himself with their crime, and dis- tributed presents to them just as if nothing out of the way had happened. What more could be done to encourage the natives to kill white men and plunder their goods? And our unhappy countrymen must not defend themselves. If they ruado the least attempt to teach the natives the lesson they so richly deserve, to avenge the deaths of the vomrades who have been killed, and thus to protect the lives of those not yet assailed, the commanders of the men-of-war on the stattou would speedily awake from their apathy. For it is a heinous crime for a whjte man in New Guinea to refuse to go to his death like a sheep to the shambles, a crime which British officials are eager and prompt to punish. The only blood that cries aloud for vengeance iu New Guinea, and crias in vain, is that of our murdered fellow- countrymen. 'Perhaps Sir Peter Seratchley will take this business in hand. It is his duty to do so, and if he fails to insure some respect for white men's lives on the coast of the British' protectorate, it is to be hoped that the Australian Governments will take the necessary steps to make him understand his responsibdities., We are aware of the official sentiment on the subject, the dislike felt for every " adventurer" who gives them trouble by pushing British trade or enter- prise beyond recognised limits. Poor Conlon, who felt this, wrote in his Khartoum diary that it was "adventurers" who made the British Empire. We, the three millions of Australians, who are adventurers, or the sons of adveuturers, muse take up the cause of the handful of pioneers who are doing on the south coast of New Guinea what our fathers did in this our own country. We cannot leave them to fall victims to officialism. If the Imperial forces will not protect them, let them be at least allowed to protect themselves. The old Prussian General of whom Carlyle writes, addressing his petition to the higher Powers before the battle opened, prayed, "If Thou will not help us, at least do net help'those rogues of; i Saxons, but let us fight it out fairly between1 us." The,jpipn,eere>>vvhoi,are opening the way for trade in southern New Guineayand thus preparing- the' only 'counterpoise we shall kave to the German-.dependency formed in the North, < would no doubt be ready to piotect themselves by makings the natives feel that a white man is not1 to be murdered with impunity^ but tlíey t are not allowed to do so. If Sir Peter Scratchley does not speedily amencM-is* state of affairs we sincerely trust the Aus- tralian Governments will' bring strong; remonstrances to/ bear on the Imperial authorities, for some day their hand may be forced. Men become desperate in time,., and* already the North is dotted with the friends and relatives of men' treacherously murdered on ,the New Guinea coast, whose murderers still live unpunished and un- molested, i Pioneers will crowd to the New Guinea eoaat whether the officials Uko it or not, as they have every right to do, and they will not always submit to be murdered with impunity. ¡We should not be surprised to hear, if the present state of affairs continues, that some particularly flagrant outrage had excited i these men to take the task of vengeance into their own hands. And it niiglrU happen that the upholders of the right of an. Englishman tokeep his life and" hispro perty, even against New Guinea natives,, would have the sympathy of all Australia at their back., , MU. GIFFEN, whose name is so intimately connected with statistical matters, has furnished an interesting ieport to* the Board of Trade on the Emigration h and Immigration Statistics of the United Kingdom for the year 1884. The subject is one which cannot fail to interest the people of these colonies, not so much because it refers in a measure to their own statistics relating to the same matter, as on account of the hope which is so largely entertained that the Australian colonies will ere long be able to offer greater attractions, to'our fellow-countrymen who wish to i emi- grate than the United States-or, to speak with greater accuracy," < that the attractiveness will operate more powerfully, as the condition and" re- sources of these colonies are better under- stood. The inducements which are held out to British labourers by the States are un- doubtedly tempting, when the circumstance» in which many of them are placed in their own country are taken into consideration ; but there are disadvantages as well, and one of the chief of these is the immense compe- tition in every branch of industry, through which in seasons of prosperity profits cannot be very large, and when depression sets in,. as is the case just now, thero is an immense amount of distress. The statistical stables which Mr. Griffen supplies bear ' very strongly on this question, though it is more or less mixed up with others of equal im- portance and interest. "What is most noticeable in the figures furnished by Mr. Giffen is the great decrease of emigration from the United Kingdom during the last two years, but more espe- cially in 1884 j and scarcely less remarkable is the inctease in immigration into Great Britain which has been going on at the same time. The British are a people of great îeproductive power, and, as the population of the United Kingdom is already so large, a great number aie in- duced each year to seek homes in foreign countries, oi in British colonies. The total emigration dining the year 1884 amounted to 303,901 souls, of whom a large proportion were foreigners. Deducting these, it is found that the emigrants of British and Irish origin who emigrated in 1884 was 242,179 souls, against 320,118 in 1883. The decrease of emigration in 1883 was attribu- table to the large immigration of foreigners, for it is shown by the tables that the number of emigrants of British and Irish > origin has never been larger than in 1883. In 1877, 95,1.95 souls of our own nationality left the United Kingdom, and each year since then the number increased till 1883, after which the decline set in. The decrease, however, is remarkable chiefly because of its suddenne'<s, for it comprises a decrease of 77,939 souls iti one year. "While these changes have been going on, the other to . which we have already referred has not been leas marked. It 1879 the number of immigrants of British and Irish origin who handed in the United Kingdom . from foreign countries was 37,936 souls. In « succeeding years they gradually increased until in 1882 they weie 54,711 ; but in*1883 ? the number rose suddenly to 73,804, and in 1884 to 91,356 ; of these 61,466, more than two-thirds, returned to the old country from the United States. Another matter which is pointed out, too, is that the pro- portion of congi at ing labourers as compared with those in a better social position is less than before. In 1877 the number of cabin passengers who left the United Kingdom for places out of Europe was 37,147 against 82,824 steerage ; the former steadily increased, the latter rapidly, and in 1883 there were 55,840 cabin against 341,317 steerage. Last year the steerage passengers suddenly fell to 246,498, but those iu the cabin advanced to 57,043. From all this it must be gathered that the United States have ceased to offer the same inducements to the labouring classes that they did a year or two ago, and the reduction fa- ttie number of hand-workers is shown to be greater than is at first sight observable by the increased numbei of cabin passengers. Another point, too, ought not to be passed by without notice. In 1876 and 1877 the proportion of English, Scotch, and Irish immigrants was in the following order : 67, 9, and 24 per cent. In 1880 it was 49,10, and 41 per cent, but in 1884, by a steady annual change, the ptopottion came close to that of 1877-namely,'61, 9, and 30 per cent. This is not, perhaps, surprising, when it is remembered that the population of Ireland has decieased so enormously within the last few years, but it is none the less interesting as indicating the proportion from each of the kingdoms which is shown by the latest mtuiigratiou records. What concerns us particularly with regard to these statistics is the reflection that the great stream of immigration to the United States has lost its extraordinary force; neither our own countrymen nor other Europeans have been going there in such immense crowds lately, and one of the chief interruptions has arisen from the fact that over-competition and over-pro- duction have made the States a less profitable field for labour. There are other causes, no doubt, which contribute to the state of things which Mr. Giffen has depicted, but w batever these may be, it is pretty certain that the condition of the 'labour market of the United Kingdom is V one of them. There Ve know that trade is» _h_U"in~the extreme^nd^ itis diracuhrtoj provide employment for the* thousands who! wani work.- How long this may cktinue,. it is impossible tr/tell ; as in Ameria, so in! ~theAniother country,' over-competition atidj over-production has ended in a terrible» 'collapse j tne products of foreign; ^countries )'had been crowded into the! vatore_''and> are greater than the ordinary _rate. oi\ consumption can reduce at once.t ,"What an opportunity this would be for .-thesei colonies were they as pruspeious as, they commonly1 are j but unfortunately, "they too, feel the «Sect of the general de- pression, and, as if to make the worst of it, ^Queensland's misfortunes are increased by1 .'the severity of the seasons and other causes.' "The number of immigrants to the Australian colonies collectively has largely de- creased, and return passengers have in- creased,' but not so largely as elsewhere) ' Still the excess of immigrants foi 1884 over those' who have returned to the United Kingdom is only 35,943 against 64,420 for 1883 ; in former years the figures weie less than last year. Taking this fact into con- sideration, and thedepiessed state of some of our industries, it is not likely that there I will be a large flow of immigrants to out shores immediately. After the great ex- citement that has been taking so many thousands to the States every year there many be a temporary calm, but it is a calm that cannot last. There is no reason to anticipate that the depressed conditions, of * the'United Kingdom will right itself within the next year or two1; but the increase of the working classes will still go on, and again force them to try their fortunes in other countries. In what direction will the stream set when it again gains strength 1 We have here good Land for cultivation or for pasturage, and an unlimited quantity of it We have need of manufactories which will make us independent of outside help ; we have mines to work which will give enormous revenue when properly de- veloped. Australia generally, and Queens- land specially, should prove more _ than ordinarily attractive to our fellow-countrymen who long for greater freedom and more independence, and by judicious administration there is much reason for supposing that they will be willing to cast in their Jot with us, The United States have not proved the Utopia which so many expected, and when the bright dreams of hoped for advantages have been dissipated by unyielding facts they do not readily return. On the whole, then, it seems probable that the rising colonies of Australia will attract the atten- tion of future wanderers in search of a borne. The drought will not last for ever, but the question which gives most cause for anxiety here is whether with a return of favourable seasons the suspended prosperity of the country will come back too. With- out it there can be no inducement to the surplus labourers of the mother-country to Hock here, and present indications are not too encouraging. MB, STANLEY, the Chief Engineer for Bail. ways, loft Brisbano yesterday afternoon ¡for the purpose of proceeding to Maryborough to confer with Mr. Rawlins, the engineer of the Vernon Coal and Railway Company, with Tespcctto tuencw branch railway from the Mary- borough and Burrum line to Urangan Point. A short Act was passed last session, it will be remembered, authorising certain capitalists to construct this Uno, with a view to the fur- ther development of the Burrum coalfield. -Tram a point on the Maryborough and Burrum railway the new line will bo carried to Pialba, a charming watering- place on the shores of tbo Wide Bay, and thence to Urangan Point. The question moro particularly under con- sideration at the interview will be the purchase of certain lands for tho terminal station, and in this and all matters connected with the railway the company are desirous of complying with the wishes of tho Railway Department in view of a possible purchase of the line at some futuro timo by the Government. One of the objects the new company havo in view is the erection of wharves at Urangan for the shipment of the coal from the Burrum coal- field, and to convoy tho coal to tho wharves the present line is necessary. IT is rumoured in naval circles that Admiral Tryon will leave Sydnoy early next week for Brisbane in either the -Telson or the Diamond. THE Government steamer Lucinda left the Queen's Wharf last night with his Excellency the Governor and a small party on board. They will proceed to Moreton Bay on a schnapper fishing excursion. THE following is a list of the cases set down for hearing at the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court, commencing on Monday next before his Honour Sir Charles Lilley, Chief Justice:-Joseph Mitchell, criminal assault; William Phillips, Daniel Carmichael, and James Toohey, robbery with violenco ; Francis T. Shipman, embezzlement ; George Ferguson, alias George Stephens, alias George Thompson, alias Webb, burglary, larceny from a d we Iii op-, and two charges of housebreaking ; Philip Brown, alias P. H. Sutton, larceny ; Benjamin Bradshaw, altos Irish Mick, and John Mann, alias Smith, robbery ; Francis Hicks, shooting at with intent; Catherine Smith, attempting to commit suicido; Hugh M'Lean, larceny from the person ; and JameB Cummins, larceny from a dwelling. In the cases of James White, charged with robbery with violence, and Charles Meyer, charged with larceny, no true bills have been filed. AT the sittings ef the Supreme Court in In- solvency yesterday, in the matter of Hermann Steinberger Piermont, his Honour the Chief Justice ordered that the insolvent should be committed to gaol in the event of his failing to find sureties for his appearance to answer an offence under the Insolvency Act. No sureties of a satisfactory character were forthcoming, and his Honour ordered the insolvent to be placed under the charge, of the sheriff or under shena for committal to gaol. The usher of court was ordered to inform the sheriff, but no sheriff or sheriff's officer was to bo found. The usher reported to his Honour üie result of his mission. His Honour; We h*ve two sheriffs and a number of officers of ttie court, and there are none of them here to attoad to tho orders of the court. They mast be hate. I will make an order on the sher__; and likewise the nnder-sheriff, to show cause why tfccjr have not been in attendance for the perforiBaace of thoir"_utics. After his Honour made this order, Mr. Gallway, the sheriff's officer, appeared In court. His Honour (ad- dressing Mm) : How is it. Mr. Gallway, that neither youraelf, nor the sheriff, nor under ftheriff have been here this afternoon for the twformancc of your duty ? Mr. Gallway : I ha» been out ali day, your Honour, upon the dune« of my office. Elis Honour : I have never enforced the attendance of the sheriffs here upon ali occasions, but I cam clearly see it will have to coma to that Let them appear before nie on Monday to answer for » dereliction of duty. > ~ > >' . z , . ' IN the Supreme Court yeaterday morning, I .in Chambers, tieïoro the Chief. Justice, the f ollowiDg were adjudicated1 insolvent ¡-Phillip i Marshall, of _ Jane»street, South. Brisbane, labourer, on his own petition, first meeting of ¡ creditors fixedfot^the'10th September 5'George] Bolger, of Townsville, storekeeper, on MB own. petition, first meeting 15th September; and1 John ¡Goan, of Dugandan,, lately a publican,' on the petition of Perkins and Co., first meeting 10 th September.' ' ' ' IN the Supreme Court yesterday morning, in Chambers, before the Chief Justice, Mr. E. Lilley, instructed by Mr. Hellicar, obtained an order nisi on behalf of Ambrose F. 0. Oox, for a writ of prohibition against the decision of J. W. Thompson and W. R. Goodall, magi- strates of Mitchell, in a small debts coso, on the ground that thcro was no evidence to support their judgment, and that there was an improper refusal to hear the defendant's case.' In tho case of Hansen v- the Bank of Hew South Wales, Mr. Chubb, Q.C., instructed by Mr. Stumm (from Mr. Riithning's office), applied io review the registrar's taxation o£ .part of defendant's costs. Mr. Galrj(£rdm Messrs. Bunton and Little's office) appeared for the plaintiff. An order was made allowing costs of an application in Chambers for an amended form of order by the full Court, and the registrar's disallowance of other items was confirmed. AMONGST the passengers by tho Maranoa, which'arrived here yesterday from Sydney, was the Hon. J. Malbon Thompson, who comes, wo boliove, on private business, and will moko only a short stay in Queensland. A general meeting of the Brisbane Amateur Sailing Club is called for Monday evening at the Imperial Hotel. The club's season commences on the 1st of next month, and it is probable that at the meeting on Monday arrangements will be made for an opening cruise or procession. Persons wishing to become members in time to avail them- selves of the full advantages of the club season should be proposed at this meeting, as other- wise a considerable time must elapse before they can be elected. Several boats flying the club's burgee have already taken up their moorings at the club's headquarters at the Hamilton, and on Saturday and Sunday after- noons that reach of the river is beginning to assume a lively aspect. THIS afternoon the final football struggle between Kew South Wales and Queens- land will take place, and a most excit- ing match is anticipated. On reference to our advertising columns, it will be seen that tho energetio secretary has completed all arrange- ments necessary for the comfort and con- venience of the public ' ' ' THE Albert Sports Ground this afternoon, (says "Bouge") will be tho scene of the return intercolonial Eugby football match between the representatives of New South Wales and Queensland. The visitors in each succeeding match have given a better exhibition of play, and they will this afternoon mako a very hard fight for supremacy. Tho con test will therefore, it is believed, bo tho best of the series of matches in point of excellence in thevariousdepartments of the game. Several fino " strotclicB" maybe looked for, as all tho players are in the pink ot condition for hard work. Lady Musgrave has signified her intention of witnessing the match. The arrangements on the ground are in perfect order, and through the courtesy of the chairman of the Booroodabin Divisional Board the road leading to the park will bo generously watered to keep down the dust. It is rumoured that the New South Wales team will bo strengthened by somo new blood with a view of gaining tbo day. It will bo seen that the Queensland team is composed of tho samo players who won hands down in the opening intercolonial ?match. A special train will leavo Brisbane for , Bowen Hills at half-past 2 o'clock in the after- noon, returning at 5 p.m. A MEETING of the Central Board of Health was held yesterday afternoon. Tho principal matters discussed were the necessity of obtain- ing the services of an inspector, and the impor- tance of getting the Stratton-strcct drain regularly and thoroughly cleaned out. Mr. Petrie mentioned during tho meeting that the Board of Waterworks are having a survey of the Upper Brisbane made with a viow to in- creasing the water supply of the city, A report will be found elsewhere. GOOD progress is being made wita the Penn- sylvania Walking-beam Oil Big, which is being prepared, under the direction of Mr. Arnold,' for the purpose of boring for water to a great depth in tho Western and North- western districts. A high derrick is now in course of erection at one corner of the site for the new Town Hall. Alongside will be placed a Sampson post, whioh will carry the walking-beam. At the end of the beam, which will reach to about the centre of the space within the derrick, will be affixed a temper screw, which will carry the rope to which the boring tools will bo attached. The [Other end of the walking-beam will be attached to a bull or band wheel and crank. These will provide the motive power for the beam, on being worked themselves by tho gearing at- tached to one of Robey and Oo.'s 10-horse power horizontal engines. The machinery is being manufactured by various firms in Brisbane from Mr. Arnold's designs. It is expected that the whole will be completed in about six weeks, when a trial will take place. In the meantimo Mr. Jack, Government Geologist, will select the best site in the back country for putting down the first bore, and his report will be awaited with interest and anxiety. WE arc informed that the petition in favour of Government loans to central sugar-mills has been signed by over 230 persons, and that it is expected that almost every agriculturist in the Mackay district will append his name to it before it is presented to Parliament. ABBONZEmodalpftheRoyal Humane Society was formally presented yesterday morning by the Colonial Secretary to Mr. James Ussher, second officer on the Glanworth. Mr. Ussher last November, at the peril of his life, rescued a man from drowning at Bowen. This man, who was handcuffed, was third cook on board the steamer. He was standing near tho side of the vessel when he fell into the water. Mr. Ussher jumped in,after him and held him up until a rope was thrown to them, and both were rescued. A MEETING of the City and Suburban United Municipality will he held on Monday after- noon. The business is as follows ¡-Confirma- tion of minutes of last meeting ; corres- pondence, including letters from Municipal Council with reference to licensed vehicle fees ; Tramway Company, in relation to traffic and license fees ; petition from Wm. Cronin for 'bus license ; report of Finance Committee ; miscellaneous. There will be a special meeting at 3.30 p.m. for confirmation of minutes of last «jecial meeting, and by-law No. 4. THE date for opening tenders for the supply of material and erection of the bridge over Boss Creek, Townsville, will, it is understood, be postponed from 4th to 25th September. THIS «rening at the great violinist's benefit, M. Edouard Bemenyi will play " Fantasia on Othello" (Ernst), "Andalusiaa and IiOvo Duett," "Andante Amaróse and Pheina con Variazioni," "Last Rose of Summer," "Le Marseillaise," "Auld Bobin Gray," "The Campbells aro Comin'," &c.; ¡ Tas extension of the South Coast RaUway ' to Logan Village will be opened for train* cn Monday week, the 7th September. Tho official opening will probably take place on the Satur- ¡ day previous. O.VE of the hospital patients, Eugene S.. Skinner, who had been sent to tho institution from tho gaol a 'fortnight ago, eluded the vigilance of the wardsmen about 2 o'clock yes- terday afternoon, and made good .'his escario just ten minutes beforo tho gaol authorities arrived to take' ' him back to i prison. The prisoner was undergoing a sentence of six mouths for uttering counterfeit coin, and was to bo liberated about the 20th October next. It appears the prisoner had " fits" periodically, and was sent to tbo hospital to bo cured. It was, however, ascertained that he could have a " fit" whenever he pleased, and it was deter- mined to rerhovod him to his quarters in the gaol Ho is described as being 28 years of age,' shaved on the chin, dark moustache. He was wearing a dark tweed suit, black hard felt hat, and elastic-side boots. TilE Rev. W. Osborno Lilley delivered one of the scries of lectures in the School of Arts last night under the auspices of the committee of the School of Arts and the Caledonian Asso- ciation. His subject was "George Herbert, priest and poet." The Hon. B. B. Moreton, M.L.O., occupied the chair, and OB the plat- form were Messrs. Geo. Brooks and J. Fierson, and tho hall itself was fairly well filled. Sealing first with George Her- bert in his priestly capacity, the re- verend lecturer gavo some interesting dotalls of the life of the old divine, and of the times in vthich ho lived and dwolt especially on his gentleness and zeal, But it was as a poet that ho was moro generally known in those days, and few bookshelves with any pretence to taste or culture were without his sweet and pleasant little volume, "ïho Temple.'' Mr. Lilley then said that a broad line must,bo drawn between poetry and mero versification, but Herbert was peculiarly a poet of the soul, and while on tho theme said that in spite of what her cnomies might say Eng- land was marvellously rich in poota, and somo of the grandest of all her poetry was religious. He gavo a few stanzas illustrating hew religious pootry could be mado to express the deepest and Inmost thoughts of Human naturo, and recited a few of tho gems of Herbert's muse. George Hcrbortwas as truo a poet as he was a priest, but he was diffident about his own genius, and his poems wcro not published in his own life-time. Tho lecturer concluded with a warm panegyric on; the old poet A vote of thanks to the lecturer was moved by the Hon. It. B. Morton, and socondod by Mr. S. W. Brooks. A similar compliment waa paid to the chairman, after which the meeting separated. THE Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove Boyal Comic Opera Company opon on Tuesday next, at tho Theatre Boyal, in Gilbert and Sul- livan's comic opera "Iolanthe, or the Peer and tho Fern" It is said that tbo scenery and cos- tumes are to bo on an unusually magnificent scale, and the electric head-lights will bo carried by the fairios in the piece as was done at tho Savoy Theatre, London, on the first production of the piece. The company is very strong, containing as it docs such Brisbano favourites as Miss Nellie Stowart and Mr." John Wallace, and such vocalists as Messrs. Boyle, Brennlr, and Woodfield. A moro favourable time for the production of comic opera could not have been chosen, and a very successful season may be anticipated, THE entries for the Intercolonial Champion- ship Race Meeting of the Brisbano Amateur Cycling Club, close to-night at the Globe Hotel. Already entries havo been received from F. H. Shackclford (hut year's 10-mile champion) and J, S. Foulkes, both of Victoria j Mr. O. R, Wood, who last Saturday gained tho distinction of 10-mile amateur champion iof Australia; and from Mr. J. F. Holloway, who is one of tho fastest tricyclo riders in tho colonies. It is to bo hoped that there will be a larg« entry from our local cyclists to meet these men, for as most of tho events aro handicaps, our local cracks will certainly have a show. _?he prizes offered for all events aro very liberal, and should bo sufficient alone to draw a largo entry. Tho Union Ground, Toowong, Is undergoing a thorough repair, and aconsidcrableportionof it willbosccurelypalcd in beforo next Saturday. From all appear- ances next Saturday's racing should be a great success. FOB nearly a month one side of Elizabeth street-that nearest to Queen-street- has been known to those who have traversed it, to be in an unsavoury and unsanitary condition. In some of tho back yards stagnant water was observable, and ono or two of the cellars of the houses were invaded by damp, and subsequently by filthy water. The attention of the municipal authorities was directed to the circumstance, but no proper action appears, to have been taken at that time. As the condition of tho back yards and cellars became worse rather than better, the attention of Alderman Galloway and of the mayor was again called thereto. Moro than a week a;o the general inspector reported upon the matter to the mayor, and his worship directed the city engineer to have the nuisance removed. Some was done, but apparently not the right thing, for instead of being decreased the water rose -higher in the cellars, On Monday last his worship was authorised to bave the drain in Elizabeth-street opened, and Ascertain where it was blocked. However, no serious steps were taken until yesterday, when the mayor was induced to inspect the street for himself. The condition of the yards and cellars was disgraceful, Water was lying about the backyards of Messrs, Samuel Bros,, aud Mr. A, R. M'Leod's premises in Queen- street ; the cel- lar under the Leather Company's building in Elizabeth-street was flooded by from 7ft. to 10ft. of black filthy water ; in the cellars under the workshop of Mr. W. Keith and the carriage shed of Mr. P. Troy the water had risen to within a few inches of the street level, and in the cellar under the tenement occupied by Mr. A, Kosvitz the black liquid was quite level with the back yard. In the last named instance the cellar had been used as a kitchen, and several articles were to be seen floating about in the water. The stench from each of the places was abominable, and tho wonder is that some of the lesidenta of the last-mentioned house-who have slept imme- diately above this deep pool of filth-bave not already been laid low with fever. The mayor took prompt action, and without further troubling tho city engineer, at once directed a corporation contractor to put on a gang of men and to work night and day until the cause of the block had been discovered and the water removed from the cellars. They began work about 4 p.m. opposite Mr. Wakefield's shop, the man-bole in the gutter near there being nearly full of water. The work was pursued with assiduity, and before midnight the causo of the trouble was discovered. It was found that the junction of the main drain with a drain pipe from the man-hole above referred to was completely blocked by several large pieces of wood and one or two bags. Immediately these obstruc- tions were removed, the water rushed down the sewer at a great speedy and continued to do so for some time. By midnight the water in some of the cellars lind, aba'cd Jjm. or lOin. and it "was"expected thoy would be clear by 6 a.m. to to-day. It is not improbable that the whole affair will form the subject of a special in guiry. ' 