BUSH FI KES. The buBlifire season has come round again, and the plague will probably be more severe than last year owing to the greater length of the grass. On Wednesday a bush fire broke out between the back of Porcupine and Glenlyon, and distant about 2| miles from the latter place. "Volunteers were obtained, and, together with Constable Ryan, used every effor;. though fruitlessly, to prevent its spread. On Thursday it was raging more fiercely, and the assistance of Constables Traynor and Carroll, of Daylesford, was sought. Mr Chisholm lost fencing enclosing about 60 acres, and the fire was fast approaching the homestead of Mr Shea, of Kangaroo Creekr Fears were entertained that unless a stop is put to its progress it may reach the farms and farmhouses nearer Glenlyon. On Thursday the harvest men from the neighborhood knocked off to lend their assistance. The conflagration is of such an extent that for miles around the atmosphere is surcharged ^th smoke, and the hea mile is almost unbearable. t within half a —ITeraM. A destructive fire broke out on Wednesday in the Ironbark Ranges, between Mosquito and Myrtle creeks, caused, it is supposed, by the careless use of matches. Commencing among decayed timber and rank grass, it caught J. Slaven's paddock, destroying pasture, fences, &c.; Despite the exertions of all the available residents it spread to O'Douohue's selection, burning 60 chains of fencing. 200 acresjof grass, and valuable timber. Thence it spread to T. Wright's, iialf^a .pule distant. Mr Wright lost 100 acres of >grasB with the surrounding fences. Young's selection adjoining also caught fire and 200 acres of grass, and a large quantity of fencing and timber was burnt Towards evening the wind changed, saving Messrs Steane's and J. B. Watson's property. On Thursday the fire travelled towards Mount Alexander in the direction oi another farm of O'Donohue's, on Myrtle Creek. The country in this locality is heavily timbered, and therefore it was almost impossible to check the fire, which is now extending over seven miles of country. Incalculable damage will be done unless heavy rain falls. 