URANA. MOKDAY, November 16. (VROK OUR OWN CORRESPONDHNT.) Another change iu the weather baa now occurred ; for whereas for the last two or three days we havo been plunged into the depths of summer heat, for tbe preceding three we had retrograded into winter, baring, as it might be, been driven back by a terrible storm on Tuesday night, which though unattended by rain—at least to any extent—yet reduced the temperature so low as to render both winter vestments and fires very desirable. For tbe sake of tbe late crops it is to be hoped that rain will come seon, but even if it do not, we cannot, I think," com" plain. Water and grass are now abundant, the latter so much BO as to point to'tbe probability of frequent bush-fires. Talking of fires, one broke ont at the Manse early on the morning of the 12tb, but was got under by tbe united exertions of the Rev. Mr. Adam and Dr. .Anderson ; not, however, before the back fence was consumed. It was caused, I believe,' by some hot asheB which had been blown against the fence during the night. It was -a good job that tbe. building itself was of brick, since otherwise it would certainly have proved a case of non ext with it. Ib such a well-ordered community as ours, it might be thought that nothing in the shape of a "larrikin" could be found ; but lam sorry to say that, it a love of mischief constitutes such, there are assuredly some among us. There are some unoccupied houses 00 "tbe hill," whose windows have been all broken by members of this genvt, while some of them have been BO far moved by the spirit of exploration as to endeavor to force an entrance into those houses and examine their interiors. It is full time that their "little game" should be put a stop to, which can be doue only by the instrumentality of tbe law. On the 6th the hospital committee held its nionthly meeting ; present — Bev. G. Adam (chairman}, Messrs. Lublin, Kilgour, Lamb, Galley, and Dr. Anderson. The minutes of the previous mectiug having been confirmed, a letter from Dr. Anderson asking for a testimonial wat read. Oo the motion of Mr. Lublin, seconded by Mr. Kilgour, his request was complied with, and Messrs. Lamb and Cullcy were appointed to draw it up. Bev. Mr. Adam stated that he hid set apart the last Sunday in the present month as Hospital Sunday. The following accounts were then passed for payment, viz.:—W. Ah Kin, 8s. lid.; J. Campbell, £1 Us. «d.; Mrs. Nolan, £1 3B. 8d.; Mrs. Scofleld, £'2 lis.; Wise Bros., £1 12s. 3d.; Culley and Son, £7 7s, 7d.; and Mr. and Mrs. Dash, £8 6s. 8d. I do not think that any other body than the Presbyterian has ever bad an Hospital Sunday here ;the example,thus set, however, tbe other denominations on the township, both Catholic and Anglican, would do-well-itr- following, in support of such a noble charity. On tbe evening of the 31th tberc was a meet* ing of the Progress Committee in the School of Arts, at which, mirabile dictu, there wa6 a quorum present, those in attendance being Messrs. Lamb (chairman), Kilgour, Smith, H. Culley, and Dr. Anderson.' After the confirmation of minutes, a letter was read from the Minister of Works, acknowledging the receipt of that from the committee re Oooodng railway. The secretary reported that''he had seen" the postmaster, who stated'that uo lamp for the outside oE the post office bad as yet arrived. Moved by Mr. Culley, and seconded by Mr. Kilgour—"That the secretary write to the Postmaster- General drawing his attention to its non-arrival." J?e the qucs* tions put to the candidates at the recent election, the chairman reported that those gentlemen were all in fdyor of the different matters brought forward, viz., the dam for the township, the Coonong railway, and the retention of the land office in Urana ,* tbe sole exception being Mr. Gormly, who would favor a railway from The Bock'in preference to onefrom Coonong. Moved by Mr. Culley, seconded by Mr. Smith—" That the secretary draw the attention of the road superintendent at Wagga to tbe 'state of the bridge over the creek, and to' that of the culvert near the bridge; and that he also write to the road superintendent at Deniliquin re the dangerous state of the bridge over tbe. Colombo Creek on the Urana-Jerilderie road." The secretary reported that as the last meeting had lapsed, he bad, on the authority of theehairman, written to the Postal Department re the Coonong mail. Tbe secretary's account having been passed for payment, a notice of motion was given by Mr. H. Culley re the opening of the route to Clear Hills. The proceedings then terminated. Wednesday, the 11th, was a busy and lively day on the township, the presence of the local land court having attracted thereto a great number of strangers. The result of tbe day's proceedings gave an almost unstinted measure of - satisfaction to all concerned, and certainly seemed to inspire them with some degree of confidence in the future working of the Land Act. It'has now become my sad task to annouooc the decs*>6c of Mr. L. B. Culley, the nephew of our respected townsman, Mr. B. Culley, J.P. He was buried this afternoon, tbe Rev, G. Adam officiating at the grave. Tbe funeral cortege embraced all upon tbe township, and such dwellers at a distance as had learned the sad news of his death. 