CEEMINAL CARELESSNESS. . "THE NATIONAL IDIOT," as Mr. G. Augustus Sala felici- tiously terms the miserable creature, has discovered another source of amusement in the Australian Colonies. It is in the Mother Country alone that the national idiot delights his soul by playing the empty gnu trick, but in this "Land of the Golden Fleece" he exhibits even a greater amount of selfish cruelty if it be pos- sible for such to be the case. In England the national idiot amuses himself with playing the side-splitting farce of presenting at his nearest available friend a gun, which he thinks (as if idiots could think) is unloaded, and the next day the de- ceased man's bereaved widow is duly qualified to claim the payment of the policy of insurance her late hus- band had executed upon his life. This is all very well, and no doubt is (con- sidering the lamentable frequency with which the joke is played) thought to be a most exquisite piece of fun, but after all it is perhaps apt to become rather monotonous when repeated a little too often. In the Con- tinent-Island, however, the Austra- lian idiot varies the performance in the following way, that is to say : — The summer season is the time always carefully chosen for the litttle experi- ment, and the hotter the weather may chance to be the better it is adapted for producing a startling effect. The idiot is, of course, a smoker, and usually by preference consumes the abominable cigarette. He either strikes a light for his pipe and then with cruel carelessness throws the still burning match on the ground, or else with callous indifference to the welfare of society at large he pitches the unextinguished end of his cigarette on the ground, and goes on his way rejoicing. The amount of misery and destruction caused in these Colonies in such a way is almost incalculable. Leaving oat of the question the vast losses to property that have been sus- tained in the country districts by the idiot starting bushfires through, his stolid stupidity, valuable lives have not infrequently been wantonly sacri- ficed as victims to the idiot's really criminal neglect It is not so very long ago that a grievous "accident" of such a kind occurred in Melbourne. There was an open air concert held one moonlight evening in the Botanical Gardens; the ever-present idiot was of course there, and equally as a matter of course he performed his neat little trick of throwing a lighted match on one of the paths. A young lady's dress swept over the tiny burning fragment, and in the next moment she was enveloped from head to foot in flames; the result being the holding of a coroner's inquest on the following day. Similar calamities have occur- red in other colonial towns, and yet the perpetrator of such dire catastro- phes invariably escapes from the con- sequences of his idiotic folly scot free, as the law does not provide for him the punishment he so richly deserves. That we are not free in this Colony from a similar danger was clearly proved in the City last Sunday even- ing. A man was walking down the west side of Barrack-street, and when opposite the Central Police Station he was seen to light his pipe, throw the still burning match against the fence, and go on bis way even more unconcerned than if he had performed a virtuous action. In a minute or two after- wards the thick grass at the front of the fence was in flames, and if a con- stable had not at once rushed across the street and trampled the fire out, in all probability our amateur Fire Brigade wonld have been afforded an excellent opportunity for practice. The incident was far from being a trifling one, pointing as it did to the existence of a wide-spread and ex- tremely dangerous custom. That a presumably intelligent being has neither the common sense nor com- mon humanity to expand a breath in blowing out a match in order to avert the occurrence of either ruinons loss or a fatal accident, is indeed past understanding. It is high time that some legal provision of a penal nature should be provided for the punishment of such monstrous offences against the common safety of the community, and that such acts of deliberate sel- fishness should be brauded by the law as being punishable acts of crimi- nal carelessness. 