ORIGINAL POETRY. HOW HE DIED. BY J. FARRELL. "Take my horse," said the squatter to Nabbage; " 'tis forty long miles at the least Ride as if all Hell's devils rode after, and don't spare yourself or the beast. And, mark me, my cove, if I hear that you stop for as much as a nip, I'll hide you while God lets me stand, and then pass Curly Johnson the whip. Give the doctor this letter, and tell him to get his best horses and drive As he never has driven before, if he wants to find Freddie alive. Say I'll pay him a dozen times over if he flogs them until they drop dead; And be there in two hours, or, by G—" (There is no need to add what he said.) There was no need of threats to urge Nabbage: one instant, and, firm on the back Of the boss's blood mare, he was racing away down the dimly-marked track, Away in the thickening night, with the hand of an awful despair On his soul, for the help that was hopeless for a life that was past even prayer. Not a man on the station liked Nabbage; he held himself coldly aloof From the boys in the hut, with his eyes always fixed on the floor or the roof. He was wrinkled, and pock-marked, and stooped, and at meal-times sat ever apart, As though nursing some scorn untranslated, that grew in the shade of his heart. At the first all his mates thought him sulky, and said he was "putting it on;" Then, the sense of the hut, being taken, decided him just a bit gone! But Stumpy, the cook, held the view that the man was a natural skunk;. And, to add to the public disfavor, he oft went ALONE and got drunk! Curly Johnson, the super., despised him, and never neglected & chance To bully and snub the poor wretch, who replied not with even a glance. He was general drudge at the station, and toiled in a spiritless way At whatever they told him to do, for whatever they fancied to pay. Strange that Freddie, the master's one darling, the golden- haired impudent boy, With the slang of the bush on his lips, and the great eyes of Helen of Troy; He the eager, imperious young master, whose talk was of yearlings and brands, Should pick out this strange slouch for a chum, and ignore the more sociable hands! Yet it was so, and often and often, from daylight till set of the sun, The two rode away through the summer far out on the limitless run— The boy on his favorite pony, and Nabbage—I think you can guess That the steed Curly Johnson let him have was not of the build of Black Bess. And everyone noticed that Nabbage was gentle and sweet to the child, And a rumor spread wildly abroad that one night in the hut he had smiled As a man might whose heart was away in the grave of one cherished and kissed, While his comrades grew heated at euchre or smoked their unspeakable twist. And things went on thus till one day, when the gum leaves hung lifelessly down In the haze of a ring of bush-fires that by night made each hill seem a town, They had yarded some steers to be branded—a wild-looking, dangerous lot— And Freddie had lighted his fire, and the iron was just getting hot, When Joe, the new boundary-rider, whose con- duct was painfully flash, Passed along down the side of the fence, hitch- ing in his red silk-woven sash. All at once came a rush as of water, and Joe made one spring past the gate, Which held for a moment, then crashed with the strain of the multiplied weight, And Freddie—poor Freddie!—looked up with a laugh to see what had gone wrong, When thirty mad steers burst upon him, and trampled and tossed him along. Every man rushed at once to his help, and they lifted him, silent and white: And that was the reason why Nabbage was riding away through the night. * * * * * * Every light on the hills out of view—in the dim solemn glens not a light, Not a sound or a stir in the depths of the marvellous hush of the night, Not a pulse or a heart-beat of Nature, no break in the infinite rest, Every star with the eyelight of God lidded down in the East and the West. Half a mile from a town wrapped in midnight, a broken-necked horse at a creek, And a man with Death's dew on his forehead, and blood on his coat and his cheek: "I am dying—I feel death upon me, but yet, even yet, if God wills, I may crawl on my knees to the doctor's—yes, this is the last of the hills. To the left is the way, I am certain. God grant that I be not too late! God grant that my life may be paid for the life of my poor little mate! Darling child of the woman I loved in the days when—O God, is it vain? No! for your sake, my lost angel's boy, I can fight yet awhile with this pain. Years ago when the curse overtook me—when Drink flung its chain round my lot— She turned with a shudder of loathing and scorn from the pitiful sot; But to-night may be large with atonement—to- night, if her spirit may know How and why I am wrestling with Death, may redeem all the lost Long Ago. Not two hundred yards now! If I reach it, though even to die at the door, This letter will tell him—Oh Heaven! the thought never struck me before— The doctor will see I am hurted, and stop to attend me! What way Can I think of in time, to prevent half a moment of needless delay? Ha! I have it. He knows, like the rest, that one-half of my time I am tight. I'll pretend that I stopped out at Brown's and got drunk—for the last time—to-night; I'll muffle this handkerchief well round my face, and he'll not see the mark Of the rock in my head where I fell with the mare when we leaped in the dark." So the man, like a serpent disabled, writhes on with low, agonised moans, And here and there touches with blood, fallen logs, and dry twigs and sharp stones, Till he wearily drags round a corner and finds a warm light in the gloom, And crawls up and beats with his hand on the door of the young doctor's room. A man most decidedly drunk, with a letter held out in his hand! The doctor can't quite make it out, and proceeds in stern words to demand Who he is ? what he wants? But the drunkard, half-rolling away from the door, Curls up where the light cannot reach him, and calmly commences to snore! Then the doctor tears open the letter, and yells to the stable- boy—"Dick! Fix up 'Starlight' and 'Fan' in the buggy, and fetch 'em around pretty quick." Then angrily kicks the fallen drunkard, and seizing the drugs he may need, Drives away up the street with the greys at the uttermost reach of their speed. Then the drunkard half-rises and listens, a wistful strange smile on his face, And mutters, "Thank God, I deceived them; in two hours they'll be at the place, And whether he lives, or has wandered to dwell with his mother above, I have triumphed an hour over Death for the boy with the eyes of my love." * * * * * * So he died! And I can't well help thinking that if, after all they've to say— I mean Tyndall and Huxley, and all the loud eighty-ton guns of a day— After all they have proved about plasma, if it chanced so excessively odd That the levers and springs they lay bare are controlled by the right hand of God— Not a new god with all the improvements, but simply the old-fashioned Lord Whom our unscientific progenitors knelt to o' nights and adored; If the backwood old fogies who yet fancy Christ our pre- eminent Friend, In defiance of Science and Reason should hold all the trumps in the end, It may be the rouseabout swiper who rode for the doctor that night Is in Heaven with the bishops and priests robed and sceptred, and splendid with light; It may be that Freddie and Nabbage roam abroad o'er plains shining and wide, Where wings take the place of bush horses and boundaries are spacious to ride! 