S. A. Bushfire Law. Perhaps oae of the best methods the South Australian Government can devise to substitute reverence for the amusement with which the S. A. Bush Fires Act, recently passed, is regarded in their province would be to distribute copies of our own Act dealing with the subject. For who, after a comparison of our own modest collec- tion of clauses with the highly elaborated production of our friende across the bor- der, could fail to regard the latter with those feelings of awful respect which the law should always invoke ? Up to the present moment our friends have only just got the Act into their hands, but they have no doubt read the newspaper re- ports of the debate during its progress through the House. They have in their recollection the laughter which some of its provisions provoked, the ridiculous comments indulged in by certain incon- siderate journals, the fact testified to by a member of the House that " the Commis- sioner of Crown Lands was seen sitting with his feet in the gutter at Woodside, smoking a cigar," or in other words, doiing one of those terrible acts which the new law is attempting to abolish, viz., the smoking an uu-covered pipe ! They can hardly yet have recovered from the pa- roxysm of gratification which must have seized them when they found their Sab- batarian legislators had prohibited the lighting of fires in the bush on Sundays, but had not prohibited their being light ed on Saturdays and kept burning through the Sabbath attended by the four men which, according to the Act, forms the com- plement which must be maintained during the continuance of a fire. In fact the laws regulating the blasting of trees and tim- ber, prohibiting the lighting of fires within certain periods, or the smoking of uncov- ered pipes within 26 yards of a stack, or on a public highway in any case, and inter- dicting picnic parties from lightiug fires even in winter, without first clearing a space of ten feet around the camp de- serve one of the highest positions ever accorded to any triumph of British Le- gislation, for their uncommon sa- gacity and practical tendency. So many indeed aud so ingeniously complicated are the safeguards against bush lires, that they ate hardly likely to be serious- ly read marked, learned, and inwardly di gested, unless as we have said the S. A. Government endeavour by comparison with our small Act to awaken that rever ential respect which a piece of law making so elaborate and so vast ought undoubted iy to command. 