CETjISIN'G EtST THE HAWKESBTJET. It T»pg often been said chat our aquatic amateur sailors were unequal to the task of vontnring outside the Heads; but the number who have gone out during the holidays, to explore 'fresh fields and pastures new,' both north and soutn, completely disproves any such statement, and the oiity reason that these extended cruises do not occur of tener is because it is useless going outside unless one has at least three days to spare from business. The beautirul waters of the Hawkesbury hod representatives from the different sailing clubs. ThcS.A.S.C. and the D.B.A.S.C. ware in great force. ConimodorsDiatrich, Commodore il'Donnel, j Vice-commodore STilson {Waitaugi) , and the Vice-commo- * dores of the P. A.T.C. and D.B.A.8.C., all went up in their ! boats, thus setting a good example to the other members, i and bearing silent testimony that we have a, neuclns ol at least one hundred well trained boat sailors, exclusive of five yachts there were at least SO boats counted about the bays in the Hav/kesbury, all of which sailed out from the Heads from Tuesday to Thursday morning. Camping out ] is now held in high favour, and becoming even quite , fashionable, and this too by persons owning boats that ; hitherto have been looked upon as mere racing machines, i The Sydney Amateur Sailing Club was represented by the Asteroid, Dreamland, Xottie, Snowdrop, Muriel, Cutty Sark, Wanganella, Bsvche, Colleen Bawn. The Double Bay A. Sailing Club by the Curlew, Iris. The Lottie being also the commodore's boat ijt this other club. Besides these, there were also present the Viking, BIr. Charlton's new boat; the Weringa, Pearl, SybiL. Agnes, Zuleika, Corinne,Maritan& ; the latrer having J made a very fast trip from Sydney. The weather was very favourable 'both going and coming. In going down there was | a good muster on Thursday morning, some ten boats going j out in close order. Some had gone on Wednesday afternoon, \ and one on Tuesday morning. The time made was very \ good both Ways. A capital opportunity was given to see ' the river, as there was a fine S.B. wind and flood tide, and , the majority made their way as far as Beronra Creek, | which was honoured by the Dreamland, Lottie, 'Wanga- nella, Curlew, Zuleika on Christmas Day; while j just below were the 'Waitsngi and Muriel, with the i Pleiades and 'Viking in Cowan Creek: Some hoats | anchored in 'Wogonga Creek, the Asteroid was \ lying very lonely under Long Island ; and some i three or four others went over to Pittwater and j the Basin. On Friday most of the boats worked lower i down the river, and in the sea reach the Violet, 'Mistral, ] and Sao, were met coming from Sydney, followed by the f Wolverene, which, if report be true, found amusement and I instruction in shelling the 'bonks of Cowan Creek, and thereby settin|r fire to the hush and so disfiguring nature. Certainly from the basin reports were heard, and soon after bush-fire smoke was seen moving in clouds. On Saturday ; evening there was a large muster at the Basin, 12 boats and. { three yachts laying there waiting for theietnm trip on Sunday. Punctually at Sp'm. the Wait&ngi;, the flagboat of the fleet, fired her cannon, which is repeated at 8 a.m., when tiie flag is hoisted. At night the scene on shore was very lively, as most of the crews had mutual friends, and told various yarns of their aquatic experiences, and it was pratty late before the various crews turned ? in except for those who were going out with the earl v westerly at daylight- The Catty Sark left the basin first, followed by the Snowdrop, Pearl, and the Toting Harry, ahshmg boat torn .Double Bay, hired 'by some amateurs.' TiieEe three got well off the-land by 10a.m., but found the E.N.E, very fete in coming in/ : Soon utter the Dreamland and TTanganella; with the Sibrl, from, the . river, , jrai out, getting ah offing «bout 11 a.m. . The Dreamland 'came back very fssi^ ^^ji^nn^r the PeszL TChi^i *1^&d; n .^ong1 start Of some two or tliree miles, and jbcsiiDgtJiB 'WaDgaBBjla'bv sbjno 12 nunirles. 'WliGnZjong^Seef-'WBiB'ErGa^ied.thecciezie 'would have inade^ tgcv ^pt&tty; ^lotuxe.^ ^Siere. were six boats in a heap astern ol'tTib WunganeHa, rend' four ahead, with some yachts bowling- alongaiafast jwce. The trip took from two and a half to three hours, «nd more lor olower boats, from Berraijoey to South reef, and the wind ..was sot toQ much aft to stop the Jib irom- flrawing.T The Gurlewv.Iria.CoUeen Bawn, Stayed behind, 'and jperhajMsotheraj bat all flie rest, eo far aswecanlfiarnJreacb^Jhor£iei3a]feyrwithontaccident. The fair vrii^ did not iioce8Ei±a.t6aiiyoiie having to oyerland it fromPlttWoter-tobein time for business.' Besides the sailing boats there, were mimeroue skiffs taken round by Bteamer,,end the two steam vachte Eva andNorthumbria ?toamedW' What other portc were visited fcythecltib's and other boats will, doubtteBB,.1» duly recorded; but for Broken Bay it may be iesid Hint it had^ieiionVshsxe, and it is gratifying to know that when such an occasion as tids fast pastofferB itself ourtiaateurs axe only too glad'to vary ^monotony of the smooth hartbuT foralurchaad fa toll on our oun'eunny ocegn. - : -. - ' 