,NyOxES ANjD WrRNVT-&, 'cs1lsd bing the fd~toth anni Vieisari:f MS Prince of- Wale' birthiday as obseived-na a publipholdWyt roughout ie'" cblony:" 'In Colae all: the business establishments were crosed,.and the town presented quite a Sunday appearance. A large number of residents visited Melbourne, but the principal attraction was the Presbyterian Snnday school-picnic- which was held, as usual, on the racecourse. About nine o'clock in the morniing the children, parents, teachers, and frienids assembledat the schoolroom, from whence conveyances started at frequent intervals to the ground, where the day's enjoyment was to take.place. From nearly every vehicle bannerettes were displayed,and thej nveiniles were in the most exuberant spirits, judging by their happy faces and their joyous shouts. Each division was taken in charge by the teachers, and when the groeind was reached it was seen that thoughtful provision had been made by the school committee for old and young alike.' Tea, hbns, cakes, and sweets were dispensed with no sparing hand to the company, and games of various kinds were entered into with a great deal. of zest. Everyone appeared to enjoy himself or herself, .and the return . journey to Colac was accomplished without any mishap shortly after six. o'clock. The attendance ,was larger than usual, and great praise is due to the teachers and committee who carried out the picnic in such a capital manner. During the summer months, from the 24th' inst. to; the 31st March next year, che'ap -excursion tickets, available for a a month, will be.issued at all the principal stations in the colony for the various watering places on the Victorian coast, to enable residents in the country to spend their annual holidays at the seaside.: For the price of four tickets, the head of a family may obtain a ticket entitling him to trivel to and from the place where hia family are staying as often as desired diring the month. The town is full of people who are attrac ted hither by the great sale of the Cororooke estate which takes place at the rotunda on "The Hill" to-morrow (Wednesday). Up wards of forty gentlemen arrived by train last evening, whilst a still greater influx is expected to-day. The hotels and private boarding houses are taxed to their utmost capacity, and numbers of men are camped on the ground, the same as in the days of free selection. The sale of these farms, which is the most extensive of its kind ever held in the colony, has broughta greater number of people to Colac than any other event we know of, with, perhaps, the exception of the selections many years ago. Aspecial train will arrive at Colas on the morning of sale at 10.40, leaving on its return journey at 0 o'clock in the evening. Persons who intend going to Cororooke by coach on the morning of sale had better book their seats early, or they may be disappointed. SIt is notified in the last Governnment Gatette that persons desiring to have their names enrolled on the General Lists for the-Legislative Assembly and Legislative Council, which must be prepared during the week ending 1st December proximo, must-on or before that date obtain Electors' Rights from the Registrars for their respec tive Divisions, or their deputies. Not only in this district but all through the colony, the.richest and best estates are passidg 'from the possession of pastoralists into, the hands of agriculturalists. These lainds have proved to be far too valuable for grazing purposes alone, and as there is at the present time an enormous demand for rich: virgin lands, the owners in an great many instances have parted with their estates to large and wealthy syndicates, who have them cut up into convenient sized blocks and offered them to public com petition on exceptionally reasonable terms. SOni Saturday last.the. Hon. WVm uI'Culloch, of Mertoun Park, disposed .of his magni ficent propertyj icar Melbourne, and known as Glenroy, to .S Sydney 'syndicafte' ,athei ligohfglurse of El22 pee acre. TIueestate in qucstion:tnowprises.sa areai 6f700 acres. In consequence of.tlitsale of this property,. the.wholcof .Mr. M'Cnllch.'s faunous studs, of shoethsoin cattle asd Clydesdale hdrseed will be removed to .is estate, near Colac. Mor. Wmi. Robertsom, M.P., has sold to Messrs. jBen~ t aad Leviordslaiare 'acting on- behalf, of a IMelbourne. syndicate, thei Sgreater pbrtion. of his beautiful estate,: k'nowi as;g" The ,Hill.' ..Th blocks .dis-' Sosed of 'o .tlie raeocorsoe anid lake pad docks, andi his: portion of the Hamilton rm,?. comprising ihi all .about 2500 -acres,. the irioce beiing .E22 10 an acre. The racecourse. Sand lake paddocks have a fine frontage to :Lake Colae, while the. lower Hamilton paddock has ta fronta;e. of about three nuarters. of amile, to Lake Corangamite. Thi iaiid is,bounded on the northern side :by',: tl'e falnbos Coroi'oke Estate, and. iakrrangments have already been made if'o sitdividing the property and .placing it in the market, the same as is being done with Cororooke. The whole ýof this laIndlis eminently suited for agri iculture, and being situated within a few :miles of-a railway station the price paid for it cannot be considered a high one. Thursday, 19th November next, has been gazetted as a public and bank holiday at Colac, the annual pastoral and agricultural -show of the Polwarth and South Grenville P., A., and H. Society being held on that day. \- The gunual Horticultural Show in con nection with tle Polwarth and South Grenville Agriciutural Society will take place in the Oddfellows Hall, oit Thursday next. The exhibits number in all 217, and the arrangements of the Committee are complete, so that the exhibition promises to be quite as successful as any which have preceded it. The Amateur Dramatic Society have now in rehearsal Henry J. Bryon's celebrated drama, entitled " Blow for Blow,' which they purpose prolducing at an early date in aid of the Colac Hospital, The date of tle performance has not yet been definitely fixed, but it is more than probable that it will take place on Saturday, 5th December (night of Colac regatta). According to the Chronicle of Saturday last, the extension of the railiray line from Camperdown to Terang will be proceeded with very shortly, the Engineer to the Department having informed Mr. Uren, the Parliamentary representative for the dis trict, that tenders for the construction of this section would be called '' within fourteen days from date" (November 5th). Thle line will doubtless be in the hands of the contractors about the beginning of the now year. Mr. Andrew Murray, senr., the hospit able owner of Wool Wool estate, will return to Victoria next month, he and Mrs. Murray aod family having left Scotland last month. Mr. Murray will receive a hearty welcome on his return to Colac, where he hlas resided foi so many years. There were no cases set down ifor hear ing at the Police Couirt: o Friday last, and the magistrates in attendance-Mr. Forrest and Dr. Hood-sigt4id -. Nblank chirge-' sheet. . , SThe performance of "Antigone" at the TowndIall, Melbouine,r'?o Frido 'ni4?ht'in aid of the Women's 'lHopital was at great "ccoss d'Rd ItheioSumof .B 1-si-liasbeen the: profit ' "^ ....... x .. SParlimtentone ilreasemble this week for the transietion of business after the week's recess,; decided u on:in onnsequenc of..the racing carnival. . t In the Legislative Asscmtbly,, the Governuient .propose (.says th e,Age) ,at to-day's sitting to proceed twith te Administration of Justice Bill, and on ,dned ios(ay-r: Blerrywill initiate the discussion upon tlie ilqestsidi of establishinsi ý14treaty jwith Tasmania, for a free inter" ingoof the, naturial products and the 1masnof utres of .T'asmania and Victoria. l'iosda s:' s:itWting will probably be de votecd itodiscussing the estimates. Thli Fbo niC ac;" l Ati Adopting Bill is also to beread a. third time this week, but no fi :er;. discussion is expected on this ueasueiiro in;tlie Lcgislative assembly. The Leoilahtiver Cooneil have now plenty of work on. hund to keep loou. members en "a;'l duinig the whlole week. About fifty clauses of tile Licensing Bill have yet. to be considered in commisttee, tle Justics' of thie 'Peace Bill is ready to be road a second time, and half a doz2en small billd also appe'ar ,il the notice papcr wait ing' to be Ipassed thsrough the lin-l stages. Tenders are invited fdr tohe constulictiont of aL tellgraph line Ietween Ca'i',C'rdoihow and.Port CampbelU, rturnable on tce 24th inustant. - - , , A special meeting of the Committee of the Turf Club was held at the Victoria Hotel yesterday, the president (Mr. John Calvert) in the chair. The meeting was called at the instance of several members for the purpose of altering and extendin, the programme for Boxing Day's meetins. Besides altering one or two of the events already advertised, the sum of .£20 w; voted for athletic contests to take place during the interval between. the races. It wa, dlcideed- to guarantee the Railwna Department the sum- of £25 10s.3 to run special'train froin Geol6ng on th~ moorain, of the races, arriving. at Colac about 1l 'o'clock noon idhiiid'l rtuiihiigt town inunne diately . ifter'.the 'races: PerimisAiion wa granted to the Blue Ribbon Society to use the gromud on New Year's Day; when thy propose to hold a monster picnic. And the meeting then closed. A meeting of the medibers of the Win. chelsea Racing Club was held at the Barwon Hotel on Friday afternoon, the president (Mr. J. R. Hopkins), occupying the chiir. It was decided to offer all the booths anll fruit and oyster saloon stalls for sale by auction;- and members of the Club to pay for their own luncheon. The question o issuing £10, debentures to pay off the existing debt upon the Club was postponed for a month. The matter of arranginr special trains from Geelong and Coltac anl Camierdoivn on Boxingg Day was left in the hands of the Secretary, and the meet. ing.closed. A most enjoyable ball was given on Thursday night last by Mr: and Mrs. L. G. Calvert, of Dreeite. About fifty orsixty guests from all parts of the district were in attendance, and the most ample pro vision was iade for their comfort. Dancin, commenced at half-past eighto'clock, ann was kept up with spirit until five o'clock the following morning. The room, which was tastefully decorated withflowers, ferns and flags, presented a very gay and pretty argh-T TPho ciptper took place at midniht, and was all that could be desired by any. one. The dresses of the ladies were notice. able for their elegance and good taste, and for these reasons were greatly admired, as some of the fashions of the present day are such as spoil a good figure. The music as usual, was furnished by Messrs. Clark and Wray, in a manner that clicted the praise of the company; and Mr. P. M'Leod acted as M.C. to the entire satisfaction of all. As a suitable wind up to the night'. enjoyment, three hearty cheers were given for Mr. and Mrs. Calvert. Another valuable little estate in the parish of Carpendeit, belonging to Mr. Peter Morrison, is in the market for private sale, and full particulars concerning it will be found in another column. The estate comprises an area of 1100 acres, enclosed by substantial fences, conveniently sulb divided, and splendidly watered by sprin., which.for supply and purity could not e excelled. The property is only six miles from the Stonyford railway station, and a person purchasing it would find at his very door postal convenience for himself and school accommodation for his children (should he have any). Land in this locality is rapidly advancing in value, as the seasons along the fringe of the forest are more certain than in most other parts of the colony, and as the advertisement truly sets forth, drought or scarcity of water in that region is unknown, while at the same time there is not a supemrbundance of water to made it adrawback. Thetrees, with the exception of the umbrageous an, graceful lightwood trees, on this property have been ring-barked for many years past, and the paddocks that have been cultivated yield corn in plenty, as much as, eikhtv bushels to the acre having beenl taken off a large area of it the season before last, while .last season the yield ws sixty bushels of bats. This is evidence in itself of thefertility of the soil, md the pur chaser of this property will; besides obtain ing a goodxetur fo-rhis fivestment, douile ,his money in' a? vey few years, The pro pert.-;s is'Xgst desirhale one, and shoull mnotbe allhoed tp remawin lon in search ;for"ii buyer.'".. '': . . :a- I . a . As there isa ,iore local demand for store ;cattle this season, the attention of graziers is directed, to. an .nadvertiseument which appears in' another column, from Messrs. ýGlowrey, Danalier,;and Co., stock agents, !of Donald, who state thait they have f.r 'sale large ;numbers of good forward cattle .of nixed sexes and ages in the Donald, *Lake:Buloke, and Chalrlton districts. MIr. E. F. Danaher, the auctioneer for the finm, who is well-known in this district, is nowin Colae, and; will be, glad to give intendin purchsasers the fullest particulars concern ing the stock advertised. IMr. Jamos Robertson, of Glen Aldie, together with Mrs. Robertson and the elder members of his: family, will visit Europe early next year. Mr. Robertson intends to leave Victoria at the end c! January next. Mr Rands has disposed of, throughlr Nel son, his beautiful property at Larpent, com prising an:area of 80 acres, on which there is a commodious dwelling house and other substantial improvements, to a gentleman who comes from the - Wimmera district. The price paid was .£25 ai acre. The prize sheep exhibited at the recent show of the Geelong Agricultural Society by Mr. Joseph Mack, of Berry Ban', Lismore, were shorn on the 2nd inst. Th aged Wagang ella ram, which took the first prize at the Geelong show, and tle champion prize at Campcrdown, cut jos 11lbs. weight of.clean wool. The two- toot ewe cut lllb 12oz, and the aged Ellingerin ewe cut 91b lloz. The hot weather has been severely flt at the Dookie Experimental Farm. Ite crops on the farm. and in the iimmuediat neighborhood have suffered severely. The stock also felt thle leat greatly, several horses and cattle dropping dead tin Ih fields. Clarence Whistler, the champiin wrestler, who recently arrived fr.m America, died in Melbourne. on Frisly morning from pneumonia. le was N years of age. Deceased leaves a wife anl family ii San Francisco. According to tl;e repqrt of theMinistered Public Institutions'for the year 1SSfc t which has just been issued, there are S13 children attending the various schools in Colac, made jup as under:-Mulrr.ty-striet school, 4GS; Town Common (Ellimiuyti school, 200; Roman Catholic school, 1l private school, 22. SWe have received a snumiiary of tls operations of the Savings Banks of'Victor for the month of October, 1885, from whit it will be seen .that thle. number of ilItl" tors now exceed 100,000, haviing at thr credit upwards of £2,100,000. This state ment bears abundant proof of the thrift,' Victorians. Atelegram from Cooktown,dated Siundl.y states that :-\While at Yap, the comuinalr of the Albatross, Captain P'ludermanln.',u"i' a treaty with the Queen of the Caroliný Islands, whereby she cedes the whole 'l the territory to German protection. It i? stated that the natives are entirely in favour of Germany, and are npposed t" the Spaniards. When the Albatross turned, from taking possession of f Marshalll group of Islands onlyone SpansO transport remaiined at Yap. A ieerr ct' was set up with tite "Imperial iGerm' protectorate" painted thereon. At l'eji"! Island they found an immense natulser st dulcks and fowls, and thle whole of tlr ship company lived on poultry for onte vweekic . a cost of 23s. The prices were six foi, for a penny, or a dozen for an old shirt. Owing to the recent drought the ]i;a'r-' piroslpects through thie Witmer. areti ver" discouraging. Whole areas which I'ri suiscd wsell are beyond recovery. Mr. Daniel M. Cooper lias been aPlx,intf1 a member of the Board of Advice for ith School District comprising the East.a"d West Ridinigs of tile Shire of Winchld-ea, No. 2513. The following applications for gr'"1 - have been approved -Parish of hitewillil -William Il. Andersont, 2sa :hr lpl. Par' - of Ellieuinyt-Alex. O. Cant, 2s :ir IP, dMary Cant, 2as ;r !Sp MicliCel MIol.on. It2a ir "7p; Ji Cant, jn.. Georg C t John Cant, sour., and Jessie U. Ca"t, acres each. The applications of the followiug persons iavre not been graenteds:-I u"h l orke James DoUrmaiin, 220 acres each, 1parish Od Barramimtgs. 'The following liccnses lhave 'een' " can celledt for non-payment of rent:-enjl 1. Lucis, 1115 acres, i?tish of Irrowillipc; ia Clihrles Drew, junr., 1 acrses, pVslt~ BaDoniraookj. The following annuallicensing meetings witlin the licensing district of Ir.,Heron; p'M., will be held as follows :'Geeloig, ith December, 12 noon; Leigh Road, 3rd ceimbier, 10 a.m.; Colec, 5th December i2 noon; Shelford, 9th.December,-!ba.m,. Wiidchelsea, 10 ,December, 11 a.m.; C:am perdown, 11th December, 10:a..i.; Birre g 1rra,-21st December nI . Ilm. . : crrespondent : write ns i'ider :_" A ,eeting' of the Bible ::Christian IChurel Bailding Committee.-was held at Mrs. Sutton's residence, Pii-ion Yalloak, a few days ago, when it as 'sresolved to commence building operations as soon as`ithe o'' for the church was .settled.. e ecoimmittie erect o t he able Wto ot'stin a pc r ,, d eetinear the PiTr llst ' Comitee, wif [hey " cain otMr. i'Kay hildin( o. ? e coiumto ind R m'e most liher l manner.. 'V sth' reference to. the erectin of thie Bible Olristi ' `u cr ch a T Irrllipe th e e crr1isfpont nlt Writes: -"A ieeting ofbthe Trust Committee was held at Mr. v'.iKen'i e'sTli 'llost com-in di' " It.was'dlec'ided to 'call'.i at 'pnce for tenders fr,that isewok, ai. P anse, andispeci of i ?Itrrins~i i eeti. 'he f iilic:nti .plces foin inspeto be y tenderers.l Tlee ontricts, d 'l-tmentarin; ost ie i , 1 eeil, al nd tln appeal ofrding, tother citht stockbreedni's' ready response. .diss I. I'K -iAze' ,_ndMs. uido, seuin eceappoints, e icel ' collectoaying the almivs Me isrs'.' .Clenre sheet calend;a pre present it both iu eets I ,,e. ' Thit the year hir81 is fasu t approaething we are reminded by the numbert of alma naics and calendars which'i, i" comiiin'to hand almost i eve ryd'a?.he Tfie most com plete book almanacn which has yet reached is is thae issued bvti r. Pa rkinson, sttioner, tains, besides thi usuial calendir ,tables, de partuientail, postal; 'telegraphic; lnail, and railway informiation, statistis--sfthtb clo,th , on legdsltio egiinnd hothtl fairming' and gardening, together with stockbreedest giide, useful: receipts, '&-c" 'ieeinpdnanying the almanac is .a.. large sheet calendar printed in bold figures. oe o ?; ffer The Hampden e sire ::conteil,'atiits.last nmeeting, Mmanimosily sesolved to obtain a report frtod the Nshire en"oinreer 'al toth most practicable scheme for G roevidingc an. ample watei" supply for Camperdosn. ... The rabbit i nuisnceis again forcing itself .upn thf attention of the fearmers of.flit Caiperdowne.di strict, i WNothditlistanding the large' oimnt'bof woik done in posonmg rabbits during eThed'i*inter the pest is becoming so .:tri hilesore, . especially. .on Crdwn lands;d ithat great formpjeints:,d are const ntly being f nade by thse. who sffer. by the depreda.tions, the rabbi~~ ts ol'is According to the Nes .YorkIdesrali'of the' 6thi Septeisber, : Miss.s Genedvidv''eWard' imade such' in' absluhte ea 6nof est of:the dded, " as hissombre majesty had 'ianyf wives"'; alrid; i, Miss- ' Ward-;' declined'; to join the' tro pe. o Then: thne Maori!'Kinf tffered t6'kill all his haorei! sothat. Miss Sard should have no cause for jealdousy; And yet she fled." - -. The weatneri(saiysthe rgstoi opp ire4s sively warm in many'parts' of New South Wales,: although' mnuch. cod6olerti' Sydney ', Extensive bush-fires are rang in. Moruya district: The'dcoui'try 'n the eigbrli6od of Woodooga, on the. .Queensland,bhorder,; is described 'as in i deploraiblse 't?t'.'; There is very little water, and some of the stations are practically deserteidn fcI I Js s.f, Drin " a dst-stirmjin I Sydney,ljon/'Fri ay pevenin (says tbe Teegraphs ) several houses were struok,y lightning,,s and a number of. persons bade arrowr escapes., St. Pter's Chreh Sutidalysh~a'ol:, a,:ooden?, liuildiiig" at .Wiatsi' ` .Bay,. ' ws'blo" n' Mr. F. S. W. Mawson, dentist, Geelongri, may be consulted -iatthe-Victoriae Hotel, CoelacTonine Ious y',7_ti: ist3o "zoEs siO The Spring m.ieeting, ofthe-,Vicqoria Racing Club was brought to a conclusion on Sbitrdy,, and, a_ the ,wcaithe ;was simpl,, perfect : and : thc proIgramme .of. a mostl interesting character, the attendance:,was nisually ll ger being in fact in exeessiof anmy tprevious Steeplechase.-,daYe:..liHis Excellency the Governor and suite, accom panied by Sir Wmi i:Robinisoiin,'thh Governor of South Austrliiia- were ..amongst the viaitors, alnl the' aiftelirnoi' proceedings wre theof the most enjoyable n ture. Th opening event, the .aties'l Produce Stakes VIas thought to be ari'easy. thing for:Uralla;' Iht she ran an arrant atjade and *ons: last, the first three pl ces':beinihfilled by.iRdsis, Arne tl amds Reglq ster, The Flemington Sbtake for two yearholds wa?i .wn .hy. at compaintive outidiedi ilDamoeles ,'.it]h elcphoe fiand DivideCnd'second Band lhid,; ofter a splendid race, .ind a4 equally interesting contest fortheVR.C,. HTandicap, esw Brown and Rose retuirne?al?' winner by hilf a le ngth from Sheet .Anchor, Lesbia and the others. ,iThe Steeplechase causedi smore than the usual number of falls, though fortunastcly no on?c'as l?iurt'aI d eventu?ally Lizette won eisily ifsy.hailfa-'adoen leiths Bob Cooper 'and u ittive eing' second iii'd third. The Canterbury, Plate waso i'slen did.race, and Tr6ntoni jiit bet n. ordon feldt bys hand, the pair lhavingth'e fiish' all to themselves, 'Tirnomii y bein- I .lon wy oelf third. Tli'e lst event of tlis'eet iig, the Free h6dicapnbada stroe?g fien d and the favorite, Cerise and 'Blue, woni cleverly at the finish, The Agent aidd. Irralee following herlhonieii? froit 'of the others. ., -., .* .'' i ; :fi -.. a: The special anridiltlturial coirre6bspoderi of the Leader telegrapied from Shepipatdii to yesterday' 'A is follows .-The present season has. been the best fdithe laftotin years. Trhe'slat crop so 'cell forieard iin. the parishes :of IManalore,< Tabilk, C6oiiF bonom, Undi-.s, St. Germains, Toolambh,. Arceadi;, Tatmiu, dircehisdn, /MIooroopna, rmd Shepparton, andlthe- avera oe ; itiisses timated, will csmge from 14 to 22: bushels; per acre. Tle-hot 'winds;'experienced a fortnight ago damaged' the: crops slightly, bat the suaequent ins redued the *lossl to a minimum. The.take-all.his .mddd its! appe:mrace in several of the, above .nsuned: ireas. In- some. instances' 'especially at Meoorbppua and :..TitLua,'- itb.has".seriosuBly eflected the *ield. i The oat cropsLare par-i ticularly good, averaging from'!25', to 35: liaiselas, - Hty harivesting. is.: becoming geueral throughout .thle-. district . -:;he crops are heavy;, 3 tags -per ncrer being quitt cqmumon . DPlring: the next:fortnight barley crops will. be ready'for striping, and the average is expsected to: be betwden S and 9 bushels. :: . "::* 