:LOCAL AND GENERAL. Soe ?3urtoa correspondenttreportsthat the case against H. T. Bennett was proceeded with yesterday, Inspector Baber appearing on behalf of the Crown, and Mr. Ireland, instructed by Mr. Perry, for the defence. The Police Magistrate at the outset, in reply to Mr. Ireland, stated that the Crown would proceed upon the sworn evidence already given by Alfred Baker. The evidence of Mr, Mounro, manager of.the Colonial Bank, regargin)the pro; notes'relating to the case S as taken, and the pro. notes produced. Mr. Andrew Taylor, timber merchant, de posed to his having discounted for H. T. Bennett two pro. notes, drawn .by Alfred Baker andlendorsed by A. Murphy, in favour of Bennett. Mr. GeorgeNisbet, hotelkeeper, deposed to having discounted a pro. note for Bennett, and Mrs. Baker gave evidence cor roboratiig the evidence previously given by her husband (Alfred Baker) relating to the sale of the sheep. Mr. Stephen Holgate (of Powers, Rutherford, & Co.) was called, but did:not put in an appearance, and Inspector Baber signified his intention of taking fur ther action because of'his not answering the summons to atteild.. The police magistrate also made reference to it. He also rebuked Mi. Munro, the Iuhik manager, for notpro ducing the pro. notes when first called upon to t do so. Owing to Mr. Holgatenot appearing and his having the stock mortgage which was given by Crow for the sheep, the Crown was unable to proceed, the Inspector, conse- c quently, applied for a remand until the 27th inst, which, after some preliminary objec- r tions by Mr. Irelanid, was granted, bail being 1 fixed in the same amounts as previously,- himself in' £200, and- two 'sureties of £100 each. IT Will be remembered that, owing to the 1 exceeding drynessthis season, the intention t to:hold the.usual floirer show last year had to be abandoned, but we are pleased to re' port that, with;more favourable conditions, it has been resolved to again comnmence the annual exhibitions. A meeting of members of the Horticultural Society was held at the Rbyalihltell s tright, whei there were present 'MeAsrs Clarki jun., (isn the chair), Moon, Nicholls, M'Calman, May, Parks, jikte, Bryant,casd-Andreivs- Correspon dence was read fr~o MessTisThoimpson (Stawell), Brunning (Melbourne), and Geoege Snitli (Ballarat), offering special prizes; which-were-received--tit h- thanks. The chairman.having reported that,as the re result of anpreliminary?,anvass, forty-four menijlcrs had bedn enrolled,ithe election of office-bearers was proceeded with, and the following were elected :-President, Mr. R. l:-A'ndrews';?Vice-President,L Mr. R. Clark,Junr. ; Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. I -B. J. Nicholls; Assistant. Secretary, Mr.C. a Layh i'Codmmittee".Messrs MaIy,iM'Calman; ' . Cltrk, senr., Parks, Bryant, Langlands, Ja.. ;Millar, nand :.oon; PrizeComunittee, ' .theLPresident, Vice- President, Secretary, t and?fessrs Parks and Bryant. During the t vehing sorie iplended:specimihsi of flowers a grown' in the Botanical gardens woerdex- l liibitod bj?\M. 'Pars''aaid -inuch admired, r mers generally being, of pinion that the° show of 1885, the date of which: was fixed J -for 13thr-November will clipse any of its P predeceesrs. Other reptine brsi slhaving a been transacted, the meeting clood. d A CONCERT in aid of the Horsalm Band v was hehdlst'tl, MfHisies' Institute hall on Friday evening, when there was a fair at- h tendance, though by no means so large as b 'the iTemniFirs-of thebasid w re justifid& in a ,uiticipating(. Thie forclietra tar compo'sid h of Messrs J. P. Cocks, (first violin), R. Riss- l, mann (second violin), J. Anderson (cornet). i J. Sibly:(fliatist), R. Bailey (clarionet), D. p Page (trombone), E. West (pianist). The performance was opened by the orchestra nt " EIff'E a biumpjrig (Wa nwright),. t which was performed very creditably. Mr. E. J. Thompson, who was in excellent voice, t sang "The Old Brigade" and "The 'Silver Cup-"r'ith due expression;Sand wias 'loudly' 'ppjanded. The " 'IeignJ ft-the Roses" by Miss. A. Bate, of Stawell, was t mtich apipeciated,;, audn warmly encored.; "Our Jack's come home to-day" by the same.lady, fairly brought down the house, t another encore being demanded. Mies Dixon .sang:,, "Sweet ' Violets "- ,and " Killarney" in grand style, being in 1 .splended'voice; andl min the second part "A dream within a dream," an encore of course being demanded. MIr. J. Davis rendered two comic songs, " I'll never go home any mnore" and "t0 Boys, keep' away from the girls," in his usual taking style: and Mr. Glenister followed with " In happy moments," which was rendered very fairlyj A well executed ° hornpipe by Jas. Ryan was greatly admired t and had to be repeated. An " Irish jig " by H. Thomson,. and a " Double Clog Dance " 8 by H; Thomson and J; Glenister, were also I exceedingly well executed and were awarded warm applause. The performance was con eluded by a laughable and highly amusing farce, entitled " The Wig Maker," in which i Messrs. ;J. Davi,'; !A;. Cuming, and l. I Anderson took part, the audience being E highly pleased Miss:E.' M. B. BNankivell E kindly officiated as accompanist, in her usual 1 able and pleasant manmer. TIsE parents and friends of children at tending the Sunday school in connection with the Horsham Church of England (St. Jolhn's), are reminded that the tea and public meeting ini celebration of the anni versary. of the schlool will take place this I evening at the Mechanies' Institute haliL - Tihe teachelrs Ihave been busily engaged during' the past week or two in making tihenecessary t arrangements, and from the cordial assist- I anue they have received on all hands in the 1 shape of donations of provisions, &e.;, re quisite for the occasion, aus well as the I number of tickets disposed of, itis anticipated that the meeting'willhe Verysuccessful. We have been requested to.state that teachers will be in atteidance at the hall dnring the 1 day.to receive the contributions promised, I and they are anxions that delivery should be i made as early as possible to faciliate their I arrangements. Addresses will be delivered' by several clergymen aidg others, musical selectii1ls rendered by t-the- ci urelu.l:choir, and solos biy Mrs Nicholls, Mlisses Iichlards, Dixon and Langlands, and -Messrs. M Nicol and Finney; Mr. George ltyan having also kindly lent a 'jans for tho o oecasion' Tea ,rill be.on the tables at six o'clock2 Full particuiars are dgivn i the advertise ment. A I n?~Ra in aid of thle Clh'irof England Natimuk, will be opened in the Natimsi? Medcianies Instittite to-niior ciid con tinued during .theLweek. An energetic comj mit.ee hasli been workinig fdT'o mie 'monthl and" as the. resnlt a lance number of/useftl as wsell as ornaiuenrtl articles will be rdsrplaed.- andn ,as jthe advertloement mtyo, "sold regardless of value." In con; ection 'with:tltlt hffort-tlierel~w ill be a promena?e concert each evening, and as visitors fronI distance will have the advantage of moo s• MSht oArn jirseyf, W Swill no doubt be well patronised. i gt saEat the HorshamSub-Treasury' if payable to the following:--t. H. Bullock, S. FA. Connolly, A!Endall,.,S Hateley, SHor~shain Ga Company, H& FiW Sadho ,f Dr. Webher. j ; `{ 4 \- Tae ordinarymeeting of themeilb~ ore , Tent of Juvenile Rechabites w astield enthe } TemperanceHall'on Friday evening, agoot I muster oflds being present. After th? a ordinary business, the doors were opened to g the public, anl the following programme, s arranged at the previous meeting, was credit S:ably'given :--Song byB.ro. G. Spry. recita r lion~hyBo. A. .Miles. Impromptu ad lesse were given by Master T: Graham on-"-Rab bitsu' ; E. Rule, "*Catst' T Ed. Robinson, "Habits of Magpies"; R. M'Lean, "Sing inkg"; anid F. Ladner, 6ii" Trees."-Critic~ ism by the audience being: allowed, a good deal of amusement, together with instruction, was given, and fully appreciated by all pre sent. The- Wilberforce tent is steadily pro gressing; two members - were initiated :at' last meeting, and several are to be proposed at the next. Mi. Tiros. YouNG will hold an important clearing sale at Mr. J. Gillick's, Noradjuha, to-day, and at Mr. Jas. McClounan's, Green Lake, on hlursday. Full particu:ars of both sales are advertised in another column. A MfEETING of the "Swiss Village Fair" Committee, in connection with St. John's Church, was held on Friday evening at the Colonial Bank. There was a very good attendance, and several matters were ad vanced a stage. The living chess tournament Swas under discussion for some time, and a number of ladies and gentlemen nominated for the various pieces. A communication in reference to the anticipated visit of the Governor was read and deemed satisfactory. As the time is now fast approaching and comparatively little of the real work of preparation carried out it has been decided to hold weekly meetings of the committee, and in future every Wednesday evening will be thus occupied, commencing to-morrow, at M'r. Russell's residen-e, the National Bank. The first muster of the "chessmen" will take place next Thursday week, at the Temperance Hall. Mn. Justice' Williams gave' his reserved decision in ehambers on.Friday in the matter of Iogh Milne Smith v. Thomas Nikon: t An action had been brought by Smith to a recover from the defendant £265, as moneys a belonging to the plaintiff in the defendant's a hands. The defendanit not appearing to the t writ, judgment was signied against him, but n Mr. Justice Williams ordered the, judgment t to be set aside, and gave the defendant leave t to appear for the purpose of making the fi present application for relief by way of r interpleader. The plaintiff Smith hadl been a prosecuted criminally at the general sessions at Horsham, in. respect of certain moneys which had been stolen' from the'London it Chartered Bank at that place. .On. his C arrest,' the defendant, who -is a 'sergeant in the plain clothes polie,. took pos- p session of the sum of £390, as being o moneys belonging to the ban and as being e part of the proceeds of the robbery, but a whieh Smith claimed as his own property. p Upon the criminal trial, Smith was acquitted, d and thereupon his 'counsel applied to the p presiding judge for an order thht the: money si which Nixon had obtained possession of, and which .he held, 'should be handed over to e Smith. Restitution was.then:asked for £3I0, A less the sum of -£125, which had been it previoiusly handed ober to the prisonei.under an order. of-Mr.- Justice Higinbotham, and it a was for this bialance only-that- the present o action nas' brought. At` the trial the judge d was about to order the balance to be restored I to SmitliiwhrinEthC~'Ei rdwi osecutor opposed c that course, andNixon instructedanattocney A and counsel to join.ia :the :opposition:.on I behalf of .the bank. The judge then \ reluctantly directedIe. Patierson, the clerk t of the peace;at Horsham,-toihold the money. it The plamlitiff gaveJnotiee'tosPatterson not to it pay over the money to anyone but himself, i and Nixon was aware of this. The defen- A dant, howevei, subsequently obairied posses- fs sion of themnoney, dnd nrtently, in chambers, me showedtthatihe was actimg.iitththe ibank. is His Honor now'saidthat Nixon had identified I himuelf witi'the interests of.?the bank; had ci bee;is'asisting the hiarik as: far as he comld i against the iimtiff, and ~hd bIrodilit himself tl into the position hi; eic he now; occupied by i his own actss and his officious andu?h iecessary ' intermeddling. The active 'conduct'oxi the part `of 'the defendant: isas ievidenee of c collusion (not si any offensive sense) ivith the it bank,the bank and Nixon were vorkinigtoge- t ther to' defeat the plaintiffs claim. Nixon ti was iot neutral, anditheriefore:culd not ob-l- " tain.ith'e relief which he soughtil Tle ippli-: tV cation, says.i. the- Age, wi?s dsismissed it with costs. , The action against. Nixon will V therefore proceed, and Nixon vill ha~veleave t to appear and defend it., Mr.: Mitcielll, 9 instricted by Mr. J. A: Fniriner appeared for.thie,plaintiff; Mr. Hood, instructed by S the Crown solicitor, for the defendant; and d Mr. Hodges, instructed by Messrs Bennett, r Attenborough,- Wilks, and N nnm for the b bank. ' : ' ' Ma? IsSPECTOR CsIR3tIrcCIEL yisited the tl Vectis East State School last week, and held t an examrsnition .fo -results. The school S passed a good examination, the percentage being 8S'263 after,?deduetlions for averages. The inspector reports as follows:--" The classification is correct. The instruction is of a thoroughly sound clharact'er, adnd thle sel~ciol has passed an excellent examination, and good progress has been made. The .classes generally are well up in programme work. Thle exercIse books are very neat. Tie discipline is good and records correct.'" The Vectis East School contains every class from a infant to upper sixth. The upper sixth passed nearly SO per cent: sixth, 83; fifth, 80; fourth, 9SD; third, 90; and second, 07. Since Mr. Jenkin took charge the results v have been 85, 8S0 and 88526 and reports I satisfactory. - --.-- ---- STie Cosinty Court rnbtified to be held at Horshamn is postioned-to Tusesday, tihe 24th 1 November,'in consequencq of Judge Trench having to sit at Castlenmaine. TnE Salvation Army corps gave a farewvell tea- meeting last evening on the occasions of c parting witl Captiin-Drower and his wife, I who are leaving for Portland. - During tlse teaHis 'Worship tihe Mayor, on behalf of a nuiiber of the citizens, presented Captain Drower with a silver watch and chlain as a smalltoken of the esteem in wliichl they ]have been led to regard him and Mrs.-Drow-er in connection with the Salvations Army .o.C mrent. He wished them, on lbehlalf of himiself s and the other friends, much success in his futurc laours.o.- Mr. Brake cndcrsed the t remarks made by His Worship, and said the gift was a spontaneous expression of kind ( feeling to Captain Drower, and of approval i of the beneficial nature of the work in wlieh he was engaged. Mr. Wim. Wilson also ex- t pressed his conviction that the work of the Salvation Army was genuine and practical, 5 and wished Captain Derower and his wife God speeds Tue Captain, who was taken I ylidrpirise, brieflly tlanked his kind friends , the donors; amd said the watch woild ahvs' i remind hilm of thle kindness lie had tex perienced in'i dHrsham. He called on tte 1 corps for a "volley;"-vhich was given iith I acclamatioi.-. This concluded avery atify -Th?hJferuld Iisd ius~sfosinedd'thsSeynmohir Luke Robinsoni the'yousng iaslk clerdik Wiho i was recesnti senteneed to l12mnths' Itin-. prisonment for tlhe ederal" sBan rshshry, has come in for a sum of carly 000 by the Sdeathf Itiv imEn glnid. ltobsisos. -GaoL Heqo g oin hu contact it any of 4l?&ar; prtonqsanll. The y ii s hed on rigorously by ,the etC n "tors for the Border line. Adjoin r, . g thesl ?l f?Nlhill (says the Free Press,) grea ount.of work has been done in formaionan ? ctSing. A gang of men is tius at presen qrming the embankments, !etc., fort statin house and goods shed, StIthe rttbulding trill, we are informed, be of a very commasdions nature. Work at the Do iapur cutting is also being pushed on Tigoronslv --as are also cuttings further on towards th? border. AcCoree',cs to the.BanllcqitfSfarer, Mlr. H. Anderson, the sheriff of this baiiwick, wlio is noiii? on liiisa`iyfros-TAmericarhere he went to recruit his hIedth, will resume duty at the end of the present month. A 3)EETera of subscribers to the Kaniva and Lillimur Agricultural asnd" Pastoral Society was held on Saturday afternoon, at the Lillinlur N'orth Mechanics' Institute, Mr. b T. F. Moore, J:P.; President of the Lowan I 'hirc Council,"in the chair. After a lot of temnpoizing and beating about the bush, says, the Tuinara dlail,.the business for which the meeting had been called, viz.: to fix a site for holding future shows--was commenced.. After some considerable discussion, it irna decided to hold future shows at Kaniva instead of alternately. Considering that the money. is raised equally between the two places, it is a pity that the old arrangement of holding alternately at each cidlce was not adhered to, as the supporters of Lilliniur contend that a bad feeling will result. Or, failing this, the half-way siggestio"u, viz: a site on the twenty-chain road would have been a fair compromise. 'A Lillimur speaker pointed. out that the Cove, Lillimur, and Northern residents were not represented, and thought they would not be likely to go to Kaniva. On the other hand the Kaniva supporters uiged that the Society would be strengthened by assistance from the direction of Lawloit. If the change be for the society's benefit, well and good; but a continuation of the old inconvenient arrangement would be far preferable to a division of interests or split. The rest must- be left for time to decide, and in the nleanwhile we trust tihe society will go on and prosper. Accoi:nii: to the Spfectdor, it is reported that another ease of sheep stealing has occurred between HIamilton and Harrow, we are not in a position to name the station, and is believed to be one of many similar thefts, close upon 2,000 sheep having been missedl from a paddock- during the yeii. On the matter being reported to the proprietors, they declined to initiate a prosecution, pre ferring to abide by the loss of their sheep rather than risk the uncertainty of the law and throw good money after had. ..Br our (Coleraine Albion); report, of the i intoio Shlire Council it iillb h seen that an importsant noticeof imotion has been given by Cr. Moodie, by wilicll it is lroposed that the coincil should erect forty miles of rabbit proof wire-netting on the northern portion of the shire, as a barrier against the inroads of the myriads of rabbits which are steadily advancing from the Kowree Shire. It is proposed to strike a special sixpenny rate to defray the cost of the work, tie same to be payable by ratepayers throughout the whole shire. Til first meeting of theRoyal commission, consisting of Me!mbecrs of the' Council of Agricultural Education, appointed to make inquiries as to the products, other than wheat, to the growth of-ihicel tlie elhfliate and soil of,tle counitry are adapted, was held on Friday iix the hoard room in thd Linds department.: . There swere present:-Mr. Levien,; Minister of Agriculture, (in the chair); Mr. J. Buchanan, M.L.C.; M.. r. W. Madden, Mr IeDb,; Mr: : Yes, l and" Mr. Derhlain, M's.L.A.; lsrr J. ntishtt Mr. D. rMartin, and Dr. Plummer. On the sugges: intieiate' lay letterito a ?umber ofsppoemialists, including BaronmvonalMueller, Mr. Bosisto, M.L.A.,. Mr. Blaci?tt, Dr. Schomburgk (of Adelaide), ir. Moore' (of Sydiscy): bnd 'Erd feasor Custance (of Adelaide),that the Coni mission fould be glad to take their evidence in'the first iinstance in'the form, of papers. The elhairinan smid that lie objected to the colnunssloi llear! g eassay, but en fr. Mtadden assuring him that the lan of .takiig the evidence in that form had answered well in the'anse of'the'Titles Commission, lie stlhdrei is opposition.` It wasalso decided, s8ay a the Arro to inisite agrnitgaultur larti cultural, and kindred societies to nomninate :witneses?. This'irivitationl also extended to tlhe Opefitisoe Tobacconists' Society, who, had written to the chaiinan'urgfng, thIce conimission to devote 'special attcntion to the groith uld, curing .of tobacco:leaf, an inlnst?y which" it was said had fallen off very much in the'colony. The conunissions then adjounied till next Tuesday' at two o'clock.. A TELtR.n ?? has been received by Mr. Service fromi the Premierr of Tasmania, who statdd that lihe intended to' move the 'cedoid reading of the Federal Adopting Bill to-dayr. A nu-i ousn is current in C ellinton (N.Z.) tlhat the Govcrnieisit are liegotiatiig thli rough the agent-general with Prince lismsarek for theo acquisition of the German rights in Samoa, and have ,offered a qnarter of a million in statisfactioi of the Germnnan claims. Is a young country the practice of makiue g use of foreign phrases is often attended with danger. . This (says Atticus) was fully mnade apparent a few days ago to a young Celtic mnember of the bar wlho is in the habit of relaxing his cerebral musclesa in a leading cafu in Ilourke-stret. On sitting down to dinner, after carefully scanning the bill o fare tendereld himn by the attendant sylphl also from the Green Is le--hle remarked withl more than a Ilungry man's gallantry, "I'll give you carte blanche." Although the order somsded strange the damsel at once replied with great presence of mind, '' Will you take it with onions, sorrY" A PEimSOe from Mlitiamo, Ierang district ihas informed the M. A. Mail that the crops are exceptionally good, being the finest shlce the. land was, cultivated. And ablout the Terricks, tihe grass must be abundant, as beef from there, purchllased by Mr. Charles Slee, of Strangways, is the best sold there for n long period. There are at present in the yalley of the Loddon, and oni the plains, some fine cattle, the grass being very luxuriant. TIE follorving in reference to the grub and caterpillar pest appears in the Ariarat Ad rerliser:-Thellc graubs have made dreadful havoc amongst tile wattles here thIs season, several hundreds of pounds worth of trees being either killed ontright or so checked in their growth that it wi;ll take thlem two or three years to recover ; several fields I (Elhnhurst correspondent) bare seen, look as if an enormous bushfire had swept over them singeing all the leares quite brown. I thlink those interested in this article of commerce ought to look about for a rceedry, as this pest comes regularly, every two or three.years conuipletely destco3-in tlhousands of these valuable traes.::~Vhilue out walking a fewr days ago I watched the ,movemenlts of the 'grulis oi eterpcillnrs and I fouid ;tlnt 'after sucking allt thLt they could get out of one tree, they hand to descend the trunk and climb up tle iext and so on, a their only means of getting-thereat, except ween the foliage of obine tree •touchl, the other, in hilich- ease, of course, -they i'enk from tree ,tsser ,N'ou, think a' vry cheip, simple end effective :remedy might be fouad" in gas turbvy saturatini pieces of old rags or,rope v ssitfi hith'it arid stoiti-g them roundh thu wrell- rown iattilel tiswuldt be buellwieoth tlhiutrial. bal6ps' trodli Sdo-thea worki an uas uearly all insects ha ilioirea rorir 6f-the tar, ?l srfithd s'inw?e s i itll stiilevetvent cheek Ie to oygs tee etiept taris i- ... SA OExrLEMAN wi o has just retuined from a tour in the west of Queensland, ?1e Coo?e' states, gives a most lamentable account of the state of the country.. Those stations that are fortunte eononghl to lhave a late lambing may be able to.save their lambs, but where the lambing had! commenced, the lambs were being knockedi on the head to save the lives of then ewes' On one large station in the Maranoa distr·t,-t, about 50 men were engaged cutting down trees to feed the stock, whilst on another shearing opera tions were being carried on on tarpaulins in the paddocks, the sheep being too weak to travel to the woolshed. In many instances, he says, the preseni al fiinfallwill decide as to whether the lambing will be nil or SO per cent. The anxiety of the flockowners will readily e iunderstood." In the present state of the country, arly 'shearing may preserve the lives of manny of the sheep, but, on the other hand, a heavy rainfall after shearing would cause a frightful mortality. SIr does not fall to the;lot of every .man (remarks the OCen andl Murray Adrerliser) to come suddenly into a fortune of £9000 ; nor has'every unmarried girl.the experience of being engaged and freed from her engage ment within a week. Both these events happened, however, in Corowa last week. The recipient of the windfall, it seems, was struck by the charms of the damsel not as, like Werncr's" Clarlotte, she was cutting bread and butter, but as she was engaged in the prosaicbut useful occupation of scrubbing tile floor. On receipt of the proposal, the maiden straightway rose, put away her pail and broom, and announced her intention of "striking" work. Preparations for the marriage went on like wildfire. The wedding trousseasi was ordered and paid for, and the cake-a miracle of the confectioner's art- turned out from Burrowes' bakehouse, when, woRul announcement, a lover's quarrel nipped the flower of love in the bud. The cake canie down dressed in crape, and was 1 publicly-eaten by the bridegroom and a few of his friends, to the accompaniment of champagne, while the bride elect departed to fulfil the time of her mourning out of the 1 ken of hser disinterested acquaintaince in the I town. . A m.K.uexmutLE letteir (states the S James' Bndret) has just been written by Miss Augusta, Jane Goold to the wives andst daughters of the tenants on her late father's t extensive estates in the south of Ireland. Miss Goold has always been" noted for generous dealing witlh the tenants, and a i few weeks since she held a knitting festival, f attended by women who are employed by e her.all.theyear round at knitting work, the remuneration for which considerably in creases thie 'earnings of the cottiers.' The v cottiers, however, met and passed a resolu- t tiois, expressing'doubt as' to the nationality f of the festival. This was regarded as a gross insult y Miss G oold, who consequently S withdrewi t.he knitting industry. The e women concerned then presented a respect- a fill address to her, lanmenting the cruse Bf d her displeasure. Miss. Goold, in reply, e statcs that.she does not blame the women, hut refersin severe, termsnto thes action of their 'male relatives; men, she says, whom t she has saved from the workhouse by paying a their arrears of rent and costs, and who are indebted to her for house and home. d Fellows wlhose wives and mothers she was employing at mnuch expense to herself were t, noiv,ilike noisy. ,curs,, beginming to bark at b their benefactress. It was mei of this class who were injuring the cause of Ireland- the Pats, Micks, and Tins, who talked, diank, smoked, swore, and -" resolved " to their f hearts' contenit. She declares that jit must s be understood tliat' she shall not continue to c make sacrifices for; those iho repay benefits a with ingratituhde -and presunmition. A P wilder-exhibition oflifolly by; idiots could , not, she says, be seenand she advises the p wromnsii iilt to bllii"e'those who may try to n persuade them that some fool's paradise is coming in which the whole population ill live'at ise, anrd in which steady sork will t be superfluous. . "--" M[E3SRS. Young IBros. will hold an annual l learing sale of slledp, cattle, &c.;, at Mt. Elgis. on Thursday. ' a NoIATrsrosXs for. tie priscipal ei ents in connection with the Minyip Athletic Club sports close to-morrow. \- -Mn. A.J. CARTER announces tliat he has t just received a cons~ggiment of new spring o goods. . . . I T?,E It?evr R. Bettiss will lecture in the I Bible Christianse Church,e Noradjuha; this s evening, at Wail North to-sorrow, and at fe Pinpiusio on' Thursday. : i -A -sEETiN? c off rtepayers will be held in a !tlh Soith':'Vdnwondahl State school at fouir o'clock to-morrow. afternoon to consider the advisability of 'severance from the West a nd annexatioiif to the, South Riding of the i Wimnesii Shire: i' 