UPPER MURRAY. (from our own correspondent.) Jan. 12. Two deaths have occurred here during the past week; Mr William Jams, of Cndgewa, having lost a young child, and Dr Barnett, of Tintaldra, aged ol years, died from hemorrhage, after a week or two's suffering. He was the only doctor whom we had to look to in cases of sickness for some time, nntil the arrival of Dr Gillespie, who has settled amocgat as. The hot weather has fairly set in now, and owners of land and property have to be very watchful, in case of bush-fires, a3 the grass i3 extra long this year. There have been one or two narrow es capes already. Last week a blaze broke out in Mr Jas. Wheeler's garden, which was, luckily, quickly extinguished, and another on the Towong- road, caused by a spark from a brickmaker's fire, which, after a little, work, wa3 got nnder. The separation snb-committee a|- pointed. at the last general meeting held at Corryong— viz., Messrs H. Haras, W. Wheeler and R. Kiel to represent Corryong, -Messrs Whitehead, J. Bngga and Jos. .Dobinson for ..Cndgewa, and Messrs Jos, Hanna, Wilson and Williams for Walwa — met at Tint ildra on Satur day, the 10th ipst., for the pnrpoae of defining the boundaries and ridings of the proposed new shire ;. Mr Jos. Dobin son in the chair. It was proposed by Mr Jos. Hanna, and seconded by Mr Wilson, that the boundary of the Walws Riding commence at the Jerimal Cross ing, taking jff ajl th# "Murray-road to the boundary of the proposed shire at Thorogoiong. On being put .to the meet ing, the motion was . lost. Mr Harris proposed, and Mr Yf. Wheeler se conded, that the boundary of the ridings be as follows':— -CorryoDg. Biding to ba from the watershed of tbe Corryong "Creek, Cudgewa Riding fo' be from the water-shed "of the'Gndgewa Creek, and the Walwa Riding to take in ail west of the Cndgewa .Riding. An amendment wM proposed joy Mr J. Whitehead, and se conded by .Mr Jas. Briggs, that the Corryong Riding start at the Jerimal, the Jerimal Crossing to be the divide as far as the Colac Colac. Bridge, thence from Colac" Colac Bridge to the watershed of Wheeler's Creek, and to continue :0 its sorirce. A lengthy discussion ensued, and after .some slight alterations had been made, the' amendment was carried. The committee procured a map from Melbourne, and Mr Parry also drew a map showing the outline of the ridings of the proposed shire, which was very simi lar to. what was deoided upon. Tbs meeting was adjourned nntil Saturday next, when the result is. to "fee submitted .to the general committee at Corryopg. 