RETROSPECTIVE. The history of South Australia for the past twelve months has been filled with depression and commercial disaster, and, although none of the principal business men in the South have had to succumb, this district has also felt the stagnating influence of bad tunes. Much of the depression has doubtless been caused by the continued reduction in the price of copper and the ruinous figure which buyers have had to accept for wheat and other grain. The exceptionally bad season of 1883 rendered it- imperative that farmers should realize on last year's crops, and the consequence has been that the market, which was unprofitably low to begin with, was forced down to starvation rates. But, apart from these two important factors so far as South Australia was concerned, the total sum of money-scarcity has been made up of many items. All alike have suffered, and, although perhaps oar agricultural brethren in the North have been most severely exer cised in their efforts to keep the wolf from the door, all interests in the colony have had a hard fight to come through the year with i a credit balance, while many have been only just able to hold their own. Bad news and ill-fortune are ever their own heralds, and it does not require any effort on our part to make their effects., known to those indivi duals and those communities which have suffered from their effects. It is, however, often well to point out the bright spots which illuminate the gloom-clouds, and for tunately these have been often present in the Southern firmament during the last year. The large amounts of money which, during the last Parliament, were voted towards the construction of public works in the South are still in process of expenditure, and contractors and their workmen are yet present with us in large numbers. During the earlier part of the year the last finishing touches were put oh the Railways from Aldgate to Nairne and from the Junction to Mount Barker; in the third quarter the line from Mount Barker to Strathalbyn (which had been in course of construction since 1882) was opened for traffic; while later on the tramways from Strathalbyn to Milang and Goolwa were also rendered available for steam traction. The comple tion of these important improvements in the methods of travelling will make the dead year memorable for good in the minds of the whole South, even if there were no other reasons for congratulation. In that portion of the district, too, which lies between Naime and the Murray Bridge heavy rail way works have been vigorously carried on, and every favorable working day has been made the most of by the contractors. The passage of the Bill for the construction of the line had a wonderful influence on the spirits of the residents both of the old cen tres at Callington and Kanmantoo and of the newly-opened hundreds in their vicinity. The sight of large gangs of navvies, and better still of the rapid work which they have carried out, has had a still happier effect ; and, as the day of completion ap proaches more nearly, the thoughts of the local people take a commensurately hopeful cast. But, apart from these large and widely- seen motives for rejoicing by the South as a whole, each of its many towns has had some special reason for gladness. Mount Barker itself, has now had more than a year's experience of the benefits of railway communication with the metropolis. For nine mouths it was in the position of a terminal town, while latterly the train' has swept past on its joUrney to the South, Under both aspects good and not evil has resulted to the town, and, so far at least, it has not lapsed into that moribund condition which is conventionally supposed to be the inevitable fate of those country towns which have not the distinction of lying at the end of a railway. Most of those who were engaged in connection with the building of thedine have gone, but they have left no empty houses behind-them '; the novelty of the train has worn off, and Mount Barker has ceased to he the terminus, but visitors from Adelaide and elsewhere come fre- quently and In large numbers. The District Council have been hard at work for the good of the ratepayers during the year, and as a result of their labours, the town has now a plentiful and permanent water supply ; a handsome bridge and a well-' made street form the approach to the Railway Station ; the out-lying roads are all in excellent order ; and Gawler Street has been transferred to the control of the Central Road Board. Next year, doubtless, the long-promised work of tree- planting will be inaugurated. The town has been further rendered attractive by the com pletion of the Dunn Memorial Church ; the addition of a splendid shop to the architecture to the main street ; and by the erection of many private buildings. T'he Institute Com- mittee, too, have caught the spirit of progression, and the expenditure of £150 m illuminating their building with gas, £100 in adding to their library, and nearly £100 in an art exhibition, prove at once their vitality and their enterprise. A bitter in the cup has been the tempor- ary shortening of hours at the local foundry, but to-day full work has been resumed with good prospects of continu- ance. In the immediate vicinity of Mount Barker, and notably at Blakiston, private residences of a superior class have been built during the year, and the eligible population has been increased by their occupation. The establishment of two large and scientifically conducted apiaries near the town also deserves special notice. At Woodside much developmental work in connection with the old-established gold mines has been carried out during the year, and, despite the presence of many obstacles, the Bird-in-Hand shaft is now down 330ft. This is all the more encouraging because by it the whole surrounding country has been drained, and until the neighboring mines exceed this depth, the water difficulty need not enter largely into their calculations. New and very rich discoveries of gold have been made in this district, and from the Brind, the Mint, the New Era, and other points, encouraging reports are obtained.. Prospecting is still being eagerly carried on nor is the diligent work of proving what is found omitted. A veiy decided improve- ment in the prospects of this field is apparent as compared with last year. It is worthy of mention that during the year a gentleman, who has been largely instrument- tal in pushing forward the industry of gold mining here, has been returned to represent the Onkaparinga district in Parliament, while a second gentleman, who has also proved his great interest in the welfare of Woodside, has been sent to the Assembly by another constituency. The principal incursions into the realms of bricks and mortar at Woodside are the recently completed additions to the Institute, and the beginning of St. Marks' Church. At Nairne the year has been provocative of many new things. The old state of muddle into which the affairs of the District Council had fallen has been determined and a fresh start has been made on better principles ; the Council itself has tempo- rarily ceased to exist in order that an entirely new body of men might be elected ; an Institute has been founded ; the Primitive Methodist Church has been rebuilt ; a clergyman and a doctor, both resident in the town, have been added to the popula- tion ; large additions hare been built to the local public houses ; and a Temperance hotel has been erected and opened. From Echunga rich finds of gold and other minerals have been reported from time to time, and many persons still find profitable employment in the search after precious metals. The establishment of an influen- tial and energetic Wattle Plantation Company, and the general attention paid to this species of cultivation of late by other persons, is destined to have a very important influence on the future progress of the neighborhood. Macclesfield is per- haps in many respects the most unfortu- nate of the southern towns. The opening of the railway has diverted the heavy traffic which once passed through it and there has not been any compensating advantage to console the inhabitants. The opening of an easily accessible road to the Bugle Ranges station is now anxiously, looked for, and until that day arrives Macclesfield must be content to suffer under the influence of past neglect and disappoint- ment. That Hahndorf, which has also been robbed of mnch of its traffic by the opening of the railway, still preserves its vitality as is proved by the recent establish ment of an Anglican Church in that town. Its college too still keeps its reputation, and none of its business men have had to complain of a large falling off of trade. Gumeracha, Blumberg, and Mount Pleasant are still condemned to the old traffic of coach communication, notwithstanding the efforts which have been made to include the two last-named at least in the list of railway stations. Gumeracha has been the scene of much life and gaiety during the year, both at election time and since, and on one occasion it was honored with quite a galaxy of distinguished visitors ; Blumberg has been wonderfully free from bush-fires this year, and as a consequence both farmers and graziers are better oif ; Mount Pleasant has been able to hold two successful Agricultural Shows, a well stocked Art Exhibition, and many concerts besides attending to the substantial improvement of the adjacent land, and to the strengthening of its position as a business centre. Mannum has been pro- claimed a Manufacturing District and has availed itself of the facility thus offered for establishing new industries. It has grown, too, in size and importance because of energy of its. inhabitants, the fertility of the surrounding land, and its position as a convenient river port. As cultivation increases, in the hundreds close by, Manuum will naturally extend with it, and great and permanent success should ultimately be its heritage. Lower down the river Bridge- port has sprung into vigorous being. Residents and others interested in it have done all that lay in their power to make the most of its present advantages and to prepare for " the good time coming " when it will be the Murray port nearest by rail to Port Adelaide and the city, Callington has. gained some of its pristine briskness; during the year, and it is now the seat of a large floating population. The crops in its locality are clean and heavy ; it is gradually becoming recognised as the market of a large portion of the Murray flats ; and, even although the mines do not start again immediately, it is not likely that it will ever sink back into the stagnation which marked it in the pre-railway days. Monarto still advances rapidly in prosperity and importance. The fertility of the land and the experience of its cultivators are proved by the present aspect of the standing crops, and the returns of those that have been reaped ; while both it and the adjacent hundreds are very rich in grazing paddocks. The local District Council is doing good work, and in this fespect it is rivalled by its neighbour at Mobilong which sprang into existence this year, Strathalbyn, besides rejoicing in the opening of railway communication, has received the benefit of an efficient water supply ; Goolwa and Port Victor have been revived by the release of many drought-locked steamers and the consequent arrival and transhipment of many hundred bales of Wool; Milang, too, seems bent on proving that she can make her railway profitable to the state; and generally the districts between the river and the sea are in a more than flourishing condition. Much of this is due to the galvanic influence exercised by the opening of steam communication with Adelaide and with each other ; but more is caused by the natural advantage which belongs to them geographically. In the Hills districts about Mount Lofty, Stirling, and Aldgate the rapid, yet steady, progress- sion which marked previous years has continued, and their reputation as eligible and convenient summer resorts are con- stantly increasing. Cultivation, too is being pushed forward vigorously and market gardeners, orchardists, and florists, are increasing their holdings continually. The permanent population is much larger than it was a year ago, while the influx of holiday visitors has also been greater this season than it ever was before. Villa residences of a very superior class are rising on every side and business men are also increasing their establishments with profit to themselves and benefit to their customers. At Lobetbal the Woollen Fac- tory and the Hop Plantations have both done well during the year, and the former especially has won a well-earned reputation throughout the colony. Among the exter- nal signs of prosperity and success which have characterized the South during the year may be mentioned the various Agri- cultural shows which have been held, from that under the auspices of the most ancient society at Mount Barker to the newest growth at Stirling East. The most largely patronised and the most thoroughly suc- cessful meeting of the Onkaparitiga Pacing Club was held at Oakbank this year, and it has been followed by many other profitable fixtures in other parts of the District. There have been also well-managed, enjoy- able, and largely-attended picnics, sports, and entertainments, in nearly every town at one season or another. It will be seen from this hurried and brief record of events that, despite the dark shadow of depression which has hung over the Colony, we have not been devoid of constant themes for thankfulness,—now it appears as if the period of depression were overpast, and it is therefore with confidence in the fulfilment of the prayer that we wish to the South, to the Colony at large, and to the wider world A HAPPY NEW YEAR. 