? THE WEATHER. -» The weather )cstordtiy was again extremely sultry, but the vv mil change- tit about mid- day, and towanlH evening a steady rain set in, mid continued until ncarl) midnight. It will be seen from our telegrams that tile rain has been veiy general thioughout the countr). Jn man) localities it cuni" just in lune to cMinguiKh the hush lires, which had been raging with destructive ellect for several dil}s past Before the change oc- curred the heat had been gieater than bus boen cvperii'iici d tins suninu'i, and in some places was higher than it has been for several ) cars. BUSH VIU1_J IN THE COUNTRY. GENK11AI, RAIN. (Bl TLLUJUAI'II 1'ltOM OullCollItlSI'ONDtNTS.) AVOCA, Emuw. Ycsterdu) and Wednesday were the hottest dais experienced in this district tor sumo time. Tho vvutei lióles and dams in the vicinity ure drung ti]i, and ii rain docs not fall shortly the farinera will have great tiouble in obtaining watir for stock To day bus been very dull, with n storm threatening, but as )et but little rain bus fallen Splendid ram set in at (3 o'clock this even- ing, continuing hcuvil) without intermission. Tile river is already running rapidl). Tho change will do an immense amount of good to the district, ALI \ANDIU ritiD.T A decided cl__n_,e in the extremely hot weather took place lo day At noon a heavy Btorm enveloped the town in duBt for a con siderablo time A slight shower fell this alternoon, and the mr is much cooler Bl 1 CHU OKI H liUDAV Yesterday w as tht hottest d i) this summer, the thermoraettr registering lOldcc, lo da) there wus a thun lerst inn accompanied b) violent |,usts ot wind which have done great damage to the fruit trops btt idv ram has set in this cvcnine, and it 19 now cold B YLI V\ 1 niDiv The weather yesterda) and to day has been extremely sultiv, the thtrmomettr jesterdii) showing 100 leg m the Blinde und 147dcg m the aun. lo day bush fires aro rating in every direction and muk inc. the atmosphere mort ojiprtssive than it was)csterduj A fire which seems ti have risen this sido of the Dm ling Htin_,e m the forest, has been bunion, for t\v o or three da) s and lins now extended in tho direction of the township into tho parishes ol Moorabool I nat and Wtst, and l8 tomine, unpleasnutly close to Ballan As the wind lina (.one down this evening it is hope 1 that the fire ma) he confined to the timber countrj and pre vented from catching the lillee grass pud docks close to the forest. I ATI it A most welcome chango ocrurred 111 the weather this afternoon A cool breeza from tho south west carne up and henvj showers fell, which will freshen tho atmospbero and extinguish the bush lires BENALLA, J'niDAT. A bush fire broke out about three miles from tlie town )c.terdti), und was not sub- dued until 000 acres ol grass and a quantity of fencing bud been dcstro)ed. The lire is supposed to have originated in the railway reserve, where it is alleged the gangers weie binning oil the glass This morning the bru broke out again, presumably through sparks being blown troin burning trees ot )esterdu)_ lire. A very high wind was blowing, mid the fire spread with great rapidit), balling all attempts to arrest its progress. \\\ hen last beard of it was raging about seven miles from Benalla over a tiuct of country foui miles in extent. 'I he townspeople turned out in largo mimbi rs their exertions being instrumental in saving two or three farm bouses and a number ol stock. 'Hie total amount of the damage is not known, but it cannot bo less than 11,000 m glass, fencing, live stock, and m some cases implements and machinery, not to speak ol the hardship resulting to gra/iera through wunt of f< ed for then stock. Com- pilings are numerous against the Railwii) de- ll irtmeut for burning oil at this time of Hie )ear Some of the losers by the (ire ure already talking ot actions for damages CLUNJ.S, EUIUAI. A welcome change in the weather set in this afternoon A cool wind i rom the southward brought up refreshing rain, promising a con- tinued full. COROWA (N.S.W.), FUIDAY. A terrible wind storm passed over the town today, enrrjing aw a) tho roofs of several houses, It was succeeded by a shower, and to-night the weather looks promising. CRESWICK, EitiDAY. Heavy rain set in steadily this evening. It is ver) much against the farmers, as many of them have their stacks partially erected, while others are engaged in threshing. DIMBOOLA, FIIIDAV. A change in the weather took place this afternoon, when heavy ram commenced to bill, continuing until 5 o'clock. It IIUB ugain cleared oil, but there is still a prospect of a further downpour, winch ia much needed to replenish the tannera' tanks and water holes. ÜONALD, I'-IIDAY. After two da)S of intense heat a dust storm occurred to day, succeeded by rum. GOKDON, ritiDAT. A Bplendid change in the weather this evening. The rain lull in torrents, with ever) appearance ot continuing all night. The rain will extinguish the bush lires. HAMILTON, FRIDAY. After two days of excesaiv e heat the weather changed to-day, and is now cool. Light ram has fallen. INGLEWOOD, FRIDAY. Yesterday was one of the hottest da) s of the ueason. This afternoon a cull wns made upon the townspeople to nssist in checking the progress ol a fire which was ruling in the scruty to the eastwards, and winch before evening hud reached to within a short distance ot the railway station, and threatened to overrun a number ot small holdings in close proximity to the bwnn lull rond. The fire it) the largest and most threatening that lins octurred for j eura pust, und wns only prcv tilted from doing much dnmago by the cxtitions of some 200 oi 300 people working in a line extending overa mile, und wlioumplojcd themselves in burning oil along the muigiusut the dillcront ronds, mid thticbj confining the lire almost entirely to the scrub itscll In une plnee the lire crossed the luilwnj line, and le ipmg across the Siindhuist roid, enteied the public purk nuil adjoining p tddotks Soma huiidicds ol utits ol giass were dtstiojtd. KYN'l.TON, FiiiD.Y. The bush fires in the neighbourhood ure all out. A gentle lam is now tailing. LANCliFirLD, FniDAV. During the early part of to-dny ii stiong north wind waa blowing, but m thetiitenioon it veered lound to the south, and light showers ot nun fell A tontmuuuic during the night ia probable. Numerous bush hi es hav e been laging uti round the neighbourhood, and the present change i_ looked upon us most opportune. MOUNT j.CEUTON, Ti IDA.. The bush lues, which have been some distance olf, have destroyed much grass, fencing, and other propcrt). Yesteidoy they liiul on tlnee Hides approatlied to within three miles ot I gerton 'J heir lurlber pro- gress has been, however, stopped bv the bcavj ram to (lav, winch extinguished the lires Bain is still falling MURCHISON, l'WDAT. A change occmrcd in the weather lo day One 01 two ihghl show eis fell, and it is now much cooler Rain is threatening SI' ARNAUD, J'iuirn. A ver) welcome chango occurred tins utter noon, when lieav) showers iel!. It is now cool. SMJIJ, Fmuu. I'oi tlie past few weeks the whole of the district has been enveloped in smoke, mid the country is ever) where pardud List night, in tile township ut Sale, the bush lires lould be smelt, mid to du) the clouds ol smoke became so thick that at 2 o'clock uearl) all thu business placet were closed and the gas lit, the place iiii'sentiug the appearance ol moonlight Until 1 o'clock the smoke grew thickei, and the inhabit nits begun to show no little concern, gathering in knots here and theie. 'I hose who remeinbei Black Thura duy suy that to da) was as bud it not worse. I rom the Dargo district reports of bush lires bave reached heie, und ni the vieillit) of Cl)debunk a hie was raging toda). The countiy boomi Stratford is also reported to be burning. Fires ure burning ut 'lanjil, and also m tlie vieillit) of Mr Win I'enrson's resi- dence, Kilman) park. During the day occa- sional gusts of wind would curry the ashes of burning timbei into 'Sale, and a little way out ol town tlie roads ure said to be covered w lth ashes There wies not u breath of wind stirring until ubout 3 o'clock, when the baio meler fell to stormy, and short!} afterwards u slight breeze sprang np from tlie west. This, however, lina now (7 o'clock) subsided, mid tho smoko is clearing oil. 'lhere is u little thunder and lightning, but no signs of ram, BLACKWOOD, FRIDAY. We have been surrounded by bush fires tho whole* week, evirj day bunging thom neurei, Yt'ste'rdnj and to dm the heat and smoke have been almost unbearable. Blue Mount wns one muss ol lire last night ; trees lulling in all directions Wheelers sawmill men wue all out jesterday fighting the lire Urdo und M'Millun's were out nil,night trv ing to save their mill ut Mount M ilsoii. One of the men who vins in 1! iriv's Beef hist night Billet hi« was nlraid Hie) would not he üble to save the tinmroad air .1. Skinner lind ii house binned down at ihn Albion 'Hie «luicers to dny lime bein having houses situated near Split '1 ree. Them is at present no sign ol a change. S1IKBBAHT0N, FRIDAY. To dil) has certainly bi tn the most sultiy mid oppiesaive exponen.ed this Bummer. A scorching hot wind blew during moat ot the duj, uuaing clouds ut dust, winch completely envtlupcd the pluce. 'Hie tenipcintine wns consideiablv heightened by several bush (Ires in rather close ptoximity to the town As jet no (luninge ol nny consequinco lins been reported. The thermometer ut about 2 o'clock registered lOudeg. m tho Bhude. This afternoon a fewdiops of nun fell. WALU ILLA, riiniAT Bush fires have been raging all day in the neighbourhood of the township, which have done considerable damage to tlie trumwa)S 'lhey have been the most destructivo cxpe ricneed in the district Murne mid Co 's sawmills, which were destro)ed )estcnlu), were insured m the Norwich Union Company fori'300 A little ram is tailing, with every uppearancc of a continuance YACKANDANDAH, 1 li ii) AT. The heat for some dii)S past lum been most oppressive Yesterday and today the ther- mometer reached .Oliderç in Hie shade Ycster dii), thunder, accompanied by very vivid light nmg, passed over the district At nbout .'1 o'clock this morning, mid to day at about 1 o'clock, heav) thunder passed closo b) All round the district large bush lires aro burn ing, extending from Wooragee to Hills borough, a distance ot over ten miles Rain has just commenced fulling It is much wanted, ns the grass is completely ucorehed, and water for domestic use is getting scarce in some piits of the district HORSHAM, 1'itiD.T. A bush fire is raging at Mount 'lalbot station About three miles and a quurter of boundary ieneing has been burnt A Hock of sheep bud a nnriow escape It is sup posed that the lire was causee! b) Bouie men, who wero bee hunting, lighting a fire Tile owner of the run bus olicred ¿fiO reward for lnloriniition as to the originators ol the lire 'Hie weather was ver) close today until nbout 1 o clock, when steady rain commenced to lull It is now cool, and the ruin is likely to continue. BALLARAT, l'lllUAY. A chango has taken place from the op pressivo weather ol the hist few davs, and this evening several heavy showers fell. '1 ho wind has now veered to the south, mid there is every appearance ot ruin continuing, and subduing the bubb lires in tlie neighbour hood DA. LLSrORD, 1 RIDAY 1 he hush Uro which lins been nixing in the feinst uound DujItsford has done consider able dumii"c , but it lins fortunately been confined to the grass, Ienet8, .c the farmers crops having lur as IB jet known, escaped with the exttption of Mossop, who was, as alrtadj itpoittd, Completel) burnt out on \\\ i dutsdtiv At one Unit the farms of Messrs Muleuh., Doughiiint), Liiingunt, and Hue kett, near L)onville, were in lmmuitnt ilangtr, but, fortunatel), tin re were a lan-o number ot willing workeis at hand, mid the tropa were saved with great difhcult) Hie lire then nu across the railway reserve and dtstrojed a large quantity of the fencing on both Bides of Hit line M Millan und Ordos new sawmill on tho ( oliban was in great danger, n portion of thetrumway having caught Inc. but the cmjiloyis after fighting aeuuist the llames till mçjit ultimately succeeded in bontinc, them luck and saving the proper!) though their tusk was at one time considertd hopeless. It is reported that a largo portion ot the trmuwii) at Ljonss Blue Mountain mill is dentro) i d, and tilt stublts lind a very narrow estnpo from totul destruction 1 urtunutel) no further dnngi r need bt apprehended tis theutilth-., winch was dreadfully close and opprtssivo, thanked this ulttrnoon, when it _.c,nn to nun It is now ruining heal li), with ever) prospect of continuing for somo time, but snfiicicnt has already füllen to extinguish all the lires in the neighbour hood. GEELONG, TiiiDAY. The weather was ver) sultry to da), und the sky cloudy. About ö o'clotk a chango took place, when heavy ruin set in, which has continued without intermission all the evening. Tho rain seems to be general, und will be of gicat benelit to the countr). CW1 LUM AINU, UitinAT. 'I he weather for the past lew da) s has been almost unbearable. On Wednesday and Thuisday the thermometer registered lttkhg andlOldcg m the shade, and lGOdeg in the sun. In tile evenings the town wus covered with deiiBe smoke from thu various bush lires to the south To dav the sky has buen cloud), andu few drops ot ram fell A heavy dow npour is liourl) expected. A Inrgo bush- fire broke out )csterdii) at Taradi!), and did considerable dnmtige to property adjoining the Breadalbane estate and Mr .1 M'lttenclii« farm 'Hie water race, however, prevented the lire from spieading far. L\rLie Several heavy showers fell tins evening. SANDHURST, 1'IIIDAY. An agreeable change took placo ata late hour tonight, when the wind changed to the south, cooling the utmosphcio to mi ap- preciable degree, 'lo day has been season able, the thermometer registenng 8rideg in the shade-2ldeg. lower than )csterday. A few light showers fell this afternoon, but not sulheiuiit to lay the dust. Atmospheric disturbances occurred at about 8 o'clock, when very heavy ram fed, winch continued until nearly midnight. There is ever) prospect of a coiitmuun.c ECHUCA, EIUDAY. Splendid rain is falling, winch will be of immense beucht to stock owners. NEW SOU 1JI WALI S S.DV1.Y, 1 RIDA) 'Ihewenther hos been onprtaaively warm throughout the day Ino lntcnaa heat ( uhnmuted lil a sharp thundcrsturm at about 8 o clock this eveiiiiic uecompiinied bv lienv) rain A ttlegrum liom .vurandern states Hint a dense duststoiin occurred ut about 2 0 clock this nttcinouri, which lastid for nearly an houi mil i hall, during which time tht town wus enitloiitd in almost total darkness All husmeas was suspended and tilt strtct traille wus Bt.pped A panic set in among the public school children, who wen scicum nig with fear Such a storm lins never betn vvitncsstd m tilt ilistuct before Intense heat lins 1 ten experienced to day in many other pints of tho country I he ti mpentture n ached 112deg in the shade at t oon imblt 1 here have beta thunderstorms ut Hu) und M ilumina. 