jlt'strict Ketos. TFbom ottb own Correspondents. 1 NORTHAMPTON, December 9th. As the authors of Casual Notes and Longshanks are apparently baring a long pap, F take up my pen to let you know the tifews from this lively city daring the past.few weeks. In the first place t should mention what somebody, onite foreot viz. that the day on r popular Governor paid us a visit, Mrs. Hosken, the worthy hostess of the Railway Hotel, gave our army an excellent din ner, gratis. The way the bottled beer and roast pig at my end of the table disappeared was a caution to snakes. We had a .visit from Colonel Angelo last month, who expressed himself highly pleased with our defenders, and I hear he even " stood Sam" after the parade was over. I once had the pleasure of hearing a fighting preacher, but I think I prefer the sermon of the preaching fighter as delivered here a few Sundays ago. I suppose when the millennium arrives the gallant Colonel will take to the white choker, and 1 think I will then follow suit. The local court was crowded on Friday 20th nit., to hear the now celebrated horse case of Hall v, Ronan. Messrs. Barges, Mitchell, and Angelo «Ts.P. very patiently tried the case, and gave judgment for the Defendant. The Plain tiff summoned Ronan for having one of his horses in his possession marked with two WR's, but when the horse was produced one WE turn ed out to be a very plain M, so of course, Hall lost the case, and had to pay the piper to the tune of about £20, 1 hear. There is the deuce to pay re the commonage regulations. I pity the poor goatherd. I am afraid when he tries to collect his fees he will get plenty of " kid " but very little cash. The idea of herding cattle, and goats is a very good one, and I should like to see it carried out, but am afraid it will be a dead letter here, es pecially when the very high fees are considered. Reduce the latter by 50 per cent, and the regulations might then be carried out, after a liifln tr/in hip hut I wonl'l advise the heidsm in to make the Mayor responsible for his screw. Wheat crops are looking splendid, and oue farmer is willing to bet he has thirty bushels to the acre. Our volunteers had their first regular meeting on the 28th ult., which I hear is to be an an nual one. Lieutenant Spalding was elected Treasurer of the corps, and Captain Mitch 11 informed the members that all the debts were paid, and the the corps had a balance in hand of £7 10s. 0d. This speaks well for the Captain's good management, as the uniforms alone cost over £200. The Chairman also told those pre sent that the prize firing would take place on the 29th inst., that there would be nine excel lent prizes in all, and that a dinner would also be provided. When they heard the latter news I saw several licking their lips, thinking, I sup-, pose, of Mrs. Hosken's famed 41 home fed." Amusement in abundance is the order of the day. There will be first class sports — 26 events — in Host Cripp's field on Boxing Day, where there are to be two novel f< atures introduced viz, pigeon shooting and a menagerie race, not for getting treacle buns, and grinning through a horse collar. There will also'racing on New Year's day, and as I before mentioned prize firing, a dinner, and a ball on the 29 th at the Railway Hotel. I hear the Commissioner of Crown Lands has frightened the people with his fencing bogey, and that land is being bought up right and left. There is a splendid lode of lead at Patton and Brook's old mine, which is now being worked by our energetic leading firm. £ am sorry to hear that men are being discharged at Hall's copper mine, but I presume theyjwill be put on again when the railway freight is reduced. \- We have had some severe bush-fire; lately, Messrs. L. C. Binges and Arthur Johnson being the principal sufferers. Mr. W. Thomas arrived here overland from Shark's Bay on the 8th inst. He followed the telegraph line, and says feed' in some parts is scarce. He also failed to find water between Murchison House and Trevenson, through not I knowing where the exact spot was. If someone would place a notice board up on one of the telegraph poles informing strangers where to look for water it would be a great boon. Pearls on/? tiaorl ehnllc avn rinm rafAnmo a unw OUVl 11 OUWMU Wkb UVtf I.VWUaii c uigu price, there being a great demand for them just now in Europe. I am glad to hear this for Mr. Thomas' sake, than whom there is not a man in the colony more deserving of success. We are all exceeding wroth here at the shameful neglect on the part of the police as described by the Greenough traveller in your last issue. It is only yet another instance of how the South neglects the North, and I for one suggest that we at once demand separation unless policemen are stationed along the said road every hundred yards, so as to prevent the possibility of such a frightful - occurence taking place again. We have also a great grievance which demands immediate redress at the hands of Captain S nith and his subordinates. I re fer to the fLas. If the people down South were tormented day and night as we are every one knows tk it the matter would soon be recti fied by a detachment of police being sent to the disturbed district, each anned with a large hammer and small anvil to exterminate the enemy. Only yesterday an enlightened elector complained to me that he believed the insect powder supplied to him from the store must have been some " old useless rubbish shipped here from the South, as the only way he could kill the fleas was by tak ug them firmly by the nape of the neck, powdering them well down the back, then turning them over, and repeating the process, and finally prising open their mouths and ramming the powder down their throats. He justly remarked that the least the author ities down South could do would be to send a body of policemen to attend to this duty, but he did not think they would even do us this justice. Evidently the only remedy is to do as my friend F. Black very forcibly and poetically suggests, viz., to fight like "nation" till we get separation. EL LOCO. 