KERA.NGI?'JAN UPU1AY o R: 18??U D ;Er tru the readers of newspapers, nor those whoso business, it is to cater for their informition and anuseienit have had occasion to complain, since 'this" year opened, of a lack of suljects'of a vaired and interesting chairacter,; nor cn it!' be said that sensitionallisiu ofthe most xciting - nature has not hadl sufficient representation to satisfy the demands of the veriest devotee of tlie-horrible. Ini fact,- society h? s been -dio eluged -with thrilling incidents which, like the rushing waters? of a mighty tidal. wave, have 'succeeded each other with rapid irresistible force, spreading their influence far and wI de: The air is laden still with the cries of sorrow, consternation or astonisl?nient, is the =case may be, elicited fromn in terosted observers, mingled with anticipa tious and rumours regarding the future, of anyrthing but:of a cheering kind. Even twithiri the circumiscribed area which .cnngtitutes the? litle worldclaimel biy lIi ictorians, there have been quite sufficient events of a .disastrous and tragic nature to fuiriislr themes for months of gossip, and to callforth a' general expectanut query: of what iexrt ? Did the space at our disposal warrant the step, it would be interesting to narrate in chronulogical order the events of an extraordinary: nature .which have transpired withing the- pest three weeks. i i:ith, a it:rrative, social, Il)iitical and commercial events: would figure .upon ahuiost every, darily page, and but vry few- if niiy-in the cominumnity wwhohlid bhle upon , l sli anilng the record, to sal SNothilirig ".thierotoaffuctdi: -Regardimng the e.e. itmient nccasiucd,- b.l pilitical nou' eiitien thore ha: Already hoimina'g "cii deial said,li but liter: andiantiilikateul further develotuPoents are so suggestive that niuch iuore iuuS :pb be aaod, whiila 'iaue) huwiucr le rserved fori eparati arrcli 'nl{s futnre issue. To'a very large proportion of onrreaders the event that aroused. the Edeepest and most painful interest :aw,-no ldoubti th l destrid?i ev bush fire'-thi recentlyratgedir-_the HReyteabury-forest.. and itstvicinity,and which was so nearly bein produtis e of terribly fatal results. Rclsiilents in = tlisi l]ofcality hiave"ibeen: unfort unately but too familiar with. the ravages of the fire fiend, andi alfthoiilf this season, thus far, has not been marked by any~serio~ii conflagrations here, the sufferers in other' places will'ahve many earnest and sincere symathisers amongst is--sympathlyaronsed,by the recitalof the hair- broadth escapes of whole families from the devouring element, and the destruction of all the fruits oftheir harvest and of their arduous and incessant toil, will be intensified by the recollections of personal experiences of similar hardships which such recitals will reive, and the effort that ,is being nmade to aessistrthe sufferers in, their need will be ohailed with satisfaction; and: practically furthered:tn conseuiience. The. people f V'ictoria have always displayed a choerful willing. ness to-respond liberdlHy\to appeals, for help, -whoever the appellant or wliatever: the canse of their need, and:we are snurei thiit tlhe very mention of thldfact that a namber of families have been .bnrnt out of hoise and liohm,'in' one fpartbfthe colony will stficeto ensureaeyfa r from other.parts. But the event should serve 'as ;timely and effective warniig,both lj'o residents in -farming districts and to traveller?, to exercise the utmost caution in. the .use of fire, evon though it be only .a lgh ed match or spark'from a pipe. Thore are still more nths of he sum iumr to come ,rn feet we haveyet to pass through the most dang?,rous montliof the, year in rarid to bush:fires an; therefore i.e take the, ,opfortunity' of" so?iditnlig a warning. The fact is too widely knownI to need repentrng tht' as~a-rule" these fires are simply, the, result: of thoughtless noss on the part of some one, wvho would pri~abbly shrink from theidea o'f exposing a- fellow creatue e .to ganer, muchlless would ho be ugnlty of risking the life of others byia liberate' act. tBt Fuirreless ness; wvith sch a.disaster as tihativ.wo hre just spoken of to actas a warning, islittle ifatall less culpable tlania deliberate deed would be by which asch a disaster would be .originated. With vegation presently driednp almost to a tinder, and the sa's rays so poswerfid- as they have:recently been arl sparkl is enigh to set a:vhole country in a blaize, and to 1cause ano co tla,,ration which;.will be the caiuse of ruin to anear. We trtist the hint ,will be take and ?il:hat every residi it of this district will take care, both for their own sake aitld that, of. others~ that the spark: din imiau~bt stitdi ii by any act of theirs 