AUSTRALIAN TALES AND ADVENTURES. "MY HERO." By Robt. O. Whitworth. ' Tell you a story boys,', said.old Jaok Hsll one fioe moonlight night, as we Bat smoSing eutaide the Bhearing Bhed on old Wilson'a Btation on the. Wimmera. ? 'Oil, yos, I'll tell you a story. You' Bea that black boy I've got' following, me round. Why. he's the smartest boy with horses this side of tha Manertft, and, that's saying a good deal; andwhat'B moro, 'the young beggars kind with 'em, vjhioh, for one of his breed, is Bomewnat singular, jaowever, win* a iic.™.~ here nor there, and has nothing, though he himself has, tcr do with my yarn. A good many years sinee, fourteen or fifteen maybe, I was timber getting in tbe Bicbmond Biver 'district up on the north coast of New South Wales, Bnd we^el aok a rich pieoe oi cedar brush on EmigsB Ureek,_ a goodiah sized stream Tin the n|h aide of the river, and about thirty milealiom the It was summer, about the middled! Janu ary I think, and it was hot, oh, bo hot. Down here you've no idea of the heat on those awampi; 'the heat^tbat terrible moist heat, that brings up a kind of thick dense over powering mist from tbe low lying country' round, a country which is one big lagoon in the wet season, and a damp, dank,.ovilBnieil 'ing morass in tho dry, the very hot-bed ol fever and ehivering ague, to say nothing of rheumatics; and then tho mosquitoes— phew 1 — . . itTorv ab'.it* I wer saw, unlea3 it waa — nothing like -«u ;te Ash IsUndf on the at Hexham, oppos. ??oyoall'emgallinippera, Hunter River, where tn. name too, I' think, and a very .appropriate --eiu you, and nipping for in the way of gallyingijjsr miatake. 1 you, they ate terrors, and nu-,er'. been at work We were a party of six, weju ??inr months, in the neighbourhood for about i.,\ '»a timber and had got as fine a lot of firatclu.ut[jd were stacked as you could wish for, tn-tf, yn to beginning to think of rafting it do-.-,;re,*he Ballina, where it could ba shipped by -enfe sehooners and other craft in the timber-train J,o for Sydney or where not elae. The stuff was staokeetun the river-side, near the .camp,, which was in a little flat'under the -tisa of.y' Eloping bill covered with tea tree sorub add ? thick undergrowth., ?'.-'.. ' ' ''?.-.' ? Oh, it was hot, hot, hot. The very 'sir waa quivering with' tho heat, . and ' the, 'little westerly wind that we had waa blowing frora: the plains beyond the ranges, as if it had been the breath -oat of a fiery furnace. * We could not work, we didn't try to, we ? lay in such shadow as we could find, smoking, and wishing for the decline of the sun that Bhohe above us in the heavens like a huge red burning ball. The silly bftda had sought the cbvertjOf such leafage as they could find, the iguanas, had sheltered themselves under the gr,ey sandstone rocka, tho very cicadas in the 'trees were too weary to keep up their chirps, and, in fact, all nature was asleep. Our camp consisted of a slab and bark men's hut, and another amaller hut used as a sleeping place and kind of office by the boss. It was on a little back-water of the creek, which was about a quarter of a mile away, and we had cleared a belt of maybe twenty feet wide all round it, for fear of fire, although this was grown over with brown burnt up grass that would flame up like tinder if you gave it the chance. The Bpot had been a blackfellow'a camp, but the niggers had shitted away a mile or two when we came, to some ecrub on tha other side of the hill. We had had a little trouble with the beggarB at first, for they wero awful thieves, but the boss waa not a man to stand much nonsense, . and a few smart larruppings had taught them that the ' wbito fellow' and bis belongings were best left alone. . 'There had been Jtesvy bush-fires In tbe ranges to ths west*arp, toward the head of . the Clarence, and at ''flight the whole side of the range for miles used to glow like a vast wall of lurid flame against the, black pall of thick Emoke tbat roso from the burning bush .beyond. ? Still we felt safe enough, for. tho wide End deep Richmond- river and Bwampslay between us and the fire; and we were well sheltered : from the strong westerly winds by the ranges themuElves. It waa one afternoon, about two o'clock, -when Sandfly— so we called a half-caste boy we had with usr— osmo to me, as I lay on a bench in the shade of a hut, half-asloep, and rousing me up, Baid in hurried and frightened BcceBts : 'You, Jack Hall, make a light, big one flro ait down 'tother side along 0' hill, murry fuick that folia come, my word.' That woke ma up in a hurry, you may b?t, and jumping np with a start, I looked in the direction he indicated. There it was, eure enough. Rising from the other sido of tho slight eminence which shut ua in on the west, was a dense volume of dark smoke which told ita own tale, too surely. 1 The flrc, by some meant), had taken possession of the dried up open bush, and, impelled by the light hot wind, was coming rapidly in our direction. - -The rest of our party, Jim Black, Curly, Dutoh Fred, and Tom Bowman were in tho but, endeavouring to forget the trying heat in an engrossing game ot Euchre. The boss had gone away the day bofora to look after another party bigher up the river, between us anil Mount Leslie, and was expected back that afternoon. In leas time than it takes to tell, tbe boy. were out, the Blip paneU were down, and the bullocks and horses, smelling the aorid aroma of the burning bush, had, led by their natural instinct, stampeded for the lower swamp., where they know thoy were safe. , right flro with flro. That ia tho only way to light fire. Wo all of ua, a. old bushmen, knew that well enough, and theretoro pre pared to meet the toe that would aoon avrccp down on ua, by burning off the orixp dried graia in our belt of olearing, and beating it out on tho inner aide nt the ring with branobea ot ths Rrceneat brushwood ire oould find, for if the fire onoo oaiifjht the parched bush Inside, not onl- our aatnp, but tha pilt» of timber, the pro ^bla ot our four month, labor, worth a ooupjanit thouaanJ1 pouudt or ao, would ba nwenl away like matohwood.aml wo, oven it wo esoapod with our liven, nhoulil have to Uka shelter iu tho mosquito infected BWtiups. Even as we were spreading onr.-talveo to meet the Qro along our western boundary, wo .aw tho box, spurring aa it for dear lifo, top . tha ridge on hia sweat lathered maro, ana, totally regardless oi traok., or of rcaVs or fallen timber, riding towards ua at a brook neck pace. ' (lood. lads,' he Bhautod, as ho throw him sell from hit reeking nnimil, and uaw ua ready for tha earning utrusglo, ' gootl lids. I've had a tough job to head the flames. Tho hlook boggnra out yonder have fired tho oorub, oontound 'em, and in a fiiw minute, tho whole, ol this sldo of tho country will be in a blaao. Cattlo In tha swamps 1 flood. N.iw thon, thrco this: way, three that.. Kctp it back all you oan, and jUrap it out a. you to.' Aa ho spoko, the tmoka csaia rolling In heavy oluuiia on Iho Ion ot tha rlio, envelop Ipt! us In its tlilok aoriii folds, and the oracklu 0! the burning ahrubb&ry; and tbo ruuibio of tho devouring flames bounded louder 'and noator every initial. Already boom oi kaDgarooand wiHaby blundered past ua «n mad terror like grey-shadows, and thousands , of oookatoosiand other birds flow screaming 'overhead, .ondrdpped suffocated by the smokp. . Already the. fiery tongues of flima oonW be seen shooting upward among the tall timber beyond the! riaga, and wo, blackened, be grimed, Binged.i parched with thirst, and dripping with perspiratiarj, stood ready to meet the onset of the ecemy: at his rftaraat attacking point.' ' : ^Wehad firea our safety bait, an! stood, wa and o»r property, within a ring fince_as (it were, of blackcneaVaahes, corapara'.ively sale. The flat beyond ns waa almost dowid of timber; and the underbrnBh was very EparSc, s'o that, baydnd 'a few clurop3 of.ti-trccs and mimo38, close to the outer edef, 0! our ring, ? it had not taken fire, and oar ens^iM wero now directe'd|to sprcadiog the Qimos in th«t direction, so as't'o meet the approaahins con- : flagration. | | ',.??? ? . \ I The sky, or rather,, the smoke rack Vor- . head, was ai'& dull lurid hue, and the roar of tbe flames was appallinj. - I Next 'meffod working liko one posscaeej), .was Tom Bawman, one of tie biggest ripa m the whole country ride. Land-mouthed, blasphemous; d.-Hinkcn, profligata Tom Bdw man, whose; name was a synonym for all that waa blackgnardly andjjlreputable. Vte oedor outtersi.were, aa yoit^may readily, im- . agine, none of ub particularly respectable as the word iai generally understood, but oven, we, the worat of us, conceded tho proud pre erninca in wickedness to Tom Bowman. Ha %sa, in fact, what is commonly known as ' a hard case.' OTIiis antecidenta we knew no thing,: save that he haa at one time been scconitaate of a collier, and, to t«U tho truth, nobody eared much to ask, torualthough not exactly of a q^arrelsanio disposition, with him it was a word and 3 blow, and, as the . . Baying goes, the blo^ frtqnently cama first. ! . As! said, wa Wsra .busy firing the ontly iog Ecrub', -.tbm;' nstt .to me, and had si ready got a narrow' bait of-it'intf a blaze, when a sudden cjacuJaVibn from. Tom caused. ' me to look where ha pointed. ' ?] '? On the very, crown -ot the ridga, Wirjded by the Bmeke atd' jazed by tbe infernal din be- . hind.hcr, wofl 'a black.gin, besring a burden {we'.'cduld'.c.ot .bos what) in her arms, and staggering onward over the broken ground, aown the side of the hill. ? Terror lent h« strength, but even' that' conld not cope with the pitiless foa hj her fear. . With a swish and a roar, ther fierce flames Bwept over tha ridge, lieking np the scant herbage and the dried up-braihw6od,.andxnnning like £e«y - Ecrpente up tha trees. ihat stood in their on-. 'wtrdfath.^iFast as the. poor ereatute- fle'T *hey flew- .faster^ -and, with grofca of coSlf^' 'nre 'aeration^ W0.-B1W thst in a few ?mo'mjntJ tai. rnngt. till a vibtim to their' zeaistltBi :aio.;- :-. ^-|-- '??' ?-???'! powsr.i ; ?''crm'olorioh his hands. I saw hia lips .: IWw'.j. Vouilyi.Tiia eyes glisten withamair-. qniijerharrvf-'.^ana the next instant, with an vellous light,* or *iat I abn't like to repeat it, oa,th so tcrriblejw fev ' '. . ? I - ije shouted : : i » ex^his,. to seo^a woman' ''' 'I can't stand ,,c^\ and not raise a haia roasted beforejnj/eye9-.l-jflt Tom Bowman]' to try to save her. I No, l Obat of. a deer, ho And, with a. leap, like tii,?*Sush, and darted dashed through- the burningx _\j . ' * ? forward to meet her. '. - '°' Jjo reaohher We' saw hia |iritent. It was 'fi?^Nie coulH, ere tho fire overtookTher^ahcJ, if i. '^fntnp .either carry or drag her- within the buSjjN^ ' »P«9- ?= I I ???*.%?. 'k'a, «n But it was ndttajbe. Ha was*nota dozujvivrv yards from her jwhen, blinded, suflacited, ex- 'r)1 hausted, she sta^ge'rcd,recovered hereelf but -iii for an instant, tottered, fell, even on the very edge of the charred and smouldering riDg, and . the next instant the flames had lapped her in their fiery tongues. . - We, that is, j tbe boas, myeelf, asd Butch Fred, had followed Tom in hia roi^racc. When we reached {him, tho fire hadparted, ana he atooa penaiyoly gazing downward at the poor creature whose life he had striven so hard and bo nobly to preserve. Blaokened with smoke and begrimed with tbo falling flukes; of charred wood ami leaves, scarred and blistered by the fervent heat, hia hair, beard, and eyebrows Hinged . off, hia clothing burnt and torn to rags, and his very boots bhrivclled on hij teet, be stood ' sailcnt, sorrowful. ; At last he spoke. I ' Mates,' he !said— and it waa in a won derfully Boft, sad v'pica, and almost apolo getically—'- I done what I conld. X-Jricd to save the poor thing, but I couldn't. I done ' whst I oould.' . ! I She Hy, faco i downward, partly enveloped in a shrivelled up 'possum rcg, and silently we tmred her over to look at her face. She .was qnite young— not more than eighteen, and, clasped to hfr boeom with a convulsive dutch, was a bundle wrapped in a'picce of old .blanket.' i ! ' By thunder 1 ' ejaculatea Tom, ' rfs a babbyBbehas. Blame me, if it ain't a pio osninny.1': . * \ It was i even so. j The hapless girl bad ' evidently been absent' from the camp when the blacks bad' set the bush alight, had been . surprised by the fire, nud bad fled before it. And, when unable to go further, and over- ' taken by the flames, Bhe had covered up the little one with her body, cid so saved it- life. ; ? ; Somo folka say tbat blacks have no souls. I don't believe it. Others say they have no levlingi or natural affection. I don't believe that enter. Hero, at all events, wan a proof ot maternal love; and of lastoru&l; iaetinot, Btrong in! death: Had nhe sacrifloed 'her child to her own safety, had sbo thrown it down in her mad raca for life, tho chancca aro that eUo would have reached ourbaven \ ot refuge, i But no, she loved hor baby boy with the Unspeakable depth ot a mother's love, and sho had given hor lifo for hia. We buried ber whero she lav, and Tom ' adopted the baby.' ' Mate;,' bo n\i, in a husky voice, ' I tried my beat to save tho. mother, and failed. I'll take tho kid,: and do the fur thing by him.' ?''.?' And ho did. He kept him till he died, threo yeinmince. Gored by -a wild cpw ho was, out Mudfteo way. I was mate, with him at thu time, lie left the youngster to me,»n J 1'vo had him ever siuoo. That's iriy Btory. And I say this, that Tom Diwibio, standing there over that poor girl aa bo did ; ?oarehed, bltckoned, blwdinR, blistered, was a true hcto. At any rata, he was my hero. 1'our Tom. Rowdy, ramping, ignorant, te.irinfMwen.ring, drinking, righting Tom. In the bbok list againsl him there will bo at least ono big, white, shining mark, tor wo aro told in, tho good Book what One, whose namo I don't cire to mention, in a yarn, eaM of a rer-min bigainncr; and tbe annio in.\v bj said of Tom—' He douo what ho could.' ; ? ?' ? l;.^llo^liun U often vahiod, not for Bself, but inertly an a steppingalono to wealth. Wo give it to the young, and thoy take It not no muoh tbat they may bosomo through il boiler, nobkr, hnpjiicr, and more useful men . and women, an ; Hoy may naiu tho power ol-\\. rising from a loner to n higher station, fr»m * ? poverty to raeilioority, or from modiocrity to wealth. Thus the education that tits thorn only to nJorn a hwnblo position happily and ? oontonteilly, instead ot cultivating ambitious longing', tlut cherishc. health and strength ot body and fill j tha mind with resources for Its own aolivitv and power tor* it. own developinenS, without any direct rofereuoo to amawing a fortune, ia too often ne^leotcd tor narrower, and shallower instruction.' Is not tbn mind moro. than tha.'p-.r«Q? Shall wo Holl the ono (0 (ill tho other, ?it siiall wo rath or spend freoly of ourcold to buUd up tho Intel. 'r: loct. to oulUvato tho taste, »o foitil, Sw :i 