QUEENSLAND. [From our own Correspondent.] Brisbane, January 13. Several important changes have been made in the railway department. The drafting staff of the locomotive engineer has been practically disbanded owing to one or two draftsmen leaving the service and others having been removed to Ipswich. Locomotive Engineer Horniblon will be saddled with some duties lately undertaken by the under-secretary, which will thereby relieve the commissioner of several duties connected with the manage ment of the rolling stock. The traffic manager's branch has also been slightly reorganised. The education department have alterei the system of hiring out orphans entrusted to the care of the State, and have at the same time altered the age when boys can be appren ticed to tradesmen to 12 years, instead of S, 9, and 10 years, as previously. The choice of trade has also been extended to others than fanners and dairymen, the last alteration being adopted because the practice was found to work well in the other colonies. An accident occurred last night to a man named Woodhouse, the driver of an omnibus, in Stanley-street. The horses were startled by a steam roller, and ran into a shop veran dah, jamming the driver between a post and the bus. The vehicle was very little damaged, but Woodhouse was taken home with serious internal injuries. The Licensing Board this morning granted nine applications for the use of second bars in hotels throughout the city, which will be allowed to continue till the expiry of the licenses for such houses. The Telegraph to-day publishes a description of .the Police Court cells, which their repre sentative inspected under permission obtained from the police authorities. Their statement verifies the Courier's report of the intolerable stench arising from the cells, and also as to their limited space and dungeon-like appear ance. Th^ presence of vermin in the scanty clothing supplied is not denied, and the article concludes by saying, "the present position of the cells is totally unfit for confining prisoners any length of time." KEW ZEALAND. [From our own Correspondent.] Auckland, January 13. The Premier denies a rumor which has gained currency that Air. Larnarch is to be appointed to the Agent-Generalship. He says that the Government have no intention of replacing Sir F. Dillon Bell. Rain Las fallen in the south, and has effectually extinguished the bushfires that were Tag ing so fiercely. The New Zealand Insurance Company has declared a dividend of 15 per cent, Tbe net profits were £22,865. 