The Bush Fires in Victoria. (By the Special Reporter of the Argus.) A RIDE through the Heytesbury Forest from Camperdown to Port Campbell lies through country almost wholly devastated by the great fires of Tuesday, 12th December. On every side farms are laid waste, houses, implements, and fencing are destroyed, and the great gum trees and the soil are charred as black as night. The strips of country seen from the bills which caged the flames only serve to throw into relief tho widespread desolatencss of the scene which the conflagration hnH loft. Such a fire has never been known here before. The miles of forest which had been rung was an dry as tinder, and tho tierce north wind blew tho light mess mate bark miles ahead when it was once lighted, while the showers of burning wood fired tho houses, crops, and fencing, which were quite sufe from a brushwood fare. Many of tho sottlers who were burnt out had enough to do to save their lives, and many of them were women with young children or infants at the breast. Many of tho men were away earning that subsistence for their families which their selections do not provide. This is the common lot of tho forest settler, and it is impossible to rightly understand how great is tho loss he has suffered, or how far he is deserving of sym pathy and assistance, without learning some thing of the toil and privations be endures in the wilderness. ... As soon as the grass begins to come, the forest settler is overrun with rabbits and wallaby. The farmer in other parts of the colony is well off, with a two or three rail sheep and cattle-proof fence. The forest settler, if he is not to be eaten out of houso and home, must put up a close slab or paling fenco, costing £1 or 25a. per chain, to keep out vermin. This means more work "on tho roads," or more pinching, the children kept longer barefoot, and unablo to attend school; while the wife, bereft of her husband during tho dangerous summer time, is left perforce to fight the flames as best she may, when bush fires rage and threaten thehoraeatead. Hence, we have the explanation why, during the awful conflagration Mhich took place on Tuesday, 12th December, helpless women and children surrounded by tire saw their homes laid in ruins, and themselves barely able to escape with their lives A narrative which has few special features beyond others to excite the benevolence of the colony, but which is a fair sample of other^ is that of the Monk family, who lived onCurdie'a River. Mrs. Monk ia a alight, small woman of about 40 years of age, who one would think would hardly havo been capable of the forti tude and endurance which she manifested dur ing one of the most trying experiences which could test any woman's self-possession and resolution. Her story is vouched for by the attendant circumstances, by the ruin of her home, tho sufferings of the children, and the testimony of the neighbours who gave the unfor* tunate worn v relief. Airs. Monk, who was found with her children at the residence of a Mrs. Scanlon, near Cobden, nearly thirty miles from where she was burnt out, said, " My hus band, William Monk, hud 180 acres on Curdie River. He selected them about five years ago, and worked on the land when he had money. Last summer he put up a shingle and slab two roomed house, and took me and the children down to live there. To get a garden we cut some scrub in the front of the house ready for burning, but we did not set fire to it for fear of burning the neighbours out. My husband got a job of fencing at Win. Scanlon's, and waa away when the fire came. I was afraid of the fire all Monday night, as I had seen the smoke coming our way. As soon as I got up on Tues day I heard the timber crackling not far from the house. It was a fearfully hot day, and the wind was coming through tho trees. I got tho children out of their beds as quick as I could, but had not time to dress them. There were five of them, from a fortnight up to 13 years of age. Clara, 2£ yeais old, could not stop to put her boots on when we started to run to Mrs. Pascoe's, our nearest neighbour in the direction away from the tire. The flames were very fierce, and great lumps of bark aad rub bish were blowing high in the air, and setting places alight a long way in front, in the direc tion of our house. My eldest girl carried the baby : tho boy had another sister in his arms; »nd I had Clara in mine. The trees were coming down upon us all round, when we met Mr. Wm. Gubbin's man running to save us. Ho started to burn a patcb, but had only got a piece clear as big as the floor of this kitchen when the flames swept past and scorched us. Cissy, a child of about 18 months, w*3 burned all over on the neck, thighs, legs, and feet. Clara had her feet burned so that the skin dropped off her heels and toes, and Mrs. Tweedie has got it in a paper at her place now. Clara cried out that she was burning on the hot limestone. I told her she would make mo ill if she cried, and then she stopped and did not cry any more. The heat was fearful. The children had their tongues hanging out, and I thought the baby, which was gasping, would die every minute. I saw some water in a prully, and Mr. Gubbin's man brought some to his hut for the children, which saved them. After the fire had passed us we stayed out on the clear patch for a time, and then I took the children back home. The elder boy and girl carried their sisters as they had done before. The house was burned to a cinder and everything that was in it. Mr. Gubbin's man went to get us some food, for it was now afternoon, and none of us had had auything since the night before. The children no sooner got back to where the house had been than they fell asleep exhausted, and I watched to keep the hot ashes from falling on them. When it was getting dark, I thought I would try and reach Mrs. Tweodio's, as the fire was in tno direction of Mrs. Pascoe's. The help Mr. Gubbin's man had gone for, did not come till after wo left, and it was 10 o'clock before we got to Mrs. Tweedie's, and the children got something to eat. They were in a very bad state, and for nights afterwards they kept starting in their sleep, and calling out, ' Mother, we are in the fire. It was no wonder that they were frightened, for all the time the forest was burning, it was nearly as black as night with smoke, and the branches kept tumbling off the trees and nearly crushing us. The baby was kept well wrapped up in t shawl, and was only scorched on the neck, but all the other children except the eldest boy were badly burned." These burns wcro shown me, and the feet of the girl Clara, who was still in bed, pre senting a sickening sight. The family have not been visited by a doctor, but tho people of Cobden havo done all in their power for the sufferers. Some ladies have volunteered as nurses, but there is a lack of medical comforts, aad tho children are becoming very thin and debilitated for want of them. The family have been left quite destitute, except for the labour of Monks' hands. Some of the sufferers are quite disheartened by their severe reverses. They put it with much feeling that after so bard a struggle to tide over all their difficulties, it is a crushing blow to have the sayings and fruits of years of labour swept away in an hour. 