AUSTRALIAN 'TALES AH'O ADVENTURES. 'M Y Ml R'0.' by hoot; p. wnmvoBTn. ' Tell you a story boys,' said old Jack Hall ono fir; a moonlight night, ns we sat smoking outaide tho' shearing shed on old Wiloon'B station on tho Wimmera. ' Oh, yea, I'll toll you a story. You1 see that black boy I've not following me round. Why, he's tho smartest boy with horBes this , uido ot the Maneroo, and that's saying a good deal ; and what's more, the young beggar's kind with 'em, whioh, for ono of his breed, ia somewhat singular. Howovor, that's neither hero nor there, and haa nothing, though he himself has, to do with my yarn. A good many years since, fourteen or fifteen maybe, J was timber getting in tho Eichmond River district up on tho north ooast of New South Wales, and we'd Btruok a rioh piece of oedar brubh on Emigrant Creek, a goodish sized stream on the north side of tho river, and about thirty miles from tho Bea. It was summer, about tho middle of Janu ary I think, aud it was hot, oh, bo hot. Down here you'vo no idea of the heat on ,those Bwampa; the heat, that terrible moist boat, that brings up a kind ot thiok dense over powering mist from the low lying country round, a country whioh is ono big lagoon in the wet BCftBon, and a damp, dank, evilsmell ing moraSB in the dry, the very hot-bed of fever and shivering aguo, to say nothing ot rhenmaticB; and then the mosquitoes — phawl' — nothing like-'em I ovor saw, unloss it was at Hoxham, opposite Ash Island, on the Hunter Kiver, whoro thoy call 'em gallinippers, and a very appropriate namo too, I think, for in the way of gallying you, and nipping you, they are terrors, and no mistake. Wo wero a parly of flix, wo'd been at work in the neighbourhood for about four months, and haQ got aa fine a lot of fKBtolaea timber Btaoked aa yon oould wiah for, and were beginning to think of rafting it down to Ballina, where it conld be shipped by tho Bohooners and other oratt in the timber-trado for Sydney or where not else. The stuff waa stacked on the river-side, near tho camp, whioh was in a little flat under tho rise of a sloping hill covered with tea troe scrub and thiok undergrowth. Oh, it was hot, hot, hot. The very air was quivering with tho heat, and the little westerly wind that we had was blowirig from the plains beyond tho ranges, as if it had been the breath out of a fiery furnace. Wo could not work, we didn't try to, wo lay in such shadow as we oould fi ad, smoking, and wishing for tho decline of the sun that ^hono above us in the heavens like a huge red burning'bati:''Ite4U]y4'«as had sought the oovert of suoh leafage as 'tiroyCoxilu nfr^rtil?^ iguanas had sheltered themselves under the grey sandstone rooks, the very oioadas in the treoB wero too weary to keep up their chirps,, ana, in f aot, all nature was aelecp. Our oamp consisted of a slab and bark men's but, and another smaller hut uaod as a Bleeping place and kind of office \\-y the boss. It was on a little back-water of tho oreolr, which was about a quarter of a mile away, and wo had' cleared n belt of maybo twenty feet wide all round it, for fear of fire, although this was grown over with brown burnt up grass that would flame up like tinder if you gave it tho ohanoo. The spot had been a blaokfellow'a oamp, but the niggera had shifted away a mile or two when we oame, to somo sorub on the other Bide of the hill. We had had a littlo trouble with the beggars at first, for they wero awful thieves, but the boss was not a man to stand muoh nonsense, and a fow smart larruppinps had taught them that the ' white fellow' and his belongings wero best left alone. ?There had been heavy bush-fires In the ranges to the westward, toward the head of the Clarence, ana at night tho whole side of tho range for miles used to glow like a vast wall of lurid flame against the black pall of thiok smoke that roso from tho burning bueh beyond. Stjll we felt Bate enough, for the wide ana deep Richmond riverand swamp3.1ay between ub and the fire, and wo wero woll sheltered from tho atrong -weatorly windn by the ranges themselves. It was ono afternoon, about two o'olook, when Sandfly— so wo oallcd a half-caste boy we had with ua — onmo to me, as I lay on a bench in the Ehado of a hut, half-aalcep, and rousing me up, Baid in hurried and frightened accents : ' You, Jaok Hall, make a light, big one firo 3it down 'tother sido along o' hill, murry quick that folia oorne, my word.' That woke mo up in a hurry, you may bet, and jumping up with a start, I looked in the direotion he indicated. There it was, sure enough. Hieing from tho other Bide of tho slight eminence which shut us in on the west,' was a donao. volume of dark amoko v/hioh told its own talo, too surely. iThe firo, by Borne means, had taken possession of tho dried up opon bush, and, impelled by the light hot wine), was ooming rapidly in our direotion. The rest of our party, Jim Staok, Curly, Dutoh Prod, and Tom Bowman wero in tho hut, endeavouring to forget tho trying heat in an engrossing game of Euob.ro, Tho boaa hail gono away the day before to look after another party higher up. the river, between us and Mount Leslie, and was expected baok that atternoon. In leas time than it takes to tell, tho boys were out, the slip panda were down, and the bullocks ana horses, smelling tho oorid aroma of the burning buah, had, led by their natural instinot, Btampoded for the lowor swamps, whero they know thoy wero safe. Fight firo with firo. That is tho only way to fight fire. Wo all of us, as old buBhmon, know that well enough, and therefore pro pared to meet the foe that would soon swoop down on us, by burning off tho orisp driotl graes in our bolt of oloaring, and boating it out on tho inner Bide of the ring with branohosof the greenest brushwood we could find, for it the firo onoo caught tho parohed buah inside, not only our camp, but the pikfl of timber, tho prooeods ot our four mouths labor, worth a couple of thousand pounds or bo, would bo mvept away like matahwood.and wo, oven it wo esoaped with our lives, should havo to take shelter in tho mosquito infected awarnps. Even as wo wora spreading ouMalvea to meet tho fire along our western boundary, wo saw tho boss, spurring as if for dear lifo, top tho ridge on his sweat lathered rnaro, aud, totally rogardless of tracks, or of rooks or fallen timber, riding towards ua at a broak ncek paao. ' Good lada,' ho shoutod, as ho throw him self from hia reeking animul, and caw us roadyfor tho ooming struggle, 'good lads. I'vo had a tough job to head the flamo.a. Tho black beggars out yondorhavo fired tho ocrub, oonfound 'em, and in a few' minutes tho whole of this sido ot the country will bo in a bluzo. Cattle in tho swamps ? Good. Now then, three this way, threo that. Keep ifc baok all you oan, and stamp it out as you go.'' Aa ho cpoko, tho amoko oamo rolling in hoavy douds on tho top ot tho riso, envelop ing ua in its thiok aorid folds, and tho oraoklo of the burning Bhrubbery and tho rumble of tha devouring flames Bounded louder and nonier every instant. Already: bootou of kangaroo and wallaby blundered pact us in , /? ,'' mad terror like grey ahudotvs, und thousands of oookatooo and othor birds flow floteamiug \\-r' overhead, or dropped suffocated by tbo'dmoko. ?- ,t ' Already tho fiery tonguos of flim'o oould bo Boon Bhootingupwnrd among tho thll timbor boyond the ridge, and we, blaokenod, 'bo- -v grfmod, singed, parched with thirst, 'and v -?'' dripping with pernpiration, stood roady to '- \ meat the onset of tha enemy at his noareefc atta'diing point. , * *Wo had fired our safety belt, and stood, wo ? and our property, within a ring fonuo as it ' -^ wero, of blackened ashes, comparatively eatg. . *' Phfl fldf. hntrftnii lln- vintt nlmneP /ir.unM t\t' timber, and the underbrush waa very flpirni, bo that, beyond a few olumpi o( U-trocs ami mimoso, oloso to dhe outer ciIjjb ol our rin;;, it had hot takon flro, and our cnergicm worn ., now directed to' spreading the flames in that direotion, so tta to moot the approaohirig con flagration. , The sky, or rather tho smoko rack over- ' ' head, waa of a dull lurid hue, and tho ronr of the fla-mea waa Rppalling. . ' ', . Next mo., and working like ona poflFcwcd, was Tom Bowman, orio of tho biggest rips in the whole country -side. Lond- moiithed, blasphemous, drunkon, profligate Tom Bow man, whoso namo wss a synonym for all ' r that was blaokguardly end disreputable. We audar outters were, as you nicy readily irri- - agine, none of ub particularly respectable aa the word fa generally understood,' but oven wo, the- worst of ub, conceded the proud pre- ^ eminoe in wickedness to Tom Bowman. ' Ha r J was, in fact, what is commonly known as ' a hard oaae.' Of hia antecedents wo knew no thing, save that he had at one timo been second mate ot a collier, and, to tclltho truth, nobody oared much to ask, for although not exaotly of a quairolaome disposition, with ' him it was a word and a blow, and, as tho saying goes, tho blow frequently oame first. As I said, we waro busy firing tho outly ing scrub, Tom next to me, and bad al ready got a narrow belt ol it into a blaze, when a sudden ejaculation from Tom oaused me to look where ho pointod. On the very orown of the ridge, blinded by tho smoke and dazed by tbo infernal din bo hind hsr, was a black gin, bearing a burden (we oouia cot bbo what) in her arms, and atnggoring onward over the broken ground down tho side of tho hill. Terror lent hor strength, but oven that could not cope with tho pitiless foe in hor rear. With a swiah and a rpar, tho fierce fl&meB; swept over the ridge, licking up the scant herbage' an'd tho. dried up btuahwood, and running like fiery serpents np^tho treea that stood in their oh- ^ ward path.' Fast aa the poor creature flowt -? they flew faster, and, with groans ot oom- ' ' misoration, wo saw that in a fow moment* Bho must fall a victim to their resistless power. I saw Tom olenoh'hia hands. Isawhis lipa quiver norvously, hia eyea glisten with a mar vellous light, and tho next instant, with au oath so terrible that I don't like to repeat it, he. shouted: 'I aan't etand this, to see a woman' roasted boforo my eyes, and not raise a hanff to try to savo her. . No, not Tom Bowman.' Ana, with a leap like that of a deer, ho daBhed through the burning bush, and darted rifoiwarcUo meat hor. We saw' his ?'i?^epj^ , It was to reach her ere the firo overtook~h'er; aSd; .i£ bo oouia, either oarry or drag her within the*5)Ern' UP - Bpaoo. ^, '?* - , But it was not to be. He waa not a dozen yards from her when, blinded, suffocated, ex hausted, she staggered, recovered herself buli for an instant, tottered, foil, even on tho very edge of the charred and smouldering ring, and the next instant the flamea had lapped her in their fiery tongues. Wo, that is, tho boss, myself, and Dutch Fred, had followed Tom in his mad race. When wo readied him, the fire had parted, and he stood pensively gazing downward at the poor oroatura whose life he had striven bo hard and so nobly to preserve. . -*? Blaokened with smoke and begrimed with ^ tho fallirig flakoa ot oharred wood and ?'? f* leaves, aoarred and blistered by the fervent ». » heat, his hair, beard, ana eyebrows singed * j' off, hia clothing burnt ana torn to rags, ana '* his very boots shrivellea on hia feet, he stood Bilont, sorrowful. At last he spoko. ' Matoa,' he saia— and it was in a won derfully soft, sad voico, and almost apolo getically—'- I done what I could. I tried to save the poor thing, but I oouldn't. I dono what I could.' Sho lay, face downward, partly enveloped in a shrivelled up 'possum rug, and Bilently wo tCEBsd her over to look at her face. She waa quite young — not moro than eighteen, and, olaaped to her bosom with a convulsive clutch, was a bundle wrapped in a piece of old blanket. ? ' By thunder I ' ojaonlated Tom, ' it's a babby aho haB. Blamo mo, if it ain't a pic caninny.' It was even so. The hapless girt had evidently been absent from tho oamp when tho blaoka had set tho huah alight, had been surprised by the fire, and had -fled beforo it. And, when unable to go further, and over taken by the flames, ahe had covered up the littlo one with her body, and bo saved its life. . , Some folks say that blaoks have no souls. I don't believe ie. Others say thoy have no feelings or natural affsotion. I don't behovn that oithor. nere, at all events, was a proof of maternal love, and of maternnl inotinot, ' strong in death. Had sho Baorifloed hor ? child to hor own safety, had she thrown it ' (lown in her mad race for lifo, the ohanoes arc that Bho would havo reached oor haven '; of refuge. But no, sho loved hor baby boy : with tho unspeakable depth of a mother's love, and she had given hor lifo for bis. W« bnrio.d her whero aho lay, ana Tom adopted tho baby. ?; . ? 'Mates,' ha said, in a husky voioe, 'I -'?.' ?tried ray bost to Rave iho mothor, and failed. ' I'll take tho kid, and do tho fair thins by ? »'?? him.' 'i . And ha did. Ho kept him till he died, throe yoars Binee. Gored by a wild oow he * waa, out Mudgeo way. I wao mates with him at tho timo. He left tho youngster to me.ana -: I vo had him ever sinco, ' ,:? m That's my Btory. And I say this, that ' lorn Bowman, standing thoro over that poor girl no ho did ; scorched, blaokened, blooding, Wintered, waa a true hero. At any rato, he was my hero. Poor Tom. Rowdy, ramping, ignorant, tearing, swearing, drinking, fightinu Tom. In tho blaok list against him thero will ba at least ono big, white, shining mark for we aro tola in tho good Book what One' whoao nr.mo I don't caro to mention in a yarn, said of a certain big ninner ; and the same msy bo said of Tom—' Ho dona what ho oould,' . Education is often valued, not for itself, but merely as a stepping-stono to wealth. Wo givo it to tho youug, and they tako it not bo much that thoy m.iy baoorae throuch it bolter, nobler, happier, and moro Useful men and women, as tucy may pain tho power of rising from a lowor to a highor station, from povovty to medioority, or from modioority to wealth. Thua tho education, that file them only to adorn a hurablo position happily and ' oontontedly, instead of cultivating ambitious longings, thnt ohoriBhos health and strength of body and filla tho mind with reaouroos for its own nativity and power for ito own dovolopinont, without any direct roferenao to amaaoing a fortune, ia too often nealeoted for narrower aud shallower instruction. Ia not Iho wind moro than tho purao ? Shall wo poll tho one to fill tho othor, or shall wo rathor epena freely of our gold to build up tho intol. lent, to onltivato' tho taste, to fortify tho. priuoipleB? ,., ' u 