NORTH BERRY JERRY. (FROM A TRAVELLING CORRESPONDENT.) Berry Jerry is the land of the " Forest Devil," but it must not be argued from this simple fact that Satan perambulates our forests, or is more powerful here than elsewhere. I certainly prefer the term " stump extractor;" but it must be borne in mind that the hideous being with cloven hoof, nascent-horns. and caudal appendage, is a remnant of darker days—one of those embodi- ments that will speedily pass away. Would that our many prejudices were equally on the wane— that bigotry and superstition, like Satan, were but idle words on the tongues of the ignorant, and that broad, manly, comprehensive toleration stalked untrammelled through the length and breadth of the land. In this particular, however, Australia leads the van. A "jump-plough" has been purchased by Mr. J.Swaysland, and appears to answer the purpose for which it was constructed. As its name indicates it jumps over hidden stumps, emulating, the kangaroo leapingover every obstacle, although I doubt if it would take a wire-fence. Mr. A.Stinson of Pine Hill, recently purchased 16000 two-tooth sheep, being a mob that was in transit from Uley. The Kindra School, near Mr. Cutler's is a disgrace to the Department of Public Instruc- tion and should be enlarged forthwith. Not a day passes but some child returns home sick from the enforced confinement and the increas- ing heat will only tend to complicate matters. Special trains can be run in every direction upon the slightest provocation, and at immnse cost to the State, but innocent little children, our future men and women who in their turn must soon bear the heat of the day are made to en- dure its burden before their time through official routine or departmental neglect. The approach- ing school holidays should see a new school- house at Kindra. Out of consideration for your many readers, I have abstained from talking weather, but now ? ? to flood the ? ? unfortunately, instead of rain, which means that we are much in need of a speedy downpour. The grain is ripening too quickly and a shower ? also ? the dangers of bush- fires. 