23 istrict Netos. From our.own Correspondent. NORTHAMPTON, January 4th. Sleepy" Northampton has been quite lively since my last. On the 10th ult., a moderately filled excursion train left here for Geraldton and returned all right, the- same night. Twice, the number would have gone to see the races if the course whs not so tar out of town. A three mile walgxwiih the thermometer at xus in tne snaae . particularly inviting. Our farmers are all busy reaping: just now, the yield is very good. When does Mr. T. Bulges intend to pat his mill into working order again 7 It is decidedly a one-horse arrangement sending grain by train to Geraldton, thenpe ,by team to the mill at tbe Greenough, then paying freight .on floor back here again, afiietance altogether of nearly nine ty miles? : - : r - " On Thursday the 17th ult., the members of the DistrictBqard . -of - Education examined the echolarsf'at the G/overnmeut school and next day distributed — thanks to the well-known liberality/ of Mrs. Bulges and other leading residents — a. prize to every boy and girl attend ing the school.: . Lady Broome also forwarded a very handsome workbox -fitted up by herself with everything requisite, to hie given to the -best girl at sewing. This prize fell to a very" smart, young girl named Miss Cory. Such acts a? these tend to make Lady Broome very popular." For some unaccountable reason the lady members of the Board would not allow -the betrowsered members or visitors to'- examine the said articles." I must congratulate Mr. Hasleby the master, on the evident progress made by his . scholars, particularly those in the highest stand ard. - T. . . . .. TheLo a1 Court waishddion the2l8t of December before tl fi-G-tvernn eat Resident and S. Mitchell, Sjsq., J. r As -the "public do not take much in-, "forest imthse petty debts proceedings 1 will not trouble j bn with details. One of the defendants - however was somewhat amusing and is evidently what is commonly styled a "dry old stick." When asked; by the solicitor whether he had any stock said, " Yes 1 have eight and thcr/a some on 'em, " pointing to some plump looking children in Court . Seigt Patton also brought home a case of supplying natives with drink. As the fing was £50. and the -costs very heavy, this jolly old boy" will think twice before he goes in for asimilar spree again I should imagine. TheT GvQ. M- was here on a visit for a few days at 'Christmas, so yon may be sore carol singers did not jiass Cbiverton Honse without getting their whistle well wetted. I pitied some of their-beads-ihe -next morning, a mixture of beer, champagne, and whisky not being the best drink forW clear brain next day. This must be a glorious time for the publican's I shouldimagine, my- brother's son polished off eight long filee vers in about a couple of hours on Christmas eve, bat there, he is a true chip off the old block. By tbe bye, I bear complaints that the -brewery cannot keep the snpply np to the demand,- why is this tthos? That was an exceedingly brave man to tackle matrimony on the 23rd ult., "with the thermome ter at 105 in the shade,- we - must certainly have that man in our local army, but then as onr lead ing viliiage singer has it "Love it is a very fanny thing. " On tbe 26th ult, a ttain full of excursionists arrived - to witness oar Athletic sports which went off first rate, exeeptingone contretemps in the riiape of oar Irish jfriends getting np some private sports that were not on the programme, which resulted in a little claret spilling and afterwards a neatly worded invitation on bine paper. Joking apart the sports were a great success and I think that Hust Cripps will agree with me, judging by the " Marines " ipiled np outside the Miner's Arms Hotel. A yonng fellow from Geraldton named Smith who wore a regular athletic rig carried off the beBt prizes. The young Drews were also very good although not so successful as usnaL The Traffic Manager at the reqnest of the ladies — and he. would be a bear to refuse them— detained the train an extra half hour and all got safely away on the return trip at half past eight. On the 29th our volnnteers bad their prize firing competion and were favored with a nice cool breeze nearly all the day, but the sun was very powerful. The best shot wae Private Yin cent who won a valuable double- barrelled gun, a present from their popular Captain. JYith practice our corps will turn out Bome first class shots. Of course a newly formed eompany can not be expected to 6how so good an average as our sister corps at Geraldton, bnt all things con sidered .they. did remarkably well. On their return from the butts they were dismissed for an hour and then at six o'clock reformed and < marched to the Working Men's Hail, where thirteen handsome prizes were distributed to the successful competitors by Mis. T. Barge? a lady whom we one and all esteem and love for her great liberality and ever ready willingness to come forward on these oecasions. After the dis- -tributien the corps marched to the Railway Hotel where a sumptuous dinner was partaken -of by over forty Volnnteers and their gnests. The health of the Volunteers was proposed in the usual happy style by Mr. Wittenoom who -caused considerable merriment by telling an /appropriate anecdote re " who shot the dog." The toast was ably responded to by Captain Mitchell who after explaining sundry matters as to tbe young corps and its financial affairs, also told a very amusing story of a Cornish corps being driven Off the field of battle by a formida ble enemy in the shape of a swarm of bees. After Mr. T. Barges had responded .to the toast of visitors in a very neat speech in which he promised to assist tne volunteers to toe utmost of his power, and Mr. Samuel Barges in a short -ditto for the ladies, Mr. L. C. Barges rose and madewhat Captain Mitchell rightly termed the best speech of the evening, if not the best it certainly contained most sterling value as it con sisted of a promise of a yearly donation of £5 to the Company's funds. I echo the remark of a red coated gent alongside of me ' And good luck to ye." After all the good things which had been provided by Mrs. Hosken in her best 6tyle bad been disposed of, tables were cleared and glancing was kept up nntil the small hoars, and <' "thus ended one of the mo6t enjoyable days we have ever passed in Northampton. Let us hope this was the first of a series. We have been greatly troubled with bush'fires since my last. Mr. Baxter had a very narrow escape indeed from losing all his wheat and bay. as it was only after great exertion be and hiB ten men just stopped the flames when within a few yards of his bay stack. All Mr. T. Barges' hands have been dally engaged "beating out the fires, even on Christmas Day the poor fellows were workiug like slaves under the broiling son I think Mr. Burges most be a thorough good master or his hands would never have worked as they have-done daring the past fortnight. Pnm< nl/i tin nfoin Havirmr lina waef majority since my last, it is sad to think that we shall never see his genial well known face again. The 1st of January passed off very quietly, there was only a few scratch sports at the Miners Arms." On the 2nd the Wesleyans had a most success ful tea-meeting, tlianks to the liberality of Mrs. Bulges, Captain Mitchell and other ladies who provided trays. When I state tbat Mrs. T. Bulges took an active part in the matter, every one knows (that it was bound to be a success. Like Wellington Mrs. Barges does not know what failure means, the room was crowded, the tables were ditto with tbe best of everything, and everyone was, to use "a (vulgar expression, fuUup, and there was enough left to feed our local armyafter a days march besides. On the following afternoon the Rev. M. Bullas conduct ed a service for the risiDg generation and the Sunday School prizes were then distributed by Mr. Mitchell. We are all very sorry to hear that the Rev. H. Laurence intends shortly to leave for home, he Is one of those earnest, unassuming," good men, and one whom we can ill spare. Snch men as him are (like the plums in a boarding school podding) few and for between. He is none of your long sonr faced sanctimonius animals who try to make people think that religion and every ththg connected with it should be treated as a sad gloomy business, and tbat to laugh or enjoy youreelf in a reasonable manner on a Sunday is a crime of the first magnitude. I was once in a certain hotel among6t half-a-dozen friends when this said gentleman walked into the room and one of the company " to get rid of tbe parson, " continued the joking and singing in the expect ation that he would retire in disgust, but he was greatly taken in when Mr. Laurence instead of making tracks recited one of the most side-split- ting stories in verse, of an Irish wedding — or marriage I forget which — that I ever listened to. Perhaps he will yet change his mind and remain but if it is not to be, we can only hope that our loss will be his gain. . Now that a controversy is going on in Perth and elsewhere re the observance of Sunday, per haps yon will permit me to make a few remarks on the snbject. In my humble opinion both Cath olic and Protestant countries are in the wrong, the one treats the Sunday as a day for ball fights attending theatres, horse-racing, &c.;, &c.;, and the other as a day of gloomy sadness, as if they had all lost their dearest friend on earth. The child in one country rises on Sunday morning all smiles and happineBS thinking of the' ball or opera he or she is going to that night, and the other dons Jthe black clothes and feels sad and miserable well knowing that even a loud langh will be reproved, and that the day must be passed in going to church or chapel two or even three times, and in perhaps setting at the win dow the rest of the day reading a good'book, or more likely thinking what a miserable world this is. What can be more wretched than the life ofjLondon children whose parents are — orwho try to make people think they are — religious, for they are little or no better than slaves. Shop or school all the week, and long faces and church on Sunday. What we want is the happy medi um. Let as say church or chapel in the morning and the rest of the day for innocent amnsement and I am glad to sec by the papers that a certain brave young lady in London is doing (vast good by holding musical meetings on Sunday after noons where people can meet and partake of re freshments and read the papers or liBten to first class music and singing instead of hanging abont the public houses or sitting down longing for Monday morning. Will anyone in this colony be brave enough to follow this lady's ex ample 7 