THE WEATHER. The Clerk of the Weather, on Sunday be haved in a manner as, we fear, is not likely to impress new-comers very favorably with our climate ; but to the credit of the sometimes very erratic personage iust named it must be remembered that the high temperature which prevailed all day and far into the night was largely due, not to the solar rays, but the bush-fires which raged in every direction, both in the Darling ranges and stretching along the coast- plain for many miles north and south. That, however, to use a very unscientific, yet very common, phrase tiie sun was ?rwarm'on Sunday, there can be no disput ing. Indeed we have it on goodauthoritv that it was the warmest day that has been experienced in Western Australia forthe past twenty years. A light easterly wind blew from early morning, and as the day advanced ttie temperature of the atmo sphere steadily but most perceptibly in creased; tbe thermometer registered 94 deg before eleven o'clock ; shortly after aoonit had reached to 103 deg., and still rising - at u. nine oeiorecwo p.m. it marked 112 dees, there was scarcely any wild, and the slightest bodily effort seemed an infliction. However, ttie wind soon afterwards hauled to the southward, and later on a moderate sea-breeze set in, which had ttie effect of reducing the temperature considerably in a very short time. The mercury had fallen to 16 deg. at 9 p.m., but as the even ing owre on the wind fell, and a very close, uncomfortable sight was passed. At sun rise on Monday last the therommeter marked 90 degs., which seemed to BUggest that another Aas at nlmnef. n-iiuui_-u. 1. ? «. was in store for us. This fear was, bow ever, soon dispelled by the wind rfmnging from east into the Boutfaern quadrant and blowing steadily from that point, and although the weather uras still cloudy and somewhat close and oppressive, it wa6 at least bearible— and that is scarcely what it was on Sunday, and indeed on more than one day towards the close of last week. The forecast is favorable to an early fall oE rain, with thunder, and, rery probably, cooler weather for some little time. The thermoinetrieai records given above are of course those indicated by an instalment suspended in the shade — in a verandah, with a free current of air all round and out of the direct influence ot the sun. The thermometer exposed to the sun stood ^s nigh, probably, as 150 degs. at noon on Sanday. Testetday morning a nice fall of rain occurred, and the drought appears to have at length broken np. 