The Bush Fires Relief Movement. MEETING OF THE CAMPERDOWN COMMITTEE. THE usual weekly meeting of the Camperdown committee was held on Monday night at the Mechanics Institute. Present:—Rev. W. Thomson in the chair, Messrs. J. Wiggins, R. W. Barlow, T. Down, J. Stevenson, Upton, A. Hender- son and the hon. sec, (Mr. F. Rae.) The minutes of previous meeting were read and confirmed. The chairman reported on behalf of the "Clothes Distribution Committee," having met, and with the help of Mrs. Nelson, of Cowley's Creek, having made the clothes up in suitably sized parcels. They had sent away as many of these as they could, and he understood that most of the parcels had reached their destina- tion. He had sent post cards to the various recipients giving the necessary information as to where the parcels could be obtained. There were some who might not be in a position to call or send for the parcels, and he asked that the sub-committee should give permission to go to the expense of forwarding them in such cases. The chairman referred to the valuable assistance rendered the sub-com- mittee by several ladies. The hon. secretary stated that Ross, one of the recipients, had forwarded a receipt from the Wimmera, where he was now working, for his cheque. In refer- ence to Hurley's case, he reported having gone to Geelong, and made satisfactory arrangements with regard to Hurley's in- debtedness to that firm. On the motion of Mr. J. Wiggins, seconded by Mr. J. Stevenson, the com- mittee fully endorsed the secretary's action in this matter, and instructed him to settle the claim on the basis agreed to. It was reported that fire claims which had previously been removed from the list had been re- instated as follow:— Morris £15, Port £15, Baulsch £10 12s 6d, Rowlands £5, Tregea £7 10s. A letter was read from John Middleton with reference to his claim, and asking if anything more was coming to him out of the fund. The hon. secretary stated that Middleton's claim had been reduced by official reports to £25, and of this amount he had already been paid £12 10s. Mr. R. Haig wrote asking that his claim should be re-instated on the list, giving as his reasons that some who were receiving relief were making very bad use of it, whilst the fund had greatly exceeded the proportions he supposed it would attain. The writer urged that his losses had been very heavy, and asked for re- consideration of his claim. Mr. J. Wiggins considered that Mr. Haig had no claim on the funds whatever, He appeared to be a man who was in a good position, and had a helpful family. The secretary explained that if the claim previously lodged by Haig had been allowed to remain on the list, it would have been either allowed or struck out by the committee, and in the latter case it would have been now re-instated with the others. Mr. J. Wiggins thought that many of the cases already considered were more deserving, and that some claims should be increased rather than that new ones should be placed on the list. It was stated that there were in all three cases in which claims had been withdrawn, viz., Haig, Ashton and Taylor. In connection with these it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. J. Wiggins, to con- vene a special meeting of the whole committee for the purpose of dealing with the matter of re-instating them on the list or otherwise. It was also agreed to make this special meeting the final one if possible. A letter was read from W. Galloway, Elingamite, in which the writer urged his claims to more generous treatment by the committee.— No action taken. The following accounts were presented and passed for payment on the motion of Mr. J. Wiggins, seconded by Mr. A. Henderson :— T. and W. Down, £6 16s 2d; Stevenson and Henderson, £4 4s; M'Qualter, £7 13s 6d; Hackland and Co., £7 7s 3d. A letter was read from L. F. Keogh, of Brucknell, forwarding a statement of his losses by the fire, the total amounting to upwards of £1400.— On the motion of Mr. J. Wiggins, seconded by Mr. A. Hender- son it was decided to consider the case at the special meeting to be convened. The hon. secretary stated there was another matter he desired to bring before the committee, and that was with reference to the statements made by some of the sufferers that Mr. Holland had not finished some of the houses properly. He might mention that in each instance he had been supplied with the certificates from the owners to the effect that the houses had been finished in a workmanlike manner, and on these certificates the contractor had been paid. It was only fair to the contractor that this fact should be publicly stated. On the motion of Mr. Rae, seconded by Mr. Barlow, a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the ladies who so kindly assisted at the distribution of the clothes. The hon. secretary reported that all the houses were finished. A letter was here handed in from Archibald M'Ewen, asking for permission to put in a claim for losses by the recent bushfires. It was decided to consider the application, with others, at the meeting already referred to. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. 