MR E. MURPHY AT THE EASTERN TOWN HALL. Mr Edward Murphy, who is a candidate for Ballarat East, addressed a large and en thusiastic meeting at the Town Hall, Bal larat East, last evening. The building was crowded, and Mr \V. Scott, Mayor of the Town, occupied the chair. There were also on the platform Messrs Curthoys, Fitzgerald, O’Dea, Phelan, R. T. Hager,* Gabbett, Noonan, Fitzpatrick, Eddy, Day, and other gentlemen. The chairman, in introducing the candi date, said that in addressing the meeting in the hall on the previous night he had asked them to give the candidates a fair and im partial hearing. On that occasion they had gentlemen who had been accustomed to ad dressing large assemblages. He hoped they would give Mr Murphy an impartial hear ing, and that they would remember that it was a diflicnlt matter to address a large meeting on the first occasion. (Applause.) He would ask them not to interrupt, and any question they desired to put the candi date would answer after he had spoken. (Applause.) Mr Murphy, who was received with cheers, said he was well known to most of them, and had taken an active interest in every public matter for years past. He conse quently needed to make no apology in coining before them to seek their suf frages to place him as their representative in the Legislative Assembly. (Applause ) He would not refer to the past, but to declare that Parliament after Parliament had neglected the mining interests of the colony through the want of proper miners’ representatives; and he felt himself bound to come forward to do his utmost to move the powers that be to take a little more interest in that respect. (Applause.) He would refer, as a mining man, to the pros pecting grant, which was dealt out more like a charity vote than anything else. A placelike Ballarat, that had produced such an immense amount of gold, got a miserable paltry sum for prospecting purposes and to develop their resources at deeper levels than yet tried. He thought it was a disgrace to any Government. (Hear hear, and applause.) Again, in reference to the workshops ques tion. He had been fighting that question for the last six years. The Government had no hesitation in granting £223,000 for work shops at Newport, but it was a very difficult thing to get a paltry £30,000' for the country, and out of that sum they might jfit £12,000 or £lO,OOO for a place like Bal larat. (Applause.) He had takeu a very active part in reference to the important question of decentralisation. As matters were at present they had to go bogging to Melbourne for every little thing they might require in Ballarat or any other country constituency. It was a dis grace that they' should have to go on their knees whenever they had any little request to make for a place like Ballarat (Applause.) He (the speaker) had been asked whether he would support the Coali tion Government. After judging and analys ing their acts he certainly did not approve of them. (Hear, hear.) The coalition had passed more foolish measures than any Government that preceded them. Take forex ample, the Judicature Act, which rather com plicated matters and law and made it all the worse for the poor man who fell into the hands of the barristers and attorneys. An instance had occurred in which a man sued in the County Court for £23, and his law costs to recover that sum amounted to some £2l odd. That was a sample of one of the Acts of the Coalition Government. (Ap plause.) _ As to the Public Service Act, which, it was said was intended to bring about the abolition of political patronage, under it the working 1 , hoes of the service had no show whatever. The heads of the departments might walk about, but the poor unfortunate working bees had no chance to improve their position. That was a matter that should be amended. (Applause.) The new Licensing Act again was a disgrace to any civilised people. (Hear, hear.) He would read them an extract from a respectable English journal, the'J/ccjj cltcsler Post, ooucerniugit. Itwasasfollows:— “ The Victorian Legislature is now engaged in debating anew Licensing Bill, and some of its piovisions arc peculiar. It posi tively prohibits the employment of females behind the bars of hotels, owing to the immorality of some of them, and because the language used'by The men in these places 5s not fit for women to hear. It is alsopro vided that no drink must be: served on Sunday to prevent' the cities and towns being overrun with drunken ‘men aud immoral ■ women. The want of such legislation plainly . shows that the Australian colonists have not yet lost the old convict element, nor got rid of the taint.” This was the opinion expressed concerning one of the Acts of the late Coalition Govern ment. (Applause.) He was thoroughly op posed to a Coalition Government, because he believed a strong Opposition made sound legislation. (Applause.) Amongtheotheracts passed by the Coalition wasTucker’sLand Act. By it the inheritance of the people had been alienated. The land legislation of the colony needed improvement. As far as the closed roads were concerned, for instance, it lay in the power of any Minister for the time being to sell the roads. The squatters never paid anything for the use of the roads they en closed, but the poor struggling selector had to pay his lent. (Applause.) That was not fair. (“No,” and applause.) He was in favor of an absentee tax. (Applause.) Men who who were rolling in wealth, drawing large incomes from this country, and living out in England, should pay their fair share to the revenue of the colony. (Applause.) He was also in favor of an income tax on a proper basis. (Applause). The poor people of the colony already contributed enough to the revenue. (Applause). Although he did not pretend to be a speaker he had taken an active part in many public matters, aud had worked to bring the diamond drill to Balla rat. He thought, however, that instead of confining the bores to shallow depths they should go down to, say 2000 feet. (Applause). Before long he hoped they would have a diamond drill to explore and develop the deep hidden treasures in Ballarat East. (Interruption, and cries of “Chuck him out,” “Sit on him,”&e.;) The speaker, continuing, went on to refer to the Education Act, which was the law of the laud, and it was not his in tention to interfere with it. (Applause.) Although there was no machinery ever in vented that did not require improvement, the fundamental principle he would not under any circumstances interfere with. (Loud applause.) But if at any future time, if the majority of the House were in favor, ho would go in for giving justice to all parties, and he believed they would like him better in the long run. (Applause.) The speaker concluded amid applause. In reply to questions, Mr Murphy said ho would allow State school teachers to preach in places of public worship outside of State schools. Everyone should have the right to worship God after his own manner. (Ap lause.) He had not stated when speaking at the Half-way House, that he was opposed to the Education Act, and that he would sup port the Catholic claims. (Applause.) *He was in favor of having' English history taught in the State schools. (Applause.) It was outrageous that men over 35 years of age, some of the men who made the colony, should he debarred from entering the Civil Service. (Applause.) In reply to a ques tion as to whether, since Mr James hud become the Minister of Mines, the candidate thought he would be able to do more for the mining interest than Mr James, Mr Murphy said that, judging from the past, ho thought so. Mr James had done nothing for the mining interest. (Loud ap plause.) He (the speaker) had done mure for mining in two years than John James in IB years. (Loud applause.) He was not in favor of local option. He would increase the mining vote, if he had his will, to £lOO,OOO. (Applause.) He was in favor of a tax on bachelors over 25. (Laughter.) He favored the imposition of an export duty on frozen meat. (Hear, hear.) Ho was not in favor of an increase in the number of mem bers of the Lower House, as there were quite enough already. He was in favor of asking the Government to remit one or tiro years' rent to the unfortunate sufferers by the late bush-fires. (Applause.) He believed in the federation of the colonies under one grand Hag. He was in favor of paying coroners’ juries, because no man should he taken from his work and get no remuneration. (Ap plause.) He would support the appointment of a Ballaiat East man as returning officer for Ballarat East. (Hear, hear.) He would lie in favor of opening the closed roads. He did not see why they in Ballarat had not the same privilege as in Melbourne, and ho would support the running of Sunday tiains to places around Ballarat. (Applause.) Hu was in favor of limited Sunday trading, and, if they offended after the fixed time, he would have them severely punished. (Ap plause.) Mr George Smith moved a vote of confi dence in the candidate, stating that Mr Murphy was the first man who had raised the question of decentralisation in the country districts. He had been among the first who had taken steps to try and get work shops in Ballarat and been the first to obtain' a diamond drill for Ballarat. (Applause.) His energy and ability bad been of good use in local matters and were a guarantee that he would serve the constituency well as their representative. (Applause.) Mr James Eddy, in seconding the motion, said Mr James had neglected his duty as their repre sentative, anil had done nothing but feather his own nest. Sixteen years ago Mr James was the first man to oust Duncan Gillies, and now he was coalescing with him. The mo tion was then put to tliu meeting, about two thirds voting for it, while less than a dozen hands were held up in opposition. A vote of thanks was passed to the chair, and the meeting broke up with cheers for the candidate. 