LAW COURTS. MOUNT BARKER LOCAL COURT* Tuesday, Juite 15. [Before Messrs. W. G. McCullagh, S.M., A. W. Richardson and T. H. Stephenson, JJ.P., and a jury of four.] Wiisteab v. Korbee.—The plea in this ease was as follows i—The plaintiff is the proprietor in possession of Sections 4094 and 4096 in the I Hundred of Onkaparinga containing about 88 acres, which are used by the plaintiff for grazing and other purposes. The defendant, about the 17th of March, 1886, caused to be lighted a fire on liia block of land in the said Hundred, and which block is adjacent to the " plaintiff's land. The fire escaped from the said block and entered into the plaintiff's land, and did great damage and injury to the plaintitf.s property, and burnt ] and destroyed the plaintiff's fencing, posts, rails, wire and timber, grass, and other vegetable matter growing thereon ; thereby preventing the plaintiff from baring the said land and the use thereof for the purposes to which it was usually applied, and otherwise causing the plaintiff great injury, damage and loss. The plaintiff expended his own time and that of his servants, and had to pay money to other persons who assisted him in and about the said fire in attempting to extinguish and arrest the progress of the same. The plaintiff alleges that the defendant wrong fully lighted and kept the said fire in such a careless, negligent and improper manner on days when the wind and weather rendered it highly dangerous and improper so to do, and that by reason of the negligence, carelessness, and improper conduct of the defendant and his servants, and for want of due and proper care and caution on his and their part, the said fire | escaped and extended itself out of the said block, and entered into and upon the plaintiff's said lands, and then and there caused the damage, ' injury and loss complained of by the plaintiff, j The plaintiff claims £48 lis. for damages. j Mr. Acraman for plaintiff, Mr. L. von Doussa for defendant. Christian Wilstead, Government Inspector, Mallala, deposed—Have property at Grunthal, j about 89 acres altogether. My property wob burnt on March 19th. I came down from Mallala on April 2lst and saw the site of the j fire next day. I examined the scene of the lire. I sent a note to Mr. Korber. Kovber came to see me on Good Friday. We had a conversation about the fire, and I asked him what compen sation he intended to give me. Mr. Korber's son, who was present, said it was not caused through their fire, which was lighted on March 18th, that it was out that night and there was no fire next morning. Korber asked me what I intended to do. Korber's son said he would not. mind putting a bit of fencing up. I examined the tract burnt, and I reckon the damage at £48 I lis. There were 200 new posts stacked in the | paddock burnt, at £1 10s. a hundred, they would be worth £3. Fifteen cords of firewood at 5s., £3 j 15s. There were 100 used posts 15s., and 150 ■ rails 18s. There were 26 chains of wire fence damaged £5 5s., and compensation for expenses in travelling, &e.;, £10. 1 paid £2 Os. 8d. in fares, and lost eight days' wages £3 5s. My son has bad to come to Mount Barker several times. He lost four days at 7s. a day. 1 can't say that I was put to extra trouble in consequence of the fire. I have had to pay lor gruziug cattle, and to buy chaff and hay because of the fire. My wife is in charge in my absence and my son Henry manages outside. There were 16 acres of grass land burnt, at 7s. 6d. an acre £6. 29 acres of scrub and grass at 4s. an acre £5 16s. There j was good grass when I saw it at Christmas. Cross-examined—John Korber did not say " Why didn't you have an inquest ? Constable Martin wanted you to hare one." He merely said there should have been an inquest, and 1 said it might not. he too late then. I saw and measured the firewood at Christmas. I don't know of my own knowledge that there was any grass on the land. I measured the laud burnt. There was 16 acres of grass, and 29 acres scrub and grass. David McKiuIay, gardener, Grunthal, deposed —Remember the Grunthal fire. I helped to put J it out.. Saw the defendant at the fire. Don't j recollect that he said anything to me about the fire that day. Mr. Korber said he lit a fire the s day before, but not on that day. The big fin was on a. Friday. Have seen the property damaged. The fencing damaged can be put up for £7 19s.—splitting and putting up. Cross-examined—There were 24 posts destroyed in the wire fence. There was a little grass about ■ in March. Lund must, be very good to be worth 7s. 6d. per acre per annum for grass, llon't know of any other fires in the neighborhood that day. By Court—Part of plaintiff's land adjoins defendant's, there is a wire fence between. Could not estimate the damage done and could give no idea of it. Henry Christian Wilstead, son of plaintiff, i deposed—Manage my father'e property at Grun thal in his absence. Made a rough plan of the j premises (produced and put in). The part of j our section next to Korber's is burnt. My father has come down twice (including this) in conse- , quence of the fire. I have examined the property burnt. Assisted my father in measuring ground ; and counting posts. Assess the total damage at J about £50 if everything was put in. The fire travelled from Korber's into Latty's section and i then into ours. Korber gave no notice that I know of that he was going to burn. I was net ■ home on the day of the fire. I oame on the afternoon of the next day. Preston watched the fire for some days to prevent it spreading. He i is employed by me. Cross-examined.—My father and I did not make the values together. We made inde pendent valuations. I put them in the book (produced). I did not know what my father's total was when I wrote mine down. "They are exactly alike. Mr. Acraman gave rue the item i £10 for compensation. The history of the fire was entered on the opposite page of the diary, j although it took place six weeks afterwards. The entries wete not made on the same day. My father j estimated the grass burnt. We didn't keep our cattle all the year round on our land. They were Bometimes on the Company's section. The fire wouldn't have hurt if it burnt, the scrub only. Edgar Pellew, aged about 12, deposed.— Kemember Friday, March 19, and saw the fire at Korber's block next to Mr. Wilstead's at about. 7 a.m. Could see the smoke. My grandfather j (Mr. Gregory) was with me. He is out of the j colony. Saw the fire again about 8 o'clock. Couldn't see the flame for the trees. Saw it at j 10 and 2 o'clock. At two it was in Mr. Wil stead's ground, I was less than a quarter of a mile away. Cross-examined.—My grandfather went to Queensland a month ago. Dont know whether the Wilaleads knew grandfather saw the fire. The letter {produced) is in my grandfather's i writing. fit told Mr. Wilstead he was sub- : pamaed by the other side, and would have to speak tlie truth. It was dated May 6], Martha Pellew, mother of last witness,' deposed.—The fire started from Mr. Korber's on Friday March 19. Korbers lit the fire on the . afternoon of March 18. Saw it about 7 on the next morning, when it was smouldering. None j of the Korbers were watching it, nor was there anyone else in Korber's block. Next noticed it between 16 and 12, when the butcher was at iny place. It was biasing with a high wind. It was beginning to spread, and then I saw it go on to the adjoining property, and round the land rented by us. It burnt the whole of the side of the hill, and we had to protect our own fence. It burnt a good bit of Korber's land, but more of ! Wilstead's. The part of Wilstead's property which was first burnt adjoined Korber's. It was a hot day with a high wind. The fire at Korber's j was burning at 11 o'clock on Thursday night There was no other fire that I saw. Cross-examined—1 was at my own house on \ Thursday night at ll o'clock. My house is a : little in from the main road. I was the length of a block with a river intervening from the fire Could distinguish one block from another over the fennel on the river bauk. I saw tire fences by the light of the fire. There were loose, dry ' leaves burning. Did not cross the river in the j morning. There Were no trees bet jveeu me and ] }he fire. There are trees around where the fire ! started. Don't know Hoddiuott's block. It is on the pame side of the river and extending to the river. Didn't hear anyone shooting that morning. Mr. Wilstead didn't Lear of the five ] through me. Told no one till now, and have not spoken a word to my boy about tbe fire, lly paddock was not harmed by the fire. My hus band and my father went to Charters Tower together. My father would know something to 1 benefit Korber. My father Led the same means of | ■observation that I had. He wrote letter (pro dueed). Saw Korber and several of his sons j about lire on the 18th. By Court.—The Korbers were picking up wood they had been grubbing; they were in the pad* dock when the fire was lit. Edward Fitzgerald, employed by H. A. Monks, ] butcher.—Saw the fire burning in Korber's i garden on Friday, March 19 between, 12 and 1 o'clock. When he first saw the fire it was about seven yards from the division fence between Korber's and Wilstead's. Cross-examined.—Know the blocks at Gruen thal. Have never been on Korber's block. Couldn't point out the blocks on the plan with out the names. [At this stage the hearing was adjourned till 2 o'clock.} | Ellen Luke, single woman.—First saw the fire i between 8 and 10 on the Thursday night, and saw j it at 9 next morning. Saw it again between 12 and 1. It was spreading from Mr. Korber's into the next ground (Mr. Wilstead's). Know the j blocks well. The division fences were burning. ' Saw two or three men in Korber's block as it was spreading. Don't know who they were. The i fire Was large then. Cross-examined.—Was by Korber's house on the main road, and near the fence of the pad dock where the fire was on March 19. I was on the opposite side of the river from the file. There were some Fruit trees bet ween. The land ' on the other side of the river is divided into many paddocks. Be-examined.—Korber's block, on which the fire started, can be plainly seen from the road, which is higher thau the paddock. John Nicholas Toms.—Saw the fire on the ' 19th, but did not know on whose block it was. Cross-examined.—Am not certain the fire was in Korber's paddock. JameB Wilstead. son of plaintiff, deposed.— Helped to put out the fire on March 19 just after dinner (12 o'clock). Korber was running up add down between the trees like a madman. He j was in No-man's section (Mr. Storch's). His . sons took him home. Cross-examined.—Only saw one fire that day. The fires on Korber's land and No Man's Land were connected. The wind changed and brought it mi to our place. Didn't say to Korber " let 1 it rip ; our paddock wants burning out j it will help the grass." There was good grass in all our paddocks. Our cows were grazed in Johnston's before the fire. It was usual for my father to come home at Easter time. Stephen White, Gruuthal, gardener, deposed— j Have had a good deal of experience in fencing. I It would take Is. fid. a rod to put up 116 panels of post and rail fencing if the timber was there, or 2s. if the timber bad to be provided and carted. Never put up any wire fence. To find the posts and erect them with the wire they would be worth Sd. to lOd. New posts are worth 25s. I a 100, split on the ground. It would cost about 8s. a chain to mend the wire fence. ! Cross-examined.—Only saw* one wire fence , damaged where 30 posts were burnt. Did not see any 26 chains of wire fence damaged. There was only a little grass where the ground was not burnt. Saw it before Easter. I Mu. von Douasa, in opening the case for the ; defence, said it was established in law that even ' if a person took all the precautions required by the Bush Fires' Act, he was responsible if a9 a j consequence of his act the property of bis neigh* hours was destroyed. He submitted, however, thnt. the tedions evidence for the plaintiff—which neither bad the merit of clearness nor consecutive order—did not definitely trace the origin of the j fire to Korber. This point must be made appa* j rent beyond doubt before the jury could saddle j the defendant with damages. The plaintiff being at Mallula knew nothing of the origin of the fire, and MeKinlay and II. C. Wilsted did nothing to ] ' point it out. Edgar Pellew, whom he compli mented on his straightforward manner, came I nearer to the point, but he saw nothing but : | smoke over the tree tops. The evidence of Mrs Pellew must be taken with caution, because she admits that Gregory, who saw as,well as herself, knew something to Korber's advantage. There : was something very suspicious in the way Gre gory offered bis evidence to. Korber and subse quently disappeared to Queensland. He asked the jury to believe, on plaintiff's ease that there] was no fire on Korber's laud on March 19, and he would clearly prove that there was not by the J testimony he would nail himself. The plaintiff's | case may have thrown suspicion on Korber, but there was ne definite evidence that ho lighted the fire. The younger Wilstead said there was a I connection bet ween the fire in Korber's paddock | and that which passed over Wilstead's, but if | this had been tlio case, there would have been independent, testimony on the point. The evi I deuce for the defence would show that Korber burnt rubbish on March 18th, but that the fires were extinguished the same night. It will also be proved that someone was shooting among the ' dry undergrowth near Wilstead's an the morning of the 19th. It was natural when a bushfire damaged property for the owner to look about for some one to blame. He was confident, how ever, that in the present case the jury would be unable to trace the origin of the fire to liis client. John Korber, son of defendant, deposed—On March 18th assisted my father in burning rubbish. My brother Charles was there too. Wc cut bushes from the dead stumps in one patch and burnt them. Left the fire at 8.30 p.m. and went to tea. There was one stump smouldering then. We threw dirt over it before going to tea. Went back after tea but saw no fire or smoke. Threw more earth on the stump to make sure. The rest of the fire was out. Passed the paddock twice the next day before the big fire started. There was no smoke or fire apparent there then. The stump was about nine inches through. It is still there as it was when I put the dirt over it. First saw the fire on tue 19th at 11.30 us I was coming from Hahndorf. Went down to it. It was in No Man's land about 11 chains from our boundary. The wind was blowing north west, in a different direction to the stump. There were ten yards cleared between our bounnary fence and where we were burning. There is no connection of burnt country between the stump and where the fire started. The stump is 28 yards inside our fence. Saw tbe stump on the morning of tbe 19th and it was out. Have been over area of fire. There were 21 posts of the I wire fence and 23 panels of post and rails burnt.. There was very little grass in the cleared paddock of Wilstead's and tbe fire did not go over it. The scrubby'part about tbe house burut. I was on a district road with James Wilstead at the corner of the homestead block. The wind had dropped and there was net much scrub uud we j could have got it out. James Wilstead said " Let tlie b—— fire go, the paddock wants ' burning out," so we did not go to work. The Wilsteads have & few horses and cows. The horses run iu Wood's block and the cows auy whefe they can go. Wilstead's block would not. j have kept Ave head of cattle for eight weeks. The &rat; intimation of a claim for damage was Wilstead's letter (produced) of April 22. Went, j to Wilstead with my father and asked him what ' he meant. Wilstead wanted us to put up the i fence and pay the damage. I said if he proved the fire came from as we would pay. I asked why they did not have an inquest, and Mrs Wilstead said they did not want one. She said Martin the trooper wanted to get up ail inquest but she would not. let him. There was about 25 ; acres burnt at Wilstead's, and should think £3 or £4 would cover t he lot. By Court.—It was heavy black soil we put on ' the stump. Have seen t he stump since. Cross-examined—Left home early on Friday morning—about 7 o'clock—and was away two hours each trip between Ambleside and Hahndorf. Timber often smoulders for days. Could 3ee the ' tracks of the fire. Cleared between (lie slump and our fence with a rake. Was over Wilstead'! place every week aud know as much about it as young Wilstead. Last saw the stump at 7 o'clock on Thursday night aud it could not have blazed ' again because it is the same now. There was nothing else burning. There are plenty of stumps in the same allotment. Charles Korber, another son, gave corroborat ive i evidence as to lighting fire and putting out the strtmp. Saw the fire on No Man's section next day at 11.30 a.m. Tbe fire could not. have started from the stump. He corroborated also as to James Wilstead's request to " let the fire ] S°" Alexander McKellar, son-in-law of defendant, deposed—Saw fire lighted and put out in Korber's paddock on the 18tb. The fire next day started i in No Man's section. Henry Korber, defendant, said—The fire we i burnt on the 18th was about a quarter of au acre j in extent. Saw it all out by 6.3d p.m. Went, across at 1 o'clock a.m. on the 19th and there was no fire. A fire started that day in No Man's land. My sons Johutiy, Charlie, aud X were the first there. The fire did not connect with my J paddock. Hare lived SO years in Grunthal and never Baw grass six inches long there. The < division fence said to be burnt was put up 35 years ago. Have not seen it for three years. j Gross-examined—Never gave Wilstead notice ' t was going to light a fire on Friday. There was nobody watching the fire I lit. My block cam be seen distinctly from the road. i Benjamin Butler Hoddinott, deposed:—Know Korber's paddock adjoining " No Man's Land." | On the morning of March 19,1 was in my garden near the Onkaparinga river, from 9 to 12.30. Gould see Korber's paddock, but noticed no fire j or smoke. Should have seen smoke if there had been any. Saw a fire about 12.30 and went across. It was about 100 yards from Korber's fence in No Man's Land and going on towards Willstead's. The wind was nearly due West. Heard some one shooting that morning. The ] country at that time was very inflammable. By Court.—Heard two shots fired in the direc tion ot No Man's Land. Have are plentiful there. August Sehutz, laborer, deposed—Valued the ! damage done at Willstead's shortly after the fire. There were 29 panels of fencing burnt. Saw one j fence lying down where it haB been many years. The fire had gone across but it didn't destroy any fence. The fire did not go over the clear laud at I the house block at Wilstead's. Know the land well as my brother once had it. The damage would be covered by £3. Saw a couple of heaps j of ashes, which I thought was waste of splitting, j burnt. If 200 posts were burnt would have seen the ashes. Cross-examined.—It would cost Is. a post to repair 29 panels of wire fencing. I put it up ten years ago. There was no now fencing burnt by the fire. A tree knocked down three or four , panels of the fence in Latter's section. Simpson James, gardener, was also called as a valuator. The damage done was 45 posts and 40 rails near Korber's. There wore 25 posts burnt ] in the wire fence. Assessed the damage at £3. Gross-examined.—There might have been fence burned that I did not see. Would repair I the fences for £3. Mb. von Donssi, in addressing the jury for i the defence, said the weakness of the plaintiff's case and the strength of the defendants must j ensure a verdict in his favor. Recently a similar I action was brought in Adelaide; in which damages were laid at £299, and the jury awarded £15, and this case appeared a similar speculation, as all the items were overvalued. Even if it j were clear that the plaintiff was entitled to a verdict, the damages must be assessed at a very much lower rate than the claim. All the evi dence went to show that the fire started in No Man's Land, and the witness Hoddinott gave a reasonable suggestion as to the cause. Plaintiff's witnesses did not agree with him as to the valua tion, and, as it was always made a rule to take the assessment of the witness most favorable to the other side, a great reduction would have to he made. There was no evidence of the existence of cords of wood or heaps of posts except by the plaintiff, who had not seen them for three months, and one of his sons. There was no evi dence either of the destruction of 26 chains of J wire fence except by the same mouths. The independent testimony of each side was in unison in respect to the damage except in regard to the | 1J6 panels of fencing, which was evidently identi cal with the old and prostrated division referred to by Sehutz and others. One of defendant's witnesses had, on oath, offered to make good the | damage for £3, and, even if Korber were answer able, that should be the amount of the verdict. The evidence with regard to the grass was all in favor of the defendant, and plaintiff's valuation was proved to he absurdly exorbitant. Even before the fire the cows were sent into Johnston's paddock. Ms. Aceaman, in putting the plaintiff's case before the jury, said the evidence in his favor was simple and straightforward. Helen Luke saw the fire cross from Korber's section, and other witnesses corroborated her testimony. If the | fire in the stump had been extinguished Mrs. Pellew and her son could not have seen it burn ing on Thursday night, or early on Friday. Of course defendant sougtit to escape the payment of damages, and he brought quite a family party into Court for that purpose, whereas most of the plaintiff's evidence was from disinterested persons., He submitted that iu none of the cases recently | decided against Mr, Sabine was the testimony clearer than in this. With regard to the amount ] of damages the evidence was as usual conflicting. Korber did'nt take his witnesses to all the injured fences. If defendant had complied with the requirements of the Bush Fires Act there would hare been no second fire. He only put out the stump, and laft the other debris burning. There could be no lamer hypothesis for the starting of i the fire than that of Hoddinott's. He thought : the reflections cast on Gregory were very unfair, J as the man had simply gone home. The infer once to be drawn from the letter was that ! Gregory knew Korber was guilty. The Wilsteads j were more likely to know the amount of injury done to their fence than anyone else, and it was ! not likely they would swear to the existence of the cords of wood and the rails if they were not i there. The valuation throughout—exeept with I regard to the grass—was very reasonable, and it • must be remembered that grass was valuable in j March. The claim (£10) for compensation was fair, considering the less of time and the expendi ture of money it covered. The defendant's case was intrinsically so poor that liis learned friend 1 addressed himself entirely to the question of damages. He asked the Court to put the follow- ] ing questions to the jury ;—(I) Did the damage! arise in consequence of Korber's act? (2) Did Korber take reasonable precautions P (3) What i amount is the plaintiff entitled to as damages ? • Mb. McCcllaGH, in summing up, said the first thing the jury would have to consider was the origin of the fire, aud whether there was anything to connect the defendant with it. Mrs. Bellew said she saw it on Thursday evening, and she and her son both affirm that they saw it early on Friday. The defence denies these statements, and state that it was not visible till 11.30. Both Mrs. Pclleiv and Miss Luke gare their evidence straightforwardly, and both said they saw the fire eoinc from Korber's land. It was for the jury to say whether Korber's section could be seen by witnesses on the main road. Defendant •said there was a neutral strip of unburnt land , between the fire he lighted and the one in No Man's section. That, was an im portant point. It was possible to put sand on the stump without extinguishing the fire, j and a breeze might carry a spark away. If the ; jury were of opinion that the fire started from that stump they must find for the plaintiff. They must not mind the numbers of the witnesses, but must judge of the character of the testimony. On the whole the evidence was more favorable to the plaintiff than to the defendant. If they found the fife was caused by the plaintiff it would be their duty to assess the amount of | damages. If material was burnt as alleged by tile plaintift' the' claim on the whole was not excessive. It was for the jury to say if they believed the wood aud posts were on the ground. The claim for grass was certaiuly extravagent. Then the jury must consider whether the plaintiff caine down at Easter, beeanse of the fire or on his usual holiday. It. was shown in evidence that he usually came home at Easter, and under these circumstances he thought only the actual fare (£2 Os. 8d.) should be allowed. The fact that the claim was not made till after April 22nd was not worth mentioning. It certainly was : rather strange that two witnesses should inde pendently come to the sauie conclusion—to a shilling—with regard to the amount of damages. He thought the gun theory of Hoddinott was j not worlliy of attention. The plaintiff showed that the most reasonable hypothesis as to the ' origin of the fire was that it started from the , stump or the burning debris, while the defendant j was not able to give any explanat ion at all. After a short retirement the jury returned into Court , and their foreman (Mr. G. Alston, juur.,) stated that they unanimously found for the defendant. ABJOVUNKD CASES. Mb. Leaker asked if the case of Pope v. Pasco would be taken that evening. The SriPENDiAur Magistrate said it would he more convenient to adjourn, aud the heaving was fixed for Tuesday next. On the application of Mb. H. E. Downee, M.P., the case of the Nairne District Council v. Chapman and 3£ullins was adjourned until j Saturday at 10 o'clock. 