THE FUNNY HALF-HOUR.. 'Be'Seis SmELL. ;ON '; IRONNG pAY. A : Through jelose contemplation of human nature, and persistent study of contempora neous history, we have gleaned facts ' and compiled statistics,' proving clearly to -any thinking mind that 97 out of every 100 newly wed. youthful couples hold their initial' quai'els on irdning day ej. It is a day hf uncertainty and disquiet, a day to bc avoided. On the occasion "of the smoothing of the week's linen; the subdued husband strays meekly ii by the btck way, takes his meagre dinner seated on the door step, and, if not requested to sooth the en raged infant, steals away to business' again without offering any comment. Not so; 'the iueiperienced hubby; who :is still'proud of his head of hair, and boastful of being galferin his own house. His temper has been spoilt for a time by a persistent book agent and a hot-wind day. He strides in with a loss- of-the job bearin", and instead of a"'dainty' dinnier of ice-cream, finds his wife howling away with a box.siron, which . is discharging smoke enough for a bush-fire, the roon full of it, Aid as hot as' th'd final abidifig" place of the unregeneratcd." The cat reposes peacefully in'the fire place;and thh 6aby'in its cradle 'howls like a church choir. "' "Myl is that the time?" exclaims the mistress of 'the house with ia startled air.' "Yes1" he murmurs' sarcastically, "that's thetiome to a second or so." S"And ho dinner," coritinues she, plishiing her flushed" face with a roller towel, nd looking "nearly dead." i None to be seen within a radius of half a:mile," he goes on in the saoie strain. " But don't agitate yourself about it, this smokeois [ ehough for me, I could not eat anything-: iore, really. Since I ceased to reside: with |L1 my maternal progenitor, I have ihdulged in J i no dinners worth inentioning. .I've broken' 'i them 'off like." . .",, "Oh, what a story i!' she ejaculates. "Yeou have never :been' disappointed with your. "inner before., . 1 was so busy ididnotnotice the time pass.'" -' • . " , ' 'sfi " How remarkable i"' sneers her' lord. | ' sut it did pass;i sneaked by when your: i back wes turned, probibly. How kind and: considerate of you to have ther mansion' •THB BATTLE OF t LAING' NEK (BOERLAND), chd'cfill of 'smoke, and'dracket and reck-lse bandon when your loving husbaind dirois io to dinner Ilo. h I sweet hoie I Ndov, ih:'ii' h'iindainder don'f tou stod thbtdissblute' iron's e-lhalsttooi turn offf the' s?okbl 'e"~'tbp' the idisbi rgi''8 Whnit i' yodii"'cafi't? "T I?'e pected"ais'muich' ' eid it to mine, aiidtitiii your -ia?i'd tb g-gagiiig that infaint'f Break my heHft'l" B'man h'ver knowis.Whlit hlihppi? nessa nd'iobthiig' dilinm iittill 'he' catchdlo. to youing ~ibman'with a'hiehd like's hDdehit chhos idi?'a ? ?i :nibsndositfacualty'fsdrnsfot' k'nbiiving libh to'do things.' .. :" STh'h' het 'tiins'baiclk "his 'sieevds:and' rlip3-' :cedt?' twbhi'tle?'ithl'th't b6d itbn:a'qht'i • a: foolisli' tfiififto start dn;;li 'ddesb'tl'knovav bbx-iron from 'at!Climesi' puizlel"aibdthd' catcie:if jidst' *liere'itis hottsti arid dro?i' it with'hin'ireligiods' rithrk, idid'liitd wife's coeliir?t f'is bliufE bhjond recognitiori. '?Kfter sudking his fiiigers forssdoiie tinie;'$nd ap pareintly' 'detiinieggreat' behefit ' froni'the 'opbratioh; 'h~~ilhtchs 'it 'gain and his thuimb firis agiinst the shioke'stack, but hi tabis a fearful bath tb opens nt~ithat iron o'i be laid away in the frigid grave, and it puffs volumes of smoke into hibff c~siiids'hjiits fiji live coals on to exposed parts of his person just as if it had a purpose inbsxisteiice;.and that was to darken the life.of.a moral young benedict.. . ' Thi~lahi is obstisiate and the iron obdurte, his hands iehrdd, his eyelashBs singed, 'ind his hair and apparel an unsightly ruin, ?e (thie 'ran remember) wrenches aid sawBai and sweamrs ometiimes, and thei setting the doiimestic implement on its iron stand,"he walks iduihd it and peers closely'into its' mechanism. Throwing himself into 'iSsilion he 'starts 'another round; holdiing it dow?i wvith one hand, he jerks back the catch? ihen, tugging frantidcally, he succeeds, tie lid fies open sddnly 'and tlh'e iron malicionsly hiand literally pours coals dof fire upon is head, s nd one or to, dorn his h~-ick, only' siihhall ?opes, hoW v .. ,. ...er."." An ob?ei?ve coIld not bho adirire. the ,lle ing f thiayounig manit at this tr'jng ci'eathe do6s n ot murnihmr, hple"does, n swhea' -a lobl' of miieliancholy sittles'i li sibdLi t1-ikinsi the folir in, his rgiti h-ted ile stridesiito the yard. His actions aretlose isM i i ifis'A the roeid and eitier breisif A 9& lbhUl'citiaen or kilts1- nbrsklshdr's&do;'g 5&bai;'tI l.'tlse sum offie C ars pousid's .ie f'c1i'-iid ??'Vthe rdom and tells ais'?ifei' t?lie"I yes?s'c,2 thb'it hlieiik' hd'd 's. '" ',a with tears inri hrees .'Mihdt~fMW'r U dda ? elsv.o fool. plo h never called him a fool before and he resents it.- Any person in the vicinity five minutes later would imagine a meeting of the National Liberal' League was, discussing woman suffrage in that house. He is exalt ing his mother's abilities as a house-keeper, and she is protesting that she will go right off- to Aunt Jane, that is all.-Australian 2It-Bits t. , , 