As Others See Us." A YANKEE GIRL'S IMPRESSION OF THE SUNNY SOUTH. LETTER NO. XLY. Finney, Isles & Co.'s Fire-A Fire in Ohio -Driven. Out Naked-A Fire Fighter Pluck and Skill - Chicago Vigilants Steam propellers* ladders, tracks, salvage, corps, chemical engines-The alarm-hox System-A Pretty Brunette-A Fireman's Wedding, &c.;, &c; Brisbane, October 17,1886. MY DEAR " FIGARO/'-As you take an interest in everything that is go-ahead, as well as everything that is jolly, you may like to hear about the fire brigade system as it is in Yankee land. Seeing the fire at Finney, Isles & Co/s last week, which was so nearly a big one, reminded me of another I saw some time ago on the Ohio, which might also have been a " whopper." Fires are common enough everywhere, but a variety of circumstances render them of more than average frequency and fierceness in the thickly settled belt which stretches aero9S five-sixths of the North American continent, between the uninhabitable north and the semi-tropical southern states. This broad zone, from the Rockies to Nova Scotia, is swept by storms and tornadoes in summer, and by the blight ing blizzard in winter. The timber generally used is of the soft resinous pine; the intense cold of many months necessitates the constant use of artificial warmth, and though in large buildings the steam- heater has well nigh driven out the dangerous stove and stove-pipe, yet the latter still reigns in the kitchens of the largest residences, and in the sitting and bed-rooms of less pretentious bouses. Even the steam-heater, with its bricked-in furnace, is not I devoid of heavy risk, while the scorching heat of summer is not more drying to prairie and bush lands than is the high temperature sustained even in the lowliest home to counteract the cold outside. Add to these disadvantages the centralization, which is so marked a feature of American civilization, the immense elevators (granaries), the many- storied blocks, the vast "provideries," the great factories all crowded in together, and all built on the scientific principles which give fires a clean sweep by the very building that ensures ventilation, and the fire-risk of Northern America may be faintly imagined. It is but natural that the inventor of the Yankee notion should have racked his fertile brain for a counterfoil to this constantly threatening danger. The greater the wealth that accumulated in old Eastern cities and mushroom Western towns, the more eager he became to guard and defend it. Nor was there a householder so poor that he did hot seek earnestly for a guarantee that he would not be driven out, naked and frost-bitten, to see his household gods go up in smoke ; nor a countryman who did not fear the foe before whom hamlets melted away, and who devoured in one hot-mouthful the timber that was a hundred settlers' stand-bye, or the ripening grain that was the sole hope of fifty mortgaged farms. From his earliest days the American has been, a fire-fighter, so when, in the beginning of this century, he emerged from the forests of the Ohio into the grass country of what was then the Far West, he could out-wit the Indians favorite tactics, could even fight fire with fire. And when the towns sprang up, the art-for it is an art-still flourished, fostered by necessity. Young America was in the military companies, or was a " deputy," or wore the red shirt of a fireman. They volunteered in those days, as they do yet in Brisbane, and answered the firebell from desk, counter, and bench. There were scores of red-shirts in the villages, thousands in the big cities, ten thousand in New York and Brooklyn; they were a political power in municipal elections; it usually went hardly with mayor, alderman or judge who had filled the fire-laddie heart with a sense of wrong. They had a dim notion that pure pluck, with a sprinkling of skill* was the apex to which fire organisation could reach .t They ran to fires with the know ledge that they abode upon this apex, and with a scornful disgust for any who doubted that the red-shirted brigade would be co-eternal with the Republic. But the time that tries all things found volunteering wanting, and the great fire of Chicago gave the death-blow to a system which even then was tottering,1^#' there were some permanent men even before *71. There was plenty of pluck shown during the ter rible days in which the Queen City of the West was wiped out; when anarchy showed its head, and when heart- sick citizens had to fight for their lived against outlawry, even while the firemen fought to save their fated homes. Plenty of pluck and not a little skill. Torrents of water from the lake and river; not a foot of ground uncontested by the lad dies; often a stand made until the wind-thrashed flames struck down some unknown hero. But it was "too late;" the fire that a pailful would have quenched at starting defied all skill and courage in an hour. The defect was recognised, and being attended to throughout the States and Canada, even before the last victim of Lynch-law had met his death at the hands of the Chicago vigilantes. To the lesson taught by that great calamity, America undoubtedly owes the present perfection of her fire system, and the comparative immunity she , has since enjoyed. It is true that St. John was lately devastated, and that in 1881 half Michigan was burnt over by an unparalleled bush-fire, but such ebullitions show from what the coinmunity is saved by the prompt and vigorous suppression of repeated and threatening conflagrations. Hardly a village but has a fire-engine; nut a town but maintains a permanent brigade and one or two " steamers;" in every city the department is one of the most important in the municipal government, and is admitted by English fire- experts to surpass anything to which they have attained. Electrological discoveries are the source of this almost perfection, for steamers, steam-propellers, ladder-trucks, salvage-corps, chemical engines, and other appliances, would be of far less value were it not for the famous alarm-box system. There are inconveniences yet. Telephone, electric light, and telegraph wires strung through the streets, interfere with the firemen's work. Fire-escape lad ders are not yet attached to the outer walls of the lofty buildings. But municipal legislation is gradually removing these remaining drawbacks, and making assurance of safety doubly sure. These modern innovations are by no means eon- ^ fined to the great centres-New York, Philadelphia, St. Louis, Chicago. Indeed much smaller cities are equally in the van. Modern fire-brigading can be seen to perfection in any place where there is a gaol, the electric light, and a board of trade. - It was in one of these smaller central cities-a town of 100,000 or so-that I was staying when the city-hall bell clanged out one November evening in 1884\. "Clang-clang-clang" it went } "clang." Every body shouted " 31," and knew just where the fire was. There was a rush for the telegraph block, but the firemen and police were there in a twinkling, as if brought together by magic. In half-a-dozen fire stations the firemen-60 strong-had been idling, sitting by the stove yarning, some fixing their pet horses for the night, others-those who were tired sleeping cosily in the bunks above. Opposite the great doors the " steamer" stood; fires banked, shafts up, and harness hanging overhead; on reels, escapes, and engines, helmets and working coats hung in readiness; the untied horses stamped in their loose-boxes; everywhere was visible a cufcious mixture of indolence and watchfulness. The door man talked idly through a speaking tube to the dis abled fireman who watched above. The men by the stove, livened up to abuse a new-comer, an innocent reporter whose paper had opposed the'proposal to pension the fire-laddies. They were paid $600 a-year apiece, it had argued; why didn't they insure themselves like other men ? In the middle of it all an alarm commenced to run down; in a moment indolence was transmogrified to activity of the decided "kind. Everything seemed animated, from men and horses down to bolts, bara, and harness. The bars of the loose boxes dropped, and the trained animals rushed to their shafts; as the door-man touched some but tons, the harness, snapped into its place swiftly, dropped down on them; the doors flew open--auto matic also; the sleepers above had felt their beds drop to the floor beneath th&n; and, only half awake, had slid down ^polished their comrades to their posts. ' jOnfr through|ne engines dash, almost hefojrp the fire-bells at each station -and: on the city hall, had commenced their clamour. A little register notifies the captain which (Continued on page $91.) \- ? :#t. .. . . ? ... . ? ? = Lucinda Sharpe. {Continued from $ag% 587.) box sent the alarm, and to it they dtive pell mell, with thunder of gong, and stoking of fires, and ptltiing on of coats and helmets* It is more than minutes which count in fighting firej the American fireman times himself by seconds. At every street corner is a fire-alarm box communicating with the alarm-circuit. One pull of a hook wakes up the city, and brings a half dozen engines at headlong gallop to the spot. It was a big fire, this particular one, in an old five-, story building, starting among the litter carelessly left in the hoist shaft, up which the strong draught carried the flames almost like lightning. In a minute more one had jumped to the alarm box, in another the engines were puffing outside, and hose was being screwed down to the mains j but quicker still the fire had fastened on the stairway and cut off the escape of a dozen operators in the instrument room above. It burnt through the roof, and glimmered close to the high window to which the perilled ones gathered. The north-wester caught it and blew it about as the yellow hair of a child is blown on the sea - beach. It was in the heart of the townj there were banks, insurance offices, the principal stores in the same square of buildings. Across the road was the best hotel j close by was the city hall; a little further off the peerless Ohio, fringed with wharves and store-houses of millions in worth* The fire had a hold and burst through the lower windows to the right, leaping at the firemen who were working the fire-escape, driving back the picked, men whom the captain's whistle had sum moned to form the living ladder that is only used in extremity. Above the hoarse shouts of the firemen, and the excited cries of the gathering crowd, began to be beard the dull roar, mingled with an inexpres sible hissing, that tells the fire-laddie there is work, perhaps death, ahead. It wasn't four minutes before the first hose was on; in ten more, six four-inch jets were pouring upon the flames from the street-from the hotel-roof, from adjoining parapets, as far as the panting engines could drive it; but it seemed like an age. Glass was smashing, and partitions were going down, as the axemen cleared the way for the pipe-men to play into the thick of it i and still the group far above clustered in the window, and the crowd wondered how many days longer it would take to cut the wires that spread like a net work and held back the truck-ladder. On the end of the main-ladder a brave fellow clung like a monkey, cutting wires one by one with large india-rubber-handled scissors, raised slowly by his com rades below by means of the truck hand-winch. He got through at last, though not before the electric light, that made the scene bright as noon day, had been extinguished; they raised ladder after ladder then with cautious haste and reached the operators at last. It was a girl who was sent out to them first-a pretty brunette, who afterwards married the wire cutting rescuer in true American fashion ; and when they were all down the crowd went hysterical, also in American fashion, and stayed hysterical long enough to give the wished for pension. For there was a crowd-a swarming crowd that would have broken down the ropes that the police stretched to keep the ground free for the firemen, had it not known by experience that a four-inch jet can melt a. mob as easily as it can subdue a blaze. But, knowing this, it stayed beyond the bounds, and cheered the laddies on till the black smoke began to change to white steam, and till the only glimmer left was that reflected from the little cataracts that poured from roof and cornices and down the half-burnt stairs. There was work for others besides the engine-men and the workers of the strong-smelling "pisen-squirter j" work for the salvage-corps who spread waterproofing in the adjacent store to keep the water from damag ing valuable stuff; work for the supply waggons that ran to and fro with food for the greedy engine-fires; work for the captain of the police-patrol, who is sup posed to be a demi-semi-surgeon, and who bandages up cuts, and anoints bruises, and serves out " medicine," in a way that would be heart-rending to a 'prentice saw-bones, or a bar-tender. It costs, this sort of thing and this system, but it pays. The city I am speaking of expends something like £10,000 a year for its running expenses, but this one fire, subdued in the teeth of a north-wester, might easily have cost a hundred times that amount. By-tlie-way, I can't say that the above-mentioned marriage was a brUliant success, though the girl was smart and pretty, and the fireman as brave as they make them. When they were married two days the papers made columns of it-so interesting !-and the engines went round to her father's house and tootled sujh a serenade that not a baby dared cry for a week. But she got mad afterwards 'cause he was always on duty, and'cause thefirebell used to call him away when he wasn't, just as he started to Bplit wood or to assist housekeeping in any other little way. It was aggravating, I admit, but not aggravating enough to make her run away, during the very next winter, with a black-moustached '* drummer." I rather fancy myself that it was another case of " marry in haste and repent at leisure," for such cases do happen often enough to keep alive the smouldering embers of that most silly and ridiculous proverb. LUCINDA SHARPE. 