BUSH FIRES IN THE HEYTESBURY FOREST. Great Loss of Property. The residents of the western and south western portions of the colony will have cause to bear in remembrance the terrible experiences of Tuesday last. Fires ap- peared to be raging on every hand, and the darkness which prevailed for some hours, almost dense enough to be felt, added to the horror of the situation, as, while everyone expected the devouring element to swoop down on the settlements, no one could tell from which direction the fire would come. To clearly under- stand the position of matters it must be borne in mind that in many parts of the Heytesbury forest there has been an accumulation of undergrowth, as the past season or two was not favorable to a "good burn" being obtained. The spring just over, and the present summer, have been exceptional from their dryness, and the warmth for some days prior to Tuesday, had dried up almost everything. The intensity of the sun's rays on Monday and Tuesday, combined with the furnace like heat of the northerly gale which prevailed during the day, made everything like tinder, and to quote a frequently used figure of speech, "It wanted the mere application of a lighted match to set the whole country in a blaze." But previous to Tuesday small fires had been slumber- ing in the forest, and these were fanned into fierce flames by the wind which blew on that memorable morning like a blast from the mouth of a furnace. Under such favorable circumstances, the wonder now is, not that damage has been done, but that far greater losses have not to be recorded. As a matter of fact, however, the exact damage done cannot be ascer- tained for some days to come. The news to hand now is only from the easily acces- sible settlements, and there may be yet, though Heaven grant that such is not the case, some more dreadful things to relate than any which have yet come under notice. Those who have seen the fires give various descriptions of them. In one instance they are stated to have advanced like a huge wall — a wall of flames — en- veloping everything in their lurid embrace, and levelling trees and all living things in their progress. Another account states that the fire seemed to leap from tree to tree, advancing in this squirrel like fashion at a rapid rate, and scorning, apparently, the ordinary methods of travelling through the grass and undergrowth. The hot wind seemed to act us a conductor in this respect, and it was no uncommon sight to see trees firing in the branches, and burn- ing downwards to the roots. When the wind lulled at all, which was seldom, the fire-beaters were able to make some progress, but as long as the gale raged all efforts to stay the march of the flames were almost worse than useless, in the neighborhood of trees. The origin of some of the fires is not difficult to trace. In their desire to have a "good burn," some selectors had set fire to the scrub to clear it, and get rid at the same time of the vermin which infested it. Probably these fires could have been kept under control in ordinary weather; but the fierce hot wind scattered flames and ashes in all directions, and ended in laying waste the country. Could those people have foreseen the result, doubtless they would have taken more precautions for their own sake and that of their neighbors. EFFECTS OF THE FIRE IN CAMPERDOWN. It would be difficult to describe the feel- ings of the majority of the residents of the town on Tuesday afternoon. The intense heat on Monday, and the "scorcher" on Tuesday morning induced old residents to shake their heads and look grave. They had a foreboding that the day would be marked by the breaking of some bush-fires, but they had no con- ception that these would prove as disas- trous as they appear to have been. When the wind changed at 2 o'clock the smoke from the fires southwards suddenly en- veloped the town, and the darkness was so great as to cause candles to be lighted and send the fowls to roost. Cattle, horses and sheep exhibited signs of the greatest terror. It was stated almost in the one breath that fires were raging in the Public Park, at Gnotuk, and in Mr. McArthur's fattening paddock. Naturally the greatest alarm was felt, and steps were taken to ensure the safety of outside residents as well as possible. It for- tunately turned out that the fires were not sufficiently near to cause unnecessary alarm, though, had the weather continued as it was, the safety of the town might have been jeopardised. THE POSITION OF COBDEN. Great uneasiness existed as reports came to hand from time to time regarding the progress of the fire in the neighbor- hood of Cobden. One fire which is stated to have had its origin in the Struan paddock rapidly spread through the ad- joining properties, and threatened the town on the north. The flames advanced to within a few yards of the back door of Mr. Baker's house, on the Camperdown road, and they were with great difficulty kept back. The same fire also made progress in the direction of Mr. Smith's house, which was only saved from destruc- tion by the exertions of the residents who had assembled in force. Amongst those who were foremost in the fight, was Mounted Constable Beckwith, who, throughout the day, displayed both courage and coolness, and his efforts were highly commended. Messrs. Woods, F. J. Clarke, and others, also rendered assistance. It was in connection with this fire that the flames were observed to pro- gress from tree to tree, the fire overhead being frequently considerably in advance of that underfoot. It is supposed that a lighted leaf, or piece of bark from one of these trees was blown over the road to Mr. Myers', a distance of nearly half a mile. At any rate a shed was quickly in flames and destroyed, together with its contents, consisting of a waggonette and dray. This fire destroyed nearly a mile of the rabbit-proof fencing, but recently erected on the Tandarook estate. It also swept off some of Messrs. T. and W. Down's new fence, and burnt a quantity of split timber that was lying on the ground ready for use for fencing purposes. The damage done in the back country lying south from Lake Bullenmerri is not yet fully known, but it is considered that a great deal of fencing must have been destroyed. THE ELINGAMITE LOSSES. Rumors were current late on Tuesday night to the effect that the Elingamite district had been swept by the fire. These reports fortunately proved to be greatly exaggerated. A small fire started in Mr. A. Hamilton's paddock, where it destroyed a few chains of fencing. It afterwards passed through Hickey's and Scanlan's paddocks, and was stopped at Myers', the estimated damages being merely nominal. The house and outbuildings in the last instance, experienced a narrow escape. THE HEYTESBURY FOREST PROPER. It was asserted from the first that the fires had been most severely felt in what is known as the Scott's and Cowley's Creek district, and these assertions, unfortunately, have been proved to be too true. The position of the selectors in that district is a peculiar one. Many of them went down into the forest country, with, perhaps, a considerable amount of capital, which was represented in the fencing and other improvements, stock &c.; on their land. Others again have put out years of labor on their selections, and their earn- ings during that time were represented by the improvements they were able to put on their holdings. By the fires on Tues- day, the houses, fencing and other im- provements, belonging to such as those, have been swept away, leaving the owners with their families homeless and destitute. Only those who are conversant with the character of the settlement in the forest country can understand the nature of the disaster which has fallen on the district. The homes have been literally hewn out of the dense timber, and the forest encircles the houses within a few chains at the most. The fires, once started, must have swept through the forest at a great rate of speed, and with the high wind that was blowing there was scarcely any obstacle to bar their progress. Roads, waterholes and cleared patches of ground, were bridged over in some way or the other, the result being that the country, without exaggeration, was in flames. The settlement about Scott's and Cowley's Creek dates some years back, as a rule, and the improvements thereabouts were something very considerable. Commodious dwellings and outhouses, substantial fences, and extensive crops, with splendid grass were the rule, and by no means the exception before Tuesday. Now the places on which these once stood are charred and blackened by the devastating fires. At the present moment the amount of the damage done can scarcely be esti- mated, as the whole of the distressing cases have not yet come under notice. The fallen timber has blocked up all the principal means of egress, and it may take some days yet before the full extent of the disaster can be ascertained. There is sufficient information to hand to show that nearly 30 families hare been rendered homeless and destitute by the occurrence. These have saved nothing beyond the clothes in which they stood on that terrible day; blankets and bedding, linen, and spare clothing, having been all des- troyed. It would be a moderate computa- tion to estimate the amount of damage at something like £5000. Reckoning the value of the improvements in each case at £200, a very low estimate indeed, this amount would be exceeded. It will take years of toil to make up the losses, and perhaps many may be so discouraged as to cause them to abandon their holdings. Our Cowley's Creek correspondent gives the following account of the fires in that district:— We have had a truly black Tuesday here, for the whole creek has been one mass of smoke and flame. For hours we could not see how our neighbors fared, and it soon became the one absorb- ing idea to save our homes at the expense of everything else, but even that failed. Mr. T. Vagg had barely time to get from the roof where he had been throwing buckets of water, before it fell, taking with it every vestige of furniture, clothing; and even the blankets he had succeeded in getting out at the risk of his life, were burned before he could get them to a place of safety. To add to the misfortune Mrs. Vagg, who is hourly expecting the birth of her fifth child, was very lightly clad, as were also the little children, the heat being so excessive that day, conse- quently when the cold evening came they had not even necessary clothing. They are all staying at Mrs. Nelson's at present. But I fear Mr. Hurley's family are still worse off. House, carts, threshing and reaping machines, all gone; as well as fencing. I have just learned that Mr. Hurley's family have taken refuge at Mr. McDonalds, who also has had a narrow escape. Unfortunately Messrs. Hurley, Lietch, and M. Ryan were all away cut- ting grass seed, and each returned to a desolate, blackened ground, for no home, not even a fence, remains for any of them. Mrs. Lietch just escaped with her little children through the burning scrub, after seeing her home and garden destroyed, her youngest of ten children being an infant of three weeks old. Mr. D. Fletcher, who is also a sufferer to the extent of all his fences being burned, has just been over to Ryan's, and can only find his dog. His uncle who was in charge of the place is nowhere to be seen. It is to be hoped that when he found he could not save the house he went to Cobden, where his nephew is working. Poor Robertson, who has twice recently broken his leg, has now no home, for the fire has swept his, Callaghan's, Johnston's, and McNelties. Mrs. Mackie's, Mrs. Nelson's, and Mrs. Peters' crops are all laying open with blazing trees fallen across them in every direction. The wind changed just before the fire reached the church, and schoolhouse, and I believe they are still standing, and now we have a heavy downpour of rain. INDIVIDUAL CASES OF DISTRESS. It has been a heartrending task to enquire into the individual cases of dis- tress, in order to arrive at something like an accurate estimate of the damage done. The list of families who have lost all their worldly possessions is a truly formidable one, and the accounts of their subsequent sufferings are harrowing in the extreme. As we have said it is impossible at the present time to give a complete list, as it is certain the names of the sufferers are not yet all known. Among those who have lost house, furniture, fencing and almost everything they possessed, are the following:- T. Vagg, C. Vagg. C. Leitch, H. Robertson, Dominick Hurley, A. Gemmel, A. Grayland, James Cowley, Callaghan, of Scott's and Cowley's Creek district; L. F. Keogh, P. Love, Cockrel, Galloway, of the Brucknell; W. Monk, Egan, Power, Wark, and Ashton, and others of Timboon; three selectors, whose names have not yet come to hand, in the direction of Apollo Bay; Flinn, Chick and probably others in the parish of South Ecklin. The Timboon schoolhouse was also destroyed. Then there were Rose and Davis, of the Sherbrooke, whose pro- perties are said to have been swept by the fire. To this appalling list have to be added the names of those who are heavy sufferers, but who have still houses over their heads. R. Myers, of Cobden, had a wagonette and dray totally destroyed. Hamilton, Hickey, Scanlan and Myers at the Elingamite, lost several chains of fenc- ing between them. Considerable lengths of fencing were also swept away by the fire which is stated to have commenced in the Struan paddock. Among the losers here were Messrs. T. and W. Down, excrs. late A. S. Robertson. J. L. Currie, Mrs. Cole, excrs. late Dr. Curdie, and others; but a few hundred pounds may repair all the damage. W. G. Harding is a loser to the extent of 57 chains of fencing, and Howard's stable, fence, &c.; were destroyed, leaving his crop open. Haig is reported to have lost considerably and the whole of Fletcher's fences are down. As stated by our correspondant the fences of the following are burned and the crops are open:— M'Neilty, Mackie, Nelson and Peters. Lawson and Surridge of South Ecklin, have lost the chief part of their fencing. These are the reported damages, but the list is open to correction and extension. It must also be remem- bered that thousands of acres of grass have been destroyed, which is a most serious consideration so early in the year. MONK'S CASE. This case is certainly a very hard one. Monk himself was at his work in Cobden on Tuesday. Mrs. Monk was at home with her family of nine or ten children including an infant in arms, when the fire came down on the house. They fled from the building for their lives, having no time to gather up anything to take with them. Their sufferings for the remainder of the day were intense. The smoke was suffocating and there was the danger every moment of the fire bearing down on them. To add to the horror of the situa- tion mother and children were compelled at times to walk over the heated ground and burning cinders, scorching feet and legs in their wanderings. Whilst on their way a man in the employ of Mr. Gubbins met them and conducted the family to some rising ground. He then fired the grass in front them, but the flames, instead of advancing ran lengthways, and for a few moments the whole party stood in imminent peril. The flames almost met overhead, and only for the fact of a pool of water being handy all must have perished. Eventually the family were removed to a place of safety, and are now living in a house near Cobden, kindly lent to them by Mr. Scanlan. The father, when he heard of the fire, expressed his gratitude that the lives of his wife and children had been spared. The feet of the poor children are said to have been dreadfully scorched. The feeling of sympathy for the family was so strong in Cobden that a subscription list was promptly opened, and liberally re- sponded to. INCIDENTS OF THE FIRE. The experiences of Mr. H. Mclntyre, the proprietor of the mail coach between Cobden and Port Campbell, if fully re- lated, would be sufficient to make ones hair stand on end. He left Cobden as usual about 9 o'clock on Monday morning for the purpose of reaching the port at the fixed time in the afternoon. On his way down he had to make a dash through patches of fire which trailed up each side of the road. The buggy was on fire three successive times, and the flames were extinguished. The seat was burnt from beneath him before he reached his destina- tion. Two young men drove from Terang in the direction of the forest on Tuesday, when they encountered the fire. They were compelled to unharness the ponies and run the buggy into a waterhole on the road, then mount and ride for their lives. They then described the road as resemb- ling a sea of fire. Returning the next day the same road bore a resemblance to a sea of water so great was the con- trast. The experiences of one farmer will doubtless be those of many others. He states that all his buildings are destroyed, one costing several hundred pounds, and all are uninsured. He lost his all except what he stood in, and hollow trees are the only shelter he can get till the road is open and drays can get through. Speaking of the roads it would be desirable that there be an immediate inspection by the shire engineer of all the roads in the forest. Many of them are said to be wholly blocked up, and traffic along them is im- possible. They will be required imme- diately, as those farmers who have lost everything will be obliged to obtain fresh supplies. PARTICULARS PROM OTHER SOURCES. Our Cobrico correspondent writes :— Since I last wrote you I hear on very good authority that the fires have done great damage in Ecklin and Brucknell, the residents of which place will, un- fortunately, have cause to remember January 5, 1886 as a most disastrous day for them, and I fear it has also proved a bad time for many of the residents of the Heytesbury forest. The morning of Tues- day came in hot with the wind blowing freshly from nor'-nor'east, which increased in violence, shifting later in the day to north when it blew a hurricane. Early in the day fires started up in various parts of the forest, which the gale fanned into strength and which, it seems, have swept away buildings, crops, fences &c.;, and have left several of the holdings destitute of every signs of the labor that has been bestowed on them excepting the clearing, blackened by the fires. Of the sufferers W. Galloway has lost everything, house, crops, and fences, and a considerable amount of money that was in the house at the time the fire swept on to the farm. He has saved nothing but the clothes he was wearing at the time. Fortunately he is a single man, so in that case there are not so many to suffer. Mr. L. F. Keogh has lost all his buildings and fences ; Mr. G. Rodgers has lost a lot of fenc- ing stuff; Mr. W. Coombes has lost all but his house; Mr. Cockerill has lost nearly everything. I hear that all he has saved was some bedding; all the rest in the way of crop, buildings and fences are gone. The worst case that I have heard of is that of Mr. Richard Love, at Curdie's River, who has, I hear, lost everything he had. His wife was at the time lying seriously ill, and was with difficulty removed to a place of safety. There is a family of four small children. It is but a few months since Love was, in the opinion of many, unjustly put to an expense that he could ill afford, and now the fires having swept away everything, have left him entirely destitute. If any case in this district ever justified a public subscription in aid of it, the case of R. Love should be hastily taken up. But I think that the great destruction of pro- perty in the Heytesbury forest will prove to be not only a great loss to individuals but also a loss to the nation, and our Government should vote something substantial to aid the settlers in our forest to recover themselves. It is now raining heavily and steadily, and the land is getting a good soaking. The danger of fires is I think about over this summer. A NARROW ESCAPE. Mr. John Thornton, auctioneer, of Camperdown, experienced a remarkably narrow escape on Tuesday evening. He was driving along the road to the scene of the fire on Myers' selection when, without warning of any kind, a burning tree fell across the shafts of the buggy between the hindquarters of the horse and the splash board. The shafts of the buggy were broken, and Mr. Thornton himself escaped with a rather severe cut on his leg. The friends of the Rev. Mr. Hutchinson will regret to learn of his continued in- disposition. In consequencce of his ill- ness there will be no service to- morrow at St. Paul's Church of England. At a meeting of the Mortlake Rifle Club Committee, on Monday, it was resolved to challenge the Camperdown Club to [?] a match on either the 23rd January or 6th February. A message from Port Campbell states that a couple of Warrnambool youths named Davis and Alston, who went on a holiday excursion in the forest, got lost during one of their rambles. They started with a tilted conveyance provided with all the necessary appliances in the shape of guns, ammunition, fishing tackle etc., and camped along the coast. During a shooting trip, they separated and lost another. One of them, however, got safe back to the waggon, and gave information about his companion's loss. A search party was at once improvised by Constable Weir, and the missing excurs- ionist was found in the vicinity of Moon- light Head, somewhat exhausted from exposure. 