VICTORIAN MUNICIPAL ASSOCIA- TION. It seems to us that sufficient importance has not been attached to the organisation known as the Municipal Association of Victoria. The interests involved are so grave and so widespread, and the Opposition to those interests which arise from the present system of centralisation so great, that some kind of understanding is necessary, in order that those interests may be properly represented and en- forced. This can only be effected by systematised combination, and this had to a great extent been accomplished by a central association with local rami- fications, known as " groups." The group which formerly extended fiom the Murray to the Goulburn, and which comprised nearly all the shire councils in the North- eastern district, now exists, only in name. The meetings which used to be held at Wangaratta, as the most central place, were never very welt attended, and have latterly fallen off altogether, and yet the questions to be discussed, the alterations in the law which are urgently required, are of the utmost consequence to the whole country community, These meetings, too, were of the deepest concern to the rural parliamentary constituencies, as they acted as a countervailing force against the apathy, which apparently falls upon country representatives when they find themselves comfortably seated in the luxurious chamber of ease, and safely situated at the top of Bourke-street. The groups, too, would have formed a mighty engine in such movements, as that so ably taken up by the Grain Freights Conference, and would still be a power in the State in enforcing the demand for the more equitable equalisa- tion of town and country railway passenger fares. Even under present discouraging circumstances, there were several matters of great interest brought before the recent meeting of the Central Association in Melbourne, at which we are sorry to say there was not a single re- presentative from this district. Amongst the propositions which were carried was one — " That the fees paid for auctioneers' licences and the unearned increment arising from the sale of town allotments, being the increased value caused by local settlement and enterprise, should form a portion of the municipal revenue." There certainly can be no valid reason that we can see why the fees of local auctioneers should not go to the municipal revenue, and, although we would not go so far as the resolution with regard to the unearned increment on sale of town allotments, the principal is sound enough that the municipality should get some return from the increased value of property created by municipal expenditure. A private owner pays additional assessment as his property increases in value from surrounding improvements ; then why should not the Crown ? Again, the Shire of Ararat drew attention to the glaring anomaly which exists under the 111th clause of the Licensing Act No. 566, according to which fines for breaches of that Act are made payable, not to the municipality in which they are committed, but to that in which they are adjudicated upon. Another recommendation from the Borongh of Essendon, although not carried, is well worthy of consideration, viz., " That the Municipal Association move the Government to have section 273 of the Local Government Act amended, so that appeals against assess- ment should be made to the police magistrate sitting alone, or to a board of experts appointed for the purpose." It was argued against this recommendation that no magistrate connected with the council was likely to sit in such case ; but the fact remains that they can, and that they sometimes do. Such a matter should not remain a question merely of good taste, as such a quality cannot be conferred by a writ of dedimus potestatem. There were also some, valuable sugges- tions adopted, more clearly defining the law with respect to the liability of municipal councils, for accidents on streets and footpaths under their control. For if it is right that private individuals should be protected against public bodies guilty of carelessness, it is right also that those bodies should have every facility for preventing fraud or extortion. There were several other important subjects dealt with; but our principal reason for alluding to the association is to draw attention to the great necessity of such an organisation, and to endeavor to impress upon councillors in this district that the group meetings gave them an excellent and powerful means of ventilating and remedying municipal grievances. YACKANDANDAH POLICE COURT. — At this court on Monday, before Mr. W. H. Foster, P.M., J. Peters was charged with cutting more than three trees on a Go- vernment reserve at Kergunyah. Mr Emerson appeared for defendants, and objected to the summons,on the plea that under Schedule 43, Clause 6, of the Land Act, 1884, the defendant must be a licensed splitter, which he was not. .His Worship sustained the objection, and dismissed the case. A similar case was brought against. R.Delaney, and was also dismissed. Eliza Dorman, for using abusive language in a public place, was fined 40s, or 14 days in gaol. Mr. G. F. Morris.— At the conclusion of the business of the Rutherglen Shire Council on Saturday the president moved a vote of thanks for his past services to Councillor Morris, who leaves for England by the Parramatta, on Thursday, as one of the commissioners of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. The proposal was cordially carried. In the evening a num- ber of friends met to take a parting glass of wine with Mr. Morris, his health being proposed by the president of the shire. Besides the members of the council several other gentlemen were present. Mr. C. Bushel!, president of the Chiltern Shire, Mr. Geo. Anderson, of Chiltern, and Messrs Reeve, Drenen, Ritchie and Stanton, of Rutherglen. The president, in proposing the health of Mr. Morris, spoke in high terms of the energy and perseverance displayed by that gentleman, as one of the earliest pioneers of the district, and of his long connection with the shire council, of which he had been elected a member when it was first proclaimed a municipality in 1862\. He hoped that he would enjoy his trip to the old country, and on his return again take his place in the council. The toast was drunk with acclamation. Mr. Morris, in responding, thanked all present for the hearty and cordial manner in which they had honored the toast. He had always tried to do his best for the good of the district, and thought that his visit home would be highly beneficial to its interests, as he would lose no opportunity of bringing the wines of this district into note. He intended to visit all the larger towns of the United Kingdom, for the purpose of introducing the Austrafian wines, and he trusted on his return to give a good account of his stewardship. Mr. H. Fraser proposed " The Health of Mrs. Morris and Family." Mr. Morris returned thanks. Mr. Scott proposed " The Health of the President of the Chiltern Shire." The toast was responded to by Mr Bushell, who in turn proposed " The Health of Mr Scott." Several other toasts followed, and a very enjoyable hour was spent. Mr. Morris was entertained at a banquet at Mrs. Lord's hotel, on Monday night. THE BISHOPRIC OF MELBOURNE. — The " Sydney Morning Herald " contains the following letter from Dr. Pearson : — " The Bishop of Newcastle has been so strangely mixed up of late that I ask you to allow me to clear myself from the entanglement in your columns. It appears from a Mel- bourne telegram which was inserted in the " Herald " of Saturday last, that I am re- garded at the Bishop's Registry in that city as a ' real candidate ' for the vacant bishopric. An eminent lexicographer de- fines a candidate as a competitor, one that solicits, or proposes himself for advance- ment. As I am not desirous of becom- ing Bishop of Melbourne, perhaps the term is scarcely appropriate in this connection. Although I do not know that the Bishop of Manchester in- tends to propose me as his successor, I have written to ask him not to do so, as in the event of my being nominated, I should certainly decline the appointment. To refuse before one is invited is not generally considered good manners, but in this in- stance a negative by anticipation may possibly prevent needless and undesirable delay. Pray pardon my troubling you in this personal matter. I am naturally anxious that my neighbors in this, the old original diocese of Newcastle, should not suppose that I am eager to take my flight from my present home work. Signed, J. B. NEWCASTLE. Morpeth, 1st April." BOWMAN'S FOREST. — Our correspondent writes Mining is almost at a standstill in this locality at the present time. There is no water for prospecting, and scarcely any for crushing purposes. In conse- quence of the late fire at Biddington's mill, no crushing will be done there until repairs are effected, and I hear, until the shaft is sunk deeper and a more liberal supply of water obtained. The Pass- bye Reef (late Connors and Co.) is looking well, and the shareholders are raising stone freely, with every prospect of a good return. Heape's Reef is, I believe, at a standstill, pending some new arrange- ments amongst the shareholders. The deep ground at Kneebone's Gully is about to get another trial. A party, consisting of Messrs. Smart and Company, are sinking a shaft for the purpose of testing the same. The site of the shaft is a little below where the Blue Lead was lost, and is likely to test the ground in the way of finding, if the lead continues along the range side. The supposed depth of sink- ing will be about 80 feet. The deep ground at Stony Creek is also getting another trial. A party has been working at it a long time, but, in consequence of the difficulties met with, had to increase the number of shareholders, and. a whim has been purchased, and will be shortly at work, when we hope to hear of satisfac- tory returns. SALE OF LOCAL INDUSTRY. — The " Dispatch " is given to understand that Mr. Baynes, who is about to leave Wangaratta for Tungamah, where he is going to embark in hotel-keeping, has dis- posed of his brewery, together, with its stock in-trade, to Messrs. Hurst and Co., of Beechworth, at a satisfactory price. IRRIGATION SURVEYS. — The surveys now being conducted on the Ovens and King Rivers, for the purpose of ascertaining whether Oxley Flats and Docker's Plains and portion of the parishes of Moyhu and Laceby can be successfully irrigated with water from those streams, will pro- bably be completed in a few days, and the results will be placed in the hands of the secretary to the Royal Commission on Water Supply for report. BUSH - FIRE NEAR WODONGA. — For the past week an extensive bush-fire has been burning in the Baranduda Ranges, near Wodonga. Until Friday the fire was confined to the ranges and grass lands forming portion of the Baranduda run, but on Friday night it had extended over 25 square miles of country, and was fast nearing the farms of Messrs. Bartells, Boyce, Shuback, Williams and Simons, and early on Saturday morning about fifty of the surrounding farmers turned out to beat back the fire into the ranges. The fire had reached within a quarter of a mile of some of the homesteads, and the workers had much difficulty in preventing the further progress of the flames in that direction. They worked throughout Saturday during the heat, which was very oppressive, and now immediate danger is not apprehended, relates the Albury correspondent of the ''Age;" The fire, however, is extending in the direction of Yackandandah and Middle Creek, and unless rain comes the safety of many homesteads will be jeopardised. The farmers at Middle Creek and Leneva are keeping on the alert, and it is stated that 200 men will be ready should the fire extend. The heat of the sun on Saturday was unseasonably intense, and the tem- perature was materially increased by the fire, which was only a few miles distant. The conflagration was a grand sight from Albury at night. LEASES APPROVED. — Ah Fan, 12a. 0r. 39p, Wabonga ; Geo. Robson, 310a. 1r. 0p, Mullindolingong ; James Fitzgerald, 153a. 1r. 22p,, Bontherambo ; Henry Smith, 298a. 3r. 37p, Carraragarmungee ; Patrick Cunneen, 81a. 1r. 17p, Bontherambo ; John Black, 59a. 2r. 31p, Tawanga. NORTH OVENS SHIRE COUNCIL.— This council met on Monday. An offer made by the proprietor of this journal to do all the printing and advertising required by the council during the next two years was accepted. It was resolved that a petition in favor of telegraphic communication with Tarrawingee be prepared, for signature. The engineer's report was received and adopted. The treasurer's report showed an overdraft of £312 0s. 11d. The tender of R. Maddern for improving road from Kerr's Lane to Red Lion Hotel, at £15 5s., and that of H. Crockett for re- moving saplings and clearing the main Beechworth - road, at £20, were accepted. A number of accounts were passed for payment. It was decided that a con- ference be held at Benalla, to consider the question of securing increased Parlia- mentary representation for Moira. SERIOUS DROVING DISASTER. — Infor- mation has been received at Cobar of an alarming accident, resulting in loss of life, which occured at Shearless tank, some thirty miles from Cobar. The particulars, as far as they can be at present learned, are given by the Sydney correspondent of the " Telegraph " as follow: — Two drovers, in charge of sheep travelling to Queens- land, reached the tank and found the troughing empty. The man in charge of the tank endeavored to get up steam for pumping, when, from some at present un- explained cause, the boiler burst, killing him and severely scalding one of the drovers and also damaging the troughing. The sheep had been without water for four or five days. The other drover attempted lo travel them to the next tank, fifteen miles further on. After getting some distance they refused to travel, and the majority perished. On information of the disaster being forwarded to the owner in Melbourne the drover shot himself. The coroner, Mr. Roxburgh, went out to hold an inquiry. UNWHOLESOME VEGETABLES. — A mys- terious case of iilness occurred at Tungamah a few days ago to a family named M'Kenzie, also two others who were with them at the time. The cause has been attributed to their eating a pumpkin, which had been purchased from a Chinaman. The Benalla " Ensign " believes the victims have recovered ; but no doubt people will, from this narrow escape, be more cautious as to eating of the produce from such a source, more especially when the recent investigations of the Central Board of Health in connection with the products of Chinese gardens is taken into consideration. " Once a Month." — We have to acknowledge the receipt of a copy of " Once a Month," for April. This month's number of the excellent Victorian maga- zine contains biographical notices of Sir John Robertson, the Hon. Chas. Meredith and Mr W. H. Vanderbilt, the late American millionaire, serial tales, sketches and four good illustrations ; and both read- ing matter and typography are all that be desired. LAND ACT MAPS. — The last batch of Land Act maps, comprising those of the counties of Moira and Bogong, will be obtainable at the district land offices after Friday, April 9. The land available for selection is as follows : — In Moira, 115,000 acres of agricultural and grazing land ; in Bogong, 490,000 acres of agricul- tural and grazing, and 525,000 acres of pastoral land. TENDERS FOR SUPPLIES. — The following tenders for the supply of provisions for general stores at Beechworth from the 1st July next to the 30th June, 1887, have been accepted by Government : — Gro- ceries, No. 1 schedule, Messrs C. Lister and Co. ; groceries, No. 2 schedule, Mr. Richard Taylor ; butter and cheese, Mr Robert McKenzie ; breadstuffs, Mr. Wm. Price ; candles, Mr. Robert McKenzie ; soap, Mr. Robert McKenzie ; meat, Mr.. William Hyem ; vegetables, Mr. William McCormack. RELIGIOUS JOURNALISM. — We have re- ceived a copy of the fiirst issue of the " Australian Christian World," published by Mr. Alex. Robertson, at 79 Russell- street, Melbourne. It contains sixteen pages of well printed and interesting reading matter on religions and general topics and a number of advertisements, We wish the new weekly paper every success. THE CHILTERN VALLEY MINE. — The yield of gold from the Chiltern Valley Gold-mining Company's claim for the month ending Saturday last amounted to 725 oz 7dwt. RESIGNED. — The resignation of Dr. H. S. Lyons as deputy medical superintendent at the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum (to date from the 24th inst.) has been accepted. RESERVES. — 11a. 0r. 27p. of land at Myrrhee have been reserved for road and watering purposes. As the site for an athenæum 1r. 14½ perches haveg been reserved, at Tallangatta. THE ENGLISH MAIL STEAMERS. — After Thursday, 8th inst., the mail steamers of the Peninsular and Oriental Company will leave on alternate Tuesdays, commencing on the 20th inst. The Parramatta, which leaves on the former date, will be the last steamer to leave on that day for the next six months. SENTENCED. — In the Court of General Sessions, Melbourne, on Saturday Eliza Collins, who had pleaded guilty to a charge of larceny, was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. AN ABSCONDING BANKER. — Holt, the Sydney levanting bank manager, was on Saturday observed in Maryborough (Queensland) disguised as a priest, and was positively identified. He sailed on Sunday morning, for Brisbane, to which city the police at Maryborough telegraphed instructions to arrest him on arrival of the steamer by which he had taken passage, under police surveillance. BORING NEAR WODONGA. — A large num- ber of the principal residents of Wodonga assembled on Saturday to celebrate the commencement of boring operations by the Wodonga Prospecting Association with the Tiffin apparatus lent by the Government. The spot selected for the bore was about two miles from Wodonga, in what is believed to be an old basin of the Kiewa River. LICENSE APPROVED. —N. Lafontaine, 4500a, Mitta Mitta. STRANGE PETS. — We have read and heard of strange pets, pigs, rats, bats, snakes, &c.; But it has been left to a young, naturalist living oh the Karabeal Plains (writes the " Hamilton Spectator ") to add to the list two of the strangest pets yet heard of. This lad is the son of a farmer living at Karabeal, and spends a large portion of his time in the fields watching the habits and movements of insect life. Among the many pets that he has is a grasshopper and a common house fly. They live in his room, and at his call they appear and allow him to do what he likes with them. But they do. not take the least notice of any of the other inmates of the house. We hope our young friend will follow up his studies, and by-and-bye be able to interest and instruct the Aus- tralian youths in the natural history of their country.: THE WEATHER.— Once more, we have to writes of " hopes deferred," respecting the weather. When we went to press on Saturday morning there were indications that rain was imminent; but appearances were deceitful, the day breaking fine and warm. The following day, in Beechworth, was hot and oppressive, and a high westerly wind raised clouds of dust, causing great discomfort to those spending their Sunday out of doors. Monday was more agreeable, and heavy clouds which gathered gave promise of rain, which, however, did not fall, and the night was a clear starlit one ; the barometer, which had fallen the pre- vious day, having risen again, and giving indication of a further continuance of fine weather. At Myrtleford on Sunday morning a heavy thunderstorm, accom- panied by some heavy showers, occurred. The continued dry weather is having a disastrous effect upon water supply and herbage throughout the: district, and several large bush-fires are burning in various parts. One on the Dingle Range, at the rear of the lunatic asylum, affords a fine spectacle at night; while we learn that between four and five miles of country on Mr. M. O'Donnell's Merriang Station have been swept by the flames, though the damage done is reported to be but slight. Our Yackandandah correspondent writes : — On Sunday the district was visited by a most severe duststorm, which lasted from morning till afternoon. It was hoped rain would follow ; but on Monday there was no appearance of any change. REVISION COURT. — A court for the revi- sion of the jury-list for the district of Yackandandah was held in the court- house in that town on Monday, before Mr. W. H. Foster, P.M. There were no alterations nor corrections, and the list was passed. DEATH OF MR. ROBERT BOLAM. — Perhaps no name is more familiarly known in these districts, particularly among miners, than that of Robert Bolam, and the news of his death will therefore be received with great regret. For some time past Mr. Bolam's health has been such as to cause great anxiety, and though he had the benefit of the best available medical skill and advice, his life has for the last few weeks been despaired of. His demise, which took place about 4 o'clock on Monday afternoon, was therefore not unexpected, though it will be none the less seriously deplored. The cause of death was liver complaint. Mr.. Bolam was born in Penshaw, Durham, in the year 1821, and commenced his career as an engine-driver. Arriving in Victoria in 1856, he proceeded to the Ovens, and was engaged in mining at Spring Creek (by which name Beechworth was then known), at Sebastopol and at El Dorado, at which latter place he opened up the claim known as Kneebone's. In mining ventures he was very successful, and in 1858 he entered into partnership with Messrs. B. Gatehouse and Wood. In 1862 he erected a quartz-crushing mill at the Two Mile and also at Bowman's Forest, and two years later proceeded to Twist's Creek, where he erected a mill, and also another on the Wallaby Claim, at Hurdle Flat, In 1877 he turned his attention to alluvial mining at the Three Mile, and in the following year was elected a member of the Beechworth Mining Board, a seat in which he retained up to the time of his death. He also mined and opened up claims at Allan's Flat and Staghorn Flat, Yackandandah, and was interested in mines at Tumbarumba and other places in New South Wales. A few years ago he relinquished the active life of a miner for that of a publican, becoming proprietor of the Empire Hotel, Beechworth, where he spent the remaining years of his life, passing away quietly about 4 p.m. last Monday. Although to a stranger his manner might appear brusque, Mr. Bolam was possessed of a kindly disposition and was a true friend : while his practical knowledge and experience of mining and engineering led him to be regarded as an authority on such matters, and in that respect, as well as on the grounds of personal esteem, his loss will be much felt by district miners. He leaves a widow (in England) and grown-up family ; one of his sons being in Melbourne at the present time, in a mercantile office. The funeral takes place at four o'clock this (Tuesday) afternoon, and will no doubt be very largely attended. SALE OF LANDS. — Mr. Alex.Tone re- ports : — I held a sale of lands at Mrs. Clancy's Hotel, Oxley, on Saturday last, at which there was a good attendance of buyers, and bidding was spirited. The following prices .were realised : — 40 acres, Tea Garden Creek, £14 2s. 6d. per acre : 66 acres on King River, near Oxley town- ship, £9 per acre ; 80 acres, the property of Mr. J. Johnstone, and known as Rats' Corner, at £8 17s. 6d. per acre ; and for Mr. Alex. Lang, 229 acres, a grass paddock in the middle of Oxley, at £5 per acre. At market sale on Thursday last, for Mr. E. O'Brien, 40 acres of grass lands, South Wangaratta, for £6 per acre, cash. WANGARATTA STOCK MARKET. — Mr. Alex. Tone reports : — A fair supply of fat and store stock yarded on Thursday, and prices for all kinds of stock were equal to previous sales. I sold as follows : — Fat bullocks, medium weights, £6 to £7 10s. ; fat cows, £5 4s. to £6 1s. ; fat heifers, light weights, £4 12s. to £5 : vealers, £2 to £4 forward store steers, £4 16s. to £6 : medium store steers, £3 to £4 10s. ; store cows, £3 to £.4 13s. ; store heifers, £2 15s. to £4 ; milch cows, to £5 ; pigs, slips, to 12s. ; horses, hacks, to £14. TRIBUTERS AND THE LABOR COVENANT. — The Sandhurst Mining Board recently suggested to the Department of Mines that, tribute labor should not be recognised as a compliance with the labor coven- ant of a lease, unless in cases in which the leases may have worked ground for at least 12 months. Mr .Langtree, the Secretary for Mines, in dealing with this suggestion says " It may be pointed out. that no mining company or mine owners could hope to employ labor under the tribute system until after the ex- penditure of labor and capital sufficient to develop the resources of the mine to such an extent as to show a fair probability of the tributers earning at least current wages. AIso, that in the event of the tri- buters failing to pay resonable wages to the men employed in them, the owners of the mine must be prepared to expend capital in further developing the ground, and rendering the payable lodes or washes accessible. As a rule also the mine- owners provide the heavier machinery, en- gines, pumps,. batteries, and other plant, which the tribute parties as a rule are not in a position to provide for themselves. I cannot concur in the view taken by the Sandhurst Mining Company, believing it to be calculated to estrange capital and dis- courage its investment in progressive min- ing, to the lasting disadvantage of both capital and labor; and of the best interests of the country. I am, however, of opinion that the employment of tributers upon shallow or surface - workings within the boundaries of a gold-mining lease block, and upon which the lessees have incurred the previous expenditure, should not be counted to such lessees as fulfilments of the labor covenants." 