COUNTRY NEWS. [BY 'lELEORAni.J (PROM OUR OSA'N CORRESPONDENTS..) BRAIDWOOD, FRIDAY. Tsvonty-oight local -Volunteers, under Captain Wiillnco, started this evening, in Pooloy's special coaches, to take part in tho ceremonies in connection svith tho distribution of the Soudan medals. COOMA, FRIDAY. In tho local police court to-day a lad naniod Olonnau svas charged Avith having sot Uro to a haystack. Tho accusod, AS-1IO admitted his guilt, AVOS committed for trial. Glonnan stated to the bench that he committed the act iii. ordor to got, into gaol. GLEN INNES, FRIDAY. Ouo thousand tsvo hundrod and soA'onty aeros, including tho FuiTOcbad homestead, Avoro sold to-day, at £0 per acre. Tho purchaser was Mrs. Gunn. GRAFTON, FniDAY. Commaudor HoAs-ard and a largo staff of mon aro noAV omployod in surveying tho Clareuco Hoads. Moan tido gauges liavo beonfixod in diffofont localities. Tho work of pumping the AS'ater out of tho schooner Mary Baunatyno svill bo .commenced to-morrow. A number of foals aro dying in various parts of tho dis- trict. Thoy have hoon attacked Avith a complaint resem- bling diarrhoon. GUNDAGAI, FRIDAY. Tho Gundagai local Land' Board has concluded a hix days' sitting. Tho Board consisted of Messrs. W. Watt, J.P. (chairman), L. A. Fosbory, J.P.. Henry Gordon, P.M., moiiibors. JDillon, clork to tho board, and Messrs. CuniuiingaiidRoAvlandson, conditional piirchaso inspectors, svoro in attendance. Tho fol- losving cases svoro dealt svith :-Thero svero aoven applications for tho cons'orsiou of pro-lcascs into (Xniditional leases, the total aroa being 3745 ticros. It Avas rccommondod that ono application for a conditional leaso bo disallosved, and that tss'O applications for conditional purchases of a total area of 601 acres be refused. Thoro] Avero 58 casos of inquiry under tho provi- sions of soo ti on 13, subsoetions 1 and 2, of the Cross-n Lands Act; 81 applications, comprising a total area of 7827 acres, svere dealt with; 9 selections wore rocommended for forfeiture. These cmbraood a total area of 1715 acres. A quantity of looting slate svas forsvarded to Sydney a foAV days ago, from Mr. Eaglo's querry, South Gundagai. Tho slate is said to bo of an oxcollent quality. A Sydney syndicate has taken tho matter up, and in all probability a company will be formed to Avork tho industry. MURRURUNDI, FRIDAY. Extensive bush-fires aro raging on the mountains south of the town. The fires are spreading rapidly. Water is becoming very scarce, and the stock are begin- ning to show the effects of the trying weather w'hich has lately prevailed. Tho treasurer's statement of tho hospital accounts shosvs that thero svus u bolanco of over £700 to tho credit of that institution at the end of last year. NEWCASTLE, FRIDAY. His Excellency Lord Carrington has sent a lottor from himself and Lady Carrington, through tho Mayor of NCAV castlo, condoling Avith William Pinson, at tho hospital, svho had ono hand completely cut off, and three fingers of the other destroyed by tho svlieol of a coal yyaggon passing over his hands. The lottor AS'OS read to tho sufferer by tho Mayor of NoAvensÜo. Tho poor folloAV AVOS much affected and gratified. Yesterday afternoon Alfred Buchli, a resident of Stockton, AS'hilst AS'orking in tho Stockton Coal Mino, AS-IIS injured by a heavy mass of coal falling upon him. Tho accidont caused sovero injurios to his spino. 