ITEMS OP NEWS. The GuiMiord Plateau Company made a start on Monday last, and, UDder the able manage- ment, <-f Mr Pettigrew, have made excellent progress, havjng sunk 15ft for the five days. The ground is now rather hard, being ironstone boulders, requiring blasting. The prospects of the Company are good, shares being iuquired for. The Hon. N. Fitzgerald hns contributed LI Is to the funds of the Catholic Picnic. The financial statement of recetp" s and ex penditure for the past year, in connection with the Borough of Chewton, t3 published in another column. It would appear that the English Eleven are going to make a big seme at Ballarat. Yester day they commenced a match against Eighteen of that city, and no wickets had fallen for 119 runs, Stoddirt scoring 78, and Abel 25 not out. The weather was fine, and the wicket played well, but the attendance of spectators was poor. The Sunday School anniversary of the Baptist Church lakes place to-morrow, when the Rev. H. Coombs will preach morning and evening, besides conducting a floral service in the afternoon. The Rev. S. Dodrell, of Slawell, will officiate at the Congregational Church to- morrow. Reports of the rabbit inspectors of New South Wales for September show that the pest is in creasing. Six hundred out of 947 blocks were inspected, and 3,500 men were employed on these blocks in the work of destruction. The inspectors destroyed 2,007,723 scalps, the highest record for auy month. At a public meeting beldat Perth. on .Thurs day night, at which 1,000 persons were present, a resolution was passed requesting the Governor to reprieve William Conroy, sentenced to death for the murder of Councillor Snook, at Free- mantle, last June. It has been decided by the Executive that the sentence shall be carried out, and to-day has been fixed as the date of the execution. . Three children of the Stouehewer family were brought into the Police Court' yesterday fore noon by their mother, and no application was made respecting them, but there will be next week. The Ladies' Committee want to have them boarded out with their mother,. and to re- ceive maintenance for them, - but they were not prepared to briug the case formally under notice of the Bench. ' : \- It will be seen from- our advertising columns that Mr Goodacre, who some two and a half years ago officiated iu the Christian Chapel as Evangelist, and left this district for Queensland, has returned to Castlemaine for a visit, and; will preach in the Rechabite Hall, Barkers' Creek, in the afternoon to- morrow, and in the Christian Chapel Barker-street- in the evening. No doubt his old friends will be glad to listen once more to his discourse. The Local Board of Health made an inspec tion yesterday morning of the premises of Mr Trevascus. in Templetou-strect, regarding which a complaint was made at the last meeting of the. Borough Council by Mr J. Cooper. 'They were accompanied by the Health Officer, and will forward to the Central Board of Health all the correspondence they have received on ' the subject, with which the Health Officer will send his report. . The C.U.C. and North Bendigo Clubs will play a match on the Camp Reserve this after noon (weather permitting.) The following will represent the' local team; — Cpslello, Donovan, Laver, Alron; Muirliead,1 M'Pherson, Reade, Richards, R'>bb, Taylor, Todd. Emergencies — Slattery, and M'Grath. . North Bendigo will be represented by : — Jas. Butler, W. Harry, Youlden (2), Caval, Roach, Pabst, Snell, Rose- wame, H. Hicks, Frost, R. Youlden, and Skews. The Lighting Committee of the Borough Coun cil have had under consideration the letter of the Secretary of the Gas Co., read at last meeting, setting forth that the Directors are favourable to the reduction of the price of gas, and that their recommendation will be laid before a special meeting to be called on the same day as the half-yearly meeting of shareholders stakes place. The Council require that the charge for the lamps shall be L5 instead of L6 10s a year, and that gas be charged 12s Cd per 1000 feet. Though the Gas Co. will not meet for three months, the Directors will support a proposition that the reduced rate will take effect from 1st January. On next Thursday night the Council will decide upon what action they will take iu dealing with the Lighting Committee's report. A meeting of the Malmsbury Branch of the Engine-Drivers' Association of Victoria has been held in the Mechanics' Institute, Malmsbury, to have the delegates' report of the Conference, which was read and adopted. Then came the wages question. It was moved, seconded, and carried unanimously that the wages be 8s 4d per shift for first-class certificated engine-drivers. The principal reasons urged for the increase were the great responsibilities engine-drivers have to bear iu having so many men's liveB in their hands, also the valuable machinery under their care, when the slighest neglect on their part may wreck hundreds of pounds' worth in a few, miuutes ; and, further recent legislation involv ing heavy penalties on engine- drivers', and necessitating taking a practicalenquiryto obtain a certificate. It was maintained that 8s 4d per shift was little enough for their labour. The Secretary was instructed to write to - the different legal managers and boards of directors notifying them of the same. At a previous meeting, Messrs J. M'Lure, jun., and 31. Sullivan, Drummond ; ,0. Arnold, Taradale ; were proposed as apprentices of this Branch. They were balloted forand accepted. Mr Edward Neener, of Taradale, was proposed, and will be balloted forata future meeting. Aftorbusinessof a routine character the meeting closed. A meeting of the Mount Alexander Agricul tural Society Committee was held last night. Mr Gaulton presided, and there were present Messrs Woolley, Hopkins, A. Halford, Wilson, Paget, and Horwoud. A letter was received from the Hon. N. Fitzgerald, enclosing a cheque for L2 2s. It would afford him, he said, pleasure at being present at the Show. The owner of the Punch and Judy Show inquired if he could erect a tent in the ground. The Secretary will communicate that he can have the privilege for LI. Mr Williamson, who is to exhibit a pen of fat cattle, wants an extra bar put up,: which will be done.. The Secretary will have bis office at- tho western end of the eastern wing of the market, which will be more accessible than the place formerly used for that purpose. Several arrangements were made to have everything in a ready nnd fit state for the display and protection of euch exhibits as art- liable to he damaged. The cup from Messrs Fitzgerald and NewmaD, a very handsome one, was received. It was mentioned that a sub scriber of LI had the privilege of making entries to an extent than was unfair to the Society, who might have many prizes to pay to the one exhibitor. This question was discussed, and it was suggested that for exhibits of stock the entries should be limited to three for LI ticket, and that a percentage should be chatgcd on all prizes exceeding three. The Yaid Com mittee will inspect the yard on Tuesday morn ing to see if there are any wants to be recti fied. The officers of the Railway Department have received 2,755 applications for 222 vacancies on the general stall-, as follows : — Permanent-way repairers, 527 applications, 00 vacancies ; por ters, 896 applications, 50 vacancies ; engine- cleaners, 804 applications, 80 vacancies ; labour ers, 130 applications, 10 vacancies ; linemen, 40 applications, 4 vacancies ; instrument-fitters, 12 applications, 3 vacancies ; youths 'for various classes of work, 35 applications, 25 vacancies ; : junior clerks, 300 applications, 37 vacancies ; and operators. 11 applications. 3 vacancies. 'No fewer than 300 additional applications had to be rejected on account <-f inf-.rmallties. The edu cational examinations uf candidates will be held at Ararat, Ballarat, Castlemaine, Geeloug. Mary borough, Melbourne, Sandhurst, and Seymour, on December 3, commencing at 10 a.m., except in the case of junior clerks, who will have to at tend at 9 a.m. The examinations will be con ducted by the inspectors of the Education De partment. The ' Geeloug Advertiser' states that a new gold-bearing quartz reef has been discovered in the Mount Misery ranges, which promises to excel any yet opened in the district. The reef, which lies east and weat, is reported to hare yielded from 7dwt to 9d«t of gold per ton, so far, and as it is well defined, and the stone pleuliful, and richer the more deeply it is tested, the discovery is likely to lead to a revival of quartz mining in the district. The reef has been taken up for a distance of about L2.000ft., amongst the principal prospectors being Messrs Richards Bios. The Government diamond drill which was recently Eet to work on the hank of the Leigh River, at Mount Mercer, for the pur pose of thoroughly tearing the alluvial value of the land in that locality, has completed the first of the series of bores marked out, and has com menced the second. A fair idea of the quality of the land cannot yet, of course, be obtained The following are items from New CJe-. donia : — " Immense bush-fires had beeu raging for several days in the district situated between St. Louis and the Pout des Franca is, and the residences of most i-f the settlers were many times threatened with destruction, while the fencing will have. to be generally replaced. The conflagrations 'are attributed to the natives, who have adopted this dangerous method of clearing off the scrub. — 51. D. Ordinaire, formerly a mem ber of the Chamber of Deputies; in Paris, has arrived in Noumea on a mission from theFtench Government to inquire into the working of the penal establishments. — A couvict named Clat- it, who uas been twice condemned to death and twice reprieved by the ill-judged ' clemency of Presideul Grevy, has just met with a tragic end. He had been interned iu the island of Nou as a daugetous criminal, but succeedtd iu effecting bis escape on the 2Gth of October. Soma of the native police, led by Estrada, set out in pursuit of the fugitive, and after explor ing the whole of the island, found him hidden in a thicket. Called upon to surrender, Clatut immediately took to bis l.eels, but his flight and his life, were put an end to by a single, discharge- from ilie officer's revolver.— An armed convict,: escaped from Duubea, has become the terror of all persons settled indite gorges of Mont Hoghi,- where be maintains himself by acts of brigau-; dage and. by killing sheep and cattle; Hitherto' he has evaded all attempts to capture him. '' Scab has made its appearance in Sir Bullen's Okaria flock, Greetihill station, Kaikoura, New- Zealand. It is suspected that the infection was intentionally conveyed by someone. An 'out-; break is also reported sb having occurred on an isolated run at Tollhouse, Nelson. The convicts Thompson, Hughes aud Jnrvis, who recently escaped from the gaol at Free- mantle, are 3till at large. The trackers followed: them on Monday for 5 miles, and then lust the. tracks in the dense bash. .The escapees made for. the Canning district, where they were seen by several people. Hughes told an- old man he would not be taken alive. The police got on to; their tracks leading to Canning Hills, where in bis previous bushranging career Hughes -has his main camp. The Government offer a reward of L200 for t lie re-capture of the convicts. A Duriolly nnd Inglewood syndicate have dis patched Messrs Middleton and M'Donald to the! norther pait of Queensland prospecting. Tbej latter gentleman has had considerable experience in that part of the country, having been for! several years with the geological surveyor of; that territory. He slates he can find a nioun-i tain which lie has maiiy a' time traversed, and,' which lie believes is auriferous, and a good- payable reef to.be found there, the. appearance of; the formation and stata'reseinbling'tha't'of Mouut Morgan. . Charles Brown was charged at the Louth Police Court on Thursday with feloniously, murdering John ; Alexander Mark, manager of. 5Iarra station, by stabbing him. The medical evidence of Dr Wilson showed that death resul ted from a wound inflicted with a knife. Other evidence showed that accused had been refused; some payment by the deceased, and threatened to summon him, whereupon the deceased knocked the accused 'down with his fist twice.; The accused, on rising the second time, showed the knife to keep the deceased away, but the' latter rushed at him ., again, and when .tliey parted the deceased put his hand to his side and' said, " He.has got hie right ;this. -time." The accused Was committed for trial.- 