NEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, December 7. The Hon. M. B. Hawke, captain of the M.C.C. English cricketers, left for Melbourne by the express to-night with a view of catching the Qrmuz, and proceed' jog by her to England. His immediate return home is rendered necessary by the death of his father, Baron Hawke. W. W. Read is at present acting as captain o( the cricket team, A destructive bushfire has been raging for twenty-four hours on the western side of the Berrlgan, in the Jerilderie district. Several settlers are completely burnt out and their _ crops destroyed. The fire is now spreading towards Wonnamurra Run, sweeping everything before it. A gentleman named Thomas Parker, aged 40 years, who had been negotiating the purchase of Rookery Station, in the Cobar district, was found drowned at the Tear of the hotel at Young. It is supposed that he committed suicide, as he has been uneasy owing to the non-arrival of remittances expected from New Zealand to -enable him to complete the purchase. A case of highway robbery is reported at Newcastle, the victim being the wife cf a produce merchant, who was assaulted and robbed of £7. Mr. A. H. MoCalloch, one of the members for Central Cumberland in the Assembly, who recently assigned his estate, will resign, as his seat is likely to be disputed. It Is stated on good authority that none of the designs for the State-house could be carried out for anything like £150,000, the sum proposed to be devoted to the work. The design recommended for first prize would cost £750,000 to carry out, and the others selected as next in order cf merit would cost £405,000 and £334,500 respectively. The weather has been very unsettled during the last few days. The extreme beat of yesterday was followed by high winds to-day, and rain set in in the evening. Light rain 1b reported from the coast districts, but fine from the rest of the colony. Reports from some country districts atate that the financial policy of the Government is regarded with great disfavour, the abolition of duties on farm nroduce and timber being especially condemned. 