I - Pastoral News, Stock Movements, and Markets. FORBES WEATHER REPORT.- Friday evening, Nov. 25. We are now beginning to feel the real summer heat. Several days this week the thermo- meter has reached 100 degrees in the shade, and as there has been no rain things ore beginning to look rather dry. Bush fires have been burning all round us during the week, and, if the present hot weather continues, some rather extensive ones may be looked for shortly. As the summer advances the grasshoppers become more numerous, and their raids on the green herbage is already beginning to be severely felt.-Forbes Times. WAGGA WEATHER AND STOCK REPORT.-Nov. 25\. It has been very dry in the Murrumbidgee district for the past fourteen days, and no rain has been recorded at Wagga. The country, so luxuriantly covered with thick grass, has now as- sumed a very dry appearance, and the risk of fire is now very great. Some persons in the country have taken a very wise precaution before the grasB has become at its dryest, by burning grass off here and there with a view to making lanes in case of fire in the future, and which, of course, Bhould fire occur, will make the matter of overtaking fire and extinguishing it far easier than it would be had they not done so. Fires have been very general during the last few days, and the density of the atmosphere denotes that some of them cannot be far from Wagga. A large fire is raging at the end of Pominkalarna run, near the Rock, some 20 miles from Wagga, and work has been done in various parts of the estate to cut off the fire. Most .of the fires have as yet been extinguished without very serious damage, butin a little while, especially if it continues as hot as it is at present, the work of extinguishing will be far more difficult. There is no sign of rain, but the barometer points slightly to change. Rain would be very acceptable in this district, and would do much good. Stock is in good condition, dry feed, and in some parts young grass still is abundant, and the water supply is sufficient for all demands. Buckingbong, North Banoo, and Midgeon have had slight outbreaks of fire, as also have Browley and Grong Grong, the latest occurring close to Bundidjarie boundary. The following stock movements have been reported at Wagga:-Approaching-3000 wethers, A. E. French, owner, Oakhurst (Forbes) to Ringwood (Corowa), via Morangorell, Wagga, and Marrar, Wilson in charge ; 900 store bullocks, Ravenswood (Queensland) to Albury, via Marsden, Morangorell, and Wagga, Andrew Brown owner, E. H. Ellison in chartre.-Exvress. HAY STOCK REPORT.-November 25.-To-day was the first real hot one of the season, the ther- mometer reaching to 100 deg., but a fine breeze was blowing, and the heat was not therefore so oppressive as it has been felt when the weather was muggy. There was some dust flying about, but nothing equal to what we have seen at this time of the year. We had the first bush-fire of the season on Thursday, in the police paddock. No road movements are recorded since last. 500 fat wethers, the property of Mr. Wm. Alston, were trucked at Carrathool to-day, consigned to Wilkinson and Lavender, Homebush.-Riverine Grazier. I DENILIQUIN STOOK REPORT.-Friday evening, November 25, 1887. The weather has been very hot since last report, and the last two days have I been the hottest of the season. The pastures are I now drying up rapidly, and the grasshoppers are I swarming about the district inwyriads. Even the 1 streets of the town are invaded, and the spectacle I of millions of grasshoppers resting on the metal and in flight is a curious one. Unless there is a change I to rain, which would have the effect of driving . them off, much damage must result from their ravages. The extreme heat to-day betokens » change. The following stocks crossed the Denili- quin bridge this week :-1000 fat sheep (Moodie's) to Victoria; 52 fat bullocks from Toganmanin; 12,600 fat sheep from Billilla and Weinteriga ; 3300 do. from Netley and 5000 do. from Willandra, all to Melbourne. The following truckings aro reported by Mr. Wooldridge :-2045 wethers (W. H. Haley's) to King and Companv yesterday, and on Monday next 3 trucks sheep (C. Walker's), and 1160 sheep (Richardson's). He also reports the sale of 1O0O owes on account of J. Murch, Wakool. Mr. Thies forwarded 4500 fat sheep (Wittingham Bros.) to Richard Gibson and Co. Messrs. Mckenzie Bros, forwarded yesterday 3300 Netallio wethers t0> Powers Rutherford and Co. ; and on Monday nexfc they will send away five trucks sheep (Vagg's) to> tho same firm. The River at Deniliquin is_ 30ft. 4in., and has fallen eight inches since the maximum rise. In loo <1 transactions Messrs. Braim, Tompson, and Davidson, Deniliquin, Wagga Wagge and Hay* repout selling 1700 ewes and 700 wethers on oeuoiuifc of D. T. Wilson, Bolero ; 900 6 and 8-tooth rams oil account of S. B. McGowan, Victoria ¡ 250 rams oa account of Pearsons and Dill, Toogimbie ; 70 rams on account of Messrs Austin and Millcar, Canoon s and 50 2-tooth Groongal bred rams. Also in the Melbourne market 66 fat bullocks on account of G. Mulholland, Oura. And in the Sydney market 280 fat lambs;on account of Bell Bros., Carathool. Ia the Ballarat market 40 fat cattle on account o£ Richard Rivers. And deliveries of 7233 mixed weaners on account of P. Heffermau, Clear Hills s and 2165 mixed weaners on account of B. Bennet, Yanangery.-Pastoral Times. 