Sato mtft Criminal ftontte. SUPREME COURT—IN B1VCO. TUESDAY, JULY 19. [Before the Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Boucaut.] APRLICATIOS TO FILE AN ASSIGNMENT. IN THE MATTER OF AN ARTICLED CLERK. The applicant. George Augustus Barry, was articled to Mr. H. L. Whittell, solicitor, in July, 1SS2, and in December last his articles were transferred" to Mr. Henry Upton. A certificate of the assignment should have been filed within three months thereafter, but through an inadvertence Mr. Berry cn;itted to do so. Mr. Upton, on behalf of the applicant, asked the Court to allow the assignment to be filed nunc pro tunc. An affidavit by Mr. Berry Betting forth th8 facts having been read, the Court granted the application. {MOTION FOR RULE NISI. T. .7. ROBERTS v. JOHN WEBB "" The parties are farmers, residing near Balaklava. At the Local Conrt of Bilaklava recently the plaintiff sued defendant for £10, on account of damage done on his farm, in February last, by a fire which had soread to it from the defendant's land. The Court gave judgment for plaintiff, with £36 damages. Defendant now appealed against this decision. Mr. T. Gepp, on behalf of the appellant, asked for a rule nisi on the grounds—L That there was no evidence of negligence on the part of his client; 2. That there was no evidence to show that fire had spread from defendant's section to plaintiff's section; and 3. That the Local Court had wrongfully admitted evidence on behalf of plaintiff. He said the plaintiff's case went to show that defendant lit a fire on his own section. The southern boundary of tbat section was divided from plaintiff's section by a road a chain wide, while the northern boundarv consisted of scrub and j>ine-trees, which alio extended for several chains inside the section. Defendant's southern boundary was a fence with scrub and pine inside, and a chain road outside, AB he had a right to do under the Bush Fires Act of 1SS5, tne ^defendant lit a fire, after clearing the ground around it. The Act only required him to clear half a chain, and he had cleared a chain, besides taking many other precautions. Mr. Gepp submitted that having complied with all the provisions of the Act defendant had an absolute right to light a fire on his own land. Mr. Justice Boucaut—But supposing he lights a fire on his own land and does not take proper precautions, he is actionable even if no accident occurs. Mr. Gepp—Therefore I say there must be negligence to make him liable in this case. The Chief Justice—The law in Eaglanl is that if any person accumulates water on his own property by a dam or otherwise, r or lights a fire on his land, it is his duty in the one case to keep the water on his own premises, and in the other to prevent tha fire from injuring any one else's property. H« <3 responsible for all damage. I certainly t!\ink it would be an astounding thing if the Legislature of a country like this, where bush-fires in the hot dry seasons are BO imminently dangerous, should in any way relax the protection with which the law of England surrounds property. Mr. Gepp—The evidence shows that my client did all tnat the Act required of him. It further shows that about an hour after the defendant lit his fire a fire sprung np on the plaintiff's section between 6 and 7 chains away from the place where the fire was burning on defendant's land. There is no evidence to connect the two fires, and there is rather a conflict as to the direction of the wind. Plaintiff says the wind was blowing north. Defendant says it was blowing north-east, and that at no time did the smokes mingle. Mr. Justice Boucaut—The fire might have been carried by a spark if the wind would allow of it. Do you think, Mr. Gepp, that if the Act merely provided that a person must give a month's notice before setting fire to scrub on his land, he would have an absolute right to light a fire there after giving that notice ? Mr. Gepp—Yes, I think his right would be absolute. The Chief Justice—The question raised is an important one. You shall have your rule, Mr. Gepp, bnt you must understand that it is a very perilous rule for yon. ADMINISTRATION SUIT. MURRAY AND OTHERS V. MURRAY AND OTHERS. Plaintiffs are the executors and trustees of the estate of the late John Murray, of Mount Crawford, Defendants are the children and grandchildren of deceased and the beneficiaries nnder the will. The grandchildren, James Dawson and Helen Dawson, are under a|e, and the present application was to appoint their aunt, Miss Alison Hope Murray, guardian ad litem for them, Mr. H. E. Downer said the suit was a friendly one. The testator devised to trnBtees the whole of his real and personal estate, with directions that it should be sold at a time that they considered most suitable. The family had made arrangements by which certain children proposed to buy portions of the estate, and the plaintiffs thought it would be to the advantage of all parties if the arrangement could be carried out, the estate being a large one and the market being very depressed. In the meantime it was desirable that the grandchildren should have a euardian. Miss A. H. Murray, who waa willinz to undertake that office, had no personal interest in the estate or in its disposal. Mr. Downer said he would file an affidavit of his own in the matter. Order as prayed, on solicitor filing a*H davit. POLICE COURTS, ADELAIDE: TUESDAY, JULY 19. [Before Messrs. S. Beddome, P.M., and J. Williams, J.P.] Kate Weldon and Nelly Day were fined £2 each for loitering. Francis Huston was fined 10s. for drunkenness. Robert Barber, a middle-aged man, was charged with stealing a lady's jacket, valued at £3, the property of Rhoda Chamblin, on July 16. Inspector Sullivan appeared for the prosecution. Sergeant O Uallaghan stated that on Sunday Berber gave himself in charge at the watchhouse, saying that he had stolen a cloak from the South Australian Club Hotel. He further stated that he was drunk when he took it, and pawned it for 4s. Barber pleaded guilty, and was ordered to be imprisoned for six months with hard labour. 