Durham. November 1. The residents of Hinton are likely to have a post and telephone office for that township, as the member for the place, Mr. J. W. Bowes, has been informed that the offer of a well-known builder of tho locality (Mr. J. Stuart) has been accepted to erect an office, and let the same to the de partment'. It is very clear that the element of harmony is wanting in the Morpeth Borough Council; hence a great deal of friction occurs from time to time. Tho great 'bone of contention ' lately has been the dispute between the council and Mr. Inspector of Nuisances Reed, in connection with which there was a District Court action. The case was settled out of court in a manner that ought to have given satisfaction, but some of the turbulent spirits of the council did not seem satisfied, and the result was that the subse quent meeting was broken up precipitately by tlie Mayor leaving the chair to prevent a row. During the recent westerly gales a ' bush fire occurred on the Cobreei Hills, nearDungog. Although the fire pre sented a very imposing spectacle at .night, no further damage appears to have peen occasioned beyond the de struction of grass. This is early for bush-fires, but if the present weather continues, fires are bound to occur, and residents would do well to be prepared. On Saturday, the 22nd ultimo, a rifle match took place between the Lambton and Morpeth volunteer brigades, re sulting in a win for the latter by 12 points. The 30th anniversary of the Hinton Baptist Church was celebrated on the 25th ultimo, by a tea and public meeting. The pastor of the church, Ucv. O. Stark, who was ordained as minister of the church on the afternoon of the same day, presided. There was si good attendance. A new organ has been placed in the church. For some years Miss L. S. Patueld has been a teacher in the Piitersoii Sunday-school, and, on her removal froui tho district, wan last Sunday presented with a handsome writing desk, by the teachers and scholars. The same young lady has been the organist of the local Anglican Church for some months past, and the churchwardens last Sunday made her a present of £5 5s., in recognition of her services. 