tirms or f2fiD 5. Loxdox Socialists. — These gentry Acnin resorted to their peculiar tactics on last Sunday. Our cabe#»rains ftn&onnce; that ft number of Socialists attended the Attemoon service at ot. r uls uatziear&L; and behaved noisily. They afterwards dis persed quietly, la free victoria, not only is a person who interrupts public worship in any church liable to a severe penalty, bat in Melbourne at least it is a punishable offence for a cabman to trot his horse past a church while aervzoe is In progress. TVom the repeated made with re- gard to the Sunday antics of the Socialists, we would imagine that the London police are powerless, and that there is no law In the old country winch protects a congrega tion encaged In public worship from ruffians who come to scoff — and who do not by any means rem sin to pray. vtermant and .kussia. — cismarck still coquets with the Car. The latest telegrams from Berlin state that the semi official organ the JVbnrf Dcutsc&e; JSatxng re iterates its f armer declaration that Germany will sot meddle with Eastern quarrels, and will not dispute the Russian in the Balkan peninsula. The Teuton is evidently determined to outbid the Gaul, although, we should imagine, France would deem no price too high to pay for an alliance with Bmyia Fringe Alexander, of Battenber g, who is suffering from small-pox, according to bulletins isued yesterday by the physi cians In attendance, is improving in health. Asothkb Disastrous Bosh Fjbe. — In our last issue we published a few detail respecting a bush-fire which occurred last wesk on and around Eangertong, but had then no conception it had been so disastrous as we have since ascertained. What renders the occurrence still more deplorable is the fact that & number of small owners, men owning their ten, twenty, or a hundred acres, have lost every blade of grass, every foot of fearing, and at times their homesteads were so imperilled that- total ruin appeared to be i Heritable. The origin of the fire is believed to have been sparks from some of the slumps left burning by the fire which devastated Danmone and Harton Hills. Be this as it may, on the afternoon of the 22nd February a fire swept through Mr. Eazirs property, adjoining Eangertoug, leavin? him only his house, even the garden being destroyed. Next it destroyed all but the houses on several small daces, and reaching the Hon. X. Thornleya estate, Kangertong, rushed through several large paddocks with light- inng-fike speed, tinman opposition being powerless to contend against such a bank of flames, miles long and a tremendous height, the latter being Drought about by burning trees. Beaching Mr. D. O'Brien's place, the frn mad# s h3m» kflmMi nf rarrfhino- tiiikt stood in its way, rallied faroegk Aibont Boose golly, aad again got on to Hanger - toog, threatening Messrs. Qmnlao aad Green's properties, be also St. Patricks Day estate. It seas blowing a perfect gale all the time, and toe opinion is that had the fire started a few hoars earlier it wo old have extended throoghoat the Shire of lit Boose. Oi i Woodlands, Messrs. Baird and M'Matoer's property, the greatest amotmtof damage was done, it being estimated that these gentlemen lost at least 30,000 acres of grass, sad seeing that this district has re cently been iTfatted by & number ofWimmera estate owners in search of pasturage, Messrs. Baird and M 'Master will, it is feared, ex perience great difficulty in obtaining any feed for iter sheep. Considerable damage was also done on toe lower half of toe Kan- gataa ran, and foe Hem. X. Xhoraley esti- matrehfates at at least 3000 acres. What toe Dmmmre fire commenced the one ander notice has completed- When the Hon. F. Locgmore was travelling throogh that csnniry on a fosr of railway inspection, be compifooed about the number of fences. Now aR the fencing between the two toads to Belfast has bees clean swept away and will entail aa expenditure of many thous ands of pounds on foe nnfortnnate sufferers. On Satardav morning 24 paints of rain fell oa Eaagertong in the short space of 3 minutes. If fois was general throughout that portion of country aji danger of foe fire breaking out again shocld be part. oromaam.iss — 21s usuraui e us foe kindly feeding existing between foe Hamilton and Carterton Baang Gobs, not- withstanding foe efforts made to distort) it by an intigrfficsat section of foe press, we quote foe fbQnwing letter sent far Mr. Ingpen, Secretory of the Cbsterton Gab, to Mr. Skroe. foe Hamilton Secretory ' "The Committee oS fois Gob instruct metoex- press regret foat there foosdd bare been any ex onr respective meetings. tVbro foe 13fo and 14ft <2 April were mentioned by rail was overlooked that yon had three dates foe previora year. Thm Committee wosld he sorry to dash orcasse any Qhfoefiu with another CSnh, and in artier to arete this fa future foey suggest foat a meeting of representatives effoe diffiroit Qcbs in tios dirtriri be brtd fas eanrtoient place to aizaise foe dates far -next: year. I foaR be sd to have the liewsei yoiar Conmattee on 65s sshject.- The Lisd Act. — Laceasas ap- prorved : T. Pleteber, Bdendimc ; A-Chira- mde Ifatnfo; J. KSm, Tnsfa; Siptea HAfam, Nfaa; H. Thwrimrs. Chasswrefo West ; C. Hollowly sod J. ItEachern, dentin; anderecntora of fate J. Robertson, Isojimau Grantsamroredx W. Coroev. Beoek; and J. M<3nre, ArapOes. leases approredr J. Chit ag, DmauDkle; HChranane, Lawfait; Mary J. Desor see Hstrtrrew, Snirakarl ; O. Edwards nndF. Steer, Yaxmjy; ESen E. Xfeaa nte Mabtm, Mortal; C Hayloek, Knmepo; E. M<DonaU, Awrama; B. Bcfow, Kont Sarin; J. Sadden, Bring- slberi; J, Taylor asd G- Smm. Ifaxra- gas; H- Wsfohas, Bensyeo; sad A T. TFxBs, Chxramand Tarandsrey. Rinwir Mime; — Smaoar lias it that fodgetmwhfa to jnsazy its vsmBanaace. uetotosatj lacks mmfinnatinn. Befare stonrnfaii foe rapoaatrafa it faXfady fofofogcgcofe- BmnesdjfaSoes to foe Adriaide traffic poa- sBde. Mfehfag on onr ragwy prapecte, Sag afaDcofaafe wifo Mt Spagfa, Hanwlhei eomeE ie» «a vmt, «i fluril.tJ . foe Grange. : The matter of foe i-amsnrn m&LAFtLt; timefoUe mi' ss to nmkx foe -Berfotod Uahns Ct fawifofoearrinds snd drpsiforevarfor (MSFhade egmem at Ararat ' fa vp(yBffirag)toJijeesoangMed 1 Ca«s- or foe ajllt 'kfaAfow,' te.toto to fhi in'ijhiito' iifialli fiiri I a ell 1 1 -li.:'-.. Valedictobt. — Miss Conmngton, wbn h«R filled the position of first Wy assistant in tbe Hamilton State school for nearly four years, has been transferred to tbe Qneensberry-street school, Carlton, Alel- bourne. 3Da consequaice of this, our wii way platform was the scene of mutm jnvunue exciteinent on Friday evening last, the children and the members of the team ing staff being present to bid farewell to the young lady. Daring the day Miss Ounning- 4»n raMkivMl ninnMVUia inisrtU)? kefiOSikfiS. in the form of cards, books, bracket, &c-;» from the girls aud boys of her class. Miss Cuuningtou was an energetic and pains taking teacher, and we hope she wili meet in her new sphere with the success she de serves. Military. — The resignation of the probationary commission held by lieut J. T. Good, Tictorian Mounted Rifles, is ac cepted. The Hamilton Detachment of Mounted Rifles will parade to-morrow (Wed nesday) on tire rifle ranges at 3.30 p.xn-, for the purpose of section practice with ball cartridge. Those unable to go on parade at the hour named may join the detachment later. This practice has to be completed by each man before he can class as an effective. Members are reminded that 30 rounds of ftynmimitinn are required for tbe practice. Uravtvg Aruis Available. — Amongst the grazinc areas notified in last week's Gazette as available for application under section 32 of the land Act, are the following in the Hamilton district, viz f— Mocatobra, Kb. 2 (section 20), SOOa ; Kana- winka, No. II, 1000a ; Dartmoor, Kb. 4S, 740a, and No. 52, 460a ; Killara, Ko. 20, 600a ; Tyrendarra, Nos. 17, IS, and 20, 040a. Hamilton Police Court. — Before Messrs. F. EL. Orrne, P.AL, and Jas. Wiggins, J.P.S at tiiis Court yesterday, an inebriate who had been disorderly in a public place, was fined 5s, with 2s 6d costs. P. Baikin proceeded against B» Baker, for the recovery of £4 16s, rent. The Bench, made an order for the amount, with 5s costs. Mr. Orme, as ft member of tbe licensing Court, granted a temporary license to Mr. C. Foley, f National Hotel, Coleraine, in counectiou with a sports meeting to be held on the 17 th March. Claim for Pexalttes. — A Supreme Court writ has been served upon Mr. Charles Bourne, a member of tire Belfast Borough Council, who is sued by Mr. Goble, a member of the Council, for £200, penalties under the Docal Government Act for certain alleged irregularities. Publications. — The Victorian Year Book for 1SS5-6 is to hand. Tbe work bss reached its thirteenth year of publication, and its author, Mr. ff. H. Hayter, C.M.&, the Goverzusestt Statist, is to be congratu lated upon bis sncceaful compilation of ft huge mass of valuable information R&sigstahoss;: — The Governor-m- Couuril has accepted the resignations of tbe following gentlemen, vis : — The fler. E. J. Mover and Messrs. D. MtMiom and B. Dewis, as trustees of the land temporarily reserved for Church of England purposes at Digfay ; the Bight Bev. the Bishop of Mel bourne and the Bav. J. C. P. Allnntt, as trustees of the site for Church of England purposes at Heywood. Medical — Dr.W.S. R. Woodforde has been appointed public vaccinator at Peushurst, vice Dr. Folfbrd, deceased. Hie appointment of Dr. Woodforde as health ! officer for the Shire of Mount Boose, which was announced in our columns some weeks ago, has been gazetted. Fjke at Bbuxg Bbxtgle. — A fire was reported to be burning on Mr. Bamsdean Brung Brangle estate on Saturday and throughout Sunday, but we believe did not extend to any of the adjoining estates. Deputy Becxszhab. — Anna 3L Boarke has been appointed deputy registrar of births and deaths at BessxbeUeT The Saxdhubst Esplosiox. — Eoenemanzit the manager of the factory at which the recent terrible explosion occurred, died on Friday nighty the eighth victim of the disaster. TheMildubaRust. — Thursday next ; is the last day for receiving tenders for the ' leasing of that part of the uaallee knows as : the MSdnra ran. Up to tbe present no ; tenders bare been received, nor axe any ex pected. Tbe Cha&eys; having established themselves in South Australia, the pro- ! babilities are that they have quite enough on thrir hands without bang burdened with ' Victorian waste hwflq Masagkbs of Coxxoss. — The Go- ; vernor, with the advice of the Executive CooxwiU has appointed Messrs. J. Gurry, J, Malseed and D. Lotter to be managers of : the Condah Swanq» Common. Messrs. Jas. Shanafi J. Guy, au»d Jas. Hirdk ace ap pointed managers of the Portland Boroogh Hf.ivt TacxDosrosx. — One of the meet severe thunderstorms ever felt in foe metropolis occurred on Ssmrdxy sfternocm. At sn early tear fa foe mooing a com paratively slight storm ns experienced, and another about li o'clock, fa foe fare- noon. About 5 p.m_, however, foe great disturbance took place. The thunder is de scribed as terrific snd tbe lightning of a most dangerous character. There was dro an mi- preced&ited; rainfall, over aa inch of rain de scending fa about 39 ruinates. Some of foe Melbourne streets were flooded, as also were foe low-brfag suburbs, a great deal of damage being done. The George Hotel, St Hilda, was struck by lightning, and foe slates knocked off tbe roof, besides uivfae foe whole braiding— a very large one — a severe shaking. Fortomitelv fa fois as fa a cumber of other cases where foe Sghfafag did damage, no lives were lost, some of foe escapes reported bang almost miraculous. It is delightful to learn on foe anfosuiiryof a Melbourne paper fast "Mr. Stay admits foe sesaxy of foe storm." almost foanlttneocrtf with foe dfatortanre fa Mrtbosrae heavy ftandevstocms were fait ax BaRarat, Gedong, Bacchns Marsh, Ifayfasfard, Mount Egortan, Traralgaa. Talbot, MifounQ, Dayiesford, Boork snd Eciura, also fa parts rf New South Wales, itofo damage was done, bat no fete&txes; are reported. Although we have ex perienced wanes hat angular weather at Hamiltogi dnrfng the iastfew davs, and there has been a good deal of Edsfag, we hare escaped re very Certainly there was heavy thunderclap and a dowp- paer of rain jast before dayhght oe Satur day raonfij, butnodaaaage was done aad foe flHmliaiwo was aR over before foe fofpitigreadaBtewetefaartyasratamfd. The Vi.G Atrrmrv Itsmss was wmiiwasd on Satocrday, and would, douht. less, have bees a very WHin aaueessbut far foe heavy nan alto fdl fa Mr&omae; on Friday SBaackomnsmg « fatn- dsy wbieh. poba&y.; prevrated Bany froaa ! Ukiaz a fafiday. Tbe praaciroi event oi foe was foe Newwarket Hanffirap, foe efoto£ia,aadnsfoas was rate Lodart, bteteknowntobarebn faaarigr barked, and be Hlrtam won foe fonrodon Stokes, Hottow the Ascot Vsde Stakes, and Trident foe St. Leges, all three boro fcronefoe=BTSOttitoetoteB i bare fefofokapnt deaf maneyftaB they bad to roartre. Tbefaall awqaranan wmnzng xneJiasewton Stokss«fS3ls«s wdhwswwp afSsoen, nafo added, one mile and a bJBq, fa Soda. SOJuecs. Won tow eanter-fav fonrktsuhs, VrtcsnoreceadaadHnxiloptkartL ValeStokra <f 65Bsra vrift a sweep of 39 sore. eMbaaded,&vteroy;«w«Ur,ftmeotac. tosrfewae, wwswrar W fbatTumeil alto fiBtfiByHorterte by afaiffifo wadw toS Wrtraneamd. andJBettinrd. l£g hgc- retee wra awdlyaros, of 315 Bore. yViwoa? stakes of tt noes. wh. added. LH to fofo great texreTfadrad, who, Hetortod,fooffid nran rare recewfak Sfonn to foetomtne fasnCspL tfafaUtosK £ to lor bora vr-d he tortBEsi. dfae wenBtonoe treeeeed to ten brtofamyjfcg bwa hatoTtere. SS aec. ;ikm>a was noeaod, wad ton - linglfa 111 laid bn lawrtol b»fa fawteJ mill i ilm Tin Iki TTi railll toflsfolfaltoMjferaMafe, LiiaSSsaffiiHttS&BEwy; "Wi-Ti I Thyrsi n« tS --"i iT -5SSd1:fo Wok and foe excitement was very great, not that foe jodgefa decision was disputed,but simply as stated, Lochiel was not noticed huggfag foe raffs and stealing np, all eyes being fixed on Abner.who being on foe other side of foe course could be more eerily seen. Had Abner won it would have made a good difference to the bookmakers, bis price at foe start bring 12 to 1. The Hopeful Stakes, of 200 sovb, with 5 sovs each added, for two year-olds, five furlongs, was won by Boz, an outsider. Lord Alien second, aud Pakeha T.nirn., Lime i mm ojeeva, xuc uaii itux of foe day, for tbe Brunswick Stakes, was delayed for some tame by heavy rain. This was a handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, with 350 sovs added, one mile and a-quarter. Yellow Jacket, comparatively an outrider, won. easily, Impulse second, and The Levite third. Ume 2mm 21 J sees. " Jeajtes" is Coubt. — At the City Police Court, Melbourne, on last Friday, William Blyden and Alexander Bloomfield, first aud second foofanen respectively, to Sir Henry Loch, were charged with absent ing themselves from his service without leave. The steward at Government House deposed that he had ordered the men to "dust some China," but foey refused, say ing it was not their work. Subsequently they left without giving foe month's notice to which their employer was entitled. Klvden stated fa his defence that it was not the footmen's work to dust China, and that foe steward had to'd them to clear out, which they did. The Bench was aboutto send these two desperate rebels against China to prison for three days when an application was made to have their wages forfeited in stead, and to this the Bench agreed. Is the community safe while such a hardened pair of " Jeameses" are at large? Roasted to Death. — A wire to foe Telegraph states that a shocking case of death by burning occurred at Blackman's Lead, within a rule of Maryborough, on Friday afternoon, foe victim bring an T.Ai.. known as Black Adam, who followed the occupation of a digger, and who bas lived fa a wretched faut fa foe locality mentioned for foe last eighteen years. About one o'clock s one neighbouring residents observed foe hot on fire, and on reaching it found it impossible to prevent its destruction, as ft was surrounded by dry bushes and other inflammable material, which by fois tame had. ignited. They accordingly I eft- it to its fate, not thinking the owner was peririung in foe burning debris. Ashe however, to put in an appearance towards evening, susradoB was aroused, and Mr. Kendro, a neighbour, proceeded to turn over the smouldering debris, with foe result that foe body was discovered lying on tbe floor near foe fireplace, charred faeyend recognition- Tbe brad was completely dis severed from foe body, which was literally roasted, one arm and teg bring charred into cinders. Tbe remains were conveyed to Maryborough to await an rnqnfst. The man has been nmdride for his morose dis- position, and it, is believed that poverty and iteywgwi iraifr fad hum to STitinilp the flame by winch he Um awfaDy perished. He was about fifty years of age. Aucttgsxees-' XAcesees. — Among those issued fa January last, a list of which is published fa last Fridays Gazette, are tbe following ; — Hamilton, Sexnnri Stretch ; Portlaxia, J. K. Wood. Texpobaey Reseevaugk. — A site for public buildings has been temporarily reserved at Cherwynd. The land contains two acres, bring allotments 2, 3, 4, and 5, of section 5, town of Chetwynd, comity of Dondas. "VFeseevas Church Hashltox. — The anniversary services of foe above church are to be conducted on Sunday next by the Her. &. Howard, of Merino. On Tuesday, foe Sth fast., a tea and public meeting will be held fa foe Temperance Hal). Fuller particulars will be given in our advertising columns on Saturday. 