Camperdown Chronicle. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 6, 1887. We hope that residents of Camper down •who regard themselves as leaders of the community have a sufficient reason for their absence from the meet ing convened to be held on Monday night to initiate a concert in'aido£ the Belli Belief Fund. Prior engagements under the circumstances, unless they were of the most pressing nature, can scarcely be regarded as reasons for non- attendance. The meeting, as our readers must be aware, was called for the purpose of taking steps to hold a concert on the evening of Good Friday, and a large attendance was confidently anticipated. It should be known that not half-a-dozen, persons put'in'an ap pearance, and of that number two were ladies. A. little more than a yearago the Heytesbury .' Forest -was dev»stated by bush-fires, and a large number of selectors were left homeless and penni less. The response that was then made from all parts of Australia to the appeals, to a large extent from this town, for help for the sufferers, was prompt and ample. In that instance there were no widows and orphans to help; but men with stout hearts and strong arms, yet the money for their assistance was given, freely and without a question. The recent disaster at Bulli, New South Wales, must appeal to us with a hundred times increased power. By the ex plosion at the colliery whole families have been deprived of their bread winners, and it is estimated that fully 400 persons, counting the old people, women and children, have been de prived of their chief support. It is not for us to enquire in what way the acci dent occurred; whether it .vas an act of Providence, or the carelessness of man. It ought to be sufficient to know that ■widows and orphans are needing im mediate assistance to cause a ready response to any appeal that may be made for help, no matter what form it may take. Th^re ought to have been a large and representative attendance at the meeting convened for last Monday night, and the pro moters have reason to be dissatisfied with the shabby response that was made to their notification. The con cert must, of course, fall through, as no time now remains for completing the arrangements for holding it on Good Friday night. We are aware that there were several other meetings fixed for Monday night; but under the circumstances some arrangement might have been made for sending representatives to what must be held to have been the most important. It is probable, however, that the residents of Camperdown will have another opportunity afforded them of con tributing to the Bulli Relief Fund, and in a more direct way. The president of the shire is, we under stand, to be asked to-diiy to convene a public meeting of the residents of Camperdown to take steps to assist in the relief of the sufferers by the recent disaster at Bulli. A ready compliance will doubtless be given, with the result that, a noble response will be made from Camperdown to the forcible appeal for help. We have already received towards a district fund the very handsome donation of £10 10s from Mr. James Dawsox, of Rennyhill, which we will be happy to hand over to the gentlemen who may be duly appointed to receive the amounts, at the public meeting referred to. Mr. Dawsox accompanies his donation with a few remarks, which are commended to the earnest perusal of our readers. With regard to the concert, it is possible that it may yet be arranged for, though it is to be greatly regretted that it was not taken in hand on Monday night. It may again be repeated that there has been a strong claim put forward for the exhibition of practical sympathy with the sufferers by this terrible under ground disaster, and the response to the cry for assistance should be ready and ample. 