WARMATTA. MONDAY, December 12. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) With regard to the harvest, there was every prospect of a big average until the rust made its appearance. It did not do a great lot of damage, and the farmers were hopeful, when the grasshoppers came down like a wolf on a lamb, scattering their long-cherished hopes of a bountiful harvest to the winds. And last, but not least,- a fire broke out at Berrigan, burning thousands of acres of grass and not a few crops, thereby finishing the little that was left. The fire started on Tuesday, and was stopped on the south side on Tuesday night. On Wednesday a few men met it near the Berrigan Creek, five miles from the Momolong homestead, and by burning a track managed to stop it. It broke out afresh on Thursday, when a terrible battle was fought by a handful of men whose only hope for the saving of their homes lay in stopping the flames. The men engaged were all neighboring selectors with the exception of one Momolong representative. To give an idea of what benefit the selectors were to the owners of Momolong, I may state that the manager was away from home at the time. The run comprises somewhere about 100,000 acres, and was watched by about half-a-dozen men, and half of them of the most useless type. Certainly the overseer and a few others worked like tigers. A fact to be re-: gretted was that the cook at Momolong found himself "boss" when the overseer was away, and sent out two lire sheep and flour to the halfstarved men, who had to work on very little food and not a drop of spirits. Everyone tiat, has had anything to do with a bush-fire knows! that a drop of stimulant is indispensable. It is' to be hoped that in the event of another firp these errors will be rectified. Another firei started through the carelessness of the owners on Mulwala run on Friday last. They were burning around a heap of sawn timber in the: middle of the day. However, I won't be too hard on them, as the way they struggled to put] 1 it out will make them careful for the future.] It burned about 2000 acres, and did not get off' the Mulwala run. The prompt manner in which. some of the neighboring selectors rushed to the Bcene is to be commended. The O'Dwyer Bros, and Mr. Smart deserve a meed of praise. They : had their horses harnessed to the stripper to commence harvesting operations. Tneir nnharnessing of the horses and the race to the fire would do credit to a crack fire brigade.. The manager of Nangunia and his men were among the first on the scene. It is my opinion that if the great Berrigan fire had been rushed as promptly by those interested, it could have been stopped with one-tenth the loss. Bush fireswill rage until such time as the large holdings are subdivided and peopled by men that are not afraid of fire. Squatters are very well iu their way, but as a rale, if the putting out of fires was dependent on them and their men, the country wonld soon be overrun with the devastating fiend. Speaking of fires reminds me that wherever a group of men gathered together they invariably ducuBsed politics (that is, when they had subdued the flames), and they all seemed to agree that the only hope for the people of Biverina was annexation to Victoria. I intended to dilate much further on our grievances, but I must not trespass on your /space. 