PIGEON SHOOTING AND THE . PHILOSOPHY OF SPORT. The extraordinary success of the recent race-meeting at Beech worth is ;more than encouraging to lovers of sport in, these districts. As we have already' frequently remarked, ana as, indeed, we ventured to anticipate, country racing was bound to go down before the com bined facilities offered to the general public to witness large events, and tbe ever-increasing attractions of Fleming- ton. At the same time, our prediction was not unaccompanied by hope that a re-action would take place, sooner or later. We even prophesied that Beech- worth would be one of the first places to show signs of this reactionary movement. We had only to await the hour and the man. Well, the hour and the man have come, and the scene at Baarmutha on Easter Monday, with its 1000 or 1500 spectators, waB but the outward and visible sign of the administrative capacity and tact of the hon. secretary, Dr Deshon. The club had already shared in the reputation won by Mr George Dennett for his most impartial and admirable handicapping ; but tbe ultimate and permanent success of all movements, institutions and undertakings depends mainly, if not solely, on tbo ability and zeal of the secretary. The Wangaratta and other of the district racing clubs are also still struggling to rise, as it were, from the grave, with more or less Buccess. Bat ia one branch of sporting Wangaratta has been peculiarly and swiftly fortunate. Like Minerva from the head of Jupiter, the Wangaratta Gun Club has sprung suddenly into full life and energy, armed at all points. It has brought within its fold some, if not all, the best shots within fifty miles, and it would not be easy to " wipe the eyes" of many of them anywhere, either in the field or at the traps. It had the prestige ol having that veteran sportsman p.nd once famous sLot, Mt John Norton, p.s its first president, snd it possesses in Mr W. J. Osbaldstone an hou. secretary who in that position has surprised his best friends, and surpassed nil .expeclalioos. He is full of resources in bis conception of new events, thus keeping the club well before tno public, and the great pigeon- shooting tournament which is to tako place at Wangaratta on Friday, the 29th ins I., is entirely bis suggestion, and mainly his work. He is fortunate in being well backed up by his committee and the membeis, numbering over fifty, and ever increasing. But what we desire to lay particular stress upon is this, that when Mr Richard Harris first proposed the formation of the club it was looked upon in some quarters as of doubtful promise, as it is so difficult to get men to work harmoniously in the town " where the bright (?) waters meet." These an ticipations were notonly quietly dispelled, but the club has brought a lot of good follows together from both sides of the vever, who withont.it would most probably never have met. They have _h;id.pij>ny_8.o.eial,,a3_5LgIl ns ehooting. gooa fellows from Albcry, Myrtleford," Benalla, Wangaratta, and various other parts of the district. Friday's proceed ings comprise two principal events, one of £50, as intimated by advertisement, and there are no less than 41 entries! A groat crowd of visitors from all parts is fully expected. - Beeghwortk Warden's Court. At this court on Monday Mr Warden Foster attended to give his reserved decisions in tbo applications of WjUiam Telford aud others (the United Sluicing Company) to be put in possession of cerfain registered ground at toe Three Mile in the occupation of George Newton. Mr F. Brown in structed by Mr Zincke, appeared for ap plicants Mr Tuthill for" Newton, who objected to the granting of the applications, in the first case (the ground in dispute being a triangular block held under the Leech worth mining bye-laws) the warden gave judgment for applicants costs, £3 os. Mr Tuthill gave notice of appeal. In regard to the second case, before the warden gave his decision Mr Tuthill asked mm to state a case for the opinion of the higher court, on the nonsuit points raised by Mr Finlayson at the hearing of the au- phcation on tbe 18th ir.st,— viz., that the certified copy of the mining registrar's books was not evidence, p.nd, secondly, tliat as Mr Telford, one of the applicants, had not produced his miner's right, the warden must. dismiss the case." as against »nc company. The warden adjourned the matter till the 10th May, on -the applica tion of Mr Tuthill, in order to give him tnno to state a case. ' "Weed Done, Children.— The public I school children in the ' Wagga Wagga district have already subscribed £126 I towards the fund for. the relief of the sufferers by the recent 'Bulli Collierv disaster. . ' - Boring at Chjltern. —The ' Govern ment boring party have bottomed in <he No. o bore in tjie ground- below the Ghil- uinif Valley claimWat' a ' clepth ofAjUSTy and are. going through Oft. of wash. show ing , gold. The bottom is apparently' a solt white sandstone. . i A" Substantial Contribution.- — Ser vices were held m the Town5 Hail; Mel bourne, on-..-Sundav afternoon bv the Australian Church in'' aid of the Bulb Relief Fund. The bail was crowded in e\ cry part. The sermon was preached by tbo Ilev. Charles Strong from Acts; chap XX, V; 3u — c 5 1 have showed vri:i fill f'nmffi,. how , that so laboring ye. ought to -support tho weak, and to remember the words of the. Lord Jesus, how He-said; Tt is mors blessed to give than to receive-"-' -A col lection realised £106 12a 3d " ... Death in the- Hospital.— AMarmer uaiced Moses. Foster, -who was admitted into the Wangaratta i Hospinal .some time ago Buffering from typhoid: fever, died on- Friday of peritonitis. The d»cei3ed "w-is a maruod man, aged 28, and a memoer of the Church of England, and was a broi-ber- in-law of Mr Elliott, of Rnihbrglen. The funeral took place on Sunday -ffter'-oon Wangaratta. Police Court - -On Sat urday, at tins court, a man named Henry .Sifctjfewae charged with being drunk and d-i- racily. and was fined 10s, or 24 hours' i..iwCisoE!tient; MesBrsBrasn and Bicker- ton, J.P. s, occupied the Bench- '-: ' Greta Cemetery. — The balance-sheet of the Greta Public Cemetery (the trustees of which are Messrs John- Carmichael,- John Donnett and- Jas. Curry) -'shows: the receipts for the past year to have beu £1, in addition to a balance from the precediug; twelve months of £36 3s 3d, - and ' tile expenditure nil. , . . .-.'. Murmungbe Sluicing Company, it— The manager .of, the above company,' under date April 22, reports : — We ) are driving west, to get into more solid ground. .Everything going. prL'well. , Gold for the week; TS'ozs., ' .. Farewell to Mr J. D. Fisher:- — On Saturday- last several of the intimate friends of Mr J. D. Fisher met together in the'Beechworth Club-room, at Tanswell's Commercial Hotel, with, the object of bidding adieu to that- gentleman, who is about to establish himself iu business iii Sydney. Mr Zincke was called upon to take the chair. -The chairman, after champagne had been uncorked, in a neat speech proposed "The Health of Mr, and Mrs Fisher, and also that of Miss Fisher." He bore testimony to Mr Fisher's worth, and while they regretted that gentleman's departure, in leaving Beech worth.he had no doubt considered that it would be for hi3 advancement in life, whech he (the chair man) hoped would be the case. The toast having been moBt heartily honored, Mr Fisher feelingly replied. He thanked all present for their good wishes, and hoped that the change which he had determined on would be to his advantage. He assured them that he would not forget Beechwortli nor the district, where he had lived all his lifetime, and he would be at all times glad to see any of his old fpiends whenever they should .visit Sydney. Mr Telford, J. 1?., in a few well-chosen wards wished success to Mr Fisher, remarking that when he did so ho but reiterated the wishes of that gentleman's friends, by whom he was universally respected. Mr W. J. Greer observed that he had had dealings with Mr FiBher for a large number of years, and could bear testimony to his worth and integrity. Mr Warren also spoke, remark ing that he had known Mr Fisher from his childhood, and his father before him. The Beechworth people had to thank the latter gentleman for their beautiful Baarmutha Park, which he had workedbvday and night, both with his money, to make what it was, in spite of considerable opposition. Mr Fisher iheni shook bands with each mem ber of the company,- and, with Mrsand Miss Fisher, left for Melbourne, en route to Sydney, by the afternoon train, a num ber of ladies and gentlemen assembling at the railway- station to bid tliein good-bye. Mining at the Three Mile. — Ah Ping and party last week washed up at their claim on the Lower Three Mile for a yield of 210 ozs of gold. . The yield is a handsome one, considering the small quantity of ground sluiced (half an acre), and with more systematic working and management than it at present receives the claim would doubtless give much richer returns. The gold was sold to the Bank of New South Wales, Beechworth. The same party last Christmas obtained. SO ozs from the claim. ' Crown Lands Bailiff. — Constable A. J. Middleditch, of Stanley, has been i appointed a Crown lands baiiiff in aud tor the colony of Victoria. British and Foreign Bible Society. — The annual services in connection with the Beechworth auxiliary of the above society were held on Sunday last in tho Oddfellows' Hall. In the afternoon the children attending the various Protestant Sabbath-schools, together with others from outlying localities, filled the . hail. The chair was occupied by Mr Jas. Sennett, vice-president of the auxiliary (iii the absence of Mr R. Harper, the president, through- indisposition), aud addresses wore delivered by that gentleman, by Mr TiiB- nmaic-jjing led ' by Mr JoliirjiTetclhSv and Miss Lawrence acting as organist. A collection taken up realised the sum of £2 13s. The - evening service, which was largely attended by the united church con gregations, was conducted by the Rev. J. Albiston, who preached t.he sermon, and the Rev. H. Swan. The church choirs, under t'na leadership of Mr Cunningham, sang a number of appropriate hvmns? with good effect ; Mr Jas. Cunningham, jun., pre siding at tho organ. :. The amount of the collection was £5 3s 7d. On Monday evening a social tea-meeting took place iii the Wesley an Schoolroom, followed by a public meeting in the' church connected with that denomination, at which Mr Sennett took the chair, addresses were delivered, and office-bearers - -for the ensuing year elected. " It may be of in terest to learn that - the collections on behalf of the Biechworth auxiliary funds during the p.ut year amounted to over Larceny rr.o.ir a Puiu.TC-nousE. — At the . Stanley Police Court last Saturday-, oefbre Messrs Jamea Crawford and John Jardine, J.P.s, Constable Middleditch proceeded Against Thomas Dodd, alias McCormick, alias Smith, for the larceny of a .bottle of sarsaparilla, value 3s, the property of Daniel O'Sullivan. Accused pleaded guilty. Daniel O'Sullivan, pro prietor of the Vine Hotel, Stanley, stated that the prisoner came to the bar of his house at 11 a.m. on Friday, 22nd April, and asked for a drink, ' and during the temporary absence of Mrs O'Sullivan he stole a bottle of :safsannriln trnni fRt. oR.-OP and walked out of the bar with it under his arm. .Mrs O'Sullivan, missing, the bottle,' followed the prisoner on to the road, and asked him to come back'to the bar. He did so, when the landlord sniw'iie had something under his arm, inside'hi3 shirt. He took ike bottle (produced) front the man, sent for the police, and prisoner was arrested by Constable . Middloduch. A Ion- lisi of previous convictions against the prisoner was read. He had ouly been discharged from Beechworth Gaol on the 21st April. He was -sentenced to one Gaol, with . hara labor. The aftaiv'6&. stoned quite a stir in - the -usually quiet township, for ine time being.' The Bulli Colliery Disaster In another column we publish an urgent appeal on nehalf of the runtl for the relief oi the sufferers by the recent terrible disaster in the Bnlh Colliery. It is there pointed- Cut -nat fifty women and one hunarea and fifty children have been deprived oi their bread-winners, and the ippeal is one that should meet with rea.lv and libera! response. We shall -be happy to receive and acknowledge siibscript-'oii3, and to xorward them to the treAsurer M the fund at Woolongong, New South Wales. : Leaving. for Europe.— BrFrank Haley, of Chi hern, will leave for Europe -on- an eanj date, ;He intends taking an extended lour, we.('- Chronicle' ) believe, and- will stay some .tune in the old country. - i i Bisease - Among Hqrses. — The 'oat-' break of . a new disease among borate 'w reported .from, the Gter&nnton; -'diakH«t - From the symptoms described, jr. . would appear to oe some affection of. th« £5 chivy 3, as the animal attached loses all power m-v. its- -hind-quarters,- arid' is unable to r:=e , from . the ground. ; Several/cases "b lve ivf- i jminated fatally, , and - many- aifunah hive I been attacked ; t 1 u I New Insolvent.— Win. (Edwin ,Gris- field, of_Cniltern, miner..,- . Causes of ->in. solvency: Losses made in milling apecula-- tions, pressure of creditors, yand: inability to get- constant -"employment? Liabilities, £287 9s, -7d' assets, £86-;" deficiency, £201 9s, 7d.-- Mr John Fletcher, official assignee. - v- :CI.£ H. A. C. B. S.— A meeting ofSt, Joseph's Branch, H.AiC.B.S,, iva9 held in St: Joseph's Hall, Beechworth, on Monday evening. The president (Mr J. Durrian) occupied the chair. A report was received from the committee in connection with the sports to be held at Baarmutha Park on the Queen's Birthday, and: a programme was submitted which was remitted to a sub- cammittee, to be finally dealt with on Thursday evening. A communication was also received from tho hon. sec. Beech- worth Volunteer Fire-brigade, asking the co-operation of tho branch in celebrating the Queen's Jubilee on the 21s I June, by joining in a procession of Friendly Societies. It was decided to reply that the branch would have much pleasure in giving the brigade every assistance' in tbeir power in making the celebration a success. A circular from -the Melbourne District Secretary H. A. G.B.S., relative to the Biilli Disaster, and requesting the assistance of the branch, all contributions to be sent to the District Treasurer, was read, and met with the hearty approval of the meeting, and a subscript ion-list was opened forthwith and responded to liberally by those present. As booh as the other members of the branch have been communicated with the total amount of tbe subscription will . bs forwarded to Melbourne. ' The receipts for the evening amounted'to £25 Is. ' > " 1 ''' " The Sludge Question. —We publish in another column a draft of the. Sludge Dis posal Bill, based on ', the report of the Sludge Inquiry Board, to be submitted during next session of Parliament. From a miner's point of view, the meakure ;is an iniquitous one, and, after reading it, no unprejudiced person can corns to any other conclusion than that, unless altered out of all recognisable shape, it will never pass the House, -if ever its framera should have the temerity to put it forward without' first subjecting it to material amendment. ' The "Songs of Scotland."— On the evenings of the 18th and iVth iust. Mr Robert Kennedy will re-appear to Beech worth audiences and give a couple of his charmingr entertainments, under the auspicbs of the committee of the Public Library and Burke Museum; Discovery of Gold. — -As will be seen on reference to another column, a new discovery of gold has been' made iu the Jamiescn division of the Beechworth min ing district, a telegram to that effect having been received by the chairman of tho Prospecting Board (Mr Donald Fletcher), and courteously placed by him and Air Alderdic'e, clerk to the board, at our dis posal. .The particulars to. hand as yet- are meagre, but it is hoped- that' the discovery will lead to the opening eufof an extensive and permanent goldfield. The Grain Market. — Ldcal quotations for grain have remained stationary for some time past, but there is a tendency towards a alight rise in he price of wheat: reports "Saturday's "Wangaratta Dis patch." The quotations at all the miiis are 3s 4d per bushel, but jv-e-hear of one er two small samples of first-class quality having -been sold at as high as 3s 5d. The Df.niist.— Mr G. R. Hall, dentist, will be in Beechworth to-day (Tuesday), and may ba consulted at Carroll's Star. Hotel. Mr Hall will also ba at Mr Rome's, chemist, Yaekauaandali, the following day. i Pigeon-shooting Match.,— A . match tired on Monday afternoon on the Wan garattaRricket-groiiud, in tU presence of 0 1? spectators ; Osbaldstone. who was on the 2S yards mark, conceding his" opponent a yard. Both killed three out of the five birds allotted to them, thus making a tie. More birds were sent- for,-' but only two could ba procured. . Paterson hit his bird, but it flew' outside the boundary, before it fell : Qsboldstone Killing his in excellent style, and thus winning. The shooting was hardly up to the mark; but this ' perhaps may be attributed to the exceptionally lively nature of the pigeons, which, wore most difficult birds to shoot in many in stances, they making off directly on being released. A considerable amount of speculation was indulged in . .over the event : and although there is'a-great ,dis-,. parity in the ages of the: competitors'— about forty years, we thinfc«,01<rTbin'? (aa-ralevson is familiarly 'designated) wa3 tbe favorite. Supreme Court Actions. — There dees not appear to be any probability of .anr understanding being coma to/in either of the actions Horrocks v.Foaly and D M O'Connor v the Bank of New South Wales." 'The first-named (for libel) would kav.i been- tried at. the next Circuit Court in Beechworin ; but, being a country cause and the pleadings having closed- too ' late for the required notice of trial, and the defendani s solicitor refusing; .to'- accept: short notice, the hearing has, necessarily oeen thrown over tili nexb sittings, pw cannot be heard before r.ie case of O'Connor v the Batik - of New bouih Wales has been set down for a Mel- bourue jury, and will be tri'ed iat tho next sittings: or the Supreme Court; Melbourne. 1 he writ in the former action., was served on tlie 21st October, last, and' donsidferable disappointment will be feltjby .-lovers of. the sensational on learning that the tnai n.is oeen delayed tor so Icus? a time . Attempted Suicide at. Chiltehn — Alexander Fraser, engaged "an1' a black smith at the Chiltern y.illey CJaiiu, while suffering from -the -.effects of- drink on Saturday, triad to ooninut' 'suicQo' _bv tuv.t..»s UTB.throar. - - , AUhongh-i ihllfcted'' a pasty wound seveinlmchea iil'Ieiifflh', I and . cut several- of-i't-htf Hi-ge''blood- i e.isels, he is said -to be oiif-ofdaner Dr Haley w.is sent for, anl-.thswound' 5,61111 >JP- Ao serious results ire expected Fraser is a married man, vith/ a large family. i Grants Approved. -Wnhali "Williams, 29a, Oxley ,; John O'Sullivan, iGiAlyrtle- ford ; Mai v E.. Harrison, loaifenght Licenses Approved.- Jiiijj- Craw ford, 201a, Nan-1, jfeaNisbe, 120.1, Ivergunyah ; Gharles:Gajimage,. 7a, Mnrmungee ; J«an McCabe JffaJv, Free- burgh ; Samuel Snaw, 56a, Wararatta ; A - -H.-Sharpe, 2500a, Bogorig Hfli Flams ; O. Jfoung, S800-J, Bogong teh Plains ; H. nDa PJiil+ovnlTftn 9ton, 140a,iBeethang- ; Ellen >jaher, -250a; Beethang-; John OBnen,. 58Q Beethang: P. Symington,.. 600a, Beethag ; William Symington, 470a, Beethang. A-National S urersrition.-jf he Vienna " Neue Fraie Press" says thtuu a recent interview, a. French atatesraaid that France. will r.ot comraonGe. lostiities be- cause, of tbo- belief, or-rathon sujitrstiJioii,- ex latsng:. .through out the cgiroijJh. itho power.- which begins the-mexlfwaV wil be defeated:-' ' " -. s \ ? ... "t « 1 i . i ' 1 l e" v r ' i Crystallised Kerosene. — If it'be true, as reported in the Russian scientific journals, that- one of their countrymen a chemist, has discoveredja-process-by "which petroleum, or kerosene, -can be reduced to the form ef.crystals," it will produce a striking revolution in the carriage aud dis tribution of that useful substance. All the .more so, if, as: is also stated, these fcjerosene crystals can be easily and safely transported to any distance, and then re converted into the original liquid form. Detection or Leaks in Water Mains. : — The microphone is now being used in: Germany for the purpose ef detecting loss of water through leakage in town mains. The apparatus consists of a steel rod, - which is placed upon the cock in the neighbor- hoed of which the leak is suspected, and a mjcrcphone attached to the upper end of the rod. A dry battery and a telephone complete -the equipment. No sound is hoard in the telephone if the cocks are closed, and no leak- occurs ; 'out a leak" of even a few drops through a badly-fitting cock causes sufficient vibration in the pipe to affect the microphone, and to give audible sounds in the telephone. At a recent meeting of gas and water engineers, in Eisenach it was stated that the appara tus is so simple to handle that, with a little practice, ordinary workmen are able, to detect and localise any leak. ir retention of Bush-fires. — The pre servation of forests from fire is a matter to which the utmost importance is attached in India, and Mr Clifford, mentioned the other day, to tlieVegetable Products Com mission, several provisions of the Forest Act of the great Asian peninsula, which he thought might very . judiciously be brought into application in the colonies.- He said; he was surprised to read that up- country stations or runs iu Australia were frequently pot to considerable danger by bushffires. In India similar danger was t obviated by tho enforced requirement, under the Forest Act, of " fire lines" iu forests and their immediate vicinity. Fire lines of sufficient width were burnt round forests where a natural fire line, such as the bed of a watercourse, did not exist. Fire lines were also formed around all buildings and camps where fires were lighted as for cooking, charcoal., burning, etc:, and sometimes the entire site ef the buildings, etc., was burnt ever. Under the Forest Act all persons having graztn" rights in the forest or employed by them in any way, as well as Government officials, - were bound under penalty to give infor mation of forest offences and to assist in- preserving the forest from fire, and the lighting of a fire in a forest in a careless or dangerous way was made a penal offence. A Remarkable Sect.— The strange sect who call- themselves the New and Latter House of Israel have established their headquarters at Chatham Hill, Eng land, where they are building an immense temple, which is to cost £50,000. The object is to provide a place where " the remnant " of the people of Israel — the 144,000 spoken of in the Book of Revelation — may gather. Up to the pre sent time £16,000 have been spent in build- ing operations by those people ; and the expenditure in this directions is still going on at the rate of from £10,000 to £12,000 per annum. The Choicest of Flesh.— An eminent French astronomer, who, during the sie-<e or Paris, ate rat, .mouse, cat, ' dog, bear, elephant, tiger, lion, horse and ' donkey, declares the flesh of the donkey to be the mo3t delicious, tender, and appetising of roasts. Tho taste of this gentleman has been emphatically endorsed by several witnesses at a trial that recently took place at Everenx. Christianity, Real and Formal.— Some of the;, London clergy, have taken a very remai-kab'e step. "Concerned at exist ing social conditions;- and conscious of their own faults," they have drawn an aitdcir'cu-. lated,. a . Grand Remonstrance, in which -MY ---..ovM-'ch to cease prop_hesY1,''s smooth- tmngs . to. the rich and -prosperous, and to, begin proclaim!"g" tli3 kingdom of the poor. of knovrledge, beaufei- ful objects, O.' luxuries, should be exorted to shmw <nem with the poor. Fashionable WieH must not parade ie gowns which have cost "a sister's shame or death." X optical economists are -to be told that five per cent, is, not a law of God .- and the whole congregation of faithful people is t0 be earned thfit. tho our xi._ service of Christ's felinw-m"n. The remon strance is nothing else in'fact than a pro clamation of real- as. against formal Christ!- anUy. And that- being so, It 13 no vronder : says a L>ndon paper, that the world cries' out througu the-" Times " for a somewhat less .rigid and peremptory programme." vNakes.— It is,- one would think,5 too late 111 the seasons for snake to ba on the move, and' tho stories relating to them may by many, be considered unseasonable at the present time. It is true !the autumn has not been a cold one Hosts cannot be said to have set in 'fairly yet, although we hare had some smis of their approach already ; still in most dis tricts. so rar south the presence of lively snakes would not be looked for at the end of the month of April. They have, how ever, during the past few weeks been numerous ana lively in the valley of the Mitta, -relates the Upper Murray paper. One mnue was round ia Mr C. Moore's paddoch a day or two ago, so we are' in-" ormed, and a dog attacked and dragged ! . j m3, 1-Urkl1,1" PIace beneath a heap of vood. The snake, a large brown one, bit V«Q ((Off. Which run 1 » .. una not oeen seen Since,- and it is presumable that it nas died from the!- effects of the pdi301,. 6 S.M'e about the-'first snake story of the season m August, and we think that 'he present instance stands a yery good show of beiug the last written of snakes during the season of 1886-7; ' S Mining at the Buckland — the manager of the Port Phillip claim. Buck hind, reports .-- No. 3 level Windermere Yom ff " in ft/r0m the coliar and 17ft iZh 'a, L, e,eI at 3haft end 13m wide, ikw&f-L; bl g0ld""tI(?ht trough +h3 width and, improving as we" go ih! v,,! 