The opinion has been frequently ex pressed of late that we utipjht not to allow tho present season to pnss I nway without supplementing the ' efforts formerly made to beautify our i town bv means of tree planting! Only a portion of the tn-iin business .thoroughfare has received uttentiuii in this direction, and it is now sug gested that the continuation of tne work at either end of the town would be highly beneficial to all concer ned. Whether the existing planta tion in High street should be extended or not seems to be an open question, as a numerous section of the com munity appear to favour the idea of studding each side of the street with trees in preference to an extension of the present plantation. That is a mutter, however, which we need not now discuss, as it may very well be left to one or other of our represen tative bodies to determine ; but as to its practical utility both from a sani tary and kalizoic point of view, there cannot be but the smallest shadow of a doubt. Happily the public at large are now more fullv alive to the great value of the eucalyptus as a lever preventing agent in this colony than they were a quarter of a century ago, although even at that date numerous towns and cities, recognising the sub stantial advantages derivable from tree-planting, energetically engaged in that work, with the result that to day many centres of li'e nre em bowered in a mas3 of healthful foliage, beautiful to view and in the highest degree beneficial to mankind, lie "who plants a tree, Bays' the adage, is a benefactor to his species, and there is no doubt that the systematic cul tivation of the eucalyptus and other suitable trees. in urban thoroughfares, destined as time rolls on to become thriving centres of business activity, is a social movement to be promoted and fostered at any reasonable cost. It is a laudable and an important pro ceeding. As a means of counter unting the predisposing influences which abound iu hot climates to pro- ; (luce typhoid snd other forms of fever, it would be ditiicult to over- estimate the value of the eucalyptus, Trees in a climate like ours, where the con ditions of temperature are so high £nd exhausting to the physical organi sation as at times . to seriously de range and impair the vital fnncthus, are a very refreshing relief to tk> organs of sight and smell, aud if they aie so studiously cultivated in older countries, us iu Italy, where the gum tree has, in tho ueighborht o 1 of mar I sites, been specially cultivated for iis J Valuable bygieuio properties, how j much more desirable ia to follow the same course here, where the blinding j heat is at tiraeB prejudicial even u robust animal li'e ? The fact has: L be considered that we are as a people more easier to destroy than to create or build up, and it is to the thought less process ol deforestation that finds favour everywhere that we owe so much of the barrenness and unlovely appearance of the country, to say nothing of other' evil consequences. In mining communities esp-cially we are a race of iconoclasts, if we may apply the term to the destructiim of trees instead of ifpagea, for intjapen- dently of the consumption of timber that is always necessarily going on for the supply; of firewood to our mines, the great process of exhaus tion is every year - or so very mate rially accelerated by destructive bush- fires that- periodically devastate the landscape. A supply of trees could doubtless be procured from the Go vernment Nursery as a public gift, and there is hardlv a shopkeeper or private householder who would not gladly plant tfie';' trees and tend them at his own private cost. The Coun cil might reasonably be asked to supplv the tree guards as in other municipalities, "and thus promote a good work. There is scarcely, if we except the reserves, a sound tree to be obtained witfijn many ; ;milee of Avoca, and every year the 'wood cutter and the wppdearter have to go farther afield lor timber for our mines At the same rate of defores tation, the time will corrie when, with out penetrating to the inaccessible hills the enhanced cost of firewood will be come a much more serious item than it now is, and will operate to cheek mining development and increase the cost of living. Besides these, there are many otiier 'reasons to be urged in favour of the systematic en couragement of reforestation, ; and with reference, to the approacbiog jubilee of the Queen there is no reasnn why the year should not be marked by the planting of some: of the finest spe-imens of the tree family. To say that the i? 1st of June would be too late in the season to success fully plant the trees is to conjure up a fanciful objection, for while the ceremony mignt be associated with the day, the work might be appro priately carried out in any favourable portion of t he jubilee year. In a quarter of a century hence it would signify bul little, if we could point to a magnificent vista of eucalypti, in what particular month the trees were set in the soil, so long as the event was consummated iu the jubik-e period. Some Shire Councils in the North make it a yearly practice to procure a supply of trees from the Government Nursery and present them free of charge to the ratepayers on the condition that they abide by certain very easy conditions. The Council supplies the guards, and the ratepayers i;l»'i.|y do. the rest-. A very acceptable fall of rain occurred in this district on Sunday evening, when it com menced to rain steadily and afterwards con tinued throughout tlie'night. It was much needed, and will do great good throughout tho district, as grass and vegetation of every kind hud become exceedingly scarce. | The services of the Avoca Sunflowers I have been secured for the purposes of a minstrel entertainment to be given by thorn at Lam plough on the 11th instant in aid of the Amherst Hospital. The troupe will also perforin at Elmhurst on the 18th instant iu aid of the Bulli Disaster Relief Fund. The inhabitants of Lainplough and Elmhurst may, therefore, be on the lookout for an en joyable treat. A mooting of the miners of Redbank and Hind was held at the Shamrock Hotel, Red- bank, on Saturday evening last, for the pur pose of forming a Prospecting Association. Thirty-six members were enrolled. It was proposod hy Mr S. Fleinming, and seconded by Mr W. Edmondson, and carried, that a working Committee be appointed ; and 13 of the most experienced miners were selected to determine tho various localities to be tried. Mr G. Bush acted as Secretary. How one trouble often involves and gives rise to another was very nearly being exem plified outside tho Avoca Police Court on Monday. Both parties to a suit which had just been disposed of, mot outside tho pre cincts of the Court, and immediately indulged in a wrangle about the truth- telling abilities of each other. Words followed in quick succession uutil mere verbal allusions gave place to hints at blows. One of the parties rushed off for the police to tako the other in charge for insulting, behaviour; but as the police were not present they could not, of course, interfere. A sympathiser rocom- mended the potency of a summons, but «6 both parties cooled down a little and sepa rated, it is to bo hoped that wiser . couuscls will prevail, and further trouble be avoided. The local Inspector of Nuisances, Constable O'Donnell, has lately been taking effective steps to improve tho sanitary condition of Avoca. In Bevoral instances the practice of keeping pigs in tjio. Jgiiirt .of . the . tpwn.was found to have created a nuLsanoe, and steps have been taken to abate it. But what ap pears tn be the most serious difficulty in tho way of strict cleanliness is tho want of a regular nightman, and better facilities for drainage. In the latter rospect the town is very deficient, as thore seems to be no escape for refuse except by way of tho river, which it is most desirable should be kopf free from pollution. No doubt speedy action will be taken to secure the services of a nightman and thus something will ho done to. prevent undue mortality arising from tno ac cumulation and improper disposal of ex creta. There is a rumour to the effect that the Bohemian Dramutio Club at Maryborough' contemplato paying Avoca tho conrlosy of a visit at an early daje, not yot fixed, and that thoy would bo willing to perform on behalf of one of our local institutions. Wo have not been nblo to verify this rumour ; but assuming that thore is tho possibility of such an oxchango of neighbourily amenities taking place between- the two towns, no loubt the Avoca Sunflowers would bo happy to return tho compliment by. giving an en tertainment ' at Maryborough. Probably something more tangible will transpire' in qui course of a day or two. It is a long time since thore was any reciprocal perfor mance or the kiud between the two towus. Our Ladias Benevolent Soeioty and- local Mocnanics Institute -both stand in urgent uuea-ol assistance; . . : Tho ordinary monthly meeting of tho Avoca Shiro Council will be hold at Moonim- hoi- to-morrow, when lenders for- several works wul be accepted,' : ' Tenders are invited in another column for the repair of a dam at Fryingpan's for the Maryborough Mining Board. Specification of the work can be inspected at this office. The attention of the Avoca Police Court on Monday was chiefly occupied in dis posing of a lengthy batch of cases in which quite a number of miners residing at Lower Homebush were charged with being in illegal occupation of Crown lands by having omitted to take out miners' rights. There was no appearance of the defendants in most instances, and in two or three cases, in which it was apparent that the defendants were either ill or incapacitated in some way, His Worship reduced the fine to 1s. The following persons were summoned and fined 5s, except where otherwise stated : — John Earl, Wm. Bassett, Jas. Power, John Williams, Thos. Tattersall, William Smith, (fined 1s being an invalid), William Lock- wood, William Retallick, Jabez Dilworth, David Cameron, George Flicker, John Edwards, John Townson, Henry Callaby, Joseph Walters, Francis Bodenharn, Edward Jones, Hugh M'Donald, Michael M'Lean, Neil Larsen, James M'Ewan, Joseph Prit- cher (fined 2s. 6d only), Frederick Cross, George Scott, John Howell, John and James PIowright, G. F. Broughton, J. Trezise, J. Perry, N. Pascoe, J. Skews, Joseph Greenwood, John Manders, J. Hay, J. Anthony, T. Rowlands, Bridget M'Carthy, E. Walters, T. Davis, E. Barry, . G. Harris, John Blanch, Robt,. Waugh, S. Walters, F. Whitley (fined 1s, the defendant being in the hospital), F. Desere, Alfred Ivory, Frank Ravenna, Thos, O'Reilly, Thos. Gross, and Stephen Draper. -' Once dr'twick "during the hearing of :the large, batch of cases brought on Monday last against miners of Lower Homehusli for being in illegal occupation of Crown hnds, His Worship, Mr C. W, Carr, P.M., at the Avoca Police Court, expressed unfeigned sur prise at the neglect shown hy miners gener ally to avail . themselves of the privileges conferred by the " miner's right." His Wor ship pointed out that it gave them the privi lege of taking up and occupying an acre of Crown lands, and that at the end of three years they were entitled to the fee simple of the land itself. He could hardly understand, in the face of suoh privileges, how such great neglect was shown, especially as defaulters and trespassers were liable to a fine of £10. Perhaps the true solution of the enigma may be found in the fact that as a rule that which is easily gained is lightly valued all the world over, aud that men generally fail to appreciate tho full valuo of a boon until they lose it, when they are loud in their ex pressions of' unavailing regret. Formerly the cxtont of ground allowed to the miner was limited to a quarterof an acre, but later and more liberal legislation has enlarged the area to an acre, only, however, it appears, With the result, in too many cases, that' pay ment of the very moderate fee charged is evaded altogether. Offenders against the law are often driven into queer corners and c impelled to tax their inventive faculties not a little for plausible excuses for disobeying tho law ; but one of the most simple, yet amusing in stances of tho kind which has come under our notice for some time was that givon by a defendant in the Avoca Police Court on Monday last Ho had failed to provide him self cither with an occupation licenco or a miner's right, and when asked why he had not complied with the requirements of the law in that respect, replied that he formerly held a right, but that it had expired. The reason why he had not renewed the right was due in part (as he evidently by implica tion wished the Court to believe) to the fact that tlie Avoca newspapers did not publish notice of the dates at which Buch licences were to be renewed ! This was too good a joke not to raise a laugh at tho defendant's expense, and as an excuse, it was a " leotle too thin" not to be seen through. Fancy a newspaper taking cognizance of the date on which every miner's right is issued and maintaining a clerical staff in order to re mind private holders of them that the time has come round when such rights must be renewed ! But it is said that any excuse is bettor than no excuse at all, and it would seem the defendant, in happy unconscious ness of the absurdity of it, was evidently of that way of thinking himself. Hence his maladroit attempt at a subterfuge. It is notified that the undermentioned min ing lease has been recently issued and is awaiting execution by the lessee : — Avoca, No.' 2891 ; torm of years, 15 ; lessees, J. A. Rigby and- G. Bush ; area, .11 seres 2 roods, 38 perches ; annual rent £2 18s lOd, payable to the Receiver at; Avoca. Mr Frank Ho wso, being about to leave tho district, has decided to dispose of his four- roomed cottage at Avoca. and the whole of his well-assorted furniture, includiog a splendid piano, and a lot of harness and saddlery. The sale will be held by Mr J. F. Paten at 2 o'clock p.m. on Monday next, May 9, and a large attendance is expected. Attention is directed to tho fact that Mr J. F. Paten has for salo 320 acres of most fortile land in Gippsland, 12 miles from Drouin, and especially adapted to high-olass cultivation. Eighty acres have been laid down in English grasses, and 60 acres are now ready for sowing. Two creekB inter sect tho property, and a cottage of two rooms has been erected on the land. Intend ing purchasers may-obtain full information from Mr Paton. Wo have been shown by Mr JameB Wise somo remarkable views of tho storming of tho ice palace at tho St. Paul Winter Carni val, and which' have been issued by an American publishing company, Tho popu lation of St. Paul in 1836 . was set down as, 160,000, and after building a magnificent ice palace thoy appeared to have amused themselves by storming it with' fireworks. The Boone as depicted is a gorgeous one and its representation is well worth seeing. The Australian —Journal -is to hand. " His Natural Life" and other current stories' are continued, and there is a vast amount of tho usual interesting reading matter' 'in tho number. We have been reading two ariicD(l 0f great interest. One is that in tho Illustrated Atislra.ian Arotos apropos of th0 oorman Emporor's birthday. The other is tho JS®" York Tribune's Berlin corrospOIUjont . tho.cloctions which took place sompwhnrn about tho same timo. , Pictures of r>m poror a "a "youth, on the field '0f battla against; the Great Napoleon', eomriwhat more advanced in lifef leading twSim at the Badon disturbances UnnsT£i- han in. England, conversing w;th p«ni Palmorston, . Gladstone, Jt DM/ach' are deeply interesting. The attraction ' (ful minates whes m see him on tho eve of Sadowa and tho Sedau ; and luBtly in the midst of the rejoicing over his 90th birth day. riio New York Tribune, how over, gives the revorse of tho medal,- It reoaUa. that 40 per cent of- the Berlin voters are socialists. Here is a nice triumph for. the Empire I . why, jt ifl more startling; thnn the very heavy poll of Henry Goorgo for Mayor of New York. Tho Berlin Socialists too, are' such terrible out-and-outer— far more of the Red Flag about them than characterises ' Goorgo's supporters. The leaders are Berr Hasenclever and Herr Sin ger, two demagogues who bavo sprung into lmeD(;e. Their utterances are furious, aud tho puzzle is how they are allowed. Revuoldss newspaper, in London, is the only parallel there; It-is as if 'Hyndman and Champind were members of. tho House of Commons, A rather tedious disputed debt case, .-in which there was a direct conflict of state'-, ments, occupied the Avoca Police Court..on Monday. Richard Baldwin sued Robert Gollop for the recovery of £2 13s 6d' for grazing bullocks in a paddock. The de-, fendant pot only repudiated his.indehtedn'ess, but alleged that he had paid about 3s 6d in excess of the amount actually due. The question being one of accounts assumed a. very prolix qnd awkwaid one to solve, the plaintiff swearing to the correctness of the account on which; he based his elaim. " As "the evidence was.'.'so flatly conlradietory, His.' Worship tbad ' ofccasibn;. once" dr -twice, .to speak on the subject. The defendant dis paraged -the reliability of the plaintiff's testi mony on the ground that, his religious be lief Ves of an atheistical character a la Sj- mes, but His Worship-was satisfied- with the ordinary compliance by the plaintiff of the rules of procedure which necessitated the givingof evidence on oath. ' His: Wor-; siiip spoke of the penalty inflicted for un-: truthfulness, and Baid that in warning . r wit nesses against false swearing, he did not put the heavenly, but the legal aspect of the consequences of lying before them, which was seven years on the roads for perjury ! The closed shutters to be seen at many shops early o n Tuesday morning at Avoca indicated that the cold hand of death had removed another resident from our midst. Enquiry proved that Miss Alice Peteraon; daughter of Mr P.Peterson, lamplighter and shire surface man, had die-1 the previous night from illness occasioned by fever, .She was' about twenty years of age, and had been ill only a few weeks. Mr Geo. B. Hall, dentist of Melbourne will visit Avoca -oh Wednesday (to-morrow), and may be consulted at the Avoca Hotel. Can Gordon, the hero of Khartoum, be still alive? Rather circumstantial accounts were given of his death at the time of his disappearance ; but the mystery of . his death, never minutely nor satisfactorily cleared up, has now been revived by a rumour to the effect that he was taken pri soner and detained after the siege. A re- part is now current in London that a soldier in attendance upon Gordon was killed, and not the General; and that the.death of 'the one was mistaken in the excitement of the occasion for that of the other. No doubt there will be further enquiry into the matter. The further details telegraphed of the disaster which has befallen the Western Aus tralian pearling fleet indicate that there has been a terrible loss of life and property. The particulars, however, are somewhat con flicting. The news sent from Cossack is to the effect that 40 boats are missing, and that 550 lives are supposed to be lost. Intelli gence has, .however, been forwarded to Sydney that six schooners and forty luggers, having about 300 persons on board, are miss ing. The fleet, consisting of 20 schooners and 100 luggers, were cruising off the 90- mile beach on the -north-west coast when the hurricane overtook them. For 12-hours the gclo blow with the most fearful violence, and then it began to abate. On Sunday and Monday calm weather intervened, but on Tuesday the storm recommenced, and as the vessels which bad ridden out the previous storm were then in a thoroughly disabled condition, the gravest fears are entertained as to their safety. The steamer Australind, which has arrived at Cossack, after being de tained by the hurricane, reports that 48 crafts are lying in a dismantled state in Gourdon Bay. The master of the Australind supplied them with food. Many bodies of drowned men were seen by him, and he was able to take a half-wrecked schooner in tow to port. The calamity has created a profound sensa tion, not only in Wc-tern Australia, but in Sydney, from which port a number of the boats had been dispatched. The Govern ment of Western Australia have chartered the Australind to proceed in the direction of Scott's Rest, where she will cruise for several days in the hope of rescuing any of the crews from floating wreckage. The ten mile running match between Livingstone and Stevens came off at the Carrington ground, Sydney, on Saturday night laBt. Livingstone, after going seven miles, had to stop, as his shoe burst, and he got another one. Stevens during this time i gained 150 yards, and at eight miles Living stone had thrown off both shoe3 and was running barefooted. He then gained on Stevens, and in the last round caught and beat Stevens home by thirty yards. Time, 111\. lmin. 15seo. " Protection in Victoria vorsna Free-trade inNewSouth Wales" is the "title of a read able pamphlet of matter reprinted from the Aye on this subject. The deduction of tho writer is that, judged by the practical results adduced, direct and indirect, Victoria and the j policy of protection come . triumphantly through the ordeal of comparison, and: that New South Wales adds another to the many illustrations of the national folly of being guided by theorists, and the danger of ieaving the shaping of a conn'ry's career, to those sections of its community who, hav- ingno ideas of their own, are content to fol low other monitors; A moraine contemporary stat<9 that Mr. Pearson, in the unsympathetic reception he Recorded tho ' temperance deputation on Thursday, did not succeed ii representing -with entire accuracy the feeling of the Cabi net on this subject. The "Herald" is in formed on good-.. authority that Air Pearson has accurately represented the feeling of the Cabinet concerning the principles of the Licensing Act. The Government was asked through the Actinr-Chief- Secretary to pro pose or consent to the . repeal of what is known as the..." one third clause." Mr Pearson held out no hope that the Govern ment. wonld do '60,' and he assuredly r«pre« Bonted the intentions of the Ministry. The Cabinet, we. are 'assured,' has no intention, and has not, in "fact, even dreamed of propo sing any interference with' the principles of tho' Act. Such a course is out of the ques tion.'! It is; true that some/ minor charges will be'pr iposed in' the Act during the com-1 ing season;'' but "these "arfrt to' remove ano-. malics thai experience in working the Act bnB shown to Cxiet, and" to some of which re ference has been made from-time to timo by the Licensing - Benches. No proposal is likoly to -era mats- from the Government which would interfere with the principles of the measure in the direction the deputation desired ; but it is expected that private members will, propose an amendment to ohange the mnnoer of .taking a poll under the Local Option clauses with the view of maintaining the protection which the ballot- box is euppoeod to give to voters. A drunken ruffian, named Patrick Murphy, received his desserts at the hands of the Prahran magistrates on Baturday morning. Murpby was presented on the charge of un lawfully assaulting his wife, Margaret .Murphy, and from the evidence adduced against him it appeared that at about half- past 'oight o'clock on Friday evening Senior- ConBtable Raleigh, whilst on dnty in Green- street, was attracted by screams of murder, and hastening to Murphy's house, in Latrobo street, Melbourne, he entered, and found Murphy in th j act of trying to wrench some riioney out of his' screeching wifo's hands. She, it appeared, had earned tho money that day, and her husband, who vas under the in fluence of drink, endeavoured to extraot it from bor to procure more liquor. Seizing the ruffian, Raleigh ion him to the watchhouse, whither Mrs Murphy followed and signed the chargo sheet. Tne following morning, how ever, 8be wished -to withdraw it, but having admitted to the Bunch that her husband in flicted the injuries to ber face, tbe Magis trates refused to allow her to do so, and Bent her husband to'rumioaie over . his cruelties in tho Melbourne Gaol for a period of three months, 