? LATER W0D0NGA NEWS. (FBOM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The harvest is over and threshing nearly completed around Wodonga, and many of the farmers have been busy cutting their produce imo chaff and sending it off in large quantities to Sydney and other markets. Is it not a shortsighted policy on the part of the Victorian railway authorities to allow so much freight to leave the colony, when by considering the interest of the farming population of their own colony a little, by reducing the cost of freight on chaff to Melbourne, it might be delivered there for the 6ame price, at least, as it can now be Bent to Sydney for 1 Now that the Victorian lines are paying so handsomely and looking so promising for the future, it would be a most opportune time for farmers to bring their grievance prominently before the Commissioners. Speaking of the railways, the valuator for the Government railways visited Wodonga during the pa6t week (returning to Melbourne oh Saturday) in order to value and arrange for the purchase of the lands through which the Tallangatta line is to run, and lam informed that he was very successful in coming to terms with the various owners, so that the contractor has already entered upon his work of clearing, grubbing, &c.; The light rains which fell in the district early in the week have been very acceptable, and will have the effect of cool.Dg the atmosphere and preventing, for a time at least, those muchdreaded bush-fires that so often occur at this season, as welt as causing a spring of young grass. It will alBO help to " fill up " the grapes that are not already too ripe. We have a new member duly elected to the Board of Advice—Mr. Puddiphatt, of Bonegilla, Mr. Ryan [Sentinel), although he had been asked to stand by a numerously-signed requisition, on learning that the Bonegilla people were anxious to have a member in their locality, as there were already so many residing in Wodonga, declined to contest tbe seat, and very gracefully withdrew in favour of Mr. Puddiphatt. The concert in aid of the funds of the Athenseum was held on Wednesday evening. The attendance was good, and the programme excellent and well-sustained throughout, the various performers giving unbounded satisfaction by the way in which they acquitted themselves: Mr. Syder very ably presided, though he had quite enough to do to hold the young folk in check, as they were, with some of their seniors, anxious for encores, and once absolutely refnsed to allow the programme to proceed without having their wishes acceded to. There have been many excellent concerts given in Wodonga, but the prevailing opinion was that this was one of if not tbe best. There were several present who had not appeared on the Wodonga platform beform, and without disparagement I am sure that the appearance of Miss Jamieson and her brother - from Benalla, and Mrs. Campbell of Wodonga, who sang for the first time here, received quite an ovation. Mr. Iverson, too, and bis pupils Miss Delia Bambrick and Miss Eliza Allen, were enthusiastically encored. Mr. Ferguson Mid Mr. James Bambrick were also most successful. Altogether the trustees of the institution bave reason to be well satisfied with the result—over £9 net proceeds, I am told—of their first concert. Much interest is evidently felt in this long-needed institution, and it ia to be hoped that every effort will be made to keep up the interest, and to extend its usefulness as well as to increase its members. I have noticed on several occasions the apparent want of arrangement in the concerts at Wodonga. No one seems to understand that ladies should be handed to the platform by some one of the committee, and not left to clamber on to it in tbe best way they could for want of a set of steps leading from the body of the hall. There was no arrangement made for the moving and seconding of votes of thanks, and this courtesy due to the chair I have several times seen omitted altogether. " Honor to whom honor is due." 