COXDAJ0L. (FKOM OUE OW>- C0K&ESP0SDE5T.;) Sept. 5. Io a recent issue of the Spectator attention was drawn to the fact that a gentleman is Xew South Wales is wearing clothes made from the fleeces of sheep bred by himself, in this respect he is not singular, as for many years paex J>ir. x. j/angar, oi iseots- field, on tbe Hunter, has been in the habit of sending tbe wool from his flock of black sheep to England to be manufactured into cloth, and neat and durable garments it makes, in which the gentleman named is usually clad. Following tbe same line Mr. J. T. Edgar, of Kadnook, 1 believe sent tbe wool from a similar flock last year to Ballarat for the same purpose. Tbe weather during tbe part week has been very unsettled. The thunderstorm on Too red ay afternoon was very severe, and on Friday evening aboat 6 o'clock tbe wind and rain were something to be remembered. However, the grass is making good headway and we have every prospect of an early spring. Some of tbe farmers in tbe neighborhood of George Swamp are load in their com plaints aboat the increase of rabbits in that locality. They are certainly wise in attempt ing to nip the evil in time, but in country ike that, there can be bat few, and no dim- calty should be experienced in getting rid of them, as phosphorus may be obtained at a very low figure, and a boshel of oats pro perly prepared sfaoold meet all requirements. Considerable speculation has been indulged in since the advertisement calling a meeting of all who suffered by tbe bush-fires is January last appeared in your paper, signed by a well-known resident. On Saturday nigbt week, in accordance therewith, a large narnber of farmers and others — especially others — rolled up, actuated by a feeling of curiosity as to the form the meeting would take. They were much disappointed when it was notified that the convener was unable to attend, as he had not been able to pro perly mature his scheme, which was ex pected first, to provide some method by which part losses might be recouped, and secondly, to prevent similar disastos in the future; but there was balm in 6flead,ai they were informed that the meeting would certainly take place ou tbe following Saturday evening at the same boor. Last Saturday night the meeting was beld at Hya- myn, with Mr, Richard ADCarthy in the chair. 1 As might have been expected by anyone who, had given n tnomeDtfs thought to the sub-' ject, the mountain brought forth the pro verbial mouse. .Tersely .stated, |gie chair- man's idea wae to go in for.Ja&d;, and have a measure prepared for introduction to the Legislative Assembly under the wins of the member for the district, drafted on the lines l of a mythical Act, believed to bein operation | in the old coon try, by windh all offoos by I fire, flood or misid venture were compensated i if tbey chose to pay an extra rate. There is something delightfully mysterious about the proposal which commends it at once to I favorable consideration. Then tbe "Flag -staff" (tic) and a host of relevant and ? irrelevant subjects were also touched upon, ; and tbe methods to be adopted in dealing ! with them explained in the same lurid i manner. The chairman repeatedly stated , ''that it was well known to his auditors j that he had spent a fortune in law,77 but his i experiences failed to satisfy the meeting j that tbey would do well to emulate his ! example. We all know tbe amount of sue cess that attended tbe arguments used by | the fox in the fable that lost his tail ; he was unable to set tbe fashion and this was a similar case. But badinage apart, Mr. McCarthy apparently possesses all the characteristics of a social reformer acd philanthropist, and in a small country village is " wasting hie sweetness in the desert air." He should go to Melbourne, where the unemployed, or tbe dissatisfied employes of the Railway Depart ment would afford him fall scope for the exercise of his abilities. We would be sorry to lose hiiTfj but we could spare him. Toe Myamyn Brass Band are making cspital headway, and Mr. Perry, their con- doctor, is to be congratulated upon the evident pains he is with them. 