THS DAY'S DOINQS. A considerable amount of interest that would ofherwlso attach to tho ctiucludiugs day's proceedings at the autumn meeting of tho Victoria Racing Club has bcon dispelled by tho withdrawal of nil but three horsos from the Champion Stakes. Trident, tho Derby and Australian Cup winner, has frightcnori away all but his stable companion Volcano, and Mr Cooper's colt Blairgowrie. As it looks at present, tho stnko is a plum for Trident, and tho. othor two fight it out for the L20Q and LI 00 set apart for second and third horses. Never theless thero ia still ample material in the other events on tho programme for a pleasant day's sport, and tho weather beiug fine, there will prubably bo a large attendauco. As UBual our various editions will contain all tho latest detail, not only of tho rnoing, but of the pro gress of tho International Cricket Match up till tho time of going to press, and also all the latest general news. Third and Fourth Edi tions will bo published as usual. Tho address delivered by tho Rev Dr Bevan at his usual midday service Inst Thursday, will bo found on our fourth page. It hna bcon intimated that New South YYalcs contemplates appointing a cmnmitteo of do- fence, consisting of the superior officers of its Nuvnl and Military forces, for the purpose of conferring with other colonies as to tho adoption of a general plan in tho evout- Oi war being declared. No communication on tho subject has boon received by tho Victorian Govcrmnunt, but it is understood that tlio Imperial Government, who wero recently at tho request of tho Secretary ot State, supplied with the most recent information of tlio do- feusivo strength of tho colonies have the question of a general scheme of dcfoncc, aud tho extent of tho assistance tho colonies should rondor to ono another in tho ovent of war breaking out under consideration. So far no action with roapect to tho appointmont of a couimitto of tho character named has boon takon by Vic- toria. Tho Railway Commissioners, 'to-day, aftor consideration of tho report made by Messrs Francis and AlliBin, too board appointed to inquire into and report upon tho YYilliauis- town train accident, which occurred on Thursday morning, havo- dcoldcd, as we Btqted yesterday, to adopt tho recommenda tions made. Driver J. Ward will accord ingly bo reduced to the rank of. firemen for six months, losing about Ss per day in pay during that time. At tho expira tion of thu six months Ward's case will bo considered by the Commissioners, who may or may not, as circumstances may direct, keep him in tha lower rank for a further period. Ward's fireman, although undur tho orders of the driver, is considered to lmvo boen blame worthy in a small degree, but his punishment is limited to tho loss of pay during the three or four days of suspension. Although no doubtis entertained thntar- raugoroonta for tho resumption of the Midum ran can be carried -out as soon as tho Messrs Chnffey Brothers aro prepared to coinmenco operations, compensation will havo to bo paid not only for the improvements, but for the value of tho unoxpired portion of tho lease which has still 14 years to run. „ 'Under tho provision of the acts dealing with Maileo lands tlio present occupant of the land is entitled to three years notico from the Crown ot its in tention to resume, but this is not likely under the circumstances to be exacted. . Particulars of the terrific storm which recently devastated the Wombat Forest near Daylesford have reached the Department of Agricultures A hail storm of great severity was succeeded by a terrible bushfire, and the forest now presents an appear ance of utter desolation, huge trees having been cut off twenty and fifty feet from the surface of the ground, and the tracks obliterated and masses of the fallen timber in places several chains in length and width being filled up everywhere. Such exceptional devastation has never before been effected in any State Forest within the experience of the present Curator. : A deputation from tho Associated Trades will wait upon tho Premier at noon ou Tuesday noxt with reference to tho employment of labor by tho Harbor Trust— a question fre quently discussed in labor circles. Thu mails brought by thu steamer Gnronno up to dato 28th January, arrived by the over, land express from Adelaide this moruing. They compriso 320 bags distributed as follows : — Melbourne, 113 ; Sydney, 109 ; Queensland, GG ; Tasmania, 2G ; and Gcolong, 15. Tiie Now Zealand and Noumea portion will arrive by thu steamer to-morrow morning. . Tho following aro saloon passengers by tho O.M.S. Garonne, from England expected in tho Bay to-morrow. Mr and Mrs Barrett, Revs T. B. Duggan, T, A. O'Brien, II. B. O'Hagan, Mr and Mrs Mason, Miss Brick- nell, Mrs Ynlc, Messrs Doudalc, Slattern, YVill, Yuillnumx, nnd a number for Sydnoy, Brisbane and New Zealand ports. a nu new vjrifut aiL-ikiusnip urizuua iuauo 1110 following remarkable homeward passage : — Adelaide to Suoz, 22 days 14 hours; Suez to Naples, four days four hours; Naples to Plymouth, six days; or deducting for stop pages at sua, six hours, makes a total of 32 days 12 hours steaming timo between Adelaide and Plymouth. Dr Anderson, n well-known Footscrey medico, has been served with a writ for L2000 for alleged malpractice. Tho occurrence is understood to have taken place at Ynrraville. Mr John McFarlano is tho institutcr. Dr Anderson's solicitors have retained Mr Purvcs for tho defence. Tho Footscray Borough Council has received definite intimation from tho honorable John Nimmo, Her Majwsty'n Commissioner of Pub lic Works for Victoria, that under the provi sions of tho Local Government Act, 187-1, the Governor-in-Council on tho 25th of February, declared Fo.-»rscray a town. Thu finances now reaoh over LIS, 000. On Thursday night, at a special meeting, tho proposed loan of L33,000 was confirmed. Henceforth Juotecray will be known an West Melbourne. Tho proposed division of tho Shiro of Coburg into ridings provides that tho North will bo between tlio Wliefttshcaf lane nnd Gaffnoy's road and Bridge road, tho Mcrri and MooucePonds Creeks being tho boundaries on tho eastern and western sides, respectively. Tho West Riding will bo situated between Gaffncy's road and Moreland raid, and be tween tho Sydney road nnd tho Mnoneo Ponds Creek. The East Riding will lie between Bridgo road and Moreland road, nnd botween the Sydney road and tho Merri Creole. Tho Sydney road, according to this division, is tlio dividing line between thu East and West ridings and tho half of tho road will bo in cluded 111 each riding, flonio objections havo been offered to this schcrio of division on tho ground that tlio West Riding has at present a jxipulation and revenue moro than equal to tho othor two ridings added together. 100 houses have been erected in tlio shiro during thu last twelve months, and over 80 of theso havo been constructed in tho proponed West Riding. This riding has tho railway running through, possesses good drainage, and ban many build ings in tho course of construction. Tho East Riding will be placed at adisndvantacro by this division, as it includes in its area tlio Fentrhlgo Stockade, covering 180 acres, nnd tiie churches, neither of wbic contribute any rovonuo to tho distrioL Tho Orient Mail steamer Garonne, under tho cominnnd of Captain W. E. White, arrived at Adelaide early yesterday morning, aud loft for this port in tho afternoon. Sho is expected to arrive in the Bay at daylight to-morrow morning. The dato of mails is up to tho 28th by way of Suez. Thero has not boon anything of importance to relate during tho pnenngo, no births, dOAths or marriages are recorded in tho log book, and tlio usual sports, concorte, tea and surprise parties wero organised among the luiHsongcrs, and passed oft in a most plea sant manner. Mr Thomas Fox, still holds tho position of pur ser, and forwarded tho innilH ami letters overland so tlui there was no delay. To that gentleman w« are indebted for tho following account of tho passago : — The Garomio left Filbury Docks at D 11.111 on th 20th January, embarked passengers, nud proceeded at 8 n.iu ou 21st; arrived at Plymouth 10 n.m on 22iul, and having taken 011 Ixmrd passcngurH, pro ceeded nt noon. Passed Gibraltar 1 p. 111 20th, and uxjiorieuccd strong head wiud from St. Vincent through the Mediterranean. Arrived at Naples on 50th, and left again same day. Had hgjit winds and tine weather to Port Saul, whioh was rcaohud at 3 p.m Fubruury 3rd. After coaling, entered tho Oanal late funuo day. and arrived at Suez Into ou the 4th. At Suez tho mails, consisting of SS9 bogs nnd 8 tmckagon were put on board, and sovoral passengers wero ahip|>cd, leaving Into in thu evening. On 9th February pwucd Periin Island ; 10th February, passed Capo Guardafui ; from thouco ox|>crionced light N. 14. monsoons to 2 S. GG E. : arrived off Diego Garcia on tho 17th, and after landing HtoreH and mails proceeded saino day. Foil m with S.E. trades in 13 S. 80 E. ; experienced strong trade with rough head sea to 28 S. 101 E Made tho Luuwin at 0 0.111. ou the 2Sih ; signalled off Uroaksea Island same day. From thcuco light variable windB and fine weather prevailed till arrival at Adelaide, Thn stool-plate tramway project, in which tho South Melbourne, Tort Melbourne aud Wilhnmsiown Councils will speciuliy iuturcst themselves on tho 10th, bids fair to become an accomplished fact at uo dUtaiit date, as it is boing most favorably entertained in tho throo localities by practical thinkers. Tho projected route ie from the short road steam ferry, at the mouth of the Yarm, along tho edge of tho West Melbourne swamp, and through Port Melbourne to Ferris street. Tho matter tios bccu laid beforo tho Commissioner of Public Works, who accorded it a favorable en tertaining. Somo L2000 was, as a matter of fact, placed ou tho estimates several months ago to construct a good road nlong the already unformed portions of tho above route, but allowed to la)«e for somo reason. Tho ballast-carters lmvo already iiercoived tho tremendous advan tage to their collective trade, whioh amounts to somo thousands of pounds yearly, and ere prepared, in tho event of the Govemmant lay ing down tho train way, to i«\y doublo toll. This new supcrscdcr of the old road, which has always bcon a bete »w»r, would citable thorn to mnke threo trijw to two of tho present. A line of 'buses would in all probability also bo laid ou between tho uiotroiiolitnn areas and Willinmstown. An examination will be held at Syduny, Melbourne, and at such other places m may bo and the following days, for the purjioso of filling tip a scholarship in Trinity College, Oxford. Tlio scholarship is of the annual value of L80, inclusivo of all privileges and allowances. Any candidate holding a colonial scholarship to on English University is dis qualified from holding tho scholarship ; hut a candidate so disqualified, if firstou thu result of tho oxamination, may receive an exhibition of the annual valuo of L40, two of which may in that case be awarded in place of the scholar ship. There is uo limit of ago ; but other things boing equal, prcferonco will bo given to candidates who bavo not exceeded the ago of 20 yenra ou tho day of election. Tho scholar ship will be awarded en an oxamination in classics and English composition, with questions on anciont and modern litera ture atul history. Tho scholarship is tonablo for four years, if the Prosidout and Fellows nro satisfied with the industry and good conduct of tlio Scholar. For special reasons it may bo prolonged for a fifth year. Candidates aro requested, to send thuir names, with testimonials of good conduct, nud certificates of the date of their birth, to Professor Scott, Sydney University, or to Pro fessors Morris, Melbourne University, not later than ' 30th April. Tha Scholar elected will be required to begin rcsidenoo in Oxford in October. . Tho .Trades4. Hall Council should tako tho following hint. The other day . tho well- known firm, Melbourne Shipping, Engineer ing and Coal Compnny, wanted somo men nt a moment1 notice. Boing anxious togivo any unemployed boilemiakers a show, instead of adopting thu alternative of borrowing niuu from ' another foundry, their head clerk at once telephonod to tho Trades' Hall. Ho asked for tho secretary and the persou reply ing said he was at his work, but he could givo his private rcsidonco. As the men were wanted to tho minute tho company could not afford to lose timo hunting up this function ary, who was probably pursuing his ow-n daily avocation somewhere or other. Thu council shonid see that, in order to meet an omergoncy of this kind, steps should bo taken to so arrango matters that unemployed trades men could be at onco forwarded to the point of vacancy, A great deal has been said about tho City Court bible. Thero are some old and well- worn bibles in tho Supremo Courts, and somo of thcin havo somo very unholy scrib- blings and sketches in them. Tho bible now used in tho County Court, which nas done good scrvico almost daily from time immemorial, has tho following on tho inside of the cover ' "County . Court Chapel. High Priest, T. S. Cope. Second ditto, G. V. Smith. Cicerone, G. F. Bartrop. Coin Gatherer at Charity Sermons, R. O. Morgan. Sexton, T. YV. Lloyd. Assintant Grave- digger, T. Crawford. Pow Opener, T. E. Saudilands. Chucker- out, T. Montane." Daddy Lloyd says the scandalising author of the foregoing profatio quotation has been sen tenced to penal servitude for contempt of Court. . Tho amount of work put down in tho sheet for. tho magistrates in tho City Court is very much on tho increase. Thero were 47 cases on tho list this morning, and as Saturday used to be a light day, this stato of matters shows that tho pohco are either moro active than formerly, or that crime is becoming rampant. Social philosophers will have to SC-ttlo the point. 