NEW SOUTH WALES. svdnev. December 7. The Hon. M. a. Uawke, captain of the «LC.C. English cricketers, left for Mel Hurne by the express to-night with » riew of catching the Ormuz. and' proceed ing uy iit;r tu .uugiiuiu. xuo lmmeaiaie . return home is rendered necessary by the i Jeathof Mb father, Baron Hawke. W. ?'- W. Read is ab present acting aa captain of ? the cricket team. : A destructive bushfire has been raging . For twenty-four hours on the western ? side of the Berrlgan, in the Jerilderie : district. Several settlers are completely - burnt out and their crops destroyed. - The fire is now spreading towards Won- y namurra Run, sweeping everything, . before it. . .-,;.. A gentleman named Thomas Parker, ? aged 40 years, who had been negotiating ? the purchase of Rookery Station, in the : Cobar district, waa found drowned at the , : rear of the hotel at Young. It la supposed that he committed suicide, as he has been. ? uneasy owing to the non- arrival of remit tances expected from New Zealand to \ enable him to complete the purchase. A case of highway robbery ia reported , at Newcastle, the victim being the wife - of a produce merchant, who was assaulted ' and robbed of £7. . Mr. A. H. McCuUoch, one of the members for Central Cumberland in the: AfiBembly, who recently assigned his ? estate, will resign, as hia seat Is likely to be disputed. It Is stated on good authority that none of the designs for the State-house could be carried out for anything like £150,000, the sum proposed to be devoted to the work. The design recommended for first ; prize would coat £750,000 to carry out, , and the others selected aa next in order. . of merit would cost £405,000 and £334,500 respectively. The weather has been very unsettled ? during the last few daya. The extreme heat of yesterday was followed by high winds to-day, and rain set in in the evening. Light rain ia reported from the coast districts, but fine from the rest of! the colony. Reports from some country districts Btate that the financial policy of the Go vernment is regarded with great disfavour, the abolition of duties on farm produoe ? and timber being especially condemned. 