®rtrmb& Hot Close. Sultry. \ Steamy heat. Strikes in Sydney, Last night of Circus. Rotunda concert on Friday. Small fire at Port Adelaide. Burmese again auieting down. Barometer at noon to-day, 29-90 We want a fireman's watchtower. Is there an inventor in our midst ? Sydney politicians still wrangling. Victorian selectors being burnt out. Salisbury still busy Cabinet-making; Typhoid fever still lively in Victoria, Worsnop's Municipal Calendar just out. Takes a long time for the houses to oool. Attempt to reduce Bank rate in Victoria, Port fire reels shown greatjalacrity lately. Port firemen quicker than the police yester day. Glenelg Bathing Company's dividend 71 per cent. Unsuccessful Teetulpean digger lost in the bush. Lord llddesleigh's son a chip of the old: block. How many jets will a £500 fire-egnine throw ? ,. s- The Jennings Ministry has had a peculiar history. Three more deaths from smallpox In' Sydney, Whatjuu become of the Militia Bandmaster? Oar humorous David has gone for a month'* holiday. Australian gold mining craze still strong ia London. Englishmen beat the Australians by C wickets. Tremendous bushfires raging in Victoria yesterday. Wild oats grown at Wickham Park 8 ft,' 4 in. high. Lawyer Sir Henry Holland to be Colonial Secretary. Robberies from the person worrying people' in Sydney. Mr. W. F. Coglin, J.P., of tht Burra, died . on January 1L Disinfecting chamber being erected on. Torrens Island. Why didn't the police report that fire at Mr. Newland's ? The disputed elections for St. Peters evidently agreed to. Practical remarks from our Superintendent of Fire Brigades. Danger of Melbourne water famine con siderably lessened. Gross abuses being ferreted out in Sydney, Lands Department. We all shared the perils and perspirations of that hot Sunday. Chaffey Bros, are pleased with their visit to the Murray so far. Bough on us—water supply failing while summer is yet yonng. A 3-inch water main to supply Rose Park ; result, dismal dribble. The Government are determined to land the mails at the Semaphore. ' Deputation wants Queensland Government to establish an Assay Office, Not much chance of deep drainage being extended eastwards this year. Norwood Corporation advising ratepayers to eonnect with deep drainage. Explorer Forest to represent Western Australia at Imperial Conference. Condition of Norwood and Kensington Corporation satislactory to Council. The heat has had disastrous effects on the fruit and vegetable gardens in the hills. Another attempt to be made to bring out " Bertie" to the Melbourne Centennial. Sun rose at 5.3 a,m.; sets at 7.14 p.m. Moon set at 7.14 a.m.; rises at 9.G p.m. Boy Ah Kaw, tired of life, jumped over- , board in Port Darwin and was drowned. Our unemployed are being sent to the Peake and Strangways Springs Railway. A Chinkie wants to rent 100 acres of land in the Northern Territory for rice-growing. Norwood and- Kensington Council inspected their roads and ditches—sore bones. Wallaroo's junior member left this morning on a visit to Melbourne, Sydney, and Brisbane. Victorian Government are straining every nerve to get the Prince.of Wales to visit Jthe colony. We want somebody to change our lamppillars, so that they can be used as firealarms. Hergott is far enough away for some of the unemployed, but what about Strangways Springs? Mr. E. Pariss Nesbit writes in the " Shakspeare Journal" oni" Shakespeare and Morality." So far six deaths from smallpox have been - recorded in Sydney as the result of the Praussen's visit. Mr. Deakin's chief mission to London is to endeavour to induce H.R.H. the Prince of Wales to visit his colony. Fined £15 and costs for retailing wine and ale unlawfully on his premises—C. H, F. Hofirichter, of Port Victoria. Municipal Worsnop knows all about rattrapB; he will even instruct you in the art of drying apples or of making a will, The retirement of the Woodstock Bantam has caused sufficient flutter in political circles to eratify the most modest form of vanity. A proposal has been made to establish an educational institution in the lower Northern . Areas, and to invite Professor Castance to take charge. -*f The eyes of otner people are the eyes that ruin us. If all but myself were blind I Bhould want neither fine clothes, fine houses, nor fine furniture. Let every man be occupied, and occupiei in the highest employment of which his ;, nature is capable, and die with the coascious--" - ness that he has done bis beBt. A good man and a wise man may at times be angry with the world, and at times grieved' at it; 'but no man is ever discontented with the world if he does his duty in it Professor Custance in charge of.a SchoaLiiE Agriculture, unhampered by Government antT untrammelled by blind prejudice, and we •hall see better results even than at Roseworthy. Without strong affection and 'humanity of heart, and gratitude to that Being whose code is mercy and whose great attribute U benevolence to all things tbat breathe, true happiness can never be attained^ fluBband (handing his wife some money) i There, dear, is £10, and it has bothered me .; a good deal to get", it for you. I think I deserve a little praise." Wife: "Praised You deserve an encore, my dear." Housekeeper (to new cook just imported) i " Bridget, how do things keep in the new refrigerator Bridget: " Well, mum, they «U seem to kape pooty well, barrin' the oioe, which 'pears to milt ivery blissid day." A Kansas City hotel advertises the factthat it provides the finest dinner ever placed before an appreciative audience. And the proprietor defends the use of the word 1 audience on the ground that the people in his hotel are always listening for the head waiter to announce the meals. "The pcet is born, sir," said a man haughtily, as he received a roll of manuscript, from the editor with a shake of the head. "Ob, iB he?" replied the editor, with a pleasant smile. " Well, when he gets old enough to write something tell him to come and see me. Good- by," and he resumed his labours. On a recent Sunday the Rev. Joseph Scott, of Springfield, Mass, was very late at Church. As he arose to begin his sermon be said, " I am very seldom late at Churdh-iny horse gave out this morning and I had to w<>lk. You will find my text in Psalms xxrii. »—' Be ve not as the horse or as the mule, who have no understanding.' " Quotation for to-day— The piper loud and louder blew; Tbe dancers quick and quicker flew ; 1 bey reeled,they aet, they crossed, they cleekit, TUl iika cailin swat and reeldt. 