N£WS OF THE DAY. \- -' : ) ' 1 ' — ''..''?» .' — ? Gilbert and Sullivan's aesthetic opera ' Patience' will be produced in cavera at the Town Hall this evening, under the direction of lbs. Wesrwood. We have been requested to draw atten tion to the alteration in the date of Messrs. Wright & Paterson'ssale of land, previous ly annouqcgdgtp tabeufdace lfaML'''*''iWr] The sale iHlp-w ]fiS?;i-laoe^Sfe FriHtif next SUF ^v-=fc -?-. --- vr-'i We have^keen i^AsW by *he Post£ master-General to announce, for general information, that although to-morrow has been proclaimed a general holiday, yet ;both the general Post and Central Tele- graph: 'Offices win be kept op& for the tranBaction of public business, as usual, on any ordinary week-day. A bush-fire occurred yesterday at White's Mill, with fatal 'resaltB, -an '? unfortunate child having been burned to death in the flames. The body was found this morning. Mr. Fairbairn proceeded to the station by the goods-tafia *|»t° pffoyfwin to hold an inquest. Upyfo the* ^Sttp^of ourijsjbibg to press we had|£o't been abje to ascertain the' child's name. ??---. . From Pinjarrah we learn that the annual races took place there en Thursday last and were well attended by residents from all parts of the district, the weather being, delightful throughout the day. The follow ing is a list of details : — Maiden Plate, Mr. Thomas's Opossum ; the Pony Race, Mr. George Paterson's Galloway; Flying Stakes! Dr. Lepper's Ben Bolt ; Pinjarrah, Stakes, two miles, Mr. F. E. Hassell's Stolen pio^ ments. For this event Mr. Alfred Thomas's game little mare, Opossum, was a good second. AftiMrQigyCPofice Court tins morning, before Messrs. Fairbain, J. Adam and' J. Dempster, the following cases were dealt with : — John Cassidey, charged with drunk enness, was fined 10s. or 14 days' imprison ment; Samnel T^tiranf^^^ charged- with a similar offence, was discharged with a caution; Bobert Brown, charged with dis orderly conduct, was fined 40s. or 14 days' ; John Wooton, charged with' sleeping on the premises of the Freemasons' . Hotel, : was sentenced to one month's ' imprisonment ; J. Phillaincre, charged with drunkenness, was fined 10s. or 14 days' ; Edward Cullen, Henry German, George Myles, charged with drunkenness, and Thomas Lynd, with sleeping inanxmihouse situatedin Murray- street, were cautioned and discharged ; Edward Morris, charged with using obscene and indecent language, was fined 20s. and costs, or 14 dajnsJ impriBonneft ; Benj^ntin Watson, (jbarged with cruaHrsrto his tiKirab, was finedTtOs. and costs ; and William Clark, charged with an indecent «'Mn^ was fur ther remanded for 8 days, Mr. Fairbairn remarking that, no doubt, the case.. .wguuL come on for bearing next Friday. ' ^ '' ., Referring to the ' job ' that has recently bqen efected between tue-Gbveca'manjFand SF ^jfe^atelBporary, 4»ncermnga spe cial train being daily set apart; in its inter ests without the expenditure of a single penny, ^ a Fxemaatle-oorrespi^tdent writes: Onexjf't^egreafest jpbs ever perpetrated -y aOwvernment many part of tiig 'world has just been effected in the interests of your daily contemporary, who hss^fesucd the contemptible announcement : Akt the new departure has put it to considerable expense! Actually it costs the paper in question nothing, except a little advertis ing space ! But, I would ask. axe the neo P-e * SiTtW5n jjM^olent tM^£4SiB aort*4S»g? Xiriet»»iS«Very»erioue' item indeed to the railway folk who have to despatch it every morning from Fre mantle specially to carry a trifling arm full of uninteresting news-sbeefB one hour; earlier than formerly ! I venture to assert that under a decent form of Government this act of jobbing would instantly cause a capsize in the Cabinet, and I do hope that we have;eu!Bctent4fti(?I«sfMtett among us to bring about an indignation meeting that «SJJ eenonnee Bucha prostitution of power in the interests of a pliable news rag.' P.S — I am told that ttiis '-plum. ' would cost any other burinesE firm about £400 per annum. 