OUR MELBOURNE LETTER [?] j am Decoming yearly more and more pojessed with the conviction that the bes place in Victoria for a good, sound hoest, wholesome sleep is the Melbourne Oroivatory. In my yonth I was tanght tha the meanings of words corresponded wit their derivatives, and that astro- nomers signified » slar-gazera ;» bnl Urn-, nn., » St. PMI s,piont| " I understood as a child, and .. n„.3' ass cbilA" tM I J»T childish tliiDgs," I ha « J the, conclusion that astronomers, esDea? ally, in Victoria, are "people who «o !' bed a little before snnset, and don'hvaka np until about ten o'clock next day X! they carefully eearch the heavens fhronS the wrong end of- the talescoDe and by telephone to jhe various . newspaper 1 that there I3 nothing m them, and Shafc 1 the.y ;, feel somewhat hazy about- ft,! 1 weather. I' am W into L « i comment by the absurdly inconsequential I deliverances , of-- -Mr Hilary's satellites concormng the Jubilee comet. Gf course the Observatory didn't discover it until amateurs pomted it qut, because everv body knows that the Observatory never did discover any comet, planet, rerolite or any other, novel feature in the heavens .until somebody, wrote or telegraphed where they might rnb their noses against l.t ; but the 'fanny thing : this time i3 t-bat they conld not see it when if, wnD discovered for them. One of the 1 morning papers,' in fact, perpetrated, 1 unconsciously, a joke . when it represented S our. Government astronomer gettina- up p like a new Van Trorap to sweep the j heavens to. search out that comet at 1 sunrise. Now, as a matter of fact, I although the Observatory people have I had their nightcaps on, the Jubilee comet I -which has been: clearly, despatched to 1 our, atmosphere to do honor to Her I Majesty the Queen— has been perfectly - B visible over a large.pnrt of Victoria, nioht p after night, at ninn nVlnnl- Wednesday. Its tail covers somelhino | like a fifth of tho heavens, it has been per" 1 fectiy. clear and luminous, and as it grows | more distinct each night, I presume that 1 even an amateur may be permitted to | assume that it is approaching us. But the . great advantage of this comet has I I been that itf'e'nables us to determino at I what hour, except on visitors' nigbt3, our 1 Governmental star-gazers go to bed, as 1 well as the thorough incompleteness of I their arrangements for obtaining records I of observations from places other than I Prince's Bridge. On Friday it was ) reported that the comet was sought- for, hat; could not be discerned in conse- If auence of the presence of a bank of | clonds. Now, as a matter of. fact, what repot ters magnificently term our celestial visitor was plainly visible to everyone who looked into the clear and well-lighted sky at twenty-five minutes past nine that night, and so continued for hoars there after, and the bank of clonds referred to never existed, but' was simply condensed smoke from a bush-fire between Arthur's Seat and the Qaarantine-statiou, ia which the snn , set redly. . The honr at which astronomers cease fromstar-gazing, and 8 wallow their nightcap, may there fore be definitely fixed for the future at between nine and a quarter past, and as this is a comfortably early hoar, suiting K people who desire to emulate the seven fit sleepers oif Ephesns, I am opeu to engagement as a professional star-gazer, | Not that this is recent, but because 1 it is new, I here record how greatly tha | commercial world has been perturbed by | the -fact that one of onr largest firms £s has' " changed its account," and now a deals with a banking institution different from that which has been its sponsor for years. The firm I allnde to is a very ' great one, and its principal partner is a very Jupiter of country storekeepers, huudieds e of whom exist by his endorsement on " re- <- newals so that in the public iulereat « it is satisfactory to know that if one bank. is cross, another can be fouud with | sufficient confidence to keep the ball a « rolling. The gossips say that a fissure % in the relatiocs between the principal i partner and his banker widened for soma time, until at last Mr Banker intimated that the 6tyle' of living indulged in by -f. the head of the firm was, in the bank's eyes, altogether '«« too-too." The proper ; commercial reply was at once given; \ the retort that it was like Mr Banker's ? d — — — d impertinence to say such a i thing was promptly flung in his face, = and a cheque at once given to close the -- account, , and , with it all floating risks. I And those terrible- gossips do say that | that little cheque totalled considerably . i over two hundred -thousand pounds. ? The Garlton justices are distinguishing themselves with their sentences. More 5 than once daring the past few months they have astonished the weak nerves of s the. prisoners themselves and those in | court .by the extraordinary manner iu p which, they -have meted out justice. I Thus, for instance, a larrikin brougbtjup is for . assaulting inoffensive people, using v. filthy language, and " going an a tear" ji generally, has been let eff with a fine ef " 20s; or 24 hours' imprisonment ; while j= a brutal wife-beater has been even more f leniently, treated. But the climax W88 f reached on Saturday, when a liltle boy 1 of respectable parentage was' brought up | charged with stealing a hat. No one | denied that he had committed the theft. I That- was apparent. But it was the lad's | first offence, and he was a very little | fellow. Still, the justices were deter f mined to keep to the strict letter of tha I law, and that little lad was sent to gaol for .seven days- there to take a first lesson; in prison life, and « how to become a. criminal. In another case a woman was brought before them for pawning four shillings' worth of property, of which she had been loft in charge. She had even worse luck, for she was remanded to gaol for seven days, because, forsooth, ' the justices couldn't make up their minds whether " she was guilty or not." By my . .troth, . it _ is about time, as a - ; correspondent suggests, that -the J.P. roll -was supervised, or that some ex- ... amination war a. imnnan/i \-- uu i/ulho >yuu ftSDire to " sit in Ruthority over" theic fellow- men. Reverting to a paragraph I mote last- week, touching the 'peculiar ideas held "' by the Secretary of the cemetery trustees p in the matter of headstone inscriptions, I now laarn that the monumental masons are taking the ihatter in band. They -r- havejlons " groaned nnd«r thn - \- , - U uuu Ul I'l 'I1JJ to which they havo been subjected, and - have resolved to stand it no longer, .... Ihey are preparing a statement of the case, to be laid before, thie- trn-teeS themselves. Should these latter rit cliua 0 take action, the matter is to b® allowed to remain over till Parliament meets, when the Government will bS asked to state what the powers of the cemetery authorities real) wo. 