Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c.; During the past week rain has been reported from nearly every part of the colony. So heavy was the rain in the early part of the week that floods occurred in tho Macleay and Manning districts, and tho Clarence was threatened, with another flood. On Saturday a strong gale from E. to S.E., with a very heavy sea, was blowing along the coast from Jervis Bay to Clarence River, and it continued on Sunday, in many places accompanied with heaw rain. Some of the lines to the country stations were interrupted ; the wet weather extended, to many places inland. In the city rain fell heavily nearly the whole of Sunday, and the wind blew in gusts from S.E. to E. At the Observatory, 0*154 inches were measured in 12 hours. Several shipping casualties were reported. In the metropolitan district on Monday the weather was exceedingly fine. On Wednesday the weather had again a very threatening appearance, and rain fell for two or three hours in the morning. The 9 a.m. telegraphic reports showed that it was cloudy and dull throughout the colony, with rain in scattered places, princi pally along the western slope of the range, and the news received at 3 p.m. indicated that the weather continued to be unsettled and rainy in many places. On Thursday morning rain again fell in the metropolitan districts, 'and from several inland stations rain was reported. Harvest operations are now completed in the Quiriudi district. The returns, owing to a great portion of the crops having been destroyed by heavy storms, arc notpropor tionatoly heavy. Great quantitie's. however, keep coining in,and the two local flour milk arc in full work. Our Cootamundra correspondent writes on the 14th instant: — Wo have had unseasonable weather since last writing, with more rain, much to the disgust of our struggling iarmers, many of whom have still a large number of acres of wheat to strip. The wheat now being stripped is next to unsalable, which is a heavy loss, for what with losing the hay and now a large part of their wheat through the rains it is very disheartening. The average of wheat for this district was fully expected to go over 25 bushels to the acre, but now it is hardly likely to reach 20, the wheat stripped since the rain having lost in weight considerably. Our Grafton correspondent writes, under date February 12 : — Rain every day is the rule, until bush roads are so sloppy that they are next to impassable. In the town, what with the soaking of flood-water, and the showery weather, streets and footpaths are in a sad plight. Many of the latter are in a wretched condition, and must remain so until fine weather dries them. It is bad weather for the fanners too, for they cannot get on the land, and the chance they had of getting in a little late corn is becoming less encouraging. What little has been planted iB said to be doing very well, and there is no question that where it could be planted it would grow very rapidly. Mr. W. S. Campbell, who was sent up by the Minister for Mines to report as to the losses sustained'by farmers, has made a very careful inspection of the flooded areas, and, I hear, is quite satisfied that the losses have been greater than was reported. Mr. Sharkey, of the railway survey, has been inspecting the sand-banks, which have suffered more on this occasion than in any previous flood. It has now become impera tively necessary that something shall be done for their pre servation, and the inroads made at some spots give rise to fears that the rain may tare out another channel for itself. Cattle which were on low ground for several days, with water higher than their bellies, look very bad, ana several have died. The water in the back swamps is going down, but very slowly; and a great deal of fine pasture land is thus spoilt, and will be useless until next season, and it is to be feared much of it will not then be available. Drainage has been used to a very limited extent, and hence the water when it gets in remains. Now that owners know the value of their land, there may be greater disposition to drain. Around Deniliquin and in the direction of Moulamein the country looks well, notwithstanding that herbage is dry and more rain is required to freshen it for the winter. There appears, however, to be plenty of long grass to stand several weeks' dry weather, and sufficient water to tide over the summer be it ever so dry. Similar remarks (observes our agricultural reportei) will apply to the country between Deniliquin and Conargo, and Deniliquin and Echuca. The weather for a week past has been intensely hot, and the lurid glare which distinguishes the setting of the sun every evening, indicates that a continuance of hot weather may be expected. Stock of all descriptions are in good condition, but farm matters are at a standstill until suffi cient rain falls to soften the ground. Our Deniliquin correspondent writes on tho 12fh instant : — In January, 1886, Dearly two inches of rain fell in Deniliquin; during January of this year only about a quarter of an inch was registered. Last February it was very dry, only six points being recorded, and so far as can be judged this month will be equally as bad from a graz ing standpoint. During the last fortnight tho weather has been seasonably warm, and] for a week past the ther mometer has ranged frequently up to and over 100- in the shade. The pastures are completely withered up, but there is still plenty of dry feed upon which the sheep thrive well. The tank supplies, however, are visiblv decreasing, the percolation and evaporation being very 'considerable while &b; Bun is so hot. lUeporte from the back country show grand rains, and it was fully expected that we should get the tail end of tiiemhere, but there is little likelihood of obtaining the much-required rain this month. The stock routes are ?very bare of grass, and there are very few stock on the move. The river at Deniliquin is at summer level Much anxiety iB felt regarding the probable oat break of bush-fires, and on the stations they are constantly on the allert, watchmen being specially told off to pre vent damage. 