CONDAH. (from our own correspondent.) March 14. No rain vet, although indications have been ilen tif ill. During toe past week the weather tea been cold and threatening, with occa sional slight showers "barely sufficient to lay tbe duBt. At time of writing, it is dull, cold, and wintry, making a fire very accept- able. roe wnole country is languishing for want of rain. Could not your Mr. Wall supply us with a couple of wet days J We would return them, if necessary, auy week in August. Tbe contractors for tbe bridge at Condah t Ford would hardly appreciate raiu for a few j weeks yet. They have to cart their stone a long distance, and have not yet completed the foundations of the abutmcnte in tbe centre of the water way. This will be a j grand structure when finished, but is hardly J ikely to prove a gold mine to the builders. The Swamp Common is causing some little : stir in the vicinity. Last week the managers ; let the contract for the erection of tbe neces sary yards to Mr. J. Millard for about £20. J Notices were also served upon all owners of stock depasturing upon the Swamp to re- J move them, or register them with the Herds- | man ; and this generally they declined to do. On the other side of the Swamp, about I Knebswortb, the residents formed a deputa tion to the Minister of Lands, introduced by 1 Mr. Wrixon, requesting to have the Common abolished, as their laud was in many in- ' stances nnfenced, and they were apprehen sive of being harassed and worried by tbe Managers of the Common about their tres passing stock. It is to be regretted that tbe Managers were not invited to assist ! at this interview, as they would in very j few words have placed another aspect, and the correct one, before the Minister. 1 Tnese deputatiousts have properties abut ting on the swamp ; in many cases, indeed, ! have obtained portions of it, which they have carefully left unfeuced, giving their stock free access to the Crown lands con- tuned within the Swamp area. This has obtained for years ; some ten thousand acres "j !»«wi«u n»ve veeii jBonupou sea uyeome ten or a dozen individuals without payment of a sixpence in the shape of rent. They bare exercised without challenge the rights of freeholders for so long that they consider the grant of the land for commonage pur poses, when ail can share alike, as an infrac tion of their inherent rights and privileges, and haste to the Minister bewailing their unhappy lot, and their prospects of future misery, arising from being compelled to keep their stock on their own land, or pay the current rates for agistment. However, the managers are disposed to deal equitably with all comers, and are not likely to be "bluffed" from doing their duty either by bogus depu- tations or threats of litigation. We bad a representative of tbe Shearers' Union at tbe Condab Races, and from his standpoint the visit was a most successful one. With good management this will prove one of tbe strongest and most succeas- tul organisations in the colony, and I wish it -every suuuess. — MfltMBable objection can be raised against it, except in matters of detail, and these will right themselves after the first season. At the same time I expect to hear of some awkward results in certain localities where Mr. Woolbale is one of tbe old sort, who can't or won't understand " what these crawlers want ; beggar them." The log obstructions question referred to in previous letters, has assumed another phase. At tbe recent meet ing of the Shire Council a very warm discussion ensued, during which the president's usual urbanity completely for sook bim. In this case-a ratepayer requested the Council to remove obstructions; thus, carrying the war into toe enemy's camp with a vengeance. A majority of toe Council — of which the East Riding representatives formed no integral part — decided to make an amatear detective of the engineer, that he should visit the spot and ascertain who placed the obstructions in their present posi tion, and if he wbb satisfied that the Council were liable to take, steps to have them re moved at once. This will lead to some awk ward complications, and is also throwing nndue responsibility on the engineer. In this case there eeemB little doubt ef toe ownership of the logs, and' the Council must, therefore, pay and look pleasant. Some people are never satisfied. About two-thirds of this locality has been swept by bush-fires, the latest being at Hotspur and the Smoky River, and Whittlebury and the Blacks Reserve, the Whittlebmy fire being still alight. Yet it is alleged that, knowing the enormous losses thafi-ffiad already been experienced by bis neighbours, a creature handed setting fire to the Mission Station fence on Wednesday evening last. The cir cumstances are alleged to be of a particularly aggravating character. The matter has been placed in the hands of Trooper Hsu lan, of Heywood, by the Superintendent, Mr. Sttole, so that at the next sittings of the local Court the details will become public property. 