Ouk llillstou letter will be found on our fourth pago. Gkattan Rioos oponod at tho Academy of Music, on Thursday evening, in 'Tho Irish Dotoctivo' to an overflowing houso, tho back of tho hall boing iucou vonientlv crowdod. Mo-»t of tho company aro now to ilay, and tho names iik-ludo thoso of Mr F. C. Apploton, Mr J. P. AVost, and others well known in tho metropolitan theatrical world. G rattan ltiggs jjrovod that ho is still the powerful and pleasing actor wo have known, and his groatmimot.io ability was shown to tho utmost ndvantngo in this piece, wh'ch gives his undoubted genius full play. Ho irupe^onutod Arthur Tncoy (thoDetootivoj, Michaol Doolan(from tlio north coun try), ilans Spielman (a German glazier). Pop Corn Jnico (aged negro clam soup merchant), Mra Muldoon (a fruit vondor), Ah Cat (a Chineso pio voudor), Mattoo Mazctti (an Italian Padrone). Every impor nonation was good, but Mrs Muldoon and tho nigger Popcorn Juico soomod to croato tho most uproarious morrimont. Tho clevor manner in which Mr Riggs dillbro;.tiatos his characters has boon always a topic for commondation with critics. Mr Apploton as Wil liam lioyt was ot' courao tho clevor gontlonnnly actor ho has always been, and ho took tho andionco from tho boginning. Mr J. P. West as tho villain Richard Stockton almost took socoud honors. Of tho ladios Miss Blanche Lowis, an accomplished actress, who took tho strong part of Grace Hoyt, and Miss Addio Capper who was the Jossio, mado tho doopost impres sion, but Miss Gwynno Horrick and Miss Amelia Francos nlayod thoir parts well. To-night ;; great troat is promised, a now drama entitled ' Shadows of a Great City,' and on Saturday evening the over popular ?' Arrah-Na Poguo' will bo produced. 'Shin Fano' will fill tho bill on Monday. This ia ono olJMr Riggs' best plays. The Hugo Minstrels opened at tlio Academy of Music on Monday night to an overflowing houso. Tho mombors had hardly rocovored from tho colds and woarinoss of thoir journeys, so some of them did not appear to the advantage they otherwise would. Ui:dor thoso circumstances, tho prograuimo was rather wanting iu novelty, tho items aud jokos not boing new to any extent, but invention in this lino seems about played out, as tho visitor to Sydnoy, Melbourno, or ovon London will soon discovor. How ever, somo of tho jokos wore not bad, and somo of ttera wore woll told. As usual with nearly all com panies visiting here, tho lady part was tho woak ono, and it is hardly f.-osbiblo to givo a commendatory line to one of them, though no doubt thoy endeavored to do thoir work us v. oil as thoy could. Mijy Lillio Warren took tho audience to somo dogroo by her rendering of tho pathetic song 'The Scotch Brigade.' Miss Verne's drosses, however, wore vory handsome £nd tastotul. Tho Hugo Brothers aro fairly capable in their lino, though on Monday evening thoy did not &ppoar; tJ such advantage as wo havo seen thorn. Tho laembor of the company who mado an unqualified tucco6s and took tho uudionco by storm was Mr Walter Keon, who is of tho 'lion comique,' a la Kickards' typo. His whistling song, though not now to Melbourno people, was new to most Hay folks, and took. The gentleman who took tho part of the policem in was also well received. Tho Hugos played oa Tuesday nnd Wednesday evening, and then loft for Nnrrandora. A Tiun, miserable looking old man named David Wilkinson was charged at the Polieo Court on Titos dty, before Messrs Lakeman (Chairman), Trovoua, and Andrew, J.P.'s, with having no visible means of support. Ho pleaded not guilty, saying he had ?'ffays and moans.' Constable Urquhart deposed ho had known accused for twolvo months. Ho had seen two bad womon at accused's camp; ho lived on thoir prostitution. Accused here mado a frightful face at tho constablo and gosticulatod in tho best French style. He vehomontly denied tho chargo. Coustablo Nolan deposed ho was attracted at 2 o'clock on Monday morning to accused's hut at South Hay by loud talking. Ho found accused un dressed in bod, axd two prostitutes sitting on tho bod. Witness had kno-n. accusod since January and had novor known him do any work. Accusod in do fonco ?aid ho had boon working for his neighbors. Ho had been working for Mr Frank Johns, who paid him i!3 10s. Ho had boon doing odd jobs. Ho had boeu chopping brush. Ho had never been short of money. Tho sergoant said thore had been a lot of complaints from reapectablo pooplo about this man. [Mr Gordon hore took his seat.] Accusod was sen tenced to a month's imprisonment. Ann Martin, ono of Wilkinson's companions, was then chargod with having boon drunk, and with indocout oxposure. She had only come out of gaol on Thursday morning, i She had boeu lying under tho bridge ou Monday | afternoon. She was sentonced to three months. | At tho Police Court on Friday, boforo Mr Poarco I P. M. and Messrs Lakoman and Cheery J. P'e, Thomas Lavender, licensee of the Bridge Hotel, Lichlan streot, was charged with allowing dice to be playod iu his houso on tho 19th Novomber. Mr Lav endor pleaded guilty, but said ho know nothing of tho dico beiug played. Constablo Nolan depos.'d to sooing throe men playing dice in tho bar forimney Tho Sorgoant : It's tho usual thing dice for drinls in hotels. Mr Poarco : As no chargo has herototoro beon brought against yon, Mr Lavender, wo will be : lenient and iino you only 40s. A Small Debts Court was held boforo Messrs Lakeman, Trovona, Andrew, Gordon, and Threlkold, ?l.P.'a, on Tuosday. Verdicts for plaintiff woro given in R. M'Kenzie v. Payne, £1 9s, and Quattort v. Mrs Hatching, £Q Is 7d. In Quattert v William Riynor, iJl^Ts lid, bread supplied, the defendant denied owing the money. Verdict for plain tiff; timo given. Quatterb v. W. Miles, bre-ul sup plied, X'l Jis 74d. Verdict for plaintiff. R. Macken zie v. R W. Duncan, hoard and refreshment . Mr Urough for plaintiff Tho claim was admittod, but a sot. off was put in. Mr Duncan gavo evidonco Mackenzie owed bini £2 2s for a plan, and witnoss had sent him one shilling in stamps, which cleared tho account. Mr Mackenzie gavo rebutting evidenco. Ho had novor asked Mr Doncan to draw a plan; ho had simply requested him to give him a price, Air Brough said Mr Duncan was not an architect, and could not claim 1£ commission. Mr Duncan said tho case was a facsimile of ouo he had with Mr Dillon some time ago, and which he won. Ho was au architect. Tho Bench held Mr Duncan was on titled to commission, and hold tho accouut had been settled per contra. No costs. Duffy v. Chandler; amount acknowledged, timo given. At tho Ivanhoo Police Court on the 18th, before Messrs G. H. Gower, P.M., and Geo. Williamson, J.P., W, A. Gogan sued W. J. Stewart for damagos for loss of timo by non-fulflllment of contract. Vordict for defendant. W. J. Stowart v. W. A. Gogan, goods sold and delivered to amount of i!2 7s. Verdict for plaintiff for amount claimed and costs of court, Robert D. Weir sued E. Robinson for tres pass. The caso was adjourned till tho 115th Decem ber next. Robert D. Weir v. F. Alborts, trespass. Adjourned till lGth December next. Auctioneers' Licenses wero granted on Tuesday to tho following porsons : — Honry Brougham Broughton, Jamos Kounody, George Butterworth, Charlos Hidg cock, Aloxander Stevenson, Robert Coulter M'Kinney, Allon Lakoman, William Thom is Hills, John Porter, John Knowlman, Robort Gibson. The first bushfire of tho season broke out in tho Police Paddock on Thursday, in tho foronoon. It is supposed tho fire broke out through somo ashes thrown out by a splittor's wife, which gradually ignited tho grass. Tho utmost euro should be exor cised this season, and no ashes should bo thrown out without assurance that they are porfoctly dead. Bottles and other reflecting articles should also bo hun'edup jiud put out of harm's way. When tho fire was discovered assistance was rendered on all hand®. Tho Mungadel folks turned out and workod with hearty good will, ovon tho 'ladies, while great assistance was rendered by tho snagging party, who aro camped close at hand. Sergeant Harper heard of the matter whon conducting tho bigamy caso in court, and went off posthaste iu a cab, but tho flro was nearly got out whon he arrived. Mr J. S mson sont to Hay, at tho close, for refreshments for tho.hoated and thirsty workers, and his gonornus hospitality was thoroughly appreciated About ton acros of grass wus destroyed, Mr Coi'eland movod tho following motion in the Assembly, on Tuesday : 1. That it is dosirablo to givo encouragomont to agricultural interests, similar to that now given to dairy farming, through tho maintenance of import duties on buttor, cheese, and bacon, and that such encouragomont should tako tho form of import duties at tho following ratos : On grain and pulso of all kinds, not othorwise boaring duties, Gd por bushel; boatis, peas barloy and oats,4d por bushol; hay and chaff, (-d por cwt; flour and weal 20s per ton; brau, pollard, and sharps', 2d por bushel; potatoes 10s por ton. 2. That the foregoing resolu tion be communicated by address to his Excellency the Govoroor, Of courso it wasn't carricd, ! j Church op England : Hillston Parochial Dis trict. — Tho usual Divino Sorvico will bo hold at Gunbar, on 27th, at 1 1 o'clock, with Holy Communion. At Christ Church, Hillston, on 4th December, there will be Holy Communion at 8 a.m.; morning prayer at 11, and evoning prayor at 7.30 p.m. A spocial sorvico of intorcossion for missions will bo usod on that day. On llth Docombor thoro will bo tho usual Divino Sorvico at Like Cudgollico, but at 1 1 o'clock a.m. with Holy Communion, instead of 4 o'clock aud 7.«'50 p.m. On tho same day thoro will bo sorvico at Etnbalong, at 4 o'clock p.m., instead of 11 a.m. Ciujrch or England, IIav — Divino Sorvico at St. IJaul's on Sunday next, morning aud evening, at tho usual hours; and at Pino Ridgo on Wodnesday even ing, nb 7 p.m. Prksuyteiuan Church. — Tho Rev. J. Mcintosh will conduct divino «orvico in Carrathool Church, on Sabbath tho 27th inst, at 12 o'clock noon, Tho Rov. J. M. Ross will conduct divino sorvico in Hay Church in the morning, J. Mcintosh in tho evoning. (D.V.) Mass will bo celobratod noxt Sunday, Novembor 27th, -.t Pinorid&o.; What aro voyage* coming to? Tho first trip of tho P. and O. Co'k mail stonmors was dono in about throe mouths, whereas tho Oriont steamer Ormuz which has just arrived has made the trip fwm Ply mouth in 27 days 22 hours. The engineer doclaros alio will yet mako a bettor record. Mk. Butterworth was tho only auctionoor who attended at tho Auctionoor's Licensing Court on Tuesday, and Mr Lakoman commonted upon it, and Mr Buttorworih said this was tho 25th timo ho had appliod for and boon grantod an auctionoor's liconso. Hillston. — Ou lioxing Day thoro will bo a salo of work in aid of tho vicarago fund. Meakks and Fay olnowhoro outer oxtotisivoly into an exposition of thoir business, which will ropay portisal. A .meeting of tho Murrumbidgee Land Tax Asbo ciatiou, rocontly formed, was hold on Tuesday at Wagga. Rosolutious woro adoptod advocating taxa tion on land valuos on the principles laid down by Honry George. Mr Hunter was eloctod prosidentJ Mr T. Halloran, vice-presidont; and Mr J. H. Cravon, secretary. The objo:ts of tho association aro to pro vont any furthor alionation of public ostatos, to abolish all existing methods of raising revenue and substitute taxation of land valuos only. The Sydnoy City Council is again in dobt — their overdraft is £2(5,0!J0. Wo suppose tho Government will soon bo called on to pay thoir dobts; thoy paid £750,000 somo years ago. A meeting of Hotelkoepors was hold on Wednes day evoning at tho Commercial Hotol, when it was decided to givo time t.o tho roprosontativeB 'of tho local Brewery to communicate with tho head ofltco in Molbourne with a view to accedo to tho demands of tho licensed victuallers. A r*nly is expected early. Hay has an aristocratic landlord. In a loaso made out last wook tho landlord was Lord Colin Carapboll, who made himsolf notorious by suing his wifo for a divorco. Ho n probably tho chairmau of tho invest ment company which advanced on tho property. Mr Broughton junr. was chargod at tho Polico Conrt boforo Mr Poarco P. M. and Mr Chorry J. P., to day with driving without propor lights. Mr Robortson appoared foi? tho Council for tho first time, and asked for costs, though ho would not en force them. Mr Broughton was fined 5s and costs. Ho had pleaded guilty. H. B. Brought, n and Co roport having sold on account of Mr D. J. Fonnell, 1000 ag6d owes, and having loasod for Messrs Moorehouse nnd Marshall their two blocks of country on Waljeer*, Messrs Hann and Halloran being tho lessoos. We have givon delivery last wook of 300 8 tooth ewes for Messrs W. and E. Kennedy, Ticohurst. H. B. Broughton and Co, soil a lot of horses on tho 3rd Decombor. — see advt. Mr Adolphe Gabriel, tho well known dentist wil bo in Hay on Monday next, and remain till 2nd Dec ember, and may bo consultod at Esplin's Hotel. 'Did you notice it ?' That It. C. McKinney and Co will soil to day ai thoir Mart, Caledouiati Hotol, saddlery, harness, cut lory, hawkor'a turn oat, cloth ing, drapory, bouts, otc. All unreserved. Horses and dairy cattlo at their yards. Mr M'Lellan wanted tho Victorian Promior to ' go ouo better' to Sir Henry Parkes' idea of calling this colony Australia by naming Victoria Australasia. ' No,' replied Mr Gillies, with surprising humor, ' for somo other colony might trump tho trick and call itsolf 'The Southern Hemisphere.'' 