LOCAL AND GENERAL. An Old shepherd, named Richard Lam bert, died at the York Hospital on Mon day last. The following are the names of the winners of the different events at the i Perth Races ou the first dhy : Maiden Plate:—Franklin 1st, Strike Again 2nd. Town Plate :—Agitation 1st, Corona- , tion 2nd. Railway Stakes :—Sir Wal- j ter 1st, Banter 2nd. Selling Race :— | Garnet. Pcr:h Cup :—First Prince 1st, ] Telephone 2nd, Tremando 8rd. ! The election of a Councillor in the room of Mr. R. Hardman, resigned, takes ■ place at the Mechanics' Hall, on Mon day, 17th Instant. Polling commences , at II a.m. We understand that the ganger, Richard Gregory, who the other day was injured by the explosion of a charge of dynamite is still progressing favorably. We regret to learn that Mr. H. Han cock, of Spring Dale, has recently suf fered a pecuniary loss in having his hay stack complete!}' destroyed by fire. Bush fires have been very plentiful ol late, and the leal extent of damage done, cannot, I we think, be at present decided upon. From the Eastward, around Dangin, Mooranoppin, and Mount Stirling, the wheat crops have not turned out so well as might be expected. From a most re liable source we have asce tained that the average may be taken at something like ten bushels to the acre- The Eastward settlers have had rather more rain than we about town, yet apparently not suf ficient to cause mother earth to yield her finite plentifully. As the train was returning from Bev erley on Thursday evening, and when op posite Gwambygine farm, a bull was seen on the line, defying, it appeared, the ap proach of the engine, and it was not an t'l he got a severe bad from the engine that he gave way. In a frolicsome man ner he moved off, but immediately turn ed ronnd, giving the engine driver a de cided challenge to meet again. At a meeting of the Beverley Road3 Board held on the 80th December last, for the election of three members going out, viz : Messrs. J. Seabrook, Wm Smith, aud E. R. Parker. Thesa gen tlemen were all re-elected, and Mr. Sea brook again elected as Chairman. There is a rumor afloat to the effect that shortly one of oar most esteemed Government servants will take his exit from our midst, in order to enjoy promo tion elsewhere. Without denying the of ficial in question the promotion which he so richly deserves and merits, we cannot refrain from expressing a hope that he will-continue to remain amongst us, and throw iu his lot with oar own. Should be, however, decide to avail himself of the offer to enter tqpn " fresh fields and pas tures now," he has our best wishes for his success and happiness; during bis residence in our midst he has proved him self a most painstaking and worthy offi cer of the Government, ever attentive to his duties, and should circumstances ne cessitate his removal, the authorities will find it a somewhat difficult task to fill his place. A vouwo farmer, named Frank Ar- j lhurs, who owns a small place to the < eastward of York, called Pindarling, was ! last week burnt out. Besides about six tons of bay, forty bushels of wheat, his house, and goods and chattels, be also lost a stripper. The only person on the place at the time was a half-caste youth, who states that his attention was at tracted to the fire by the explosion of a canniBter of powder, which was lyi'sg in the house. Arthurs, himself was away from home at the time, but the native states that he tried, hut was unable to save anything from the fury of the flames. Arthurs is a struggling, steady young man, a native of the distriot, and much sympathy is felt lor him in his loss. On Friday night (New Year's Eve), the usual watch service took placo at the Wesley an Oh apeh During Christmas time there have been a great many fatalities at the Me tropolis. We learn from our contem poraries that Mr. C. G. H. Cooper, of Perth, died on Sunday last. Mr. Cooper, for many years, was chief clerk in Messrs. Stone & Burts' office, and was generally respected. 'He ever took a lively interest in all matters which af fected the woiking classes, was Presi dent of the Perth Working Men's Asso ciation, in which capacity he was much esteemed. A novelty took place in York on Tuesday evening last in the Bbape of a Masquerade Ball. The like has never been held here before, and it was expect ed that more persons would have attend ed in costumes. Among these who wore representative costumes were :—Ned Kelly,1' " A Minstrel," •' An Armenian Nobleman," "An Actress," and others. Thobe who belong to the Wesleyan denomination in Yo~k have doubtless heard the Rev. Mr. Campbell preach, and possibly have become personally acquaint ed with him' They will be indeed sorry to - hear that a few days back he passed over to the great majority. After con ducting Divine Service in Penh both morning and evening on Christmas Day, attending at the bedside of a dying mem ber of his congregation, in the early morning of the following day he passed peacefullv and quietly away to the pre sence of his Master. The Government have lost a valuable Bervant in the death of Mr. Edward Ashton, who expired at the residence of Mr. Solomon, Fremantle, on Christmas Ere. Those who kindly wished us well by mean'; of the season's cards have our best thanks for their thoughtfulnesB, and they, in conjunction with our readers, have our heartiest wishes for their BucceBS and prosperity during the coming year. We regret to hear of an accident which happened a little time back to a man named Henry Saul, working on the Bev erley-Albany line. He, together with his wife and family, resided in a tent in close proximity to the line, and the other day a fire suddenly spruug up in the sil ver grass growing around his abode. Fearful of the consequences, which he knew would accrue were he to stay in his tent, he snatched to bis arms one of his children, but in making his esoape his foot tripped against BOme obstacle and he was severely bnrnt; he was at once con veyed to Beverley, where medical aid was soon procured. A child of Mr. H. Heal's'died in town on Thursday, and was buried on Friday. The carolling at St. John's Church on Christmas night was really good, and reflected very great credit upon thoBe who took part, A young man named Boyle, son of Mr. George Boyle, of the Green Hills, met with a rather painful accident a few days back while attending to a stripper. From what we bear he was rectifying some little irregnlarity in the machine, when the hotseB moved on, his band catching in some of the cogs, the result being that ho has lost a portion of hie left baud. He is, however, we are glad to say, now progressing towards recov ery. WE are sorry to hear that there is a great falling off in the grape crop thiB year. From several owners of vineyards we have received reports to the effeot that they expect an almost entire failure, a fact very much to be lamented. Stone fruits will he hut poorly represented this year, while melonB, pumpkins, cucum bers, etc., are everywhere languishing for want of moisture. The season has been very dry, and the grass iB dried up and withered. 