Our Island Neighbors. jRATUTGSrAND 'BOING^N* NEW; ZEAIiANB.' I ! . .., M "Und of ;tli« Moori. awd 4Dfc mo&HC; ..¿ !. ? \ft Wbiti, the,-prophet, "has -been set at ; liberty ibiin -haritiè served about, throo^fourths of bis ftteiloe.'*,Ho is not quito clear of the offeeta of his I.:* "»nnWic osoaDado even ncfw, however, as thora iVatül tho fine of .£100, whioh han not been paid. The Govern mont, it is said, does not mean to inforco thia fino unless he gives more trouble, in which oase it mil no doubt shut him up onoe more. Tho ohanoes Lte that tho Prophet will be careful. There is nothing at all mad about Te Whiti. Those who Snow ¿lui best think most highly of Kia clever cal culating turn bf mind j and no ono who personally iknowBhim at all considers him the viothu of in« Eßity. The faot of the matter is that among the Maoris it pays to be a prophet. The natives ni Now Zealand are a highly imaginativo and also aiiassionfttely patriotio moe. A prophet moroly of morals and religion would have no hold upon them stall.' But a prophet whoso utterances are patriotio, and whose visions always tend toward the salvation 6ttl elevation of tho raoe, becomes at once a power Miongtbom. There have been ßovoral before To VTttiti but none as astute and successful aa ho has leon. ' His Boheme of pasBive- rosiBtance is a master rjcoo in the circumstances 5 and Mr. Dillon and tho jriBh 'National League might get valuable hints from nierai bf Ina arrangements. As a prophet, indeed, lj has only ono fault-he is out of dato. It'is too We now to opposo either active or passive resistance' 10 tho inevitable progress of settlement in New toland, or to the equally inevitable decay of his ff.ce. It io to be hoped that he will( see this at last, ind éither'give up the prophetic business altogether, or do bis prophesying moro quietly than of old. -, NAVAIi NEGOTIATIONS. Jtis au opon Beeret that the Now Zealand Govern-' Imont ia in negotiation with the home authorities, through the admiral, respecting naval defence No' jjociot has beou made of its unwillingn«8B to have anythingto do with a federal eoheme embracing Aus tralia; and it would be in vain to try at prosentto flraw New Zealand from that position. The island polony must paddle her own canoe in naval as in other mattera, on the simplo ground that it will suit br beat to do so. The Government, it is now said, 11 willing to propose a revenue contribution for deCenoo to;Eagland, on the condition that in time of p«ace two men-o'-war are permanently placed.in New Zealand waters, and that they are allowed to assist ia various ways in developing and strengthening the jonal defensive foioos connected with shipping. Two principies aro involvod in the pr&posals;, which will le found usually kept in view by New Zealand politicians. The first is that they got a full équivalent for their money ; the other that they are tot condemned to play second fiddle to the Australian coionieB in any way. Tho amount of jealousy of Aus (ralia which exists in Now Zealand is scarcely under stood in these oolonies, but it ia very real, and per haps not very unnatural, .She is just near enough to be a good deal overshadowed by the magnitude of àuitrftlian interests, while she is not and. perhaps cannot hopo ever to be' hear enough to feel any very real unity of interests.. At any rate tho present pro posals mean that New Zealand insists on being dealt Iwith alone;;aud if the Imperial Government deolines lo do thia-tho Government will decline to recommend My appropriation whatever in aid of naval defence. THK FED.ERAI, CONFERENCE.. The Federal Conferopco,;-ap might',be, oxpeoted, fiads no great support in Now Zealand. As far aa the treas has thought it worth speaking about at all, it baa thought it worthy of . oritioism rather than sup port. The Government on tho other hand has inti mated that tho Agent-General in London will do very well as a representative of tho colony unless the Colonial Office is prepared to state exaotly what ia to bo discussed. In a word, New Zealand will not be |Comrnitted. The Federal Act and tho Federal Coun iicil established a sort of " soare" in tho New Zealand Imind, which it will take years to get rid of. The idea that any outside body can in any way pveride the colonial Parliament ia, ono whioh will not bo enter tained for a moment; and it matters little by what limo it is called, or where the body sits-whether in london or iu Hobart. . It ia thia feeling whioh ren ders all Bohumes of federation so very dqlusivo, be cause while in the abstract the idea may bo well Bnpported iu must of the colonies, in each particular attempt which is made somo particular colony will he found too jealous of its independence to join in united action. ' Of all'tho colonies, Now Zealand ÍB' tie most certain to givo trouble to federalists in this VOLCANIC WONDERS. The visitors to tho lake country give, glowing Iccounts' of what there is to bo seen there; It jppears that the mud-covored area can now be oasily traversed by vehicles or on foot, and that in conae itcneo it is moro oasy than beforo to see what ia to te seen,. What ia to bo seen consists for tho most part of pbyscrs and solr'ataràs of mud, steam, and flator, of all Bort* and sizes, and in all kinds of now andmioxpeoted situations. Tho'old still life whioh wa BO boautii'ul has, to a largo extent, boen swept away. Tho two groat terraces, tho wonders of tho fforld in their own special line, aro oithor blown up jrcovorcdup. Opinions differ aa to which has been Heir fate, but the result is that thoy aro gone. .The :omautio forreat of glowworms, and the lovely Lake « -Itptomahana, aro both among tho legendary wmioB of the pa&t.; Tarawora Lillie romains Meed and has grown bluo again sinuo tho wat dmastor ¡ and tho famous thormal baths of otorua¡aro as singular and aa ourativo as over, «ut tho country whioh was ocoupiod by tho lakes,' ne terraces, and tho forost, baa devoloped anew ?'»Bs of phenomena more active and striking, if loss ^sitively beautiful, than beforo. The great volcanio mis saidtobe so romurltablo a wonder that it alone « worth a journey round tho world to Heo; and for ui aorta of volcanio activity tho district is now tobably unrivalled. The steam, if riot the smoko, of Z oon.ntry> »P »ko tho smoko of a f arnaco, and ^e ourioua'may seo nearly anything that is to bo ÄOenontho faoo of tho globo in illustration of vol ÏMioenorgy at a very limited oxpendituro of timo ut. r?' ,,Prom timo to timo a now geyser breaks »Ci ,° thllJS ia too common to cauBO po- remark. As far aa the inhabitants WI Roomed there soemB littlo cause to ?LU th,3ro wiU °o pormanent Buffering K «». n0nîui8i0na oî maturo. Tho mud has turnod Bli! MK«! - \?r friwinR' Potatos, and the spirits of ?SW I in 1110 dlstrict havo rison in consoquenco. ftadLr-i0 ro'00^blishod their tourist carrying WU\\)1 ift.Twora Lako- and tfl0 ohanoos seem to bo WmmH will Boou bo bottor off than ovor boforo. ? Tho fl A C,?NTUOVÍ¡ItSTAL POLITICIAN. Äiilin.nPo? ri now*papora havo proved Bovoro nll.ua Vosro18 economic theories. They Koten il toJP\oces his rooont epooohoB in favor of -KtwL' lavo sutured to assnro tho-public K i litLW-ft3J.notLil^ in thom. The Treasurer ia W'» m wdnjuant at the criticisms, and aow challenges -th© 'Dunedin -papera to join with him in aubmitting: hie arguments and their own critioiBma <ta. name competent and unprejudiced ßtranger to Bay sly ho has tho bettor of it; It doesn't yet appear jrhothor tho nowapapers will agree to tho competí jioQ'-ánd perhaps, it doesn't muoh mattor whethBE; they do br not. It will .neither advance nor rotard the cauBe of froetrade or protection Very -muoh that someone pronouncea Sir Julius Vogel's Bpcoeh to be better than some, other person'B critioißm upon it. The curious part of tho buaineBS is the sensitiveness to ne wspaper oriticißm displayed by the New Zealand .Treasurer. Tho influonco of tho preaB ia great and well^ recognised already ; but ehould it booomo tho fashion tor politicians and etatesmen to challenge publio disoussionB. with their journalistic oriticB, wo ßhall have reached quito a new stage in tho develop ment of tho liberty of the press. WOOLLEN FACTORIES. Speaking of protection naturally Buggoota the question of tho'Now Zealand woollen manufacturea. These are now well established, and their reputation is fully oonfirmod all over these colonies. But they have owod IOBS than many far less suoooaaful ventures to proteotivo duties. When tho earlier and aa yet the most BUcoosBful of tho Now Zealand factories waa established, tho ad valorem duty on woollen goodB did not excood 2 por cent. It has ßinco boen raised to 15 por^ cent., but, as far aa appears, without benoiitting the local enterprise to any appreciable oxtent. On tho whole, the milla pay well ; and the artioles they produoo aro firat rato in quality, and as far aa they go, they form an argument in favor of tho theory that it ia not protpetion, but tho existence of natural economic piroumBtancos of a favorable kind, whioh alone oau be trusted to establish new and BucoosBtul industries. Already oaoh leading New Zealand contre of population haa its woollen factory ; and thero are work and reasonable profit for all in the trade. But'theao factories havo been of alow and gradual growth, and have not aprung up with the mushroom rapidity whioh ^characterises the riBO of new munufaoturo^ stimulated by' tho unnatural excitement, ofa heavy duty. , i. THE NEW NATIVE LAND' LAWS. In dealing with the. rights of native, landholders or olaimanta, tho New * Zealand Government baa had a difficulty whïoh has al way a been its own speoial trial. In no other country has any oivilised nation reoogniaed the title of a few nativos to the whole land in whioh thóy were, found. Thia waB done when we assumed possession of tho sovereignty of New Zealand, and it has been, rigidly carried into practice ever ainoe. Of coursé it has involved eudleßa trouble and muoh expenso. Every aore of land whioh has passed either to the" Government or the Bottlers has boen bought from the Buppoaed ownera (oxoopt about two millions and a half acres confis cated at the time of tho war ,of 1863), and the market value paid for it, The trouble baa àlwaya been to find the owners, aa not one acre in New Zea'andout of a thousand could be said to be the undisputed pro perty of a single perâoh, A masé of legislation has been the consequence ; and to this day it has failed to give satisfaction. The elasseB who cannot bo satisfied are tho natives, who will not bo satißfied with the decision of any court whioh doea not givo them exactly what they ask for, on the one hand, and tho class of European thooriata who demand an impossible regard (cs the rights of fanoiful Bupremaoy sot up on behalf of certain chiofa and triboB ovor their neighbors'landa on the othor. Last year new courts wore constituted by etututo to determine the ownership of native landa, und to regulate dealing with it by Europeans. ' Tho now law ia an inatanoe of thooretioal legislation which mußt break down from, its own weight. To ; secure itB popularity it provided : that no land could.como be fore tile court without tho consent of a majority of the tribe to whom it belonged. Thia, it ia now said, will merely load to wholesale bribery and debauchery. The court is to oonßist of three judges, two natives and one European ; and even the natives now object to this on tho ground that no justice will bo got unless the native judged are handsomely paid by tho Buitora. It ia in fact hopolssa to please every body, and impossible to abut out by law tho possibility of abuaoa. Aa long aa Maoria own landa whioh they . cannot use, and European ? speculators think they can make money by buying them, ao long will thoro bj transactions which aro not all that can bo wished. Virtue, however, cannot bo created by Act of Parliament, and the attempt to Bocuro it by appealing from a European to a native court will prove a melancholy disappointment. A FIJIAN GOLDFIELD. It ia hard to say why Fijian colonists think they ought to have a goldfield in their islands, but Bomo cf thom evidently do so. A syndicate has just 8oeured, for a handsome romuneration, tho services of three experienced New Zealand gold diggers to prospect thoir country. Those who know Fiji tho best will bo apt to think the least of tho chance of success j but in the meantime tho select diggora havo'gono to thoir hew field of labor, and ; moan to give tho country an exhauetive examination. Why New Zealand diggers wore employed ' is not very clear, unless it bo from the faot that whilo Fiji does moat pf her trade with Australia, she "gives moat of her Bympathy and friend ship to Now Zealand. . ? MISCELLANEOUS,ITEMS, . Two MEN BTJBNED TO DEATH.-A small house occupied aa a boardinghouse, for laborera in Shakes peare-road,' Napier, waa burñod, down';làBt week. The bediea of Teehon (the proprietor) !.and a laborer named Kelly woro disoqvere'd .iii ¡the ruinB. Thoy; had almost boon charred : out of recognition by tho flamea. The family was away on a yißit at tho timo. LOAN vom NAIUEB.-Notice! of moyiön baa been given in the municipal council''.'to borrow ¿C500Í) of tho sinking fund of tho loan for drainage and oxton- j sion of water supply.1 ', ~ . A EEAÍ, TRAG ED ri-Miss Lillie Bryers, of the Powers Pantomime Company, burat a blood-voBael i whilo at rehearsal in tho Théatro Royal, Wollington, \ and when tho mail loft waa reported to bo ina pro- j oarioua condition. : ! . ?' ? '. .. ' ' OOHING GENEEAL ELECTION.-Wi Pore, who roproaonta the Eaatern Moari District in tho House of Representatives, will contest tho seat against all comerá. Tho candidates HO far are Messrs. Jamoa Carroll and Jco Warbrick. The lattor ia a well- j known footballer. ''.'.. '.. A PAYABLE WELLINGTON Co.-At the annual mooting of tho. Wellington Moat Preaerving and | Froozing Company the balanoo- aheot showed a profit of iC12,5'15 on tho year's operations. A dividend of 12} por cont, waa doolarod. CRIMINAL STATISTICS.-During the yoor 1836 tho total number of persona summoned or apprehended in tho U.M. Court waa 1710. Fifty-four were com mitted for trial, 12J.4 wore Bumniarily dealt with, 285 woro dismissod for want of ovidonco¡ and 1C3 wore diamieaod cu their morita. Tho pohco returns for tho district of Dunedin show that during last year thore woro 1822 maleB and 532 females summouod or apprehended. There was a docronao in ca«oß of drunkenness and assaults, and thoro wera ihoroaaoa in breaches of tho poaoo and arson. THE BAKKIEJÎ ISLAND TRAGEDY.--Tho. trial of Caffrey and Penn for tho Groat Barrior Island mur der began in the Contral Criminal Court, Auckland! on Monday, tho 17th inst«... ,". POLÍTICA.!, ANTiciPATioNs.-rït rnmöred that j when Parliament meeta every effort will ha made foi «ki p .thronen- 4ho * session. with ! aa little fighting " as poásiploi'relegating all moot questions .to-the general.! elootion.: It ia whispered (said the'Now Zealand '.TIMBS) that soundings have been;attempted in ä Cor-' tain high quarter aa to tho probability of a dissolu tion boing rofuBed until redistribution should hayo taken place, but that " no bottom'' was-reached, DESIRABLE. SETTLERS.-CIOBO upon forty applica«. tiona hayo boon received for a- blook of throe, thou sand acroá in CatlinB Eiver diatriot, Otago, open undor tho homestead system; Moat Cf tho applicants are married men. ... EXPORT OF THA.MES KAURI.--¿68197 worth of timber waa exported from tho ' Thames during tho year 188G. ' BUSH FIRES.-Bush'fires have been raging for some time in the Taranaki district, and last woek the Taranaki townspeople were almost smothered by the smoke. At Tikerangi Mr. Baldwin's homestead was burned down. A Bettler near Egmont had tho whole of his crop.of grass Bead destroyed. A groat fire was raging last week in the Awárra Swamp, noar Whiriwhiri. Over 4000 acres havo already been swept olean by tho flameB, and as everything waB very dry serious results woro anticipated. A good deal of fencing has been burned ; but BO far, owing tb tho energy of the settlors, tho homesteads have escaped. A fire in the Pakuhia Swamp swept down on tho railway station, and tho building was only Baved by the exertions of tho linemen. Tho bush on Hakaramita range (Waikato) ia on fire, but tho damage cannot be ascertained. It was about this timo last year that the groat Stratford fire denuded over ton miles of country of vegetation and home steads. . 