ARTHUR LANDON, THE AUSTRALIAN BUSHMAN. BY ANCUS MACLEAN. ATrnoe or "H?Ano BLootKIELn," &ac.; CHAPTER I. DaCK T HURSDAY. It was on the morning of that memorable ay which holds such a conspicuous position in the annals of Victorian history-" Black Thursday "-that a younghorsemanemerged from the Plenty ranges. shaping his course towards the lower, and settled portion of the upper Plenty. The heat even at that early hour became almost intolerable. The blazing sun which was partly enveloped in the clouds of smoke issuing from the bosh. fres, cast a terrible hue of purple over the scorched and dreary landscape. Not a living thing could be seen or heard; even the noisy parraketheldits shrill and discordant chirrup, and the kangaroo took refuge in the shady scrub, to doze away the awful oppression which weighed on the face of nature. The young brahman whom we are about to introduce to the reader, and who, ap. parently, had weathered many a scorching ray-judging by the tanned color of his skin -manifested some uneasiness at the unusual appearance of the heavens; for he constantly caset a searching glance at the burning sun, and also at the fires raging behind, which drove him out into the open country. His age might be about seventeen; his com. plexion was dark, probably by exposure to an Australian sun; for that portion of his skin which had been covered, or shaded, ap. peared white and delicate as a female's. His hair, eyebrow%, and the slight beard which covered his upper lip, were black. His eyes -which were slightly shaded-were dark, and most expressive. His mouth was well. shaped, with thin lips, showing great firm ness for his years; he had a straight, but short nose, and a nicely-rounded chin. His figure appeared rather slight round the waist ; but the shoulders were remarkably broad for his age, with long arms; in short, all his limbs were well knit, and his whole person set forth a perfect type of Australian rough-rider and thorough bushman, for it ap. peared manifest to an experienced eye that he was perfectly "at home " in his saddle. He rode one of tbose wiry and hardy horses which his district -Maneroo-has been so famedfor producing-horses whichwere un equaled for endurance and courage. The young bushman was clothed in cord, strapped pants; a red Crimean shirt; Na. poleon, or riding boots; a tweed jacket strapped before him on the saddle, with a cabbage-tree hat on his well- formed head. A large stook-whip hung in coils from the side of his saddle, while he rode slowly along with that ambling pace peculiar to stockmen while in search of cattle ; but even .at that slowpace,the young rider seemed anxious and puzzled at the quantity of perspiration which poured from the flanks of the hardy steed. . He occasionally laid his palm on each side to ascertain the cause, and also drew the drooping ears through his fingers another feature which gave him uneasiness concerning his trusty nag, lest it should "knock up" before he gained his destina tion; but he was too good a judge to believe that his morning's ride could cause such langour and exhaustion in the animal. The intense oppression and the alarming state of the weather became every moment more apparent. The hot winds blew in ter. rifio gusts, sweeping away in whirling clouds dried leaves and dust, while the sun became overcast with mountains of impenetrable smoke from the numerous bush- fires which continually sprang up in fresh parts, pro docing a gloom which threatened to extin. guish the light of day. The horse, which had before manifested such fatigue, gave a sudden bound thea al most unseated its experienced rider, who, on balancing and steadying himself again in the saddle, turned his head round to ascer. tain the cause of the unaccountable freak of bisnag. He saw to his horror the flames of the bush-fires speeding after him at afearful rate, and the burning leaves (one of which alighted on the horse's hind-quarter) shower ing around him like fire-flakes. There was no necessity to spur his horse onwards, for the animal instinctively comprehended the peril which threatened them, and flew away at a furious pace, bounding and snorting at every fresh spark which fell on its hide. The dangerous situation in which the rider found himself placed brought forth all his jodg. ment and experience in averting the raging element; but to his consternation he hehldl. fresh fires springing up all around him through the flaming leaves and grasses which were borne away. on the whirl-winds. The clouds of smoke and ashes in weilh he was envelooed prevented him from seeing any distance ahead: but at last some indirca. tions of habitations being in the vicinity I became evident, for he perceived some chil. dren flying across his path in great terror towards a farm-house a distance to one side. t At this moment he beheld a little girl of I about six years old, who had seemingly been left behind by her more speedy and older companions, running round in the same spot, l with her little hands covering her eyes, in order to shade them from the smoke and ashes, while she cried pitifully after the re- . treating fugitives. Seeing her perilous and t forlorn situation, the young horseman I checked his flying steed with a sudden t pull which almost brought it on its haunches; when he sprang upon the ground, caught the e child in his arms, vaulted into the saddle again, and rode off this time towards the I farm; but, unfortunately, he beheld to his disappointment, a strip of fire cutting him I ufi, which compelled him to hold on his I original :ourse in order to escape destruc- I tion. The child, who still held her eyes closed, I inastinctively buried her face in her pro. teetor's bosom, while her little arms wound round his waist. The young man at 1 the same time held her with one arm before him on the saddle, while he guided and man. aged thehorse with the other hand. They i rode this way for a short distance, when the I terrified and exhausted animal plunged into a long pond or water hole which stretched I across their course. The young rider with his borden quickly extricated himself from the saddle, and, after swimming a few strokes touched bottom, where he stood with the cold water up to his chest still holding the child in his arms. The horse, also, in.~lding such a cool elie. ment, stood still with the water up to his back, which protected him from the heat and fiery sparks. The child, who was first to speak alter I their sudden immersion exclaimed: "Where are we Mr. Whitford, is it the water. hole ?" , "Iam not Mr.- Whitford my pet; 'open youreye e adae,' repida tbhe young man, 'enoeuragingly. " I can't open them; they are full of salt," pleaded the child,~itionusly rubbing the bitter ashes from them. i- " " Wait, my dear, I willth i,tbfm. 0rt yon," added her preserver, bathing her pretty feee, and manifesting as much skill -in that benevolent operation as a nure. girl. SAlter getting clear of the ashes which im peded her vision, the child opened her large blue eyeb and stared wonderingly in the young man's face, which was close to her own; when her pretty lips began to tremble and purse up, ominous signs-as he under. stoop-of weeping, when he'encouraged her in the following words: "Don't cry, child; you know I saved you from the fire, which would burn you to death if I had not come tlie way." S"Oh', so you did. I remember now I the naughty boys left me behind when they saw the big fire coming; but see, there it comes again I" ' .This was but too true. The young man trned round his head, when to his utmost consternation he saw the devouring flames coming towards them again. Their situation became awful in the extreme, there was no escaping the threatened danger, and even if the water should save them from actual scorching, the suffocating heat and smoke would deprive them of air to breathe. The child cried and coughed, exclaiming convulsively: "I am choked, I can't breathe I" while she gasped, as if in her last agonies, for the stifling smoke and ashes, with the scorching heat, became every moment more alarm. ing. o"Keeplyour head down in my shadow, and your month near the water," suggested the young man setting the example, which saved both from, a terrible death, for generally a slight current of air floats over the water in these cases. As providence would ordain it also, or by a happy accident, . a bend in the creek directed the course of the fire a few yards from the bank near them thus making their situation more hopeful, and raising the young man's courage. The sweeping hurricane hurried the flames past them with fearful velocity, devouring on its destructive course everything before it, and leaving on that terrible day many a family homeless and shelterless,land bereft of all their worldly effects. The little girl, who manifested extrrordi. nary intelligence beyond her years, and who apparently understood perfectly the critical situation they were placed in, and the great obligations she stood in towards the stranger who saved her life at the peril of his own, on suspecting now the greatest danger to be over, and breathing, more freely, raised her head slowly, and, after cautiously looking on both sides, whispered " Is the big fire all gone?" "Yes my dear, Providence has saved us," replied the young man. "But if it were not for you poor Nina would be burnt," added-the child inno cently. * "That is true, Nina, but you must know that it was Providence sent me this way to save you." " And you were nearly lost yourself in saving me? I suppose you could gallop away from the fire if you hadn't taken mel" . "I might; but that would be cruel, Nina." " You are very good, and mamma will be very happy and thankful to you for saving her poor Nina. I heard your heart pray. ing, when my ear was to your breast a while ago." " Did you pray yonself, Nina ?" !' Yes; I do every morning and night, for mamma learnt me lots of prayers." " That's a good little girl; you always say them, and Providence will protect you the same as to-day." After the above conversation the young man, seeing all danger over, emerged with his wet burden from the watery element, and waded towards the bank which escaped the fire. where he set down the child. But her cramped limbs could not hold her up, so that she was obliged to sit down while her pre server led out of the water the sagacious animal which brought them to this place of safety. Mounting again, with the child in his lap, the horseman steered his way cautiously through the burnt ground towards the place where he knew the farm house stood, in order to deliver, his young charge safely. He had, however, to pick his track, and evade many smouldering objects which imperilled the hoofs of his nag, lest the poor animal should suffer more injury from the fires which had nearly proved fatal to them that morning. On riding along little Nina gained more courage, and chatcel away at a great rate, informing her deliverer that she was her mamma's only child,and that they were both staying at Mr. Whitford's house. That Mr. Calder had a farm on the other side of the -creek, and that Mr. Calder's boys took her .away that morning along with them to look for the cows, and, on seeing the bush-fire coming, theyran aw.y and left her. .On reaching the fs.rm, a frightful spectacle presented itself to tb.e young man. The com fortable and snug establishment which, an hour before, stood before him, had now a most deplorable and desolate aspect. Not a vestige of honse, stacks, barn, or fence was to be seen, and the only traces of the snug dwelling which remained were the two brick chimneys, and confused heaps ol smouldering debris, the remains of the im provements. Some men and children were walking and searching about the ruins, who,on seeing the stranger ride towarik them with the supposed perished Nina, flew to meet them with mani Iest joy. When the young man offered to deliver her up, to them, she strongly objected, exclaiming eagerly : "No, no you take me yourself to my mamma, that she may thank you for saving her Nina !" Mr. Whitford, who now approached the stranger, suggested, since the child was anxious to present the delivererto her mother, that her wishes ought to be granted, and told the young man, as he had no place himself to invite the stranger to, and that his family and Nina's mother had been compelled to seek safety in Mr. Calder's house (which es caped the conflagration) he should ride over to his neighbor's house. The young man con sented accordingly, and, on entering the house, a mournful scene presented itself to his eyes. Nina's mother, 'who, apparently, had been before in a delicate state of health, now, on supposing her fond and only child to have perished in the fire, fen into fits, which succeeded one another so closely that her life was almost despaired of. The little girl flew to her invalid mother's cot ch; wound her arms round her neck, besea?ling her to kiss her poor Nina. The voice of the child roused the mother at last, when the joyful intelli gence was communiiated to her which greatly reileved her suffernge; but it was evident' to those present that the shlock her deli cate frame had -received would prove fatal. The young stranger looked on in mournful contemplation; but on hearing the voice of the invalid, he gave a sudden start, which did not escape the kiild eye' of Mrs. Whit ford. The mother, a!ter the first effusion of affec tion towards her little thild, and on hearing that the brave and gaUant rescuer of her only daughter was present, turned round, ex tending her delicate hand to him, and feebly exclaiming : " My brave youth, may Providence reward you for preserviog ray hbild," but her weak sata moluld not permnit her to say more. The younig' striner took the feeble hand in his, and acknowled-ed her grateful remark in a few words. on baring which she gave an involuntary start, saying: " That voice I how very like I" the last of Sher words were so low that no one present oeuld make out their purport. n r ~-ounog stranger stood fol a while at lost in thought, looking abstractedly at the beautifal but frail image before him. The vital spark had almrdost deserted its frail.tene. ment through the terrible experiences of. that morning. The pale and hollow cheeks the moistened brow, and the deep, surc lot brilliant eyes, were sad proofs of'leer dissolution. It was now suggested that a person sho?uld start off at once for the nearest medical man, which, on hearing, the stranger proposed (as he himself was on his way to Melbourne) that he shotild accomplish that object, which kind act every one present thanked him for. On taking leave, little Nina ran towards'him holding up her pretty face to receivehispart ing kiss; when, with a sudden burst of un controllable affection he raised her in his arms and embraced her fondly, while she wound her little arms round his neck, whispering in his ear: " Will you pray for poor mamma?" "I will, my dear. God protect you my poor child II may see you again." C• HAPTER II. A BHORT FAMILY BKETCH. The reader has no doubt'alreadyrecognised our hero, Arthur Landon, in the person of the young bushman who arrived so oppor tunely, and so heroically rescued the little Nine from the jaws of the devouring element 'on "Black Thursday." Arthur Landon, though young and not very attractive in ap pearance, possessed may qualities which, in the bush of Australia, would entitle him to the claims of a hero. Brought up under the watchful eyes of fond and virtuous parents, and naturally brave and honorable in his disposition, possessing most accomplish ments necessary for a bold and thorough bhshman-these advantages, combined with a warm and affectionate heart, made him already a great favorite with all who knew him. His father, George Landon, being of re speotable parents in the mother country, took his passage out to Sydney when Arthur -who was tho eldest of the family-was bu two years old. His mother had been macrioe before to a young member of- family do the aristocracy, and an heir to an estate, but died suddenly after the birth of an only daughter, leaving his young widow-whom he married against the consent of his parehts -unprovided for. SHis relations took charge .of his infant daughter in order to bring her up in a manner becoming an heiress to an estate. The widow, thus unoared for by her late husband's relatives, at last consented to be. come George Landon's wife-he being a suitor of hers before her first marriage. This last act closed the hearts of her first hus bImad's friends against her, and deprived her of ever receiving any favors at their hands. George Landon, whose means were not sdequate to keep the style to which he and his wifewere accustomed in their former days, and before all their little capital should exhausted they resolved on emigrating toAuns. tralia in order to better their circumstances. There they could put up with many incon. veniences, and be free from the critical gaze of the fashionable world. George Lsndon had not calculated on the heavy expenses of outfit and passage money, and on arriving in Sydney he found his small capital at a far lower head than he anticipated. He, how. ever, possessed a manful heart and peroever ing mind, which made up for loss of capital. After remainga short time in Sydney, he had been advised to purchase a few head of cattle and horses, and to find some grazing country where they might increase in a short time. But after purchasing the stock he found out by experience that the grazing country was not altogether so easily dis covered as he expected, and, after shifting from one place to another, he at last found some rough country in the Maneroo district, at the foot of the Australian Alps. In this wild region he settled down with his stock for a short time, when he was joined by a decent and industrious Irishman named Haley, who had been lately married to a nice country girl of his own. Being within four miles of each other, and their runs joining, the two small squatters became agreat help and protection to one another. Thusne they lived for years on the best footing and in perfect harmony, while their families and stock increased. They had to go through a good deal of hardship, as may be expected, for the first years of their squatting, until their childre, grew up. But that succour came by degrees, especially to Landon, as Arthur soon became an active and useful lad in the bush among the stock. Baley was not so fortunate, for his eldest child was a daughter, and four years Arthur London's junior. Nevertheless Kathleen Haley soon became useful, and could ride as well through the wild ranges as any young stockman in Aus tralia, for she had an excellent tutor in Arthur who took great vains in her ePnwt. rian instructions. Arthur also gave Haley often a hand in mustering, branding, and looking after his stock, as well as his own father's; and as Kathleen-who was growing np very fast like all other native girls-rode with him on these occasions, a closeintimacy sprung up between them which at last de veloped into a more tender feeling, We have already given an imperfect sketch of Arthur'alooks and, although they were not calculated to make a "heavy impression" on a female's heart, nevertheless Kathleen Haley discoverd certain attractions in her young neighbor's bronzed visage and piercing black eyes. Although she kept these impressions sealed within her young and virgin bosom, she often acknowledged to herself that Arthur was the only "perfect " young men that she ever beheld. Nothing was done properly an less he had a hand in it. She would not ride a young colt unless he had the breaking otf it in. Her saddle, bridle, or any other little article belonging to her riding gear must pass through his hands; and even her habit and other dresses had to be left to his judgment before she could wear them. We must not therefore be surprised that with all the confidences placed in him by his fair neighbor, Arthur could not resist lov ing Kathleen. In addition to such strong claims on his affections,there were far greater charms connected with theyoung lady,which would prove fatal to a more experienced heart than our hero's, for Klathleen Haley was one of the most beautiful and lovely creatures that the world ever produced. To give even a vague idea of her looks is not in the power of my pen to describe; the reader, therefore, must form in his own mind a being possessed of all the beauty and innocence of our first mother before her fall. The golden tresses falling in their wanton and natural state around the swan- like neck and shoulders. The pure and healthy rose which mantled the blooming cheeks; the sparkling and betwitchingtwinkle of the dark blue eyes; the sweet and enchanting smile of the full and pouting lips, which rivalled the redness of a cherry; the well.set and exquisite ivory teeth; the well.rounded and child-like chin, and the broad, but not too high, marble brow, and, above all, the elastic and graceful form, whose unrivalled mould was ravishing to be hold, when its fair owner rode with such con. tidence and ease her spirited steed over all the obstacles which the wild and hilly coun. try presented. It may be a bold statement to make, bu it is nevertheless true, that it is questionable whether any other spot under the sun can produce such feminine lovliness, natural ipmpliaity, combined with aPrighluencl and vivacity; as the wil' btt o!. ustralia. The exuiting rad hdalthy exercise they in. -dulge in, riding spiritr;i horses over rough 'and dangerous country, brings forth all their. courage and nerve, and gives them that blooming appesrance of countenance and to their eyes that s 'rF.sng.and bril liant light. The Australi.i -e native girls :brought up under the.cir?.ui guardianship of virtuous and pious. pentse, .untrammelled by.the. formial and artifirill customs of town societies; their heart; end minds on icontaminsated and uccr,: sed by worldly soandal, or the educ:tiv; whispers of the unprincipled' libertine, inve in their own pure atmosphere of perfect innocence. Such characters may be rare, yet there are some, and'Kathleen was one of the number. She had enjoyed all those advantages which improve the virgin mind and instruct it in all those moral habits so conducive to a virtuous life, for, besides her own parents' unimpeachable example, the more ladylike and, refined manners of Mrs. Landon Arthur's mother-inspired ..the fertile. mind 'and quick percepti ,oet Kathleep?Haleywith high and lofty principles. rarely met with in the bush. After giving the above.sketch.of the fair Kathleen, we must not leave in the shade another beautiful flower in this wild forest. Eliza-or Lizzie she was more often called Arthur Landon's eldest sister, and a dear friend of Kathleen Haley's. Lizzie Landon, although of quite a different cast of beauty, was to some people's taste more lovely. Her hair, eyes and eyebrows were black like her brother Arthur's, but her skin was as white and pure as the driven snow, without any color in her countenance eave a slight delicate shade when riding or taking ex ercise. Her features and-figure'were fault less, and there was an irresistible expression of langonr ,in her liquid black eyes 'which gave a charm to her pale countenance, and filled the soul'of the beholder with admira tion. Lizzie's manner and temperament was more refined and meek,with less spright liness and vivacity than her fair neighbour and companion, Kathleen. She was also more timid in riding, and her whole oharaea teristics were more reserved and lady-like propably after her niother, whose polished manner she strictly imitated. She. seldom rode with ArthurkandnlKathleen over the ranges 'when ifter stock, except on special occasions, and for exercise or pleasure. We must not omit to mention here that these two lovely flowers did not. spring up without some necessary culture,' for their parents-particularly Mrs. Landon - not withstanding the presoare of household uanies, took every opportunity of teaching their children, so that they could read and write well. Arthur supplied them with books; when. ever he paid a visit to any village or town he invariably bought a supply, among which were some of the best and latest novels otthe day, and we must admit that "Scott," "Bulwer," and some celebrated lady writers had a sharein forming the young minds of these beautiful children of nature.. Thus they grew up in their innocence and loveliness, unconscious of their many charms and that their graceful forms were develop. ing and verging on womanhood, until Arthur returned from his trip to Melbourne. after "Black Thursday," when they had attained their thirteen years. We must now enlighten the readerl as to the reason or business which brought our hero to Melbourne; and which directed him towards the Upper Plenty~.a..ceferred to in the first chapter. Arthur had been several times before this entrusted with the sale of his father's and Haley's stock, both in Twofold'bay and Gippsland markets, where he disposed of them at satisfactory prices, considering the times. But this season, as these places did not offer any inducement regarding prices of stock, he accompanied a notable dealer named Jack Trenton-or Tantrum as he was often styled-and who will make a prominent figure in our tale. Arthur accord. ingly joined his mob with those of the eels. brated Tantrum, and, after a fatiguing and scorching journey through the "snowy mountains," Gippsland, and "Ferntree gullies," arrived at last in the great metro. polis of Victoria. Unfortunately, at that time, and before the golden era which was soon to follow, the markets were glutted, so that they were obliged to wait until a rise in stock should take place, and had therefore to send them to a paddock situated on the Plenty,' from which some of the .horses broke out and strayed to the ranges. Arthur had been in search of them on that memorable morning, when the hbehfires drove him out. The reader is already 'informed of the narrow escape he had on that occasion, and all we have got to say now is how he acted after leaving Mr. Whitford's-or rather Calder's residence. His garments were still wet, as may be supposed, after his long soaking in the pond, but this, instead of discommoding him, proved a great comfort on such a scorching day. His horse also benefited by the bath he took, and carried its well-ex perienced rider safely to Melbourne, from whence he sent a medical man in post haste to the poor invalid. It must be remembered here that our hero's thoughts dwelt upon many specula. tions while on the way to town. The strange impressions made upon his sensitive mind by the invalid mother and her little daughter occurred to him on every occasion; nor could he drive her beautiful and delicate looks from his eyes. But her. voice held a more powerful impression or his imagina tion, "How very like my mother's voicel" was an expression which often escaped his lips. "And that sweet little girl; how fond I got of her all at once," he would add, and the whole event appeared so strange and mysterious. A few days after this the strayed horses were found, and an improvement in the stock market had taken place. They accord. ingly disposed of the whole mob at a fair price. Our hero, although a very abstemious young man, enjoyed himself on his first trip to the city. • Every novelty presented in that grand plaea was observed and imprinted on his mind vividly. particuolarly the plays at the theatre. "Romeo and Juliet" had been enacted on one of these occasions, and our hero, who took great delight in reading Shakespeare's plays, for the first time beheld them acted. He consequently took immense delight in the same, and determined to store' up in his mind that and all other novelties he had seen, in order to repeat them to his sister Lizzy and playmate Kathleen. Not. withstanding the fine dresses and other artificial improvements in the persons and faces of the Melbourne ladies, he could not see any among them who could rival Kath. leen in beauty as he thought. But she was only a childas yet, in his imagination, whom he had known from infancy. Thus he argued to himself until his return home, CHAPTER ML: Before leaving home on his trip to Mel. bourne with the stock for market, Arthur Landon had been commissioned by his father and Haley to engage a tutor for the children of both families. This needful person he found in a young man whose age could not exceed twenty, and who had been one of ;alk TgAnruml' drirp?,H?w Jak Iell in with ,this' person was a mystery to Arthur, for he appeared far superior to either Jack, himself, or his other men, who were of the usual .rough type of Australian stockmen." The 'young fellow, whose namewas Frank Anotey, 'seemed to have seen better days.both -by ap pearance, conversation and manners. The other drivers took every opportunity of in sulting and keeping him under, calling him by several nicknames such as "Gentleman stockrider," "Swell stockman," and other epithets. Frank Anetey bore all these in suiting inuendoes with meekness, until they disposed of the stock. Then, on hearing Arthur-who became a great favorite of his mention about finding a teacher,he profferred his services. On finding out that Jack Tan trum had no binding agreement with Anstey, Arthur engaged him at once. But when Jack heard of the engagement he became greatly enraged. This conduct on the part of Tantrum surprised Arthur, as Jack's con. duct towardsAnstey bad always been tyranni. cal, and as evidencing carelessness about his services. Our hero consequently guessed there must be some mystery connected with the terms between the parties, as Jack held several private consultations with the young man, pressing on him, apparently, to renew his engagement with himself, But this Anstey refused stubbornly, when the former exclaimed with a terrible oath- seeing him determined: "Never mind my young buck, I shall be upsides with you one of these days." Anstey appeared a little alarmed at the threat. However, he seemed resolved on getting clear of the bold dealers's toils. Arthur questioned the young man several times as to his engagements with his former employer, and where Jack's station-the "Horseshoe" was situated-a mystery which no person in Maneroo could solve-neither of which questions would Anstey answer, which left Arthur otsil more surprised. We will now give the reader all the infor mation in our power regarding Jack Tan trum up to this time. He was one of those sharp bushmen who raise themselves from stockmen to dealers in' cattle and horses. Jack was first suspected of earning the greater part of his income by hiding or 'planting" stock in those wild and unfre. quented gullies among the Alps,. and when. ever rewards were offered for those "strayed" " lost" cattle, he was sure to bring them to "light," and, as a matter of course, claim the reward. Several suspected persons had been found out and convicted for these offences, but Tantrum was too "knowing," and "wide-a-wake" to be caught, besides being the most experienced rider and bush. man in the colonies. He was also suspected of " duffing" or changing brands, but even that charge was never proved against him. If he had done so, the knowing ones declared it must have been done so" neatly," that he could never be "balled out. There was one suspicious characteristic about his stock that they were all branded afresh with a horse. shoe, from under which some sharp- eyed people could discern obliterations of original brands. Notwithstanding all these deolara tions, Jack sailed as yet clear of the law, and carried on his profitable speculations without interruption. In looks and person he was a very smart and attractive young fellow, with all the ac complishments of a real bushman. His language included all the Australian bush. slang,but he was nevertheless, a witty and an aggreeable companion. His beat, or those parts in which he car ried on his trade, ranged.through Maneroo, Twofold:-Bay, Gippsland; Melbourne, and Adelaide, following down the Murray through .the Darling country. Sometimes he would take a trip to Queensland. and, occasionally, to Sydney, so that he had travelled all over the colonies in his time.. When asked where his "bit of a run" (as he termed it), the "Horseshoe," was situated, the answer was always : " Oh, it is only a bit of scrubby country among the mountains." It seemed evident, however-although no person knew of its whereabouts-that it could not be far distant from Landon and Haley's runs, for Jack and his drivers invariably passed' through these on his way to and from Melbourne and Gippsland. Another peculiarity about his affai's was that he always had thesame men, who seemed to have an interest or share in the transactions carried on by bim, and, by all appearance, they lived in perfect har mony and understanding with one another. Arthur Landon and they did not seem to pull together very well during their late trip, and the engaging of Anstey widened the breach between himself and Tantrum still more, which the former had no objection to, never liking the forward and suspicious dealer's mode of carrying on business. He, therefore, resolved to drive his own stock to market for the future. On arriving at home, the family greeted him with joy after so long an absence, and the small presents he brought from Mel bourne for each member were gratefully re. ceived. Next morning, according to custom, he rode over to Haley's with Kathleen's gift of books and other little articles, which were this time more valuable than usual, coming from the grand city of Melbourne, and, on arriving, he was surprised to hear that Jack Tantrum had been there the night previous, and only left a few minutes before. Thisnews puzzled him the more, as he understood be. fore he laft Melbourne, that the horse-dealer intended starting by the Sydney-road round the Murray, but now he must have followed himself and Anstey closely on their heels. Kathleen was in ecstacies on the receipt of her valuable presents, and also the arrival of the doner. Arthur proposed to take the customary ride through the run to see the stock,which had been neglected since he left, to which suggestion Kathleen agreeably con sented, and, accordingly," Kate Karney," her favorite steed was instantly saddled and bridled. It was a pretty eight to see the youthful pair setting out on this pleasant ride," Kate Karney" prancing and rearing with impa tience, while her beautiful rider gracefully moved with each bound, and gently curbed her mettled steed, while Arthur cracked his long whip as he cantered by her side to gather his cattle- his kangaroo dogs round them. Kathleen's silvery and merry laugh at the pleasant prospect of a long ride could be heard ringing on the morning breeze, while her cheeks glowed and her brilliant eyes sparkled, illuminating her lovely face. Arthur could not take his eyes off her, and wondered at his own stupidity that he never before now observed her many charms, which so completely eclipsed all the Melbourne beauties he had seen. Kathlesn detected him so often looking at her, and not inter preting the reason, her cheeks became more deeply colored, when she observed: "Why do you look at me so hard Arthur ? I suppose you see me so coarse and uglyafter the fine Melbourne ladies 1" " You are neither coarse nor ugly, Kath leen; but I cannot help seeing the great change in you since Ileft. You are really a grown up woman." " Well, well, Arthur I that is really rich Sa grown up woman ? How could I grow up a woman in two months since you left ? It is only an excuse of yours to [say that yeou don't like to tell me that I am vulegar. looking after the fashionable town ladies." "You are perfectly mistaken, Kathleen. You are far more natural, and n ooking in my eyes than the artificial, starched and laced up town ladies I saw." "Is not your Lizzy far nicerand gnteeler looking than I " " She is very pretty, I think; but a brother is no judge, she is not so tall or good-looking to my faney as you are, Kathleen." Now, nlow, Arthur, that ii too muchb, I 50 shall think yon e flattering like Jack Tan. trum taut night." "'I never flatter, Kathleen, I am telling my mind only.'.' " Yes, Isuppoaeso: How nicely I would look this moment if I were galloping through Mel bourne streets and cracking my whip. They would aoon'put me in the madhouse." This ridioulons idea and remark of the ively Kathleen made the pair laugh so heartily that the sound of their merriment rang throuch the golly and ranges around. Aftero while Arthur remarked with more anxiety than usual, " What was that you said about Jack Tantrum flattering yon ?" " So he was, the nasty fellow. I hate that man. What do you think of his impudence offering me a lot of presents he brought from Melbourne? The same as if I would takehis trash." "What did you say to him, Kathleen ?" "I told him that I did not want his pre. sent: and that you were bringin+ everything I waitted. But just fancy what he said? 'Oh I' says he, ' I can afford better thin Arthur Landon to give presents;" but I made him wild when I answered that they were more acceptable from yonu." "I am very glad you said so, and alsothat you refused his presente,forI do not think he is a proper person. I'll never again travel with him; something tells me that he is not honest in his dealings." 'I felt the same suspicion towards him, and, although he seems to be a pleasant person in company, I feel myself tremble every time he speaks to or looks at me. I cannot make out the reason, but somehow I feel afraid of his looks." " Well, Kathleen, he is a good looking fellow you must admit, far better looking and nicer than I am." "Not to my fancy, Arthur; other people might think so." Thus the pair chatted away while they walked their horses down a long valley to wards some waterholes where they intended to give their horses a drink and some'rest during the heat of the day. They now changed the subject of their conversation, and Arthur gave his eager listener a detail of all his adventures since he left. The incident of Black Thursday interested his fair companion very much; and above all, the novelties and plays he attenided and witnessed in Melbourne. - On arriving at the water holes they turned their horses loose, and sat down themselves uorder the shade of a cherry tree, when Arthur renewed the interesting subject of play acting, and rehearsed several parts and passages which his well stored memnr supplied him with. Both were so much taken up with the subject that Kathleen begged Arthur to act a small part in order to give her an idea how it was performed. Arthur, eager to comply with her request, proposed to introduce a small part of his favorite play, " Romeo and Juliet," and, as he rememberd several passages in that piece, be of course acted Romeo while Kathleen decked her hair withwild flowers to represent the Juliet, and we question whether the original character could surpass the beauti fnl bush girl in loveliness or looks. The part which Arthur undertook was that portion of Act 1 in scene fifth, when Romeo and Juliet first met in her father's house. Arthur succeeded well with his rehearsal, putting Kathleen through her part also, until he came to those words: Romeo. - "Then move not; while my prayers' effect I take, T-hus from my lips, by thine, my sin is .purged." [Kissing her.l Arthur in the excitement of thi' 'moment considering it his bounden duty to go through the performance, kissed Kathleen's lips before she had time to consider the act, and when they felt the warm pressure, both blushed with confusion, which, as may be supposed, brought the play to a sudden termination, as this was the first time that their had lips met. Kathleen was the first to speak alter this awkward interruption, saying: "Oh why did you do that? I had no idea that was a part of it." "I forgot myself at the moment with the excitement and imitating the actors in Mel bourne," replied Arthur with some con fusion. " Suely the women on the stage would not act that part before the public ?" " Of course they do, because it is part of the play, Kathleen." At this moment the dogs began to bark, which interrupted the would-be actors, and, on their looking in the direction which the dogs took, they beheld to their mortification Jack Trantrum riding slowly on the opposite side of the waterhole, being, no doubt, a spectator of their ridiculous performance in the wild forest. " Oh my gracious what a shame 1" burst from poor Kathleen, nearly dropping with confuseion. "Bother, it is rather awkward. That fellow will be everywhere where not wanted," added Arthur, quite annoyed at his own im propriety. " He'll tellit all over the countryl I wish I had not left home," exclaimed Kathleen in great trouble. "I'll never ask you to ride with me again Kathleen if you are so very much annoyed at my kissing you. We are not the first that have done so," remarked Arthur, with some disappointment and bitterness in his voice; for something like jealousy 'eized him at that moment, seeing Kathleen so much vexed at Trantum catching her in the act. Poor Kathleen hung down her head, and her eyes could not meet those of her companion for the first time in her life. Arthur, seeing her confusion, his noble heart melted at once, and he softly added: "You are not angry, Kathleen, at my kiss ing you?" "No, Arthur, it was only for that fellow seeing us. He may think we are always going on so." "Never mind, Kathleen, we'll never give him the chance again. We will start for home at once." With that Arthur caught the horses, helped Kaithleen in the saddle, and, while placing her habit properly round her, he beheld her cheeks still mounted with crimson, while her looks evaded his gaze. He wondered that she still felt annoyed at him, as he thought, nor could she reply to his conversation with. out a tremor in her voice, so that very little talk passed between them oL their homeward ride. On arriving at her father's house, and when helping her out of the saddle he felt her tremble in his arms, and lean heavier than eusual upon him, while a sigh escaped her, not as in former days when she invari ably sprang to the ground without his as sistance. In placing her on the ground this day he whispered in her ears lest any of the family should overhear them, and think ing she was still annoyed at his mistake. "Tell me, Kathleen, are you still angry with me 7" "No, no, Arthur l but I feel so strange now when you touch me," she replied, in a low key. Poor innocent children! little did they imagine the effects of that first and nnpre. mediated kiss. It was on his way home to his father's hoouse, that Arthur be. came aware of the snodden transformation in his feeling towards Kathleen. Her unrivalled beauty became more apparent as he dwelt upon her image. That soft and musical whisper she spoke in his ear when inhis arms was sweeter than all the mausi he ever heard. The delightful thrill which the pressure of her ponting her lips sent through his heart still vibrated in his veins, The joyful girl of the morning c?hg?g iq ope ginitn into a logion a o beautiful woman. Butwhat were Kathleen's feelings during this time i Her mother won: dered at the daughter's apparent lethargy and quietness. Kathleen, without changing her habit as usual, eat in her room with the door closed. Her eyes gazed forth into vacancy,and a stifled sigh would escape her now and then. What strange sensations passed through her heart since that moment when Arthur's lips souchedher's? Was there witchcraft in the kiss which caused such unaccountable feelings ; or was it a mesmeric influence that was in Arthur's touch? She had read, and heard Arthur describe that morning, the extraor dinary powers'of the professor of electriobi ology whom he saw performing in Melbourne. Could Arthur have that gilt which made her so passive in his arms, when he assisted her off the horse, and, above all, that kiss which she still felt on her lips ? She could not comprehend the reason that made her now so shy to look into his face. Thus she coinmuaned - with her own thoughts, when her mother called from the next room: • "Kathleen, my honey, are you ill? What. is the matter? I hope you had no fall?" "Oh not all, my dear mother; I only feel a little tired," replied Kathleen, evasively, with a slight tremor in her soft voice. "I'm sure there is something the matler with you, my child, I know by your voice You should not ride out these hot days, for fear of getting a sunstroke," added the anxious parent; but her daughter made some excuse which quietened her mother's apprehensions. If that lady but knew that the real cause of her daughter's ailment was. Arthur's kiss she would have indulged in a hearty laugh; for many a time she hadbeen treated in the same manner herself in her native land by the "boys " when a girl, and never thought of it the next moment. It was the custom there, but not so in the bush of Australia. Kathleen had never been treated with such familiarity before, and the effect of it caused a strange revolution in her feel ings, which no one but those who have ex. perienced sensations produced by a virgin embrace could understand. Instead of being annoyed at it as poor Arthur had imagined by Kathleen's singular conduct and quietness, the more she thought on the action, the more sacred and delight. ful it seemed to her mind. She could still feel the sweet touch on her lips and tingling through her nerves, and came to the resolu. tion not to taste food or drink for sometime lest the charming sensation should be obh. literated from her lips. These innocent ideas may seem ridiculous andchildish to the worldly fair, ignorant oe he veneration held by the innocent child of nature towards the first kiss of love. (To be conlistitcsd.) 