?THE BUSñFIRB-AT'BROAD ' MARSH. I " [FROM A COBRESPONDSNr.] A terrible bush fire has boen raging at Broad Marsh for the last week, and winch I has proved s most serious calamity to some of the inhabitants. Two homestoads have been completely burnt and several otheis greatly injured. On Monday, 10th inst, the fire became more fierce than before or since, and proved disastrous to some of the inhabitants of the Hamiltou-Tici, and the homes of Messrs. Bannister and Stephenson .were utterly but at to the ground. lu the house of Mr. Bannister there was burnt half uton of flour and a number of .sovereigns, supposed to be about 20. Mrs. Bannister, who was couOued to her bed in a sick stato when the fire was approaching, was luckily removed by some one who was working at the file, and put iu a field of green corn for safety, and all that was saved in or about the place was simply what Mrs. Bannister was narrieá out on. Silo is now iu a very critical state. The house of Mr. Stephenson was burnt to, the ground, the only thing left being the chimney. Stables, barns, and huts have, 7also been burnt iu the neighbourhood of' the ' .Tier, and' fences of every description, boundary as well as cross fences have been destroyed. The fire has appeared on^or about the top of the Hamilton-Tier, and has oxtonded at intervals to tho lime kiln'farm on the Dromedary, a distance of about 12' miles. The falling of trees, exploding of rocks, and roaring of the fire could easily be heard at a distance of six or seven miles. . The origin of the many fires is not known. It! cannot be traced that any ouo started them, and nobody knows how they arose, but the hope is that people will be more 'cautious for the future in lighting fires out of doors in such dry weather as now pre- vails. The cattle, sheep, and pigs have had to:bear a'terrible scorching, and many have been burnt to death. It has not yet been ascertained whether any of the properties were insured or not, but it is to bo hoped that the poor people will not have to bear all the loss arising fruin the fire. To day, 13th inst., the fire has broken out again, and is raging round the property of Mr. W. Hawse, who is very much afraid ( his wheat will fall to tho fury of the flames. A heavy shower of rain would just now be an inestimable blessiug. January 13. I - 