piw in 6he Berrigan District (N-SW). (Hon OUR TARRAWONOA OORRSspoiminttfp . fin that hMS teen ,?? ot be "o'ony m the Berrigaa 'tt Padock, neat, 'on the 6th im.. wi I!. c&r;«iLw.ay8' fire Oli8oated through the -ho. aft»Bghtilghta match int<> toe long Wrf blow ioato thf the fin rapid), swept aoroaa K-PCpo'tieB of MeaarB, W, lie, Graham, KOgfm of the fire «» »be Corowa road 7\. ®8r8> A' Mgliesh and Wiilona, they riSa The0180118 ,011 the wad at top had to m&lrA; 80 arge that everyone t.heir own homes, and with bnunon nm m? manT cases were the toved. The roof of Mr. Ouade's fitt 0eerai times, and out for bauds aud a good supply ' ofWater, nothing could have saved the home- Stead from total .taction. The loss S SKlftrS .r?.p ott the Dortb Bide of Uorowa road is as fallow:— Mr. Quade, 200 S2ef gr?Su? and ab.oat on« mile and a half of lencmg ; hi8 growing crop escaped the fire having burnt all round it Mr. Pyles lost 400 acres -of grass, and some eight miles of fenmng. S. M Donald lost 640 acres of grass, five mnes of fence, thirteen acres of a fine Wheat crip; the fence being all burnt rouud uiSjCiop, It has to be watched .day and night to keep off the number of horses, cavtle, and eneep that are, roaming at will over the large , tract of burnt country, owing to fences having been destroyed. The Berrigan lanes, which were so famous for their number of gates, nave had their fences destroyed on both ou can now drive along for miles without having to get down to open a gate. -W. Cruickahank lost 640 , acres of grass, about eight miles of fencing, and 15 acres of growing wheat. Mr. Graham lost 64p actes of grass, three miles of fencing, and 13, acres of wheat. Had the fire occurred a week later nothing could have saved all the wheat, crops around here ; In many cases the hay is still lying, in the field, !as the selectoraJiave -to attend the fire and start to re-fence their crops, some of which are bo ripe as to be almost ready to shed. About 4 o'clock in the afternoon the fire crossed into toe property of Mrs. M'Lellan, arid in a few minutes quite destroyed all the grasB and 10 acres of crop. Had it not been for a wise precaution— that of cutting hay round the whole mop some' five chains ih—it must have all been burnt, as it was dead ripe. Tbe fire, sweeping on before a strong north wind, was carried through the; holdings of Messrs; Carter, Dalglieeh, Robertson, and Aivken. Their losses were comparatively small — mostly grass. In fencing, Mr. Dalglieah was the greatest loser— about, one mile and a half wire-fencing damaged, which wili cast about £30 to repair. Mr. Dalgteiah had 640 acres of grasB destroyed. Mr. Robertson, of Rosedale, had about 1,000 acres Of grass burnt. Mr. Aitken, 640 acres, . About midnight the fire reached a green strip on Barooga boundary, and with the aid of a number of hands from that station, also from Boomanoomanaaud Nangniaa, its progress to toe soath. waa checked. It had then burnt to file Jerilderip and Mnlwala road, and was also stopped there, Oatbe following day it grossed Jerilderie road through a high wind coming up frbm the waat, a spark being blown trom a burning tree into grass on the east side of the road. The flames flew with great rapidity through Mr. R. M'Donald's property, burning all his grass, twenty miles of fencing, and thirteen acres growing crop, andC'$tack containing fifteen tons of hay. Mr. M'Dbaald estimates bis loss at about £1,200, not iiioladiog grass. The fire then spread to Mr. D. M'Mahon's, burning all hia grass, but no fencing. It then crossed on to the land of Mr- Greggery, he being next heaviest loser to Mr- M'Donald. His loss in grass is about 3,000 acres, fourteen miles fencing, valued at about £1,000. The fire burnt all round bis crop, which luckily escaped. It then spread on Momalong run, where it burnt some 10,000 acres. Its progress was eventually stayed by Berrigan Creek- Nangnina station lost some 2,500 acres of grass. Messrs. Mitchell and Fiynn escaped most wonderfully. At Mr. Mitchell's the fire burnt within some few feet of bis stack, and it was only by greatest efforts of himself and Mr. C. Stynes that they were saved. Daring the two days tbe fire was raging toe thermometer stood at 110 deg. in the shade. Too much praise cannot be given to toe members of the Tuppal Bush- fire Brigade for their promptness in attending a fire so tor out of their district, and they were instru mental through the aole directions of tbeir captains, Messrs. J. Dalglieah, J. Liefcon, and G. SimmonB in saving many of the crops from destruction. The total amount of grass lost is about 40,000 acres. The value of fences and crops destroyed is estimated at about £5000. 