OUR OWN DISTRICT. Last Tuesday Adelaide licensed victuallers held their annual picnic at Oakbank. A splendid new Australian atlas has been obtained for the Mount Barber Institute. Mr. T. H. Stephenson, J.P., is appointed to Mount Barker school board of advice. Mr. H. E. Gibbs left Mount Barker for Quorn on Monday. The ordinary meeting of the committee of the Mount Barker Institute takes place to-night. Mr. George Bell goes from Bordertown post-office to Gienelg. A splendid crop of grapes at Kanmantoo vineyards this season. Messrs. Johann Gottlieb Preiss and August Jeschke are proclaimed extra Councillors for Mannum. Messrs. Christopher Bolt, Duncan O'Dea, and Julius Zadow are extra Councillors for Caurnamont. Mr. C. L. Matthews is Clerk of Mount Gambier Licensing Bench while Mr. John Jacob is absent on leave. A younger sister of Dr. Bickle died at Malvern (England); in January after a very short illness from pneumonia. A deposit of silver has been found on the property of Mr. Myles Kavanagh, Mount Barker Springs. The Ridge struck what they believe to be the lode at 42 ft, last week. Gold is seen in the stone. Hahndorf silver mine improves in depth, and quarter shares now bring as much as was paid for whole ones originally. Mr. Pflaum is making very extensive addi- tions to his Blumberg flourmill and is intro- ducing patent-roller machinery. A large bushfire raged near Balhannah last week. About 500 cords of wood were burnt on Vernon Park. In a cricket match with Stirling last week Hahndorf scored 147 to 58 made by its oppo- nents. Griffiths made 39 and Sonnemann took 5 wickets for 15 runs. Mr. Thomas Hope Murray intended to offer a special prize of £5 for merino rams at Mount Barker Show but was too late. He will give it next year. Dr. H. Dixon has five blocks of five acres each at Mannahill. He has 2000 tons ready for the battery and enough in sight to keep it going three years. Messrs. J. L. Stirling, E. Bowman, Allan Baker, and T. Barr Smith, of the Adelaide polo club, meet a Mount Crawford team at Gawler on March 3. The Primitive Methodist appointments for this year are :— Moonta, Mr. Weatherill; Mount Barker, Messrs. Daddow and Tear (sup) ; Kanmantoo, Mr. Stephenson. On Thursday, April 19th, about 4389 acres of land in the Hundred of Nangkita—near Currency Creek—will be offered on lease at the Crown Lands office. A meeting of the creditors of Mr. H. S. Steer, B.A., was held in Mount Gambier last week, the Revd. H. Williams occupying the chair. Nothing done. Mount Torrens Goldmining Company are going down with their pump-shaft which is now over 30 ft deep. Machinery is being rapidly erected. The Eureka (Woodside) lhas a reef 4 ft. wide which assays 1 oz. of gold and 6 ozs. of silver to the ton. A parcel of 25 tons is being sent to Dry Creek. The delegates to Moonta Primitive Metho- dist meeting are :— Mount Barker, Rev. T. Weatherill, Messrs. Hender and Minard ; Kanmantoo, Rev. W. R. Stephenson, Messrs. H. E. Hair and G. Watson. A concert and dramatic entertainment in aid of the Agricultural Society will be given in Mount Barker Institute next Thursday (Show night). "Ici on parle Francais," reciting, and singing. The Payne family—of whose performances all criticising papers speak in the highest terms—will appear in Mount Barker Institute on Monday evening. An excellent programme of instrumental and vocal music. Last week applications to transfer credit agreements were lodged as follows :—Finniss —F. Brelag to R. Albrecht ; Mobilong— F. Kowald to F. Kowald, junr. ; Ellen Rollison lo Joseph Hagarty ; R. Rollison to A. J. Scadden ; W. Rollison to Joseph Hagarty ; Forster— R. Bolt to A. R. Bolt. 