QUEENSLAND. BHISB&NE;, Thursday. The first sod of the Bowen railway was turned to-day with considerable ceremony. Great local enthusiasm was manifested. An inquiry commenced at Normanton today into the circumstances attending the death of Robert Qraham, whoBe body was recently found on Rockley Island. Qraham was in the employ of a Melbourne firm, and was presumably left in charge of the island. The evidence was conflicting. One witness affirmed that Qraham had been left with nothmg to •eat bat stinking meat, a small quantity of weavil rice and flour, and one tin of butter, 'while another witness states that there was aplenty of food left on the island, but he adnnitted that the beef was bad. At the time of the finding of the body there was nothing on :the island but bad flour and rotten meat, and 'the deceased appeared to have been eating the latter. BRISBANE, Friday. The steamer Duke of Sutherland, which arrived from London this morning, landed at •Cairns 39 indented navvies for Messrs. Robb and Co., the contractors for the Cairns and Herberton railway. This is the first batch of '•navvies so imported. BRISBANE, Sunday, The railway to Caboolture, which forms the {first section of the Brisbane to Qympie line, 'was formally opened yesterday by the Premier, who stated that it was the intention ot the <Government to push on the line to Qympie as (fast as possible. BRISBANE, Monday. A. valuable discovery of coal is reported within 40 miles from Cooktown and five miles from the railway line. Mr. Webb, the discoverer, has brought in splendid samples for shipment to Sydney and Melbourne to be tested. He says that one man got oat at least a ton per day. The weather at Toowoomba and other parts of the Darling. Djwns is very dry. The drought is severely felt in many places, and all hope of the wheat crops has gone. BRISBANE, Tuesday. A crashing from the Anglo-Saxon claim at Maytown yielded 4300oz. of smelted gold The grindings will give lOOOoz. more. There is plenty more rich stone ready. Last night, about 12 miles from Stanthorpe, a lad named John Mann was shot dead by his brother George, aged about 12 years. The boys were getting their guns ready for an opossum shooting excursion when the accident occurred. A Townsville telegram reports that the country is very much dried up, and that bushfires are raging in all directions around the town. 