NEWP.00KS AND MAGAZINES The Boy1 s Own Paper (The Leisure Hour Office, 50, Paternoster Row), for January gives us the close of Ludy Broome's tale of colonial life 'Harry Treveston.' It is a simple narration of the varied experiences of a youth thrown upon his own resources in Western Australia, beginning with a tramp of some thirty miles inland, des cribing a bush-fire, the hero's disappoint ments in his quest for employment, his life en a cattle run, his getting lost in the bush, the effects of the rain on the country, a kangaroo. hunt and an attack of fever. Finally of course Harry Trevestoa finds a wife— in prospect— and a fortune. There is no plot properly so called, but the tale abounds with incident. The descriptions both of country and manners are very graphic and render this sketch alike in tereting and instructive to the youth for whom it is intended. The present volume of this magazine commences with the November number. It contains ' Edric the Norseman,' a serial tale of adventure and discovery, numerous short stories, articles on various subjects of interests, such as bowls, cycling, Taxidesmy, dogs, wolfhunt ing, how to make model steam- engines, microscopes, &c;, besides numerous puzzles, answers to correspondents and doings for the month. Altogether, it is a very readable work and deserves its popularity. The Girl's Omi Paper, from the same office, for the current month provides a varied gase for its young readers. It has the continuation of two serial stories, ' Re stitutitn' and 'One little Vein of Dross,' two shorter tales and a number of geo graphical and other sketches. In addition there are several articles on subjects quw ad feminam pertinent, such as 'fashionable bags,' 'Dress in Season and in Reason,' sketches of notable women, hints on marketing, diet, cooking and nursing, with snatches of poetry, and some good illustra tions. The coloured frontispiece ' Alice ' from a crayon drawing by Maria Stanley is excellent. The tone of the magazine is thorougly pure and affords healthy and pleasant reading. , The 'Leisure Hour' commences the new year with an improved issue at the same price as heretofore. A new story ' Great Grandmother Severn' from the pen of Mr. Leslie Keith is commenced and we are promised 'My Best Shipmate,' by George CunDles and 'The Prinwss SnrnV lw Winter; also a series of short tales by Mrs. Macquoid, Esme Stuart and other known authors. Amongst the various papers an nounced for the corcing year are 'The Queen's Homes' by E. A. Pascoe, of which the opening one is very interesting; 'The Story of the shires,' by Canon Creighton, ' Industrial Sketches' by W. J. Gordon ; ' Health Papers' by Dr. Schofield ; ' Some Famous Regiments,' by Surgeon-Major Alcock ; ' The Horse and its History,' by the Rev. J. G. Wood, 'Natural History Notes,' 'Lioerary Kickshaws,' Notes on Current Science and othur poems. The illustrations of the present number are well up to the mark and the frontispiece, ' A Daughter of the East,' by G. L. Seymour, is a real work of art in' sepia tints ; it is remarkable alike for its softness of shading and its delicacy. On the whole the present instalment gives good promise. The article 'On the Choice of Occupations in Life' contains much useful advice. The pith of it is in the author's own words : ' The true course is to start from great principles of duty toward God and one neighbour, of justice to one's own soul and usefulness to the community.' We heartily commend this to parents, Though this, as also the two magazines above mentioned, is pub lished by the Religious Tract Society, we are pleased to note the absence of that obtruse goody-goodiuess which too often renders works of this elass odious. Its tone is thoroughly good. Digging, Squatting and Pioneering Life in the Northern Territory of South Austra lia, by Mrs. Dominie D. Daly (Crown 8vo) : London, Sampson Low, Marston, Searle & Rivington. An important addition to the history of Australia is made by Mrs. Dominie D. Daly in her book on ' Digging, Squatting and Pioneering Life in the Northern Territory. After an introductory chapter on the early history of North Australian colonization, she gives an account of her voyage to and residence for three years in the Territory of which her father was appointed Government Resident in 1870. This occupies a good half of the volume ; the lemainder contain ing a review of the history and progress of the settlement brought ap to so recent a date as last Easter. The authoress aeknow ledges her indebtedness to the Agent General of ,the colony, the proprietors of the Argus and South Australian Register offices in London in giving her access to official and other information. The narra tive of her own personal experience is by no means the least interesting portion of the work. Pioneering work evidently meant ' roughing it,' and Mrs. Daly writes as having as thorough acquaintance with the hardships of that life. Her style is bright and pleasing, her descriptions of scenery and adventures are graphic and, in spite of many chatty diversions, the main point is not lost sight of. Her narrations of fatal accidents to some of the first settlers and especially of the death of a digger during the gold rush of 1873 are very pathetic. She ,was on the spot for twelve months while the construction of the overland Telegraph was going on, and testifies strongly to the troubles and dangers en countered by the constructing party. Among them she enumerates the clearing of the track, the setting in of the rains and consequent impractibility of the ground, dangers from natives, damages by white ants, suffering from fevers and agues which attacked the men, besides scarcity of pro visions and mortality among the horses. The rush to the gold mines in 1872 and life there, as also the retnrn of many of the disappointed miners in the Springbok are graphically described. The authoress states as the result of her experience that with all their faults, the miners are always loyal to their mates and courteous to women. In returning to Adelaide, Mrs. Daly and her husband visited Perth for a few hours, and the following description may be of interest to your readers : The road followed tbe banks of the Swan, and v;e enjoyed the pretty drive immensely. The town lies at the hf-ad of the river which terminates in a lake ; thin in the can] nf Hie evening lonkpfl an ),]nc and tranquil :13 an Italian lago. Portli is prettily sit na led with siusli a good foreground iind we ;idmin'd qtlr first view of it, nestling amongst old trees which looked wonderfully green and fresh for Novertiberj one of the hottest mouths of the year. The air was dry and very light. Otic of our party said it reuiinded him of' tile atmosphere of the Cape ; indeed, the likeness between Africa and this part of Australia is very striking from all I can learn. . . . The impression — and of coitrse so fleeting a visit fan only remain upon one's mind as an impression — that Perth has left upon my memory is one of greater age and greater peace than T rememher in any of the colonies. ft, had retained a certain English f-haracler ahnnl it, and Perth certainly ??an lay claim to being one of the most prettily situated of Australian towns. The concluding portion of this interest ing work consists of a sketch of the vicissi tudes through which the Territory has passed to the present based upon document ary evidence and the authoress here pro ceeds to state the conclusions arrived at by her upon the labour question, the prospects of future prosperity and other important matters in a well-reasoned and throughly clear manner'. She giveB striking accouutu of the rush in 1886 to the Kimberley diggings. ' The Territory now became the high road to Kimberley. Whole caravan's started from Queensland, making the journey across country; trade received an impetus from the neighbourhood of the new field ; fat cattle were sent from Victoria, and good prices were obtained for the beasts. But the trials, troubles and disappointments were just as great as those encountered by the pioneer prospectors in the territory itself.' In another place Mrs. Daly writes : ' All along the track the remains and relics of white men were found. Here a scrap of clothiDg; perhaps a portion of a flannel shirt, there a strap with the owner's name; pack-saddles torn and plundered, empty meat tins, and initials cut on trees where the poor gold seekers had camped for a night or so ; an old hat and the bowl of a pipe were the only traces left of men whoso fate will always remain a mystery. Lives sacrificed upon the altar of Mammon, only units in the thousands who have fallen in the wilds of Australia, victims to the fever and unrest caused by the search for gald.*' The writer adds precis of reports of visits made to the Territory by Father Julian Woods -Bnd 'Overlander' of the Argus start which give piquancy to her own writ ing. In the concluding chapter, premising that ' for the future of this country there can be nothing to dread,' she recapitulates her views on matters affecting its welfare and hopes that what she has written ' may serve to bring a country which deserves greater notoriety than it has already gain ed into more prominent notice ; also to point out to the original land order holders in the Northern Territory that they have a possession in that far off land more valu able at the present moment than in their wildest dreams they ever could have im agined.' The book is elegantly got up with a tasteful exterior, good clear type and a valual le index. It is very readable and contains much matter for reflection. We hope that, as a means of drawing attention to the importance of our North ern districts, it may have a large circula tion. The Irish in Australia, by James Francis Hogan, 8vo., London, Ward & Downey. Mr. Hogan, late of the Argus staff in Mel bourne and now of the London office of that paper, gives us a most interesting sketch of the action of the Celtic race in the formation of the great Australian colonies. In politics, literature and art and especially in the higher walk of missionary enterprise tbe Irish have made their mark. The author vividly portrays the oppression which as Catholics and Irish many of the first settlers (branded with the stigma of convictism on account of their fidelity to their religious or political faith) suffered at the hands of tyrannical officials, and how many of these rose to be esteemed by the very men who had thus branded them. The story of the ex pedition of B urke and Wills is told in graphic words : the incidents of the Eureka stock ade in November and December, 1854, the ' Buckley will case,' Mrs Chisholin's work, the voyage of the ' Erin-go-bragh ' are also told ; the share which Irishmen had in the formation of Victoria, Queensland, New Sauth Wales, South Australia and Western Australia is also related in eloquent lan guage. The author's sketch of the progress made by the Catholic Church in the Colonies is also remarkably vivid and the hardships suffered by the faithful of Sydney after the scandalous expulsion of tbe Very Rev. Father O'Flinn in 1817 are narrated with much pathos. He speaks in fitting terms of the labours and sufferings of Fathers Dixon, O'Neil and Harold, the arrival of Fathers Therry and Conolly, of Archdeacon McEncroe, Dr. Ullathorne, Sir R. Bourke and his Catholic sympathisers, the elevation of Dr. Bede Polding to the episcopal and subsequently archiepiscopal See of Sydney, of the call and consecration of Dr. Goold to that of Melbourne and of the works of their sueessors in those provinces. Our readers will, however, be specially in terested to find that the work of the gospel in West Australia is not forgotten. He specially relates the intrepidity displayed by the present Bishop of Perth on a memorable occasion which he says won for Father Gibney 'universal admiration and the news of his elevation to the mitre was received with cordial approval by the press and the public of all the colonies.' The founding of the Order of the Sisters of St. Joseph by the Rev. Julian E. Tenison Woods (to whose scientific enterprise the author pays a grateful tribute) is not for gotten, nor the works of Irish priests in New Zealand. Among statesmen Mr. Hogan bears good witness to the labours of Sir John O'Shanessy, Sir Charles Gowan Duffy (the ' Father of Australian Federation '), Wil liam Charles Wentwcrth ('the Australian Patriot '), and others of their compatriots. In a chapter on ' Notable Irish Austral ians' he brings before us lively sketches of the Right Hon. W. Bede Dalley, Sir Red mond Barry, a long string of IrishAus tralian viceroys and other celebrities. In the concluding chapter on ' Irish-Catholic Characteristics,' the author enumerates their remarkable loyalty to the land of their adoption, while they never forget the filial duty they owe to the land of their fathers and its traditions ; their power of self-adaptation to the municipal and parlia mentary institutions of their new homes, the general amity of their relations with their fellow citizens. In the course of a brief sketch of Western Australia, after an allusion to the railways and other public works now in progress and the wonderful natural resources of the country, Mr. Hogan remarks : ' It she can only induce a full tide of immigrants to follow to her shores, Western Australia will, before long, rank amongst the richest provinces to the north of the Equator.' To say that this book is— racily— written would be too obvious a jew de mots ; but we may say that the style always rises to the dignity of the subject, whether in the staid narration of historical facts, the pathetic relation of some of the more sorrowful incidents which are brought under notice, or in the recital of tbe jocular anecdotes and illustrations which from time to time brighten these pages. We think, however, that exception may be taken tD the manner in which the author falls foul of Mr. Anthony Trollope. He quotes from ' Australia and New Zea land by that writer as lollows : — Iu Mel bourne there is an Irish quarter and there is a Chinese quarter, as to both of which I was told (the italics are ours) that the visitor who visited them might see much of the worse side of life.' Whether this is true or not is not our point to discuss, but certainly it is rather unnecessary to charge Mr. Trollope in this particular instance with 'lying and unblushing effrontery.' With this sole exception we have nothing but praise for a book which will be read by every English-speaking catholic who is interested in the advancement of his church, every Irishmen proud of the name and by all who have at heart the welfare and pros perity of that infant Hercules among n itions — Australasia. Mr. Gladstone in acknowledging a copy of this work speaks of it as one ' which promises to be of great interest and with I which I shall be anxious to acquaint, myself thoroughly at the earliest moment.' The Earl of Aberdeen on the sairic sulij'ect says: 'The subject of your book is not only highly interesting in itself, but it has obviously an important bearing on the great Trisli question anil, from the mere glanoe I have an yet been able to take over your pa^es. I am under the impression that the work will form an excellent contribution to the literature of the subject in a depart ment which has not, perhaps, hitherto ueen largely brought into prominence in this country.' January I'd. 