| By Telegraph.! (FROM OUR COUllESI'ONDENTS.J ALBURY. Nov. 22. The ( following are the stock movements : 700 store bullocks, from Queensland to Melbourne, M'Kay; 100 fat bullocks, from Borambula to Melbourne, Jennings ; 7000 wethers, from Molong to Albury, Learinont and Gillespie ; 6GU0 ewes, from Bruckaginga to Tarcutta, E. and A. Westby; 1000 ewes and 800 lambs, from Albury market toGundagai, R. Bridges; 1144 mixed sheep, from Albury market to Brunsril, Victoria. C. Cottrell. Monday. The following are the stock movements: 8000 mixed hojrgets, from Ivanhoe to Albury, W. Martin owner; 50 rams, froom Yarrawonga to Young, M-Kinnon and Co. ; 410 bullocks aud 1 cow, from Albury to Cowra, R. Floyd ; 500 rams, from Mulwala to Arramagong, A. Aston, owner. Bush fires arc reported from various parts of the district, and in some parts much damage was done to the fencing as well as the grass. A fire started on Saturday some miles down the river. It has since been extending towards Albury. Much gross has been destro3-ed on the holdings of various farmers, the principal sufferers being Messrs. Saggers and Green, and the residents on Splitters Creek. The fire spread yesterday from Splitters Creek to Albury common and Laington, where much grass was burnt. A fire aiso broke out on Georogery Station and destroyed four miles of fencing. Further outbreaks are reported on tho Upper Murray, on the holdings of Mate and Falkiner. The weather still* keeps intensely hot, and the atmosphere is dense with smoke. Tuesday. The following arc the stock movements : — 12, S00 sheep, from Condobolin to Euroa, Victoria, W. H. Haley owner ; 6000 ewes, from Booligal to Tumbarumba, R. Wilson and Co. owners. BOURKE, Tuesday. The following are the crossings at North Bourke bridge for the week ending November 24, 18S8 :— 18th, 370 mixed fat cattle, from Ardoch to Sydney, W. Sly owner: 23rd, 400 fat cattle, from Thurulgoona to Sydney, J. and W. Christian owners. Wool : 739 bales. The following are the truckings at Bourke for the week ending 24th :— 707 Ardoch cattle, for 'W. Sly; 300 Norley cattle, for F. W. Array tage; 325 Cowley cattle, for A. H. Macdonald ; 178 Bingera and Mount Cornish cattle, for H. Colless ; 312 Keroongoola fat cattle at Nyngan, for Scarfe and Co.; 329 Bluff cattle, for W. W. Richardson; 100 Mooculta cattle, for E. J. Barton. BOMBALA, Tuesday. After two months of dry weather a thunderstorm broke over the totvn this afternoon ; 28 points have already fallen. It is still raining heavily. A light wind is blowing from tne south-west. CUONAMBLE, Monday. The weather has teen fearfully hot during the past few days. On Sunday it was 10S in the shade. COOMA, Tuesday. A slight shower of rain fell here this morning. The crops are a failure, grass and water are getting scarce, and bush fires are raging all over the district. COftAKI, TUEBDAY. The crops look well here, and grass is abundant. Rain is, however, much needed. Fat cattle are now £1 higher in price. DUBBO. Nov. 22. 600 store bullocks, Everingrham owner, Queensland, passed late yesterday evening, going up the river for grass. Tuesday. The prevalence of bush fires is causing great uneasiness, as they spring up like magic. A feeling is gaining ground that kangaroo-shooters are the cause of a great many of the numerous fires. The lessee of Wambangalang ran was hurrying off with all his available hands to help a neigh bour at bush fires, when his manager came after him, reporting a fire in his home paddock. He returned, and get the fire under after much work, and was riding on through his run, when he was amazed at the fire breaking out almost at his feet. As it had not got much, hold, he soon got it under, and on looking around found the newly skinned body of a kangaroo only an hour old. Goingon he met that evening four fires, all near, recently skinned bodies of kangaroos. It is supposed that kangaroo-shooters who are very numerous ,set the grass on fire, causing the kangaroos to mob together and rut. in from the fire, thus becoming an easy shot for the rifles. This is becoming so serious a fact that it is thought the Government ought to step in with stringent regulations to save the country from devastation. GUNNEDAH, Nov. 23. Five thousand six hundred Dumble wethers are ap proaching for sale; 300 store cattle were offered here yesterday, but there were no buyers. GILGANDRA, Monday. One thousand eight hundred mixed fat sheep from Bangate, via Walgett, to truck At Pubbo, for Sydney, Langloh Parker owner, J. J. Carter in charge, passed up the Castlereagh on Sunday. The temperature in the courthouse was 107* and in the Public school 105* at noon to-day. A bush fire is now raging within one mile of the township. \- GUNDAGAI, Tuesday. The following are the stock movements since last re port : — November 22nd, 360 fat cattle, from Queensland to Melbourne, M'Gregor owner, Bannerman in charge ; No vember 24, 3»0 store cows and 500 store bullocks, from Queensland to Gippsland, M'Gregor owner, Jasper in charge of the cows, and Bridge in charge of the bullocks; November 25, 300 stores, mixed, M'Gregor owner, same destination as former, M'Crae in charge ; 8000 sheep, from Kimo station to mountains, James .Robinson owner, J. O'Kier in charge; November 2G, 11,000 sheep, Whitting ham Brothers owners, from Wallangara to Tumberumba, J. Jenkins in charge ; 850 store bullocks, en route for gross country, Tyson owner, Smith, in charge ; to-day, 5000 sheep, from Tumbleton to Adelong, F. Johnston in charge. 1NVERELL, Tuesday. One thousand and six fat sheep passed on 24th from Myall Creek to be trucked at Glen lanes for Brisbane mar ket, John Sinclair owner. JER1LDER1E, Nov. 22. 28,000 sheep passed through yesterday, and 4500 were trucked on Tuesday to the Homebush market, various ownere. Pastoralists between Jerilderic and Murrumbidgee are feeling the effects of the season. Reports are coming in from all sides that sheep and 6tock are dying. The water tanks are nearly exhausted, and the owners of runs are re ducing their stock as fast as possible. The weather is excessively hot. The atmosphere for the past 10 days has been thick with a smoky mist, caused by the heavy bush fires in easterly nnd northed v directions. Between here and the Murray the country still looks well, grass and water are plentiful and harvesting is in full swing. Many farmers are cutttng part of their crops for hay. Stripping is general this week. Already the grain is coming into the local mill. Yield is expected to be from 16 to 25 bushels' per acre. PATERSON, Monday. It is extremely hot and dry here : bush fires are still raging, destroying the grass on which our stockowners bo much depend. Flying foxes are causing immense amount of harm by their raids on the orchards, stripping the trees of the unripe fruit aud even the leaves. RYLSTONE, Nov. 22. The following have been the stock passings during the past week :— On the 18th instant 2000 fat wethers, from J. H. and F. White. Bando, to Homebush, R. Howe in charge; on the 19th instant, from the Rylstone railway station, 32 calves, from A. Tindale, Bylong, to Br linker and Wolfe. Tuesday. The surrounding bush fires continue to be attended with the most disastrous results. In one place' over 200 sheep, the property of Mr. R. M. Fitzgerald, were literally consumed in a heap, while many more were seriously injured. Some miles distant from this a man who, with his family, had been some distance from home extinguishing a fire, upon his return found the house, together with the stable and horse which hud been left therein, all reduced to ashes. One fire is said to be 15 miles in extent. TEMORA, Nov. 22. Stock passings: 374 fat bullocks, Queensland to Mel bourne, M'Gregor owner, Banucrman in charge ; 330 stores and fat bullocks, Lake Boolca, South Australia, to Wagga, Donnelly Brothers owners, Welsh in charge. WAGGA WAGGA, Tuesday. Stock movements: 7300 ewes, Mr. J. Cox's, Man gaaplah, Carabo6t, via Little Billabong, Thos. Kcogh in charge ; 7500 ewes, Messrs. Swift and Hann's, Mimosa West to Tumut, J. Thornburn in charge; 14,837 ewes and wethers, Mr. R. Evans, South Berryjerjy to Snow Vale, William Evans in charge ; 2000 ewes aad lambs, Mr. Thomas Clydesdale's, Kelvingrove to Yarra Yarra, owner in charge ; 46 head cattle, Mr. A. M'Kin non, Junee to Darling Harbour, by rail; 60 rams, Mr. J. Hawkins, from Victoria to Eunorighareenyha, by rail ; 6600 ewes, Messrs. E. and A. Westby's, Duckargunga to Hickory Grove, J. Kircham in charge; 530 wethers, Mr. A. Booth's, Gobbagunibalin to Homebush, road and rail; 8000 mixed sheep, Mr. Toole's, Wallaroobie to Delegate, owner in charge ; 3750 ewes, Messrs. Hann and Holloran, Connorton to Mount Finlay via Tumberumba, Thos. Riley in charge; 3500 wethers, Mr. A. Bahrain's, Connorton to Black Jack, via Tumbarumba, J. Balmain in charge. 