LATEST TELEGRAMS. (From our own Correspondent.) Colonial and Intercolonial. ADELAIDE. January 10. The Exhibition building was form- ally closed last Saturday. Over 13,000 people attended on that day. The total number of cash admissions throughout consisted of 378,558 ; sea- son ticket holders, 372,818 ; school children, 12,034 ; free, 3,470. Grand total 766,880. Mr. E. T. Smith and His Excellency the Governor both made speeches at the closing ceremony, referring to the great success of the undertaking. After the Governor's speech the exhibition officials and the attendants made a presentation to Mr. E. T. Smith and the Mayoress. In the evening a social reunion was held at the invitation of Mr. Commis- sioner Neild of Sydney. A long list of toasts was honoured in New South Wales champagne. On the 17th inst a complimentary social is to be given by the promoters of the exhibition, in the Town Hall, to the foreign and other representatives, exhibitors, and officials. The work of dismantling is now going on briskly but the public are to be admitted between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. during the present week at a charge of Is. per head. The German barque " Saturn " of 484 tons burden with over 5000 bags of wheat aboard, was burnt to the water's edge at Port Pirie early last Saturday morning. There was an ex- citing scene at the conflagration, the captain with his wife and family just escaping in the nick of time, being rescued by the crew of the, barque " Copsefield." The whole of the cargo was insured ; the freight was insured for £800. The crew and all their belongings were saved. The .vessel was scuttled. Mrs. Mann the wife of the Crown Prosecutor died here to-day. Mr. Mann is at present travelling in New Zealand. The Melbourne railway returns show that 7364 passengers, have been carried to the Adelaide Exhibition. This number gave the railways a profit of £7000. Over 100 cases of typhoid fever have been reported to the Melbourne Cen- tral Board of Health. The Victorian Absconding Debtors' Act comes into force to-day. It will be applicable to this Colony next week. The French warship " Fabet " ar- rived in Hobart last Sunday. Great preparations are being made for the opening of the Broken Hill Tramway next Thursday and two special trains are to leave here to- morrow. Two aboriginals have been brought into Port Augusta from Erlduna Station, Alice Springs on a charge of having stuck up the station. The exceedingly hot weather now being experienced throughout the coun- try districts is very favourable for har- vesting operations. Port Lincoln re- ports that some crops are yielding from 20 to 35 bushels to the acre. A number of sunstrokes have been reported from the country, and several bushfires have occurred. One most destructive fire is reported from the Mt. Gambier district, despoiling many miles of the best pastoral country. It is estimated that 10,000 sheep have been burnt. Kemp and Clifford are now in full training on the Parramatta. Both are in good form but Kemp is at present considerably over his rowing weight. Hanlan is in training for his match with Neilson. It is probable that Hearn of Kew Zealand and Perkins of England» will be matched for a big stake shortly. The share market is now very brisk. Broken Hills sold here to-day for £215, and in Melbourne for £217. Eveleens are selling from 7s. 9d. to 8s. London advises the floating of the South Australian Mining Company with a capital of £100,000. Sir J. Downer, Sir Samuel Davenport, and the Hon. J. C. F. Johnson are Directors. r The Duke of Manchester arrived here to-day. He proceeds to Broken Hill to-morrow. English, and Foreign. The French War Office has decided to prosecute M. Wilson, the son-in-law of the late President, for complicity in the, selling of decorations by several officials in the War Office. A severe smallpox epidemic is now. raging - in the North of England. The .centre of the diseased district is Sheffield. Colonial and Intercolonial. January 12. A very large party of gentlemen left here to-day for Broken Hill, in- tending to be present at the opening of the tramway. The party included His Grace the Duke of Manchester, a number of the members of the Ministry, also a large number of the members of both the South Australian and Sydney Parliaments. The party slept at Silverton last night. The tramway was declared open this morning ; an inspection of the mines is taking place this afternoon, and is to be followed by a banquet this evening. The bulk of the party remain at Silverton for the race meeting, and return to Adelaide on Saturday night. The development of the silver field appears to have raised hopes and increased confidence in the investing public. The demand for shares in mines where the work is proceeding has increased without per- ceptible abatement. Yesterday saw a big rise in popular stock. There was also a good demand for shares in smaller mines aldhg the line of the Broken Hill country. The principal excitement was in Centrals, and Sonth Broken Hills. One specu- lator in silver stock realised yesterday £1049, for shares which had cost only £138 a year and nine months ago. Some other speculators made several hundreds pounds each in a few hours yesterday. Everybody talks shares. Although silver monopolises the greatest share of attention, a rumour that the Macdonnell Range Ruby Co. would pay a dividend very shortly directed attention to precious stones. Broken Hills sold at here at £232 ; in Melbourne, £230, and £218 in Sydney. Eveleens 7s, 6d. to 7s. 9d. London quotes Straits and Austra- lian tin at £167 ; Wallaroo and Burra copper at £88; Chili bars bare at £85 10s. ; standard silver 3s. 8|d. ; soft Spanish lead at £15 15s, Considerable notice is being attracted by the action of the public meeting at Port Darwin, re the unrestricted in- flux of Chinese, in appealing to the Federal Council and the other Colonial Governments. A letter from Y. L. Solomon ap- peared in the Register yesterday, com- menting strongly on the ridiculous police administration in the Northern Territory. Two thousand men are still engaged on the Government relief works in New South Wales. A Thursday Island telegram states that the Rev. J. Chalmers, the New Guinea missionary, has a severe attack of fever, consequent on a long period of- exposure to the wet weather. A skirmish between the Aroma people and an inland tribe, resulted in a victory for the latter; ten of the Aroma men were killed. The Victorian Central Board of Health have sent a memorandum to the Premier on the subject of Federal Quarantine, which states, that till, the other Colonies insist upon compulsory vaccination, as they do, the Board consider that the precautions hitherto taken should not be relaxed. They favour the .establishment of a federal, quarantine station at King George's Sound, Thursday Island, or Lizard Island, but object to the expense of equipping a station at Port Darwin. A large number of applications has been received by our Agent-General for the position of Chairman of the new Railway Board, at a salary of £2500 per annum. Final arrangements have been con- cluded with the Peninsular and Oriental, and the Orient Companies for a new Australian-mail service ; all mails will call at the Semaphore instead of Glenelg. E¿glua & Foreign. The late fears regarding the Crown Prince of Germany's throat affection have been fully dispelled ; he is to return very shortly to Berlin. The doctors are now fully sure of his ultimate recovery. The Emperor him- self is unwell. Another attempt has been made to. assassinate the Czar of Russia, but was fortunately frustrated. Large numbers of Nihilists have been arrested for complicity in the attempt, including many army officers. It is reported that Stanley's relief expedition has successfully reached Emin Bey, finding him well. 