NOTES FROM YORK, ? » From our Correspondent. For tho past few days wo havo enjoyed delightful woathor for this season of the year, but yesterday buahflros surrounded tho town, and the clouda of amoke, together with the boat, made things rather disa grooablo. I have to chroniole tho domiae of a well known storekeeper of this town, who expir ed at liis reaidonco on Tuesday morning. I refer to Mr. W. Kett, who had been lingering for a considerable length of timo, The deceased waa a shrewd man of business and poaaossiid many good qualities, Hip remains woro interred iu the Church of England comotory the following day, being followed to tho grave by a numeroua and highly roapoelubls cortogo. Ho leaves liohind him a wife and five childron to mourn their loss. Tho Police Court on Monday last waa literally crowded, it being difficult to flud silting accommodation for the largo number of spectators who had asaembled to hoar tho business of tho day. .The' first ease brought on for hearing was for disorderly conduct on the eve of tho New Year, in which five young mon wove supposed to be ooncorned. One of the prisonera— a youth named Woods— waa released, itboing'proved that he was not implicated, The others— '\Vetherall, Kett, Lynos, and white— were eaoh fiuod 10a, In imposing the fine the magistrate severely reprimanded tho cul prits for their mi8conduot, and iuformed them he would pasa a heavier sentence if such behaviour were brought to his notice again. Tho ohargo preferred against Patrick Connor, for Bhooting at Patriok Sherry with iutent to do him grievous bod ily harm, was noxt hoard. The prisoner said that when ho fired he intended only to frighten, but unfortunately he fired too high, nB he meant to hit tho ground. He seamed greatly distressed, and when questioning tho witnesses at timea ap peared almost dumbfounded and had to bo allowed a conaiderablo amount of timo bofore ho could put the questiona, some of whioh wore totally irrelevant to the caso. Sherry oooupied a sout in the court and had to be aaaisted in and out. In his eyidenco he denied ever having tam pered with the property which was in the ohargo of Connor, and stated that when tho gun went off he was walking along the footpath. Ho confessed to having holpod to remove other property that night, and also assisted in ringing the bells at the different places of worship, The magistrates committed tho prisoner for trial, allowing bail to tho amount of JJ150 j Moasrs. J. T, Monger and H. Davey acting as suroties. The next charge on the liat was an assault case, in whioh Mr, George Martain, of Cubbine, figured as prosecutor, and Mr, Jonah Parker, of Dan gin, as defendant. From the evidence of the prosecutor it appeared that the de fendant visitod Cubbine on .the night of the 23rd December last, for the purpose of removing some oattle which the prose outor had impounded. They proceeded to the yard, ana almost immediately aftor they entered it the prosecutor states that Parker pulled off hfa ooat and hit him (Martain) with a rovolver on tho shoulder and iu falling he struck his head against a waggon that waa standing by, whioh Btunnod him, Tho defendant stoutly denied atrikiug Martain, and stated that the rovolver did not belong to him. He further said that two men, named Ellis and Hayman, attacked him, and between them thoy handled him rather roughly. For the prosooution Elliu and Hayman gave evi dence denying the atateraents made by Parker, asserting that they heard cries of ' Murder' emanating from the cattle yard, and when thoy arrived on the scone thoy were just in time to see Parker clearing the gato. They made ohase and succeeded in catching him, but the two mon were un able to hold him. For the defonce an aboriginal native was called, who stated that the rovolver belonged to Martain, as he had lent it to him (tho native) some timo baok, The magiatrates retired, and on roturning into Court dismissed the oharge Vith oosta. M tor an adjournment of about an hour a cross-summons, Parker v. Martain, Ellis, and Hayman, for assault, was heard. The only wituess waa a young man named Arthur Sowell, and he waa sonio hundred yards away when the alleged assault was committed, Tho mag istrates dismissed this ohargo also. The next case was Parker v. Martain, senr,, Martain junr., Hayraan aud Ellis, for an assault. The evidence went to show thpt the two first-named defendants attaoked the proseoutor and threatened to 'lynoh' him— an expression whioh Martain, sen., denied over making use of, as he waa iguorant of its meaning, Tho witness Sewull and nativo Golunie stated that they threatened to tie the prosooutor up to a tree, and in handling him they tore his shirty nearly off his baok. Tho Bench was of opinion that the oharge against Martftinj set., and jun,, had been proved, and fined thorn each ^5, Tho charge against Hay man nnd Ellis was diiuiissod. This con cluded tho business of the day and the court adjourned at about half-past five. It is well-known that tha passongei-train whioh arrives in York from the Pott at 8 p.m. very often oarries with it a largo number of passengers. It is hurried on to Boverley after a delay of about a quarter of an hour, giving the passongers hardly time to alight from the train before they are oallod to take their seats again. I fail to see why the authorities cannot allow the train to stay in York,'say for an hour, as then it would give tho passengers suflloient timo to partako of refreshments. One hour would make very little difference to the Boverloy folks, aa tho train does not return until the following morning. Thia matter coinmond8 itself to the consideration of those in authority at head-quarters, and I hope ere long a more satisfactory stato of affairs will be brought about. It will be remembered that at tho Decem. her meeting of the York Municipal Coun oil Mr. Joaoph Pyke would not allow himself to be sworn in aB a councillor, stating as his reason for so doing that the elootion of the Mayor was illogal. However, since then Mr, Pyko haB become roeonoilud, and at the meeting hold on Friday last he took hia seat and the usual formalitios woro gone through. VVhent ia fetching 8a. 9d. per bushel, caah, and flour ia Belling at 26s. por bag. Tho tenders that wero received for tho erection of the Wealoyan olmpel iu this town woro considered too high, and I under Btand that fresh ones will shortly be invited. The enterprising firm of Messrs. Thorn, Bower, and Stewart have started a brick field here, and the sample of brioks turned out ib quite up to tho standard. Nothwith atanding that thero aro very few buildings in course of erection hero just now I am given to understand tho firm have already received several large orders, January 13. 