The Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c; At the close of last week iain fell in and around Albury. Dubbo received 38 points, Tumut 19 points, Camden 36. In the first half of this week there were thunderstorms accompanied by van* light showers in some parts, but in no case was the fall sufficient to do much service. Rain has been threatening every day, but does not come. This is re carded by the weatherwise as a bad sign, indicating that the drought will be prolonged. The condition of the colony at the present time is critical, and the reports from nearly all districts extremely doleful. Bush fires are of frequent occurrence, and have recently done much damage. Grass is becoming scarce, and water supplies are failing. Fortunately there is good grass in the' Snowy River country, and immense flocks of sheep have been sent from Riverina to that well-favoured locality. The North Coast districts are the oniy ones in the colony which are in good condition. Apart from these the corps are likely either to fail completely or to return very small yields. ALBDRY, November 13. The first break in the weather took place on Friday evening, when a few nice showers fell. Saturday was a close niuggy day, followed in the evening by nice steady rain, which lasted for over an hour. To judge from the distant lightning which accompanied the downpour, the fall of rain was probably much heavier in some parts of the district, and if so 6ome of tho crops may yet be saved. To-day the heat is again so great that there is some ground for anticipating another fall . In consequence of the drought store stock just now are completely unsalable. Bullocks which a few months ago would have brought £5 ahead have been sold for a quarter of that sum. There is no improvement to report in the prospects of the coming harvest. For the first time for some years there is a like lihood of new wheat touching a fairly remunerative price; but the farmers will have little if any to sell. Graziers have not suffered any lose at present, as there is a suffi ciency of grass and water for immediate requirements, and local wool generally has brought excellent prices. The eheepowners, however, complain that there is no market for their surplus stock, everyone being afraid to buy. DETULIQUIN, Novehbeu 3. Very dry and warm weather has prevailed here during the past fortnight, and the pastoral outlook is of a most unsatisfactory character. The district stock are falling away in condition ; but there have been no serious losses yet. 'With travelling stock, however, the case is very different. Sheep are travelling here just now at the rate of over a hundred thousand a month and, generally speaking, they could not be in a more poverty-stricken condition. In one flock a loss of 7000 occurred on a two months' journey, while on several others the numbers have decreased by from a few hundreds to two or three thousand. Last Sunday four large flocks Dassed through. One of them lost 400 in one night at the Pretty Pine camp, and the road from Pretty Pine to Deniliquin is literally lined with dead sheep. The state of these flocks may be estimated from the fact that they ore selling a run of any of them from a hundred upwards at from a shilling to eighteenpence a head. FORBES, November 3. Many of the squatters who have properties on the river as well as out back are bringing their stock in on to the frontages, the back country being already too drought stricken even to carry sheep. On the river frontages the grass 6eems to hang out wonderfully, and if a good down pour were to come now there might be a cliince of the 6eason turning, at least so far as pastoral pursuits are con cerned. As for the crops there is no chance of saving them now, the season being too far advanced. Chaff i6 selling here at £7 per ton, and hardly procurable at that, while it is impossible to get hay. All kinds ot grain for local use, as far as horse-feed is concerned, have to be brought from Sydney, bo that with the carriage by team it is up to a good figure. The river is about the same as last week. The fol lowing lots of stock have crossed the commons since last report : — 400 head of store bullocks, on the 26th of October, from Queensland to Wodonga, M'MilIan owner, Robert Floyd in charge; 700 head of store bullocks on the same date, from Queensland to Wodonga, James Tyson owner, Field in charge ; 600O 2-tooth wethers, on the 31st of October, from Warroo to Kangaroobi, James Dalton owner, Charles Bell in charge. GLEN LNNES, November 5. We are still having dry -weather, and the young green crass is beginning to wither. The days are very warm, the thermometer standing between 80 and 90 degrees in the shade. The crops are very backward for the time of the year. Oats are only a few inches high, and there is scarcely any wheat in the district. A few have maize just showing above the ground, but it is 'very late, and unless we get rain shortly it cannot come to much. Shearing is now in i uU swing on all the principal sheep stations in the district ; owing to the heavy losses sustained this year by squatters, the clip will be far below the average. GRAFTON, November 3. The crushing season on the Clarence is almost finished. Around Harwood a large number of canecutters finished up during the week, and were paid off, numbers of them are leaving for Sydney immediately. Although the season has been a rather Bhort one, a good deal of cane has been put through the rollers, and the results in the quality and quantity of sugar so far satisfactory. IN YERELL, November 5. There is no change in the weather, which has been un usually oppressive during the week, one day registering 83 in the shade. From all parts . disheartening accounts are being received. Mr. William Onus reports that between Yetman and Goondiwindi the paddocks are as bare as the road, not a blade of grass being visible ; and stock are dying wholesale. At Tucka Tuoka station all the paddocks are bare, and generally the outlook of the squatter is most appalling. Fodder is increasing in price, and has to be carried along the roads by teamsters and drivers, in ca&e; the same is not procurable at some of the townships. KIANDRA, November 3. The weather is exceedingly dry for this time of the year, the creeks are only just runninar, and the ground has no moisture in it. The snow water dried up quicker than ever known before in the district. Stock are arriving at the different summer runs in the neighbournood. Arrived: 22,000 sheep at Tantangra run, Parson and Dill owners ; 12,000 sheep, Long Plain station, Austin and Millear owners; 1500 bullocks, Boggy Plain ran; 14,000 sheep, Yarrangobilly run, Stainbridge and Waugh owners. MOAMA and ECHUCA, November 3. Another week of dry weather has to be reported, strong hot winds prevailing yesterday and to-day. While many of the crops will be cut for huy. there 'are not wanting instances where farmers- anticipate fair yields, considering the exceptionally dry season. A thunderstorm touk place last night, and while only a few drops of rain fell here, reports from Mathoura announce a very good fall at that place, and the crops there are greatly benefited and look strong and healthy. MUDGEE, November 5. The effects of the season are beginning to exhibit them selves already. Flour is being imported by rail, and ere long we will not be surprised to see produce of other descriptions coming along. By-the-bye,' on Thursday last a very heavy rain storm passed over Windeyer and Grattai district. All the creeks were bankers, and persons coming into town had to wait for their subsidence. How ever only one corner of our parched district benefited. OEANGE, November o. It is now considered inevitable that the crops must prove a failure this season, as the grain, where it has become full in the ear, is shrinking through want of moisture. The dis appointment is the more great as the spring prospects were promising. Stock has been turned into several of the wheat paddocks in the Cudal, Toogong, and Eugowra districts. Unless rain falls before many days there will be no crops even to the south and south-east of Orange, where the pad docks of wheat, oats, and grass at present look greenest. The outlook of farmers is as bad as that of pastoralists, and gloomy prospects are before those engaged in either pursuit. Mining, too, is severely affected by want of water, as crushing operations on an extensive scale without this indispensable element are impracticable. The fruit crop is also threatened owing to continued drying winds and fre quent frosts at night. SINGLETON, November 6. The hot, dry, and sultry weather still continues. Every thing round about the town is parched up. A thunderstorm passed over the town on Sunday about 4 o'clock, but the rain that fell only just damped the ground. Ae a rule, Singleton seldom receives any rain in November, but generally about Christmas time. WALGETT, November 3. Our season's prospects are as disheartening as ever. Stock are commencing to feel it keenly, especially horses that are worked to any extent, and to odd to our other calamities bushfires have set in in earnest ; 60,000 acres were burnt on 23oorooma station, a large tract on fiangate back Btation, also a part of Llanillo Btation. On Goangra station last week, Mr. Millar, the manager, was riding along one of the paddocks when a flash of lightning struck the fence, shattering several posts and at the name time the grass took fire, resulting in the destruction of two paddocks before it was subdued. WAGGA 'WAGGA, November 5. Every week the same doleful story has to bo repeated that we have no rain, and that the intense heat of the day, succeeded by cold, even recently frosty, nights precludes any hope of it. In. the town the withering effects of the drought are not so observable for obvious reasons. We have a fine water supply and our gardens and Ehower baths are amply supplied. It is only from the traveller who passes through the place that we learn of the direful effects of the drought around us, said by many to be the worst ex perienced during the last 20 years. The present drought is the more disappointing because the rain last year presaged a fine season, out the hopes of one have gradually withered as the herbage is now doing. If rain came at once it would do but little good to the crops ; but water is always wel come upon Riverina land, and, at least, some heavy storms would fill the tanks. The evaporation in this district is something remarkable, and the contents of a email tank under your correspondent's notice diminished in depth about six inches during the past week, no water having been taken from it for stock. 