LETTERS ABOUT TASMANIA. "An Old Colonist" is contributing a series of letters to the Ceylon Observer, and has recently been treating of the West Coast. The following extracts from letters published in April lost will give an idea of the picture presented:- After leaving the Heazlewood mine for the Pieman, " Old Colonist " says:- at Corinna is our nearest port, and we reach it dead beat; for though only 26 miles from Heaazlewood, it is in rough and not very interesting road. The Corinna, as the aborigines called it, or Piemaon as the Eng- lish settlers would have it, is however a noble river, in volume of water exceeding the Derwent, and second only to the G0r- don, which empties its waters into Mac- quarie Harbour, and is by far the largest river in Tasmania. The Pieman runs a course of perhaps 150 miles, though as a matter of fact it has not yet been sur- veyed, and for many miles ships of 2000 tons might ride with safety; but alas, like many of the Australian rivers, it is all but lost before it reaches the ocean. Here at the "township" of Corinna, 12 miles from the heads, the river is 154 yards wide, and deep enough to float a P. and O., while at the heads it narrows to a few yards of shallow water, as a rule so terribly turbulent that a life boat would not venture out or in. It is indeed, a wild inhospitable coast, little known and generally avoided; but, as there seems every probability of its be- coming famous for ifs minerals, it was decided a trip to Macquarie Harbour might not be uninteresting, and accordingly after resting for a day we start along a winding- path, the first dozen miles being through dense forest, the remainder of the journey comparatively open country. The first stage in to Trial Harbour, 28 miles by the path, though a surveyor marking out a track for a telegraph line, tells me it is only 22 in a direct line. Trial Harbour or Remine (every township in Tasmania has two names), is about as miserable a place as one would care to come across, and recently a bush-fire having added to the horror of the surroundings, the whole township, it appears, was burned down, the inhabitants only escaping with their lives by running into the sea. Very temporary huts have again been built, but the charred remains of many a table and chair may be seen strewed around. Poor as the place is, it in destined to see better days at no distant date. See yonder mountain at a distance inland of 11 miles: bleak and rugged as it looks, Mount Zeehan is be- lieved to rest upon a foundation of silver ore, so rich and abundant that the eyes of capitalists from all parts of Australia are now turning towards it, and so great is the faith already displayed, that a dozen com- panies have been formed, and within the past fortnight six have already been floated with capitals from 320,000 to £40,000 each, while a syndicate from Ballarat has offered to make a tramway from Mount Zeehan to Macquarie Harbour. Bravo ! there is hope for Tasmania yet. There is not perhaps in the wide world a place of worse reputation than Macquarie Harbour. Even old Tasmanians speak of it with bated breath. Port Arthur was a paradise, and Norfolk Island an elysium compared with this perfect pandemonium. There, at least, the kindly surroundings stood in striking contrast to the wickedness within. Here nature combined to form a scenery in keeping with the terrible tragedies enacted. Overhead an angry cloudy sky, a temperature so chill and humid, that animal life is with difficulty preserved. Lashed by frequent tempests, this rugged and inhospitable region shows but little vegetation, save in the coarsest and most massive forns, no flowers deck the shores, no festoons hang from the trees, no grass for miles around sufficient to feed a goat. " Hell's gates" was the appro- priate name given to the entrance of the harbour by the convicts to whom it proved indeed a place of torment, such as we are glad to think does not now disfigure the earth. The ingenuity of man could scarcely have chosen a fitter place in which to act the devil. Every feature of the landscape seems to wear an air of ferocity, rigour, and despair. On the one hoad the perilous gates and tempestuous sea ; on the other the impenetoable. forests, skirted by imperious thickets. Many a barrowing tale is still told of poor maddened a convicts escaping into the inhospitable bush, and many a skeleton has since been found, not only of absconders, but of gangs sent in search of them. But although wicked men may be permitted to form, and for a time to govern a gehenna, fortunately they cannot make it eternal. Many years ago Macquarie was abandoned, and of recent years an attempt has been made to blot out the name by laying out a a township, and calling it Strahan after the late Governor. As yet the township is only on paper, and the country a dreary, unprofitable, and forbidding waste; it re- mains for the present generation of colonists to - as the Frenah say- change all that, and a few monthns hence I fully expect to see a population of some thousand diggers - not perhaps the most desirable members of society - still an improvement on the past. The Victorian syndicate has already undertaken to make a tramway to Mount Zeehan, a distance of over 20 miles at a cost of £70,000, and work on the Mount will be commenced forthwith. 