Our Own District. Last week a new make of payable stone was struck in the 178-ft. level at the New Era. Mr. Julius Davids lectured on "apple and pear disease " at Lobethal on Monday, Charles Wittke, of Lobethal, gets two years gaol for criminally assaulting a little girl. A large bushfire occurred near Yankalilla on Monday. Milang (115 for 6 wickets) beat Finniss (37) at cricket on Saturday. Mr. Tomkinson, M.L.C., will be present at Mount Barker Show. A find indicative of a good coal-seam is reported from the Hundred of Angas. The Hon. John Colton and his wife are staying at Port Elliot. Dr. Cockburn, M.P., will spend a week or two in Mount Barker next month. Mr. Donald Gollan had a rib broken by a fall from his horse at Point Sturt last Friday. Shade-trees should be planted at Mount Barker Showground during the coming season. Mr. Dutch on testing this week got a pretty little button of silver from a small sample of ore from Hahndorf. A syndicate of twenty has been formed to test the recently-discovered Hahndorf silver lode. By a bazaar at Stirling on. Saturday £31 was raised for Mount Lofty Congregational Church. Mr. H. C. Scarfe, who has resided 31 years in the South, is leaving Port Elliot for Adelaide. The Mount Barker District Council receives £300 in respect to main roads, and Hahndorf £150. The Rev. W. R. Milne was last night inducted into the charge of Clare Presbyterian Church. A start will shortly he made with the Balhannah mine, the necessary machinery being now on its way from England. During December quarter eight ships of 8602 tons gross burthen left Port Victor. Their crews numbered 286. Mr. Bews, M.P., and Mr, Jenkins, M.P., promise to assist at Mount Barker Show concert. A second and final dividend of 5s. in the pound is payable in the estate of Richard P. Banfield, of Mount Pleasant. A first dividend of 6s. 8d. in the pound is payable in the estate of R. T. Dalton, late of Murray Bridge, blacksmith. A recent crushing of 14 tons of stone from Mount Charles mine—treated at the New Era—yielded 9½ozs of gold. Mr. William Hogarth, of Momba station, is satisfied with the rabbit-poisoning experi- ments at Tintinallogy. Messrs. Walker and Swan began platelaying on the 39-mile railway from Michelago to Cooma (N.S.W.) on Friday. On Saturday 107 members of the Boys' Field Club visited the Balhannah mine. Messrs. Kerr, Carnac, J. Grasby, and their wives hospitably entertained the youngsters. The following working men's blocks were sold last week:—Finniss—section 520, twenty acres, R. Denniss 10s. ; Mobilong—sections 348-50, eighteen acres, F. Heinrich, £1 2s. 6d. A procession of Oddfellows followed the late Mr. Levrington to his grave, and Bro. Harry Paltridge, lecture-master, read the funeral address. The Commissioner of Public Works promises to enquire into the necessity of erecting bridle-posts at Mount Barker Junction station and at Mount Barker. Customs duties received at Southern ports during last quarter were:—Goolwa. £2 6s. ; Milang £63 4s.; Victor £2 12s.; Yankalilla £2 3s. 3d, The Bird-in-Hand manager hopes to bring the east and west drives of the new adit together this week. In a few weeks he expects to have water out of the shaft, and develop- ment works proceeding. Last month 40,449 passengers and 5229¾ tons of goods were carried on the Southern railway, the receipts being £8752 18s. as against £6060 8s. 11d. in 1887. Mileage 241¼. During the quarter ended with December , the value of goods imported through Southern harbors was:—Goo!wa £167,246 ; Port Victor £27; Yankalilla £9 5s. The exports were:— Milang £88 ; Mobilong £3289 ; Victor £189,835 ; Willunga £766. 