Tlie District; uourc. [Before His Honor J iidgo Btickliouso.] Tuesday, 1 3 th November. Miclmol Dowdieui v. Louis Pedrana. —Refreshments. otc-r£2 17s 6d. Pl an tiff was ptvsont, l ut n - appou-anro of or for defendiint. Part of tin's claim contained' an amount for rrf- cslimonts, but- tire- dofendunt not being a lodger tho pltrintilF could not sue for thom, and tho amount was deducted. Verdict for plaintiff £1 17s,. including amount paid into court Uoynton- v. Simmonds. — C109 10s. Struck, out on- account of defendnnt Raving gone through the Insolvent Court,. Close v. Boyson. — Garnishee order £17 16s 3d, Paid into court. 'Lawrence v. Mncplioi-son. — Fencing, ? £00 5s 5-1. Case withdrawn. ffiacpliorson v. Lawronce. — Fencing, JLb'l J.Od lid. Case withdrawn. * ... Dugald Cameron v. Duncan Mao : ? Jtonzi o Cameron. — For grass and fenc ing burnt, £50. This caso was hoard Before a special jury of four, which was ' struck ' by arrangement between plaintiff and defendant. Ten jurymen Sad been summoned, and tho first eight Barnes being drawn from the ballot l-ox the plaintiff and defendant each struck out two names, leaving tho four required. Tho names of tlio jury empanelled wore as follows : — Messrs. John Kolly, E. G. Iiondorson, T. H. Boynton, and R. Beaty. I Itl ? n_ ? TV- ? /Uf.. TV ? l..\ acted as counsel fur the plaintiff, anil \- the defendant conducted his own case. The Crown Prosecutor, in opening j the ease, read tho plaint, a-t follows : — 'Tho plaintiff sues the defendnnt for the sum of £30, in compensation for in respect of damages occasioned by tho negligent uso of fire ; that is to say ou tho 16th day of September last the de fendant did at Tori in tlio district of Balranald ignito cortaiu inflammable material, to wit, reeds, on his land ad ) joining tho plaintifT'H, the defendant having neglected tn clear off inflamm able material the space of 15ft.' from a fence dividing tho land of plaintiff and defendant, and omitting to g-vo notico in writing at least twenty-fonr hours before igniting tho said fire, whereby the plaintiff sustained damages by the de struction of the portion -f dividing fence the burning of the herbage, and obstruc tion of the falling timber, and the ne cessary proviso of the plaintiff for the pasturage of the stock,' and further enlarged upon tho heavy loss sustained by plaintiff. The witnosses for tho defence wero thon called : — William Pearson, sworn, deposod : That ho was a honndary rider on Paika station, and knew both plaintiff and de fendant, On Sunday, ICtli September, ho saw a fire on tho river iu Ross's paddock which adjoins plaintiff* ; that was whoro he first saw it; ho rode down and saw two men fishing on »he river; saw defendant in tlio oveninir ; ho had a conversation with defendant, ?who said he had sot firo to Bome cum bnngi to burn a couple of snakes nnd a rabbit out ; ho (Pearson) told liim ho was likely to have a mess tlier°, but ho ; replied that the firo would soon po'otit ? lie also told defendant that tho 'firo was across the cutting. The cutting lad beon made for tho purpose of ' * letting the water in from the river into a lake, but defendant replied that lie' did not think it would eome to any thing; he (Pearson) told him that tho best tiling he could do was to get tho sheep out of the paddock ; ho saw llie fire again on the Monday between 10 and H a.m.; it was coming through the fence; it was the same fire lie' saw the night boforo. Tlie plaintifl said som'1 timo afterwards to witness, that ho would likely havo to take an action for damages ; ho was not all through the country in question, but what he had seen was all hurnt. To Defendant : I Baw the fire on Kofcs's country, lmt would not swear that another firo had not beon started. There were rabbiters working near wliere the Are occurred ; I crossed tlie cutting to the men. To Hib Honor : It was a medium windy day ; tlio width of tlio: cutliiig wns about 4 feet. The tops of tlio reeds will burn and the reeds will burn right down to tho waters edge. The wind was westerly. William Corhwt, who before being sworn in, asked who was to pay 1. in ex penses, wiw informed by His Honor that that was n matter which he Hlionld have .previously arranged with the paity that summonsed him, but now that ho was in court lie mu--t givo his eviilencp, Di pewd : On Sunday tho 1 Gill September ; I was fishing on tho bink of tlio river with another man; when I first saw the fire it wiir then in Ross's paddock ; I ,saw tho defendant nerore tlio hroniiout £ til Ihentte noon ; ho wiib riding through the liorsn pnd \- dock ; shortly afterwards I. saw a fire in the jioise ph'idnolc ; it 'started about 300 yanls' from the rivpr in the horse jiadiloek ; I'siiw defendant somo time . Hftnrwardfr; lie said '?Iiinr very soitv.T set fire to Dougnid Cameron's place;' I should Ray' about 400 to 000 acres were destroyed,' ' ' : :? To Defendant : Tho wind ;wi»s about due 'south 'at that time The river was verv liighe about 3 feo' frrin'r tho top of tho Itnhk ; I have paid my, own ex lienses sinoo the fire took place ; T said t'irro wdl be a ^o id firo. to nigh t ; I was acroBR'the otiiiiiig that morning; 1 was on the iilniuiiff'u aide of the uuiiutiy ; i tlon'i usually set tiro to log- i to destroy rabbits, I generally uso u wire; T romniued fishing till 5 o'clock, about three hours after I wnv you ; the wind would take the fire over tho cut ting; the wind changed to tho west afiorwards. To His Honor : I Raw tho firo on going homo in the evening about 7 o'clock. Dugald Cameron, tho plaintiff in rasp, deponed : ' I am a selector and resido at Grassmero near Tori; tho de fendant's country adjoins mine ; I was in Bnlr.imild on the 16tli of September .1,,. ir,.;,i.,„ t Formation by the mail that my paddock lutd beon burnt. Tlio defendant called upon me in Balranald and said ho whs sorry to hear of my paddock being burnt, 'lint that he had just lit a firo in n clump of cumbungi to burn some snakes and rabbits out, and had no idea that the fire wonld spread ; I said I had received word from homo that tlio wlioleof tho paddock was burnt, and that. I was going homo by tho morning's coach; wo travelled up by tho same coach and during the journey defendant made some referenco to the fire ; after arriving at Tori there was a further conversation took placo about the fire; he said that ho had gono down to the paddock after the firo started, about 10 o'clock, anil again on tho following morning ; about 4 o'clock on the follow ing day I met defendant removing some horses from his paddock ; I went CIOSO lip lO lliu ILMIUI: aim lemvuu several posts burnt ; he said ho did not know what ho was going to do as ho was very Rliort of grass for his stock, the only' thing-lie could do was to give me the uso of Ross's paddock for my stock, nnd that lie would repair the fence ; I fold liim I wonld go down through tho paddock and seo what damage was dono ; I saw tho grass was all destroyed, about 640 acres ; I also formed a good idea of tho fencing de stroyed — about L10 worth. On tho following Monday I saw defendant ; we had beon pioking my sheep out ot his in tho yard ; I said I would be Rutipfied with his offer, but asked for how long he would give mo tho uso of tlio paddock ; he said I could havo the uso of it for six months if I gave him my paddock for six months ; I said a shorter time would do mo, nnd that 1 did not coiiRider it fair on his part to nRk for tho use of mine ; there was no water in the paddock he was to let me have ; I said I would coiiRider over the mattor, and on the samo day I come back to defendant's place, but lie was not at home ; I saw him tho next day, when he snid that the paddock ho was offering to me was more suitable for mo than my own and also suggested tliat we should draw up an agreement ; in tlio afternoon lie camo back, hut in the meantime I went through tho pnddock ho offered mo and found it very lightly grassed, swarming with rabbits, and no water in it; I asked him if lie had brought over an. agreement ; he Baid '' no you oim write it out yourself' ; I told him if ho gave mo one month's grass for my Rtock, and repaired the fence I would bo satisfied, to which lis replied that he could not give me the grass; I (hen told him that I would ? havo to rent u paddock ; I then had a search for some country, ond got u paddock, but had to take my Rtock to water evprv dav : I afterwards canie into Balranald and wrote to defendant, asking him if he would accept certain 'terms proposed in.it ; I got no written reply to that letter ; the defendant came up to me in tho township after wards. and Biiid that he had received my lettqr, but could do nothing in tlio matter, and that if I thought I -could do anything by going to law I could do so ; my. claim for damage dono is as follows— grass burnt, L27 16s. re pairs -to fonoe, -L9 8h. ; rung timber' burnt and fallen, L12 16s. : in all L50. ' : ' To Defendant : There was no con sideration mentioned in the fiist offer. To Counsel':' I received no notice fr -m defendant.; - : - ? This olosed the ^evidence for the plaintiff. : - '. For. ; tho Defence the first witness called was John Edmonds who deposed: I was fMiiiig on the river on Sunday, 16th September; I saw a firo burning about south-west from whore I was standing ; tlio wind was blowing very 'strong, nnd the fire was travelling very faBt ; I first saw the fire after dinner ; I stopped there to within about an hour of sunset j tho fire did not cross ovor the cntiing ; I am working near whoro the fire occurred ; I saw Pearson and Johnny Morris in the paddock that day ; I am positive the fire did not enter into plaintifi's paddock ; the cut ting was I Bliould say, 150 to 200 ydB long. To Counsel :-Tliere -whb a smoulder ing log whon I loft the firo, still burn ing, but it was 100 yards. fro|ii the out ting. (Thoro was somo difficulty ex perienced with this witness in fixing the exaot position of the cuttings (two in number), tho direction of the fire, and tlio wind, and also tho difference between a cutting, a drain, and a oreek, | and it was somo timo beforoevon plain tiff's Counsel could grasp the exact situation and position, causing no end of iimuKoment to tho largo crowd as sembled at the courthouse). James Dunne, laborer, Tori, deposed : On the Fi ids}' after tlio fi e occurred, 1 wiib trying to put it out by niyi-elf ? 1 tliink ' the' fire camo in from Paika ; tlipre was not inncli burned on tho Monday ; T was down in the pnddock, nnd plaintiff'-' sons' wpre with mo ; ono -i-f them Raid ' smiiethilVg a bruit set ting fire to lhe reeds whero nu were,] and 1 uilil liim that if ho did I would mako it warm for him ; I went out and loturiicd in about an hour, when I found tho whole place in flames ; I had charge of tho stock in tho paddocks ; in duo paddock there wero 799 sheep ; lliero wero other fires both on Yanga and Paika sides; tho wind was blowing about s-oinli or south-west. To Defendant : I believe tho boys set fire to tho place, but did not spe them actually sot firo to it. To His Honor : Tho wind remained in tho south-west until after I went to bed. Alick Watson, doposod : I aro a coach driver on tho Balranald to Hay lino ; I saw Dugald Cameron give Cor bett a cheque at tho Paika' Creek hotel. Coibelt was recalled, and questioned by His Honor as to position of river, wind, fire, and cuttings, but failed to put any further light on tlio matter, and in rpply to a qupstion by defen dent, said that he saw 8 sheep burnt in the paddock. This closed the evidence for tl o defe-ic. The defendant wished to read a statement lie had written out, but His Honor said that cny statement ho wished to give, must bo given verbally, and lie could not allow liim to go into the witness box and read it. Plaintiffs counsel then add-e-sed the Jury in a few words, pointing out that there really was r.o defence in the case, the defendant not having in any way contradicted the statement that ho had Rtartcd the fire, and that he even acknowledged it, by trying to arrange a settlement with plaintiff, so that ho could not see (hey could do any thing else than givo ii verdict fur the plaintiff. The defendant read the state ment of facts he had prepared, also re ferring to his own knowledge of fires as a buBhman, and what great care he took in matters of this sort to seo that thpre wns no danger. His Honor then summed up, taking the ovidenco as given aud laying . it clearly and emphatically before tho jury. He resohed the matter into two points: (1) Were ti.pjury of opinion that the defendant had. set firo to tho plaintiff's country. (2). If so, to assess tho amount of datuago done and loss to the plaintiff. The jury retired for a quarter of an - lioifr to consider the evi dence, and on returning to court the -foreman (Mr. Beaty) read the finding as follows : — That the defendant did set firo to tho reeds ; that in Retting fire to such reed--, no carelessness was shown by defendant ; we find a verdict, for the plaintiff for £15 damages, made up as follows : £10 for repairing fence, and £5 for rent paid by plaintiff for grass. [Owing to some of the witnesses .not giving their evidenco as distinctly att others wo missed some of the evidence given.] Boynton v. Linnett— for. amount duo £62. Mr. DawRon, -Crown Proaebutor, appeared for the plaitltiff. The defendant was oxamiiiod by Mr. Dawson as to the debt, which was for stores, -fco. There was a counter claim £60, for 'car'tago of' posts, ifcc., to Youiil Plain aud Box Creek Tanks, which were, being fenced in by W.' L. Meredith (whoso orders the plaintiff had guaranteed to honour.) Winitred Linnett deposed that the plaintiff had written to her father agreeing to honour all orders drawn by W. L. Meredith, who had tho contract for fencing in the Box Creek and Youiil Plain TntikR, also asking if the defendant would take the amount out in goodR, to which her father had as 8ented. Did not know what bad be come of plaint ifFtf letter. F. Boyson was examined, but did not throw any light on tho onso, us ho had been engaged by defendant and not by Meredith to cart part of the posts. T. H. B-iynton (plaintiff) deposed that, Meredith having a contract with tho Government, lie had gono security for iiim.and had also guaranteed )iay ment of all orders, drawn by him, to Linnett for cartage of posts, dfce. Ho had just hoard of claim on July 19 h. Had Been defendnnt ofton, luit nev ir had said anything about suing. Be had no idoa of owing £60 to defendant until he received tho account. W. L. Meredith deposed that ho did not employ Linnett. The defendant hnd offored his servicos. Did not know who paid defendant; ho ilid not, and the work had not been completed, defendant's agreement being a verbal ono, the rato even not being specified nor the timo to complete tho cartage. Defendant hnd only carted 2,200 posts. Had to engage others to cart balance at heavy rates owing to tho want of water on tho road. Ho would havo paid defondant by vouoher if ho had finished tho contract. The stuff was all ready for carting. . To defendant : Told you the distance to cart was about 16 milos ; did not engage Boyson to cart nor, pay hiin ; did not stay nt Linnott's hotel three or four day's oncli week doing nothing. To 1Kb Honor : Would have been nbln to enrry out contraot with a profit had dofondant carried out his; the loss would fall on him eventually. Defendant had told him that he had a letter from Mr. Laycook of Magonta. saying he (dofondant) could not cart posts throogh Magenta. Defendant (to His Honour) : Nevor signed contraot that bo had to have the foncing material on the ground in 3 months; know Meredith's contraot with tho Government wns for tliroo months. Could prove tho distance to oart wai» 22 miles instead of 16. Meredith (to His Honour) : Did not toll defendant that wlien one tank wne fenced-in ho need not cart any more. Boyson (re called by llis Honour) : Meredith had told liitn that defendant would not curt .any more. Verdict for plaintifl, with costs, less £2 paid into court. ITolloway,s Ointment and Pills. — Diseases of tho Bowels. — A remedy which lute boen tested mid proved in a thousand different ways, c.-ipablo of eradicating poisonous taints from ulcers and healing them up, merits a trial of its capacity for extricating tho internal corruptions from tho bowels. On rub bing Hollowny's Ointment repeatedly oil tho Hbdoninn, n rush appears, and as it thickons tho alvine irritability sub sides. Acting ns a derivative, this Ointment draws to the surface, releases tho tendor intestines from all ncrid matters, and prevents infl-immntion, dysentery, and pileR, for which blister ing wns tho old-fashioned, though riio rossful treatment, now from its pninful n -ss fallen into dissnsp, the discovery of this Ointment having proc'aimed a remedy possessing equnlly derivative, yet perfectly painlo-is, powers. 