NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, Sunday. The police have obtained a clue to the mnrderers of the man Staoleton, whose body j was found horribly mutilated near Armidale, and they are now on the track of the sas-1 pected persona At the Wesleyan Conference to-day Tongan ] church affaire were discussed at great length, and the recommendation of the Victorian1 Conference with regard to a settlement of ] the difficulty waa fully considered. The Rev. J. E. Moulton made a long statement, giving I fall particulars of the state of the church in the islands, and strong speeches were made | upholding the Tongan Wesleyan Church and | Mr. Moulton. The debate was adjourned. The steamer Whampoa arrived to-day from | Hong Kong, and was ordered into qnaran tine. The Whampoa landed the chief officer and a Chinaman' who were suffering from ] small-pox at Port Darwin on the 19th insh, and although there have been no farther symptoms of the disease since leaving that port, it is probable that the vessel will not he granted pratique till 21 days have elapsed from the landing of the patients. The Board of Health will meet to-morrow to con sider the matter. A shocking murder is reported from Armi dale. A stranger, who recently took out a I miner's right, and went out to Hiltston on { Wednesday, was discovered with his head bat tered in, and bis throat cut, the body being covered with leaves. The man, who it is supposed had money, was about 50 years of age, and the name on the miner's right was John Stapleton. SYDNEY, Tuesday. A man named Grace has been arrested on J suspicion of having murdered John Staple- j ton near Armadale. Circnmstantial evidence is said to point very strongly towards the j prisoner as the perpetrator of this brutal murder. A large number of forged notes on the Bank of New South Wales, the Commercial j Banking Company of Sydney, and the Ans- ] tralian Joint Stock Bank are now in circula tion. Destructive bush-fires have been raging in the Wagga district during the last few days. Fifty square miles of grass and a great deal of j fencing has been burnt. Among the prin cipal sufferers are Messrs. A Davis and M'Cormick, Fisher, Shannon, and DenniB, J. Mackay, S. Davis, G. Power, Woods, Gil tnour, and Mackay and Copeland. Mr. C. J. Smith (protectionist) and Mr. Joseph Abbott (freetrader) have been nomi-1 nated for the seat in the Assembly for New town rendered vacant by the death of Mr. F. J. Gibbes. The disposition recently Bhown by the rail-1 way authorities to increase and extend the ! Sunday train services has directed attention to the wbole question of Sunday traffic. The ■ Sydney Ministers' Union, at their last meet-j ing, decided as a preliminary step in favonr j of a general agitation againBt Sunday traffic, and that churchgoers should be appealed to ] not to patronise public vehicles on Sun day. The affairs of the Wesleyan Church at' Tonga were discussed at the Wesleyan Con ference to-day. The debate was carried on at great length, and considerable vigour waa infused into the speeches.- It was decided bjr substantial majorities that the Conference' could not consent to withdraw from Tonga, and thus abandon a-people who had'been loyal to the church, nor could it consent to any attempts being made to compel them to unite with the free church. Further, the Conference .expressed, deep sympathy with] the Rev. J. E. Moulton, and recorded its<j utmost confidence in him' as one who bad done honour to the churCb. It was decided: that, despite the opposition of the King,ihe' desire of (he Friendly islands district meerihg j for re-appointments tp the Tongan Church { should be granted. SYDNEY, Wednesday. The Board of Health, to-day decided to keep the steamer Whampoa in quarantine1 nntil 21 clear days after the date of her de partnre from Port Darwin. The board has, been advised that the steamer Tainan has just arrived at Port Darwin with five cases of small-pox aboard. Great consternation has been caused in Bathurst by a report that rabbits have op peared in the district News comes from the Solomon Islands that Captain J. H'Don aid, formerly of tbe schooner BeUe Brandon,' died from tbe effects of a dynamite explosion. early in December. He was firing at fish, when. .a charge prematurely exploded, and blew, off his thumb, -which penetrated his side. Xfie eknll was also fractured. \- i The progress Teport of the chief inspector of stock tarnishes a splendid example pi'Abf, reeonccas of the colony under' favourable oonditaons. The number of stocjc in'jthd Colony on January U was a* follptrit. Horse»,*888,149, or an increase of 27,486 dating of 218,284; sheep, 4&,88J&9, oranfncrpase »• affairs of the Wesleyan Church in Tonga were again discussed at some length. It was proposed, with a view to some extent of mollifying the King, who objected to the connection of the church with the New South Wales conference, to transfer the Tongan district to the control of the New Zealand conference; but the motion was negatived, and the whole matter was allowed to drop. A movement is on loot among the leading pastoraliats to kill cattle at the principal country railway stations, and to have the meat frozen and sent to town in a chilled state as required to supply the market It is ex pected that by this means the great expense now incurred in the carriage of stock by railway to the city markets will be partly obviated. SYDNEY, Wednesday. Mr. Playford, the Premier of South Aus tralia, and the other Ministers of that colony now in Sydney, had a conference with Sir Henry Parkes to-day regarding Beveral matters of intercolonial interest The sub ject of the status and terms of appointment of the agents-general in London, which was discussed with the Premiers of Victoria and Sonth Australia during Sir Henry Parkes'a recent visit to those colonies, was again con sidered, and it Was generally agreed that some new arrangements should be made for limiting the term for which the agent-general should be appointed, so that the occupant of the office might always be familiar with the existing condition of affairs in the colony represented. The subject of federal quaran tine was also introduced, and it is probable | that as a result of the discussion action will shortly be taken for the establishment of federal quarantine stations at King George's Sonnd and Thursday Island, which will prac tically command the two great sea routes to Australian ports. The question of rabbit destruction was also considered, but nothing definite was done. It was hoped that Sir Henry ParkeB might have been able to discuss several matters of | importance with Mr. Gillies during the recent | visit of the latter to Sydney, but the health of the Victorian Premier was so indifferent that be was obliged to return to Melbourne earlier than was first intended. ISYDNEY, Thursday. i An old convict named Francis Madden was committed for trial this morning for a savage attempt to murder a constable by stabbing him in the stomach with a pruning knife. The prisoner was one of the unem ployed at Camp Bay. Lady Parkes, the wife of Sir Henry Parkes, the Premier, died early this morning, aged 75. TINTALDRA, Wednesday. The Weleeagang homestead, opposite Tin t&idra;, the property of Messrs. A Paton and Sons, was totally destroyed by fire lost night The fire originated in a bedroom through a child dropping a lighted match. No lives were lost hut very little of the property was Baved. The damage is estimated at about £500, and the property was uninsured. WILCANNIA, Wednesday. The remains1 of a. man have been fonnd between Gilwapa, Yancannia out-station, and Salisbury Downs. The deceased was at a fence within two miles of water when he perished. The body is supposed to be that of a foreigner. Senior-constable Scbweiker, With Mr. Reid, went out to bury the remains at Nipper's Creek. 