NEW SOUTH WALKS. [From our own Correspondent.] Sydney, April 26. A boy named Charles Volkhardt was arrested at Forbes to-day, charged with setting fire to the local schoolhouse, which was recently, with its whole con- tents, destroyed. The boy confessed to the crime, and implicated three com panions, the deed having been done in revenge for a caning. In connection with the recent scene in the Boose of Assembly between Messrs. Fletcher and Haynes, when the latter was assaulted on the fluor of the House by the former, Mr. Fletcher has paid £5 into court, which, while acknowledging the offence, he alleges is the fall amount to which he is Indebted to Mr. Hayaes. A return laid on the table of the House of Assembly to-day shows the total value :of improvements efieofeed on Crown Lands to be £4,090,751. iOn Wednesday afternoon Cardinal i Moran entertained about one hundred I prieeta attending the Diocesan Synod at iP&nly; iv celebration of. the completion. of the new seminary there, which ha* been erected at a cost of £170,000. AoV vantage was taken of the gathering to present tiw Cardinal w-th an address and. a money testimonial, ftnuiimtfng to £450* subscribed by the clergy of the &roh;> diocese prior to his departure on a visit to Borne. In view of the danger of the fntrodnc* tlon of the Hessian fly from New Zealand the Government intend to deal with tho subject; la a Bill which is now being pre? pared to prevent the introduction and spread of diseases and pests In the colony. At the Central Police Court to-day Joa. Thompson was fined £100 for being In possession of an illicit atul at Lelchar'dt. Bush'fires are again raging extensively in the Tumut district. The Legislative Assembly today was? petitioned by over 150 merchants ami others interested in trade in this colony, in favor of amending the Trades Hark Act. A Bill for the purpose is to be In troduced to Parliament. Arrived-Cattetthttn, from Hongkong; Lcura, from Melbourne. Arrived—Barrabool, from Brisbane J Adelaide, Wormel, from Brisbane. BaileS —Manapouri, for Auckland ; Bunlnyong, for Melbourne; Altcar, for Sab. Fran cisco. 