CIVIL BIDE. WV1nOr.tDAY, OcTolnCn 21. Iin uhonor took hin roat at ton o'clock. The legal geetlemen present were Mers,r. Pilcher, O. B. Stephen, Clouonn- Close, lReid, Butterworth, and Owen (barrietero), Betts, Davidson, and H. O'Brien of Goulblru, and Parr and Morgan of Qucanboyan (colicitors). rLE V. lOOlleUOl COUNCIL, OF QUIJAN0IEYAN. In this case Margaret Lao (widow) of Quaunbeyan nought to recover from the Quoanboyan borough council £1.000 for damages caused to her property by defeudante constructing Crawford-utreet in that borough. Mr. Colonna-Close, instructed by Mr. Morgan, for plaintiff ; Mr. Pilcher, instructed by Mr. Parr assisted by Mr. Botts, for defendants. Margaret Leo deposed: I have resided in Quean beyan for thirty-five years, and have occupied the same house for the whole time except two years; I live in Crawford-atreot [plan of the town put inj; I own lot 25, situated in Crawford- strcotl; about the latter end of January or beginning of February 1887 the council began to construet Crawford-street; there was no construction previously except a path way we formed for our own convenience; before the street wan constructed its incline was towards Antill street and then towards tile river; the water coiing from behind try property flowed through my garden and we had placed a drain at the bottom to carry it off into Crawford-otrcot to go towards the river; this drain prevented the water from lying on tbo garden; before the construction of Crawford-street the water from Morissete.troet flowed into Crawford etreet and not into the booak of our premies ; the drain was made about thirty yearn ago and was always Ikept clear; up to the coustruction of the road I had no trouble in keeping the water from entering my premises; there was a lor.vy rainfall on the 18th January 1887, just before the couetruc tion of the street, and I suffered no injury thou from the rainfall; either at the end of January or the beginninning of February I saw men begin to draw material from the street near lRutledgo-street on to the street in front of my house, and I saw them working in front of my house ; I have soou Mr. Lawrence Mloune, Mr. J. J. Wright, Mr. Laud, Mr. Bull, and IMr. Nichols speaking to thbo mon; I have lhad a conversation with Mr. Nichols ; as the work was in progress theor was a heavy thunderstorm on a Sunday in March and the water wanhed on to our verandah; Mr. Wilson came and made an opening for the water to run away, and this prevented it from going into the houso; on the 28th October through heavy rain we were unable to get out of the lons o; I went to Mr. Gale and had a conversation with him I also had a converaltion with other gentle. men; I afterwards saw some gentlemen examnining the work in the street; on the 615th November a storm, not an unusually heavy one, fell; that even ing about nine o'clock I went on to my verandah and found Ibat the water was flowing into it ; I put my children into their bedrooms and removed some things for safety; I put bags at the doors to hoop the water out, but it came in and flooded all the front rooms ton inches deep; I was on the verandah until twelve o'clock ; thlio water was in six rooms and all of them furnished; one of them wao a general room and the others woro bedrooms for boarders; I had four boarders at that tiunme; at twelve o'clock I found that the water was receding from the verandah and I wont to the back and found that no ourfaeo water was on the yard; my daughter, my servant, and I then com monced bailing the water out of the rooms back and front; we suoceedod in clearing some of them by four o'olock and I then went to bed; next morning I found water in some of tile rooms and mud in others; the furniture was dirty ; water had washed into the body of a piano, the bedolothes were dirty, a side. board was injured, and several dressoe wlich could not be washed weore destroyed ; papers, deed., and documents wore covered with mud ; the walle are still damp and the paper pooled off ; the boards in soveral of the rooms had to be raised to take the water out ; eome of them were injured in the raining and had to be replaced; damage was also done to some of the firoplahce; two of .the rooms have been rendered unfit for habitation through the water lying in them so long and making the wails permanently damp ; the carpet, matting, and linoleum on the floors were totally dostroyed; the water spread over the garden and some of it remained on it for a month; there were vegetables growing in the garden and they wero rottud; the well was also injured; over a hundred goosoberries in boating and grape vines weore destroyed; I estimate the damage done to the house at £100, to the furniture and wearing apparel at £100, and to the garden at £53; the morning after the flood Dr. Richardson and Meosers. Land and Maoananara came to my house and wont through it; we had a convernation; when Mr. Morgan, my solicitor, returned from Melbourno I naw him and gave him certain inotrue. tions ; in a few days I saw him again and he showed me some letters, amongst which wan the one produced ; after I new the letter I loft the matter with Mr. Morgan; I saw Dr. Richardson ooveral times afterwarde, before the 2nd December last; on that day about tea-time there was a thunderstorm i with the astoltauce of eoveral per, rons I made a barricade along the verandah witlh pieces of iron, bags, and sand; the water wont on to the edge of the yerandah and into thei two rooms previously rendered unfit for use, but no further damago'was donu to the honne; eome porsons who wore in the habit of boarding with me occasionally could not come through the water on the street and I had .to refuse some permanent boarders through losing the two room ; I considered my loss from this was between £40 and £50; the construction was finished in July 1887; the crown of the street lhad bIeon raised four foot in front of the house and higher in front of tlhe garden; a footpath wans nado with a drain; to carry off the water a largo culvert covered in the contra was creoted across the street; at the time of the rain in November the culvert was filled up with silt tand the water bnaked into my premises; after the rains on the 5th November and tbo 2nd December a drain was dug from the culvert towards the river and the culvert was deepened; this furnished an outlet for the water which was previously thrown towards my promises. At this stage the learned counsel on both sides suggested that an adjournment should be granted in order that an endoavonu might be made to have the anotion amicably settled. His Honor agreed 'to this coursei, and said that all along he was of bpinion that the parties should endeavour to come to some amicable arrangement between themaolves. After a lengthened deliberation between the learned counseol, the learned advocates,, and their glioltsi, Mr. Pilohor announeood that the oeqo msiglt be dcon siderod nettled and the jury dioehargod, but .tbe terms wore not mentioned. 1Ag1t V. iYLins. The plaintiff, Michael Nesh of Bungendoro, oulght to recover from Patrick iyloo of the esmo plaoe £100 for ganmageo caused by the negligoent uo of Mir. Pilohar and Mr. Owen, ineltructedl by Mr. Davideon, for plaintiff ; Mr, IRoeid, instrcteid by Mr, I. O'lrioen, for defonda?et, Hnlior.eons(.hln Neolon, stationedl at lungendore, deposed; Dsfendant'e place is five miles from Bung: endoro and Nash's is one mile from Hyloas'; on tbs 15th Marqhl last, between one and two o'cloolk, I saw a largo smoke from a bunh-firo and immediately went in the direction of It; when I came to defend. ant's land I nraw a' large fire sproeading to plaintlIff's land; I went round to a dam on defendant's land and saw where two fires had boon lit a heap of logs had been burnt; the wind wasn blowing from theb weoot towards duefondant's house, which is cast from the dam; plaintiff', land is a littlu more to the south; the wlind was vary high, and the weather was dry; when I was on thoe land a short time previously to the firo theore was a quantity of long dry grass about the dam; I followed the line of fire towards the oitlj .atd. salP dboa ntlant and aman tlbmod Thomas .Pratt trying to boat out the fire; I asked defendant, "who over put this on fire? " he replied, " I don't know;" I then said, " who was working there?" he said, "Pratt and I lit the fires at heb dam; " I said, "that is whore the fire commenced;" he replied," no, it commenced a hundred yards from the dam; "he took me to a tree about one hundred yards from tile firnd said " it was there Ihe fire took place;" he said the fires at the dam had been lit on the previous day; from my knowledge of fires in the bush I believe the fire could have etar ted from a spark blown from the dam; all plaintiff's grass wasn burnt. Edward Edmonds, farmer, deposed: On the 15th March I was travelling from Molouglo to Buncg endure with a team ; when near a damn on defel. dent's place I saw defendant and a woman trying to pat out a bush-fire; I went to their assitance, but we were unable to stop tie fire andi it spread across the road into plaintill's lad ; afterwards I wont to the dam and saw two firos burning thile in trees; the gra ws was thick and dry and a strong, hot wind was blowing. To Mr. Reid: I raw Mr. Me Ciing at tile fire but did not se y to him that tie fire did not coummnes at thodanm, nor did I say that there was no negligence on the part of defendant. William Forsator Rutledgie, grazier, deposed : Albot half.past one on the 1thll March I saw a fire in tmy paddock and wellt to it: next morning I went to the dam on defendant's land and there saw lires in a log, a stump, and a tree; tie tleo was twenty yards away from the running fire and d had not been ont onl fire by it; thie 16th March was very windy ; the?grass within a short distance was long and dry ; durinlg my efforts to put out the fire I nsw aparks carried by tioe wind one hundred yards anod ignite tlie grass; in my opinion the bhush fire originated from the fire at the dam ; it is necessary to leave a man in charge of a fire to prevent it from spreading. To Mr. Reid: Plaintiff is a tenant of mine; the grass and fences belonged to him. Charles Williamson, farmer, deposed : On tho 15th March I saw a smoke at the dam early in the morn ing; about half-ptset eleven I saw a fire and went up to it; it was burning about a hundred yards from this dam and running i I saw a fire at the dam about an hour afterwards; it wa asmouldering; there were sis or seven persons including defendant trying to put the fire out; the wind wan blowing fromn the dam towards the running fire. To Mr. Reid: I don't remember saying anything about precautions being takien at the dam; there had beeoon a ring burnt round the dami; there wore several fires in the district on tile 15th March. Michael Nash (plaintiff), tenant of Mr. Rutledgo, deposed: I saw the fire whbe ten miles away ; I hurried home and found it burning in my placo; I have ninety acres of land leased; there was good grass on the land; it was all burnt; I had 257 s?loep ; I mustered the cloop after thi fire and found fifty. eight missing ; I found five or six dead and I believO the remainder wore driven before the fire and escaped through the fences being burnt ; others were injured by the fire; I estimate my loss on thle heboep at £25, for repairing the fences £30, and the grass £15 ; it was a dry season; I don't know how thie fire origi. nated. To Mr.Roid: eBovonty-five chains of fencing wore destroyed; no one wan interested in the land but myself; I am a bonudary-ridor fr Mr. Rutludgo; my shoop were branded. This closed the evidence for plaintiff. For the defence, William Mlo Clung, farmer and grazior in the Yase district, deposed: I was at a fire on.defendant's place on th 15thll March; the fire was about one hundred and fifty yards from the dam, and was spreading towards tie south; I examined the dam at four o'clock and saw twos logs which were smouldering ; there was a troee a few feeoot away between the logs and dam; it was towards the east; it was not burnilg, and had not been alight for years; tli sap had grown over where the tree had been burnt some years ago; the same evening I had a conversation with Edmonds; I do not believe the running fire was caused by a spark from the logs at the dam; the grass was not good food for cheap; there was inflammable matter lying between the dam and whore the fire started. Charles Ross, storekeeper, F. 8. Falconer, and John Havard gave corroborative evidence as to the fires about tihe dam and asn to the state of th treeo. Thomas Pratt, in the employ of defendant, de posed: On the 14th March, a calm day, defendant aet fire to a log and stump at the dam; I was cleaning out thie dam; next morning we packed up the fire; there was no wind then; about half- past ten tise wind rose; I continued to olean the dam and throw a quantity of clay on the burning log; we also burnt a strip of grass around the dam four yards wide; about twenty minutes to twelve, while I was working in the dam, I saw a fire start about 150 yards from the dam and eouth,east of it ; I did not seeo how tbs fire originated ; we endeavoured to put the fire out, but failed. To Mr. Piloher: I gave evidence at the Bungen dore police court in a ease against defendant ; I will not undertake to say that I did not thou any "that defendant built up the fires at nine o'clook on tire morning of the 15th Match; that tbo fires burnt up brightly, that the wind rose at ten o'clock; there was a little wind before that hour." John Gillipan, Georgo Gala, and Frederick Archer gave corroborative evidence as to the place at which the running fire originated and as to the grass being burnt off around the dam. At a quarter-past five the further hearing of evi donoa for the defence was postponed till next morn ing. The case Sandercoos v. the Australian Mutual.In. vestment and Building Company for £10 interest on a fixed deposit has boon settled. The court adjourned till ton o'clock this (Thurs. iday) morning. 