THE CLARENDON- WANTABADGERY FIRE. (By One Who Was There.) ' An extensive bueh-firo broke out near tho boundary of the Wantabadgery and Dollar -Vale estates on'the morniug of Monday, the 30th ult. A number of willing hands mustered in very quiok timo to the seeno of tho conflagration, but notwithstanding all their efforts a considerable time had elapsed before tho fire was got under. At . nightfall, w^en about .'.fifty men had as. eembled, the flames wore'subdued. The hills around were lit up by 10,000 fires as if in com memoration of the ' centenary ' of our great and glorious colony. Watch was kept on the fire, whioh, though extinguished as far as the grass was concerned, blazed from trees and logs till morning when an attompt to quenoh a quantity of the burning debria on the edges of the tiro was made; but while this was going on a spark was blown beyond the trail into the ad joining grass, whioh immediately ignited, and in spite of most determined resistance on tho part of those who were watohing, outwitted human strength, and roarod and raved along at a pace that would vory easily beat Grand Flaneur's record for the Melbourne Cup. All hopes of overpowering 'Blue Blazes' were now abandoned, and the pluoky fellows who worked so well for a time now bogan to ' cave in.' Meanwhile the day had advanced into evening, and ono by one fresh men wore putting in an appearance until between 40 and 50 had arrived when another attempt to burn n trail was made. Eagerly everyone watched the process. In half an hour's timo the roaring flames were silenced to a very great oxtent. Everyone looked atone another with the ewoet and triumphant smile of viotory lurking about his face. There was time to draw one's breath ; but lo ! how uncertain are the pleasures of this world f Oue glance behind to that portion of the fire which was left in comparative safety, revealed how futile were all our endeavours. A terrifio whirlwind broke out on tho extreme edge of the fire, and whirled along into tho unburnt grass, causing tho fiamos to ascend to the height of 20ft. A race for life was now begun, but fortunately tho whirlwind altered its course into tho ground which was al ready burnt, and without muoh difficulty tho fresh fire which it caused was boat out. This was no sooner accompliahod than a terrible sound, as if tho trump had beon sounded for the last time, broke on the gallant baud of workers. It was not thunder, for there were no clouds in the sky. My theory is that it was caused by eleotricity, as it, strange to say, like its pre decessor, started on tho edge of the fire and : passed along, lighting tho grass as it went, till it came to a dam, on whose water it had the i strangest effeot I ever witnessed. The moment it struck the water the fluid rose in the shape of a tube about 8ft. high, ejecting smoke as it whirled around till it camo to the opposite bank, in which it disappeared. After this strange ocourrenco no fresh out breaks took placo, and the fire, after destroying about 4000 acres of grass, was put out. How it was started no one exaotly knows, but this is certain-— carelessness had more to do with it than anything elso. 