NEEDLES= "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Cricket. Theatre. Two Pooh-Bahs. Shaw-Lefevre threatens. A big crowd on the Oval. " Iechyd da, Syr Edwin." Admiral Tryon promoted. Last night of "First Class." Bush^fires in New South Wales. Petroleum discovered at Mudges. Lord Loftus pays S3, in the pound. Some good wire-walking last night. Major Gordon, acting commandant. What has the Federal Council done? Sir Herbert Sandford returning to London. Mr, H. Dawson coming out for Gumerftchi. Mr. McMinn ha3 had enough of Booroo'oola. Next Federal Council to ba he'd in Hobart. The Advertising Company declare a divi- dend. Dublin confers honors on Home Rule cham- pions. The Broken Hill is richer than was the Com stock. Tommy Hudson still running at Garner's Rooms. Sir Edwin is getting congratulations from all quarters. Two leading jockeys at home have baea suspended. The abortive session of the Federal Council has closed. Your income tax return must ba in bafora February 2. The Albert bells made merry on the mayor's knighthood. Sir Herbert writes a letter of thanks to Sir S. Davenport. Tram cars on the Walkerville line want a little cleaning. Over 20 members of Parliament have ske- daddled to Sydney. Mr. Thurean, F.R.S., urges us to prospect our ironstone outcrops. Shaw's team did not do much against the " interiors" at Bourke. Adelaide shareholders in the Pinnacles Tributes are indignant. The Engineer-in-Chief's application for leava of absence is postpoaed. The Imperial Government won't subsidise the Antarctic expedition. The National Rifle Association regret the de parture of General Owen. Those two 'Exhibition knights do manage to scratch e«oli other's backs. Ha3 car SO on the Walkerville line ever been cleaned since it was made? Pasteur's plan for getting rid of the rabbits ban again proved successful. The curate who murdered his vicar in Suf- folk has been declared insane. Dirty tram car3 and dirty conductors are scarcely pleasant to passengers. The Pope steering between the English Government and the Home Rulers. Sir Henry Parke3 denies that he has his eagle eye on the Agent-Generalship. ""The Govfrnment Geologist of Tasmania has a great opinion of the Broken Hill lode. Lord Charles Beresford is to be succeeded as a Lord of the Admiralty by Admiral Tryon. Mr. Coles is trying to get the Tasmanian Government Geologist to report upon our northern discoveries. The Parliament of Brazil is now considering a Bill providing for the final stages of emanci- pation, and it will pass. Cabmen, drapers, publicans, ship agents, jewellers, and hospital boxes benefited by that robbery at Henley Beach. Strikes have penetrated even to the Vatican The choir boys and acolytes in St. Peter's have stxuck for an increase of salary. A witness in the Police Court yesterday said that being cross-examined by Lawyer Smith was worse than driving a tramcar. Mr. Smith was virtuously indignant whan a boy witness sa'"d that he saw a number of toverS'gns in a female prisoner's bosom. All of the immense amount of property which the Catholic3 are now adding to thoir possessions in Rome is to be used for schools. The Commissioner of Crown Lands and the Commissioner oi Public Works are the members of the Government in South Aus- tralia. The 26th of January, the foundation day of the Australian Natives' Association, is to be a national holiday throughout the whole of Australia. Every trace of the Colorado beetle has been destroyed in Germany by the timely use of disinfectants and tilling of the fields in which the pest appeared. Marie Antoinette's famous necklace of pearls, which went round her neck in 16 strings, is now for sale at the shop of one of the principal jewellers in Berlin. A tapestry recently exhibited in London is supposed to have been worked by the Con- queror's wife. It contains over 1,521 figures and is over 800 years old. It was arranged that a library of Roman Catholic books, produced in Great Britain during the last 50 years, should be presented to Pope Leo XIII, on the occasion of his jubilee. At Tours a man minding a printing machine was alarmed to see a lioness, which had escaped from a menagerie, enter the room, walk up to him, and quietly lick his hand. Mdlle. Liria, of Hengler's Circus, has edu- cated her trick horse to a pitch of almost human cleverness. He sits down to table and after his meal refuses to pay the waiter. Table knives not in constant use may be kept free from rust by putting them in a case containing quicklime. The blades should be covered with the lime; but it should not touch the handles. Dr. Doremus says that the lightest tissues can be rendered uninflammable by dipping them in a solution of phosphate of ammonia in water. It will be found impossible to set the fabric so treated on fire. The number of men in the armies of Europe on the peace footing is over 3,000,000 and on the war footing between 10,000,000 to 11,000,000. The cost of European armaments is estimated at about £420,000,000. Whitbread & Co., the well-known brewers of Chiswell-street, Finsbury, London, have presented to Professor Liversidge, of the Sydney University, an engine 102 years old and of historical note, for the Technological Museum in Sydney. A magnifying lens which is flat on both sides has been made at Jena of a new optical glass introduced by Professor Abba. The density of the disc varies in such a manner that the re- fractive power is changed in the same way as by the curvature of an ordinary lens. Professor Mallet has analysed the ash from the volcano of Cotopaxi which fell over the surrounding country on July 23, 1885. He has found it to contain one part of silver in 83,600 parts of mineral dross. This is said to be the first discovery of silver in volcanic dust. What has been hitherto supposed to be an extinct geyser, named Te Wirou, in the Rotorua district (N.Z.), famous for its hot springs, quite recently threw up boiling water to a height of 200 feet. With this stream was a large quantity of eyeless fish, ready cooked by the sudden outburst. In 1885, the first year of the existence of the divorce law in France, the number of divorces pronounced for people living in Paris alone was 1,242. The number of divorces of Parisians pronounced during the last 12 months was far from being so large; though the total was the considerable figure of 488. Prince Louis Ferdinand of Bavaria, cousin to the late king, has just received from the University of Bologna his diploma as doctor of medicine. He already holds a similar degree from that of Munich, and frequently practises his profession in the hospital of the district in which his residence is situated. Farthings are still in use in England, though to such a limited extent that a member of the royal commission on gold and silver was ignorant of the fact, until informed during an investigation a short time ago. They are used chiefly in buying papers at trade prices, whan quarter-fractions of a penny come into use. Printed matter may be copied on any paper of an absorbent nature by dampening the sur- face with a wet solution of acetate of iron and pressing in an ordinary copying-press. Old writing may also be copied on unsized paper if wet with a weak solution of sulphate of iron mixed with a simple solution of sugar syrup. The Maharajah Holkar has had the courage to subscribe 500 rupees to the Rukhmabai De- fence Fund. Considering how strong a feeling (says the Times) exists against any interference with the time-honored social institutions in India, the Maharajah has shown that he meians to judge for himself on this as well as on other matters. 