.STOCK MOVEMENTS. (?„? Barringun corrcspondeut Aviites, under date ^SffTiustaut — 'Die following stocks passed through here yesterday. 4S0 fat cattle owner J. Jen kins t-4. from Mongalore station l-ound for llourkc, j. Cadgoar iu clinrgc, aud to-ilay passing 5500 fat sliecp from Bnri-auhilla Station, owners Cohl) aud i'^ lumii.1 for Bathurst. W. Kitznataick iu charge lfusincss very dull. Weather pleasant. RklDOK -CROSSINGS. Tlic following are the crossiugs at the Darling J.i-idcc, North lk-urke for tbe week eudiu« ISth J-'cljruiry. -On the 14th. 980 cattle from llavens wootl, travclliug S5outli for sale, A. Broad owner, James Ledgcrwood iu charge, J. Anderson and Co , agcuts. (5G from Uourke to Actou Hill, AV. Wyatt owner in charge, 115 from Weilmoringel to Bourke, W. £. MciliUeu laud Ck)., -owners, W. Robins iu charge. ISth, 13S0 from Richmond 3)owus, travelling for sale, J. and W. Christain owners, C. ChUlcott iu charge, J. Andcrsou and Co., agents. 332 from Norley to Sydney. F. \\\ - Annyta^e owner, J. Cowan In charge, J. Anderson and Car agcute. Total cattle 3073. 13th S21 sUeep from Melton to Sydney. A. S. Uurchcr owner, R. C. Moore in charge, Wilkiusou and lavender agents. 1«Jj 1313 from Mu.lall -to Joseph Murphy's Homestead Lease, J. Murphy owner iu charge. 10,000 Carringtbn Park to Buna Buna, Burrows Bros, owners, i\ Crisp in charge. ICtli. 3Gt from Nocaleche to Boinkc, flhos Hug gins owner. P. Buckley in charge. IStli. 7000 from PeriUa v- Tariou, W. N. Willis owner,'.!'.-- Brad- ford in cliarge. Total Sheep 19.49S. 543 bales wool. At Forlws (says the Times) Some fine rain fell in the early part of the week, the total register giving 2inchcs 2 points. Since then it has been fine, the days clew and bright iaud the nights' 'pleasantly cooL Although the late rains will cause grass, where bush fires have beeu bencfitting especially, the fall has notyjecu sufficient for fanners to com meuce ploughing operations, and au inch or two below the surface the ground is still hard and dry. The country looks well aud stock generally arc iu good condition. At Cuiinamulia (says the : Exprcas) the weather, during the past week lias' been very pleasant The town aud district havebecu favoured with some very serviceable thunderstorms, and ou Sunday last a fall of 45 points was registered. The rain seems to have been pretty general, all parts of the district rcapiugilie:l-enefit. ???:-. . ..-. ?- At Nyngau (says the Mercury) we have had very tantalising, weather during.the week.- -, Fierce heal some days followed by thunderstorms and cold nights, Glass is getting scarce the old heavy thick growth choking the young sprouts and pre venting the stock from getting at them. The rain fall for the week has been— 13th 35 points ;. 14th,' 89 points ; 16th, 31 points; 17tb, 5 points ; Total 1 ? inch 01 points. We could take more were it only general aud not as in this case merely local. At lke-varrina (says the Exprets) during the past week we liave had some very nice ^showecs, aud a, little over two inches have been'registcred for the past ten days We arc now well supplied with grass and water, and arc justified in our belief, tiiat we can safely tide over the next shearing. Thanks to the ram we have had no bush-fires. 