COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, March 14. Dion Boucicault, the well-known actor, was sued in the County Court to day by Mr. Edwin Lester, actor, for £54, damages for wrongful dismissal. A verdict was given for the defendant. W. S. Griffin, an accountant of the Richmond branch of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bunk, was sus pended last week owing to alleged irregu larities in his accounts. Since then he hasdisappeared,andgravedeficiencies have been discovered, chiefly brought ab >ufc by manipulation of cheques. The police have the matter In hand. Griffin is married. The Queen's College, built by the Wes leyan denomination, and affiliated to the Melbourne University, was successfully inaugurated today with considerable ceremony. The case against Sydney Jenkins, ex messenger of the Bank of Australasia, charged with stealing a number of can celled bank- notes and passing them Into circulation, was brought before the City Court to- day. The case was not concluded when the court adjourned. The annual autumn show of the R >yal Horticultural Society was opened at Rich mond Park to-day. The show is an ex cellent one. Edward Hopkins, of Colilngwooa*, at tempted to murder his wife to day by attacking her with a carving knife. Some men hearing the woman's cries broke open the door and rescued her sffcer she had received serious wounds. Hopkins tried to attack the men, bat one of them pinned him to the wall with a bricklayer's hod, when he was secured. At a meeting of the Harbor Trast to day a proposition was made " That in con sideration of the amount of money al ready borrowed by the trust and the large additional expenditure required for new works a moderate wharfage rate on the exports of the colony be imposed." After a discussion the chairman ruled that the motion was oat of order as it was diametrically opposed to die fiscal policy of the country. The Agent-General has forwarded a telegram to Mr. Gillies, stating that a definite application had been made to the London Commission of the Melbourne Centennial Exhibition on behalf of French exhibitors. The number of applications received amounts to 273. The federal review will take place during the first week of the Exhibition. All the colonies have been invited to take part, but Queensland is the only one which has yet replied, the offering to send a gunboat and some troops. Arrived—Glaacus and Beeswing, from Newcastle; Tartar, from Hongkong. Sailed—Leura, Rock-ton, and Wendoaree, fur Sydney; Gambler, for Adelaide; Cecil, for Newcastle. NEW SOUTH WALES [From our own Cone*pandeat.| Sydney, March 14. Henry Cross, the consultation sweep swindler, appeared at the Central Police Court to day, and was further remanded. A bushfire broke out at Sebasbopol, in the Temora district, last night, and has assumed large proportions. Much grass and fencing and a number of sheep have been destroyed. The polling for the vacancy In the Central Cumberland electorate, caused by the retirement of Mr. Varney Parkes, took place yesterday, and resulted in a majority of 475 for Mr. Nobba, who secured 1,928 votes against Mr. Watkins's 1,453. A disorderly scene occurred last night at Windsor in connection with a boxing contest between Burke, the American, and O'Foggerty. Considerable indigna tion had been expressed at the letting of the local school of art* for the contest. The exhibition, however, was allowed, but while it was proceeding a number of young men roshed the stage and gene rally upset the arrangements The police were present, but refused to interfere According to a return laid on the table of the House of Assembly to-night, the number of Chinese who paid the poll tax in 18S6 was 1,2*4 ; and in 1887. 1798 ; while in these yean 209 and 172 respec tively exhibited naturalisation papers. A communication. has been received from the Agent-General, calling attention to the value of Barcelona v a market for Australian wheat. Mr. A. 6. Taylor, Examiner of Patents, was to-day suspended by the Minister for Justice. It is alleged that while under the influence of drink he was behaving in a very violent manner in bis department. This is the second time Mr. Taylor has been cuspended. Arrived—Gate Acre, from San Fran cisco ; Raneleagb, from Brisbane. Sailed —Eurimbla, for Brisbane; Gunga, for Noumea; St. Lawrence, for San Diego ; Centennial, for Launceston; British Army, for San Francisco. QUEENSLAND. [From our own Oomcpondeat.] Brisbane, March 14. A public meeting was held in the Town Hall last night under the auspices of the Scottish Association to express sympathy with the Highland crofters. Sir T. Mcllwraith presided, and there was a large attendance of members of Parlia ment and leading citizens. A resolution was passed expressing sympathy, and a subscription list was opened, £220 being subscribed In a short time. SirT. Mcllwraith has issued an address to the electors of North Brisbane, in which be strongly criticises the actions of the present Government. In reference to the Chinese question the address states the only remedy for the growing influx is total exclusion, which America has adopted, England being asked to help Australia in its adoption. Sir Thomas Mcllwnith declares himself to be a pro tectionist. A shocking accident occurred at Ipswich yesterday afternoon. A two horse cab, containing the driver, Donald McNeil, bis sob, and two passengers, named Wilson Henry, and his wife, was run into by a train at the level crossing over Brisbane street. Mr. Henry was killed, and Mrs. Henry was badly hurt. McNeil and bis eon were also injured. NEW ZEALAND. (From out own Gomapondent.l Auckland, March 14. On Tuesday night a large fire occurred at Balclutha, a town in the province of Otago (South Island), which destroyed the Athetueum and a store, and seriously damaged the Crown Hotel and adjacent buildings. The insurances amount to £7,000. 