The Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c.; The dry weather still continues, and grave fears are ex pressed regarding the lambing, -which is now in progress. The pastures are very dry and in many places bare of feed. The tanks and dams have but small supplies. Ploughing cannot bo done, and the condition as a whole is far from being satisfactory. ALBURY, Apkil 22. Farmers are crying out loudly for rain. In a few places a etart has been made with the ploughing on old grounds, hut to break up new country just now is out of the question. If rain is soon received it is probable that a large area of new land will hf- lint lidar frrtn The vintage is now fairly over, with, on the whole, tolerably good results. The muscat variety is the only one that has not borne well. BATHURST, April 24. The weather has been unusually fine for some weeks — beautifully genial during the day, and cold at night, and occasionally frosty. Considering that it is so early in the season, we have had a great deal of frost, and a month ago everything thi t could perish under its influence was Destroyed. The continued absence of rain is felt by the farmers, who .find it hard work to get on with their plougli ls?j 1®. fact, work on some farms is at a standstill, and ™ remain so till the ground is softened by a downpour. COOTAMUNDRA, April 21. The continued dry weather is being felt by many residents of the town who are not fortunate in having large under ground tanks. The demand for water -being so great, tho Wer-carters have raised the price of the cask from Is. to s- od., and it is expected thecask.of water will be Is. 6d. More the end of next week. DENILIQUIN, April 21. threatened here several times during the last I m ?!), 'ut it still hangs off in a tantalising manner , a» h ProsPectsi although there is no immediate danger, n i ny no means pleasant. The hot weather of the summer t, ST' an-*' although it is occasionally close, sultry, and tening the clouds clear away, and beautifully clear and \nv ? umn**l. weather follows. Tho pastures are now ftoVi ' i ^ *8 6urPrising how well stock look under in th!TtmvailCes ' ^ere £till a fair supply of water tier I™ l n'i, r'vcr remains ofew inches below sum srinniwVji x 6t°ck passings bv Deniliquin are copfined Th» fff v s,maU local lota for the southern markets, st&tinnf; has commenced on most of the larger tkt a,n 8 returns are satisfactory ; but it is feared cenPMi ence °f succulent food will 'interfere with the rsbliiti, when the marking takes place. Tho aw said to be on the increase in this district. j, . FORBES, April 21. vreeSl w.ee^ we have bad a continuation of last Ihines ml 8Dif usty waatber. No rain has fallen, and buvi 6ri - are jn rather a bad condition. No one The rivm i rain C0ln?s » consequently business is slack. Retail.. ^ i® likely to continue so if we do not UBoihwPi -i . ®res a^ still raging, and the grass left it is liable to catch fire at any moment. ^ GOULBURN, Aphil 24. ^id ®0nt'nue3 diy, and as winter may now be ® fte cm 6 -j? there is no prospect of a fresh growth with 'nknMh-' farmers, however, are unable to proceed *°olabew l on * account, if for no other, a fall if adroug^0ai ? ' ®ome etpekowners appear to be fearful ' ' GLEN INNES, Apkil 23. VeT 's Et'H verydiy ; the gra^s is drying up . ''o'er »« » -! 18 now t°° late for it to spring again before badly jr. .ah eady had several fronts. Farmets are ^eH)adsn« 6°ft«n the ground for* ploughing. Very (jjgjjr® dusty and consequently make travelling e- The maize crop is ripening fast, and ^isamS}11068 husking has commenced. The crop this Present is voi.0?6 w'ere was sown early ; the price at produce, bnt^k « ' as 'ideed it is for almost all kinds of &boat; midnnVf c?rn» and oats will realise good prices Wth th6 ^ the dry weather continues, together , *hie)i has h» e soon be no grass at all. Butter, 1 }lowadvaiir«ifE?«5e''? cheap here all the sumaier, has it any^cg le. per lb. ; eggs are not to be The oo a INVERELL, Aphil 23. ty^i-ationg11 weather has suspended fanning teing j,,.' v ° tar as ploughing is conccrned, the ground ?ceius tok u *0 be worked. The only plough which formed tli ® contend with this drawback is, I am oeeomiu ' siTe - Sulky-' 'Water for domestic purposes is b snort m supplv, as housewives are complaining that the tanks are getting low. However, what is one man s loss .s another s gain, for the vignerons have been enabled through the spell of dry weather to gather in their grapes, and the puUing is now at an end. The corn crop is likely- to be of an inferior character this year, as in most instances farmers will only have a yield of half a crop. KIAMA, Aphil 24. The weather during the past few days has been quite cool. Itam lias been threatening^ bat we have had only a fft' that which took place on Saturday last, when there was about an hour's rain. The ground, however, is so dry and parched that the effects of the rain on that occasion were hardly perceptible. Matters are beginning to look very serious for the dairy farmers, who have forebodings as to how they are going to get through the winter. The natural pasture— that is grasses that grow without special prepara tion of the 6oiland sowing— is disappearing rapidly, and the crops of planters' friend are not nearly so heavy as usual. . -the contractor for tho GeriDgong Butter Factory build ings has made a start at the putting in of the piles on which the main structure will stand. The sinking of a well on the premises had to be abandoned on account of the rush of water into the excavation, which will compel them to wait for steam-pumping power. KIANDRA, April 14. The weather has been very unsettled for the last fort night. On Wednesday week light rain fell all dav, succeeded by unsettled weatber until Saturday night, when a very heavy storm passed over the town, with'a tropical downfall of rain. On Sunday thunder and lightning still lasted all day, with light showers of rain ; the weather then cleared up until Friday last, when hail and a Blight fall of snow occurred, followed that night by intense frost, such as is seldom felt even here. The weather is again fine, with the appearance of still continuing dry. Threshing is still proceeding in parts of Monaro. Mr. E. J. O'Brien, of Berridale, obtained 82 bushels of wheat from less than two acres of land, and Mr. H. Mugridge, of Buckley's Crossing, 375 bushels of wheat from lOj acres of land. A fine mob of horses — 70 in number — left the tableland near the Bogong Mountains (where they have been pastured this summer) on Monday last, bound for the Albury market ; Mr. J . Smith late owner. MOAMA and ECHUCA, April 21. The weather continues very dry, with at present little signs of a change. Farmers are in great straits to get their ploughing done, while the outlook for winter feed is verv bad, the grass scarcely showing above the ground. There has been a slight freshet in the Murray, and the gauge at the wharf showed a rise of about a foot. The river is now above summer level. MUDGEE, April 21. We have had no rain yet, and the country is beginning to suffer severely in consequence. Pasture is burnt up and powdered off with the want of moisture and hot wea ther combined, and the dams and reservoirs are rapidly drying up. Bushfires are still prevalent all round and have done a deal of damage to the feed. Even if rain comes now,_ it would be too late, as, immediately calm wea ther sets in, we shall have frosts which will cut up any young feed springing up before it has gained strength to resist it. The maize crop will now have to take its chance ; no amount of rain would benefit it in any way. Speaking of bush fires, the racecourse stands had a narrow escape of be'ng swept by one last week. The fire had been started in an adjoining paddock by some harehunters, who set fire to a log, in order to smoko one out. They left the log burning, and the fire caught the grass around it, spreading towards the course. It caught the fence, and would have destroyed it utterly, had not 6ome men gathered together and put it out with great effort. PARKES, April 23. The same dry weather prevails, and it dbes not look at all promising. We have now been without rain for over eight weeks, and things are getting a bit dryish. The farmers want rain for ploughing, and the pustoralists, to improve the pasture. There is plenty of dry feed, but little nourishment in it; stock are scarcely holding condition on it. Fires are not done with either ; last week one was burning on Nelungalo, destroying a lot of dry feed. A good fall would dispel all those misfortunes. WISEMAN'S *ERRY, April 23. The days are unusually warm for this part of the year, and tho weather has been dry so long that rain is badly wanUd for soil and tanks, tho latter being nearly all empty. URANA, April 23. lhe weather still continues as dry as ever, without any sign of a change. The consequence is that ploughing, which ought now to be going ahead, is completely at a standstill, the ground being as hard as iron. People arc beginning to dread the recurrence of a dry winter; but still there are no grounds for discouragement, as there is plenty of time for rain ere the winter sets in. The worst feature in the present case is thepersistent southerly wind, with its attendant frigidity, the mercury following every night to 40 degrees and under. Were the wind to change and warm weather to supervene, then indeed rain might be expected. 