THE BUSH-FIRE EPIDEMIO. Thi econeludilng portion of 1888 will long be reomemberod os the most disastrous season that thile fanors of this district have over experienced. Not only have the crops been miserably pool, except in a few isolated instances, but tlhat terrible enemy to the Australian settler-- the Sbush-tire-has been unusually rampllllant for the past few weeks, and in the counl try about Upler Illdigo, Lonloa, and Baranduda, many farutera will be heavy losers. A number of tile settleor in these palrts had saved thllir grass, which is an article of considerable value just now owing to the scarcity of rail, eithler for their own stock or to, rent to owners of the munorous 111obs of cattle driven, for want of food, into this country from1 Now South Wales, lland for which as hligh nas £1 per acro is freely paid. Unfortu natelnyin many case, the wllhole f tile grass they treasured has boon swept away by the fire fiond, together with flncing .and otlher adjuncts to grazilg and farmling. How th?e lires originate is a mystery, but there ca:n be no doubt, thit too, frequently some thullghtess or eril-disposed person has 0it1her carelessly or wilfully thrown Ia match asido, from which no end of mis chief Ihas followed. At T0n1ova suospicion attachles to a certain indllllividual, and it is probable that proceedings will be taken against him. Mr Johnl IMorrison, a settler on HunllI's Hill, llffers sevuerely from it tire; DMr Johnll IMurphy, on tihe opposite sidelo of the road, loses some fencing and grass; and 0 1rs Croak, adjoining, has llad almost all her fencing destroyed. Further nil, ill tile direetionllll of Bara:ndlda \Ir G. Fluon and Mr .T. If. M'Geocht have also been attacked, but fortunatoly thlly have1 nlt sallitred to any material extent. Through out the district generally, the lir1e has beeoon raging, and it is sincerely to be hopped that ,beforo many I'days have passed, thile long-looked-for rain will have paidl us a visit, and extinguished tilhe flames. The tolln is one more cnnl pletoly enveloped in slmoke. A narrow escape from the raging elfects of the fire was experienced at Bonogilla last week. 3fouted-.constable Stewart, of Betlhang, was riding near Foard's welln lhe noticed a fire so0io dis tance away close to the Fluon's Lane line. Tile coltractors' engine had just gone up the line about ten minutes before. As the coullntable aproached thile scone of tlhe c ioflagratinl, h0 li 'covered that it was of greater malgnitlde than 10he a t I re ckoned opon. Ifo tlhorforeo asunnoned. to Ilis aid a number of workenl oIl the linle, and it was only after three solid hours of hard fighting nainslt the devas tating element that tile luames were sub dlued. LHad it not boon for the exertiollns of tilhe constable alnd his party, a great deal of grass and property, including the gatokeepoers's cottage near Foard's, would inovitatbly have been consumlled. Since than we hear another fire broko out, andll the same gatekeeper's cottage was again ill peril, but, t(hanks ti the exertions of uIr W. D. Lees, tile blacklsnitl, tilhe cot tage was once lmor saveud. Fires are raging in the noighborhood of Thlnlogolong and Blungil, and the town of -iranya is reported to 11 surrounded by :flanmes. As tile latter place is situated i' the bush, its position mullst be anilluitted to be one of danger. Our Lenova correspondent wlritoe on Tuesday:--" A bush lire, the equal of which has never before boon soo0n in this locality, broke out at thile head of the Indigo last Wednesday ftoernoon. In a few hours it had trave.led over a great oextoent of country, taking everything before it. Mr It. Simoo's farm, on the table land, hans been totally destroyed-a loss to that gentleman estimated at the least.at £300. In a short time a numlber Iof willing workmen were on the spot, but notwithtallnding every effort put forwlard to stop the flames, tile lire ragedl furiously, and not u'ntil a nuIlbor of sleepless nights to oxhausted workmln had boon e-po rienced, did it give way to the determila tion of the firc-beatorn. The principal losors are :-Messra J. and T. Boyes, E. Ml. Williams, Stevens, anll R. Simon. The fire, as I have before mentioned, started at tilhe head of tile Indigo, and ere .it could be mastered swept across tithe ranges , betvween here anil Yackan danldah, destroying in its headlong Scourse propertiy bh;longing to flessrs "Boyes valued at £O00, comprising a few miles of expensive fencing, with a coln iderable almount of grass, and it was only after great and poersistet exertions on tno part of tile very wrilling workmen, most of whom wor0e disinterested ill the matter, that t1he fire was provent1ed from weoeping over Middle Crook flats, and thereby ruioing a number of our far mermoe. Frnl Mr Boyes' farm it extenldedl down along tile ranges to tile banck of Mr Evan Williams' farm, at which juncture, I am happy to say, it has been tllo *roughly mastered, and not one moment too soon, leaving beihind it many thousand acres of burnt country. The numbeor of mnl who volunteered to ido -their iost amounted to fully thirty, nlnd a numlber of t1hese, Ias I 0aid before, were totally disinterested in tile atiiir; but I am sorry to any ai fewn, who should lhavr boon the most inteorsted, scarcely bshowed themnlsolves. Messres n1yos nld other loser's vis it me, througih your columnus, Mr Editor, to thank thte largo majority of our residents who willingly leolt a helping hand." Anltther corroesplondent writes :--"I learn thalt tn ihe ires ol tile ranllges have S.at last heon circllmnventOld, and it is to be hloped complllletely shldlled. lnfany have l0oon groantolfforcra. Along tile graltest isa Mr Simon, w11n i1ts lost everything oIl 1lis "tabloland " farln, except thile dwll ing hollas, w.hlch lhe, nalided, matnaged to1ave, altlioulli I aIm told it was half • ..dzo1 n tints oln hir,. Mr oyes hIlse :0lso been t 1 heavy lo(oser. O)wili0t to the fires not Iliaving 11on watched I u tllicieolltly during thile nihlt, tihey 1brok1 ?tl. Ilagain, and gelt I3oynd collntrol. Tlilerl 0oomns, silnc0 tires 1have b1ou0 sil froquelo t dorilg tile past lntlllh, to Iiare h101n a wantllt Of nlllity of alctiloll. No one clloli dared1 it n1o000Sar0 to pllt ill n aii ipLIearaiioO 1nnil matters had nliiiiuled liiiensionis lbeyond tile conltrl If tih few nlllllluediLatel ill dnl.ger. (nlle is reported t'l 1 have 0aul, wh001n t0l f III lire, ' Lot 1Ie know when it, gtlls 1it 11 ly p11 11IddIoek.' I trhlnk tlore 1houh| 0a ]law couipolliog .or live mile l to Prnllll1' nOnishnIl as s0IIlI nH a fire i sooI to have 110 lllol'kllll ollt. .A ilre c1uhl thlon Il iot Il n01 er c1n11 rl he ifers noth dlunaeo colnl he done. IFalilio,., thalt, it wonul l1e well that a Iiro l0'i1lde would takke nunlallund and distribut, the help as imloat noeh!ld. The lice wouh hiff horstR, bui, i h110 lul0g R1 llt 1, 1 o11111110 1, tlley have to be ovr'vlwhere0. h'lhr10 0l0coms also Otl111 lbe defect in thile law Ir ltinoi to poIrsonO lilghting ilhOe. I hr1l' olf two ilstancOs of 1ers~os having kindled fire within 20 feot of grass pntddockls, from which the wind might haveI at any moment, taken sparks l and have beon the cansue of inenlculable damnage to property; and yet, because these persons were lear the lires they had in their wanton indifference to public safety chosen to light, they could not he taken in chargo. It is to be hoped that stops will be takent to bring such pIeison within the reach of the law, without having to wait for the country to 1o in a blaze before they can he made amenable to justice." The bush fire which started in Walller's paddock, eUar Albery, whore upwards of 200 acres of grass arud someU fenIcilng was destroyed, appears to have been smonl during in the ranges for smile days, and on Saturday when a south-westerly wind was blowing and the heat was very op pressive, the lire was carried ealong the western sile of the range at the rear of Mr Edumondso's property. IIIIIIns volnetcs of lsmoke arose fronm the fire, and its proximity to the town caused some alarm, par:icularly when it reached the slnonllitof the town, an1d wnas spreading along the top ando down both nideR of the range. At this juncture live or six mtom bler of the Albtry Fire Brigadu engaged Ia cab, and were driven out to the lire, and by diut of mutch exertion they managed to turn the head of the: fire across the rango in timno to prevent it commnulicating with the buildilng of the quarantine station. The fire also (threa tuned the destruction of the fencing sur rounding Mr Eldmtnmdsm's prcilierty, and but for the timely nssistancu rendered by the firemen we would have to record the destruction of fencing a;rl other pro porty. After burning all before it, the fire died out on reaching the country burnedl by the bush lire at the Lavington a fortnight previously. The fire it the IBlack RIange caused the destruction of a quantity of fencing oil the property of MIr I. D. Lankester, and we understandl that great efforts were necessary to prevent it spradling to other hoiliings at the foot of the raung. On Sunday the town was again completely enshrouded by amoke from the Victorian side of the river. 