DISTRICT NEWS. B E N A. (FBOM OUE OWN OOBBESPONDENT.) The name of Beaa is very often represented in your journal, as there appears to be two or three correspondents from the one place. Your Wollongough correspondent has changed his title to Bena," bat rightly he should head hie letters " Euglo." , ^ _ Since my last, Bena has been favoured with beautiful rains—something over one inch— which has given the grass a fresh spring and also extinguished the bush-fires which were raging all around. It appeared at one time as though this run could not possibly escape the flames, but since the rains we feel a bit safer. Babbits are our next trouble, as they have juit put in an appearance on this run. One was caught last week for the first time, which has given the squatters quite a scare, although I don't think it is so much the rabbits that trouble them as the fuss and bother the Government put them to in their useless system of destroying the rodents. It does not pay the rabbit trappers to destroy all the rabbits, as they would then lose a good billet. It is time a different system was introduced to destroy the pest. I believe this station has been paying £100 a year for years towards rabbit destruction, and now one has been caught on the run. If £100 had been spent in self-working traps such as I described in the Banner a short time ago, it would have kept all the rabbits so reasonably clear for the next 10 years on the run as not to be troublesome. Our Government are offering a very large reward for the best method for destroying tha rabbits, and as many persons have already put in claims, and different ideas are embodied io them. I would suggest that the work be commenced at once with the most reasonable methods, and if any of them are Worthy, give a portion of the prize; and when all the colonies have had a chance to compete, then give the remainder and largest portion of the prize tothebest method devised fordestroyingthe pest—that is, if it is worthy—or such an amount as it deserves. By this means the work could be proceeded with at once. My idea of the whole affair is that the Government should find out the best means for destroying the rabbits, and then compel the landholders at their own expense to use it, so as to keep the pest reasonably down. II any landholder has more land than he can look after, he has too much. Every district should have the management vested in it, with either the board or the police to look after it. We seem to have too much of a good thing in the shape of grass seeds, as many sheep are dying in this part. The loss from this cause will be large. . . Selectors are on the increase in this district, several full selections having been taken up the laBt few weeks. Some of the new-comers are from the Wagga district. The squatters don't like it much, as most of them would much sooner see a Bengal tiger ou their run than a new selector. Well, I do heartily sympathise with them, as every slice of their run is worse than the pulling out of a tooth. I suppose I should have been aB bad if I were a squatter. I am still of opinion that the great mistake made in dividing the runs was that the resumed portion was not taken from the squatter and given exclusively to bona-fide selectors. The present system is like {that of a dog having his tail cut off an inch at a time; the loss of every inch makes him show his teeth. It would have been far better to have taken it off at the stump at first, and all war between the squatter and selector would have been at an end. Then, again, it is hardly the thing for a selector to know that he is an eyesore to a squatter when he is seen looking for a piece of land to make his home on a run, although he is only doing his duty and using his lawful right aB a bona-fide colonist, Settlement on the land is a benefit to the State, and by all just means should be encouraged. The selectors are the bone and sinew of the colony—a class that will make the land productive, the yeomen that are not afraid of work, or to defend their land if required. Then let the industrious make themselves homes and be encouraged to settle on the land. A class like this— brown band and a strong hand, A band that can hold the plough. Can sow the land, can reap the land, Can manage and milk a cow; Can wield the axe the whole day long, Can handle the scythe and rake; A brown hand and a strong hand, To work for Love's dear sake. brown hand and a strong hand, A hand that will never shirk i Crank or pullev or wheel or band, Grimy or dangerous work; A hand that can use the hammer, Can handle a chain or brake; A broad hand and a hard hand, To work for Love's dear sake. A firm hand and a strong hand, To hold the guiding rein, A hand with grip and muscle That nothing can tire or strain; lean band, a working hand, hand that is good to take, A hand that is never weary Working for Love's dear sake. A little hand, a brown hand, That can sweep, and dust, and clean; A brown hand with a golden band Running a sewing machine; . A little hand, a brown hand, That can wash and cook and bake, A clever hand, a kind hand, Y- • i'itk Busy for Love s dear sake. E££j|jBThe big hand and the strong hand Xa stronger still if It take; N JMIITIir small hand and the brown hand 1 'Ho busy for Love's dear sake. Then a strong clasp, a long clasp, Till nothing on earth can part The little hand and the large hand Joined by a loving heart! 