MURRURUNDI. William Alford, blacksmith here for twenty-five years, died on Thursday, the Cth inst., after a few weeks' illness. " Old Bill Alford" was well-known as a town clerk, and it surprised those who have so long called him " Old Bill" to discover that he was but forty-six years of age. Deceased left a wife and four children-three sons and a daughter three are grown up, and the fourth a tall stripling. Mrs. Alford is a native of Maitland. Bill began his career as a blacksmith at the Willow Tree, in the days of old Mr. and Mrs. Britten, and when the ancient hostel was a great place of call. There was no better smith in Australia than Alford, and in tho shoeing of horses he was never known to make a mistake ; it is to be hoped that his mantle will fall upon one of his sons. Bill was of a sporting turn of mind, and was Mr. Sol. Cohen's trainer through- out the whole of his racing career in Murrurundi. Residents will remember in how fit a condition Una and Glanmire were always brought to the post. Johnny Alford, a son of the trainer, always rode Victor on the old Glenalvon course. Poor Victor's day of glory is over, and he runs in a spring cart now. I don't think Murrurundi races have ever been quite the same smce Mr. Sol. Cohen removed to Cootamundra. He was the one enthusi- astic sportsman within the town itself, who always had "a bit of blood" in training. When his lovely bay mare stepped daintily out on the street in her clothing, every boy on his way from school would cry, " Here comes Una," and a procession of lads always followed in h er wake. The public knew, too, that Mr. Cohen's horses were always meant to win, and that the faithful trainer's last words to his boy would probably be (like Lord George Ben tinck's) to " make every post a winning post." Well, peace to your memory, Bill ! may you sleep well in your quiet bed. I own to feeling a pang when I think that your honest face shall be seen in our town no more. The river Page has long been dry-a bed of shining boulders, with here and there at long inter- vals a stagnant pool that ill-suffices for the wants of the lean milking cows and goats that straggle about the town. Christmas is fast approaching : to many in onr fair land it will this time be a season of despair. I have been young and. now am old, yet never saw I such a season in New South Wales-barren flats and ridges, yes, bare as a stockyard, dry creeks, and perishing stock. The rain still keeps off till one's heart sinks into one's boots at thoughts of the future, yet certain Sydney papers are offering jubilant thanksgivings because the drought has hrokaii up ! Where, I wonder ? It would take many inches to make any impression now ; the few showers {hat have fallen were sucked up by the dry earth with the hissing sound of water thrown upon hot ashes, and the dust on the streets was scarcely laid. If anything is irritating to the squatter in time of drought it is the innumerable newspaper correspondents, who make a practice of writing or telegraphing instantly they see a few drops of rain fall that t£ 's drought hj^ broken up. A fortnight ago the hills were swathed in a white shroud of smoke, but the bush-fires that raged round Blandford have been extinguished, and the air is clearer though still abnormally hot. On Wednesday evening a meeting was held to prote»t against the removal of the office of P.M. at Murrurundi. Dr. Bell was the chairman. The subject was well discussed. The abolition of P.M. here ia an amusing piece of retrenchment, as not a penny of screw has ever been attached to the billet. Dec. 11,1888. 