sassig. __ Melbourne Gossip. By Mabmion. The delerious excitement of the share market which has prevailed during the last fortnight continues un abated, and, as I am assured by an experienced broker, exceeds the speculative mania of 1871, which resulted so disastrously for a very larsre number of those who were touched by the mental epidemic. Tor that it is a mental epidemic of a very contagious character no one can doubt who watches its svniutoms and is familiar with the incidents of similar disorders in other countries and in former times. All last week the precincts of the Exchange presented the same crowded appearance as the Rue Quincampoix, in Paris, in the year 1720, when thf» hunchback Bombario made a fortune 01 £4000 by letting out his hump as a desk for the use of the agisieurs. Every broker oi1 any note could employ more clerks if he could only find ortke room for them, and they are all coining money. Xew silver-mining companies are launched upon the market almost daily, and the shares are immediately applied for, and there is really nothing whatever to war rant the furore except the large yield of the Brokea Hill Proprietary mine. The other projects are mere possi bilities, like the maritime ventures of Antonio. They may turn out as illusory as the great South Sea bubble in England, or as the Mississippi scheme of John Law in Paris, or as the great railway undertak ings of 1817 ; but no considerations of this kind seem to affect the applicants for allotments of shares and the speculators in scrip ; and so long as there is a rising market all goes merry as a marriage bell. Those who have sold at a profit talk about their good fortune to their friends, and these are emboldened to take a plunge ; and so the fever spreads, like circles in the water. Twice last week the rise was broken, and it looked as if a reaction was about to set in, but the bulls succeeded in rallying the market, so that for the present the crash predicted by cool-headed observers as inevitable is postponed. A curious feature of the mania is that the money which supports it seems to be drawn from reserves in private hands hitherto not suspected or calculated on. There has been no sale of shares in gold mines or investment stocks, and no withdrawal of capital in the shape of deposits in banks, building societies, or other financial institutions, at all commensurate with this speculative outlay. The necessary funds appear to be derived from savings of which there is no record. Xeither is there any failing off in the land sale.? which take place in -the various suburbs every .Saturday afternoon. And the position of the banks appears to be stronger than ever, as the returns for the year just ended show an increase in round numbers of four millions in the deposits, as compared with those of 1880, Avhile the stock of bullion they hold is nearly two millions in excess of that held last year. There has been considerable expansion in the advances, which were to the amount of £38,034,062 on the 31st December last, as compared with £34,625,138 at the same date in 1886. Centennial Day will be long and painfully remem bered by a great many of the settlers in the Western district, where many thousands of acres of grass, miles of fencing, and large areas under crop have been devastated by bush- fires, kindled by the criminal negligence of some lads, and stimulated by a fierce north wind. At one time two lofty eminences, Mount Abrupt and Mount Sturgeon, were wrapped in a sheet of flame, and presented a most imposing spec tacle at night. The grass is everywhere so high, owing to the exceptionally great quantity of rain that has fallen during the last six months, that, if a fire once lays hold on it, there is no checking the fury with which it rages. We have had a remarkable month of January. Really hot days have been the exception ; and instead of the heated term lasting three days, as in former years, it has rarely been prolonged for more than four-and-twenty hours, when a change of wind has brought refreshing showers, succeeded by a spell of really lovely weather, bright and sunny, with a cool breeze blowing from the south. Tor the. first time for upwards of 30 years- ??''?the-' country is actually looking green in January, and the gardens are everywhere arrayed in a robe of splendid colour and vernal freshness. A vessel which arrived from Hamburg on Sunday brought Lieutenant Israel, who was associated with Stanley in the exploration of the basin of the Congo, and was also a n^i^ber of the German expedition which examined the country lying at the back of Angra- Pequiria oh' the West Coast of Africa. Mr. Israel's object in visiting Australia is to organise a party for the systematic exploration of the unknown portions of the centre of this continent. Stanley him self proposes to making a lecturing tour through these colonies, after he has succeeded in relieving Emin Plia; and the Rev. EL. R. Haweis and his wife intend making a descent upon us with a like object. So does the amusing author of *? John Bull and his Island ' and ' Our Dear Neighbours ' — the writer who signs himself ' Max O'Rell,' and who is as well acquainted with the English language as with his own, for he has resided in England ever since 1872, when he was appointed French master in St. Paul's School, London — a post he occupied until 1881, when he threw himself entirely on literature and lecturing. He is a native of Brittany, I way add, 40 years of age, served with distinction as an artillery officer in the French army, and, having been severely wounded during the Franco-German war, retired from active service at its dose, with a pension. I mentioned in a former letter that the high rents which are now being demanded for shops in a good position, owing to the extraordinary inflation in the value of city property, will probably result in the transfer of some businesses to the suburbs,' which are now rendered so easily accessible by the tram-cars. In order to encourage this transfer, certain of the sub urban drapers have adopted the practice of allowing customers residing' at a distance a rebate of t&eir; fores to and fro upon all purchases above a specified amount. __ ? — __ One of our leading mercers, whose premises have been purchased °rer his head, has sold off his stock and relinquished his business ; and there is some talk of a ?combination among the shopkeepers to resist what they regard as the extortionate demands of their land lords ; for these, it is alleged, preclude the possibility of carrying on affairs at a profit to the tenants. I know of one case in which a demand of £1500 per annum has been made for the rental of premises for which £900 a year is now' paid, the difference between the two sums re presenting the greater part of the tenant's yearly profit. Nor could the latter recoup himself by rais ing his prices, for these are kept down by the compe tition of suburban rivals, of wholesale houses which are cutting into the retail business, and of institu tions like the Mutual, the Co-operative, and the Fede ral stores*' each of which — and the first more parti cularly— has a large clkntek, composed of its own shareholders. Altogether, the rent question is be coming a very st-rious one in Melbourne. Meanwhile money continues to now into the colony foj- ii.vest m'eet from abroad ; the last instance of this kind I have heard of is a remittance 3f £100,000 for this purpose from Mr. Lelard Stanford, the Californian millionaire, ex-Governor of that State, who has a brother resident in this city. Signor Tessero, having succeeded in obtaining a sufficient number of subscribers to his French Comedy Company, and the necessary funds having been lodged in a bank ir. the name of three trustees, pro ceeds to Europe in the Orizaba on Friday next for the purpose of engaging a company and bringing out the necessary scenery, play, and costumes. These he will procure in Paris, where the nephew of Adelaide Ristori will not require an introduction to theatrical circles. In the meantime the large hall at the rear of the newly- erected Freemasons' Club in Collins - street East is being adapted for the usual representa tions by an enlargement of the stage and other altera tions, and it is expected that the' French Comedy Company will make its first appearance there in the mouth of June next. Another enterprise, undertaken for the entertain ment of this theatre-loving community, has been em barked on by Signor Majeroni, who is making arrangements for bringing out an Italian ballet com pany to produce ' Excelsior,'' Amore,' and similar spectacles; They will be a revelation to the mi travelled portion of our population. I saw 'Ex- celsior' when it was first produced on the stage of pne of the largest theatres in Italy, and felt no sur prise at the almost frantic character of the enthusiasm it excited, which found expression in the audience calling the author of the work, the scenic artist, and .the ballet-master upwards of 20 times in succes sion to receive the tumultuous plaudits of a delighted multitude. They deserved it, for a more brilliant, picturesque, and poetical spectacle I never saw tipcm the stage. It told the whole history of human civilisa tion by a series of incidents and by a dazzling .suc cession of groupings, scenic pictures, and masses and movements of pantomimists which quite fascinated tone's attention. 