THE SCRAP ALBUM. (Open to Casual Contiiibutohs.) Liedortafel practice in the Town Hall, this evening. Wollongong Temperance Hall and site for sale by Mr. O. F. Smith on an early date. Sir Henry Parkes with about 20 members of Parliament are now ' doing' Braidwood. Bishop Barry was accorded a public welcome on Saturday afternoon on his return from England. Congregational bazaar opens in the Town Hall, to-morrow afternoon, and will be continued until the end of the week. J Gleaves beat E. Matthews in a sculling match for £50 a-aide on the Parramatta Kiver on Saturday last. The Premier thinks that the Government should not bow the knee to the Civil servants simply because they Wave votes. A lone price for a horse. — Ormonde, the famoiiB English Derby winner, has been sold to : an American sportsman for £17,000. The Broughton Creek A. and H. Association has been re-nan.ed. It will in future be known as the 'Berry Agricultural Association. Lar^o bush-fires have been rcging for several davs in the immediate vicinity of Albury, doing considerable damage to grass and fencing. The Melbourne JKJxtiiDition is Degiumug w pun, the daily attendance being very small It is expected that there will be a loss of £200,000 over the affair. Tho bazaar in the Town Hall will be opened to-morrow evening by Mrs. Woodward, the worthy wifo of Mr. F. Woodward, M.P. for this district. . . Owing to a difficulty in securing sufficient snace. it is now regarded as unlikely that New South Wales will be represented at the Paris Exhibition. Intending competitors should not forget that entries for the Albion Park £20 handicap and £5 hurdle handicap close with the secretary, Mr. 0. E. Weston, to-morrow. The Rev. Father Kennedy, a curate at Moalin, in Ireland, has been sentenced to three months' imprisonment on a charge of inciting tenants to resist payment of rent. On Sunday afternoon a boy named Stephen Carter, 11 years of ago, while bathing at Iron Cove, near the bridge, was attacked by a shark, and completely disembowelled. The goods-trains now leave Sydney at a quarter ? i a tVm mni-niner. and after calling at all intermediate stations, reach Wollongong at a ciun-i ter-past 8 and TCiama at 10. It is asserted tliat 18 French officials have been excelled from Germany since September last, and the French newspapers are now demanding the expulsion from France of all German employees and offioials. The burning question in Wollongong — the water suppty ; still hoping against hopo, but still no signs of tho works boing commenced. Mossrs. Galvin and Gannon made a canvass of tho town for subscriptions to tho Wollongong bathing- place fund, and mot with fair success. Speaking in tho Assombly on Friday night, Sir Henry Parkes said lie had loavned ono lossou in this world, »nd lie had lived some time, and that was. that if you told tlio imkod truth you were not believed. Tho Austrian Army Bill, undor which the mili tary forces of Austria aro to bo largoly increased, has bean virtually passed by the Reichsrath Tho measure was supported by the members of tho Opposition. At a mass mooting hold at Nowcasilo on Satur* day it was decided to petition tho Colonial rfecre tary for the rrleaso of the Glebe minors, Jury, Tobin, and Woat, now undergoing sentence for riotini? nt Nowcnstlo. Wollongong has not boon so bare of shipping for many months past. On Sunday there was only one vessel in port (Tho Bunyip), except tho steam tug. Several steam colliers, howovur, woro loadim: yesterday. So far, tho appointment of Uonoral Sir Henry Wylio Norman, G.O.B., to tho Governoishit of Queensland has not boon gaz^ttod, and it is slated that a hitch has occurred in connection with his appointment. In consequence of the miseemly conduct of visitors in St. Andrew's Cathedral on Wednesday last, tho authorities havo decided ? that for all future weddings, tickets for admission will only bo issued to the parties directly interested in the cer.mnny. Tho cable makes tho announcement that Mr Westgartli, an English financier, statos that May noxt will bo a favorablo time to float a 3 per cont. loan. Does this point to tho conclusion that a frosh Now South Walos loan will bo raised at that time ? The Moruya Agricultural and Pastoral Associa tion have arranged their prize list for 1889, but havo decided not to publish it till the very serious question i3 settled as to whether it is advisable to hold any show next season owing to tho drought, and general depression in that district. uoservor states tnat hne young saplings and other green timber are being ruthlessly cut down l-y vandal axemen on tho Tom Thumb recreation ground. He would like to know how tho trustees of tho ground allow such wanton destruction to proceed without even a remonstrance. Tho woman Louisa Collins was on Saturday, after Beverat trials, found guilty on the chnrje of murdering her husband, Michael Peter Collins, at Botany last year. In sentencing her to death, his Honor the Chief Justice held out no hope of mercy. The prisoner listened to tho verdict and sentence with apparent indifference. On Saturday afternoon the Governor laid the foundation-stone of a memorial statue to tho late Rev. John Dunmore Lang, to be erected in Wynyard Square. Speeches appopriate to the occasion were deliverod by Mr. W. Neill, chairman of *.he movement, Lord Carrington, Sir Henry Parkes, Sir John Robertson, the Hon. G. Thorn ton, M.L.C., and Mr. D. O'Connor, M.L.A. A Sydney watchmaker and jeweller, named J. T. Williams, on Saturday undertook to make a leap from a balloon in mid-heaven a la Professor Baldwin. Having gone up to an altitude of from 4000 to 6000 feet, Williams cast off from the bal;oon, and as he fell the parachute ho carried with hi in unfolded itself and he catne down steadily feet first, regulating his descent as he desired, and reaching terra Jinna none the worse for his flying trip through tho air. The New South Wales Typographical Associa tion aro making a demand that the minimum rate of wages should be fixed at £3 per week instead of £2 15s., as has been ruling hitherto. The Master Printers havo refused the demand, and a fortnight's notice will bo given by tho men on Thursday next. It is thought, however, that the demand will bo ultimately complied with, the compositors of Melbourne having obtained a similar advance a few weeks ngo. Mr. Charles Gordon, the Shoalhaven Inspector of Fisheries, has (says the News ) just returned from the head of the Shoalhaven River after having successfully stocked the rivor with young English trout. The Government are now doing well in stocking the colonial rivers with valuable English fishes, and Mr. Gordon acted upon instructions to be careful in the stocking of the Shoalhaven. Ho deposited 320 trout, which he conveyed to tho selected Bpnt in two tin boxes specially prepared. Friday night's sittiug in the Assembly was rather an animated one. Strong objection was made to the appointment of two railway officials outside the present stall of railway officials. In committee of supply, the heavy expenditure on behalf of the railways caused a lively discussion, in which the appointment of the Commissioners, especially that of Mr. Fehon, was warmly de bated. According to Mr. Want, Mr. Fehon had some connection with tho notorious wool frauds, through which connoction he was compelled to resign his position as Inspector of the Victorian railways. Sir Henry Parkes promised that he would call upon that gentleman to show cause why he should not be removed from his position. The consideration of the railway esti mates waB postponed. Mr. Schey is pretty well full up of tho present Government. During the discussion on the railway estimates, on Friday, {he said that ' this Government was an infamous Government in one way. They had always some new surprise lot the Houbo. They were always juggling with some new trick. They always had a card stowed away up their coat sleeve. It appeared to him tho Government played so many of those tricks that it was not possible to see the bottom of the bag tliey had. He had heard it rumoured that there was now on the water a large number of railway carriages. He would not at all be surprised to see a long line of English carriages arrive here ; but if an attempt was made to interpret the Act in that way it would be found that there were men who could drag the Government from the Treasury benches, and insisted upon honest administration. One of the reasons why this Government came into power was to give the country honest administration. Well, in viow of tho juggling tricks tho Government had played — in sending home a certain man to deliver lec tures on agriculture — in proposing to send roving commissioners all over the world j and in playing this last fantastic trick of importing two railway officers — they ought now to come to the end of their tether. So far as he was concerned, he was determined that they should not diag him at their chariot wheels day after day — he would no longer follow a Government who would be guilty of such conduct as they had been guilty of. If the Government insisted upon dragging them through tho mire with their villainous doings, they should cry ' Hold,' and go no farther.' 