•NEtei^i A NUTSHEILL. A wharf laborer named Wm. Walsh cut 'his .throat on. Wednesday with a penknife during a fit of delirium tremens. A man named Phillips has b«-eu burnt to deoth wMle, assisting Jto extinguish bush-fires inijie DiibW district; " •' .x^TTirv^v^Lu'stfAUow rSgoon Av rftocsoray. The cutter Snowdrop, which left Cooktown for Stewart River on Saturday week , is missing. ; - ; . , ' Two men named John Martin a.nd John Smith <hsui!a nan-ow escape on Thiirsday of their lives, through an explosion of powder at Derhaui Lead, near Batlarat. •Shearers have-struck on the Merri Merrigal Station, Lake Cudgellico, because their employers failed ; to simply them with potatoes. Thomas Hill, of the native Queensland police, has been caught attempting to wreck a train on the Sandgate line, Queensland, by placi" g a stone on the raUs -^ ^ ^ of ore ^ tlie Go v eruiuent an-H? b f rt fr -°V'i ( f oJ 1 kiu "; 8 find ' oa tlie West Coast, has yielded at the rate of 791 ounces of silver to the ton. A servant^! named Annie-Simpson has been sentenced to seven days'imprisonment for steaUug a watch aud chaiu from the dwelling of a Mrs. Gregory, at Richmond. Two married women, named Betts and Knight, were fighting a t Brisbane on Wed- nesday. Knight has since died from the injuries, and Betts has been arrested. A laborer named Bernard Caffrey, residing at Collingwood, attempted to cut his throat with a razor, while under the influence of liquor ou Wednesday last. The body of a man named Thomas Isou, who mysteriously disappeared from his home iu Sale ouJ2ud June last, was found floating in the Thompson River on Tuesday morning. A magisterial inquiry was held at Traralgon on Wednesday, respecting the death of William Parlow, killed at Flynn's Creek by the falling of a tree. A verdict of acci dental death was recorded. With reference to the Chinaman recently found burned to death at Cook to wu, on the May to w ii Road, traces of blood iu the vicinity lead to the belief that he was murdered, theu burned. Two larrikins named Kirk and Williams have been fined, tbe former £3, with 15s. costs, for inciting Williams to resist the police, and tbe latter £20 or six mouths' A man named John Henry Williams, a well-known criminal under various aliases, was arrested on Tuesday ou a charge of stealing a gold watch and chain from the establishment of Messrs. T. Willis and Co., jewellers, of Little Collins-street Melbourne. The residence of Mrs, Lena Hoskins, of No. 14 Palmerston-street, Carlton, .was entered on Tuesday night last, whem several valuable articles were stolen. A man named Patrick Molloy has been arrested on suspicion by Constable Foley, and on a search being made of his house a portion of the stolen property was fouud. 