DISTRICT NEWS. MOONAN BROOK. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Up to about 1 p.m. on Tuesday last the weather remained unchanged, the days excessively hot, with heavy banks of smoke hanging over the country like a dense pall, effectually obscuring from view objects beyond a circle of a few yards. The nights, however, were with one exception pleasantly cool. Shortly after dinner-time on that day, the distant rumbling of thunder was heard, which gradually drew nearer, while the fog banks grew denser and denser until 5.30 p.m., when a smart shower fell, lasting for a few minutes only. During the night another shower fell, but it only lasted for a short time. However, it is to be hoped that the long drought has broken, and that the mois ture (it is hardly worth calling rain) we have been favoured with is but the precursor of a more abundant supply of the much-needed fluid. The weather threatens rain, and a few drops fall occasionally in a tantalizing sort of a way. Bush fires have been very trouble some during the week, several parties have been out endeavouring to stop their progress with but little effect. If any of our town friends wish to try their hand at extinguishing a bush-fire, they will be accommodated by paying a visit to this part, and need not fear of being disappointed, even if they possess the qualities of a ' Salamander.' On Friday evening, the 23rd ult., our little community was grieved to hear that Mr. W. Stephens had suc cumbed to the injuries received on the 6th. It appears that a change for the worse took place on the previous Tues day, and Dr. Stevenson was again sent for, but the unfortunate sufferer gradu ally sank and died about 6 p.m. on that day. The funeral was timed to leave his late residence, ' Hillgrove,' at 3 p.m. the following day, but owing to its having been deemed necessary by the authorities of Scone to hold an en quiry, a delay of an hour and a half took, place. In the absence of the Coroner, H. L. White, Esq., J.P., of Belltrees, and J. Campbell, Esq., of Glenmore, held a magisterial inquiry, and after examining several witnesses, decided that death had been caused through his having been accidentally run over by a loaded dray. The cortege finally started at 4.30, when a procession was formed, consisting of 3 buggies and 78 horsemen, this number being largely increased at the grave side. The in terment took place in the cemetery here, and the Rev. W. F. James con ducted the service. The large number who attended the funeral (some of whom came over 40 miles) fully testified to the great respect in which the deceased was held by all who had the pleasure of knowing him. The Rev. W. F. James will preach a funeral sermon at his late residence on Sunday, 2nd prox. and a large gathering is expected. Out of respect to the memory of the de ceased, the Good Templars' did not hold their usual weekly meeting. I am glad to see that the bank at Moonan on this side of the crossing has been cut down, and is now fit for teams to travel on. It certainty was a most awkward pinch for teams coming through the crossing. Our Road Superintendent would be able to very profitably spend a day by taking a trip up this way. There is a large hole in the middle of the old culvert, which is a source of continual danger. It should either be repaired or the traffic stopped. Certainly those who know of the ex istence of the danger avoid it, and use the new bridge ; but strangers, after dark, are as liable to use the one as the other. Some time since the road from Moonan to Fairview was repaired (in patches only), and while a few of the crossings, or rather the banks, at either side were attended to, others were neglected, and should be repaired now, especially so considering that so many have selections up the river, and will need to use the road for the convey ance of material for fencing, &c.; The following banks, &c.;, want attention : Top bank at Mr. Miller's, both banks at Mrs. McInnes, and both at Glen more, in addition to which a channel wants cutting at the lower crossing at Glenmore, in order to allow the water to run away, it is now a big pool with a bank of stone and rubbish at the lower end. Again some of the cross ings are so full of rocks that it is dangerous to drive a buggy through them. I think if our senior member were written to on the subject that a man would be put on the road between Belltrees and Fairview, a distance of over 30 miles, without counting the four miles from Moonan here, which is at present almost totally neglected. It would certainly be cheaper to have a man always on the road ready to re pair any little defect at once rather than allow it to gett worse and worse, and then have to spend a big sum all at once. I hope ere long to see the above suggestion carried into effect, and the repairs needed attended to. . The coal-trimmers are locked out at New castle. Tlic^ wheat yield in the Moama district in many instances averages sfs bags to tho acre. The sixth Australian Kloven, homeward bound, are now safoly located in Melbourne, where thoy will play a match versus Victoria's best eleven. At the London wool sales it has been set tled that farthings inay~ bo bid up to eight pence, Thoro is:i good demand, andahalf penny to a ponny advance is noted. 