ONE of the most extraordinary charges of bribery and corruption that ever formed the subject of a legal prosecution, was dealt with last week at the Gootamundra Police Court. It appears that the successful candidate at a recent municipal election was a Mr. W. H. HALL, who was subsequently proceeded against by a defeated rival for having improperly influenced the votes of certain electors by driving them in his carriage to the polling booth. The charge was virtually one of bribery, and if the Bench had held it to be proved the defendant would have been found guilty of a misdemeanour punishable by fine or imprisonment, or by both. The fact of the defendant having taken two electors to the booth was established, but the Bench did not consider that the exerciser of any undue influence had been proved, and so dismissed the case j remarking, however, that the defendant had acted indiscreetly. It would thus appear that Mr. MATTHEWS had, after all, a rather nar- row escape from a very serious punishment. Another Bench might have taken a different view of the case, and the defendant might have suffered severely for an act which has not hitherto been regarded & bearing even the shadow of impropriety. Under these circumstances the facts of the case cannot be too widely known. Here, as in most other parts of the colony, it is quite a common thing for candidates to provide conveyances for their supporters. Cabs and other vehicles are openly engaged for no other purpose, and frequently are covered (with posters setting forth the claims of the 'particular candidates in whoseinterest tbey ate plying. According to the new light now thrown upon the Bubject, all this unlawful, and renders the principals in the transactions liable to a criminal prosecution —an ordeal through which they may or may not pass unscathed, but which is at any rate certain to cause them some trouble and pecuniary loss. In the face of this contingency we shall imagine that there will be very little free coaching at the next municipal election. AT the police court on Tuesday last a young man was charged with throwing stones at & Chinaman. The defendant pleaded guilty, and as his conviction was mainly due to bis having candidly admitted his own guilt when another person bad been positively identified by the prosecutor as the aggressor, only a mitigated penalty was imposed. The police magistrate, however, said that any future convictions would be more severely dealt with. He remarked that there was a considerable element of cowardice in these attacks upon Chinese, who were singled out for annoyance because they were not, as a rule, able to retaliate effectively. There were, however, some Chinese in a better position to hold their own, and it was a pity that the larrikins did not get hold occasionally of a Chinaman who knew the use of his fists well enough to give his assailant a sound thrashing. Most right-thinking people will thoroughly agree with the remarks that fell from the Bench. Whatever views may be held touching the propriety of permitting the Introduction of the Chinese into the colonies, no one will question their right when here to obtain fair treatment. At present, to judge from the numerous assault cases in which they appear as plaintiffs, they receive anything but fair treatment. By a certain class in the community they are regarded as fair game, to be hunted, stoned, mauled, and otherwise maltreated at the sweet will of their persecutors; and for the credit of the colony as a whole, it ja to be hoped that a very severe example will be made of the next person convicted of indulging in the Bport of " Chinamanbaiting." THE annual report of the Chief Inspector of Stock was laid upon the table of the Assembly on 26th ult. It shows that the sheep in the colony have increased considerably, and that the wool-clip accordingly is very large indeed. The total clip is stated to be 21,000,0001bs. in excess of that for the preceding year. The total number of horses, though much in advance of the total for 1886, does not come up to the total for 1881; and the number of cattle has been largely exceeded in some previous years. This is no doubt partly attributable to the fact that graziers, as a rule, have been paying more attention to sheep than to cattle of late years. Dairy cattle, however, show a large increase on the returns ot any preceding year, and the fact may be accepted aB satisfactory evidence of the steady development of a very important rural industry. In most districts of the colony the sheep are reported to be improving, the result of greater attention to breeding, paddocking, and the introduction of high-class stud animals. Only four districts are mentioned as showing any deterioration in this class of stock, and the falling-off is attributed without hesitation to bad management, the use of inferior ewes, and the selection of country unfit tor sheep-farming purposes. The avenge increase for the colony is set down as 76| per cent, for paddocked sheep, and 68J per cent, for flocks that are shepherded. The numbe* of fat sheep available for market this year is estimated at 5,182,000; the « cast" of store sheep put down at 6,711,000. Details of the clip are given as follows:—The total clip in the colony for the year 1887, according to the number of sheep, would be 31,082,201 sheep shorn in the grease, average clip ,51b. 9oz. per sheep = 172,89i,7'431b.; 95,000 sheep hot water and spout washed, average clip 3lb. 12oz. per sheep = 337,5001b.; ,647,945 sheep, creek- washed, average clip 31b. ljoz.persheep = 1,997,8801b.; 554,987 sheep scoured, average clip 21b. 14oz. = 1,594,7251b. Lambs — 8,185,458 iambs shorn in the grease, average blip llb.I2£6z. per lamb = 14,580,3471b.; 123,745 lambs washed, average clip per lamb lib. 5oz. ~ 162,4151b.; total clip, 191,567,5601b. In 28 districts the clip is reported as sound, and full of yolk; in 26 districts, sound but light in yolk; and in the remaining 10 districts, light and fender. On "the whole the clip was clean and free from burrs, but in a few districts the value of the wool was considerably affected by grass seed. In 27 districts the clip is reported as being well classed, and in the other districts iit is not considered so; the reasons beingowners do not think it pays, want of convenience, sheds not large enough to warrant expense, and the difficulty of obtaining competent woolsorters. ALBOBY CUSTOM-HOUSE.—The collections for April were £2394 10s. 2d. To CORRESPONDENTS. — " T. K."— Your tank contains 1690 yards, " W. Potz."—Your tank contains 556 yards. THE TOWN BAND.—The town band will play a selection of music in the Gardens oa Sunday, weather permitting, CHINESE POLL-TAX.—The Chinaman sent to gaol last week in default of paying the poll-, tax, has since been released on paying thetax and £10 fine. ACCIDENTAL DEATH.—Mr. Simon Whitehead, a well-known settler-on the Upper Murray,- was killed%y-being tbrowh-frbihMs horse near Tumbarumba on Monday. WANGARATIA RACKS.—'We publish elsewhere the full programme for the Queen's Birthday meeting at Wangaratta. Nominations for the Birthday Handicap muBt be ia by 8th May. MINING AT CHILTERN.—Scott and Simmoods report another crushing from their claim on the Banner Beef of 28 tons of quartz, which yielded l50flz. of retorted gold.. They also crashed a quantity of mullock, or seconds, which gave 15dwt. to the load. CHARGE OF HORSE-STEALING.—At the police court on Saturday, William Turner was charged with stealing a horse, saddle, and bridle at Tumbarumba, the property of William Mitchell of Tumbarumba. Evidence was given Df fehe tarrest & fche- prnioner in -Vifctorta, and he was remanded to Tumbarumba. STOCK MOVEMENTS.—2,400 merino ewes from Albury market to Cromer, N.Z.L. and M. and A. Co.; 140 fat cattle trucked from Bourke to Melbourne, B. and P. Glaespn ; 400 merino wethers from Bungowannah-p&rk; to Melbourne, J. Grieve ; 40 fat bullocks from Bungowannah-park to Melbourne, John Grieve ; 1,000 store bullocks from Queensland to Victoria, J. and A. Brood; 900 store cattle from Queensland to Victoria, Walter Douglas. LESSEES'ARREARS.—The Minister for Lands stated in the Legislative Assembly that the amount of arrears due by pastoral lessees under the Deferred Pay ments Act of last session was —For leasehold areas, £217,003 Os. 5d,; and for resumed areas, £25,883 15s. 8<L In addition to these amounts, rents and license-fees for the current year to the amount,of £31,419 19J. 5d. have been deferred. As regards other lessees, the amount of arrears does not exceed £1000. LECTURE.—'" from Australia to America " is the title of a lecture to be delivered by the Rev. W. G. Marsh on Tuesday next in Bambrick's Hal), Wodonga. Mr. Marsh is a very popular lecturer, and we would recommend our readers to go and hear him. The subject is both interesting and instructive, And will no doubt command a-crowded house, as his lectures always do. The admission will be at the popular price of Is. to any part of the hall. For further particulars we refer our readeh to our advertising columns. TRAIN ACCIDENT.—An accident, fortunately without any very serious results, happened to to the night mail train from Melbourne on 26ih ult. Near Barnawartha the engine ran over a cow, without any displacement ot engine or tender. The second carriage from the tender, however, was thrown off the railE, and dragged with the train for some distance before steam could be shut off. There were only a few passengers in the train, and they being transferred to the carriage next the engine were brought on to Albury without much dely. The rest of the train had to be left behind until a large party of fettlers, by dint of working all night, had restored the displaced carriage to its position and made good the damage to the permanent way. A BAD DRAIN.—When the water supply was first provided for Albury there were not wanting those who prophesied unpleasant things as a consequence of the superabundance of water without proper drainage. To judge by recent experience these prophets were not far astray. At one time the drain on the north side of Dean-street was the only foulsmelling channel in the town. Now, however, it has a very powerful rival in the watertable on the west aide of Olive-street between Dean-street and Smollett-stieet, which bids fair to become a very serious nuisance. The roadmen do what they can in the way of sweeping it down occasionally, but in the meantime it remains a pool of stagnant filth, giving off exhalations which must be dangerous to the health of all residents in the vicinity. ASSAULT CASE.-—At the police court on Tuesday the case of Ah Hong v. Oscar Wilson was called on. This was a case in which the defendant had admitted throwing a etone at plaintiff, when another man had been charged with the offence. Mr. Wilkinson appeared tor the prosecution. Mr. Thorold, for the defence, pleaded guilty, but pointed out that but for defendant's admission the case could not have been proved. The police magistrate said there was no doubt the defendant had given his evidence in a manly, straightforward manner, but at the same time the custom of throwing stones at Chinese must be put a stop to. In future a more severe penalty would be imposed. In the present instance defendant would be fined 5s., with 21s. professional costs, and costs of court; in default, 14 days' imprisonment. GRANTS TO LOCAL BODIES.—The last series of applications for grants in aid of local bodies was received by the Commissioner of Public Works, Victoria, on Tuesday. The Shire of Rutherglea pleaded for votes of .£1500 and £500 to build approaches to the Howlong-bridge and to repair the Lower Ovens road. The Wodonga Shire stated that they would be satisfied with a grant of £500 to enable them to make the Albury and Wodonga main road. A number of other requests having been preferred, Mr. Nimmo said that each application should be carefully considered when he was framing his minutes. The Commissioner also intimated that he will not receive any further deputations who may wish to ask for grants in aid for works during the forthcoming financial year, nor will any written applications of the same nature be entertained. COUNTRY LAND OFFICES.—The board appointed by the Minister tor Lands during the last session oi Parliament to inquire into the work of the country land offices for the purpose of introducing uniformity of system and securing efficiency in administration have now dealt with the land offices in a number of districts. The board consists of Mr. W. J. Oonder, chairman of the Cooma Land Board ; Mr. W. Houston, Chief Inspector of Land Boards and Land Offices; and Mr. Robert Macdonald. land surveyor at Hay. The land offices dealt with ere Wagga, Hay, Bourke, Moree, Armidale, and Tamworth, and in connection with these a considerable number of reforms have been recommended. The board are now inquiring into the condition of affairs at the Grafton office. They have still to inspect the offices at Maitland, Dubbo, Cooma, Forbes, Orange, and Sydney. RUTHERGLEN VINEGROWERS' ASSOCIATION. —The members of this body waited upon the Premier of Victoria on Tuesday, to point out to him the danger to the colony presented by the outbreak of phylloxera in the Parramatta vineyards, New South Wales. They urged that unless active measures were taken by the Government to prohibit the importation of vine-cuttings and grapes from New South Wales the whole of the vignerons in Victoria would be subjected to the risk of having their vineyards infested with the pest. A most serious aspect of the case was that the South Australian authorities had threatened that unless Victoria took precautionary measures they would refuse to allow Victorian fruit of all kinds to enter that colony. If that decision became an accomplished fact, persons engaged in the culture of the vine and fruit trees in Victoria would suffer a heavy pecuniary loss. Mr. Gillies said that the Minister of Lands was considering the question, and he would lay the request of the deputation before him. CHARGE OF LABOENY.—On Saturday last Hasson Whyse, charged with obtaining board and money from C. Pinkau by false pretences, was again brought up on remand. No further evidence being forthcoming, he was discharged. The same defendant was then charged with Btealing a comb, the property of C. Pinkau. The article in question, which had been found in the prisoner's swag, was identified by prosecutor as his property, and as having been in the room occupied by prisoner whilst the latter was boarding with Pinkau. At this stage the prisoner was remanded till Tuesday. On Tuesday some further evidence was taken. Edward Waite proved that the prisoner brought a swag with him to Cumberoona, and that it contained a comb which witness believed to be identical with that produced. For the defence, Thomas Harris deposed that he was a hairdresser, and the prisoner had bought a comb from him ; the comb produced was not, however, that sold by witness. The Bench held the case to be proved^ and sentenced the prisoner to one week's imprisonment. THE HALF- HOLIDAY MOVEMENT.—An adjourned meeting ot the committee was held on the 26th ult. at the Globe Hotel, Mr. Abercrombie presiding. Mr. Abercrombie reported that the sub-committee had waited on the eimployers, who were nearly all willing to close on Thursday afternoon it Messrs. T. H. Mate and Co. would do so. The latter firm, however, declined to depart from their intention of closing on Saturday afternoon, and there was no hope of the Dean-street traders closing on Thursday alone. Under these circumstances it is to be feared that the movement has fallen through. Mr. Gruby moved—" That a hearty vote of thanks be accorded to the committee and to those gentlemen who had given their influence to the movement." The secretary seconded the motion, and said he was quite sure that the lively interest which had been shown by those gentlemen was fully appreciated by the employes of Albury. The chairman returned thanks on behalf of the committee, with an assurance that they would be glad to give further assistance to the movement if it was thought advisable to revive the agitation at a future time. It was also resolved that the balance of subscriptions in hand (£3 lis.) be handed to the local hospital. The meeting then adjourned. PBOPOSED AMENDMENTS IN THE LAND BILL. —Mr. Hayes has given notice of his intention to move the following amendment:—" Page 14, clause 27, line 19, add, to clause ' No holder ot a pastoral or occupation lease, being a holder thereof, either wholly or partly for his own benefit, shall conditionally purchase or conditionally lease, or cause to be held on his behalf or in his interest, a conditional purchase or conditional lease on a resumed area, uuder penalty in every such case of forfeiture of every lease held by or on his behalf or in his interest, and any rent paid in respect thereof and improvements made thereon.'" Mr. G. Day has given notice of his intention to propose the following new section to stand as clause 84:— " It shall be lawful for the Governor to accept a serrender from the pastoral leaseholdei of any portion of land of which he holds a grant or is entitled to demand a grant which is situated on the resumed area, and to assure to him by way of exchange for the land so surrendered an equal area within the leasehold area, and for this purpose the Governor may make and issue grants for all lands so exchanged, upon the acceptance of any surrender under this section the land so surrendered shall become Crown lands, and form part of the resumed area. Provided that all applications under this section Bhall be made to the Minister in the prescribed form within 12 months from the passing of the Act." THE JEBILDEBIE AND DENILIQUIN RAIL- WAY.—Alderman Davies, representing the Municipal Council of Deniliquin and others interested, was introduced to the Minister for Works on Friday, by Mr. Barbour, M.L.A. Mr. Chanter, M.L.A., also accompanied the deputation from Deniliquin to Jerilderie, and a petition, embodying the views of the deputation and those represented and the reasons for asking for a railway,. was presented to the Minister. Mr. Sutherland, in reply, said that he was satisfied as to the quality of the country, but as it was represented by the Government that it was in the hands of private individuals, the question was as to whether the Government should lay out large amount of money to give the property a value it did not now. possess. He had no doubt the railway should have been made and taken to join the Southern line at Hanging Rock. No doubt, the people were inconvenienced as things now stood; but when the Railway Commissioners were appointed some endeavour, he thought, would be made to alter the present system of drawbacks allowed on goods sent from New South Wales, and to charge railway rates in proportion to the distance the goods were ^carried. He would give the request consideration, and would get the whole information prepared and placed before the Cabinet. The Premier and the Treasurer had visited the country, and both spoke highly of its rich quality, and said it was to be regretted it was lying idle. In reply to their question as to whether he was in favour of a movement on the part of the people to complete the line themselves, he .said he would be glad to see a proposition submitted, as he thought it would strengthen their request. A HABD CASE.—What on the face of it appears to be a rather hard case, occurred on Monday last, when a respectable- looking young man named James Ledgwood was arrested under a warrant charging him with obtaining a horse from Keith Lane, of Obley, by means of a valueless cheque. The accused is a drover in charge ot 1000 head of stock travelling from Queensland to Victoria, consigned to Messrs. R. Gibson and Co. He states that he purchased the horse for purposes connected with his work, and that he drew the cheque on the faith of an agreement between his employer and himself to the effect that funds would be available at the bank in question to meet his drafts. The police magistrate said an arrangement of this kind was not uncommon between stockowners and their drovers, and he directed the police to telegraph to Sydney, where the owner of the stock was understood to be staying, to test the accuracy of accused's statement; remanding the case till a later period of the day for this purpose. The case was again called on in the afternoon. Mr. Thorold produced a telegram from the police in Sydney to the effect that £50 had been forwarded to the credit of the accused at the bank on which he had drawn. The money had been forwarded by the agents of the owner of the stock on 20th April. Mr. Thorold applied that the accused should be released on nominal bail. The police magistrate decided to allow the accused bail—himself in £20, and one surety in £10. The Superintendent of Police said he would telegraph to the Obley police station the substance of the telegram received from Sydney, when in all probability the warrant would bt cancelled. On Tuesday an intimation was received from the Obley police that the warrant had been cancelled, and defendant's surety was released from his bond. ANTI-CHINESE AGITATION AT TUMUT.—On 26th ult. Mr. Travers Jones, M.L.A., presented to the Colonial Secretary a petition from over 600 residents of the district of Tumnt in respect to the Chinese. The petitioners complained that Europeans could not obtain good agricultural land in the district of Tumut, owing to the Chinese paying a rental of £2 or £3 an acre for it. They were able to do this owing to their manner of living, having no families or institutions to support, and paying very little in the shape of taxes. A large number of Chinese were coming daily into the districts, where they were living most immoral lives, and causing the young Europeans to indulge in opium- smoking and other pernicious practices. Resolutions passed at a public meeting recently held at Tumut were appended to the petition. These were to the effect that the prosperity of the town was endangered by the presence of so many Chinese ; that the landholders of the district pledged themselves not to lease, sub-lease, or re-lease any land to Chinese or persons likely to employ Chinese; and that an association be formed to combat the Chinese evil. The objects of the association were set forth at length. The members desire that a polltax of £100 and an annual tax of £16 be levied on every Chinaman coming to the colony ; that the issue of naturalisation papers shall be stopped, and such papers issued elsewhere not recognised ; that the Chinese be compelled to register themselves annually, and a special Act relating to Chinese houses and workshops be passed; that an Inspector of Chinese be appointed, and all Chinese goods manufactured in Australia be stamped ; that the proportion of Chinese to Europeans on mining fields shall not exceed 5 per cent., and that no Chinaman shall be allowed to work upon a new claim until three years after its desertion by Europeans; that marriage between Chinese and Europeans be restricted, and special legislation be introduced to deal with the corruption of European children by Chinese; that the Chinese be denied the privilege of franchise, and a triennial census of the Chinese population to be taken ; that Chinese secret societies be suppressed. This is all the society is endeavouring to secure, and in its efforts it will be seconded by a large proportion of the population. PASTURES AND STOCK BOARD.—A meeting of the board of directors under the Pastures and Stock Protection Act was held on Wednesday. Mr. W. Kiddle having resigned the position of chairman, Mr. Grieve was elected in his stead, and Mr. Macvean was appointed treasurer. The other members pressent were Messrs. Giles, Kernan, Morton, M'Kellar. The principal business of of the meeting was to consider a circular from the Chief Inspector inviting suggestions from the Board for amendment of the law relating to the careless use of fire. The main restriction in the present law with regard to burning-off is a rule requiring a space of 15 yaids to be first cleared all round the land to be burned. It was pointed out that this was altogether insufficient to remove the danger at present caused to holders of adjoining land. Mr. Morton thought the requirements of the case would be met by requiring a space one chain wide to be cleared. Mr. Kiddle held that this would be altogether insufficient,and moved the following resolution:— " That provision should be inserted requiring permission to be obtained from the local Pastures and Stock Board to fire grass, wood, &c.;, from 1st October to 1st May, and that 14 days' notice be given by advertisement of intention to apply for such permission. The penalty for breach of the section to be £100 fine, or six months' imprisonment." Mr. Kernan seconded the motion. The only doubt he had was as to whether 1st May was not too late a date to continue the restriction to. In some seasons it would be quite safe to burn in April. Mr. Kiddle said that the suggestion was one not only for this district, but for the whole colony. Mr. Grieve said the Board would have power to grant permission earlier if necessary. Mr. Morton thought that so far as stubble was concerned, a margin of cleared land a chain wide would be ample for safety. He contended, moreover, that it would be a great hardship to the farmers to compel them to give 14 days' notice. The stubble had to be burned, and if rain fell after the notice had been given it would not burn at all. The mover pointed out that the farmer was not bound to begin burning at once after giving notice. After some discussion the motion was carried. With regard to preventive measures, Mr. Morton moved that in the opinion of the Board it was desirable to clear a strip one chain wide round all land to be burned, and round all standing timber. Mr. M'Kellar seconded the motion, which was carried. The question submitted by the Chief Inspector as to whether the precautions approved of should be made compulsory, and if so at whose instance, was discussed at length. Mr. Kiddle said it would require an enormous staff of officials to give effect to this proposal, and it was agreed that the idea was impracticable. Concerning the best steps to be taken to extinguish fires, it was pointed out that no hard-and-fast rnle could be laid down, each outbreak having to be dealt with according to circumstances, varying in every instance. The suggestion to form bush-fire brigades was also dismissed, it being held that the landholders would help to put out a fire if it threatened to come their way, whether they belonged to a regularly organised brigade or not; and they would do no more if they belonged to Buch a body. The Board then proceeded to fix the rate of bonuses for scalps of noxious animals. It was decided to adhere to the scale of last year, as follows, viz.:—Kangaroo, Is.; kangaroo rate, wallabies, and paddymelons, 6d.; hares, 6d.; dogs, Is. The annual assessment was fixed at l£d. for large stock and £d. for sheep. All members of the Board and the secretary were appointed receivers of scalps. It was decided to apply for the renewal for three years of the proclamation of hares and kangaroo rats as noxious animals. The meeting then closed. PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY,— A meeting of committee was held on Wednesday morning, the members present being Mr. Grieve (in the chair) and Messrs. Dight, Billson, Odewahn, Kernan, Chauncy, Zweck, Morton, M'Kellar, W. Turner, Abercrombie, Whitehead, Thompson. After the confirmation of minutes the bank balance was submitted, showing a debit balance of £597 4s. 9 J. The chairman said the subsidy for the current year would be at the rate of £ for £. The following correspondence was dealt with : —From Mr. T. Sloane, suggesting alterations in the prize-list in the sheep sections. From Mr. A. T. Bolton, enclosing £5 donation to be applied as the committee might think best, and suggesting amendments in the prize-list. —Both these letters were referred to the Prizelist Committee. From the committee of the proposed Agricultural Union in Sydney, asking the Albury society to join.—The consideration of this letter was postponed, but it was decided to forward the amount of subscription towards preliminary expenses. From Messrs. Hardy Brothers, jewellers, enclosing particulars of account for gold medal to Giersch and Co., and a copy of order for same forwarded by Mr. E. Lawrence. The chairman said neither he nor the secretary knew anything of this matter until the account was sent in. Giersch and Co. had, it appeared, been desirous of having a medal in lieu of the prize, but the committee knew nothing of this. Giersch and Co. got their money from the society in due course. The secretary said he had already informed Hardy Brothers of the facts of the case. It was decided that the account could not be entertained. Letters were read from various donors forwarding donations, bringing the total to £228 lis. 61\. The report of the Improvement Committee was read, recommending the erection of 30 cattle pens, and the renovation and painting of other buildings. Mr. Odewahn suggested the planting of more shade trees on the ground, and the motion, seconded by Mr. Zweck, was referred to the Improvement Committee. Mr. Dight said the erection of new cattle pens was a necessity, as the old ones had been removed. The painting might be held over for another year, though it would be more economical to do it at present. A statement was submitted by tbe sub-committee showing that if the proposed works were carried out, the debit balance would probably stand at the end of the year at £200. Mr. Morton thought it would be better to defer the painting, and put another booth near the machinery ground. There was a general feeling outside that too much was spent on the ground and too little in prizes. Mr. Turner spoke in favor ot adopting the report of the sub-committee. Mr. Chauncy seconded Mr. Turner's motion, which was also supported by Mr. Abercrombie, who opposed the proposal to erect another booth. The motion for the adoption of the committee's report was carried, including Mr. Odewahn's proposal. Mr. Morton formally moved a resolution in favor of erecting another booth or removing one of the booths to a point near the machinery exhibits. Mr. Thompson seconded the motion. The motion was carried. Mr. Odewahn moved that the Improvement Committee consider the propriety of providing better accommodation for produce. Mr. Morton seconded the motion. Mr. Chauncy deprecated the expenditure of money in these directions at present. Mr. Abercrombie said room might be provided for tbe farmers by limiting the space hitherto allotted for flowers. At this stage Mr. Odewahn consented to withdraw his motion. Mr. Odewahn gave notice of a resolution to the effect that in future years all exhibits of grain should be accompanied by several ears, and should be labelled with the name of the variety. Mr. Odewahn suggested that seed-soweis exhibited" should be shown at work, and that twine for reapers-and- bindersshould be shown—Referred to Prize-list Committee. It was agreed to offer £1000 in prizes, besides £100 for ploughing match and trial of implements. Mr. Zweck protested against the awarding of prizes far machinery except after a field trial. ROSBVALE NCRSEEY—A circular from the above nursery will be fonnd in this issue of the Banner. We understand that Mr. Burton's Btock of trees this season are exceptionally large and healthy. DBESS NOTIFICATION.—K. M'LENNAN and Co. we this week showing the latest novelties m Winter Dress Goods, including Navy Stripe Sergerettes, Ruddy JJore Stripe Sergerettes, Moidore Stri !ttes,8eal Stripe Sergel^oulle Serges. A rettes, fine splendid line J tripe Tweeds, at lis. 6d. per dozei lelo ClothB, useful Bhades, at 9d. per dozen ; Cheviot Tweeds, 6s. 6d , 8s 6d., 9s. lid. the dozen; 160 pieces French and British Cashmeres, double width, from 9d per yard; 100 pieces leading shades, of rich eilk plush, at 2s. 6d. per yard; choice selection Braid and Cord Ornaments, latest shapes' Hussars, Fourageries, Epaulettes, &c.;, variety unsurpassed, value unequalled.—[ADVT.J 