GISBORNE. (FROMI OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) VAnnuaasas is undoubtedly a primitive instinct running in double harness with inherited foolery. If I was asked to define the term Vandal in its application to our species, my answer would be, "a fool who owns just sufficient brains to lead him into the committal of wanton acts." As folly has its several standards it will be safe to assume that the perpendicular monkey of the lowest mental calibre will be the more richly endowed with vandalistie propensiiies. In reference to those unformed minds or, to use stronger language those contemptible libels on humanity who seem to derive happiness only in the destruction of what sensible people look upon as beautiful in art or nature-following out their natural proclivities those anti-kalezoic frauds have broken down one newly planted elmtree, and damaged others by flicking them with whips. Worse still, as if there were no switeres to be had elsewhere, they must needs break off branches to flake their horses with. The migratory jumbuo is pretty rife on this parallel, several large flocks having passed of late. On the 22nd inst. 10,000 roamed through, appar ently on the grass quest. The poor creatures were gaunt as trained greyhounds, and the drover informed me he had brought them from the Lachlan river, via Corowa. He gave a truly deplorable account of the route, especially at its commencement. Not a blade, leaf, or stick for miles on the stock track, and sheep dying whole sale as they travelled for want of food and water. Getting towards the Murray he said the country was better off for feed. Gisborne, with its high elevation above sea level, is not a locality where we may expect to experience midsummer weather in the month of November. Such, however, was the case with a vengeance last week. The earlier portion of the week piled on the beat, which augmented day by day, until Friday, when the climax was attained. Fahrenheit on the 23rd scored the big innings of 05 degrees in the shade. Bushfires appeared to be raging, but evidently on a limited scale, or a considerable distance away, for no smoke could be seen rising from here. The thick smoke haze on Friday was so dense that hills not two miles distant appeared like outlines of universal blackness. Everywhere on Mount Macedon, except on the Camel's Hump, the heat felt actually solid, while on the lower levels the sun's rays were scorchingly hot. On this occasion about the only happy creature I met out of doors was a native bear, perched in a low, tree on the Hump. My first impulse was to disturb his siesta with a chunk of rock flung at the unoffending creature. But on reflection I concluded in doing so I would be displaying a survival of the original tiger in human nature, and therefore allowed him to rest in peace. Speaking of the Mount reminds me that Upper Macedon, as a delightful summer resort, cannot be rivalled by any other localities I have visited in my ranibles. Although on odd occasions the sun may blaze fiercely, yet, when in the shade, we experience a refreshing coolness. There are deep gullies, perfect arbors of tree ferns and shrubs of many sorts, which entirely shut out the sun's rays. Beautiful streams of the purest water flow down those gullies in a musical murmur that falls soothingly upon the ear of the thirsty wayfarer. When the mountain brooklet is reached you find its waters of icy cold ness, and, in the language of the ubiquitous "Vagabond," you get your best drink. After that you light up what some Highlandmen call the " emoking pipe," sit .down against a giant fern, and what between the weod.and an atmosphere reduced to a delightful temnperature by the cold water you feel as if you were in paradise. Truly the Mount is a lovely place, with its elegant villas embowered in beautiful native or exotic shrubbery. Here fruit trees are no stunted abortions, such as are to be meb with on lowland plains to the south. The climate and soil of the Mount nicks in admir ably with pear, cherry, apple, and walnut trees. Another inexpressible charm is the many well laid out flower gardens, now a perfect blaze of beauty. The late dry weather has told greatly against the crops; the oats in particular. Rain has threatened off and on since Saturday, but not a single drop has fallen. To-day, Tuesday afternoon, an occasional peal of thunder is heard afar, while dark cloutds are drifting about. Whether it will blow up a storm is extremely doubtful. Some two. paddocks of early sown wheat I have seen are just about ready for the machine, and I fancy these will go at least li tons to the acre. What might have proved a fatality occurred last Saturday evening to Miss Hamilton and some lady friends. As far as I can ascertain the above named lady was driving some friends in a pony phaeton. The animals, from some cause, took fright, bolted, and the vehicle was capsized. The fair charioteer and her companions were thrown out violently, while one of them, a Miss Beere, sustained concussion of the brain, and remained unconscious for some hours. Under Dr. Salter's assiduous attention she was brought too, and those with her at the time of the mnishap have re covered from it. A disreputable old woman who has been hang ing about here for many months, misconducted herself so grossly that Constable Hart ran her in. The Bench gave it her warm, for they sent her to jail for three months. On Monday evening the Gisborne Mounted Rifles had horse drill at New Gisborne, and, con sidering that some of the corps are new to the work, they went through the different evolutioeis St. very creditably. Being on topics military it is a source of regret to me that our young men seem to lack enthusiasm, or otherwise they would come fqrward without being asked to do so. If any. thing smartens a man up it is a course of military drill. Besides, it begets order and neatness, for whenever..we come across, old soldiers or man o' war'smen, we generally find men scrupulous as to personal appearance. Beyond this, military training in this country brings men of every grade together, and however wide social distinctions, when they are under arms they are on a footing of equality. Those who, in a manner of speaking, have not been alive to anything more than :the merest common details of life, finding that there is a tone to be obtained from :the profession of arms they will do their best to attain it. 