NEW SOUTH WALES. [From our own Corr83BoadenS,J Sydney, October 5. During the heavy "windstorm yesierday a buBhfire swept away some 30 tents and* their contents belonging to men employed at the Potts Hill reservoir, and great difficulty was experienced in saving a large number of other tents belonging to campers at the works, A heavy bushfira is now raging on the shores of Lake Macquarie. An interim dividend of 2a. 6d, in the pound has been declared in the estate of Messrs, D. and W. Robertson, the well known" London and Sydney engineering firm, which recently went insolvent. At the Central Police Court this morn ing Walter and Alfred Grieve, two brothers, who were arrested early in the week in connection with the ingenious frauds "which for some time " have been carried out by means of forged- cheques ■ on metropolitan hanks, were charged with forging and uttering a cheque on the A.J.S. Bank for £47, purporting to be signed by Arthur Cubitt. The prisoners were committed for trial. There were two other cases against them, the first being for forglng-two cheques in the name of David Wilson nn September 4 for £110 and £36 respectively on. the National Bank of Australasia, and the second for forging a cheque in the name of John Fry for.£10. On the first charge "they were committed for trial, and oh the second they were remanded. Disastrous bush fires are raging in the neighborhood of Oaks, Picton, and Werombi, In the Camden district, and the houses of several residents.are in danger. At "a wool sale .held by Goldabrongh and Co. to-day the competition for the. better sorts wa3 keen. Greasy sold to Sd., and good scoured to 17|-d. A telegram.received to- day irom junee. states the last unprotected sheep inocu lated by M; Pasteur's representatives with anthrax virus is dead, but the pro-. tected ones are all' quite well. The Broken Hill and District Water Supply Company is being registered with a capital of a quarter of a million.. A scnlling match took place to-day on the Hunter River for £100 aside, be tween Henry Searle, of Grafton, and Wm. Hughes, of Newcastle, the latter having a start of 10, sec. in three miles. Searle had the easiest of victories, win ning by 23 lengths. 