NOTES FROM BU88ELT0N, From our own Corroapondeut. As ia generally tho rule at this time of year, anmsemonta are tho order of tho day, notwithstanding the great boat that us ually prevails. Bushflros aro becoming frequent. ° Sore eyes are very prevalent amongst the younger portion of our community, and appear to do very severe in many cases. The annual school examinations took plaoe during tho week previous to Christ mas and paased off very satisfactorily re- garding the numbers examined and tho pro gress made in the various classes. The prizes however, were, as a general rule, very inferior, compared to those of other years. It may be worthy of note that amongst the teacher's employed here we have one who must be considered somewhat superior to tho general rule of teachers fouud in charge of country sohools. I refer to Mrs. Evans, tho head-mistress of the Wonnerup sohool, who holds a certificate from tho Board of Examiners of Limerick, and who is, besides, well versed in various languages. During the time the sohool has been conducted under her care the progres made must be considered very satisfactory indeed; in point of faot it seems a pity to see suoh a ,good teacher wasting her time in such a small school. Hnyoa and Dobson's oirous returned hf-ro the othor week from Bridgetown aud loffc by steamer for Albauy. I hear they did remarkably woll in Bridgetown, during their short stay here. Mr. Munyard, who la evidently a good-natured man, gave au axhibition of hia powcra upon the wire to a lew who had not had the pleasure of witness ing this pevformanoe. Having fastened hia wire across tho yard at the Commercial liotol he went through vanou8 manoeuvres very cleverly. He persuaded a good- sized boy to got on his back nnd wnlked the wii'O baokwards and forward several timeb, to the Rreat delight of thoso present. At the time this wa8 performed a atrong breeze waa blowing, rendering the feat no eaBy matter. After Mr. Munyard haa given his perform iinoe an old nativo man (who was amongst tho number witnessing the proceedings) was porsuadod to try the wire, and after being assisted on to it by tho bystanders by the aid of a polo ho made an attempt, but soou came to grief, much to tho amuse mont of those preaont. Mr, Daviea' action haudaave busily em ployed in completing a largo order for tim ber. It is roportod the ordor will keep the mill going for a couple of yeara. Two imip3, I hoar, aro at Qnmelin, loading, nnd I boliovo arrangements havo been made for tho intormediato Bteamers to call in and take timber for tho eastern oolonies, Mr, Yelverton's station is only working Blowjy, he having only secured a small ordor 'at present. The W.A. Timber Co.'s station is dormant juat now. Great disappointment is inanifostod here at tho Governor's spoeoh at the opening of tho Council, more especially respecting the Bayswator-Bu8selton railway. It wa8 ex peoted that something definite would havo been arrived at, ao that the work might havo been Btarted at once, and thus rovive trade and give work to a nnmber of idle but willing hands. It would appear that we aro bound to bo disappointed, at least for some time to come. We still hope for the better. Amongst those who have been lately raying a visit to Busselton aro several old Irienda— among them Mrs. D, Maophoraon, Mr. and Mrs. F. H, Monger, aud Mr, and Mrs. C, Layton. Our orioketors go to Bunbury to play a match there on tho 2nd, Mr, Locke's colt 'Gunpowder,' I be lieve, goes on to Perth by the steamer to run for the Sapling Stakes, and before this you will havo made his acquaintance. Satyr, I regret to hear, is somewhat dam aged, having been foul of a wire fence before being shipped at Adelaide I regret to hear that a blight of a strange sort haa attaoked the peaoh treea at tho lilaokwood and elsewhere. It ia reported that tho loaves have all fallen off and the fruit appears as if covered with red rust. Our local olergymau ia vory attentive to his duties, and from what I can learn is becoming very popular, Mr, Glairs holds service ut half-past 11 on SaturJay evening, and I have no doubt the ohuroh will be full upon the ocoasion. Tho Rev. Father Treaoey is also a very popular olergyman and respected by all olaBses, and it is muoh to be rogretted that he csnteni platcB leaving ua shortly. The Roada Board election, hold on tho 29th, brought forward six candidates, tho three out-going members and throe fresh onoB i tho result being— T. Thurklo 125, R. Gale 117, E. Brookman 89, G. OrosB 58, S. Keenan 80, W. A. G. Walter 8. Mr. Chas. Layman waa the returning officer. It will be aeon by tho above that two of the out going members wow re elected j the other being Mr, R, Gale. Deo. 80, 