ESTABLISI-TED 1842.) With whichis incorporated bhe Xorttaud Mirror, Publiahed Every Monday, Wednesday and Friday Evening. FRIDAY, JANUARY 11, 1889. WEATHER. - Yesterday was rather warm, but the heat of the sun was greatly tempered by the cool sea breeze, In the evening the air was delightfully cool and pleasant, and up to a late hour the pier was promenaded by numbers of persons. To-day is quite cool. S.S. DAws.-This steame: ' . i bourne for the Western ports . . WHARn SoLD.--We are informed that the Railway Department has purchased the P. and B.S.N. Co.'s wharf property at Port Fairy, The sum is not men tioned but it is understood to be satis factory. " PonRTLAo GUAnRDIs?" CALENDA?.- With this issue out subscribers receive a copy of the Portland Guardian Pictorial and Advertising Calendar. In pursu ance of our policy of advertising the town and bay the calender has been got up in a style superior to that issued last year, although as a matter of fact the adver tising support secured on the last occasion was not forthcoming to the same extent this year. Nevertheless no modification of design was allowed ,n this account, and our readers receive a birdseye view of the town, which, though it may not escape captions criticism, we are sure will please the majority as quite coming up to its pretensions - not a photograph, but a birds eye sketch of the town and bay. As was done last year the almanacs will be despatched to all the inland towns of the colony, where they will accomplish in no small measure their object of advertising the town, for as a work of art the sheet is worthy of a place on the wall of any public room. As to its merits, however, our readers will be the best judges, and we have little doubt but that the general verdict will be favorable. The calendars can be obtained at this office for sixpence each. S.S. JrLIA PEROv.-This steamer ar rived at a late hour last night and came to the pier. She discharged and loaded cargo during the early morning hours and sailed again about midday for Melbourne via Warrnambool. ST s s.,--Mrs. Stable wishes to acknowledge, with best thanks, receipt of parcels of used stamps from Mesdames Jones, Redfern, Mills, O'Keefe, Trang mar, Allingham, Denton, Byall, Pick, Stewart, and Love: the Misses Rutter, Brand, Burgess, Grant, Millar. McCord, Black, Shaw, Scowcroft, Waters, Bannam, Law, Gough, Greed. Guthridge, Bertram, Anderson, Ileazlewood, Murchison, Mann, Miller, Thorubill, Lowry. Donald, Keberv, Treloar, Cleaton (Gd in unused stamps). Wears; Messrs. Archer, Tomp kins, McKeand, Gallagher, Coon. Amery, Tait, Urquhart, Rev. J. Roberts, well. wisher, G. and C. S.. seven anony mous. one containing 2d in unused stamps. Mrs. Stahle has now received a sufficient number of Victorian stamps, and will therefore feel obliged if contributors will in future kindly send only stamps of other colonies. AL-FRED HAWLEY.-The timber form ing the cargo of this vessel is being rapidly unloaded and already a large number of trucks have been despatched. to Hamilton. Messrs. W. Tulloh and Co. are giving the vessel pleasing despatch, FOuDuATION. DAY.-The 2Gth January is, as every Australian knows or should know, the anniversary of the foundation of Australia by the settlement of New South Wales. This is above all other days of the year Australia's national holiday and though this year it falls on a rather awkward day (Saturday) that is not to be allowed to prevent the day being observed as a holiday. At least so we are led to believe and certainly there should be no doubt in regard to the matter. It is unlikely, however, that any difficulty will be experienced seeing that many of our business people are Australian born. As is fitting the local branch of the Australian Natives' Associ ation are taking steps to have Foundation Day celebrated in Portland. It is likely the celebration will take the form of a picnic or concert, or twilight trip around the bay and promenade concert on deck. The latter idea seems to find the most favor as having the greatest chance of popularity, the time being rather short for a concert, and though a public picnic should also be successful, the natives would probably like to take a new de prature on a somewhat more extensive scale than the ordinary run of such gatherings in Portland, when again a fortnight is rather a limited time in which to perfect the arrangements. Cer tain it is that whatever is taken in hand the A.N.A. will energetically push it through to a succcsful issue. CoaL.-This morning Mr. Dunn, the officer sent down by the Mines Depart ment to report on the prospect of coal being discovered, was driven out to where the party of prospectors are oper ating. Mr. Dunn was accompanied by the H1on. Agar Wynne, the Town Clerk, and other gentlemen who accepted the invitation of the Mayor to be of the party. A close examination was made of the immediate scene of operations, and the locality, but whether the indications favorably impressed Mr. Dunn as regards the prospect of coal being found, that gentleman's report to his department will alone disclose. On the other hand he is disposed to favor the suitability of the soil for profitable agriculture, and is rather surprised that the heath land is not more extensively cnultivated. He is also inclined to think that lime burn ing on a lsrgo scale might be carried on with advantage. Even though our coal dreams may be dispelled, Mr. Dunn's suggestions may lead to a less rapid but equally as sure road to prosperity. PeticE Cor0nr.-Mr. Nicholson, P.M., and Mr. L. Clarke, J.P., occupied the Bench at the local Police Court yester day. D. Kay sued P. Cameron for £1 sle, goods sold. Defendant admitted the debt. but asked for time, stating he was willing to pay 2s Gd per week. This offer being acceptable to plaintiff, the Bench made an order for the amount on the terms mentioned with 5s costs. Two other civil cases were struck out, both being settled out of court. INDUSTRIAL Enxmrirztos.-A meeting of the general committee was held in the Orderly Room last evening. The execu tive committe reported what they had done since the last general meeting, and the report was received and adopted. It was decided that the Secretary should go to Melbourne for the purpose of bringing the exhibition under the notice of ex hibitoss at the Centennial, it be;ng con sidered that a personal canvass would effect more than an advertisement. The chairman, Major Foote, again animed verted on the apathy evinced by the townspeople in the movement as die played by the poor attendance at the meeting. Letters of thanks were ordered to be sent to the Shire and Borough Councils, thanking them for their patro nage. BsTns.-A question arising out of the construction of the new baths, as will be seen by our report of the proceedings, occupied the attention of the Borough Council for a cousiderable time on Wed. nesday evening. The discussion was at times acrimonious and councillors almost forgot their dignity on several occasions, but happily a scene was prevented. After all the point at issue, when nar rowed down in an interval of reasonable discussion, was one on which all sides could agree without any compromise to the stand they had taken, but by a withholding of explanations on the onoside and strong fueling (not altogether unjustified) that only recognised an effedt without seeking for the cause on the other. a general misunderstanding arose, Mlotusal recriminations were freely in dulged in, old grievances roused up afresh, and everything was progresing as favorably as possible to widen the breach and lessen the chances of an agreement, but fortunately wise counsels were al. lowed to prevail, and the question being divested of all the irrelevant arguments which had been put forward by both sides it was seen, as before stated, to amount to merely a matter of agreement as to a course of procedure instead of a sacrifice of principle, as the heated dis cussion would tend to suppose, The majority of the Council properly insisted on having its wishes carried out and when the matter was reasonably talked over it was found those who were looked upon as the obstructionists were quite willing to do tb: provided a legal doubt was settled... his the remainder while they did ut yje. "ve the absolute necessity saw no oLje.::on to doing. So a difference that was fast drifting into an unseemly squabble, and would assuredly have ended in a ridiculous ex hibition of the warm temperaments of some of our crivic rulers, was concluded amicably and satisfactorily to all parties. Now that a better understanding prevails there is little fear but that the Council working in harmony will triumphantly surmount the difficulties which are in reality nothing to what some persons pretend to believe. AcKowL?EDGEnSENr.--We haste received from Mr. W. J. Carlton, the Wesleyan minister stationed at IHeywood, 7s worth of stamps, representing the amount of a collection made in aid of the Portland Benevolent Asylum at a picnic on Christmas Day, at Ileywood. The Secre tary of the Asylum may obtain the stamps on application to us. Suerrso.-We direct attention to the appearance of Professor Wyman in the Gawler street Rink to-night, when he will be assisted by the accomplished lady skater Miss Roberts, as also Master Ajax. Vanous novelties are promised. On Wednesday the Professor's second appearance at the New Orderly Room was hailed by a large audience. • Again some clever trick skating was introduced, including skating on the head, jumping over chairs with skates on, &c.; The applause was again frequent, and those who have not seen the Professor should not allow the opportunity to pass. Bean FI?Es.-On Wednesday several bushfires could be observed to the north and west of the town, but up to the pre sent we have not heard of any damage to farmer's holdings. A.X.A.-The election of officers took place at their last meeting, when the following were elected for this half year: -Mr. G. Phillips, President; Mr. W. S. A. Ponsford, Vice-President; MIr. G. M3cHardie, Secretary; Mr. Sheppard, Assistant Secretary; Mr. T. Cunningham, Treasurer; Auditors, Messrs. R. V. Foote and W. J. Fraser; Delegates to Annual Conference, to be held in Sand hurst in March next, the President. Mr. G. Phillips, and ex-President, Mr. W. J. Fraser. To-tNIeHTr AT TIHE GAWLER STREzET Rtus.-The greatest trio combination of skawtrial artists of the ago. The two Stars, Miss Amy Roberts and Professor F. A. Wyman, assisted by the youthful prodi:g, Master Ajax! In double acro batic skating, for this occasion only. By special request, will give one of their re fined exhibitions of fancy bicycle and artistic skating. A. E. Southern, mana ger.-Anvr. P. ?un B.S.N. Co.-In our advertising columnanotice is given thatan extraordinary general meeting of shareholders in the Portland and Belfast Steam Navigation Company will be held in the offices of the company on Monday, the 25th inst., for the purpose of considering the finan cial position of the company and making arrangements to discharge the liabilities. WESLEYxAN Cncucu.--It is announced in our busines columns that the IRev. E. ,I. Watkins, of Wesley College, Mel bourne, will preach in the above church morning and evening on Sunday next. Mr. Watkin enjoys a well deserved repu. tation as a pulpit orator, and those who visit the Wesleyan Church will have the privilego of listening to eloquent dis courses. SALE.-Attention is directed to the announcement of the sale of the Glenor miston estate on the 31st of the present month. A rare opportunity is offered to farmers, the terms being moderately easy. MEssas. Campbell and Sons want be fore the 31st inst. to complete an order, 300 tons good dry wattle bark, for which they will give £8 15s per ton. Cash on dolivery.--[Anv.] 