THE STORYTELLER. JANE. SKJiTCIL MAIIK WEB.* Two women etood in the kitchen of an extremely unpretentious dwelling, deep buried in-a remote corner of the Victorian unsh, and discussed a question of, to them, vital interest. One was a girl oi one or two and twenty, exceedingly pleasant to!ook upon, tall, some what slim, and carrying herself with an ease and crace born of bodily health and fostered into babit She wore a faded print gowu, the cut of which hinted at bygone better days; and in one hand she held a wide brimmed straw hat. The other was some three or four years the elder of the two, and bore a sufficient like ness to the«irl to mark the sisterly relation ship between them. But where the girl was strong she was weak, and she etood with the resigned droop of the shoulders of one who expects to have a burden bound thereon, but plainly lacked the fortitude to bear Buch burden with wise courage, oi, indeed, anyhow but with feeble protest. The corners of her month bad a downward tendency, and be tween her brows two lines ran up to meet the dark hair that grew low on her broad forehead. . She, too, wore a laded print gown; but where her sister's dress borrowed a rellected grace from its wearer, hers hung in dejected lines and curves, and contrived to look very shabby and helpless indeed. . . The kitchen in wnich they stood was ol the ordinary rough bush type. The walls were constructed of thick upright slabs, deeply dis coloured by age and Bmoke. The naked rafters stretched from side to side; above tbem rose the pointed bark roof, lashed here and there to the ridge pole with iron wire. A vast stone fireplace yawned at one end of the room; two doors facing each other turned on hinges formed of inverted bottles. One small window, set directly below the eaves, let in the light; the lloor was of hardened clay. The furniture of this severely simple chamber was scanty and of primitive make. A wooden sofa, modelled on the American pattern, a rough table, a small dresser, on which were neatly ranged the ordinary utensils, and a large safe, whose open doors disclosed siguilicantly empty shelves-voila tout. . , . This empty safe formed the centre rpnnd which the conference circled. Look they never so sharply they could espy nothing therein rave a small and Bhining milk pan, containing about a pint of milk. And the question under consideration was-What was to be done? "Things have been bad enough before, goodness knows," said the elder woman, in toft complaining tones, " but never as bad as (his. Just think, nothing to eat, and I feel KB weak as water." "Poor Marcia," said the girl tenderly, "you wiu»* feel weak; this heat is so trying for you, poor dear. It is bad for any one but especially for you." " Oh, I Bhall die when my time comes, Baid Marda, with pathetic self-compassion. "I know that well enough. I jhave no strength to struggle through, Jane." "Oh, nonsense!" said Jane, cheerfully; "don't you remember last time you made cer tain you wouldn't get over it, yon dear old goose; but you got through splendidly. And BO you will this time, please God!" " Ah, but things were not as bad-aB much against me-as they are now; and though 1 didn't die, my poor wee baby did," said Marcia, her eyes filling with tears. " There is no use in blinking matters, Jane. Even you mast allow that I haven't much chance. But it doesn't matter, after all; and in the meantime what are we to do for teat" " We'll have lre6h bread," said Jane, wisely letting the petulance in Marcia's ipeech pass without commeut. " I have just taken it out of the oven-6ee, doesn't it look .plendid ? And I'm going down to the river now to see if I can't get some fish. If don't then yon must just eat me." " Oh, Jane I" remonstrated Marcia, " fish ing in this heat ! You'll kill yourself, and then wh&t;'ll become of poor me? Besides, the fish won't bite now. You had much better wait till the cool." "This heat 1" echoed Jane with gay scorn ; " pooh, it is nothing! And 1 know a dark hole in one of the reaches where the fish will bite all day. Besides, if I don't go now just think how late it might be before we get our tea." "Well, well," said Marda wearily; "go then, only don't be long, it is BO lonely here. 1 might be killed here all by myself, and no one a bit the wiser. I wonder when ltobert will be back!" "Goodness knows I" said Jane, with a ?mothered sigh. "lie has been gone so long; one would think there were no sheep to be got within a thousand miles at least! lie can't have the least idea of the straits we are in. It was very silly of him to sell ail the sheep ofif the .bean, and leave us none for killing." "He got a good price for tbem," observed Jane parenthetically. " Well, he left very little of it with us," said Marcia bitterly, " it soon ran out And it only needs that Strawberry should go dry die isn't far from it- and we shall be reduced to dry bread and- tea without milk. And yon won't kill any of the chickens?'? " I can't," said Jane desperately, "the eagle hawks have left us so few, and you can eat fish now, don't yon see, but in a little while yon won't be able to. We mutt keep the chickens if possible for that time, but, of coarse, if you want one very mach, why," Bhe I shuddered slightly, "I mast just shoot1 one!" " Shoot one !" exclaimed Marcia, opening her fine eyes very wide. "What a way to kill a iowl!" "Vee," said Jane apologetically, "but really I couldn't kill it any other way. It ia awfully stupid of me, 1 know, bat X can't kill things comfortably." The two sisters looked at each other silently after this confession-the only admission, tacit or verbal, of distaste for the uncon genial conditions _of her daily life that bad ever been permitted to escape from Jane's cheerful Hps. Jane burned hotly over this lapse from telfpoesession, but Marcia's heart swelled painfully with a sudden tumult of mingled admiration, wonder, and affection for. the girl who toiled hard, day after day, undis mayed by severe and unaccustomed labour, innntritioua, and, alas I of late, insufficient food, forher sake-that things might go well with her. Her emotion found vent in a great and nttpr cry. "Jam, Jane I" she said hysterically, "how |00d. b0w verygood you are, my poor dear ! To think .that jrou have come to this for nay 1**1 What would I do without iou] ldy God ! what would become of me? 1 should be left to die here like a dog !" " Oil, Marcia,. dear, wh;it nonsense !" said Jane, trying to speak cheerfully. Sbe dreaded these outbursts unspeakably, not only be cause they were injurious to Murcia in her then state of health, but alao because they irritated her husband, and served to alienate his slovenly and selfish affection from her. " No one cares for me but you," contiuued Marcia, with increasing bitterness. "Oh, Marcia!" interjected Jane, fibbing hastily but unbluBhingly, " Robert does, you know/ What nonsense, dear." "Jiolert!" echoed Marcm, with passionate scorn; "and he can leave me here like this ! alone, at such a time-without enough money to buy even necessary food- far from the nearest neighbour-in daily danger Irom bush-fires-with the burden of all his wor.i left on your shoulders-you a girl, a lady, not brought up to toil! to be done or left undone, just as your strength permits ! He care for me! Why. what a simple fool you must think me!' . , "No, no," began Jane hurriedly; but Marcia was not to be thus checked. "It is two months since he left ub to buy sheep," she went on, "and there is no sign of him yet! I declare to vou, Jane, that sometimes I think he doesn't mean to come back at all, and I feel as if I should go mad!" She clasped her hands with a traeic little gesture of despair, and looked at Jane with a passion of distress in her dark eyes that wrung her sister's heart sharply. This was terrible! All Jane's pains and trouble were wasted, it would seem. Into what labyrinths of lies had Bhe not reck lessly plunged ; how bad she not tacitly per jured, herself on the Bubject of Robert's un swerving demotion to his wife ? And to what purpose? Marcia apparently, on her side, had been busily engaged in hoodwinking her ; and this great rock of refuge from the storm of her eorely-troubled life-her faith in her hus band-was as shadowy and baseless to her as to Jane herself. It was terrible, ter rib'e. Jane could have cried aloud with a great and bitter cry; but with her habit of self-control restrained the fierce impulse, biting her pate lip till the blood almoBt came. M "You musn't talk like that, dear, she Baid as gaily as she could. " You don't mean it, and you will only make yourself ill- It is this wretched weather ; it is enough to upset anyone." " And you have to go out in it, and forage for our next meal, after slaving all day ! It breaks my heart to think of it." "Don't, please don't," said Jane, hurriedly; "1 hate you to talk like that I don't mind a single bit as long as you are all right you know that 1 am as Btrong as a horse ; it does me good to work. After all, it is only for a time; Robert will soon work himself into better circumstances. He will bej back soon, and then everything will go well." " God knows," said Marcia with trembling lips; her sudden passion of anger against her absent husband had almost spent its force, and she was entering on a new phase-fear for his well-being. " He has only written once since he leit, Anything might have happened to him for aught we know." " Oh! he is all right, never fear!" said Jane, valiantly smothering an intense desire to add that " what is good for nothing never comes to harm." " No newe is good news, Marcia. Very likely he is not far off at this very minute, driving the new sheep home, and here we are imagining all sorte of things about him! It will be all right soon. Only keep up your spirits and have a brave face for him when he docs come." " Ah, Jane !" said Marcia, looking at the girl's bright face. " You always see the best side of everything. You always seem happy. How good you are to me! What would become of me without you ! If you were to leave me " *' But I'm not going to leave you." " Ah, but sometimes I am terrified that you'll be persuaded to leave me. And, oh !" said Marcia, in a paroxysm of alarm, " I can't bear even to think of it Promise me, promise me, Jane," Bhe caught ber sister's band in hers, gripping it tightly, " that yon won't leave me till I am stronger-or dead?" " I won't leave you, my dear old girl," said Jane, with tears at her heart that found no outlet at ber eyes. " As long as yon need me so sorely, so don't worry yourself. No one is likely to want me as much as you do-or at all, for that matter." " Not as much, certainly-but at all! Well, sometimes I don't know, and I could almost hate him for his selfishness. Bnt you have promised not to leave me-and I feel sate." "I have promised," said Jane, firmly smothering a little eigh ; " rest easy, Marcia.! And now I really *nu*t go if we are to have anything to eat to-night I won't be longer than I can help." With a reassuring pat on her sister's thin band she put on ber hat, and taking her lines Bet tff foe the river. 