Reviewer. Cassell's Picturesque Australasia.* Under the guidance of an able editor some score and a half of Australian litterateurs have been engaged to write the letterpress of these volumes (pp. 618 large octavo), and both editor and staff have done their work well. The plan of tko work docs not permit of any consecution in treatment; each writor has been loft to deal in hia own way with the sub ject with which presumably he is best ac quainted; and as order in any satisfactory sense was impossible, it has been thought better to consult variety by introducing irregularly different aspects of the subject, and by passing indifferently from one colony to another. This was of less conse quence in a . book which no one is supposed to read straight through, but which is to lie on the table and be taken up at intervals as owner or visitor may feel disposed. But no doubt iilso the readier sale of the book was allowed to somewhat determine its form ; and if there be an ultimate inconvenience in its disorder, it is the penalty of the restless spirit of the age. Volume 11. (the first of the two before us) opens seasonably with a chapter on the well-worn story of " Explorers by Sea," in which our old friends the Endeavour, the Investigator, and the Beagle (with Captain Cook and Charles Darwin, of course) are turned out again and duly illustrated. Volume 111. contains, the one at the middle and the other at the end, two chapters on land exploration entitled "Early" and "Later Explorers by Land." Besides these there are such general topics as "Some Birds and Beasts," "A Bullock-driver's Adventures," "Theßrumbv" (orhorse management), "The Sheep and his Wool," "Ftm Selection, and Selectors," the Bush and bush-fires, the Aborigines, and the Mirage. Of the scenic descriptions, which occupy, and tightly, by far the greater part of the volumes, some few are intercolonial—as Melbourne to Sydney by rail, the Adelaide and Melbourne Railway, and the Murray and its tributaries, but naturally for the most part some special feature is selected for delineation. New South Wales, both from its history and natural attractions, holdri the leading place. Eleven chapters are devoted to its illustration, includ ing two aooounts ot Bathurst (that cradle of exploration), the Blut Mountains, the Jenolan Caves, and, of ooaret, "the finest harbour in the World, sir." Next follows Victoria, with seven chapters, of which perhaps the bast, piotorially, am the Australian Alps and Gippsland. New Zealand, as her unparalleled aoenerjr deserves, has six chapters, offering some of the finest illustrations in the book, such as the Otira Gorge and Martin's Bay track. South Aim tralia and Tasmania have each throe chapters, Western Australia two, and New Guinea one. Fire chapters are devoted to Queensland, treat* ing of Rbokhampton (Wheatoroft), the Groat Barrier Beef (Niabet), the Never Never Country (Margaret Seymour), Queensland past and present (the same author), and South Queensland (Anonymous). Amongst other somes illustrated in these five chapters we have the Olsen Oaves, the Barren River Falls, pearl dUet a at work, grass and bottle trees and ferns, _the Glass Mountains, the Liverpool Range, and emigrants landing fat Queensland. Tbe iUaetratioae, whiah number about 400, including twenty fnil page plates, are on the whole admirably leleoted, and are in many cases gems of art Putting the letturprcsr alto gether aside, they are in themselves a feast to tbe patriotic colonist, and will give unfailing delight where not a line is read in explanation. Even a carnal glance through these volumes will do much *o dispose the popular delusion (popular at least in the old oountry) that the Australian colonies are mere sheep or cattle runs bereft of all that is grand or picturesque in the world of Nature. The printing and general get-up of the work is in harmony with it« high artistic purpose, and the entire pro dnotion reflects new credit on the enterprise and taate of the Messrs. Gaafell. * "CaMeil'a Pictuitesque Atuttralaaia;" edited by E. 9\. Monix.M.A., Okon.. Professor of English, &c;, Mel bourne Uniyendty: with original illustrations. Vela. 11\. nud IH. Ciwsell and Co., Limited, London, Sec, 1888. 