GERALDTON. From our own Correspondent. On Wednesday last, Mr. McKenzie Grant was duly elected member for Geraldton. He met with no opposition ; and this would be a matter for regret, were it not that another General Election will, in all probability, short ly take place. Mr. Grant, as a politician, is not very much admired in this district, as it is thought, his views are of too conservative a character — and he would stand little chance of success if, a local man, an out-and-out Liberal, were to oppose his candidature. But men of this stamp, with the leisure, and other necessary qualifications, are not so easily got, even in larger communities than Geraldton. We must only rest content, and give Mr. Grant a fair trial. He did remarkably well for the constituency he formerly re presented, and there is one thing— the in terests of Geraldton, as a district, are never likely to suffer in his hands. The Victorian Express, is about to despatch a special reporter to the Irwin goldfields. What do you think of that, for enterprise ? I hear that the wooden telegraph poles, used in the construction of the line to Nor thampton, are to be pulled up, and iron ones substituted. This will be an improvement. The poles now in use are, in summer, in con stant dangerof being burnt down by bush-fires. Some two months ago, a little over a cwt. of stone from Mulga Mulga, was sent to Melbourne by Mr. Spalding, our popular Traffic Manager, for assay. This genial gentleman, has just been informed of the exceedingly satisfactory result of the test. It appears that the stone went 4oz 4dwts, 22grs. of gold and 1oz. 10dwts. of silver per ton. The Mulga Mulga Company have been, for some time past, trying to float a company to work their claims, but without success. It is more than probable, that they will be enabled to do so, when this announcement obtains greater circulation. The times continue as dull as ever, and there is no prospect of their speedy improve ment. 0h, if the Midland Line would only start again! But, alas, we have long since given up all hopes of such coming to pass. Even though we should see the resumption of the works, we could hardly believe it, having lost so much faith in the affair. 