A WELL-CULTIVATED FARM. By BaIvsI (in the "Australasian.") GOOD CROPS IN A BAD SEASON. It seeoms n strange thing that anyone should travel over 100 miles in a land of great fertility menrely for the satis faction of looking at what in ordinary seasons would be called a fairly good crop of corn. But in a season like the present, when corn fields and pastures are alike a failure, the man who can get anything like a crop where his neighbours have utterly failed attracts considerable notice, and agriculturists ask with some interest if the success is due to chance or good cultivation. It was to learn something of the • matter that I wended tmy way to M1safra, and thence drove out to the farm of which the readers of " The Australasian have heard something in the letter of Mr J. Barley Sharp, which was published last week. Leaving laffra we followed the Briagolong-road, which runs along a piece of rising ground composed of a cold, poor, sandy soil, on which the only trees to be seen are red-gum and he- oak, the fornmer nearly all lifeless. Alotng this bank the railway to Briago long winds in a most eccentric manner, as rowing men would say, making S's all along its course. A drive of a few miles on the poor soil of the bank brought us to the splendidly fertile fiats that border the small stream named the Avon River. The change is remarkably sudden, a dozen paces being suflicient to take one from the 'yellow sandy bank to the dark alluvial soil of tile bottom land. Here we entered the Boisdalo Estate, well known for the number and qual ity of tile fat cattle that are sent from its pastures. As a cattle pasture this place is said to have no superior, but the short rainfall in spring and the suhsequent hot dry weather have had tie effect of rendering the feed in the Boisdale fields very short. MIr Kitng, who leases the estate, told me that on loess rin fell very soon he would have to sink for water, or shift tihe cattle out of anne of the fields, a thing that hlas not beenddofio before, so far as he knows, and he has had considerable experience in this district. We drove through several large enclosures, and finer soil I have seldom, if over, seen. What would it not do if irrigated, but in 19 out of 20 seasons. this bottom land needs no irrigation, and the result is that no attempt has ever been made to put water over the surface. When seen from some little distance the Bois dale flats appear to be as level as a bowling green, but a closer inspection shows that thero are numerous depres sions meandering all over the surface. Some of these ate shallow, but others are of considerable depth, and many of them have never been known to go dry till this year. To irrigate a good sized area of such land would necessitate an immense outlay in the way of filling and levelling. So far as I could see nothing has been done to improve the pastures on this estate. The surface is well covered with small tussooks, clover is plentiful in places, and during good seasons doubtless grows luxurian tly, but I did not notice either ryegrass or cooksfoot, and all the land I drove over appeared to have never been broken up. At the far end of the broad valley, and close under the foot hills that stand like tie advanced guard of the higher ranges immediately behind,is situated the farm I had come so far to see. The site is a charming one, and the view towards the moun tains must be a most attractive one on a clear day. When I visited the place the haze of smoke from bush.fires half concealed the outlines of the hills, but I saw clearly the form of Mount VWel lington; at whose foot lies the beautiful little lake discovered last year by Mr. Riggall. A trip to this is becoming a favourite outing by the dwellers in this part of Gippsland, and as the scenery is said to be very beautiful, there will doubtless soon be numerous visitors from other parts of Victoria. The lake is as yet unnamed, but surely the right of the discoverer to name it will not in this case be o erlooked. In the neighbourhood it is called''" the new lake" by sonme, and by others , 'Lake Riggall." The first view of.the.crop.of-.which.I, had heard so muchl was -rather disap pointment. The croli 'nex thlo"roitd, was Cape Barley, and at the corner of the fiLeldwel first, r.acleld..it..aw. .very.. short in the straw- and.sshort-in the head. It improved, hiievver, as we went on, and in many. places .'it was fully 4ft high, and "with full plump heads. At the steading I learned that Mr J. A. du Moulin was, at work in the field, and his son kindly undertook to take me to him. On the wary I learned that the land under cultivation was a portion of the Boisdale Estate which was leased by Mr J. A. du Moulin. . The land under crop is a large paddock containing 175 acres, of which 100 acres are under barley, a mixture of Cape and Oregon; 45 acres are under oats, and 30 acres'are under wheat.. A we walked through the field I could see that the crop was a much heavier one than I expected to find it from the view I lhad on the road. I'found Mr du Moulin at. work with the reaper and binder. IHe had com menced cutting his crop much earlier titan is usual with Victorian farmers; but there was danger of anl invasion of grubs, and he thought'it best to be first in the field. The wheat was all in' stook, and a considerable portion of the Marley was cut. The oats were un touched, and still green. In answer to my inquiries Mr du Moulin told me that this was the sixth crop lie has grown in this field in 'as many years, and all of them have been good ones. His principle is to work the land thor oughly, and to this alone he attributed his success. . The field that hlia given such excellent results this season was treated in the following manner: Ploughing was commenced in the middle of March, the ground being turned over to a depth of seven inches. In future he intends to go an inch deeper. After plougling, the land was cut up with the disc harrow, and that was followed by the heavy har rows. The land was again gone over with the dise harrow, and thoun the seed was sown with one of Musgrove's broadcast seeders. The seed was worked in with light harrows, and the work was finished by going over the field with a heavy roller. By working the land in this way the surface was got asn fine as an onion lied, and the seed was enabled to got a deep hold of the ground before the dry weather set in. There was also this advantage in working the soil so fine, the moisture did not evaporate quickly, and in case of rain it did not cake and choke the plants, therohyprovonting their growth. Mir du Monliu stated that a storm of rain which passed over the district during springtime was much heavier with him than in the surrounding country. With this exception, the only advantage Mr du Mloulin's farm possessed this season over the other farms in the district has been thorough cultivation. The excess of rain on the occasion referred to may have given, and doubtless did give, the crop ani advantage, but it was not sullicioent to account for the difflrence in the yield of this field as compared withl others. Last season; what promised to be ex ceptionally good crop was completely destroyld iy the grub. The greater portiai of tllhe straw was plouglhed un tler, but part of the field :was biarnAl, and on this portion thie crop is cloancir and dtioiigcr. thgha elpowlleinp? h,4?ie5 wheat' hadd a leasttrdctivsblpcfsao anid was fyand i)vaY. lto b otop, have soqiu in ViqtpriLth.p. yeqr..j :MN1o of the straw iagsoarly 4ft longaed the headi have a fiiie aspogrrner. It has been estimated to go, dilly 30 :bushels to theacre, oand thiink thboestiiate la if anything, uider the mark. Theseed was obtained from the D)ookio larm, and is the variety. ngeq.Port. Macdonoll wheat. This crop was cut much grees or than is usual in Vietorin, where 3 farmers frequently leave their wheat I standing till it is quite ripe. Mr. du SMoulin told me that he once cut a crop of wheat as green as grass, and left it iin the field to ripen. To the surpriseo of all,it turned out an excellent sampln of grain. Several people who have seen this crop are under the. impression tit t the grain will be.small and shrivelled from eurly:cutting; bu ,Mr di f Moulihi has no fears on tlhat:head, aidiltis'dwn experieeca and tliat of farmers in other la'ds justify his confidence.. The barley crop, which is a mixture of Cape and Oregon barley, is estimated by local experts to be over.35 bushel to the acre The oats, it is thought, will go from 27 to 36 bushels to the ccro. The esti mates given are for the whole crop, leaving out a few patches where the plants are small and weak. The area of these patches does not exceed 20 acres. ; Ir. dui Moulin is an enthusiastic and experienced agriculturist, and over t ready to learn from others and profit by what ie sees. His heart is in his work, the greater portion, if not all of which is donle by himself and his son. He has been settled for ninny years in this district, his farm consisting of over 400 acres, joining the land he has rented from the Boisdale Estate. Ho has been settled for many years in this district, his farm consisting of over 400 acres, joining the land he has rented from the Boisdalo Estate. He lihas always grown good crops, and though be modestly attributes his success to luck, 1 think it may more justly be put down to good management RHe told me there were 4,000 acres in the Boisdalo plain quite as good, if not better, than the land lie rents. t struck me that this splendid fertile lani mighlit be put to a much better and more profitable use titan fattening cattle. What a beaatiful prospect it it would present if dotted over with comfortable farm-standings,and dlivided into innumerable fields by tall haw thorn,hedges. There are few spots in Victoria that can equal it for depthand fertility of soil, or for the mildness of its climate.- Sucb seasons as the pre seat are extremely rare, and do not occurr above.oice in a quater of a cen tury. ,-.On,my. way back to thie steading, whicli is' situated on Mr du Moulin's firm, I was shown a small plot of about two acres which has been sown with cocksfoot. This land was subsoiled soma years ago as an experiment, and wheat was sown on it. The crop whlich followed was fully 7ft. high. The cocksfoot gro?ws 3ft high in spring and ippears to stand heavily stocking very well. The ranges which are near at hand are swarming with dingoes, and they are so daring in their.raids on the lowvlats that it is next to impos sible to keep sheep. This is a great drawback, as there is no better sum mer fattening land for sheep in the country. A small lot of pits are kept at Mr du Moulin's homestead, but they 'have to be very carefully guarded day and night. So daring and fierce are the dingoes that they will kill and eat the domestic dogs at the steadings if they can gst nothing better. Hares are so numerous in this neighbourhood that they are becoming a nusiance, and occasionallyr the residents assemble for a battue, ~hen great numbers are des troyed. On the low foothills that rise close to the house the soil is excellent for pasture, but far inferior for culti vation to the alluvial soil of the flat. On this land Mr du Moulin has over a thousand fine-grown live redgum trees whichl are now becoming ex. tremely valuable. The steading is a very unpretending one, but there is every convenience for the care of the stock and farm impelem.n's. The latest addition to the machinery is a four-horsed portable engine, whih will be used for many purposes, but mainly this seasns for cutting up some old stacks of whesat straw into chah' As Mr. du aloulin cuts his wheat early the straw is much better for feeding stock than the general run of wheat straw. In this season of scarce and dear forage everything serving as food for stock is of value. I found a rest in the cool farmhouse extremely pleasant after a trump through the hot field, and I left the place much interested and pleased with my visit. 