■ : E0J1UC A S Silt IS COUNCIL. Tlio ordinary, monthly meeting of tha Shire Oouneil was • hold on Tuesday at Rochester when there were present.—Ora Murphy (President), Webb, Nolun, Brown, iYLaloney, Hughes, Rankin, Toenail, Barry, Watson, Crawford, Forgo, Sly, and Doherty, . C'onRESPONDENOfi. From Water Supply Department desiring to know if the council had . any objection to the salo of allot. 110th sec. reserve adjoiningallot42a, pariah of Warragambni, comprising 10 acres. Clerk of Works to report oil the matter at next meeting. From Town Clerk Borough of Echuca, requesting thp; council to take prompt measures to prevent . bushfires during the doming season.—Received., From, Superintendent Ryall,; Sandhurst, stating that fire no'icos had been sent to police stations and instructions issued to the police to be especially vigilant during the summer.—Received. . From Shire of Huntly, directing attention to a number of bad places on the boundary *oad,|Diggora, total length about 50 chains, half cost, of repairing would be paid by Huntly Shire. Cr Rankin remarked that he did nob know what was required, and he moved that the Shire bo written so asking what works were necessary.—Seconded and carried. From Secretary Public. Health Department, expressing a hope that the necessary repairs would be effec od to the Shire Hall at Rochester. Cr Rankin said- he would like to know who Robert Newton waB. From John l'weddle, Koyiij>B, requesting the council to have gates and fencing on the angle road due north of Mr Llewellyn's land leading to the Tongala Railway Station. The President remarked, that MrTweddle was said to be the only farmer living to the west who wouH receive any benefit by the road being thrown open. Cr Watson said the road was bad on cither side, and he moved/that the Clerk of Works report on the road at next meeting ; seconded by Cr Hughes and carried. From Messrs Shackell, J. M'Ooll, and Highett, M's.L. A., promising their attention to the increase of government subsidies.— Received. From Patrick Curran, Wanurp, claiming £3 damages for injuries received on the Terricks East road, near Mountjoy's—The President stated that the ; claimant had not furnished particulars, and therefore could not be entertained. Cr Hughes stated Mr Curran had told him that owing to some of the bank being washed away his horse had shied and the buggy he was -seated in damaged. He told Curran "o get the buggy repaired and send in his account. In reply to Cr Nolan, the Clerk of Works stated the contrac:ors were at work on the road aud the damage had been repaired. From J. Nonh,, requesting the council to .reestablish the pound yard at M'Coy's Bridgo Hotel. Dealt. with at a later stage of the meeting. From Swan Hill Shire, re repairs to Taylor's Creek Bridge, also from Minister of Public Works stating that estimate had been prepared,-and it was too late for the bridge to bo included this year. Cr Nolan said it was a pity, that steps had liot been taken before in the matter of the damage to Taylor's Creek Bridge. The Government had done wrbng in allowing the . Water Trust to make a cutting from the Murray which had caused .the damage. It was agreed some time ago to, send a deputation to the Minister. He had proceeded to Melbourne there to meet the President and Clerk of Works, but when ho arrived in Melbourne he found that neither were there, but: lie was informed that the Clerk of Works had gone to Kerang to •arrange about the deputation. Ho waited in- Melbourne for a few days and then received a letter suiting that it was too late to make a claim on tho Government. He was looking after his riding and did not neglect his duty. Either the President, Clerk of Works, or secretary wore to blame in the matter, and ho would like to know who it was. The president said Cr Nolan was quite correct, but he understood the deputation was to go down contingent on the arrangements being made with Swan Hi.I Shiro. He was preparodto go down any day but heard that it was too late, the estimates having been prepared. Cr Nolan said he was satisfied that some negligence had taken place. There was no misunderstanding regarding tho time between the president and himself. Cr Brown was ot opinion Cr Nolan had been badly treated over the matter. • Cr Forgo said it was a pity the matter had been allowod to slip by without anything being done. The Council should takeiothor stops to push tho work on before the wet season sots in Cr Webb said il appeared to, bo a misunderstanding which was very unfortunate, and as Cr NoJan had boen put to some expense he moved that his expenses be paid. Seconded by Cr Brown, who said they should take means to get the Minister to promise that the money would bo placed on tho estimates for next year. He would bo quite willing to have \ui work done if such a promise were obtained as soon as possible. The motion was carried. From M. Gray, Taripta, offering land to the council for road at £10 per acre. On the motion of Crs Webb and Watson the offer .was. accepted. , From W Rigby, asking for extension of time.to complete contract. Decided to allow two months extension. Or Rankin thought that contractors should be pushed on with their works. He saw by tho report that five months time had now expired. Cr Nolan urged that tho contractors should :be irndo to push on their work. Cr Crawford spoke very strongly regarding the do-, lays of, contractors and thought ib was time the council too1' the matter up and not lot contractors boss the council as it was alleged they did.' Cr Maloney endorsed the remarks of the previous speaker. There were works in Moira riding which should have been completed long ago. Owing to these delays they wero two months without thoir mails being delivered. Or Hughes remarked that whoro Jtigby'a contract was situated the floml warors had covered miles of country. From John Watson and Co., Auc ioneers, Sandhurst, requesring the council to provide office accommodation at tho Sale \ardsand pointing out that one firm occupied two offices. In reply to Cr Rankin, the Secretary stated that only ono office was used by M'Phorson, Sternberg and Co. Oil the motion of Cr Webb and Or Doherty it was | decided to provide accommodation in an | office at prcseut used by the Shire. 1 PETITIONS. A number of petitions asking that works , bo cariied uut wore laid on tho table but as : the resolution passed suspending works lor six mon lis effected theso they wero allowed to stand over. Presented by Cr Nolan from 08 ratepayers of North West Riding asking' tho council to rescind tho resolution passed stopping progress of tho first petition in reference to the irrigation trust in that riding.—Received and t^ be acceded to. Presented by Cr Forgo from 107 ratepayers of same riding asking that a resolu* tion that no further steps be taken to form an irrigation trust- bo rescinded and praying that tho ro-olution bo confirmed. Presented by Cr Brown from ratopayors of Moira riding asking that a pouud bo established at Lower Moira at Mr Patrick O'Brien'y.—Recoived. Presented by Cr Barry from residents of Moira asking that tl»o pound at M'Coy'a Bridgo be ro-opennd.—Received. Or Brown Baid he understood that tho site auked for at Lower Moira was tho most central and ho moved a pound bo cs ablished there. 'J his was seconded by Cr Maloney who conaidored it would bo a central position. Cr Barry moved as an amendment that tho pound at iVl'Ooy'u bridgo be ro-openod because ho said tha it had boon a boon to ratopayors. Cr Watsou seconded tho amendment, Cr Maloney urged that tho Lower Moira aito would ho very' central compared with the other. The motion was carried. reports. The Olerk of Works'. reporlB for October and November were road. In the former it was stated that the sum of £5000 would bo necessary to make the Picanniny Creek capable of carrying storm water away, as well as the sludgo which camo down from Sandhurst. "" Cr Brown stated that a 'committee of the ridings interested should tnko up this muttor as well as tlio Taylor's bridgo question and the debt on the Moira riding. These matters were very important ones and he thought they ought to endeavour to get the Minister to make a promise to allow them something considerable to assist them in performing the works. Take the Moira riding debt for instance, were they going to bo saddled with that incubus for ever, for which ho blamed the then officers and councillors. This year thoy were cut out of the runnings, why lie did not know. The present, was a fitting opportunity to put their shoulders to the wheel. Cr Nolan quite endorsed , the ro-; marks of Or Brown. He thought they had better take time by the forelock and endea-: vour to get a promise from the Government. Three years ago an application to reduce the, debt on'the Moira riding had beeu made, when the Minister admitted that a mis'ake had been made.by the department when the severance was granted. The silting of the Picanniny Creek and ilie Cutting away of the Taylor's Creek near the bridge should be taken up by the committee. Cr Dohorty agreed with the remarks of previous speakerb respecting tho assistance they should geti from the Government. Cr Brown moved tho committee be comoosed of the followinc :— the President, Cr Hughes, Doherty, Nolan, and the moier, to take every necessary stop to get the Minister to place a sum on the next year's, estimate. This was seconded by Cr Sly and supported by Or Forge, the latter wishing to know how the resolution would aftuct Cr Barry's notice of motion. Cr Sly enid of course it would be withdrawn. Cr Barry said he had received a promise from som3 of the councillors to support the motion, which he considered they should do as it was not right that they should bo blocked time after lima in their efforts to bring on works. The members of Moira wanted a settlement of the matter. Cr Watson thought it would bo bet er if Cr Barry withdrew his motion. He would not for one, pledge his riding to pay a share of Moira's indebtedness. Cr Maloney failed to see why the two motious should clash, Moira riding was as all knew in a bad state and the asset was only one on paper. Cr Nolan thought it would be better to withdraw the motion. Cr Barry said if he thought she committee would do something to relieve the people of the Moira riding he would withdraw the motion, but he could not do so otherwise. Cr Sly said there would *~be a great deal of noise about money going from the South West riding across to JVloirHj to pay debts which had been incurred through former councillors squandering the money as had been done. Cr Maloney suggested the motion be wi hdrawn which was iigreed to, it being understood that if the commi toe did not do anything satisfactory io could be brought up again. Tito motion was then carried. The Clerk of Works recommended that tho outlet of the culvert at Terricks East bo increased in size. Crs Nolan, Watson and others supported tho work, remarking that it was useless to erect a culvert which might bo destroyed by the first flood. Cr Nolan moved, and Cr Forge seconded, that the necessary increase bo carried out, which was agreed to. Reference was made to tho fast of a contrac'or named Burns not having commenced work ar Kanyapellii; Cr Brown said tho council were to blame in allowing the contractors to delay their works so long. In 'his caso at Kauyapella people had been kept, out of their houses through the drain not boing completed. Cr Nolan referred to a work on the main Terricks road held by tho same contractor. It was a disgraceful state of things. Cr Brown moved that tho contract for the ICanyapella drain bo cancelled, the deposit forfeited and fresh tondors bo called for the work. He was not afraid to face the situation, although tho man was ono of his best supporters. This spot was only six miles from Echuca and it had the efiept of depleating the trade of the town. The President said tho couucil should not be spasmodic in these matters, but the Clerk of, Works should impose penalties. CrWebb was surprised at the remarks of Cr Brown who went into the central riding to select a contractor who was to be made to suffer, while th'ero were six or eight contractors in Jus own riding which were months overdue. CrWebb moved that tho Clerk of Works urge, on the contrac;orB to proceed with the work at once. i , : The bad state of the roads adjacent to the Drainage channel of the Echuca and Waranga Water Trust was reported, nearly every road going east and wesc in the South East riding.are imppssable. Decided to have the Work done at a cost of about £30. ' ; Cr Crawford referred to tho great delay in tho completing of works by tho contractors which was simply 'disgraceful, and he •bought it was time stops were taken to make the •cpntractoiB do thoir work. He moved the 11th clause of the agreement be carried out by the Clerk of Works. This was seconded —by Cr Forge, who remarked that a cer;ain amount of discretion should boused. Cjr Watson was opposed to tho motion as hp know it was impossible to perform some of the works owing to floods. Cr Nolan supported tho motion, but while doing so hoped cor am discretion would bo used. The President considered tho council should use more discro ion in accepting contracts.' Tho motion was carricd. The bridges at Boal's and Ruler's required some now-planks, they not being safe without thorn, and ^s the traffic was likely to bo very heavy on these bridges this season. To bo ropavred at ouco. ! I Tlio {Treasurer' reported that tho bank overdraft it present was £2655. .The aub-committeo appointed to deal with : tho. question.of purchasing land ottered by Mr Reely next tho Shire Hall did not consider it advisable to uuvchasu aamo.^— Adopter!. j;Cr: Webb moved that the Shire' Weighbridge bo tested at once, which was agreed to. On the motion of Cr Webb it was decided v tint the water boro should bo lent to .the ' Ciimpnspe irrigation trust. ■■ :i■ , ' . ; . FINANCE. : : i ^ Accounts amounting to £5d2 lGs wore •. passed for payment. I » ' TENDEllS .."!■■■ " >Io 0, Making emb.iiiltmont on E and W road, between Messrs Murphy and Burly— Nanneella. T, Moorb. £20 Gs Od. . ii'No 113. Culvert aud einbaukinont!-on JE and W.roatl loading to the Tongala Railway .Station, iibar tho Sohool. Fitch Bros. £115 . .'. fo od. ; v< MOTIONS ON NOTICE. Or Dohcrty pursuant to notice moved as !>: follows—" Tliiit the words equally appor: i'tioned between" on tho resolution hereunder V'clcEcribecl be erased or expunged or rescinded _at; tho pleasure of ihe council, and tho fol• lowing words substituted :—" apportioned „in proportion to tho revonuo received from." Seconded by Or Hughes and curried by 10 «.'«to 3.'-,' :t ■. ■'>' MISCELLANEOUS. *' It. was deoided to call tonders for tho improvements of tho hall at the January mootJug. Councillors agreed that tho December meeting should bo allowed to lapso aud tho .'meeting adjourned. 