It was certainly very hot. The yellow atmosphere quivered visibly over the eun burnt grass, the air was thick with the smoke of distant bosh-fires, and heavy with the in cense of the gam leaves. The locoste drummed drowsily in the trees, bnt it was still too hot for song of aaght else, and the very magpies were mate, and panted dumbly in the insuffi cient shade. Jane walked on, ill at ease in body and in mind. Each separate and particular bone ached, dollyr-the result of continued over toil ; and her heart ached still more heavily for her sister's troubles, and perhaps a little for her own. Moreover, she was full ot righteous wrath against her brother-in-law, Robert Harper. Robert, the selfish, the un feeling, utterly unprincipled, dead to all sense of duty, callous, Marcla's possible mur derer 1 "Brute!" she thought, indignantly, "to leave us here so long in Buch a plight and at such a time. Why, he could have been home long ago if be had chosen ! He is something of a boaster-perhaps be has fallen among thieves and has lost his money, and is afraid to face us! I shouldn't be surprised at any wicked folly on his part If Marcia dies-and indeed she will have a hard fisht for it between anxiety and semi-starvation, poor girl-he will have killed her as mucb as if he had stabbed her. Not that he is much good when he is at home-what / don't do is left updone, for all he cares; but Marcia is happier in an uneasy bind of way when he is near her, and so I wiBb he would come back,1 the wretch J I wonder what ebe could have seen in him to love ? ? He is handsome cer tainly, and when be chooses bis manner is pleasant; bat hi? gentlemanliness is only a thia veneer at best, and he doesn't wear it out by use at home. He , is selfish, extrava gant- bah! what is the use of going over bis fauHs? If only he would be good to Marcia rm% nice and affectionate-1 would forgive him his laziness and everything else; but now that ehe is losing her looks ana her 1 spirits as well as her health, and poverty baa come in at the door hie love ba8 gone out ut the window." Her aii^ry thoughts acted ae a spur, and, in spite of the beat, she walked briskly on along a uarrow cattle track that wound through bracken breast high. Half a mile and more away on her lel't the great Southern Ocenn beat unreatiDgly on the surf-worn shore with a roar like mu filed thunder. Weptward, the river ran singing on its way to the sea; and tor it she was bound, on catching toothsome percli or bream intent She loved the river-its high, rocky banks pierced with shadowy caves, draped with luxuriant creepers, and crowned with stringy bark forests, wherein the thrush piped his silver song, aud the bell-bird chimed all dfty ; its wide and shining Teaches, its dark and sheltered pools, in which the elealtliy cray fish lurked for their prey, like monstrous spiders awaiting unwary Hies-almost better than the sea itself. It WHS her Banctuary, her haven of rest and conBolntion to which she lied confidently, dropping her burden of troubles and anxieties into its cool depths, and drawing in from its placid bosom peace of spirit" and renewed strength of heart There was no sweeter or more soothing music in her ears than the low ripple of its waters lapping on the rocks, there was no prettier sight to her eyes than the delicate dappling ot sunlight and shadow on its surface, and the graceful gliding of the silvery fish below. Moreover-but this was scarcely acknow ledged to herself as yet-it wns bound up in t er thoughts with the great joy of her life. For here, at this very 6pot where she now stoodfin cool Bhade, she nad first met Hector Mackinnon,whose timely aid had rescued her in some little difficulty with her line one day while Bhe was in mid-etream a-fishing, which aid laid the foundation of a warm friendship between them-a friendship which, to Mrs. Harper's jealous eyes, seemed only too likely to merge into something warmer and closer stilL Hector Mackinnon was the manager of Glenfine, a small station on the other side of the river, and was, to Jane's thinking, the comeliest young fellow in the whole ot Vic toria. He wa«, even to less partial eyes, a fine-looking, trunk, and honest-faced young man, high-Bpirited, cheerful, generous, a trifle hasty and impetuous, but a good man of business and a general favourite. The neighbours seeing them walking to gether would nod their heads and smile, well pleased, saying that they would trouble you to show a finer couple or a better matched within a ride of a hundred miles, a challenge which, after all, it might have been some what risky to accept, for they certainly were as fine specimens of man and girlhood as could be wished-healthy, upright, courageous, cheerful, and well-looking ex ceedingly. Jane stood on the river edge and looked across to the other bank with eyes fall of happy anticipation-she scarcely knew of what; it bad become a habit with her to find happiness there. It was hardly likely, Bhe thought, that anyone would be there at that time ; passers-by-the mounting colour marked the half-conscious hypocrisy-were infrequent in those solitudes. She unmoored her boat, and, stepping into it, pushed a little away from the bank and flung her triple-hooked line-for she was on business not on pleasure bent-deftly across into the "dark hole where the fish will bite all the day." Then, tilting her hat forward to shade her face, Bhe gave herself up to reverie, while her eyes idly followed the wild circlings of innumerable water beetles, as they madly scudded, apparently without aim, to and fro over the transparent sur face. She sat there for some little time, vaguely dreaming,serenely contentplacidly waiting for the first bite; but was presently thrilled into intense consciousness of her surroundings by the echo of a clear whistle ringing through the trees on the bank above her, to which the jingle of a bit and the measured tramp of a horse's hoofs made pleasant accompani ment The warm blood rushed over her face and throat; she felt thankiul that the rider was too far ofl to see that signal of distress -or delight* rather. But though her blush was invisible, she herself was not; and Hector Mackinnon, ex hibiting lively and pleasurable surprise at the unexpected meeting, dismounted, and fasten ing his horse to a convenient tree, came down to the bank to join her. " Are you going to make me stand here, Hiss Moore? ' he said persuasively. "Are not yon going to put back a little-just a little, as far as that old log- and let me come on board ? You need not pull up yonr anchor -let her stern swing round-so, and I can reach her from the log. Ah ! thanks." He was in the boat, aud had her hand in ! his, while be looked at ber with an expres-' sion in his eyes that set her heart beating with a provoking violence that she could have fancied was visible. " This iB jolly," eaid Hector, settling him self beside her, and still looking at her with that happy persistence. " Do yoa know 1 thought 1 might find yoa here to-day ?" This with a fine disregard of the surprise he had expressed BO elaborately a minute before. " I thought yon seemed astonished at my being oat in the heat; but it is cooler on the river than in the bouse, and I wanted some fish." Jane spoke with a happy smile on her lips, but with ber eyes carefully bent on her float. " Well, you've got one/' as the float bobbed up and down agitatedly. " Let me take in your line. Yon are lucky ; two fine fellows, j by Jove!" ? He disengaged the gasping, struggling fish from the nooks, baited tbem afresh, and whirled the line out into the water again. " Yes," be said ; " I hoped I might find you here ; if I hadn't I should have gone to your house. I wanted to be the first to tell you my good news." | " Good news 1 I am very gtad," said Jane, with swift sympathy. " What is it?" " 1 am going away immediately-from Glen fine, I mean." Alas t for Jane's brief delight! It seemed to her that bet heart suddenly stopped still, and. for-a miserable, minate-Hector, the shining river, the green tree-covered banks -everything Beemea mixed up in inextricable con [anion. Good news! and that he ehould think it so! There Jay thepinch. With a great effort she eubdued herself, and managed to speak in bee clear, natural I tone. { " That is sudden, isn't it?' she said, bend ing oyer the side of tbe boat to watch-a solemn-faced fish that was floating neat the surface of tbe water. " Well, hardly," answered Hector, a little disconcerted by ber self- possession. "I've been thinking of it fot some time, and now that my opportunity baa-come 1 mustn't let it slip." Jane watched her fish, and Hector watched her, slightly aggrieved that she had not dis played greater disturbance. "1 have bad tbe offer of the management of Killara-New South Wales, you know with tbe promise of a partnership at the end of two yean 1 ehoald be a fool to refuse, shoaldntlr "New South Wales!" repeated Jane blankly, and Hector'B spirits began to revive slightly at sight of her evident dismay. " vVe shall never see you then." " I shall not be able to come back here for years, I expect," said Hector gaily » " but but " he hesitated lor a moment, then drawing closer he suddenly slipped his arm about her waist* and poured out with quite amazing -eloquence the story of his iove for her. June trembled from head to foot; the re vulsion of feeling was utmost too great for ?her. All her troubles melted into thin air only her joy remained. Ilector'e arm was about ber, bis eyes were gazing fondly into hen-what eould harm her now ? There was for her, for a brief minute, Paradise, Heaven !-whatever best expresses absolute content, ineffable bliss! But only for a brief minute, for before her rose up Marcia's pale face and anguished eyes-" Promise me, promise me, Jane,"Bhe seemed to be saying. "Will you marry me straight away, my darling?" Hector murmured. "It isn't as iI we were desperately fashionable people, who needed to make£all sorts of preparations. You can get anything you want in the «'«)' of clothes as we pass through Melbourne. Will you, Jane?" " I can'r," said Jane, tremulously. " You can't!" He started aside as if he had been struck. " 1 can't leave Marcia," said Jane, despair* ingly. " She has her husband; he can't stay rauck longer away it he means to return at all." ' Hector spoke with a coldness that chilled Jane to the marrow of her bones. He was grievously angry. " She isn't strong, and he is not as good to her as he should be,' said Jane, blushing over the painful revelation. " I mean-he is not considerate for her. 1 couldn't leave her just yet. Hector. I can't explain, but indeed I could not You can't guess what her life is." " I know that her husband is a bad lot, but I don't see why you should sacrifice youraeli and me to him." " It isn't for him - I despise him thoroughly,"said Jane, desperately. "But, really, it wouldn't be possible for me to leave Marcia yet, it would simply break her heart. I am all she has to trust to." She looked im ploringly in her lover's face. "Oh, you don't know, and 1 can't explain !" 6he cried. " She ought to be able to trust to her hus band," said Hector, gloomily. "Don't yon think you might consider me n little in the matter ? 1 must go in a week, and 1 want to take my wife with me, for God knows when 1 may be able to return." " A week ! Oh, Hector!" cried Jane, wringing her hands. *' I can't leave her so soon as that-don't ask me ! I have promised her to stay with lier till she is stronger-or dead." " Why, great Heavens !" said Hector, in dignantly, "that may be for your whole life ! What a reckless promise! [fad you no thought for me? You can hardly love me as I love you, or you could never liave made such a promise." He withdrew his arm from her waist, and pulling his hat over his eyes, ebruuded himself in deepest gloom. Tbe iron entered into Jane's soul. She watched him silently, white and still, with a bleeding heart That he could thiuk she did not love him, 6he, to whom to love once was to love always, fully, faithfully ! It was as tbe bitterness of deAth itself. "Prove your love for me by marrying me before 1 go," eaid Hector, watching her eagerly. There was a brief bitter struggle in poor Jane's heart. Must she indeed let her lovergo from her? "I hu ve promised," she heard herself saying to Marcia. Ice-cold fingers seemed laid on her heart numbing her into a deceptive composure. On one hand stood Marcia pleading her promise, pointing to her misery, pale, wan, with haggard eyes; on the other Hector holding out bis Btrong arms to her, wherein lay her happiness. " Will you give yourself to me or to her ?" eaid Hector jealously. He was suffering acutely ; he felt almost inclined to doubt her capability tor loving-she seemed to toll. How had be been deceived in this ice maiden, whom he had taken tor a warm, loving human soul? "Oh, you are cruel, you don't know-" Jane cried " I can't leave her yet. It would kill her. And I have promised." fc" For her, then." llector rose, pique and disappointed love gnawing at bis heart, stepped out of the boat on to the old loz, and stalked up the bank away from ber without another word. He untied his horse, mounted, and was lost to Bight among the trees. 