THE DEATH SHIP. A STRANGE STORY. AN ACCOUNT OF A CRUISE IN THE FLYING DUTCHMAN, COLLECTED FROM THE PAPERS OF THE LATE MR. GEOFFREY FENTON, OF POPLAR, MASTER MARINER. BY W. CLARK. RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Golden Hope,' &c;, &c.; [All Queensland Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER XLV.--WE BRING UP IN A BAY. I could not at that time know what part of the South' African coast was this we had made, but I have since learnt that it lies a few miles to the eastward of the meridian of 22 degrees, and about 160 miles from Cape Agulhas. When it first came into sight, as I have said, it was but a faint, long-drawn shade in the light blue of the sky over the horizon, with such a fairy tincture of the flanking eminence beyond that the whole was as delicately tender as the visionary shore of a dream. But before the dinner-hour had come round we had stolen nearly two leagues closer to it, and the coast lay plain enough and very brave with colours, the green of several dyes, the mountain skylines of an exquisite clearness of cutting in the radiant atmosphere and against the hard azure brilliance of the heavens, and the tracts of white sand low down as lustrous as the foam of a dissolving surge. Soon after the land had hove into view Imogene joined me. She had kept her feelings under whilst near Vanderdecken. Now, by my side, she stood with 20 emotions working in her, her nostrils quivering, her lips pale, the coming and going in her cheeks, the bright light that a passing hope flashed into her eyes dying out to the tearful shadowing of some bitter fear. I said to her, very softly, and keeping my face as expressionless as my inward agitation would permit— for Vanderdecken and his mates conferred together near us, sometimes stopping close, sometimes pacing—"If this pace holds our anchor should be down by dusk." "What will they do?" she asked. "I have been asking that question of my- self," I replied. "Were they human — of this earth— I could foretell their movements. No sooner were they come to an anchor than they would turn to and get the guns and cargo over to one side, that by listing the ship they might bring the leak out of water and save them- selves this starving job of pumping. But we have to base conjecture upon men who are neither dead nor alive, who are Dutchmen besides— I mean of a dull and apathetic habit, and they may wait for daylight and so obtain rest, of which they should get as much as they want with the reliefs they are able to send to the pump." "What should best fit your project, Geof- frey?" "Oh," said I, under my breath, "if we are to escape we shall need a deserted deck and a sleeping ship." "If this should come about to-night, will you make the venture?" "I cannot tell. Put it thus: If they shift the cargo after coming to an anchor, with the idea of raising the leak clear, the work may occupy them all night. So all night long the ship will be alive and busy, and there will be no chance for me." "But the ship will also be alive, if they con- tinue to ply the pump, which must be done, if she is not to sink." "Yes," said I, "so I may have to wait till to-morrow night." She cried, with a quick blanching of her face that cruelly proved her stock of strength but slender, "If they careen the ship to-night, they will be able to repair the leak in the morning, and be ready to sail before the evening." "I do not fear that." "Yet it might happen, Geoffrey. They will put you on shore before sailing—" she stopped, bringing her hands together with a passionate clasp. "I do not fear that," said I again. "Much will depend on where the leak is. If it be low down they may not be able to come at it with- oit discharging cargo, which, seeing that they have but those two boats yonder to work with, and that they will have to make tents ashore and protect themselves against the natives— if any there be here--should keep them on the move for a long month. No, dearest, I do not fear that they will get away by to-morrow night--not if they were ten times as numerous and as nimble; nor is it probable that Vander- decken would suffer me to be marooned, till the ship is ready to start. My one anxiety is just now the weather. There is tranquillity in that dark-blue sky over us; the wind weakens as we approach the land, and there is promise of a calm night. May God help me to achieve my purpose before another 12 hours have rolled by. She looked at me with eagerness and alarm. "To-night!" she cried. "If this ship lies here for days, as you imagine, how, when we are ashore, dare we hope to escape the strenuous search Vanderdecken is certain to make for us?" I smiled; she continued, with a feverish whisper: "Consider, dearest! If we are captured— he will have your life. God knows into what barbarities his rage may drive him!" "Dearest," said I, gently, "let us first get our of the ship." And here we broke off, for our shispering had lasted long enough. Soon after this we went below to dinner. At the start we none of us spoke, our behaviour and perhaps our appearance answering very exactly to the poet's description of a party in a parlour who sat-- All silent and all damned! Outside the sun shone gloriously, and the blue air had the purity of polished glass; but only a small portion of light found admission through the small windows in the cabin front, and we ate and gazed upon one another in a sullen atmosphere as gloomy as the expression on Vanderdecken's face. At this moment I see him plain as on that day; his beard falling to his waist, his head slightly bowed, and his glance travelling in a gaze that would often stop and become fixed, his skin bleak and high and drawn with pallor. He was attired in a sort of blouse of dark green cloth, confined about his waist by a yellow belt fastened by a small metal clasp, that would have given him a romantic and buccaneering look but for the austere majesty and fateful character of his appearance, which inevitably neutralised every suggestion that did not accord with the solemn, horrible mystery of his being. We sat for some time, as I have said, as silent as the dead, but on reflecting that there was nothing--in reason--I could say likely to pro- cure me a harder fate than that already de- signed by these men, I determined to ask a question of two, and said-- "Has your carpenter ascertained in what part of the ship the leak is, mynheer?" He turned his eyes round upon me slowly. He was indeed stately in all he did. I never beheld him glance quickly nor start, and the only time in which his dignity fell, torn in rags from him, was the night he acted over the scene of the Curse in his sleep. He answered, "Yes." "Is it far down?" asked Imogene. "The ship will need heeling to four strakes," he replied. I dropped my knife on the deck for the excuse to pick it up, that I might hide the de- light in my face. A list of four strakes would prove but a very small matter to bring about, and my fears that the Vessel would linger for days, perhaps for a month, on this coast vanished. "I hope," said I, "it may not prove worse than a started butt- end." "It is that, and no more," said he. "How much more would you have, Heer Fenton?" exclaimed Van Vogelaar, in his ugliest manner. "Dost suppose our pump can deliver half the great South Sea with every stroke." "It should take us four days of easy work- ing," said I, "to careen, repair, and start afresh, snugly stowed." "You are in a hurry to get home, sir, no doubt?" exclaimed Van Vogelaar. "Sir," said I, "I am addressing the captain." "Skipper," cried the man, "Heer Fenton is in a hurry to get home. We should put him in the way o' making a speedy passage." "I expect to return in this ship," said I, speaking with my eyes on Vanderdecken. "I am well satisfied. Nothing stauncher floats. Consider, mynheer, how nobly she has acted in the gales we have encountered. It would please me to entreat you to use such poor skill, as I have as a mariner in helping your men; but your courtesy is magnanimous--of a form that is to be met with in the highest perfection in the Hollander of lineage— and I will not risk my own civility by further requests." He motioned with his hand, contenting himself with whatever answer the gesture signified. I perceived there was no further information to be obtained from him— from Van Vogelaar nothing but sneers and insults — and so held my peace. Yet I had learnt some- thing. When, after dining, I went on deck, the land looked as near again as it had when I went below. This was owing to the amazing trans- parency and purity of the atmosphere, insomuch that every 20 fathoms the ship measured was like adding a fresh lens to a perspective glass. Yet it was not until 4 o'clock that the coast lay so clear as to render every detail of it a visible thing, and then the sight was helped by the sun being on the larboard side and shower- ing his glory aslant, which, mingling with the golden splendour rising out of his wake in the sea put an extraordinary shining into the atmosphere, but without the lustrous haze that had been rising, when he was right over the land and kindling the water under our bows. 'Twas the picture of a bay with a shelving beach thickly green with bushes and trees, in and out of which there winded lengths and lines of exceedingly white sand that trembled to the sunshine with the shivering metallic sheen of frosted silver. The sea went blue as the sky to the shore and tumbled into foam, in some places leaping up in creamy dartings, in others making a small crystal smoke with its boiling, elsewhere lapping tenderly and expiring in ripples. The azure heights beyond, which had seemed to closely flank the coast when first beheld, drew inland with our approach, marking their remoteness by the retention of their lovely atmospheric delicacy of colour, and their height by the lengths of vapour that clung to their mighty slopes at various altitude, like fragments of great silken veils or cloths of pale gold which had been rent while blowing along. The seaboard went in a rugged line east and west by the compass, sometimes coming very low down, sometimes soaring into great fore- lands, plentifully covered with wild growths, as you saw by the several dyes of green that coated it, and in one place, about a league from the bay, a pale blue smoke rising up denoted a bushfire, and as it was easy to suppose, the presence of natives. The sky was catching a tinge of brassy hardness from the westering sun, and the complexion of it, where the mountain heights were, somehow made you think of measureless miles of hot and cloudy sand glowing yellowly up into that feverish reflection. The weak swell that lifted us rolled in wind-wrinkled folds into the bay, which yawned unsheltered to the south. I knew from experience that it needs no great wind on the coast to raise a monstrous sea, and it was with unspeakable eagerness and anxiety that I directed my eyes from the land to the sky over- head and on our quarters. But the promise of tranquillity seemed to deepen with the drawing down of the sun. It was sheer sapphire in the south melting eastwards into violet, and the sea that way was like an English lake; and to the left of the sun there floated a few purple clouds, which I watched some time with attention, but could not tell that they moved, though a breeze was still about us humming pleasantly aloft, keeping our old sails rounded, and sending the aged structure gliding at four knots an hour as quietly through it as a seagull paddling in the level water of a harbour. But for the tedious clanging of the pump and the fountain sounds of its discharge, the still- ness on board would have been as deep as the hush upon the land. Still, lovely as was that afternoon, I very well remember wishing it had been a month earlier or later than this. We were in a stormy time of the year in these parts, though it was summer at home. If it came Vanderdecken would have to put to sea, leak or no leak, for it was not to be supposed that mere hemp could partake of the curse, and the cable which I saw some of the crew getting up out of the hold and bending to the anchors at the bows was assuredly not going to hold this lump of a craft high out of water, and as thick as a tower aloft, for 20 solid minutes in a seaway and in the eye of a stout wind. Therefore it was, when I was alone with Imogene, the coast being then about a league distant, and the sun low, that I said to her: "Dearest, I have made up my mind to make a desperate attempt to get away with you to- night." "I am ready," she answered instantly; "you need but tell me what to do." "We must make use of this noble weather," I continued; "it is a fickle season, a change may come in half a dozen hours, and force Vanderdecken to sea with his pump going. Imogene, it must not find us aboard." "No." "There will be no moon till 11; we must be away before she rises, for she will glow brightly in that sky." "Dearest, I am ready," she repeated. "But, Geoffrey, risk nothing on the mere chance that the weather will change. You might peril your life by haste—and to-morrow night may be as reposeful as this that ap- proaches, and with a later moon, too." "Yes; but do not bid me risk nothing," I exclaimed. "We must risk every thing— our chances aboard and our chances out of the ship —or you are as good as chained to this vessel for life." [To be continued to-morrow.] 