AGRICULTURAL NOTES. Notwithstanding the great heat of the past fortnight, the pastures continue to make a rapid growth, and maintain a delightful verdant appearance. The rain, generally speaking, descended just fast enough to he all absorbed by the thirsting soil. Heat and moisture being all that is necessary for rapid growth, the change that has been brought about, particularly in artificial pastures, is simply magical. Lucerne plots have shown almost incredible growth, fully establishing its claim as the best- known plant for summer fodder. Harvesting operations are still proceeding in the late districts such as Kyneton, Lancefield, Daylesford. aud Ballarat. Considerable damage was done to crops in those districts by the heavy rains, both the ha v and grain crops being very much dis coloured. Hay has fallen in price, but, if the weather continues hot and dry for a few weeks there will very soon be an increased demand fortliis product. There areiiumerous complaints regarding the quality of the butter reaching . market and; dairymen should be very carofiu not to permit their milking cattle to feed too long at a time on lucerne or in other fields where there is a rank "rowth. In the early dis- ti icts preparations will shortly have to be made for ploughing, and this operation cannot now be commenced too soon, as early and deep plougliing means a good seed-bed by tho time tlie farmers are ready to sow tlieir grain. Land holders need to he reminded that their hearty, co-operation is now necessary in subduing the rabbit pest. "We hear from all quarters that the rodents arc on the increase, and it is cer tainly to the interests of landholders theui- selves to unite in destroying the common enemy without having to he forced into the position by the municipal councils. ! The hottest weather experienced for nineteen years has recently visited nearly all parts of New South Wales, and it is feared that the ex cessive heat coming so suddouly will neutralise to, a great extent the beneficial effects of the rain. The young and tender pasture which was encouraged to shoot up again has in inany places been withered without a chance of maturing. Hot and muggy, oppressive weather haB been tho rule around the metropolis and near the coast. On tho tableland bushfires have been raging, and tlie smoke has been hanging heavily about the lowlands. Over the moun tains the heat felt and rcgisteredhasapproached ii maximum. At Cobar it reached 114dcg. in the shade: at Deniliquin, llSdeg. iu the shade; at Turaworth, lOUdeg. to 104deg.; at Merriwa, llOdeg.; and at Bourkc, 117dog. (lyth inst,). In Sydney it reached 102-8deg. on ' the 14th inst. : The greatest heat ever ex perienced in Sydney was in January, 1863, when the thermometer rose to 10fi'lJ-10deg. in tho shade : the greatest heat ever recorded in tlie colony was at Bouirke, 011 17th January. 1877, when the thermometer rose to l'id-s deg. .' The highest ever recorded by a scien tific observer was by Start, in the interior of Australia, where, under the shade of a tree, his thermometer reached 131deg. That ex perience has never been repeated by any settler so far as has been recorded, but there is 110 reason to doubt the accuracy of Sturt's obser vation. Hot winds have been experienced iiiMuilgco. Very little stock is being moved; anil the pastures and tanks are drying up again, although tlie rivers are "full and running:. but the Xamoi is reported as being putrid at Nnrrabvi. Rain is saiil to be badly wanted at Bathurst. Just for the moment stock generally arc doing well ; but, though prices of feed stuff arc lower, tho imports continue to come in largely. For the relief of suffering humanity, a southerly liustcr 011 Monday even ing cooled the air. But tho weather has turned warm again. The majority of Victorian fanners have to pur chase nearly every article required in daily use in every family, all of which could he produced on the farm with the same ease and certainty as wheat, and with a much better prospect of continued and satisfactory profits. If indi vidual fanners would take this subject of a greater diversity of crops home to themselves, and study it in tlic light of tho benefits it would bring to their cvvn households, mul act in accordance with their own best judgment, wo should lxeai' much less complaint of hard times atiil the unprofitableness of fanning as an occu pation. Our farmers, as a class and as indi viduals, trust too much to the failure or success of single operations — of single crops. The grain grower turns all his attention to grain, and buys his butter, cheese, potatoes, cabbag6, bacon, pork, beef and mutton, andmany times liis eggs, his green and dried fruit, and many other little necessaries and luxuries which lie might just as well produce 011 liis own fann. Is there any wonder, then, at the enil of the year he finds the proceeds of liis single grain" crop all ex hausted, even in a season of good crops and good prices? And if such he the case under favourable circumstances, what must be his condition when his wheat crop fails or when the crop being abundant he can find neither foreign nor home demand for it, as has been shown may happen almost any year? To rentier farmers independent and insure their jiennanent prosperity tho entire systoin of farming must be changed. Each farm must produce the necessary vegetables and fruit of all kinds for the family, imust" support a few sheep, a fow pigs, ohickens, turkeys, and all tlie othor necessaries that go to make life on the farm comfortable and the occupation of the fanner independent and remunerative. The "greenness" of pooplewlio live in this country "is regarded as proverbial, hut the " sharper" has to get up pretty early in order to get the hotter of the average Australian fanner. In the United States the farmer is the prey of all kinds of scamps, as paragraphs in American papers are constantly illustrating. The most common expedient just now appears to bo that of getting a farmer to sign what lie supposes to be an ordinary sale contract, but which turns out to be a promissory note. For example, tho Chicago Farmers' Jlcncw reports a trick lately played extensively iujthe dairying districts of N e w York State, Butteristhcre abun dant and cheap, Suddenly tliere appear some hustling btiyers, who represent themselves as belonging to well-known New York firms. After inspecting tlio goods, tlicy offer two or three cents above the market value of the article, and :jsk the farmer to deliver it at a certain time aud place, This lie agrees to do, but in order to make sure, thu buyers ask him to sign a contract to this effect. The farmer signs, and a few days or weeks later a rcgularly drawn note is presented to him for payment— a note which lie has signed, and which has been sold to some third party. Of course, the foolish mail had not read over what lie had signed, or if I10 read it, he was too dense to understand it. It is pleasant, however, to ye id that the biter sometimes gets bitten.' Tib! P. we read in an American exchange that a sharper bought a countryman's fann 111 Ohio for .61,000, and pajii liim £100 to bind the bargain, a like amount to he forfeited by tlie farmer if he did not deliver the farm at a specified date. A few davs later the partner of Sharper No. 1 came along and offered the farmer £1,600 for his land, but tlie latter was ,too honest to break his bargain. Then Nq. 1 came hack, and unilcrstaiulir,g that tlic country man was in luck, proposed to share it with liim, tie would release his bar gain for £800j and the fanner might make £300 by selling to No. 2, But the fanner was anxious to stick to liis first bargain ; the old place wasn't worth mqye than £1,000 aqy way. No. 1 would take 15240, £200, £IQ0, and finally the £100 which ho had paid the farmer. But 'po; the countryman proposed to carry out the original agreement, and the result was that tlic £100 forfeit was loft in his hands. An American authority 011 dairy matters tells us that if a herd of dairy cows is to he mude a profitable possession, the fann on which it is kept must first of all be in a profitable con-, ilition. A rich fann makes rich milk, and suqh milk makes the dairyman rich. It is a mistake to think that just because o.ue possesses a daily herd ins income is assured, 'A good herd is spoiled by a biid faym. ppciy pastures, and poor mnPilSPu'ieut, Depend upon it tlie good herd will y»ot make tlic fann good, nor remain long In a condition better than flic farm. There is nothing more, important in the way of perfecting tho dairy herd than that of getting the cows into good habits. Just as good habits are the governing principles ox the growing child, so it is with the coming cow. S'e 19 the pure creature of habit, and tiiyl trait should bo cultivated and trained, The character of the cow sqgms to partake strongly of her surround- in«'s,'"aud 'this is governed by the nature of the iiiau who ' directs, the 'farm. If ho is careless aqd'ignorantj tlic co.w is certain to. be equally careless, and' ignorant, and if he is pustdbgi energetic, and gb-.ahead in his sfarfe S hUStiiess, the 'pow wili respond to, tlieo sehtiiqeiits. By simply looking at the tanh you can usually tell tlic style qt amma( you will hnil, qu the taim. Froiij pis 1V9 learn that (lie man's mind is :tl(e Startum point from which all good or evij iiqws throughout. >the whole working of tlio fann and the animals oil it. Just as he wills it, so it will be, and there is 110 escaping this conclusion, no matter how much he may lay the responsibility to luck, the weather, or- the moon. Lay the blame for what goes, wrong to your own head, and- nine times out of Ago you will have reached the origp vf'a your- troubles. Teach voqr cpws that they have, certain duties to perform at certain lioura of the. dav, qijd ft i6 w'oudeful hoy. promptly- thdy wfll respond to your reasonable require-. penjs." But 'thip must be d,nc witji regularity, not ouly in matters of iuipin'tuuce, Liit particularly in those points of apparent small necessity. Cows should not only he fed and milked at regular hours, but they should be made to always occupy the same stalls, and be milked in the same order. These little things go a great way in fixing her character, and often settle the point of profit or loss in the year's work. t One of the best paying animals on the farm, savs the A mcriean Cultivatort is the pig. He can digest almost every kind of refuse produced from the farm; he works up leaves, straw, weeds, and sods into fine manure, and when the animal is slaughtered every particle of it can bo made use of. Thoy are profitable, hut thev are so onlv when rightly fed mid managed., The man that cares not to feed his stock on decent food doesn't deserve to have any : and h i rarely succeeds in getting a profit out of them, as some mysterious disease usually makes its appearance and sweeps his stock of pigs, ami he calls it his luck, when most of the time it can he traced to had food and worse sur roundings. The man anywhere who is not overcome by liis enemies will find after a time that they have helped rather than harmed him. Somo tribes of savages have a curious idea that their braves become ondowetl with all the prowess of the enemies whom they kill in battle. So they go to war with tho greater vigour as a means of self -improvement. There is some question as to the validity of this savage heathen notion; hut there cau he no doubt that S I far as men combat inanimate obstacles, they tire benefited by the effort required to overcome from them. The extra culture which is required to subdue weeds has a beneficial effect upon the soil : without this necessity it might be neglected. The soil grows richer. Weeds increase proportionahly and crowd out of the business those who do not give farming the proper attention. Insect enemies increase the farmer's aires, and fully keep pace with the saving of his labour mude by improved funning implements. This is especially tme in new departments of farming. Potatoes have several enemies besides the rot, aud most of these were unknown until potatoes begau to be grown 011 a large scale. In fruit growing this is especially true. Wherever enormous orchards are planted tho codling moth and canker worm depredate on the apple, the slug upon the pear, and the curculio oil plum and other stone fruits. 