The Storyteller. Jane. [BY MARK WEST] (Australasian.) II. It was certainly very hot. The yellow atmosphere quivered visibly over the sun- burnt grass, the air was thick with the smoke or distant bush-fires, and heavy with the incense of the gum leaves. The locusts drummed drowsily in the trees, but it was still too hot for song of aught else, and the very magpies were mute, and panted dumbly in the insufficient shade. June walked on, ill at ease in body and in mind. Each separate and particular bone ached dully— the result of continued overtoil ; and her heart ached still more heavily for her sister's troubles, and per- haps a little for her own. Moreover, she was full of righteous wrath against her brother-in-law, Robert Harper. Robert, the selfish, the unfeeling, utterly un- principled, dead to all sense of duty, callous, Marcia's possible murderer ! " Brute!" she thought, indignantly, " to leave us here so long in such a plight and at such a time. Why, he could have been home long ago if he had chosen ! He is something of a boaster— perhaps he has fallen among thieves and has lost his money, and is afraid to face us ! I shouldn't be surprised at any wicked folly on his part. If Marcia dies— and indeed she will have a hard fight for it between anxiety and semi starvation, poor girl — he will have killed her as much as if he had stabbed her. Not that he is much good when he is at home — what I don't do is left undone, for all he cares ; but Marcia is happier in an uneasy kind of way when he is near her, and so I wish he would come back, the wretch ! I wonder what she could have seen in him to love ? He is handsome certainly, and when he chooses his manner is pleasant ; but his gentlemanliness is only a thin veneer at best, and he dosen't wear it out by use at home. He is selfish, extrava- gant— bah ! what is the use of going over his faults ? If only he would be good to Marcia— really nice and affectionate— I would forgive him his laziness and every- thing else ; but now that she is losing her looks and her spirits as well as her health, and poverty has come in at the door his love has gone out at the win- dow." Her angry thoughts acted as a spur, and, in spite of the heat, she walked briskly on along a narrow cattle track that wound through bracken breast high. Half a mile and more away on her left the great Southern Ocean heat unrestingly on the surf- worn shore with a roar like muffled thunder. Westward, the river ran singing on its way to the sea ; and for it she was bound, on catching toothsome perch or bream intent. She loved the river — its high, rocks banks pierced with shadowy caves, draped with luxuriant creepers, and crowned with stringybark forests, where- in the thrush piped his silver song, and the bell-bird chimed all day ; its wide and shining reaches, its dark and sheltered pools, in which the stealthy cray fish lurked for their prey, like monstrous spiders awaiting unwary flies— almost better than the tea itself. It was her sanctuary, her haven and rest, and con- solation, to which she fled confidently, dropping her burden of troubles and anxieties into its cool depths, and draw- ing in from its placid bosom peace of spirit and renewed strength of heart. There was no sweeter or more soothing music in her ears than the low ripple of its waters lapping on the rocks, there was no prettier sight to her eyes than the delicate dappling of sunlight and shadow on its surface, and the graceful gliding of the silvery fish below. Moreover — but this was scarcely ac- knowledged to herself a yet — it was bound up in her thoughts with the great joy of her life. For here, at this very spot where she now stood in cool shade, she had first met Hector Mackinnon, whose timely and had rescued her in some little difficulty with her line one day while she was in mid-stream a fishing, which aid laid the foundation of a warm friend- ship between them — a friendship which to Mrs. Harper's jealous eyes, seemed only too likely to merge into something warmer and closer still. Hector Mackinnon was the manager on Glenfine, a small station on the other side of the river, and was, to Jane's thinking, the comeliest young fellow in the whole of Victoria. He was, even to less partial eyes, a fine-looking, frank, and honest faced young man, high-spirited, cheerful, generous, a trifle hasty and impetuous, but a good man of business and a general favourite. The neighbours seeing them walking together would nod their heads and smile well pleased, saying that they would trouble you to show a finer couple or a better matched within a hundred miles, a challenge which, after all, it might have been somwhat risky to accept, for they certainly were as fine specimens of man and girlhood as could be wished, healthy, upright, courageous, cheerful, and well- looking exceedingly. Jane stood on the river edge and looked across to the other bank with eyes full of happy anticipation—she scarcely knew of what ; it had become a habit with her to find happiness there. It was hardly likely she thought, that anyone would be there at that time ; passers by — the mounting colour marked the half- conscious hypo- crisy—were infrequent in those solitudes She unmoored her boat, and, stepping in, pushed a little away from the bank and flung her triple-hooked line—for she was on business not on pleasure bent— deftly across into the " dark hole where the fish will bit all the day." Then, tilt- ing her hat forward to shade her face, she gave herself up to reverie, while her eyes followed the wild circling of innu- merable water beetles, as they madly scudded, apparently without aim, to and fro over the transparent surface. She sat there some little time, vaguely dreaming, serenely content, placidly waiting for the first bite ; but was pre- sently thrilled into intense consciousness of her surroundings by the echo of a clear whistle ringing through the trees on the bank above her, to which the jingle of a bit and the measured tramp of a horse's hoofs made pleasant accompaniment. The warm blood rushed over her face and throat ; she felt thankful that the rider was too far off to see that signal of distress—or delight, rather. But though her blush was invisible, she herself wan not ; and Hector Mackinnon, exhibiting lively and pleasurable surprise at the unexpected meeting, dismounted, and fastening his horse to a convenient tree, came down to the bank to join her. " Are you going to make me stand here. Miss Moore ?" he said persuasively. " Are not you going to put back a little— just, a little, as far as that old log—and let me come on board ? You need not pull up your anchor — let her stern swing round — so, and I can reach her from the log. Ah! thanks." He was in the boat, and had her hand in his, while he looked at her with an expression in his eyes that set her heart beating with a provoking violence that she could have fancied was visible. " This is jolly," said Hector, setting himself beside her, and still looking at her with that happy persistence. " Do you know I thought I might find you here to-day ?" This with a fine disregard of the surprise he had expressed so elaborately a minute before. " I thought you seemed astonished at my being out in the heat ; but it is cooler on the river than in the house, and I wanted some fish." Jane spoke with a happy smile on her lips, but with her eyes carefully bent on her float. " Well, you've got one," as the float bobbed up and down agitatedly. Let me take in your line. You are lucky ; two fine fellows, by Jove !" He disengaged the gasping, struggling fish from the hooks, baited them afresh, and whirled the line out into the water again. " Yes," he said ; I hoped I might find you here ; if I hadn't I should have gone to your house. I wanted to be the first to tell you my good news." " Good news ! I am very glad," said Jane, with swift sympathy. " What is it ?" " I am going away immediately—from Glenfine, I mean." Alas ! for Jane's brief delight ! It seemed to her that her heart suddenly stopped still, and for a miserable minute Hector, the shining river, the green tree- covered banks—everything seemed mixed up in inextricable confusion. Good news ! and that he should think it so ! There lay the pinch. With a great effort she subdued her- self, and managed to speak in her clear, natural tone. " That is sudden, isn't it ?" she said, bending over the side of the boat to watch a solemn-faced fish that was float- ing near the surface of the water. " Well, hardly," answered Hector, a little disconcerted by her self-possession. " I've been thinking of it for some time, and now that my opportunity has come I mustn't let it slip." Jane watched her fish, and Hector watched her, slightly aggrieved that she had not displayed greater disturbance. " I have had the offer of the manage- ment of Killara—New South Wales, you know—with the promise of a partnership at the end of two years. I should be a fool to refuse, shouldn't I ?" " New South Wales !" repeated Jane blankly, and Hector's spirits began to revive slightly at sight of her evident dismay. " We shall never see you then." " I shall not be able to come back here for years, I expect," said Hector gaily ; " but—but——" he hesitated for a mo- ment, then drawing closer he suddenly slipped his arm about her waist, and poured out with quite amazing eloquence the story of his love for her. Jane trembled from head to foot ; the revulsion of feeling was almost too great for her. All her troubles melted into thin air —only her joy remained. Hec- tor's arm was about her, his eyes were gazing fondly into hers—what could harm her now ? There was for her, for a brief minute. Paradise. Heaven !— what- ever best expresses absolute content, in- effable bliss! But only for a brief minute, for before her rose up Marcia's pale face and anguished eyes—" Promise me. promise me, Jane," she seemed to be saying. " Will you marry me straight away, my darling ?" Hector murmured. " It isn't as if we were desperately fashionable people, who needed to make all sorts of preparations. You can get anything you want in the way of clothes as we pass through Melbourne. Will you. Jane ?" " I can't," said Jane tremulously. " You can't !" he started aside as if he had been struck. " I can't leave Marcia,'' said Jane, despairingly. " She has her husband, he can't stay much longer away if he means to return at all." Hector spoke with a coldness that chilled Jane to the marrow of her bones. He was grievously angry. " She isn't strong, and he is not as good to her as he should be," said Jane, blush- ing over the painful revelation. " I mean —he is not considerate for her. I couldn't leave her just yet, Hector. I can't explain but indeed I could not. You can't guess what her life is." " I know that her husband is a bad lot, but I don't see why you should sacrifice yourself and me to him." " It isn't for him I despise him thoroughly," said Jane, desperately. " But, really, it wouldn't be possible for me to leave Marcia yet, it would simply break her heart. I am all she bas to trust to." She looked imploringly in her lover's face. " Oh, you don't know, and I can't explain !" she cried. " She ought to be able to trust to her husband," said Hector gloomily. " Don't you think you might consider me a little in the matter ? I must go in a week, and I want to take my wife with me, for God knows when I may be able to return." " A week ! Oh, Hector !" cried Jane, wringing her hands. " I can't leave her so soon as that— don't ask me ! I have promised her to stay with her till she is stronger—or dead.' " Why, Great Heavens !" said Hector, indignantly, " that may be for your whole life ! What a reckless promise ! Had you no thought for me ? You can hardly love me as I love you, or you could never have made such a promise." He with- drew his arm from her waist, and pulling his hat over his eyes, shrouded himself in deepest gloom. The iron entered into Jane's soul. She watched him silently, white and still, with a bleeding heart. That he could think she did not love him, she, to whom to love once was to love always, fully, faithfully ! It was as the bitterness of death itself. " Prove your love for me by marrying me before I go," said Hector, watching her eagerly. There was a brief bitter struggle in poor Jane's heart. Must she indeed let her lover go from her ? " I have promised," she heard herself saying to Marcia. Ice-cold fingers seemed laid on her heart numbing her into a decep- tive composure. On one hand stood Marcia pleading her promise, pointing to her misery, pale, wan, with haggard eyes ; on the other Hector holding out his strong arms to her, wherein lay her happiness. " Will you give yourself to me or to her ?" said Hector jealously. He was suffering acutely ; he felt almost inclined to doubt her capability for loving— she seemed so cold. How had he been de- ceived in this ice-maiden, whom he had taken for a warm, loving human soul ? " Oh, you are cruel, you don't know—" Jane cried, " I can't leave her yet. It would kill her. And I have promised." " For her, then." Hector rose, pique and disappointed love gnawing at his heart, stepped out of the boat on to the old log, and stalked up the bank away from her without another word. He un- tied his horse, mounted, and was lost to sight among the trees. (To be continued.) 