FIELD NATURALISTS' CLUB OF VICTORIA. The monthly meeting of the Field Natura- lists' Club was held at the Royal Society's Hall, on Monday evening. Mr. D. Best (hon. treusurer) was voted to the chair, and about 50 members and visitors were present. The hon. librarian reported the receipt of several valuable donations to the club's library. On a ballot being taken, Messrs. A. S. Hemmy, E. Love, and G. Neilson were duly elected members of the club. 'The Rev. F. R. M. WILSON read a paper entitled "A Hunt for Lichens in East Gipps- land,"and furnished " a list and descriptions of new Victorian lichens ." The author gave an interesting account of a visit to the country around Orbost, on the Snowy River, and around Cunninghame at the Lakes Entrance, which latter district he thought in a more favourable season-i.e., one free from bush-fires-would be well worth the atten- tion of naturalists. He submitted a list of 60 species of lichens new to Victoria, and de- scriptions of 30 species of Victorian lichens new to science, which were taken as read. A paper by tile Rev. J. E Tenison-Woods, F.G b-"The Geology ot Arnheim'sLand," part 2-was read, in wbicn the author con- tinued his description of the characteristic features of the Northern Territory, and gave some account of the mineral resources ot the country. Mr. T. G. Sloane forwarded a note on the effect of meth)late(l spirits on certain species of beetles, which created some little discus- sion. Mr. A. J. Campbell read a note on the crested penguins of Australia and New Zealand, which be considered identical species. The principal exhibits were .-By Mr. A. J. Campbell, mounted specimens of crested penguins, also eggs of crested, little, and fairy penguins ; by Mr. A. Coles, birds and cobra Irom Ceylon : by Mr. C French, jun . birds' eggs from Tasmania, Victoria, and Queens- land ; by Mr. H. Gmt sun, collection of New Zealand diutomncea ; by Mr li Hall, Cejlon, tea plant and seed , by Mr. G A Keartland, three species Victorian hirds and nest, and eggs of lanulated honeyeater ; by Mr. II. Kennon, lutalves from South Pacific ; by Huron F. Von Mueller, now orchid Irom East Gippsland, dracaea huntiana. Alter an interesting conversazione, the meeting terminated. 