General N1ews. Mi. W Gannon has been offered and refused 2000 guineas for Jlebs. Three "thouL" was wanted. Tux highest building in the ?nrird is now being erected on Broadway, New York. It will be seventeen stories high, and contain 950 offices. Loan Barsio.'s 'herd of deer at ibk worth Park, Bury St Edmonds, has been attacked by anthrax. Nearly 200 ani male, principally does and fawns, have died, Assacoas.has started 35 `times, and won 21. The amount won by this grand horse is £12,324-the largest sum ever won by a horse in Australia. Hales has ridden him in every race in which he has started. A cLus¶e of the illiterate in the various countries in the world places the three Slavio states of Ronmania, Servia, and Rssia at the bead of the list, with about 80 per cent, of the population unable to read and write, In England the per. centage is 13, in New; Soith.. Wales Minister of Education statel on Thursday night that in two months' time the supply of youths as pupil teachers would h? exhaus:cd. and ,ha dEpatcent eoc''i Leos t hbunt up"persons capable of imparting instruc tion in the public schooks of Neow South Wales. A man named Buchanan, at Ironbark, found his brother hanging by the neck, and thought he was doing him a good turn by cutting him down. The would be suicide seized an iron bar, and inflicted such severe injuries upon his benefactor that he stands a fair chance of being hanged after all. THE AraTra Aderlseier sayS that num. bers of caterpillars are attacking the vines in that district, and a great amount of damage is resulting from their ravages. Fortunately a species cf ichneumon is preying upon the pest, and assisting man in its destruction. The insect is a species of coleoptera, the elytra being short and triangular in form. They attack even large caterpillars and feed upon them, apparently as a spider does upon a fly. In some places ants are also attacking the caterpillars, numbers of them falling uPop and killing them. A IRssIAN CURE FOR INTEMPERANCE. -Dr. Portugaleff, of RPtseoa, has dis covered that drunkenness may be cured by subcutaneous iniections of strychnire. in the proportion of I grain to 2(0 dro; s of water, 5 drops to be injocted every twenty-four hours for eight or ten conso cutive days. The patient will find, ac cording to Dr. Portugaloff, that " the first attempt to resumeo drinking will produce such painful and nauseating sensations that he will turn away from the liquor in disgust." A cumous accident, which happened recently in Paris, points out a possible danger in the wearing of combs and bracelets of celluloid. A little girl sat down before the fire to prepare her les sons. Her hair was kept bast by what was called a " crop comb," a semicircular comb of celluloid. As her head was bent forward to the fire this became warm, and suddenly burst into flame,. The child's hair was partly burnt off, and the skin of the head was so injured that severals months after, though the burn was healed, the cicatrix formed a white patch on which no hair would grow. The burning point of celluloid is about 180 deg., and the comb worn by the girl had attained that heat as it was held be fore the fire. A .osT amusing incdent is recorded by the London correspondent to the Birmingham Daily Mail:-A country clergyman got into an omnibus at thb corner of Oxford-circus to go to the Lon don Bridge terminus, and in his hurry he got into a 'bus-say No. 1-going to Liverpool street station. After the omnibus had gone on for only a few feet \--scarcely yards-he discovered his mis take, and hastily got out and ran into the proper Lcndon Bridge omnibus. The condnotor of the first 'bus. however, fol lowed him into this 'bus--'bus No. 2-ý and sent, "Yer, I want's tuppence." ' What for?" mildly -responded the cleric. "I want's tuppence, for getting into my 'bs." The clergyman rather than have a scene, "parted," though very reluctantly, as may be imagined. Just as the conductor of 'bus No. 1 was going off elate with his "perks," he was taken in band by conductor of omnibus No. 2. ': Yer, matey, I want's tuppence." • What for ?" exclaimed 'the astonished conductor of No, 1 '" Why. for getting into my 'bus." And he got it. IT is not often that the abundance of grass open their runs is a source of serious anxiety to the pastoralists of the Ararat district, but such rppears to be the case this season remarks the Adver tiser. In all directions the grass is unusually luxuriant, and the stock are not able to'consume even a moiety of the growth. Indeed, in many of the paddocks on the Challicum Estate the grass stands like a field of waving corn, and a flock of sheep in it cannot be seen if only a short distance away. Fears are entertained that great loss will ensue this season by bushfires, and in order to minimise this evil men are employed ploughing breaks at regular intervals. These are about C feet wide. and it is thought that by killing the grass on these breaks the progress of an advancing fire will be so checked that a compara tively limited number of men will be able to control and ultimately extinguish it. A GooD REcoRD.-- The Warrnambool Standard gives the following :-The train which journeyed to Port Fairy on Sunday last appears to have gained some experience in the slaughtering business, as it succeeded in killing one horse, wounding another, and giving a third a severe shock, while it also massacred two dogs. On returning from Port Fairy in the evening, and when the train was travelling at the rate of 35 miles an hour. the driver and some of the passengers noticed three draught horses grazing inside the fence some little distance ahead, and about two miles from loroit, The animals became alarmed on hearing the train approaching, and commenced galloping towards Koroit, eventually getting on the line when the engine was only a few yards from them. The brakes were applied, but the train could not be stopped quick enough to avert an acci dent. One horse was struck by the engine, and sent rolling over and over down the side of an embankment. Another fell down, and was carried alongin front of the engine for a short distance till one of those pitfalls known as "cow-catchers' was reached. The animal was sent into this, and the wheels of the engine and carriages passed over two of its legs, cutting them ofi. The third horse succeeded in getting clear of the train. The animals belonged to Mr. Mclnerney, a resident in the locality, who happened to be in Warrnambool at the time of the catastrophe. He will be a heavy loser by the accident, and it is said that he can ill afford the loss. When nearing Yangery the train met with another adventure, and on this occasion the sufferers belonged to the canine race, Two dogs rushed in front of the approach ing train, and were knoaked over and killed. \- STarrtLso TREoarEs Faoac D. SYtES TnossEsos:-" An exceediagly solemn sub jec from a physician's pint of ~ioew is ' ncoholic inheritsnce,'" said Dr. Symes Thompson at Gresham Coll'g-. " We doctors are often tempted to 'rish cha the human race could bh proigatrc d with as much care ao is ahown in tohe breedino of hrseos." Ti- lect:re. fIt lowed wir., a really terrible lis: of the cr-lc to wvhich '" aneohlIc sub.ects." or thie ci::lca c nd chitaer's childrh n !orn of dr:r 5:o-2 irahL:, ::ot :,-- -- .:-- - - .i ,-ieii were r2.ica. i cas ".ry not..c5?o -ai, the I'.:?,r, hl murc-h th, ,;?al chri:eter ot thu drunkard was d'stro ed, and :h sume eent of the arcnt'o in was itr..: able in his children. Agarin, drink wo,, the greate.- destroyer of brain powrer in l1h world, and its re-u!ts wera wonder fully manifested in the drunkard's issue. It was well understood that drink des troyed.self control, and a great necessity of the present day was tbhe training of drunkiard's chill:en in self-control. The doctor thoight h:-t ;:lhilanthropist. wou!d E' wesll repaid were they to pay attention to this import:nt mater. A crlriors re mark was that in which Dr. Thompson called attention to the untidy state of a drunkard', clothes, and asserted that this same carelessness was visible also in the sobes children of drunkards. To nr we-ll dresocl is to have mounted the first Etep it the ladder ot sncr-S, Send for patterns of choice woollens and self measure meat instructions to Lincoln Stuart and Co,. Limited; 23S Flindlers Street, 3Ielbourne. They will send them to you pocst free; they have the lareat tailoring ectablishment in the City, A capital business suit to measrefor 42s.--avr, 