ETICUP. From our own Correspondent. Having had occasion, recently, to go to Eticup, and not caring to pay £2 for being carried 15 miles, I tramped the dis tance ; and I now take the opportunity of sending you a few remarks on what came under my observation during the journey. It was a strange sight to me, after being informed that the Great Southern Line was in course of construction, to see no hands employed thereon. But after look ing in astonishment for some time, I was aroused from a reverie into which I had fallen, by the sound of a whistle, and presently a train from Albany laden with sleepers and rails and crowded with men, steamed up to the end of the rails and within a short distance of where I was standing. Some of the men jumped off in order to take the material from the remainder, who stayed in the trucks for the purpose of handing it out. When the train was relieved of its freight, in the course of a few minutes, it steamed away, and the men, who all set to work, laid down three quarters of a mile of sleepers by the end of the day. A similar pro gramme to this is gone through each day, and it is expected that the rails will meet here the 12th of the present month. I was much surprised to find that the bridges and culverts, in connection with this line, are built of wood instead of stone, although the quantity of the latter mater ial got from the cuttings would be more than sufficient for their construction. Stone, as every one knows, is a far more durable substance than wood, and cannot be effected by dry rot, or white ants. The Clerk of Public Works ought certainly to stipulate, when next calling for tenders for the construction of railways, that stone must be used in the erection of culverts and bridges. In many places along the railway line, the people have to use muddy water, which, although palat able, cannot be healthy. A good plan however, to precipitate the mud, is to dis solve a little alum in the water. When this is done, the water becomes as clear as that drawn from the purest spring. The climate of Eticup differs materially from that of Perth and Fremantle. The grape will not be ripe here for nearly a month yet, and some of the peaches will not be fit to pull for two months to come. So that if fruit was extensively culti vated here, the inhabitants of the city and port could get fruit from here two months after their fruit season was over. Snow, unknown at Perth, is sometimes eight inches thick in this portion of the colony, and remains on the ground for days. Sheep in this district are not affected with scab, and some of the flocks feed uncon strainedly in pastures which abound in the poison plant, without even attempting to eat the deadly herbage. At present, bushfires are raging all around Marleyup. Four or five days have elapsed since they first started. It is to be hoped that none of the settlors will suffer through the ravages of these fires. There are to be races at Kojonup, I hear, shortly. 