soMirijnwrsrMAS ADVJEN- o TUBES fN' AUSTRALIA. — — ' -fBvlA. J. S. Cahill. During December 1883, many bagmen with tayrelf were working np and down tbe Gipps- land line in Victoria, one of the most lovely and picturesque regions in the world at that season of the vear. One evening, while com- pai iug.notes at the " Commercial " in Warragal wc found that several of our number, Jim Wal ters, Arthur Stead, > Hariy Simpson and the writer had no .necessity to return to ojur head quarters -:&t; .Melbourne, having received no pressing invitations to proceea thither ; there fore' we decided to spend bur Christmas to gether at Brandy Creek, some twelve miles from Warragal, and having .procured a con veyance we set out for the scene of our_intend- «d festivities. Brandy .. Creek is one of the must inviting places one conld select for the purpose we had in view. The blue-gum. a species of. Eucalyptus, here towers three hundred feet above tbe earth's surface and reme ot the specimens are. over sixty feet in circumference. Magnificent ferns, twelve feet in height droop over each side of the road, ftirmiug arches, which again form the most pleasant and shady avenues that are likely to be met with anywhere, and the " heart's de light "and maiden-hair ferns cover the ground, making the place look like a little paradise. But, like the garden of ; Eden — if I may make the comparison — this place was not without its evil genii for it is, or, at any rate was at the time uf which I am writing, the abode" of reptiles in all sorts and conditions. We had come provided with guns intending to "teke :ad vantage of the delightful " moonlight- nights and enjoy our-, selves shooting the opossums and during £&$ day £mpioy -ourselves tnakifig large 1 col lecti qn| of ferns in oriler that wfi might send . them to -our lady -friends in Melbourne. Two -of my . frien'is, Jim and Arthur,, were dare- devil iei- lows, fond of a joke and a bit of fun, and bad proved themselves courageous on several -oc casions- whilst travelling in Queensland at a time when, the country 'was not so much opened np as it is in these fortunate days. But Harry, my third friend -was considered rather a dull, uninteresting fellow, and had the reputation of being somewhat timid. If there were nettles or horse-hair found in a bed or" a delightful shower-bath prepared by placing a ean of water over a door, it was poor Harry who was the un fortunate victim. However, appearances are often-times deceptive as we found out in the end. :: He was exceedingly good-natured and enjoyed the jokes I have mentioned as well as we enjoyed them ourselves. Our first visit to the 'possums and native bears was a most sue- e ssful one for we " bagged " about six dozen ami returned at day-break laden with skins and much pleased thinking of the fine warm rags, of our own procuring, which we should have for our night journeys during the next winter." - I need hardly say that breakfast time found bar appetites rather keen aiid that we did full justice to the new-laid eggs, home- cured ham, cream, and the -fresh butter for which Gippsland is - far-famed. We" are oc- cuppied the whole of . the day drying and stretching our 'possum skins. The atmos phere is sultry and dense volumes of smoke are issuing from the westward telling ns. that large Lash-fires are raging among the hills -in that direction, hut as it -is a - common occurrence at thiB seas-m of the year, hardly any notice is token of it. We dine in the evening and after wards adjourn to a giant gum-tree close by the house, the inside .of which has- been almost com pletely burnt out by some great bush-fire in past times. . Gur host had placed a table and four chairs-iu the interior for our comfort and d scusBiug our claiet and lighting our pipes, Jim being devotid to the chair says : " Now b<>ys, it is Christmas-eve,' let ns drink the healths of the old people at home; aiid tl.eu let us each relate s lme anecdote of by-gone Christmas-eves, and may it please God to keep us in health and strength and may we haVe many more pleasant - meetings I will start myself and relate how 1 spent last Christmas." You wili all remember Bob Lovelock; who has gone to Sydney lor his firm. Well, last vear, he and I were working on the overland track from M el bourne to Adelaide ; we used to get to Dimboolo by rail ana- then coach it pretty -well to Adelaide. We had rather rough tim<-s of it occasionally, but the'kindness andhos- pitality of our friends in the interior more ttan compensated for the inconveniences of the journey, and, as a rule, we rather enjoyed the trip. Business was lively and our .firms were pleased with ns and readily granted a request we made for a mouth's holiday. We finished np our business trip at Goolwa down by the mouth .of the Murray, and whilst there met old Tryson and Jack Henderson who were going np tbe river in tlie paddle-l>oat Paringa. Hender son kindly invited as to spend Christmas at his station at Pamrelyoo, we accepted the kind offer and began, our journey. Well, boys; you have all seeu the Murray, the. pride of all Aus tralia 1 .We often hear some of these fellows who are'-brought from boine blow about the bigr livers they have seen on the continent, but as I havn't seen those rivers I. may be . excused for my doubts as to their size and don't think they -can beat our Murray and the shooting we have there on the lagoons. After a pleasant trip of five days in the Morray — no sea-sickness, you know ; as pleasant as a mill-pond — we arrive at Cfauck-a-bend. Here Henderson had his tnrn-out and we travelled across country ar riving at the station about midnight. Next day we have a good time amongst the rabbits, -the station being over-run with them. With our guns and dogs we kill about three hundred. We have a jolly Christ mas eve- with the result next morning of swim ming beads. But Henderson who had imbioed about double the liquor we had was as fresh as a lark. Th: weather was nice and cool and our host had made up his mind that we should spend Christmas "day examing some caves in the vicinity. We packed onr hampers and crossing the river- picked a shady spot to encamp. Hav ing placed onr bottled beer in the stream to keep it cool we make for the caves. We had some difficulty in forcing our way through the only aperture visible which - wakvery small,' but -' - lighting our candles we go ahead. One of tbe station hands wc had brought with us tells ns that the caves are supposed . to lead right to Swan Reach -a place distant bout seven miles round the river but only about half that distance through the -caves. , Henderson advised us to keep together as there were so many/ passages. We then push our way through some small chambers and at last enter one that is About twelve feet -high and fort- feet in circumference, to go farther requires some hard work and as our candles began to -flicker on account of the impure air, some of our party decided to rest, the while examining the walls, which were covered with petrified fish and shells. On the party re-gathering, some one asked for Lovelock but he was not to be found. We thought not for a moment that anything was wrong, feeling assured that he would take good care to note his tracks ; but as he did not appear by lunch- time we became anxiouB and started out to look fo - him. "To onr dismay' we found that there were three different ways out of the chamber — a fact we had not observed before, and no one could tell; whieh way Bob had gone. We search ed for fon"r hours and at last he- whs found lying still full length on .the floor. He had evidently been walkkngfaSt and hot noticing particularly where he was going had struck his head against a large stone which projected from the roof, the stroke rendering him insensible. He had rolled after falling and was lying under a ledge of sandstone which had been hollowed out by water in past ages. We might' easily have ! passed without seeing him. The air was rather bad, too, to make matters worse, hut after a tedions job we hauled Bob (who was rather heavy) out into the fresh air, but it was nearly dark before he was strong enough to walk to the boat. Bob was an invalid daring the rest of our visit and both, he and 1 will remember as long as we live the Christmas of 1882 and onr visit to the Murray. Jim says : " Now Arthur, you mnst now spin us a jftrn hut let us first have another bottle of claret. After a short spell Arthur said : — Weli. boys, I shall follow the example of our noble Chairman and relate how I spent my Christmas in 1881, 1 had jast finished a tedious trip up the Clarence and Grafton route in New South Wales and returned to Melbourne deter mined to fully enjoy the holiday my firm- had 'promised me ; but I was doomed; to. disappoint ment. The first day I called in ; the office, Mr. V.. our managing partner called me in his private room and said: "I regret exceedingly, Stead, that we cannot spare you just now for your holidays. We have some important busi ness, to transact with a sugar plantation on the Herberton, in Queensland, and it will necessi tate our sending someone to visit the place and forward a report and there is no one more suited to the business than yourself." Of course I had to go, so I started round for Sydney by boat, then up to Richmond by the " paddle," and overland for the Tweed — that is, as you all know, on the border. We had left Tenterfield nearly a week before .1 struck my proper track and I there joined a party of Germans going my way, whose company I was extremely glad of. We had heard various reports that some of the tracks we had to cover were not safe on ac count of the natives, and to make matters worse there were some tribal feuds rife u-t the time. , We saw several parties of natives, but they did hot seem disposed to interfere vidth ns and on Christmas eve we encamped on the banks of the Tweed. We had two tents and had hardly -erected , them before we -heard thef hizz-brM; bpomer.n'g( that narrowly shaved OUe 'of tis. iill' was quiet for some considerable time and we decided to build up a large fire in front of . one . of the tents and camped in the other - about 30 yards off. It was pitch dark. We heard voices at.difierent times but never left the hat. Abont ten o'clock there .was a terrific yell and a show er of spears was thrown at the tent near the fire. We fired our revolvers from the tent we had squatted down in and frightened the natives off, and were troubled no more during that night. In tbe morning, on examining the other tent we found it in shreds and had we been there at the time of the attack we should most . surely hive gone to " that bourne from . which . no traveller returns." That was how I spent my Christmas eve. I rose early . on Christmas morning bent on having a swim, and stripping, jumped on to what appeared to be an old log. But the log moved. On discovering this I made a liasty retreat and soon after I found I had stepped upon a crocodile which was covered with mud. It was Christmas day and I -had no grand dinner, but if I had gone into the water the crocodile would probably have made a grand dinner of me ! 1 finished my business and re turned safely to Melbourne. ThiB was my Christmas of 1881. . . " Such were the simple stories, told by Arthur and Jim and situated as we were at the time we found them very interesting. We filled our pipes and called npon Harry for a story, but just then a strange free appeared in the moonlight and the owner of it informed us that a bush fire was making rapid strides in our direction, and " it was the biggest he had ever se <L" We all ran out of the tree onr view having been obstructed and sure enough, there appeared before us one of those magnificent, but disastrous sights which are often seen in the southern hemisphere. A sqitj C .ristmas-eve this meant for scores of hardy tillers of the soil, for the fire devastated a very large tract of country 6tudded with small hom> steads; We had been standing for about an hour watching the lurid glare, when a horse man dashed up from an opposite direction. He called loudly fop a horse as the one he was rid ing was knocked up. He" then told us he was sure the fire had reached his small homestead and there was no one there but his poor mother, who was an invalid. He had been on his way,, to Morewell to bring some friends home -for Christmas, but on. seeing the fire in his direc tion he had taken his horse out of the cart and ridden as for dear life. There were plenty of ' horses available. So we all saddled up to ac company h:m and see if we could . render any assistance. We tide at break-neck speed for about twelve miles, up hill and down dale, and at length beheld the homestead with a crescent of fire on the ntherside. The trees around which were of an immense size were, enveloped in flames. We pulled up at a small creek about fifty yards from the house and the air was so hot we could hardly breathe. The flames sprang from tree to tree with fearful rapidity. We made three attempts to get to ' the house hut ttie hoi ses -would not face it. The poor farmer was in a pitiable condition weeping and bewail ing his poor mother's fate. Quite suddenly our " timid " Harry opens his pocket-knife and driving it into the neck of his horse causes it to rear and tpring forward in its pain and almost i in a moment Harry is off his horse and enters the house. He emerges quickly with a bundle ; in his arms covered with a blanket, and Tt proves to he the inanimate form of the poor woman he had gone to rescue from the flames. He endeavors to force his way towards us — the horse on being released having rushed further into tlie forest in face of the fire— the hot cinders falling upon him from the trees, ana reaching the creek places his burden in the water and dives in himself. As he rises again a huge limb of a tree gives way and falling npon Harry, he is again lost to our sight. We rnsh to his help, but ou getting him to the : bank find he is seriously hurt and unable to stand. Never mind me, hoys I says he, but look to the woman. But the poor woman was beyond help, the' shock having proved too much for her. The farmer having taken charge of the dead body of his mother we could now only think of our chnm. A heavy wind springing np drives the heat and flames from us and we are able to carry onr friend some distance away. Are you in pain old boy I we ask. No. chappies, says he, only my back it feels numbed. We do our best- to make him comfortable by taking off our coats and placing under him. We did no anticipate anything serious and stayed some hours, hut -finding him getting worse and unable to oe moved we -sent for a cart aiid it was eight o'clock, ere we started on our : return journey. We had to travel very "slowly but entered the township ef Brandy Creek about eleven o'clock. It was Christmas morning, hut rather a sorry one for us. As we passed the little village church a beautiful hymn hursts forth, sung by . the sweet voices of the children. "Hark 1 the herald angels sing." Harry asked us to stop and we all listened. One of our party entered the church and then the minister comes forth and whispered words of comfort and consolation to our j oor friend. My poor dear mother says Harry, perhaps she is praying for me now. The reverend gentleman happened to be one of those who have studied many things tells us that our friend has brokeD liis back. There is no doctor here, but we have sent post haste to Warragal. As we leave for the residence of our host, Harry says : " I should like. to hear that hymn again." The good old minister at once brings the children out of the sacred edifice arid the hvmu is repeated for him, we ourselves weeping like children on "seeing tbe comfort the words of that glorious hymn gave to the dying man. We get to the house as quickly as possible and lifting our comrade out of the cart place him carefully in bed. The doctor arriving shortly afterwards examined Harry and the verdict was : his back was broken and he could not live" more than a few hours. There was no hope. We gave him all the consolation we were able p, but at 12 o'clock on Christmas night, he died. Next day tbe.nsnal enquiry was held, and on the 27th we buried our friend in the church-yard, and the inhabitants and ourselves placed a tomb stone over the grave with the following inscription : — In Memoriam. Habby Simpson, Aged 21. Who died from injuries received whilst attempting to save. life. Christmas. Day, . " " .£ XT-'.. i . 1883. " Hark ! the herald angels sing, - - Glory to th« new-born Kiug." Erected by his friends in'Gippsland. On the Great Day. May the stngels awaken him from his long rest with that glorious hymn. Years have rolled over our heads since that time and my chums and myself are still in the land of the living. We are married men now and some have young families around them but a Christmas eve never approaches that does not carry our minds back to the sorrowful past and we are not ashamed to shed a tear in memory of our old friend who had proved him self to be not a coward — but a veritable hero and truly one of natures noblemen. 