Amidst the mountains. [BY OUR ROAMING REPRESENTATIVE.] WENTWORTH FALLS. In continuation our series of flying sketches of some of the principal places in the Blue Mountains, we next select that originally known as the Weather- board Hut, but which now derives its name and all its notoriety from its Waterfall, which are at least amongst the finest in the mountain regions and in- deed, as an example of Nature assisted by her hand- maiden Art, are absolutely unique. It would have been better perhaps, as avoiding confusion, to have called the place itself Wentworth, as when speaking of Wentworth Falls it is not known whether the town generally or the Falls alone are referred to and in this sketch, we propose for convenience to adopt that distinction. As a matter of fact, though the village is strictly called by a different name, it being known as the village of Brasfort, one of the model townships in the mountains, but then it only forms a portion of Wentworth, which is named after the seat Sir Charles Wentworth, who took part in the exploring expedition to the Mountains in 1813. Wentworth is situate 62 miles from Sydney and so 28 from Penrith and is 2856 feet above the sea level, it being the next highest place to Katoomba, which it is 493 feet below. The maximum heat in summer is about 90 degrees, but owing to the breeze this is of course felt much less than the same degree of heat would be at Penrith. There are 45 inches of rain in the year and there is very little snow in the winter. A number of invalids are sent here by the Sydney doctors on account of the position being sufficiently high to obtain good mountain air without encountering the intense cold of the loftier regions. Wentworth took its rise in the year 1881, when on December 17th, a settlement was initiated by a Government land sale, 150 acres being disposed of in acre lots owing of course primarily to the attraction of its Falls. In the following March about a similar quantity of land was sold. Prior to that no land was obtainable near the Falls where the village now stands. Dr. McKay bought about half of the land which was locked up till last November when a sale took place that opened it up. There are now about 40 houses within a mile of the station and seven more are in course of erection. The population is at the present time about 150, it having increased by 100 in the last three years. The only two roads cleared are the Bathurst Road and Benara-street. The others badly need clearing. In fact some of the allotments it is difficult to get at at all. A rather good story is told in proof of this. It seems that a gentle- man who came down last Anniversary Day, offered a resident a guinea to find him his two allotments. One was discovered, after a couple of hours' diligent search; but the other has not been found up to the present time. The difficulty of tracing these allot- ments has been increased by the bushfires that took place last November and which removed the pegs. For the past twelve mnonths efforts have been made to induce the Government to clear the roads, through Mr. S. E. Lees, M.L.A., but hitherto without result. Part of Wentworth, it may be mentioned, is in the Nepean and part in the Hartley electorate, a creek here dividing the two. The drive from the Railway Station to the Falls is one of the finest in the moun- tains and it is claimed for Wentworth that when the ground taken up is all laid out it will then be one of the nicest places in the mountain district and no doubt it will be. On issuing from the station, which has recently been removed and rebuilt, it being opened with the new double line about six weeks since, although the old passenger shed remains, detracting somewhat from its appearance, you look down on to a creek whence the water for the engines is obtained, it being dammed up on the right as it breaks into a small cascade. The scenery which meets the eye is at once bold and sweeping. Passing a few cottages on the left hand side you descend the sloping road and cross the bridge over the creek whence the ground; slopes up somewhat steeply and you ascend until a house standingout prominently on the hill is reached, which is Mr. T. Cale's store. Straight ahead is the road to Katoomba, where a short distance up, is Mrs. Dixon's private boarding house, Vauclure. On the other side of Mr. Cale's is a private track. Turning down to the left by the store you are in the Falls Road with underwood on either hand and Austra- lian honey suckle maybe found growing by the roadside. After crossing a bridge-spanned creek which divides the two constituencies you climb up some distance and find on the brow of the hill on the left the public school. This is a weatherboard build- 16 x 18, standing in two acres of ground, erected in 1887, when Mr. W. F. Weeks was appointed the master, a position he still ably retains. It has an average attendance of about 20 boys and girls. There is a cricket pitch for practice, but the match ground is near the station. The playground too, requires clearing badly for there are a number of stumps about the entrance which at any time are a source of danger and especially after nightfall. Almost opposite the school is Hobartville, a pleasant-look- ing boarding house kept by Miss Hadkins. Beyond, another nice, private house, the residence of Mr. David Davis of Sydney, is the church, Holy Trinity, one of the prime movers in the erection of which was Mr. Cale, and a description of which was given in these columns a few weeks since on the occasion of its dedication. It still needs the fenc- ing around to give an air of completion to it. On over a gully and up again towards the top of the hill, on the other side is Wentworth Cottage, Mrs. Cronin's Boarding House, adjoining which is a large and flourishing flower garden. On the right is a road branching off through some trees to Mount Allen Hotel, kept by genial Peter Mulheran and his wife. This is the hotel of the place and has a charming home-like exterior. An excellent one it is too for visitors, indeed many would be surprised, as were we, to find what capital accommodation may here be obtained, the comfort and table being equal to that of many a Sydney hotel. Mr. Mulheran built the place some years ago but it has only been licensed about eighteen months. The season lasts here for nine months during which Mr. Mulheran has his hostelry, which contains 12 rooms, full of visitors most of whom hail from Sydney. Owing indeed to the demand for accommodation exceeding the supply Mr. Mulheran intends to build a large hotel close to the Falls, the land for which he has already purchased and which, it may be stated, fetches £5 a foot. The present hotel is surrounded by flowers and has an extensive, well-stocked and admirably laid out fruit and vegetable garden at- tached which does credit to the landlord who found it little more than bush. Waggonettes drive here three times a day from Katoomba and once daiiy from Mount Victoria. The village of Brasfort was laid out by the surveyors in different plots and as already stated, is one of the model mountain town- ships. On the Bathurst-road 10 acres has been surveyed for a cemetry but it has not yet been cleared and the health of the place is so good that there seems no necessity for any hurry in the mat- ter, in fact people don't think about getting in- terred here at all. Mr. J. C. Smith, (Goodlet & Smith, ttimber merchants, Sydney,) has built three fine houses here. After noticing Capt. Murray's iron dweling on the right, you catch sight of Mr. Smith's mansion on the left, across the valley on the slope of the hill, standing in a block of 10 acres overlooking the beauties of the Falls. Leading thereto is a road from the station and to Kings Table End. The foundations are of brick, the re- mainder of the mansion being fancy weatherboard and it has v very pleasing appearance. There is a curious zig-zag pathway leading right down to the Falls which was undertaken by Mr. Mulheran whom it took two hours to cut out the corners and a man a week to finish. Mr. Smith is the wealthy sleeping partner in the firm of Smith & Pringle, the contractors who built Bathurst Gaol. If the old saying "the means to do ill deeds makes ill deeds done" applies to building houses, Wentworth should shortly go ahead, for we hear that a brickyard will soon be started by Messrs, Atkin & Wilson, a brickmaker who lately came from Sydney having pronounced the clay excellent for making bricks of. There is a Progress Com- mittee in Wentworth which has been in existence about 2 years and the place is very quiet and or- derly, there being but one custodian of the peace (Cons. Hamilton) and there are very seldom any cases brought thence to Penrith. Six thousand acres have been reserved, by the Government for recreation. A sketch of the Falls (splendid views of which may be obtained from Mr. W. Reynolds, land- scape photographer, Katoomba), appeared in the Nepean Times a few weeks since. It should be added that the pathways and alcoves, the beautiful formation of the Weeping Rock and in fact all the arti- ficial work at the Falls has been undertaken and excellently carried out, under the direction of the Trustees, of whom Sir Henry Parkes is one, by Mr. Mulheran, the special constable, whose name a portion of it bears and who seems to have been the good genius of the place. There is one other attrac- tion at Wentworth, that should not be forgotten, which is on the Sydney side of the railway. You descend by a pathway for about half a mile; and at the end of a gully, come to the Water Nymph Dell, here the water falls into a pool a distance of 50 or 60 feet and the fall can be walked behind. Around are sassafras trees, with supple jacks branching out from them and a large number of pretty ferns also pleasantly enfoliage the charming dell. 