Multum in Parvo Bush-fires prevalent. No water at Southern Cross. Victory for the York Cricket Club. Pugilistic encounters at Cricket luncheons. The Police Quarters at York in a dilapidated condition Majority of Free-traders in the New South Wales Parliament. A water supply for Y ork urgently required. Lamp-posts targets for runaways. Lamps affected. Kinking in full swing. Thanks to the promoters of this popular pastime. The old maid's favorite vegetable is, to mate 0. A pavillion for|the Recreation ground in this town necessary. The Chairman of the York Roads Board voted £12 for travelling expen ses, for the year 1888. The Northerners! were beaten by the Southern teamj on Monday last at Perth, by 105 runs. Bush-fires raging. In one or two instances supposed to be the - work of incendiaries. Dr. Thomson has departed from our midst, taking with him the good wishes of the whole community. Out worthy Postmaster, Mr. R. Hard men, has gone to Albany on a fortnight's leave of absence, and «, well deserved holiday too. Time is always represented carrying a scythe, 'and we suppose he will con tinue to carry this primitive agricultu ral implement until time shall be no mower. It was suggested at the Fremantle Police Court the other day that a yearly license of £1 be imposed on all horses kept within the boundaries of the Municipality, Several ounces of retorted gold bfought in from Southern Cross on Tuesday last by Mr. Hampson, who has the greatest confidence in the. fields turning out a success. Another large nugget of alluvial gold has been brought into Roebourne dur ing the past few days from the Pilbarra goldfields weighing 111 ounces. The lucky finder was a man named Suther land. The York Roads Board at its last monthly meeting received a tender from David Evans to keep the York-Guild road in repair for one year for the sutn of £70. The tender was rejected ow ing to the amount being considered too high. The average wheat yield of Victoria, though mueh higher than placed .by •some croakers, is much below the aver age. In fact, it is the lowest since 1878-79, when the rust affected the crops so noticeably. The recent rains, too, will affect the yield, and delay the harvesting. It is rumored that one of our enter prising fellow townsmen intends con verting one of the most centrally'situ ated premises in this town into a Coffee Palace. Carried on under good management such a business, it is gen erally expected, would prove remunera tive. However, we cannot say whether there is any foundation for the rumour being circulated It i* thought the Municipal Council would be judiciously expending funds belongingfto that Corporation were it to devote a portion towards the mainten ance of a water-cart for the principal thoroughfares. We are of opinion that s'eps should be at first taken in provid ing water for human consumption. The streets should be a secondary considera tion. 