THE DEATH SHIP. , A STRANGE STORY. , y XCCOtryT OP A OBTTISB If THfl PI.TTVO DUTCHMAN, COLLECTED FROM THE PAPERS OP THE LATE MR. OEOPPRE FENTON, OP POPLAR. MASTER MARINER. jjy i,Y. OIiABK KPSSELTi, Anthor of "Tha Wreck of the Grosvonor," "Tbo Golden Hope," &c.;, &e.; ' . All Bights Reserved. J CHAPTER XLTI. — (CoUTlNCBD.) He answered : "I do not intend to careen: the weather hath every promiso of contianed folAtess ; the men ahull hare their night's rest ; ther will work the moro briskly for it to-mor row As tho pump mnst bo kept going, your leanest is reasonable. You can use this cabin, a mvn vmi one of mv cloalrn to Bud Xiiun osamas — J — soften your conch. I made him a low graceful bow, secretly accepting his civility, however, as does a mau condemned to death the attentions of a goaler or the tenderness of tho hangman. Prins prepared tho table for supper, and then set a bowl of steaming punch before tho captain. Shortly afterwards arrived Van Vogelaar and Ateats. Our party wa9 now compleie, and we fell to X said : " Gentlemen, you will forgive tho cariosity of an English mariner who is unused to the discipline of the Batavian ships. How, Mynheer Vanderdecken, are tho watches among von arranged whon in harbor, as in a sense we may take ourselves now to bo ? " Imogene observing my drift came to my help and said la Dutch : "Tho practice is aa with onr countrymen, Herr Fenton." u iphen tho commandant stands the watch till midnight, and the mates together till sunrise," said I speaking Inaccurately that X might draw them into speech. "No," exclaimed Arents.;. "With us the commander keeps no watch. Tho mates take tke deck as at sea ; I till midnight, Van Voge laar till 4, then I again." "That is as it 'should be," sold I, amiling into Arents' large, fat, white face. "And it is very proper," said Van Vogelaar In his coarse sarcastic voice, " that English 1 .. , < s 1_ A -_A allots SOOulQ apyxj w wuo wuivu IVL custom, ideas on true marine discipline." « Gentlemen," said I, suavely, " I have learnt ynnch since I havo been with you " The mate darted one of his ugliest looks at me. And it was made infernal by tho twist of leering triumph in his heavy lips, though ho could not suppose X exactly understood what it '"wo'fell silent. Vanderdecken served ont the pnnch with a smajl silver goblet. I drank but a mouthful or two, dreading the fumes. Tho others quailed great draughts, making nothing of the potency of the liquor, nor of the steam ing heat of it. Had they been as I was or Imogene— human and real — I should have re joiced in their intemperance ; but 'twas impos sible to suppose that the fumes of spirits could affect the brains of men immortal in misery. When they had done eating they called for pipes, and Vanderdecken told Frins to bring hint such and sucha cloak, naming and describing it. Tho fashion of it was about 80 years old : 'twas of very dark velvet, with it silver chain at the throat and silk under-sleeves. He motioned to Frins to pnt it down, giving mo to know by tho dime gesture that it was at my service. I thanked him with a slight inclination of the head, grateful that he did not speak, as I knew not what effect the news of my desire to sleep in the cabin might havo upon the malignant mate'a suspicious mind. Presently Arents put down his pipe and went on deck. Van Vogelaar, leaning on his elbpw midway across the table, muttered with the long shank of his pipe between his teeth to Vanderdecken abont the routine and rotation of the puinDing gangs. The captain let fall a few Instructions touching the morning's work. Imogene rose. " I am like yon, Captain Vandordecken— weary," she said, smiling, whilst lier pale face fully warranted her assurance. " X shall go to bed." " 'Tis early," said he, sending a look at the clock; "you seem dispirited, my dear. It will not be brief thia bait here, I trust? Wo shall be under weigh again ia a, couple of days, home ward bound— one great ocean already traversed. Think of that ! " Slio ,pitt her fingers to her mouth simulating a yawn. "But if you are tsranvt " t» t ? il II fJfl " fTrt tT» «(: IY1 V fl it'll " Sho smiled. at liirn again curUicd to me, and with a half bow to Van Vogelaar weiit to hur cabin. Yanderdecken, dipping tho silver goblet into tbo punch- bowl, bade mo extend mj cup. I thanked him, aaid m.y head ached, and that with his leave I would take the air aboro for a spell. On gaining tho poop I walked right aft and looked over the taffraih The bouts there rose ind fell in two lumps of blackuessi under the suarters. They strained very quietly nt the Unes which held thorn, and this enabled me to observe, by noting the trend of tho hnd, that such surface-motion as the water had kna westerly. I was fretted to observe he oca unusually phosphorescent. Every time the rise and fall of the ship's stern flipped at )ne ortbe other of the boat's lines the sudden Irag raised a little fomn ybouc her, and the bubbling; flashed like the reflection of sheet lightning in n mirror. This, I say, vexed me ; ifor the dip of an oar must occasion a five as llignalling in its way as a flare or a lantern, though the boat itself ehonld be buried in the darkness. I carae away from the tnffrait after a very brief look over. Arents at the head of the poop- ladder stood apparently gazing at the men pimping on the main deck, but I knew tho motionless postures into which he and the others foil too well to guess that aoy specula tion would be found ito bis arcs could they be peered into. The busk fire Burnt like a great red spark on the black outline to starboard. Out of the western ocean the stars looked to be floating as though thoy were a smoke of silver sparkleB, meeting in a mas9 of diamond light over our swaying mastheads, with scat terings of brilliant dust among them, suggest ing the wakes of winged starshlps, but past the starboard ynrdarms all this quick glorious scintillation of planet and meteor, of'fixed stars and the Magellanic clouds, with the beautiful Cross sweetly dominant, went wan and dying into mere fointness. This however I did not particularly heed, thongh tho habits of a sailor would cause me to fasten mr eye upon tho ap ptaraace, but presently ffooking for the crimson icanof bushfire, I found it was gono with many of the atari whichhad been glittering above and against it. A few minutes put nn end to conjecture. Twns a true South African fog coming along, whitens gunpowder smoke and eating out tue prospect with long foolers and winding limbs till the whole body was fluffing thick and soft as feathers about the ship, eclipsing evorytbiug Bare a golden spiko or two of the lighted lan tern that hung agalust the mainmast for the .Comfort or convenience of the pumpers. f CHAPTER XLYIL— Mt Poor Darltxo. It was 10 ojclock. For half-aa-hour had I iheen sitting in tho cabin aloue waiting for 'Vanderdecken to come below and go to bod, I hoard the parrot angrily clawing about lier cage to the chiming of tho bell, oh If impatient :of the slowness of the strokes and enraged by their disturbing notes ; and when the last chime died out sho violently flapped her wing and cried, with an edge of scream in tlie ordinary harshness ot her voice ; f Wy zyn al Terdomd I " " Verdomd for you, you vfle croaker 1 " thought I, involuntarily clenching my fist as I looked towards her. " Such another yell might luing Van Vogelaar oirt of his berth." ;PpBnt she was..never again to utter that curso in day. hearing. A1_I went to the cabin door and found tbo ithickness boiling black about the decks, not an patllne risible, nothing to be seen but the lan tern shine, dim as a glowworm in the crystal line densenese. Tho gclankim of the pump eemed to find twenty echoes iir the great con- ric of round tops and sqoarc yards on Jf How ghostly tho stillness with which the brako wa9 plied I You listened till your ear seemed in pain for the sound of a human . tS?» lro n human roice.1 r ? Btood looking Into tho thickness, Vanderdecken came down tho quarter-deck wdder. The wet of tho fog sparkled in his to v?1 5? ki fur cap glistened to the lamp light, He stood in the doorway and stared at ne under his great heavy browB as though sur prised, and even startled, to seo mo ; ana then ?5 t 'forgotten vou sleep in thiiicamn to-night. Tho lamp can bo left alight if yon please. . 41 If vqu please, mynheer/1 Baid I, with a noto ot carelosa indifference in my voice. In fact I; would rather havo beon in the darkness, but it wasmypoHoy to «eom as if his wishes wore all r un?1?10 m0' them run as thoy would, v iS Prins when he comes it Is my ordHr ho nould loavo tho lamp, burning," Bald he, -speaking quietly and in a manner that recalled ®y earliest impressions of him whon ho talked uow, lest ho should disturb Imogeno. Ho gave stiff bow and walked to his cabin. mnutea after arrived Prins. ? captain's wish'." said I, In a low 'at tho lamp should be kopt alight." flpeechr 8r,M rePiQl» imitating my soft > uIt is for my convenience!; I sloop bore aa ou know, that tho pump maybe less disturb ing. Captain Vanderdecken is good enough to consult my comfort, !bnt as tho light is bright, Eope " m That may ba managed, I " Easily," he answered,. and-climbad upon the m q ?» C0tn0 at tl10 lamP- t. it. ' 'j£a turning down the mosh ; 4< how" » Herr Pentou ?" p! Uttfo fainter yet-Ro ! I thank yonj rrins. Have yog made an end of your work? i? ,,ao U1r.r to lie ilowu." 1 , JPPed the tqblo with a look round, "A "Jidi "My work io finished,. Herr. You can tako your rest; nt once for me." Ho Good' niRht,' African fC3 Wuko ono gape'! "Good night| Prim ,» «t M,1? doorway. » «j' Tut' door to keep tho damp ont,"' ESmi' ' 1 ? mo/doned with my hand a# though alone m?'aut It, which he did, and IfWus loft r wrapiY onderdockon'a largo rich cloak -« 1. 1. ! 1 r 1 about mo, and stretchedV myself along tho beuch, using my arm as a pillow. I resolved to lie thus for Rt least hdlf-an-hcur, 'conceiving that this would be long enough to weary any one who should take it into his ho&d; to watch mo through tho cabin window. As to Vander decken, I did not fear his seeing me 'whilst ho kept his door closed. The bulk-head of his berth was thick and apparently seamless, and his door flttod into overlaps of tbo jambs, for tho exclusion of draughts of air, after tho fashion in old shipbuilding. I lay very quiet hearken ing to the dulled beating of tho pump and watching tho clock, the great hand of which was just visible. When it came ronnd so ah to lio upon the quarter before the hour, I. rose with tho utmost stealth, arranging the cloak in such a fashion as to mnko the dark shape of it rescmblo a recumbent form, and holding my breath, stole on tiptoo to Imogene's cabin and pnsbed the door. It opened : I entered and pushed tho door to again, and it jammed noise lessly upon tho soft substance that had kept .it closed before. Imogene sat on the si do of her bed, that exactly resembled tho bed in Vanderdccken's room which I have described. She was , fully dressed, and had one fur or sealskin cap, with flaps for tho cars. A small stiver lamp of very ancient pattern hung from a hook in the great beam that traversed tho ceiling of her cabin, but she bad trimmed or -depressed the mesh into a fcoble gleam. Tbo little door that led to tho quarter-gallery stood open. I kissed her cola forehead and whispered, "Are you readv ?" "Yes." I held her hand whilst I conld have counted 10, but found it steadier than mine. " Come, dearest I" said I, and stepped into the gallery. The fog put an intolerable blackness into tho nir, ami the chill of it was like frost upon tho flesh. But for tho phosphorescence of the 60a, which I bad before lamented, I should not havo been able to see the boat under the counter. As it was, the tweaking of tho line to tho rise and fall of the Doath Ship kept a small stir of water about the boat ; the grcenish-ycllow shining showed through the fug, and threw out the figure of the otructure. The railing of tho gallerv rose to tho height of my breast. I leaned over it, waving my hand in tho dark- ness for tbo rope, and not catching it, bade Imogcno soizo my coat to steady me, and jnmped on to the rail, and in a moment felt tho lino and grasped it ; then diflmounted, hold ing tho rope. In a few seconds I had tho boat's head — that was square and horned, as yon will remember— fair under tho gallery, and in that posture I secured her, hitching the slack of the lino to tho rail. Everything conlimiod to help us ; first the fog, that made an astonishing blackness of the night, though I guessed this would grow into a pallid faintnes3 presently, when tho moon was up and bad gathered power ; next the phos phoric shinihga upon which the boat roso and fell like a great blot of ink; then tho noise of tlio pump, which to the most attentive ear on deck would absorb ail such feeble Bounds as our movements wore likely to cause, and again there was the small but con stant grinding of the sudden jnmping of the rndder to tho action of the swell, very nicely calculated to lull the suspicions of Vander decken in tho adjacent cabin should ho be awake and hear us. But this I did not fear, for tbo qnartor-gallery was outside the ship and we workod in the open air, and made no noiso be sides. Not a moment was to lie lost ; tlie halliards X had unrovo from tho mizran-pesk lay in a heap at my feet. I ran the length through, doubled it and made a bowlino on the bight of tbo two tbickneB5C3. This bight or loop I slipped over Imogens'! shoulders, bringing the running or lowering part in front of lier that there should be no pressure to hurt her tender breasts, and then took two turn3 round a stanchion on the quarter-gallery. ... " Dearest," I whispered, her, "keep a stout heart and do exactly as I bid. First, in what part of tlie cabin shall I tind the pitcher and the provisions ?" " Between the foot of tho bedstead and the door. Ther are covered with a dross.'' " Right. I. am now about to lower you into the boat. I will lower vory gently. The moment your foot touch the boat, cough— but not loudly— as a sign for mo to lower linndsomely, for the rise and fall of the 'boat necessitates smart action. When you nro safe— that is when you are gotten, into tlio middle of tbo boat— ait down, and throw tlio rope oir you. j. win men senci down tho pitcher and bags by the lino which you will oast adrift from them. It will then be iny tnrn to join von." So saying I took her into my arms and lifted her on to tlie rail, seating her there an instant, then tailing in one band the end of the ropo which was twisted round tho stanebeon, with the other I gently alid her over the rail, easing her down with my arm round her till she hung by tho line. In another mornont she was in the boat. ... I hauled up tho line, went for the pitcher and hags and sent thorn down to her, she receiving and detaching them from the lino with a promp titude equal to anything I conld have hoped to find in that wav in a sailor. I called to her softly— that she 'might know why I lingered— " I n'n going for tho cloak," for the moment I saw it I had made up my mind to carry it off as a covering for Imogene. I opened her cabin door breathlessly and peered out : then stolo soft as a mouse to tho cloak and throw it over my arm. The interior lay m a sul.en gloom to the dim Bhining of the lamp. Our stock of provisions was small, and my eye catching sight of the cheat under the tnVle'X recollected having seen Prins put a can vas bag full of biscnit into it after supper. This I resolved to take. So I went to tho chest, raised tho lid, and found the bag, but my hnrry and agitation being great I let fall the lid which dropped with a noisy bang. Heap ing curses upon my clumsiness, I fled like n deer into the cabin and on to the qnarter- gallery, threw tho cloak and bag into the boat and followed headlong down the rope I had left dangling from the rail. I was scarce nrrived when the faint light that streamed from Imogene's berth into the auarter-gallerv was obscured, and to my horror I saw the loom of a human shape overhanging the rail. " Imogene 1 Imogene ! Come back, come hack I" rang out Vanderdecken's deep and thrilling voice. " Herr Fenton, restore to me the treasure thou wonldst rob me of and X swear not a single hair of thy head shall he harmsd." In mad haste I sawed through tho rope that held the boat with mr pocket-knife. He could not see, but he hoard me ; and springing on to the rail, roarod, in his thunderous notes : " Arents, Arents, the Englishman hath seized ono of the boats and is kidnapping Miss Dudley. Do you heard mo? Speak — or yon swing!" I heard the clattering of heaT.v hoots running along tho tall echoing poop high over our heads. " Sir— sir— I am here I Your orders, sir ?" bawled Arents. Again roarod ont Yandcrdecken/in a hurri- cauo note fit to awaken the echoes of the in land mountains. " Tho Englishman ia kid napping Miss Dudley, and hath already seized the larger boat. .Send the men from the pump to man the other boat I" " No, hy Heaven, yon don't I" I shonted, mad with tho excitement of the minute. Tha lino f hot hnM hr was KGverwl thft boat 'a head swung round ; I leaned half my length over tho gunwale, cancllt the other boat, and Bevered the rope that secured her to the ship ; theo, in a phronzj of hasts tumbled a conple of oars over and pulled awar. But I bad uot measured firo (boats' lengths when the fog in which the ship, even at that ehort distance, lay completely swallowed was cashed aud rent by a blaze of rod firo. The explosion of a mnsket followed. I know, by tho flame lennine out of the quarter-gallery, that it was Vanderdecken who had fired.- and with set' teeth strained with all my might at the oars. A dead stillness relsrned. The 'clanking of the chains had ceased. I conld hear nothing but the grind of the oars in tlie pins, aud the sound of the wator seething to the unnatural vigor, with which I rowod. After a little I paused to gather from tho noise of tho surf how the boat headed. I bent my ear aud found that the boiling was on mylaft. " HoW does it strike yon, Imogene ?" I asked in a broken voice, being terribly distressed for breath. She answered, very low, " The sound is on your left." "That should signify." sold T, " that wo are heading out to noa. The breakers are hearr in tho west, and it is down there the noise of them seems greatest. We mnnt bead right out or this bay will prove worse than a rat- trap." As X spoke I heard the scattering reports of some six or eight muskets discharged ono after another, but tho glare of the explosions was absorbed by the fog. " Ha I" cried I, " they shoot In hopo ! " IX 'fell to rowing iagain and held "to tho weighty job stoutly for a good quarter of nn hour. "Weighty it was, for not only was the boat extremely cumberons about the bows — if ono squnro end of her moro than another conld bo so termed— tbo oats wero heavy, the blades being spoon-stuped, though fiat, and the harder to work not only for tho breadth of the boat bnfa because of the phis being fixed too far abaft the seats. I had now not much fear of being chased. Even If they found tho boat X had liberated by Bonding men ovorboard to swim in search of It —thoro was movement enough in tho wator to glide It very swiftly into obscurity — I did not apprehend. thoy would venturo to pursue mo in so great a fog. I throw in my ears and listened. A falut air atirrod in the blackness and if I was correct in supposing that we wore heading seawards, then this draught was coming about south-east. The nound of tho Biirf wan liko n weak rumbling of thunder. I trained my hearing to thq right, that is to ntarboard, for I Rat with my back to tho bows ; but though indeed I could catch a falut, far-off mono of washiug watern that way, the noise of ,the boiling was on our loft. (To bo continued.") The following wool has been exported from. . Broken-liUl by Messrs. Troleaver ond Brown . '105 bales greasy wool, from Mount Sturt, value £1074 ; 29 bales greasy, from Mount Poole, !valuo:£2i)l. 