Country News. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) THE PALMER. MAYTOWN, July 7. The Southern epidemic—la grippe—has reached us here, but only in a mild form. Adults seem more inclined to be affected than even young children. Limestone residents have had it in a more virulent form; no deaths, however, are recorded. At Limestone complaints are made against "shanty" keepers dispensing "home-made" Compounds ad lib. after the licensed houses are closed. It is stated that one " shanty" keeper took £40 during a single pay-night. Fifteen hundred pounds were paid in wages, &c;, during the month of June by the Anglo-Saxon Syndi cate and No. 1 West. The p.c. crushed for 5050z. gold, No. 1 West went 4½oz. The New Good Hope Company expect to have all ready for starting operations in a short time. The new shows at and about Limestone are spoken of very highly. When the Good Hope battery is completed a good few of the adjacent claims will be able to put through a few tons of stone, thus giving some of the hard- working industrious class of miners a show for their pluck in sticking to undeveloped ground. It is recorded of one of this class that he rode 280 miles, acting as his own bailiff and for others, to serve distress warrants upon a teamster who had levanted, leaving debts to the amount of £120, and brought back the team to Limestone, where it was sold for £70. "Tommy," the blackboy, who escaped and was rearrested, has been discharged from custody, not sufficient evidence being adduced to warrant committal. The case against Mr. John McLean, of Belle vue station, for illegally branding calves, was dismissed by the Limestone bench. It is rumoured that Mr. J. V. Mulligan, the well-known explorer, is shortly to enter upon a a prospecting tour of some months within the Palmer district. The annual Rifle Club ball given in the Town Hall was a great success, sixty couples being present. HERBERTON, July 11. The annual meeting of the Herberton and Tinaroo District Hospital was held in the Sohool of Arts on the Ist of the month. Entering upon office with a credit balance of £1300, the committee were able to report that having spent £1400 in salaries, maintenance, and general expenses, they had nevertheless • sum of £1500 with which to start the new year. The internal condition of the institution is reported to be in everyway satisfactory. The number of cases treated during the year was 141\. Of these 120 were discharged cured or relieved, 14 were still under treatment, 6 died, and 1 was removed to the Lunatic Asylum. Malarial fever is the disease most commonly treated. There were 40 such cases, some from Budest, some from New Guinea, and others from the Gulf, the Russell River, and the neighbourhood of Cairns. The subscribers testified their confidence in the retiring com mittee by re-electing Messrs. Boner and Zillman as president and vice-president respectively, and every member of the committee. We have an eyesore in the shape of an ngly wooden structure that does duty for a bridge over the Wild River, but there is every prospect of a radical change for the better. Mr. Brady, the Engineer for Boads and Bridges, recommends a new bridge of concrete and iron, to be built about 12ft. or 15ft, higher than the existing one. The improvements effected by the council in the streets and approaches to the town are beginning to make themselves manifest. Some people's corns have been trodden on during the process, but on the whole the grumbling has been no worse than in other municipalities. In the opinion of Mr. Brady the money expended on the streets and bridges has been well and wisely spent. His report on the Herberton Range will be looked for with considerable interest. In business matters generally Herberton seems to be able to hold its own with any other town in the North. There never seems to be any thing particularly stirring, but the number of heavily loaded teams arriving week by week from Port Douglas is significant; We have no unemployed, and it often happens that the commercial traveller expresses himself before leaving the place as very well satisfied with the results of his trip. We have already had some sharp experiences of frosty weather during one or two nights lately, but during the day the weather has been very fine. "La grippel' is Still amongst us, and just now we are having more than our usual share of sickness. The Government are calling for tenders for the erection of a new hospital at Montalbion. In mining matters there is nothing sensa tional to report. It is fully expected that the returns for the June quarter will disclose a healthy and steadily progressive state of affairs for the whole field. [The above appeared in our Northern edition of last week) BOWEN, July 7. The Bowen Garrison Battery have received the commendation of the Commandant for their soldierly appearance and conduct at the Encampment. The corps mustered thirty three all told, under the command of Captain B. H. Smith, M.L.A., who joined the contin gent at the camp. These annual gatherings of the Volunteer and Defence Forces have hitherto been held at Townsville. It is thought that each Northern port in turn should be the scene of the annual manoeuvres. Bowen has many facilities to offer for a large encamp ment, and it is to be hoped " the powers that be" will honour us with the next year's roll- up. The first 10-stamp battery of the Normanby Machine Company was recently christened by Miss Jessie Mackenzie. Everyone is highly pleased with the battery and buildings. Nothing seems to have been omitted, and the whole of the gear and plant is in such splendid Condition that Mr. Meyenberg, the manager, deserves the praise which is given to him. The mill will treat a first crushing of poor surface stone, as there is a hesitation on the point of claim owners to run good stone through first. The ship County of Forfar cleared for New castle on the 26th June, after discharging 1600 tons railway material and taking in 500 tons ballast. Captain Macalpin has instructions to proceed with a cargo of coal from Newcastle to Valparaiso. An exceedingly rapid change has followed the steps of the travelling dairy in this district. As a rule dairymen are little given to study or reading, but they are keenly alive to recognise practical results as shown by the teaching of this roving dairy. Under the general management of Mr. Mahon the dairy has shown how the quality of butter can be improved, the quantity increased, and the labour in production reduced. Both butter and cheese have been made of the highest quality, and it is safe to say that the whole district has benefited by the advent of the travelling dairy. Mr. Mahon, who is deservedly esteemed by those under his tuition, was entertained at a sapper and ball, which went off with great eclat. The annual committee meeting of the Man chester Unity of Oddfellows was held in Bowen last week. A strong representative body of delegates was present, and after the business of the meeting was concluded, the committee for next year was appointed to meet at Mackay. The earnings of the Bowen Railway for the month of June amount to £261165. Bd. Traffic has been pretty brisk, and the number of pas sengers travelling show the lint to be a great public convenience. After a sojourn in Brisbane we are glad to welcome back the Rev. Mr. Gibson. The Rev Mr. Daunty still holds the pulpit of the Episcopal Church, no permanent appointment having yet been made to fill the vacancy left by the Rev. Mr. Wilson. Wharfage rates at this port are considered too high. The cost to the ship is 2s. per ton, and to the shipper 2s. 6d., or 4s. 6d. per ton in upon all goods shipped or landed. The earnings from the jetty were £1199, and the cost of working £527. ]The above appeared in our Northern edition of last week.] THE BARCOO, Barcaldine, July 16. The weather this week has been fine, but very cold, with bleak winds. On Saturday evening a few heavy drops of rain fell, and it is cloudy again to-day. The Railway Department have been very busy trucking sheep for Lake's Creek. The last of a number of Marchmont ewes have been despatched, and now the men are engaged in loading Elderslie sheep, some 4000 of which had to go down to Rockharapton. A lot of sheep from Eulo and Caledonia will be taken in hand next. Local agents held a few horse sales during race week, and business was satisfactory both as regards the number changing hands and the prices obtained. Twelve head of half droughts from Comet Downs station were auctioned last Saturday, and a number of heavy draughts from Alpha station were sold at prices ranging from £11 to nearly £18. Some blood stock were also offered, but there was little demand for this class of horseflesh, the only ones changing hands being a full brother to Jubilee and Statesman, and Proximo, by Hawthornden— Proserpine. The races somewhat interfered with traffic during last week, but the carriers' agent loaded up about 50 tons of general supplies. The number of bales of wool received and despatched was 315, made up of 97 from Baroaldine, 109 from Coreena, 45 from Rodney Downs, 28 from Avington, 36 from Aramac; from the scouring works, 30 bales from Barcaldine, 14 from Aramao. and 82 Saltern Creek; from Saltern railway station, 160 bales Saltern Creek wool, 22 t bales Beaconsfield, and 1 bag Beaconsfield were loaded up this week. Some small lots of tallow, hides, and skins were also sent from Barcaldine. When the roll was called at Bowen Downs, out of the seventy-two names there was only one shearer absent. The first question Mr. Fraser, the manager, aaked was if the shearers were willing to shear under the agreement that had been made between the Darling Downs pas toralists and the delegates of the Queensland Shearers' Union. The delegates present 9tated that they had not received any instructions from the secretary of the union to depart from the present rules, and therefore were not pre pared to do no without authority. It was finally arranged to shear under a verbal agreement and Q.S.D. rules. The next question for dis cussion was whether the shed committee were to decide when the sheep were wet. Mr. Fraser argued that he ought to be represented, but if it was to be left to the shearers the majority was preferable to the shed committee. It wan pointed out by the spokesman that a resolution had been passed at the annual meeting in favour of the committee deciding if the slieep were wet, and they (the shearers) preferred to be guided by the resolution referred to. All other matters of detail were easily arranged. But things did not go so smoothly with the rouseabouts. Mr. Fraser objected to the rules passed at the half-yearly meeting of the Queensland Labourers' Union, as the rules were not con firmed, and the employers had not had suffi cient notice of the alterations. And he was also informed that it was necessary that the three Chinese employed on the station should be discharged before the rouseabouts started work. Mr. Fiaser asked for time to replace the three cooks. The rouseabouts retired and called a meeting of the shearers and all those interested. Those that addressed the meeting spoke very highly of Mr. Fraser and of his treatment and courtesy to the members of the union in the past, and suggested that time should be allowed to replace the Chinese. Mr. Fraser agreed to dismiss the two that were cooking for the men in a week, and the other at the house in a month, as it would be neces sary to send to Bockhampton for a female servant to take his place. Matters were thus finally arranged and shearing commenced on the 2nd instant. A meeting of the District Council in connec tion with the various unions was held in Bar caldine last Saturday. The principal business was the election of a delegate to attend the Brisbane conference. A meeting in connection with the Shearers' Union was held in Blaokall last week, when the agreement arrived at by a conference of Darlinß Dowrt3 oastoralists and shearers was disagreed to, several of the olauses being opposed to the Queensland Shearers' Union roles. It v aaid the repre sentatives of the shearers at the conference alluded to had no authority for so acting from the committee of the Queensland Shearers' Union. The Bight Rev. Dr. Cani, Bishop of Central Queensland, visited Baroaldine to nold a con firmation service at the local church. The ceremony was performed at the 8 o'olook mass, the building being crowded. Twenty-eight candidates were confirmed, all bat about half a dozen being boys. Mr. 0. J. James, the choir master and organist of this church, was pre sented with a handsome gold Waltham watch on Thursday last. Inside the cover was en* graved, " Presented to C. J. James by the choir, Sacred Heart Church, Baroaldine, 1890." The presentation was made by the Bey. Father Comerford, P.P. Mr. J. D. Arnold, the well-known American well-borer, who was engaged in putting down the artesian well at Blackall some time ago, met with a painful acoident last Saturday. He is at present engaged in boring on Baroaldine station, and was driving into town from the station in company with others. A loaded rifle was in the buggy, and upon alighting from the vehicle Mr. Arnold took the gun under his arm. The rifle suddenly slipped to the ground. The concussion snapped the hammer on to the cap and exploded the cartridge. As the rifle fell Mr. Arnold seized the muzzle with his left hand, and the charge entered his arm just above the wrist, passing upward and out near the elbow joint. The ball tore away all the flesh and shattered the bone to pieces. The injured man was quickly brought to town and taken to the hopital, where it was found that the arm had to be at once amputated at the elbow. Mr. Arnold is progressing as well as can be expected. Another gun acoident occurred near town. A young man named Joseph Castles was out shooting with a boy named Jackson, when the gun burst, blowing off the third and fourth fingers of his left hand. The man was taken to the hospital and properly attended to. The fire fiend paid a visit to Baroaldine last Saturday night, but no very great damage was done. The blase started in a Chinese humpy occupied by a vendor of fruit, Ac, and the dwelling and all it contained were quickly re duced to ashes. The loss ii about £40. Two fires were also discovered in the feed-room ad joining Emerson's Hotel, but were extinguished in time to prevent damage. The appearance of these suggested the work of an incendiary. The Barcaldine annual race meeting was one of the most successful ever held out West. The weather was splendid, the fields large, the contests good, and the number of people in town something remarkable. The crowd on the course was very large, but as the demand for vehicles was far beyond the supply available and the distance to the course over a rough road rather too great for a walk, a good few people could not go out, although a number were enthusiastic enough to tackle it. £500 was cut out to be run for. Between £60 and £70 was received in gate-money, and the grand stand was rather inconveniently orowded. The tota lisator did a big business, the tickets being 10s. for the minor and £1 for the principal events. About £1200 was put through it, and this amount would have been largely increased if the arrangements for working the machine had been better. There were several Caloutta sweeps arranged. In one held the night pre vious for £94, Mr. Markwell's Twilight was bought for £80, the actual winner only bring ing half the amount. The Flying Handicap sweep dosed for £68; £13 10s. was given for Brimstone, but only £7 10s. for the winner. The Bailway Handicap sweep amounted to £9615 a.; Beohe-de-mer being sold for £20, and the actual winner for £12 10s. A few good dividends were paid by the totalisator, especially in the Bailway Handicap, when £1118s. was paid to backers of Mark Tapley. There were some surprises at the meeting, old Blue Peter securing the big money was one of them. This horse won the same event last year, and on that occasion also the win was contrary to expectations. He was bred on Delta station, and is by King of the North out of Blue Jacket. Five started for the Maiden Plate, The Bing being the winner, followed by Signet and Lucky Boy for plaoee. There were nine starters for the First Corinthian, won by Inkerman, Wing and Over being the placed horses. Club Handicap, nine starters, won by Blue Peter by a length, Beehe de-mer and Proximo 2 and 3; Twi light, Satellite, Singleton, Magnet, Signet, and Mark Tapley were the other starters. Selling Race, six starters, won by Maniac, Harkaway and Bezique 2 and 3. Hack Race, won by. Nondescript, Masher and Kenilworth 2 and 3; six other starters. Flying Handicap, eleven starters, won by Statesman, Newton and Hobart 2 and 3; Brimstone, Satellite, Lunar, Black Bess, Contest, Whalebone, Delaware, and Here's Luck were the other starters. The second day commenced with the Juvenile Stakes, for two and three year olds, for which three started; it was won by The Ring, Luckstone and Brim stone occupying the places. Second Corin thian Handicap, six starters, won by Acrobat, Singleton and Sheldrake 2 and 3. Bailway Handicap, won by Mark Tapley, Inkerman and Newton 2 and 3; Blue Peter, Satellite, Magnet, Statesman, Proximo, Twilight, and Beche-de mer also started. District Plate, Here's Luok, Acrobat and Rifleman 2 and 8; Over, Hark away, ' Wayman, Linguist, and Contest were the other starters; Hack race, six starters, won by Nondescript, Kenilworth and Memo 2 and 3. Farewell Handicap, eight starters, won by Be'chede-mer, Newton and Clodhopper 2 and 3; Enid, The Ring, Here's Luck, Delaware, and Wing were the other starters. On Friday a subscription was made, and added to £50 con tributed by the club, for a third day's racing; £100 was available, and a programme of four events was arranged. The entries were nume rous, and nearly £200 was invested on the totalisator. The first event was a Flying Han dicap of £25, secured by Exile, Newton and Delaware 2 and 3; Maniac, Clodhopper, Tara joke, Brimstone, and The Bing were the other Btarters. Corinthian Handioap of £25, won by Rifleman, Garryowen and Singleton 2 and 8; four others start^i, Hack Race, eight starters, [ won by Sweetheart, Loehnagar and Liberty^ and S. Artesian Handicap of £40, won by Inkerman, Enid and Blue Peter 2 and S; Clodhopper, Statesman, Twilight, Hera's Lode, and Exile were the other starters. At the settling, by cheque paid from the secretary'! office, the chief winners and amounts were :— G. P. Shakspeare, £135 ; 0. J. Wright, £115; W. Holland, £75; A. M'Orodar, £70; F. Walsh, £55; R. Markwell, £30; J. Donnellan, £25; A. Emerson, £95; J. Volling, £20; J. P. Peterson, £10. After paying all expenses tha dob will have a credit balance of about £200. The ring at the meeting was represented by nine bookmakers. The races were not the only amusements pro* Tided for visitors during the week, for thert was the usual winter social on Wednesday, Benedicts' Ball on Thursday, and a cricket match on Saturday* between Baroaldine and Blaokall, in which Blackall gave the other B a beating by an innings and 8 runs. The opportunity was taken while so many visitors were in town to hold a meeting in con* nection with the proposed Amateur Turf Club. Mr. F. B. Murphy, M.L.A., ocoupied the chair. Rules were discussed and adopted, and the sub scription fixed at £3 3s. per annum. Among the officers elected were Mr. F. B. Murphy, president; Mr. J. M. Niall, vice-president; and a strong committee from all parts of the Mitchell district. The race meetings are to be held in Barcaldine, the first probably in Decem ber or January. It is anticipated that the racing will be limited to one day, for prises probably amounting to £250. Mr. Murphy gave £10 towards the funds. ROCKHAMPTON, July 21. [Bt Elkctmc Tklsoiuph.] Seven hundred and Bixty signatures to the separation petition have been obtained on the goldflelda outside Mount Morgan. A disgraceful scene occurred on the wharf last night on the arrival of the tender Dolphin from the Taroba with the Dacca's immigrants onboard. About 200 youths assembled and indulged in a display of pure larrikinism. They jeered and shouted at the immigrants on board, and seizing possession of the gangway pre vented anyone getting ashore. Afterwards the gangway was brought back, but the youths crowded on it and prevented it being pushed on board. Ultimately a line was passed from the tender, which was attached to the gangway, and it was drawn on board by the steam winch. No police were present at first, but a few came afterwards and escorted the immigrants to the depot. The outbreak had no reference to any opinions hostile to immigration, no remarks of that kind being made, but it was simply pure lawlessness. The immigrants on landing were not mobbed, but there was a running fire of jokes, directed especially against the girls. The North Rookhampton bore was sunk only 68ft. last week owing to the wet weather and the hardness of the country. The bore is now down 1430 ft., and, as the water is now rising to within 4ft. of the surface, it is expeoted that a spring may be tapped at about 1600 ft. The strata passed through are very hard, and half the time has been spent in sharpening and repairing the drills. July 22. Senior-sergeant Bourke has been recom mended for a good reward for the ingenuity and courage displayed in the capture of the escaped prisoner, John Graham, on the night of the 14th instant. July 23. The "slate "proposal was discussed by the Woodworkers' Union on Monday night, and was generally approved of. The recent ©old and damp weather has occasioned a great deal of siokness in the oity, and many of the people are suffering from severe colds and influenza. A few have been attacked with "la grippe," and,that malady is spreading, though slowly. It has reached North Bookhampton, but up to the present only one or two oases are reported in .that borough. , ■ The Chamber of Commerce, has decided to ask the Government tp send additional plant to the Fitzroy Biver to cut away the shallows while the dredge is kept in permanent work. In the course of the disoassion on the subjeot, Mr. W. Henchman said they not only had Mr. Jardine's prediction of two years ago (that in eight or nine months from that date there would be at least 12ft. of water from the mouth of river to the wharves), but the whole of the dredging operations had been a failure. The Chamber decided not to take any action rela? tive to the circular from the Employers' Union, considering the matter to be outside their province. . TAROOM, July 18. On the evening of the 15th instant light rain set in, and continued up to last night. The stream of travelling stock is in full flow. Three and four mobs pass through every week. The last lots I have to report are as follows: —On the 15th instant Mr. John Croker passed through the town with 760 bullocks from Ghin- Ghinda bound for Muswellbrook, the property of Messrs. Barnett and Hooper. This lot, like most of the mobs passing oilate, shows want of condition. On the same day a lot, numbering 700 bollocks, the property of Mrs. Ferguson, of Byerwin station, ntar Nebo, in charge of Mr. C. D. Connors, crossed the bridge and passed through. Their destination is Esk. This is the only lot that is not travelling for New South Wales. During the last month a large number of travelling stock are reported as near here. A meeting was held last week by a number of the sportsmen of the town and a programme drawn up for a winter grass fed race meeting. The added money amounts to £55, and the meeting is to com* off on the 9th September. Although this season has been so mild, all sorts of stock are in worse and weaker condition than for many yean past. The roads are very sloppy again, but rations and necessaries are plentiful. THARGOMINDAH, July 12. A meeting will be held in the coarse o! a week or bo to make preliminary ar rangements for holding a spring race meet ing. It i 9 probable that athletio Bports will be held about the same time. The tnnnal meeting of subscribers to the Thargo mindah District Hospital was held on Thurs day. The balance-sheet and reports submitted •howed that the institution was in a satis factory condition, financially and otherwise. During the year considerable improvements Lad been ellccted, and a large number of patients treated, whilst a credit balance of over £800 still remained. A drover named M'Culloch lmd his left arm broken a couple cf days ago near M'lntyre's Gap by a kick from a horse. He was brought on to town, where his injuries were attended to by Dr. Fitzgerald. The mail between here and Hungerford has been running very irregularly for some time past. Both the Uulloo and Paroo are now crossable, and the coach should be able to get through to time. fanm,imTvm?/R .TiilvSi. During the last month -or, &Q; Mr. Patterson has been occupied in making the per manent survey of the railway between Meringandan and Goombungee. This is the outcome of the visit of the commissioners in May last, and it is earnestly hoped it will further result in having the plans and specifi cations laid before the House this session. The traffic to Meringandan at present is something enormous, tons and tons of com being shipped as fast as it can be loaded, and tons upon tons yet remain to be shifted. I know ajlot of fanners here who have not sold a bushel as yet. The railway is urgently needed, and our hopes are centred on the Minister for Railways recognising our wants on the report of the commissioners, and speedily laying the matter before Parliament. The first sale of private land in the Goom bungee district will take place on Wednesday next. This is the Pearson estate, comprising fifteen valuable farms. This sale will be watched with great interest, as it will be an indication of the value of land in the immediate neigh bourhood of the township, and illustrate the progress which has taken place since land was first taken up here a dozen years ago. It is hoped for the benefit of the district that the sale will prove successful, and with the railway at hand the buyers will have no reason to regret their bargains. If the lots are all sold it will prove a gratifying addition to our population, providing they fall into the hands of farmers who intend to live on the land. Church matters are progressing apace. The contract for the new German church was let to Mr. Tj. Goebel, late of Brisbane. He is hard at work on it, and the building is under roof. It will be four or live weeks yet before the opening ceremony can take place. The building, when finished, will have a very pleasing appearance, and will prove a decided ornament to the township. I am sorry to state that Mis? E. King, pupil teacher in the State school here, met with a nasty accident on Friday last. She was riding to school when her horse shied and threw her, breaking her arm. She was conveyed into Toowoomba for medical treatment. The weather has been very changeable of late, cold, wet, and sunny days alternating, causing lots of colds and sickness. Fanning operations are confined to ploughing, although a good deal of late corn is unpicked as yet. Stock does not look over well, the cold weather telling on it likewise. In spite of alt the rain the grass is fast assuming the colour of hay, and I am afraid when the summer sets in there will be plenty of bushfires on account of its luxurious growth. MARBURG, July 16. An agitation is on foot on the part of the residents of Lowood and district to separate from the Walloon and Tarampa boards, and constitute themselves into a shire council. At the Police Court on Wednesday last, before Messrs. F. W. Linning (chairman), Muller, and C. G. E. Wiese, JJ.P., Coombea, a South Sea Islander, was charged with deserting from the hired service of Mr. T. L. Smith, of Wood lands sugar plantation. Coombea was arrested in Brisbane, at a boarding-house, and was brought before the metropolitan court and re manded to Marburg. While on the way up he managed to elude the vigilance of his custodian at Walloon railway station, and taking to his heels struck out for the bush. For a couple of days he wandered about the district, the police in tbe meantime being on the alert and ready for his recapture. He was eventually caught in Ipswich late at night, and was afterwards brought on to Marburg, where he appeared in answer to the charge as above. Mr. T. L. Smith gave evidence that Coombea was bound to him by written agreement, and lie had given him no authority to go away. In answer to a question from the bench, Coombea stated that he ran away becau-e the other boys used to tease him. The bench then explained to him the nature of his agreement, and on re ceiving his promise to return to his work fined him ss. or in default six hours in the cells. The fine was paid by Mr. T. L. Smith. Mr. Gottfried Hoelwarth, an old and re spected resident of Kirehheim, died on Thurs day laßt from oancer in the liver. CABOOLTURE, July 14. The weather continues cold, and last night we had quite a severe frost. The roads are rapidly improving. A court was held on Friday last lor the purpose of hearing appeals against the divisional board valuations. Generally speaking the appellants were very (successful. The Caloundra syndicate's capital value was reduced from £23,600 to £20,000; R. Bulcock's land (Caloundra) was reduced from £28,800 to £23,500; both properties to be taken at an annual value of 6 per cent instead of 8 per cent, at which rate the board had assessed them. W. G. Oeddes's land, Cabool ture township, was also reduced, and Mrs. M. Balloran's Caboolture land was reduced from capital value of £5000 to £3500. T. Carlyle, Caboolture, had his valuation reduced on the annual rent from £246 to £208. Some diffi culty was encountered in forming a bench for the hearing of these appeals owing to the unexpected absence of Mr. Williams, P.M. 'That the poll for the tramway to Caloundra would be successful was a foregone conclusion owing to the number of allotment-holders. The ratepayers of the division are, however, indignant that the board decided not to take a poll of the whole division for and against this loan, as they contend that if the Government should grant this loan for £38,000 the credit of the board would be ex hausted, and no further loans oould be obtained for many years. It is, moreover, stated that only a very small portion of one subdivison will be in any way benefited by this tramway, which cannot by any stretch of imagination be ex pected to pay for itself within thirty years. I understand that the ratepayers of No. 3 sub division will shortly petition for separation from the Caboolture division, as they greatly object to the actions of the board during the past twelve months. CLABENCE AND RICHMOND, July 19. Last week and at the beginning of this week we had very frosty mornings. On the Clarence these frosts have done no injury to speak of to the sugar-cane, but they have done considerable damage on the Richmond, so much so that on many plantations the frost-bitten cane has to be cut immediately to prevent its total loss. Cane-cutting and crashing are now in full swing in these districts. About 500 hands are engaged at the big mill of the Colo nial Company at Harwood, and their mill at Broadwater, Richmond River, has about the same number of men employed. Some of the smaller mills on these rivers are also about to begin work. Altogether, a larger quantity of cane is expected to be crushed this season than during any previous year. Farming operations, especially ploughing for maize planting, are being actively carriod on at present here. The rain that has fallen during the past two or three days is very favourable. Dr. A. Thompson, the chief medical adviser to the Board of Health, Sydney, is at present on a professional visit to Grafton to ascertain the sanitary condition of that town. To-day he visited the gaol and hospital, and ere leaving the district he intends to visit the town of Maclean, Lower Clarence. His report is ex pected to be of some value to the inhabitants of these towns. The quarterly meeting of the General Com mittee of the Clarence Pastoral and Agricul tural Society was held on Wednesday last. The executive reported that in the course of the quarter the society's show ground had been enlarged by two additional acres, thus making it very commodious. Mr. T. Page, the secre tary, who had been the society's representative at the conference of delegates from agricultural societies recently held in Sydney, gave a de tailed and interesting account of the proceed ings of the conference. It was announced that the annual meeting of this society will be held on the 30th instant. The usual monthly meeting of the Clarence Biver and North Coast Farmers' Association Board was held this week. The balanoe-sheet and profit and loss account for the half year were received, but they did not come up to the expectation of the directors by reason of the heavy losses sustained by the farmers of the district through the floods. It was agreed to hold the half- yearly meeting of the associa tion on the Bth of August next, in the Theatre Royal, Grafton. At Casino this week 22,900 acres were taken up by selectors. The resumption of the lease hold areas in the eastern section of New South Wales has given an impetus to conditional purchase. As a oonsequenoe large areas are being selected, and will continue to be so during the current year. The vital statistics for the quarter ended June last show the general health of the in habitants here to be comparatively good. 