\ Fires. An outbreak of fire, which fortunately was not attended with the disastrous results that at one time threatened, took place in the ware house of Messrs. Hsley, Doubleday, and €©., American merchants, of 38. Market-street, on Saturday. The alarm was given through street box 24, and the M. F. Brigade, who were promptly on the spot, set to work with hydrant, and succeeded in getting the flames tinder. The origin of the fire is unknown, and the advisability of holding an inquiry is being con sidered. The contents are insured in the Royal Insurance Office for ^4650, but the damage done is not of any great moment. At 11.35 a.m. on Saturday a fire broke out in the drapery shop of Messrs. E. W. Goode, 165, George-street west. The fire was subdued before any great loss was sustained. The contents are insured in the Scottish Union and National Office for .£340, and in the New Zealand Office for £150. At 11.29 p.m. on Saturday, the residence of Percy Challice, situate at North- street, Marrick ville, was discovered in flames. Two rooms were burnt out, and the roof damaged before the fire iras overcome. The contents are insured in the Australian Mutual office for JE75, and the build^ ing, which is owned by Mr. Challice, is insured in the Mercantile Mutual office for j£150. At 5.19 p.m. on Sunday a bushfire was dis covered raging on Waverley Heights. An un occupied dwelling, owned by Mr. W. M'Quade, which was located thereabouts, was burnt to the ground. The dwelling was not insured. A fire took place in the private residence of Mr. T. W. Richards, situate at Birrell-street, Waver ley. The blaze occurred through a light coming in contact with some window curtains, but its spread was luckily stopped by the inmates, wh° put the fire out with buckets of water. ;^At|6.30 p.m., on Sunday, a fire broke out on premises situate 'at 158, Harris-street, Pyrmont, occupied by Mr. Frederick Eose, chemist. The origin of the fire, which was quickly put out, was due to the great h.eat of the sun on the shop window. The damage sustained was slight ; and the stock and fittings are insured in the Liverpool, London, and Globe office for JE350. ' At St. Andrew's Cathedral on Sunday morning the Rev. A. R. Rivers preached in aid of the fund for providing religious -instruction in public schools. ? ? ? ^ 