Our Victorian Letter. TFrom our Correspondent.] MetBOtiENE, January 10. ?iThe year 1889 has been one of com jftirsWve quiet, following, as it aid, 'P°n the gaieties of Exhibition-time and the lavish expenditure indulged in by all classes consequent upon estimated probable pro fits arising from speculative transactions in shares and real estate?. That the'sS prc bable profits disappeared and were replaced by incessant calls upon the somewhat depleted savings of past years is now a matter of history, and that the crisis has Wen tided over with only 372 insolvency speaks highly for the fobearance which has been: exercised by those in whose hands lie* the control of our financial affairs. The altered climatic conditions which have obtained since last autumn have made the present, season — the proceeds of which will come into account in 1890 — almost pre cisely the reverse of its predecessor, plenty following scarcity. The depression in the Melbourne Stock Exchange which lasted for three months was succeeded by an active market for the remainder of the year, and prices for stock of those companies not affected by land business are, in most instances, as high as those ruling in 1888, and seats in the room which in the early part of the year were offered at £1000, are now now worth double that amount, there being only three avail able! at £2000 each when the Exchange closed for the year, on the 24th Dec. The most important political occurrence during the past month has been an address to the Premier to his constituents at Kew, in. which he justified the action of the Government in submitting a loan bill for £4,000,000 shortly before the close of the session, on the grounds that the money was being spent entirely in reproductive works which were absolutely necessary, most of them being required to enable the railways to earn an enhanced revenue, and that the material wealth of the colony of fered the largest amount of security to its creditoi'3. Melbourne having been decided upon as the place of meeting of the conference on Sir Henry Parkes' federation proposals, the Premier is now engaged making the necesr sary arrangements. The question whether the proceedings are to be open to the press will not be decided until the first meeting 'of representatives of the different colonies. ^ His Excellency the Governor has attend ed the brealing-up ceremonies in connec tion with several of the educational insti tutioas of the city. In the course of the addresses which he- has delivered he has expressed his appreciation of what is being done in the colony for the higher education of women and also for the military training of boys while at school. Complimentary dinners have been ten dered :to Mr. N. Thomley, M.L.C., the chairman of the Melbourne Harbour Trust, ibythe members of that body, and to Mr. JosephHarris, M.L.A., on the occasion of his leaving here for a trip to the old coun try, i : Mr.' Matthew Henry Davies, the Speaker of our Legislative Assembly; was created a'Knight, Bachelor on the occurrence of Her JMajesty's birthday; , .An engine-driver on the suburban lines is shortly coming forward as claimant in an English baronetcy case. : His father, a captain in. the Imperial araiy, married be neath' him, and though he gave his son a college education his influence was in sufficient 'to gain him a high position. The'ceremony of opening the new Sal vation Army barracks, — capable of holding 1800 people, — which have been erected at the cost of £3,400, was performed by Com niinsioner Coombs on Christmas Day. The opportunity was taken advantage of to wel come the Commissioner, who has recently arrived from the old country to take con'-, maad of the Australian branch of the' Army!.1 ' ; ? The Rev. Canon Langley has been ap pointed Archdeacon of Sale, Gippsland. The Rev. A; R. Blackett, M.A., of New South Wales, will succeed hiin in the in eumbency[of St. Matthew s church, Prahran, This living is one of the most highly en dowed in the colony. : Mr. Justice Hodges has been offered the vacant position on the Supreme Court beach occasioned by the death of the late Mr Justice Kerferd, and it is considered probable that he will accept it. The Society of Musicians of Australia has had to realize a vice-regal flout instead of a vice-regal, favour, His Excellency the Gov ernor having declined to become a patron of the Society. When the Association becomes what it represents itself to be it will then, but Hot till then, be blessed by gubernatorial smiles. This action is pleasing to the general body of musicians, who will continue to watch with some interest the growth, or gradual decay, of this somewhat self-assertive section of the musical world. Mr. Sidney Plowman, F.R.C.S., who has been appointed lecturer on chemistry, phy sics and materia medica, and director of the chemical laboratory in the Jfharmaeatical Society's College, and instructor in phar many to the University medical students, arrived on the 21st ult. from England. Mr. K. L. Murray, electric engineer to the Railway department, has been granted twelve month's leave of absence, in order that he may carefully study the latest developments in electricity as applicable to the economical lighting of trains. During his absence Mr. W. A. Holmes will take charge of the department. The Society papers are drawing attention to the fact that married ladies of fashion in Melbourne seem unable to exist in public without some attendant swain, and censure the husbands for their absence, which leaves foom'for. the door to be opened to serious scandal. An employe in the National Bank, nam ed Webb, shot himself on Wednesday last, having become hopelessly involved by losses in .betting, added to extravagant expendi ture. . Mr. John Frost, manager atNathaha for Messrs. James Fry & Co. Limited, com mitted suicide on the 3rd inst. His books reveal a considerable deficit. ? The obituary list for the month has been an uncommonly severe one among the old colonists, and comprises the names of Mr. Justice Kerferd (who was at various periods Premier and Attorney-General of Victoria); Mr. W. H. Bteel, Inspector- General of Pub lic Works, whose chief monuments will be the Alfred Graving Dock, the Belfast Har bour improvements, the Warrnambool and Portland breakwaters, the Gippsland Lakes Entrance, and the Falls Bridge, which lat ter work was finished only a few days before his death took place ; Mr. Solomon Mirls, locomotive superintendent of the Railway department, who was an immense favourite with the various employes, over 2,000 being present at his funeral; Mr. John Binicle, of the Parkside Ironworks, at one time chief designer and draughtsman for the L. & N. W. Railway at the locomotive and carriage works at Crewe, and whose name is familiar to all colonial farmers owning a chaff- cutter, his make of this article for some years having the run of the markets ; Mr. Joseph Fraser, the well-known phreno logist, who at one time or another must have examined the bumps of most of the aspiring Victorian youth. The usual summer accidents in the swim ming baths are now being reoorded. Dur ing the holidays three men were fatally injured — one, named Lee, diving from a height of twelve feet into water two feet deep at South Melbourne and fracturing his spine, and two men named, Summers and O'Neill, did the same foolish thing at Ken ney's baths, St. Kilda, resulting in concus sion of the brain. A railway accidents at Sandringham, occasioning many severe cuts and bruises, took place on Boxing Day, owing to a stone having got between the points and causing an eagine in process of shunting to take the wro'ig line. Another accident, accom panied with fatal results, is reported from Oakleigh, 'vhere a Gippsland goods-train travelling at the extraordinary speed ef sixty miles an hour ran past the signals which were at ' danger,' and collided with the van of a stationary milk train. A Chinese passenger in the van named Lee Bow Ong, was killed instantly, and the fireman of the engine which struck the first train was seriously injured. The continuation of the new line from Hastings to Stony Point was opened for traffic on the 18th ult. The right to sell spirituous liquors at the railway refresh ment rooms within a radius of twenty miles of Melbourne has been taken awaj by an Act of Parliament, and this fad of the teetotal spction of the community costs the colony J321fiO ppr annum at Spencer Street and Flinders-stie^t station alone ^ the tenders for 189^ being £G50, against £2810, the price paid when th-- right to sell spirituous liquors was roacedeil. The report of the proceedings of the traffic department, who, this holiday season. » have been conveying the people at usual suburban fares, standing in open goods trucks exposed to the sun, carries one back over 30 years in railway travelling. Severe bush-fires ave reported along the North-eastern line, where cropa and grass have been' extensively consumed. _ ?: The premises f-f thu Federal Confection- i arv Co. in Franklin-street, were burnt out on the 18th December. On Tuesday laBt the extensive building occupied by Messrs. Lew Brother, in Lon3dale-street, was ; completely gutted, the damage, which is covered by insurance, being estimated at £40,000; and on Tnenday morning afire broke out at the Artistic Stationery Emporium, in Swanston-street, which was, however, soon mastered, though the loss is expected to reach £5,000, owing to the delicate stock being all more or less damaged by water. Loud complaints are being made by both Superintendents Stein and Manger of the danger arising from the combination of tall buildings, Mansard roofs, open lifts, and overhead electric-light wires (of which the firemen are very cautious), and the want of a Maye's extension ladder to enable the men to carry a jet to a sufficient height to reach the top of the buildings. The end of the year brings most of the trade difficulties to a close; the master millers have conceded the disputed points, the iron-workers and the engineer.3 strike have been settled amicably, the bottle makers have averted a lock-out and tho threatened trouble at the Newport work shops has been warded off for a time,— so that the working-man at present has a pro bability of a peaceful prospect for the next few months. 