An Austrralian Idyl. BY INA, The sun had set, and setting, left behind a floating golden baze, which so often super cedes a summer's day in Australia, there was scarcely a breath of air, but that the sun had set, was relief alone, after the intense heat of the day. Almost all the inhabitants of Whyrella were out in the open air, on lawn, or in gar dens, and the occupants of one immense verandah, which nearly surrounded the house -a will-planned villa-were Mrs. Carruth and her daughter Bessie. John Carroth had been a sea- captain, who died shortly after BoFsie was born, just leav ing his widow enough to live comfortably on for the rest of her days, and with one old and valued servant they lived here in the quite country very happily. The house is some fifty miles distance from the township of Yeadocb, and the man who is sitting beside Bessie Carruth is one of the Yeadoch doctors, a man, who, in spite of his youth, has acquired a large practice, whose ideas-although having the audacity to be much in advance of his older and. better known brethren-are sought and valued, and Brian Armytage is spoken of as a man of whom the world must hear. He has been rather a' frequent visitor .to the'pretty villa since his attendance on Mirs. Carruth for some slight illn- ss. They are sitting there all very quietly, Mrs. Carruth not very originally remarks on the intense beat of the day, Dr. Armytage acquiesces, and the cot ver sation 'drops. In a little while Mrs. Carrath enters the house, and-Bessie aind the Doctor are alone, whether it is the heaviness of the air, or the laiiguor that follows after the heat of the day neither seem constrained to speak. After some time Dr. Armytage, rising in. an abrupt manner, Fays :. " Will you walk down through the Yarra paddock with' me, Miss Carruth ?" The girl gives him one swift, longing, look with. her large, soft, brown eyes, and gracefully raises her lithe little form, stands beside him, and the light in the hall falls upon him, his broad shoal ders and erect- figure, but his face is pale, and beneath his tawny moustache his lips are compressed as if in pain, together they pass out, over, the burnt and stubbly grass, and the not unpleasant -scent of dis tant bush'fires greet them as they go, and the note of the curlew rings out mournfully in the night air, s, mournfully that the girl shivers and faintly sighs, she dots not know why,but she has felt a namilees sadness as if in the stillness some sal music, unheard by others appealed to her, and yet wa? only the echo of some sorrow at her heart, she tries to think she has often experienced such a feel ing, whenthe day has-bcenas to-day-the in tense still heat, the sun disa-pea-ing 1'ke a ball of fire, leaving a crinso-i cir'ain hang. ing heavily aroind the h-liz n, the air scant, heavy to breathe and deiressin;. They walk silently on until they reach the large barred gate which opens out onto the Warren road towards Yradoch; a breath of air seems to have risen and a slight darkness has fallen, that heralds the coming moon. He turns towards her and takes her hand. as if in a dumb way, he asks her forgiveness for what he is about to utter. " Bessie," he says, his voice filled with sor row, I asked you to walk here with me to night to tell you of something I never thought to Fay, but under different circum stances. When I:first met you, I was engaged to be married, and had been from the time I was studying at the University. We were never what people term a devoted couple, and, like many others, I thought we had called a kindly interest in one another by a tigher name. .She is an only child, idolized by her father, who, looking upon me in the light of a son in-law, and being a man of wealth and in fluence, helped me In every possible way, and although I al--ays felt deeply grateful, I never realised it so much until lately, and when in the dim future I thought cf my marriage, I always determined, within my self, to repay it, as far as lay in my power, by a life's devotion, to his much-loved child,' and lately, he goes.on, " we have seen so little of one another, and seemed to have so little' interest in each- other's doings, that I thought I might honorably shape things dif ferently, but it seemsI have been quite mis taken, and-our marriage day is already fixed." He stops abruptly, and a siletice fol. lows, then she slowly lifts towards him a per fectly white f ce; and looking straight into his sad eyes, thrills'him, a message from her own sweet brawn ones that goes direct to his heart, and though soon to be separated for ever, they understand each other fully. " We must say good-bye," she murmurs softly, as if she had buried her sorrow, and with that utter abnegation, that seems part of some women; she would hide her pain to share his. She knew he loved her, and loving him, she recognised his sorrow, almost forgetting her own. "You. know," she says bravely, her eyes smiling sadly into his; as one takes the last look on their loved dead, " we must make the solid silver chain of friendship, supply the broken gol len links of love"-a pretty fancy, yet how often carried out, and if it, is, why will the scent of a fl wer, the voice of music, the broken remembrance of a scene visited together, rise up before us daily, ab, hourly, with all thevividness the very Waters of Lethe c?uld not destray, showing everything inthebaraness, transforming all into veritable D :adS :a Fruit. He dares not venture a reply ; he is not the man to clasp her in his arms and shower his passion-born kisses on her lips, and then leave her, for he knows she is a woman to whom those kisses would burn into her very heart, and he would leave not one glint on the pureness of her heart. ' He will'not give words to the almost over bearing sorrow at.his heart. He has told her all, and she has understood, as one un derstand, when one stands near to death's portals, where all pretension or extenna. tions are done away. Silently they retrace their steps until they are close to the house, and here, with a world of mingled sorrow and lcve in her eyes, she says again, "Brian, we must say good-bye." He does not eoao her words, he only crushes her hand within his own, and giving her one long, fervent look, he turns and hurries away, crossing the broad verandah with trembling:limbs. She at last gains her own room, and here, after locking the door, it seems as though all energy forsakes her, and her eyes have a strained sad look, as she stands dreamily beside her bed and divests herself of her white gown. Almost mechani. cally she lets her thick brown hair fall in feathery masses over her shoulders. Passing her hands feverishly round her firm white throat, she moves towards the window, the scene before her, lies bathed in the white, peaceful- moonlight, which to-morrow will scorch under the beams of a pitiless sun. SHer eyes gaze across the paddock through which she has so lately passed, and a dry sob shakes her frame as she goes through that quiet parting, 'never to hear with beating heart his nearing footstep]i, or on hearing something which appealea to their nnisoned hearts; never again to turn and meet his love-ladened eyes seeking hers. No;..their whole lives lay apart , and teaching this to her, aching heart, she watches with earnest eyes, until the gleamihg dawn comes steal ikg over the mountains. :(To be contilnued.) 