ARTHUR LANDON, THE AUSTRALIAN BUSHMAN. BY ANGUS aIACLEAN COHAPTEB L It was on the morning of that memorable ay which holds such a conspicnoun position in the annals of Victorian history-" Black Thursday"--that a younghorsemanemerged fom the Plenty ranges. shaping his ourse towards the lower, and settled portion of the upper Plenty. The beat even at that early honr became almost intolerable. The blaing son which was partly enveloped in the louds o smoke issuing from the bash ares, cast aterrible hue of purple over the scorched and dreary ndscape. Not a living thing could be seen or heard; even the noisy paraket held its shril and dioerdant chirrup, and the kangaroo took renige in the shady crab, to doze away the awull oppresson which weighed on the face of nature. The youn i bushman whom we are about to introdnce to the reader, and who, ap parently, had weathered many a scorohing ray-judgin by the tanned color of his shin -manifested some oueasiness atthe unusual appearance of the heavens; for he constantly cast a searching glance at the burning sun, and also at the fires raging behind, which drove him out into the open country. His Smight be abot seventeen; his om plexion was dark, probably by exposure to an Australian sun; for that portion of hin skin which had been covered, or shaded, ap. peared white and delicate as a female's. Hi hair eyeb, eye and the slight beard which covered his upper lip, were black. His eyes -which were slightly shaded-were dark, and most expressive. His mouth wae well shaped, with thin lips, showing great firm. nes forhis years; hohad a straight, but short nose, and a nicely-rounded chin. His figure appeared rather alight rond the waist;: but the shoulders were remarkably broad for his age, with long arms; in short, all hie limbs were well knit, and his whole person set forth a repee type of Australian rough-rider and thorough bushman, for it ap peared manifest to an experienced eye that be was perfectly "at home" in his saddle. He rode one of those wiry and hardy horses which his district -Maneroo-has been so iamed for producing-horses which were un equaled for endurance and courage. The young bushman was clothed in cord, strapped pants; a red Crimean shirt; Na poleon, or riding boots; a tweed jacket Ftrapped before him on the saddle, with a cabbage-tree hat on his well-formed head. A large stock-whip hung in coils from the side of his saddle, while he rode slowly along with that ambling pace peculiar to stockmen while in search of cattle; but even at that slow pace, the young *rider seemed anxious and puzzled at the quantity of perspiration which poured from the fanks of the hardy steed. He occasionally laid his palm on eseh side to ascertrin the causes, and also drew the drooping eare tnrough his fingers another feature which gave him uneariness concerning his trusty nag, lest it ihould Sknock up "' before he gained his destina tion; but he was too good a judge to believe that his morning's ride could cause such langour and exhaustion in the animal. The intense oppression and the alarming state of the weather became every moment more apparent. The hot winds blew in ter. rific gpst, sweeping away in whirling clouds dried leaves and dust, while the sun became overcast with. mountains of impenetrable smoke from the numerous bosh-fires which oontinually sprang up in fresh parts, pro dosing a gloom which threatened to extin. 'guish the light of day. The horse, which had before manifested such fatigue, gave a sudden bound that al most unseated its experienced rider, who, on balancing and steadying himself again in the saddle, turned his head round to ascer tain the canse of the unaccountable freak of his nag. He saw to his horror the flames of the bush-fires speeding after him at a fearful rate, and the burning leaves (one of which alighted on the horme's hind-qoarter) shower ing around him like fire-flakes. There was no necessity to spur his horse onwards, for' the animal instinctively comprehended the peril which threatened them, and flew away at a furious pace, bounding and snortine at every fresh spark which foll on its hide. The dangerous situation in which the rider found himself placed.brought forth all his judg ment and experience in averting the raging elsement: but to hi.a onsternation be behnld. fresh fires springing up all around him through the flaming leaves and grasses which were borne away on the whirl-winds. The clouds of smoke and ashes in weioh he was enveloped prevented him from seeing any distance ahead; but at last some indica. tions of habitations being in the vicinity became evident, for he perceived some chil dren flying across his path in great terror towards a farm-house a distance to one side. At this moment he beheld a little girl of about six years old, who had seemingly been left behind by her more speedy and older companions, runnning round in the same spot, with her little hands covering her eyes, in order to shade them from the smoke and ashes, while she cried pitifully after the re treating fugitives. Seeing her perilous and forlorn situation, the young horseman checked his flying steed with a sudden poll which almost brought it on its hannehes; when he sprang upon the ground, oaught the child in bis arms, vaulted into the saddle again, and rode off this time towards the farm; but, unfortunately, he beheld to his disappointment, a strip of fire cutting him off, which compelled him to hold on his original course in order to escape destrac tion. The child, who still held her eyes closed, instinctively 'buried her face in her pro tector'e bosom, while her little arms wound .rond his waist. The young man at thesame time held her with one arm before " him'on'the saddle, while he guided and man aged the borse with the other hand. They rode this way for a short distance, .when the terrified and exhausted animal plunged into a long pond or water hole which stretched aoross their course. The young rider with his burden quickly extricated himself from the saddle, and, alter swimming a few strokes touched bottom, where be stood with the cold water up to his chest still holding the child in his arms. The horse, also, in finding such a cool ele ment, stood still with the water up to his back, which protected him from the heat and fiery sparks. The child, who was first to speak alter their sudden immersion exclaimed : " Where are we Mr. Whitford,' is it the water hole ?" "lam not Mr. Whitford my pet; open your eyes and see," replied the young man, encouragingly... "I can't open them; they arae full of salt," pleode,. the child, pitionsly rubbing the biter a-hee from them. \- W.ait. my dear, I will bite them for yoU," added htier preserver, bashingher pretty (ir., and manifesmiD an much skill in that benevolnt operation se a urse*. After getting clear of the ashes which im peded her vision, the child ope.eed her large bloc eyes and stared wonderingly in the young man's face, which was close to her own; when her pretty lips began to tremble and purse up. ominous seign-as he under stoop-oa weeping. when he encouraged her in the following words: "Don't cry, child; you know I saved you from the fire, which would burn you to death if I had not come the way." "Oh, so you did. I remember now I the naughty boys left me behind when they saw the big fire coming; but see, there it comes again I" This was but toe true. The young man turned round his head, when to his utmost consternation he saw the devouring flames coming towards them again. Their situation became awful in the extreme, there was no escaping the threatened danger, and even if the water should save them from actual scorching, the suffocating heat and smoke would deprive them oft air to breathe. The child cried and coughed, exclaiming convulsively: " am choked,I can't breathe I" while she gaeped, as if in her last agonies, for the stifling smoke and ashes, with the scorching heat, became every moment more alarm ing. "iKeeplyour head down in my shadow, and your mouth near the water," snggested.the young maw sBetting th example,whieh eayed. both from a terrible death, for, generally a' slight current of air floats over the water in these oases. ' . . As providence would ordainr-it elso, or by a happy accident,' a bend in' thes. creek directed the course of'the fire a few" yards from the bank nearthem thaus making their situation more hopeful, and raising the young man's courage. The sweeping hurricane hurried the flames' past them with fearful velocity; devouring on' its destructive course everything before it, and leaving on that terrible day many a family homeless and shelterless,land bereft of all their worldly effects. The little girl, who manifested extraordi-' nary intelligence beyond her years, and who apparently understood perfectly the critioal situation they were placed in, and the great obligations she stood in towards the stranger who saved her life at the peril of his own, on suspecting now the greatest danger to be over, and breathing more freely, raised her head slowly, and, after cautiously looking on both aides, whispered STs the bh fire ll cone?" "Yes my dear, Providene has saved us," replied the young man. - "But if it were not for you poor Nina would be burnt," added the. child inno. cently. "cThat is true, Nina, but you must know that it was Providence sent me ithf way to save you." " And you were nearly lost yourself in eaving me? I suppose you could gallop away from the fire it you hadn't taken me I" "I might; but that would be cruel, Nina." "You are very good, and mamma will be" very happy and thankul to you for saving her poor Nina. I heard your heart pray ing, when my ear was to your breast a while ago."' ' Did you pray yonellf; Nina Y" "Yes; I do every morning and night, for mamma learnt me lots of prayers.'" " That's a good little girl; yon always ay. them, and Peovidence will protect youthe same as to-day." Alter the above convereation the young mao, seeing all danger over, emerged with his wet borden from the watery element, and waded towards the bank which escaped the fire. where he set down the child. But her cramped limbs could not hold her up, so that she was obliged to sit down while her pre server led out of the water the sagacious animal which brought them to this place of safety. Mounting again, with the child in hie lap, the horseman etsred his way Oantionsly through the burnt ground toward the place where he knew the farm house stood, in order to deliver his young charge safely. He had, however, to pick his trnack, and evade many smouldering objects which imperilled the hoots of his nag, lest the poor animal should gofger more injury from the fires which had nearly proved fatal to them that morning. On riding along little Nina gained more courage, and chatted away at a great rate, infoiming her deliverer that she was her mamma's only childand that they were both staying at Mr. Whitford's house. That Mr. Calder had a farm on the other aside of the creek, and that Mr. Calder's boys took her away that morning along with them to look for the cows, and, on seeing the btsh-fire coming, theyran away and left her. On reaching the farm, a frightful speetasle presented itself to the young man. The oom fortable and snug establishment which, an hour before, stood before him, had now a most deplorable and desolate aspect, .Not a vestige of houne, stacks, barn, or fence was to be seen, and the only traces of the snug dwelling . whih remained were the two br.ek chimneya, sar confused heaps et smouldering debris, the remains of the im provements. Sores men and children were walking and senrching about the rins, whoon seeing the stranger ride towards them with the spposed perished Nina, flew to meet them with mali feot joy.. When the y rng mRn: offred to deliver her p. to them,' ahe strongly objected, exclaiming eagerly: "No, no you take me yourself to my mamma, that she may thank you for saving her Nin l" Mr. Whitferd, who now approached the stranger, soggested, since the child was' anxious to present the deliverer to her mother, that her wishes ought to be granted, and told the young man, as he had no place himself to invite the stranger to, and that his family and Nina's mother had been compelled to seek safety in Mr. Calder' house (which es caped the conflagration) he should ride over to his neighbor's house. The young man con sented accordingly, and, on enteriog the house, a moornful scene presented iteel to his eyes. Nina'e mother, who, apparently, had been belore in a delicate state ol health,. now, on eopposiog her fond and only chit to have perished in the fire, fell into fits. which succeeded one another so closely that her life was almost despaired of. Thelittle' girl flew to her invalid mother's couch -, wound her arms rouned her neck, beseechingher to khis her poor Nina. The voice of the childronsed' the mother at last, when the joyful intelli gence was communicated to her which greatly reilevedher sufferings; but it was evident to those present that the shock her deli. gate frame had received would prove fatal The young steanges looked on in mournful contemplation; but on hearing the voice of the invalid, he gave a oudden start, which did not escape the kind eye of Mrs. Whit-' ford. The mother, after the first effusionof affec. tion towards her little child, and on hearing that the brave and gallant rescuer of her only daughter was present, torned round, ex tendingher delcate hand to him, and feebly "My brave youth, may Providense reward you for preserving my child," but her weak state weold not permit her to say moere The yoong stranger took the feeble hand in bin, and achnowledged her grateful remark in a fesa words, on heerilg which she gave an involontary start, saying: "That voice I how very like I" the loot of' her words were so low that no one proecnt could make out their purport. The voary reveger stood for a while as lost i thbught; looking aetsaetedly. at the beautiful but frail image- before him. The vital spark had almost deserted its frail tens. ment through the terrible emerrenees of, that morning. The pale and hollow cheeks, the moistened brow, and the deep, sunken hot brilliant eyes, were sad proofs of near dissolution;. It was now suggested that a person ehould start off at once for the nearest medical man, which, on hearing, the stranger proposed (as he himself was on his way to Melbourne) that he should accomplish that object, which kind ast every one present thanked him for. On taking leave, little Nina ran towards him holding up her pretty face to receivehiepart ing kiss; when, with a sudden burst of on controllable affection he raised her in his arms and embraced her fondly, while shewoond her little arms round his neck, whispering in his ear: " Will you pray for poor mammal" . '"I will, my dear. God protect you my poor ohild I I may see you again." (To be Continued.), 