ROCKHAMPTON. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 16,189P. NOTES OF THE WEEK, The chief item of Parliamentary news this week vas the submission by the Premier of bis draft scheme for the establishment of Pro- vincial Legislatures. Expectation hod been excited by the expansi.-e way Sir S. W. Griffith had spoken of thc scheme he intended to propose-excited, as the result proved, only to be woefully disappointed. The pro- posals fall very far short of what Parliament and the country were led to look for. Slr 5. W. Griffith seems quite unable to grasp the fact that tho people of the Centre ana the North are animated by the laudable ambition that their territory should be advanced to thc full dignity of an independent colony, and they themselves permitted to carve out their own destiny, and enter freely as well into the public life of Australia. He has apparently no sympathy with such senti- ment, and strives to stifle it. The difficulties in the way of Separation have never been belittled by those working to remove them ; and it was their recognition of the magnitude of these obstacles which led many to wait with something of hope for the project of Sir S. W. Griffith. They are not likely to delay longer. Sir S. W. Griffith has simply ignored the feeling A just alluded to. No one expected that any scheme could be framed which would put the people of the Centro and North on the same level as those of Western Australia or Tas- mania, but it was at least fully and rightly believed that they would not be mocked by any proposal designed to keep them, as before, strictly tn the grasp of the South. Yet that is the intent of Sir S. W. Griffith, as revealed in IUB own plan. He first so constitutes the Legislature of the United Provinces that tte South must necessarily have a commanding majority over the Centre and North combined, and then reserves to it the full control not only of all mattera of general concern, bat of domestic subjects as well which belong strictly to the separate provinces. The scheme is a perfect sham, professing great things, and granting practically nothing. It has been rightly denounced as " a snare and a delusion" by the Executive of the Centrar League, and no doubt will be as emphatically condemned by the Northern people. Sir S. ' W. Griffith, in submitting it, hos supplied one more proof of his incapacity to ande rs tend the feoling which is at the bottom of the two Séparation movements, or to seize a great and unexpected opportunity which offered him, the last he will probably ever have on this question. Once more, to quote Mr. Mac- rossan, he comes too late. Such a scheme as he outlined on Tuesday nicht would probably have been accepted lour yean ago, when the first Northern petition was despatched ; a bold, generous, statesmanlike plan such as the country was led to expect from the speech of three weeks ago, might perhaps have defeated, or at least delayed ?separation even now; but the miserable niggardly draft now before the country will be opposed to Separation in vain. The two movements will go on as if it never had been offered. Already the Northern case is closed, and the Central nearly so. We trust every effort will be made to complete the work at the earliest possible date, and so permit of the whole matter being submitted to Lord Knutsford within two months front now. Whatever obstacles lie in the path of Separa- > tion, SirS. W.Griffith'slatestschemewillnot, we think, prove dangerous.-The Assembly has been chiefly engaged during the week in discussing Supply. Excellent progress has been made ; and if no unexpected point crops up, next week should see the Estimates almost out of hand.-There is troublo brewing with tlieCouncil. It saw fi t to altervttymaterially tho Valuation and Hatingi'BUL and we are promised a renewal of the . old ^controversy whether the Council has power to amend such a measure. The Upper House may, not alter a money Bill ; but ute point is whether this measure is a money Bill. The Council is strong in lawyers, and tho amendments were carried by good majorities. Sir S. , AV. Griffith is not likely to submit tamely to such cutting and caning of his Bill, and we may expect lively debates when it is re- turned to tte Assembly. Thé aldernto of tb» lUekhampton Council must sorely bo a .little delicate. Since ever , the hot weather get in it has been a matter of »o little difficulty to get e. meeting of the Council. At the meeting of a fortnight ago only a bare quorum attended, and the busi- ness had scarcely been entered on when one member left to catch thc Emu Park train, and tho Council was forced to adjourn till tile following week. At the meeting on Thursday there was again but a quorum present ; this time, however, no one wanted to go to Emu Park, and all the* business was completed. No matter of great importance came up. The inevitable result of the lavish expendi- ture of the Works Committee is now before the Council-the bauk account is very largely overdrawn. Oa a surface examination tho overdraft does not look serious j but this is duo to the fact, that the Council hus u large sum of loan money tn hand just now, and that credit. greatly reduces the indebtedness of the ordinary accounts. Putting the loan unds aside, the overdraft on the General amt Water Supply Accounts amounts to £9953 .ast year at the same date it amounted t3v £5493, the Council having thus gone to tho bad £4455 during tho twelve months. Wc do not assert that tho money lias been misspent, or that the position is alarming; bat the Council have been spending too freely for* their resources, and must now call a Italt fora time. The practice of spurtiug ami resting is not to be recommended. The Council which spends freely is distinctly uBing rooney that belongs to the futuro. The numbers of a Works Committee which carries out a great many schemes, and leaves thc Council iii suclia position that thc succeeding Committee can undcrtakenothingbut themost urgent matters, may believe they have done a «mart thing. Tho Committee court popularity by the number and magnitude of tho works tiley carry out, and then leave their successors to pay the bill. A Committee- so neting cannot lay claim to any great courage. The In- spector of Dairies (Captain C. A. Calvert) I waa able to present a most satisfactory re- port. His work, though, is greatly hampered, through thc Divisional Board not yet putting thc dairies within their boundaries undor competent supervision. It is to be honed this will bc rectified with- out delay. Alderman Cahill submitted a motion terminating thc engagement of any officer on one month's notice. This was very short warning for au officer who had served tho Council for, say, twenty years, mid an amend- ment submitted by Alderman Hartley, making thc notice three months, wes accepted. Along discussion arose over a request from tho men ' employed on the Archer-street drain contract that tho money in tho hands of the Council should not bo paid away till they have ' received their wages in full. Thc case M as nu undoubtedly hard ono, and shows how greatly wc need a Lien Act ; but thc Council have little powor iu thc matter. All thc aldeimen sympathised with thc men. ThiB was of little use ; and the Town Solicitor, to whom tho mutter had been referred, was of opinion that. as thc contractor had thrown up tho work and thc sureties were now completing it, the Council could not withhold tho monoy of tho latter for wages due boforo they toole over the contract. Ultimately, on tho motion of Alderman Hartley, the matter was remitted again to the Town Solicitor to examino if there were any way by which tho Council could legally pay tho wages, or enforce pay- ment, "s, Aft inly two matters of any moment came before tho Bridge Board at its meeting this week, and both went adjourned. The first was Mr. Ewart's proposal to impose a toll, and the recoud as to tho number of cattle or aiioep to lie «Hawed on the hridgo at one time. Tho toll is a most retrograde proposai. Collection of revenue by toll has every- where been abandoned, lt ia costly, bouanju tho toll-keeper's prntil mum be (mid by Ibo public as well as thc sum rai un ed far tba upkeep of thc bridge or road, and it is obstructive, blocking trattic and giving rise to groat annoyance. A toll on thc Fitzroy Bridge would bc specially objectionable. Al- ready the structure is admittedly too narrow for tho traffic, and it would be still further restricted by the obstruction of tho toll. So inconvenient is the Bridge ou this account, that were a toll imposed, and all vehicles brought to a standstill while payment was made anil often change searched for, there would be crave reason to fear for the public safety. The toll was recommended on thc old ground that those who uso the bridge should pa)' for the repairs. If thc principio is sound they should also pay for the maintenance, but Mr. Ewart did not venture to propose that. But thc principle is »ot sound, because those who usc tho Bridge are not the only people whom it serves. Hundreds are benefited by it who do not cross once in u year, do uot see it in that time, and under the toll system tbey would not pay a farthing of thc repairs. And what do the repairs amount to after all £6000 of which the Government pays half. Allowing for contingencies the Board cannot be liable for more than £4000, and it was J Îiromised that forty years would be allowed or repayment of tho monoy. Thc annual j payment, therefore, must bc a perfect baga- telle when divided between tho three consti tuent authorities, aud would prove hut a fleabite to the ratepayers compared to thc i burden and annoyance of a toll. Thc question of how many cattle or Bhccp may be per witted on the bridge at one time was under- stood to bo settled by the opinion of thc Engineer, Mr. Brady. It now appears that the numbers ia the byekyjvs-fifty and five hundred-was suggested to Mr. Brady, and he approved of it. Thc question, therefore, is whether he would have approved of some other number if so asked. Thc whole subject will come up at thc next meeting, when it 1B to he hoped a definite statement will lw submitted from the Engineer. Hot weather has prevailed herc all thc week, tho temperature in the ahado being daily over 00', and seldom below 05*. Still, it has been fine and bright, the only rain that j ha* fallen being a few light showers early iresterday morning. It is now cloudy, and t seems likely that the prediction of the Government Meteorologist, of an early change, will be verified. Rain would be generally welcomed. It would cool the atmosphere, give a much-needed spring to the grass, and replenish the failing supply of water in many of thc town tanks. It would also help to extinguish the bushfires now raging ell over the country, and which are doing considerable damage in the destraction of grass and herbage. The weather ex- perienced here during thc week has not Leen singular. It bas been fine and hot generally, the mercury standing at 98' on Wednesday at Clermont, which place heads the record in this respect in the Central Division for the period under notice. Locally mining is as quiet aa ever. The| only item of news of any importance ts rumour that stone has again been cut in thel Mount Morinish shaft at a depth of 430 feet. I Beyond the mere fact no particulars -are to liand, nor ia it known of what size or extent tho reef may be. If the stone has again " i nade" of similar quality and size to that iu 'the stope« at the upper levels, it will of course i .greatly enhance the value of the property, j and encourage prospectors in other claims to go down. A fairly satisfactory report has een received from Conran's, which leads to the hope that renewed prosperity may attend present operations. - \- There have been very few public amuse, «njnts thia week. Townspeople gave them- selves up to pleasure on Monday, to celebrate ithe birthday of the Prince of Wales. Sports ?were held at the Cremorne Gardens, and picnics at Emu Park, the Botanical Gardens, .Olsen's'Caves, and other popular places of resort at holiday time. A concert and ball last evening, in the Sohool of Arts, under thc auspices of the Scottish Rifle Corps, was thc only other entertainment provided-indeed thc only evening entertainment of the week. The week has been a very busy ono in the Police Court. The aboriginal Peter, who was Arrested for the wounding of a gin named Annie, at the Qneen's Park, North Rockhampton, a fortnight ago, has been discharged, there being j insufficient evidence to connect him with thc crime. That the woman was seriously injured by someone is evident : she has been in the J Hospital for a fortnight, and is not vet re- covered from her injuries. Urged by the caustic remarks of the Police Magistrate, con- cerning thc inability of thc police to discover .the persons who supply the aborigines with drink, Senior-Sergeant Bowen summoned Mrs. j Duffy, licensee of the Railway Hotel, North Rockhampton, for giving liquor to the woman Annie on the night of the row at the Queen's Park, on which occasion, it will be remembered, ono blackfellow was killed. That the disturbance originated through tho I natives heine inflamed with drink is ?evident, anti the penalty inflicted on Mrs. Duffy, £5, though heavy, was deserved, and is likely to nave a good effect. Publicans have been cautioned publicly from the Bench times without number, and in tho present case thc offender could not-and did . not-offer any excuse, as she lias been in the trade for seven years.-Two roughs-one Thomas Jessop, alum Thomas Brown, a recent importation from lirisbntie, and a man with a lengthened criminal record, und 1'atrick Sullivan, a local larrikin, also a very bad character- have been sent to prison for six months and one month respectively. Jessop picked the pocket of u lad named Albert Danker while he was watching a game pf billiards at a street Euloon, and Sullivan j abused u boy-a vendor of pies-for daring to ask him for payment of a pic bc purloined. Their have been several thefts committed in thc town of late, hut in most instances thc tl.ieves have been undetected. Thc Railway ! Hotel, Rockhampton, hod been several times visited, and thc proprietor, tirjpg of this, set bis step-son to watch. A man named William Barton was caught red-banded, and de.tltj with in a most ' exemplary fashion, being sentenced to thc full torin of imprisonment six months. As tho Police Magistrate re- marked, thc public aro now, while thc hot weather lasts, at thc mercy of such men us Harton. Tho heat is so grout that they bnvc to leave their doors and windows open, and while thev sleep thieves prowl round, and carry oiT ott they eau lay hands on. The news received by cable this week has been unusually interest ¡UR. The landon committee of thc Northern Separation League continues to display that energy and dis- crimination for which it has always been noted. A deputation from tho committee, it lins now been arranged, « ill wait upon Lord Knutsford on tho 17th of next month, wheu probably ntl authoritative statement of thc in- tentions of thc Colonial Oflicc with regard to the whole matter will bc made.-Mr. Fitz gerald, the Australian laliour delegate, hasnow Keen informed by the noians of the collapse of tho strike, and we are not favoured with any menages this of the capitalistic press," Labour troubles generally in Britain neem to be greatly modi- fied. The resolute action of the al»]» witera lias made the men pause in their wild schemes, and there is now a pros|iect that an equitable arrangement will bc arrived at of all matters in dispute, which it may be hoped will not bc disturbed for some time-The provocation America hos given through the M'Kinley Tarin" Act liss brought alwut raprisals. A bill is »ow passing through thc French Chamber giving authority to the Govern- ment to impose special duties on imports from countries which show themselves hostile to French industries. - Ur. Koch's con- sumption euro has evoked thc widest intorcst in Kuropc. The disease is one greatly dreaded in alt cold countries, corresponding, in our day, to the small pox of a century ago. If, therefore, Dr. Koch can supply a remedy to this terrible scourge, he will undoubtedly bo worthy of naming alongside tho great Jenner. -There is clearly going to bc a hitter con- troversy with, probably, a lair suit at thc end of it, between Mr. Stanley and the relatives of the late Major Bartellot. Mr. Stanley has brought charges against Major Bartellot of abominable cruelty to thc natives, and these have been warmly rcpolled. 1 -Oeneral Booth's reclamation of waifs scheme is meeting with approval ami support in many influential quarters. Tho Prince of Wales, the Bishop of London, Cardinal Manning, thc President of the Wesloyan Conference, and many others keenly interested in tho material improvement of the poorer classes in London have taken up the project warmly, and are giving it all the support in their power. - Amongst many other things which must bo put down to Mr. Balfour's credit ¡B thc fact that he has been able to avert thc threatened famine in Ireland. The measures of relief taken by him have proved completely adequate to the danger, and thc subscription lists on behalf of tho distressed people nave now been with- drawn.-There is a prospect that the long standing grievance of the people of New- foundland over the matter of the landing of French fishermen on their Bborcs will shortly" bo settled. Lord Salisbury, it ÍB now re- ported, bas offered to give France certain por- tions oj territory on the west coast of Africa, provided she surrenders all her claims to land on the Bhores of Newfoundland, or engage in fishing within the international limit. 