"Camperdown chronicle." PUBLISHED Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1890. CURRENT TOPICS. TnCBSD*r, 1890, as anticipated, proved v modern editiun of Thursday, Cth February, ISSI, which is familiarly known as '.'Binck Thursday." At 9 o'clock tho ihvniqracter stood at 90 in the shade, nrliieli gradually increased in the dny woro on until at 4 p.m. it reached 99. This was tho highest official reading for the season, although other thermometers have mndo n higher register. A nliiiht breeze prevailed during the day, which to some extent relieved the axtremo oppression produced by the sun. The heat acted as a feeder U> the fires already started, whilst it brought new ones into uiUteuce. Lifo in the forest country wns rendered almost unbearable by reason of tho heat and ttnoku arising fioin the numerous fires. There was a change towards evening, and yesterday the weatucr ni more endurable, though s;ill warm. There has beeo a steady though slight fall in tho barometer during tho last d»y or two, but it would bo extremely hazardous to predict any lengthened ■pell of cool weather. Whilst the warm weather is seasonable, it is decidedly unpleasant, and a return of cool { weather would be gratefully appreciated. Tiie intense heat experienced on Thurs day fanned existing hushlires into destruc tiro vitality, ami brought fresh 6res int» existence. Tho most disastrous was that which broke out on Wednesday afternoon about two. o'clock between Terang and Mortlakc It is said to have boon caused by sparks from the railway locomotive, which tired tlie gnus in several places. As staled in Thursday's issue tho tiro which started on Keilambete passed through the properties of Mesura. M'Kcnzio, M'D.niald and Gray on to "The Sisters" stotiuo. A vain attempt^ wan here made to etay tho program iif the' fUtues, which overrun tho Me-srs. Pocieer Bros, and M. Taylor's holdings. Tho tiro was shortly after subdued. The principal losers by ttic fire are the Messrs. I'oduer Bros, and the Messrs. Black Bros. The former lost about COO sheep and 1000 acres of grass, and the latter foruo valuable stud Fh«rp, several miles of fencing, and about 0000 acrrs of grass. The losses of the other property- holders are very htavy. Further south at Ecklin Mr. J. 11. Gubbins has lost a lot of grass by firm. Bushfires have been burning fiercely during the week close to Curdie's River, in the neighbourhood of the forest railway line. The properties of Messrs. Adeney, J. Allen, Keogh, M'Arthur, and many others have been devastated. Largo bu»h fl'O* hive also been burning for h wivk or two south cf Cubden. U.i Thuisjay i> heavy smoke was seen from Cubden in the vicinity of Kuorluoulong, inditating a very largo fire. Around Carpendeit and South Purrumbele the fires havo been specially severe, and much datnago has been done. A firo is siid to havo enteicd tho M'Kenzie Bros, property, at Carpcn deit, and to have done conaiderable injury. The residents of the district turned out in numbers on Thurcdiy last to assist in stayiug the progress fo tho flames. The report came to litnl last niiiht to the effect that the large iire which has been burning for some dajs oi the west bank of Lako Elingaiuito turned on Thursday, and swept over Mr. Axford'a property, burning a lot of slab fencing and gran*. Tuk extension of the line westward liv resulted so far in a complete derangement of the train service. Durum this week the trains up and down hare been very irregular in their hours of running. The down train from Melbourne to Pun Fairy <>v \Vedne*day night wai considerably behind time, and as a enn^equmee the first up train from Port Fairy on Thurs day morning was nearly an hour overdue at Caraperdown. The remainder of the trains on Thursday were also eery late. It is probable that tho irregularity will continue until the adoption of tho per manent tima Üblo next mouth. The changes in tho post and telegraph department are being carried into effect. Mr. Dick, who has been appointed to the charge of the Camperdown office, arrived tast tii.-bt, and Mr Hannah will luive to-day for Daylesford. A picnic, in which part was taken by the employes of tho various business tirms of Camperdown and other;, waa held on Thursday afternoon at t!ie Public Park. Tho excursionists were conveyed to the park shortly after noon in dragi aud othrr conveyances. The wosther wan intensely hot, and it was not until towards evenine that the enjoyment wis commenced. Tho picnic was in c>n sequence krpt up till about dusk, when tha pleasure seokors began to wend th*ir way homeward. Tno outing proved an enjoyable one in spite of the disagreeable weather, and hopes were expressed that simiUr gatherings would become popular in the town. The daily average quantity of milk, taken in »t tho Cubden Butter Factory has fallen to about 900 gallons. Owing to tho sxceasive heat which hai recently prevailed, and the want of a cooling chamber, the manager has been sending the cream to Melbourne to be tiin-le up into butter. Only a small quantity for local use is now mado at tho local factory. Thft directors are awaitine tho result of the bonus offered by the Government fur the discovery of the best system before proceeding with the erection of a cooling chamber. The roads between Camperdowu and Port Campbell havu been rendored somr wh«t dangerous by reason of the trees which fell across them during tho recont busb fires. That well-known and trust ■rorthy whip, Mr. M'lntyre, met with a disa-ter some d«ys ago by the wheel* of his conveyance going over a heavy log. The passenvers were thrown out but uo one was injured. A tub containing butter fell on the driver, but beyond the tem porary inconvenience arising from a shower of butter, he received no hurt. A HUoriT accident happenol on Thurs day afternoon to a vehicle, the occupants of which wt>re returning from tho Public Park. When opponito Mr. Mitchell's renidenco on the C.l.den road one of the wheels suddenly fell to pieces. Tho driver *m slightly stunned, but tho other occupants of tho busuy escaped without injury. The indulgence of th« Education Do |Mrtment with regard to tho ciisiniual of schools at noon intheevent nfexceutiouilly hot weather wh very generally availed of on TbandaT. Excellent progress is now being made with Iho construction of the Curdio'a River railway line. Tho rails aro being extended into the " big cutting" »t Cameron's Springs as tho oatth is romoved. The cutting will ba finished in the courao uf a fow days if the wonthor keeps lino, and rapid progress will then bo raado as tho remainder of tho lino to Cnbden is almost completed, and tho platelayers will bo ablo to push on at once. Tho lino to Cobdon fhould bo completed by Easter. On that section the gatekeepers cottages are already in position. Ou tho socond section tho contractors hnvo rcconrly mado an excellent start. The clearing will bo oxtendod to the banks of Curdie's River during next week, and as tho timber on tho portion south of tho river is lighter tho whole of tho clearing will shortly bo completed. A considerable amount of tho formation has been finished, and several gangs of men are at work on the cuttings which aro numorous and honvy approaching tho rivor. Wh«n tho cutting at Cameron's springs is finished work will lie found for tho men in the second section. Tho contractors, Messra. Busccimbo, Ohappcl <fc Bell, have erected a mill in an oxtonsivo forost in thoLimestonoCrcek. about threo miles from the rivor, and obout seventeen miles from tho starting piiiut of the lino. Tim timber iB of an excellent quality. Altogether Iho con tractors now soem determined to pnsh tho work vigorously forward, nnd to got tbo lino off their hands as speedily an ponible. Tttc cvor-wulcomo Lynch Fnmily of Bcllringets and vocalists nre announced to reappear at tho Mechanics' flail, Catnperdown, Tuesday eroning. The programme to bo presented that night is an unusually attractive one, and many novelties aro promised. Tho company a>e certain to command an excellent homo ns they havo mado an excellent reputation for themselves in the Western District. Particulars as to price.*, .to, aro advertised elsewhere. A co.NCMtT is announced tn bo held in tho T<-mpuranco Uall, Cobden, on Monday ovouitig, in nid of tho funds of the Presbyterian Manra. Part will bo taken in it by local amateurs and members of the Campordown musical association. An application was fovourahly enlor tained by tho Hanulunshiro Council on Wednesday for tho expenditure of a sinnll amount of money on tho road recently surveyed to givo access to the new selections on tho Gellibrand River. Tho selector* interested uffen-d to be:»r a fair share uf tho cost Cr Walls mured the expenditure <>f £20, condilmuul on an expenditure uf £10 by the persons interested. Cr Shaw supported tho motion strongly, and considered that the circumstances were such as to justify the council going out uf its usual cnurau in order to accede to th-T.quenl. Tho road would open up a lot new country and nuiilil assist in tho development of ita resources. Tho motion was carried iiimniinously. It is expected that the r.iad can bo mado fit fur certain kinds uf traffic by the expenditure uf about £30. Tut: police arrested last niiWit an oM man named James Smith, a stringer to the district, who had been complained against for misbehaving himself beforo a number of littlo cirla in Fergusson Street, n*ar tho windmill. The prisoner will bo brought up at tho polico court this morn ing. Uabvcstino is proceeding stead? throughout tho district, the weather having been mo>t favourable for sue'l operations. As far si can bo ascertained the crops trill not be a" heavy as was anticipated hcfnro they nroro cut. Tlw f.illiug uff in the yield of iut> is attributed in sooio q'l.irler* to citcrpilUrs (tripping the nig." whils: the reduced yield of v h a*, j ii kttnbutnl l.y M-viwal f.,rm.rB to (lit- , too su ld:ii iii coming of Ihu very lu<t j weather after heavy rains, which caused j Iho grain to ripen too quickly. Tim crop* as n whnlu are tatufnetory, though tho yields aro not generally up to antici pations. The conference for lh« federation of the Auitr.t.'amQ colonies mrt on Thursday. The halince sheet of the Gimpt-rdown Mechanics' Inttitut> it now advertised. A general meeting of the Luraoro Athlrli- Cluli will be held tliis evening in tbc M-chaalca' Institute. The ri\>ur mill of Mr. W. Danc.n, M L A., a-. Kupinyup, nai toUlly consumed by fite ..II Wednesday. Tlie time table, list of fare*, anil other Particulars conuictad with the excursion to Warrnaaibool ou Friday, 21»t inst., are now adnrtiird. The services in connection with the Bible Christian churches will all be held as usual to- morrow. Tclsjraph offices bare hern opened at the nil way stations at Mort'ake. Pmmuro, Rarvuc»nd Warrnamhtfl. Intclligeucs has been received that the Die dc Montprntier, fifth son of th« late Kii.g Louis Philippe of Franca, died suddenly on Tuesday of apoplexy whilo ou". for a ualk. Captain O'Slif a is per»ev<-ring in his psli tion far a divorce. Sir. I'arnell being co respondent, and ho h*s retained the Solicitor (icnerai, Sir Edward Clarke, to prosecute bi> action. The Minister of Education, Dr. P.aram, iiai decided that when the temperature in a «chool-room exceeds 99 degrees the head ! richer may »t his discretion tend away a clxi or classes during the afternoon. This concc'sion is limited to the present month. Tv« French Ouvcrnment has determinfii vi on largely strengthening the nary, and with this object in view has decided to build next year ten ironclad*, eleven cruiserii, and a large number of torpedo boats. Sierra 'City, in California, situated at the foot of tho Sirrra Nevada monntnim, has been smothered by a grcit avalanche of snow, which fell from the »ide of tho range A large number of resident* have been entombed, and hundreds of men are now digging rigorously in tbs endeavour to effect their rescue. It hts transpired that Mr. C. S. Paro^l, M.P., initiated the negotiations for tha m-ttleroeot which was arrived at between himself and the Time* in connection with bis libel action against that piper. ■ The terras of the settlement comprise that the Timn «h«.ll pay the cost* at betireeo party aid party. Wiinrcgard to the parcels poitwhich has been established between Victoria, and JJew Zea land the poital authorities wiih it to be understood th»t all parcels most he posted it least a» hour before the advertised time of cloriu the mail), otherwise the parcels will be liable to be detaioed until the follow ing steamer. Mr- James White !>ai determined to with ■liatr from actiro participation in colonial turf pursuits, and will sell his thoroughbred yrarlingf, together with bis horses In train in? and other*. He will not dispose of th» sires and liro-xl mares at his Kirkham stud, and hai decided not to part with tho old faroarita Abercoru. The yearlings will 1m sold at tlia close cf theA.J.C. Autumn Meeting, and the horses iv trainiag at a later date. Thepostal authorities hare arranged that the urgent telegtat system, which is already in force between this colony, New South Wales. Q jeenslaud and South Australia, shall be extended to Taanistiig. The ordinary rsto fur telegrams to that colony it 2s (or 10 words and 2 I for cTtry additional word, and the urgent rate will be double this. Tele (nmi marked urg«nt w II recc-tre precedence «.vit ordicaiy messages. New Zealand Bad Wept Austra*!i» are iim' tin; only colonies to which this system does not extend. With ng«rd to the ii-c-nt imbroglio be tween Uient Hrltaiii and Porlugal an Argtu oblejiram «taie< tint it i» reported that the Marquis ■ ( Salisbury is nuking prepara tions 1 ir tlin imiiimlute o^cu|i>tion"cf Mako lolulaud, aud tli- c unlry on th- rirer Shiri. This is Hie tcmtory n-cently in disputo betwreu Kualai.d and l'urtuira', and the scene of Major Pinlo's operations. In com lilianc* with the Ei(;li.h ultimatum, the Portuguese bare, uu.nr protest, yithdimwa I ( UMirsScsaiafrosßUcoosuitr/, I Tho shipment of butter tent from Mel bourne to London by the Department of Agriculture fur Victoria, which left by R.M.B. Austral, on December 20, has been offered for tale. The bntter proved to havo been lutdly packed, and tho greats' portion of it was in a damaged condition. Superior qualitiea were sold at from £4 10s to £3 8« perewt, and inforior varieties at from £2 lOi to£3 per cwt., as against £5 10) for superior, and £4 I 9« for inferior, realised for tho butter previously sent to England by the IS.M.S. Ortnnz. The amnunt of revenue received at the Treasury for the month of January was £793,255. The amount received far the same month last year was £790,213, the decrease thus being £3075. Tho total revenue received from July 1, 18S9—the be* (Tinning of thft financial year—tn tbo 31st Jainary, wa< £5,103 341. The propo.tionatc amount of the Tiea'nrer'a ntinitte for the tamo period was £»,5G7,597, so that the excess v! revenue over the estimate fot the past seven months of the financial year has been £295.441. An Age telegram report* that Charles Rirort AllprciW, the abounding accountant of tho Comm'rcial Dink, has unco his arrest spoken with Hie utmost freedom respecting his movements slnca ho miilc his escape from Anstialia. with hia plunder, amounting to over £7000. He las now utited lhataftcr visitiog Kuropo he took passage to AdoUMe, where he remained for tome time, and thru returned to Kngland. He Atlm that he "as very saccctsfnl in hii gambling transactions at Muntj Carlo, and it in thought that them i' a pwtibilltyof tho bonk being rceonped the lost it sustained, Allpress is anxious that his rxtradition to Anstrali* anon Id take place nitb the least possible drliy. Kcaein Cablan, an Egyptian hawker, was brought up at tho Koriit Police Court on Wednesday morning, char<rd with tho care less use [if tiio It appears that the nccnucl was journeyinz along the Wool«thorpc road thn previous day, about a mile on the Knroit tido of Wonlsthorpe, when having lighted his pipe, ho inadvertently threw thn rntlch on the road-tide. Tho gram there ought firo immediately, and tint that auitUiiea wjs at hand, an incalculable amount of damage to property might bavo resulted from this small beginning. The accused did his belt to stamp oat the lire. He admits the offence, and stands reminded till Wed ursday next, bail being Allowed. Tho« interested in tho dairying industry (remarks tho Slaiutanl) will bo pleased to learn that the travelling dairy is appointed to visit this district during tho present month, though whether it cornea or not will depend upon certain conditions being complied with The letter addressed by the Secretary for Agriculturo to Mr. Ivor J. Williams, secre tary of the V. and 11. A. Association, reads in follows:—"I have the honor to infnrm you that the travelling dairy can commence work under the auspices of your society at Warruamboolonthc2lstin«.,on tho follow, iug co- jditi.iDs:—lst—That n supply of 50 gallon* of milk per day be assured ; '2nd—A plentiful supply of clean fresh water; 3rd— To provide horso or engine power (horse works accompany the plant); 4th—To pro. vide a secureiv-encloscd building of not lets thin 12 feet by 16 feet." The Agricultural Association'^ committee decided some months since that the d liry shojld be worked first a»- Mr. Bliin'», Garvoc, this being tho centre of a large dai-yins district. Mr. Main has been communicitcd witb, and probably he will have no dilficolty in providing (or the conditions. 