GENERAL NEWS. During the greater portion of this week the town lias been totally sur lounded by bush-fires, which in some instances have done an immense amount of damage to the settlers. The unfortunate girl named Evaus» who met with an accident owing to the explosion of a lamp last week, now lies in n very precarious state, and yesterday evening it was not thought she would live the night thr:ugh. Leiters addressed to the following persons are now Jyir g at the York Post Office W. bailey, Miss Cour thope, AY. Salter (3), Jemmy Kennedy James Johnson (2), II. P. If, Jas Qai_' pin, 1. Grady, it. Poster, James Priest A. Koss, M. fityan, John Rampling, Thomas AYilliams. The landlord of the Imperial Hotel, Mr. A. McNaughton, met with a rather painiul accident the other day, while engaged in placing some ale in a cellar. One of the hogsheads rolled on to Mr. McNaughton's right foot, causing some what severe injuries. Since the acci- dent Mr. McNaughton has been obliged to seek the assistance of a walking stick, so as to enable him to attend to his duties in connection with the ho- tel. His Excellency the Governor has been pleased to define and set apart the land, as hereunder particularly describ ed, as an agricultural area, containing 10,000 acres All vacant land includ- ed within the following boundaries : On the North and West I y the road from York, via Yalladilly, to Mecker ing; on the South by the road from York, via Yennedine, eastward ; and on the East by part of the western boundary of Meckering agricultural atea, and a line in prolongation thereof southward A strong gale was experienced in this district on i Monday last. Heavy rain and hail fell in a great many quar I ters, aud a number of settlers have sus tained considerable damage to their wheat crops. Among those who have suffered we might mention Messrs. Jas. Fleay, John Fleay, Darlot Bros., and H. Iiukin, aud from what we can learn it is supposed that numerous others have been similarly dealt with. Very little rain fell in this town, but large clouds of dust rose from the ground, and for a few minutes the sky was com pletely obscured. At the York Police Court yesterday morning, before the Resident Magis trate (Air. P. A. Hare), the adjourned ease of Oloster v. Knoop, in which the plaintiff sued the defendant for the sum of £25 10s., amount of wages due, came on for hearing. The plaintiff ap plied for a further adjournment, on the ground that his solicitor (Mr. Spry) was away from town. Mr. McCoy, who represented the defendant, said . he would have no objection to an adjourn ment providing it was for eight days, as it would be very inconvenient for either him or his client to attend before that date, The Magistrate adjourned the hearing of the case for eight days. His Excellency the Administra or in Council, under the powers conferred upon him uuder the Goldfields Act, 50 Victoria, No. 18, directs it to be noti fied, l'o«* general information :—a. That a general exemption from the labour conditions now in force of the Kimber ley and Pilbaria Goldfields is hereby granted on all claims, protection areas, and leases registered on or before the 15th November, from the 1st December 1889, to the 31st May, 1890.—b. That at the expiration of the above exemption all the holdings affected thereby shall be entitled to the fuU tenoned of ailtha privileges of the Goldfields Regulations then in force, in the same manner as if they were new holdiuga dated from the let June next. A large carpet snake, measuring 12 feet, was killed by a young man named Trevv near the Sand Springs, about 15 miles from this town on Sunday last. The following persons have been gazetted as members of the Beverley Roads Board:—Messrs. John -Seabrook (Chairman), W. A. Robinson, W.Smith, Thos. Edwards, John Sewell, Bevan Itmnersley, Samuel Williams. A cablegram received during the Week by one of our leading mercantile firms, announced that sandalwood had fallen £2 per ton. There is no likeli hood at present of an improvement in the market. We understand that the Government Geologist, Mr. H. P. Woodward, will shortly proceed to Southern Cross for "the purpose of selecting a suitable spot to sink for water with the boring ma chine. Several, deaths through drowning have occurred in the Perth waters du ring the week, and last evening we re ceived intelligence to the effect that the only son of Mr. Alpin Thomson had met with his death in a similar manner at Olaremont. We are informed by the Secretary of the York Jockey Club (Mr. Chas. Hor ley) that in answer to a letter sent by the Club to Mr. James Roe, of Perth, that gentleman has consented to act as Handicappei* at the forthcoming races to be held in this town. Yesterday morning a cricket match between a local eleven and a team of Northerners was commenced on the Recreation Ground in this towD. The game starled about eleven o'clock, and at the close of the day one innings on each side had been played. The York eleven scored 174 runs, while the Nor therners were dismissed for a total of ■fij. Play will be resumed this morning. We will furnish our readers with a de tailed account of both days' play in our nrvt issue. , The attacks of ague and fever from which European residents in the East j 60 often suffer are ascribed by the Chi nese to the malign influence of four de mons. The fiends take possession of the patient; and one fans the sufferer j till he enters the cold stage, when num f'bertwo blows upon him until the hot etago is reached. Demon number three pierces his head with a sharp instru ment, causing severe headache; while j the soreness in the bones and the getae 1 ral feeling of illness and discomfort arise from the fourth demon pounding -and thumping his victim. Says a Perth contemporary-The most disheartening news has been re ceived from Southern Cross with regard to the operations of the Government borer. It is stated that the borer has passed through the quartz and slate in which it was worked, and has struck granite. If this story be true it means ■*hat the money spent upon the present bore has been thrown away. We are not able to say whether the information received by the Government supports it or not, but it would be a* well to have something explicit upon the subject at once. If the borer has struck the bed rock, only one of two alternatives re main, either that the Government should shift it to another and a more suitable locality, or altogether give up the hope of obtaining fresh water. We have become so accustomed to hear of fresh feats of energy and endu rance on the part of that truly marvel lous veteran, Gladstone, that we have almost ceased to wonder at his pheno menal vigor and youthfulness, and are inclined to accept every new evidence of his extraordinary physical and men tal activity as a matter of course. The mere announcement that the Liberal leader has resumed' tree-felling'J within three months of his 80th birthday will probably surprise nobody j but it is still a little astonishing to learn that the ex Premier, a few weeks ago, positively devoted three consecutive hours to the "R'duous lab or-of'Tutting down a huge oak, and on the completion of his work walked gaily home without feeling in the slightest degree exhausted by his severe aud protracted task. How many of our modern young men, despite ail the facilities for physical trainingafford ed at the present day, could compete with the octogenarian statesman in wielding the woodman's axe? 