? MR COWIK, J.l'., of Fitssrny, is the oldest magistrate in the colony. He is 84 years of age. JILT WILLI AH HUE has been appointed mining inspector at Broken Hill. The name will constitute a "standing warning to the meek-eyed investing public. KUWIN ARNOLD is tutoring two Japanese girls in Tokio. This is the native quarter, aud foreigners are notaliowed to reside there unless they are ill the position of servauts. Js a correspondence running in the Sydney ™,icrp about Morgan, the bushranger, it is asserted tbfit Power, the associated outlaw, resides at present a1 Oakleigh, near Melbourne. " TISJOTHEUS," of the Argun, Bays Mr. Speight is a " magnetic man." He has the faculty of drawing things towards him. We liave noticed this —especially in the matter of his salary. TIIE Chancellor of the Exchequer stated in the British Parliament lately that the greatest portion of the duty on gold plate is paid on wedding rings. Jlr, Goschen does not consider marriage a failure. Tin: member for Gunnedah, N.S.W., who is a Salvationist and wears the Army clothing in the bouse, has moved that the proceedings of each day shall in future be opened with prayer. Another member will move that they • be closed with drink. Loi:D liOFKTOUN is beginning to make a name for himself as. a sayer of wise saws and apophthegms. Bin latest is—" l'he State cancan only keep him who keeps himself." It isn't every Governor who could afford to say this. GOVERNOR NOHMAN, of Queensland, who saw his wife and d£uinluer off to England the other day, proposes to till up his period of loneliness with a ferious study of colonial politics, He does not think the affairs of any one colony of great significance, but holds that all the colonies taken together make' a field worthy of the highest political ability. TIIK Peace Association met in Sydney last week. Tlicy are an offshoot of the English firm of Peacers. The sentiment is first class, but the men who want it. adopted all at onee have 110 hair about their mouths. Further, their leading man is named 1'udncy. And further still, one of the association going home from the meeting nearly killed a tramp rrho attempted to steal his watch. THE Rev. Dr. Parker, Congregational minister, is said to be meditating a visit to Australia. This ia the clergyman who made a certain sensation some time ago by preaching to workmen during their dinner hour, and allowing them to smoke and eat u tile they listened. This must have been a boon to the workmen—especially in _ wet weather. Shelter is worth a sermon at such times. THE proposal made by Mr. Theodore Napier at the lute meeting of the Caledoniau Society that the anniversary of tile Rattle of Bannockburn should bo publicly celebrated in Melbourne was-we are sorry to say in the interests of practical joking— negatived. The annual commemoration of the liittle of the Boyne is badly in want of some other antiquated absurdity to keep it in countenance. CAI-TAIN JACKSON IURIIY is bringing out a book on Australia. He is at present in Sydney, but the manuscript of his book is in London. The veteran elioald be able to tell some thrilling tales, as be has been up and down through Australia this last sixty-one years. As a lecturer he was but a partial tusecss, but as a conversational raconteur he was oftcu amusing. A large portion of his book will be devoted to gossipv descriptions of the habits and antecedents of the nublic public men of Victoria and New South Wales. LAWYER HKYDON strikes out at the PrinceAlfred Hospital in Sydney. Patients come to there from all parts of Australia. The current belief is that care and science work hand in hand in the instituion. But there are private patients aud public aticnts, and Mr. Ueydon argues that three deaths kink that paupers are experimented upon. He -ertainly makes out a case the Hospital authorities liould reply to. A public institution should have character just as a private person has, and if any ledieal man hid three accidents from chloroform n four v.eeks he would be considered to be at east uufortunate. What makes such charges as hose mutters of public concern iB that at the inucsts ou "hospital accidents' the only vital evidence s that of the medical men, and these to a man all wear tlicy are the fault of the dead person. MICHAEL CAIIILL, M.D., of San Francisco, is a cntkman who appears to have the interests of ustralia at heart, and has given some valuable dvice in & letter to Mr. Deakin, the Chief Secre- V, concerning droughts and how to treat them —Mr r. r.t,ill_B0V8 Cahill—says that " hieh-eoanng birds ,e power.by'piercing the clouds to pndnce 1,1 in this country, JJ'® warty neck-—i^the lserable- looking wretch with a warty neck—in inu oological Gardens, but we seem to be out ei rifling lillius, uuless inilpu Mr. Cahill nnhill refers to what is known _ » " the straight griffin," which iB usually brought ut shortly before Cup Day, and is almost lnariably crooked. If this is not the kind of bird Mr. ahill has in mind, we are afraid there are none in 'ictoria, unless Dr. M'Oarthy happens to have one his Inebriate Retreat at Northcote. POOR llalfright, the cabman from whose cab Sir Henry and Lady Partes were thrown, is still in the Sydney Hospital in a bad state, and his wife and family are unprovided for. It is but fair to say that Sir Henry, while being carried home, directed inquiries to be made as to what happened the cabman, has since sent his own doctor to look up his injuries, aud has, as soon as it hecamc known that Halfright had a wife and family, directed that their wants are to be supplied. The cabman appears to be only Halfright, but in this transaction Sir Henry is admitted by all right. MAYOR BDRDEIIIN is resolved to shine in the sky. He had his official duds gazetted ^ last ^ " . "geous tr'apping7'the"y . : j.1 "appear" to ,n be. Un The cloak is black, trimmed with white fur and cardinal silk. The necktie is white lace, and the other fiuerv keeps up thedisplay. The aldermen are .. J not be allowed . . to , break i , the 1 - charm _,. by 1... sitting -lii-l in the Mayor's presence with patched pants and Garibaldi Bhirts ; they must wear full evening dress and white lace neckties, while the Town Clerk muBt wear a silk gown and white neckbands. Suburban mayors threaten to follow suit, and then the craze for millinery will start for the country, and even inspectors of nuisances and dog-poiBoners will rustle about in silk and lace. LAST Saturday a real royal Australian wedding took place. Barak, the rightful King of Melbourne, was married to a widow of his own race. Paction of tte Aborigi ifte Z h7m'** ooara ioi to enaVe m him to celebrate —.„ his nuptials „„„,; fi N o m Be about them! A — n . I ^ o T ^ r i o ^ polltax should be ^ foreign potentates, in the interests of H I llati° kinc JLAA 8urely some right to Baron. . ,• a. u»n t> protection, MR HENRY GULLETT threw himself with enercy into the editorial work of the Sydney Daily Telegraph on the retirement of Mr. War J, with the result that improvement instead of diteriora- tion was brought about. The variety of matter was greater, the editorial comments fuller and more numerous, and the entire broadsheet looked wider and more generous. There was an idea bruited that Messrs. Ward and Gullett would start a daily rival to the Telegraph, but Mr. Gullett's proprietary rights in the paper are a stumblingblock, and on other grounds as well it is likely that Mr. Ward will bo allowed to play his own baud. If Mr. Gullett will only work up to the literary form of the old Avslralagian a most creditable Sydney journal will be the outcome. J. P. T. CAULFIELD, a Victorian contribution to the jaw of New South " " Wales, has turned ' " Treetrocar and 'i.1 is IB now nmu " hollering" hnllprinn" on that t.llH.t ticket. trader, His letters and speeches as a Protectionist are being worked up anew by him, the only material alterations being the substitution of Freetrade for Protection every here l.nrn and there. fllAVA Caulfield liaillTIP H fought fminht three or four elections in the Protectionist interest, and now he will have as many tries under 1- ree- 4 trade - J - colours. MR. BADHAM, the new licensing magistrate at Broken Hill, is son of Dr. Badham, of the Sydney University. Dr. Badham was generally taken to be the best classical scholar who ever came to Australia, and it is a fact that his commentaries on various readings in old authors are adopted b.v many European classical authors. One of the lalu Mr. Dal ley's treats for friends visiting him from other colonies was to introduce them to Di. Badham. Dalley would say, as to the preBei » « c Z T ^ " l"! 'uk"e Ba(llm'm. 0h, vou can't come to-.r S ^ T ^ S S T s * AT the demonstrate demonstration held in London last week to +„ protest against nr compensation being given to publicans, Ml". Axel GuRtafson itafson made a speech, and described how unsatisfactorily ictorily (from his point of view) the principle had worked iu Geelong. Mr. Gustafson, it may be renie •emembered, was out here on a Temperance miasiou a short time ago, He looked more like the young lady ideal of a poet than any man we have ever seen. He was tall, slender and his hair flowed gracefully upon his shoulders. His face was pale, his eyes dark, and deep, and melancholy, and MB moustache a poem. He was fond of standing at corners with his arns folded across his throbbing buzzum, and his cloak— he always appeared in a long Spanish cloak, such as conspirators wear in comic opera—drooping in graceful folds around him, and draping him like a statue. For ten minutes at a time we hove watched this stately apparition gazing into the dim vista of the future, and then stalking slowly away to pose at another street corner. His advent in Melbourne was a distinct gain to the picturesqueness of our streets, aud his departure a corresponding loss. Of course he had no more poetry in him than a poet. Poets hardly ever look as picturesque as he did. As a general thing they are thin and piteous-looking, or fat and carbuncular. Tennyson is perhaps the only living poet who looks the part, to borrow an expression from the vocabulary of the dramatic critic. A FEW weeks ago wc made a statement to the effect that a picture representing some cheerful aud healthy phase of Australian life in a bright and pleasant manner had not yet been painted. We take this back. Wc have secu the very picture. Mr. Tom Roberts was probably putting the finishing touches upon it at the time when wc made this sweeping statement. Wc should explain here, for our own sake, what we meant at the time. Briefly, then, what is the chief characteristic of Australian art * Gloom, undoubtedly. Look at a gallery of Australian pictures and what do you sec? Representations of bush-fires, bush- funerals, bushmen sick or dying, and bush-scenes of various other kinds, but all stamped with the stamp of melancholy and weary to look upon. Is this the " dominant note " of life under these blue Australian skies ? We think not, but our painters would make it appear so. Judging by their pictures, a stranger would conclude that life in Australia was hardly worth living and that the inhabitants of the country recognise the fact and carried themselves mournfully in accordance with it. Mr. Tom Roberts, in hispicturesomewhatunpoeticallycalled, "Shear- ing Ranis," has, besides producing a fine work of art, done a valuable service to this country in showing a characteristic Australian scene of healthy and cheerful work. It is indeed a bright and animated canvas. In the foreground a brawny shearer iB stripping the wool from a sheep. His attitude, his muscular sunburnt arms, the bend of his head and neck, even the pipe stuck in the waistband of his moleskin trousers, make up a perfect picture of the sinful but cheerful Australian shearer at work. It is a minor detail, but still worth mention, that the moleskins of the various figures are admirably realistic. You can by the comparative cleanness ofthe trousers of the old man sitting at one side of the shed looking on see that l>e is only a visitor. But you can see by his gaze of critical enjoyment that he is saying to himself, " This is what / call men's work." In the left-foreground another brawny shearer is holding a ram, just taken from the pen, which looks with an eye of sick apprehension at its comrade on the floor. A boy is passing with an arm'ul of wool. In the middle distance another boy with white teeth and the sunlight dancing in his eyes-a Kembraudtesque touch—is standing. Other shearers are at work behind the figure in the foreground, and iu the dusky corner at the far end of the shed a thirsty wool-shaver stands with a " billy" inverted over hia bearded mouth. Through the open door near by a strip of blue eky and a patch of parched paddock are seen, showing that the weather is hot as the average shearer's hereafter in and around the shed that d iy. Mr. Roberts has painted a line picture of Australian life. Let us hope that it will be the beginning of a school of the kind. MR. ALFRED G. DAWKS, who is coming forward as a song-writer, confesses to having used the pen in sundry other directions, his list of achievements including 150 poems, a dozen novelettes, travels, sketches, pamphlets and a comic,opera, as well as some fifty "song poems." His best, among those verses set to muBic, are "lbose Happy Days," " Good Night, Good Niyht," " Beneath a Ijroad Klin Tree," " Where Silver Streams," "Sing On, Dear Children," and "A Year Away." Four of these songs have been heard in Melbourne concerts, given by Mr. Armes Beaumont, Mr. C. M. J. Edwards and Mr. Tom Hergin. Mr. Dav.es' " By The Broad River," set to music by Kowalski, is now iu the London publishers' hands, aud Sir \Y. C. F. Robinson is now setting some of Mr. Dawes' verses to music. Mr. Dawes has done considerable globe trotting, slid has upon his travels made the acquaintatice of several of the crowned heads of Europe. He has avaluable collection of curios, the result, of his t 9'nrv • f mn- he weMrrt w-iin.i. rn g-. »•••• ' • , ,, ... 1 by Ih od a, . h. W. 1 N' ; c. thai M , ; rongs now l efore the public ha e been p l. -n by standard firms m hngland s a guara. tj they must io3sess intrinsic merit. 