NEWS AND NOTES. Thbee letters each are lying at this offioe for H.L.-" Surveyor " - and " Pendraqon." Yesterday, telegraphic communication with Beverley was restored at 12.45 p m. The albino Jungun was again exhibited, last evening, in Mechanics' Hall, to a large num- ber of spectators. ~* ^ At the half-yearly meeting of the share- holders of the W. A. Bank, yesterday, a dividend of 17s. 6d. per share, equivalent to 171 per cent., waa declared. This is the samo dividend that was declared last year. Br yesterday's mail we learn .that maila dated Cossack, Ootober 18th, ,.Pearling Grounds, October 21st, and Derby, October 23rd, were delivered in London on November 26th-boing thirty four days in transmission between Derby and London. ' >. Fob the convenience of those wishing to foi« low the yacht race for the Crawley^Cup next Saturday afternoon, the M.R.V. special frise committee have arranged to provide a steam- er for this purpose, leaving the William street jetty at 2-15 p.m. The proceeds will be devoted to the special prise fund. A cobbespondent, writing from London under date 6th nit., informs us that the jarrah blocks used in repairing the London streets, aro highly approved of.and adds that a considérante demand will probably be created for jarrah for this purpose, and that large orders are now being sent oat to the colony. - ' rt * ' Majob Pilkington, as we have notified, will ^be present ^at the .parade ef the Metropoliten Rifles to be held this evening. The parade will not be for tkVpurpeee of au inspection, but Major Pilkington intends to avail himself of the first opportunity that has offered of making himself'known, personally, as Commandant to the Metropolitan Rifles. It is to be hoped that the muster will be a good one. Vebt much regret, says .the European Mail, London,is fell here in sundi y business circles oonneoted with the grain trade that Aus- tralia should have a contracted wheat-pro- ducing area. There are very many solid reasons why the colonies woeld, dowell te pluck up courage and go ta.MjoiSeghly to develop an expansivo grain "trade with the Mother Country. It is certainly rather signi- ficant that, whereas on November!*, 1888, the wheat on passage to the United Kingdom was 3,255,000 quarters, it was on November 1 last only 1,430,500 quarters, and', to these rednoed supplies Australia contributes prac- tically nothing. ' ¡ ¡;( ' ' \- , ¡ t" We have received the third number 'of the second volnme of the " Birds of Australia," pnblisbed by G, Stuart A Ca., of St. George'e Terrace. It contains fourteen of the beau- tiful illustrations for'which this work if deservedly esteemed. The present issue includes specimens of the Ardeidoa family, as represented in the genus Botaurus,Bjerodias and Ardea, the first including the Australian bittern, and the" two others many of-the Aus- tralian herons and egrets, some' of these latter being among the handsomest'of onr nativa birds. There' are ' also ' splendid oolored lithographs of the greatXenorbynehus Australis, the Australian Jabiru, Australia's only stork ; as well aa Australia's only crane, tbe well-known and comical Native Compan- ion oommon to all the Eastern colonies, being absent from Western Australia ' alone. Some interesting facts in the life 'and habito of this remarkable bird are placed before the reader. Yesterday morning, at the Fremantle Police Court, before Mr. R. Fairbairn, R.M., Henry Kennington was charged with using abusive language towards Thomas Lowden. . .From the evidence given it appeared that the com- plainant was called upon to assist the police in arresting a man on tbe Gth inst.', and after be had done so the defendant shouted to him Yon are a square-headed Dutchman ; you want a gold medal for that ; you had better give your name in and you will be made a policeman.but you will have to be naturalised first" More abusive language was subse- quently used, and Lowden accused the de- fendant of not being a gentleman, ari'd more like a dog. Defendant'called a,'witness named Waldron, who gave evidence' to' show that Lowden was the first to use abusive language. The Bench dismissed the case. James Woods was charged with vagrancy, and soBt to prison for three months. The prizes gained by the scholars of St. John's Sunday School, Pinjarrah, for attend- ance were presented to them last New-Year's Eve, in the Mechanics' Institute,' Pinjarrah. A large Christmas tree was erected in the ball, and upon this were hung, .the prises whioh had been collected for distribution amongst the children, and this form of enter- tainment, which was a perfect-nrfvelty to, many, was excessively plee*ing¡£to. all of ' them.- The proceedings op^M^l^fcji^arol, nicely song by tbe children; aftèrwÇioh Mr. Charles Fawcett banded the prizes^ Mrs. Henston, who distributed thom amongst the scholars. The presentation having boen conoluded, cikes and lemonade were served to all present. The singing of the National Anthem ..brought a very pleasant little entertainment( to a closo, the success of which was largely dne to the efforts of the Misses Aldereon, who were mainly instrumental in organising it. Great thanks are also doe to Mrs. Clayton Mason, Mrs. Hope, of the Bon Marche, and to Messrs. W. D. Moore A Co, of Fremantle, and also to the inhabitants of Pinjarrah, lor their contributions to the tree. According to the official meteorological re- port for the 24 hours preceding 9 a.mr yes- terday, rain fell at the undermentioned observing stations to the extent specified : Borby, '04 ; Broome, '24 ; La Grange Bay, 4}4j Ciingin,-02-, GuilillV.pl,--OS;.Berth,'pi ; Bannister, 032; BuubWry, '"'01V; Mount Barker, '02 ; and Bridgetown, '01. ' The weather was clondy at AabburtonrCarnarvon, Dongarra, Greenough, Carnamah, Newcastle, Northam. Jarrahdale, Bunbury .Vasse, Albany, Israelite Bay, and Eyre ; fine but clondy at Roobonrno, Cossaok,GèraIdton and Pinjarrah; overcast at Brosme, L i Grange Bay, North- ampton, New Norcia, Gingin, Guildford, Esperance Bay, Bridgetown, and Berkshire ; overcast and threatening at Perth, Williams, and Arthur ; cloudy and threatening at Bannister, EftJQiiuu, and B^emoiT {jay-; threatening at! York ; light raitt'-at Sionuj Barker, ; , and . generally fine at* all other observing station». The maximum temperature in shade daring tbe rame period was as follows : Derby, 98 ; Cossack, 98 ; Ashburton, 90; Carnarvon, 89^..Geraldton, 78; York, 91; Perth, 59 ; Fremantle,1 "9 ; Bunbury, 74; Albany, 72; and Esperance Bay, 109. t Ode Victoria Plains correspondent writing nndor date, .Jan. Gth sajs;- \Ye ba>e ha.,} c¡ lonç spe.} of very hot weather, tile theinoi meter one day going to 110 'lep, ni tbe shade, and 100 deg. is quite nsual. Tliuoi.'er storms have been passing to the eastward for some time. It was very threatening to-day, there being heavy thunder and a few large drops of rain. It appeared to' rain heavily a few T,.* T ÍT bm- I think *. »IU bave 2.'^?? i4 cle"9 off. A bushfire son>nS¿£7tWt0.,0?' 1f Mr^ Macpher Mr H HT ? f°r tbe «Ät«c«» wndered by JfcÄlL l*r«ar, «noh more darna.« would caunoth» £ü?' /' ,S a Pi<y that «««Pto TAÍ *** °f 8°me of tn°w careless or saaï0nof%ï!ra°n8 *î° 8tart Är« ** «* ou^om« fí? y8ar^ .^P«* » progressing ou some farms, and is finished on others. The yield.s better than for several years back Î»ïwhlTi,WLrt,toJ Wry for *. stripper, inch« Ci, P8te v6d "* W^ebing, was 22.28 Ml lo \l nüm^r 0f d**8 oa »hio» «** fell 101 ¡ the wettest months, May, 4-84 inch ' th. Á y*2 Bnd Jnne' *?» înoh °n 22 days ; whiJT ?m,"^b Wa" »member, during which no rain fell. wh^w 5? e'"b7 an ««wrtisoment else where that Mr. GUbert Parker, who is now 3n¿? th* °°,ony for litenlry Pirposes, wdldehver a lecture entitled «Short Stories MÍ5?JrLand8» in St «taorirt Hall next Monda,. mght Mf parket wm f(jr Mma SS?i, n ifMOr Tof En«li8h literature ta S^^011^' Tor°nt«. Canada, and has wen distinction as a dramatio author, and a writer of'verse. His adaptation of "Faust" waa produced in 8ydney a year and a half HSJ "£ ,t.ran for 6!*ht *«*? at Her Ma i a TJ,eatre5 an<* .>«? been playsd in Eng ^¡..?.S«T8"6* with»?«>at sneoess. An ÎÎ?I \ bU p^ys " *° ba Produced in London and Sydney simultaneously euring the pre. «tnt year. He has contributed stories and aramatio poems to the English and Ameri can magasines for some years and has .ctaeved a name as a brilliant platform speaker and leoturcr. The Borton Courier aaysof lum s «Mr. Parker's powers are very great. He bas a voice of infinite flexibility and modulation, and bia platform bearing is íí**"1«* »««> wfined. He kept the delighted attention of hu audience for two hours, oiosinf with a poem of his own entitled . The says ofWa, «J«,. « 8nch a treat was afforded SrLPkrk.,r M >eldom '.1|8 »o the lot of a Hobart audience." 