MELBOURNE NEWS. (' "' '(FROM OUR-OWW CoilBBSrOJIpENT.),, . sir 1 Monday, Evoumg. ' Fbtliidat.ion.jpiiy— Comtiicniorhtioli Day — An- ni vbrsitr jt, .'.Day — Celtteiiuial Day— lis it is variously styled — isn't, it about tlllio t iilit . our Nativh friendB,' wlio. created it, bnbuld give it a " ijropUViiianie"— has been observed to-d«ji lis a gorioral Jiolidn'y/excupt by a few huge lirilis — JanldS, ftl'Eivuti ano Co.. bblltg .ft Gp.libmliuous instance— wlib insisted upoii keeping .open, and ninkihg-boliovb to do business; wllGii' none ofl'ered. Sovoral of .our citizens hdvo, I lliink, kept 'within doors/for tlio clajr, has .been a swultoref. Hundred in tlio .sliado, liiipdred and fifty, in the sun, was Mr Eilery's rquofd at noon, but it hibat bo romdmbured tliht Mr Eilery's sliado record is Always two dtf ; three degfedS lower than that of the city, where tliero is greater radiation front walls and pavements. But jibb'Ut four o'clock tlio sun burned <1 hole in the thick bankof bush-fire smoke, tvlilcli hild palled usull day, and tho tliermometel' jumped fo be tween 160.1 eg and .170deg, and tllcro does not seem to.be the faintest prospect of any ehittljge. During a residence of some thirty-sovon ydftrh in Victoria; I. have experienced far greatefheat, but I certainly ennnot recall ti period whea- it lasted without change for so long a time.'. //Most of us/ who are unable to get away from the city,- are going about with our eyes blinking for want of sleep. ./'/ : .Tlio wife of, the poor boatman, Page/ trtio, you .wilT remember, was drowned iii/ the. Bay last week, has been missing fot some days/ and, it was fenred, had committed suicide. She has, however, regained hor home at Benumaris—aiid- appears only to have wandered about for some time distraught with her affliction. _ ; ;-;i Porcy Lewis, the | . well-known cricket wicket- keeper, vvaS brought, before the City/, Court this morning, and/remiipded until Wednesday' 'qii a charge of stealing L413, the . moiiles/ of his employer, Mr ,S/ L. Skinner, . -soiibitiri'r. Percy admits the charge, stating lie toolL'tbo./money, hoping to make it up again, . and has, been ad mitted to bail. A curious fate seems to dogg' the footstep's of Mrs Spann, whose name has been familiarised to the public previously. On Sunday morning her boot shop in Elizabeth-street was '.'broken into at nine o'clock a/ni., the padhick being, wrenched off the door, and about L50. "worth of boots and shoes stolon, the thieves also pro viding themselves with; suitable, foot/gent', and leaving . worn-out" articles in place. of /that they took/"/ Tlie safe, which has thrice /'before; with stood the' attacks, of people unlawfully desiring to ponetrate its mysteries, nguin succe.s'afully resisted the burglars. Mrs Spann's charwoman saiV one' of tlio men standing iff the sbbp '&bnr;, which was open on Sunday morning, and asked htm if Mrs Spann' was going in the future to, keep epen on Sundays. . He replied, in ' tlio negative, but stated he was there to do; some repairs by the' instructions of-the proprietress, and the woman. walked away unalarnied by this suspicious . circumstance. The robbery was afterwards discovered by the " beat constable." As intimating that his superiority; in the sword contest at the Caledonian sports, pn Saturday wns nob due to tile training of ins horse, Captain Jennings desires that it should be intimated that tlie animal he had. under him was merely lent to' him from Kirk's" Bazaar, and had only been ridden three times by liim. . He is prepared. , to "put up ".for any/further challenges made by Ross. . t , , ;' ' ' Impelled by thirst, a lad named; Micliael Quinlan, aged 16, stole a bottle of soda water, value twopence, from a restaurateur, nanied Charles Hunger. Hunger, and '.'Thirst /met to/ day in the Police Court/ and tho latter was ordor'ed to be imprisoned for a- nionth/ unless bo could find sureties for his good behavior." _ The ' sports inaugurated by . the. Australian Natives' Association' . in celebration of ' the national holiday they have' obtained were ^car ried off successfully, oil this /Frioiidljr',/ So cieties' Grounds to-day. , There was/ enlarge attendance of tlie public/ '.and despite the intenso heat, tho -events ware spiritedly, con gested. . - . : Therd. . was ; also a large gathering , of . the Children's Temperance Corps in tlie Exhibitihii. The : lads assembled at . tho. Pjiblio , Offices .find marched down Collins-street aiid via, Russell- street to the Exhibition, whero hunierpua aniuse- nionts wero provided. " ' , . , Visitors to Melbourne... elibuld see Pain's " Great Fire7 of. London " at "tlib . FrieHdly Societies' Gardens.- The 'entertainment -is a suitable .-one for this kind of weuriier, and is remarkably good, surpassing all Pain's preylbus 'efforts.' '- '' ; . ; !> A race moeiing/rnic6'!'weatHer/fpr tacshrwas hold at Oakleigh' ' ' Park' '> this".' afternoon/' "the results being as1 follows Selling' Hurdle — Fair . Saxon, 1 ; Quick/' -2 ; Slpcuhi; 3.' Six Btnrters. " ' Time— 2miri D8seo. Granville Han dicap.— Ivy, 1 ; : Rose, 2 ; Tprigbla.' : ' -Fiftle'n starters. Time— lmin lliseo; Spring "Vale Stakes (ponies).— Matana, l'j Bcndemere/ 2. Eight starters. Won easily. Time— lmiri 7sec. Galloway Selling Hurdle.— O.K., 1; Erin/;2; Doubtful Jack, 3. Four starters. Won liy ten' lengths. Time— 2min 59|sec. Trial Stakes (horses). — Royalty, 1 /Sunshine, 2 ;' The Shrine, 3\. Eight starters. Won by a length. Time — lmin 3iseo. This morning, a few minutes before 5 o'clock, a fire ocourred at the rear of No.' 22, Valiant- street, Abbotsford, owing to a kerosene lamp exploding. The building is a two-roomed wooden one, roofed in with iron. When the inmates were aroused they had barely time to escape with their lives before the whole teno- 'ment was wrappod in flames. The' alarm was 'quickly telephoned to the local brigades, but the building was doomed before they arrived on the scene. Then their "attention was directed towards the adjoining premises, which were in great danger of being razed to the ground. . A man about 44 years of age, named Thomas Jones, was found killed on the railway line near the Burnt Creek station about 11' o'clock on Sundny morning. Tho remains were in a terribly mutilated condition and scarcely recognisable. It was evident from the traces of blood that deoeased had been harried about 500 yards from the place where the train first struck him. -The clothing was: entirely torn1 of the body, which was convoyed to -Longwood. 