_e' Oi(ipgsuib ýimts. FRIDAY, JANUARY 24, 1890. Foa all true lovers of athletic sports it is a. disheartening reflection that so much ruffianism and disingenuousness should make their appearance so soon as any exhibition of rivalry between clubs or individuals is presented to the public. The prize ring and the betling ring have for scores of years past been associated - with these objectionable features, and it is now messaged from London that police supervision is likely to be entirely withdrawn from profes sional pugilism, in consequence of the disgraceful character of certain late pro ceedings over an international prize fight. But the last generation could h rilly have foreseen that almost every modern sport or game was destined to develop,- in -its -rotaries;- tleititiited ethics of thie letting'.and the fighting men s. Iwo foinght sand betted, in the days of our forefathers, as a means of liveli hIod. Cheating ;and brute, violence have now, however, . extended tlheir influences .beyond the realm of the boxing bully and the wary welsher, and the imost innocent of pastimes, having the "gate money"'taint,Cat once bring out the shady tactics which have dis honored cricket, football, and. are now threatening the irepuititiun'if Victorian cycling. Selling is race, or. half mur dering a successful opponent by a general onslaught with bludgeons, by the r.ughs of the ring, are exhibitions which are' clcuhited to disgust all decent people with club sports, or sparring matches, where such contemptible" practices are lermitt'd. One has only to look back a few years, to the old ground at Lord's, in order to perceive that the national game of cricket was 'formnerly a very dignitied proceeding. Those shirt sleeved gentlemen who participated in the pastime, with their spotless white waistcoats and fiaultless belltoppers dis playedl an aspect of decorum which might have first inspired the foreign visitor with the expressed idea that "an Englishman. takes his pleasure sadly." The very pIresence of that c sombre head-gear, than which a more inconvenient one for the occasion could i hardly be selected, lent a solemnity to the fiehl, while the stateliness, age, and rotundity of many of the {ilayers served ( to put the whole undertaking in the light-antf a _ ao i-religiaa-. oevemomnihl. Of course it is not desirable that our modern youth should practise their pastimes in so uncomfortable a fashion as this. Buit let us just for one nmo ment picture the feelings of one of these courteous, solemni, old cricket players contemplating i football conlest oam any of our suburban convincing grounds. That' spotless white waist coat would thrill with horror and heave with indignation as the conflict raged, and perchance the umpire-that almost sacred and altogether unimpeachable official, to the ancient leather-hunter- was rushed by a variegated colored mob, a and hustled nearly to death's door for maintaining his. unbiassed decision. And now, to follow the discourtesies and other eccentricities of the .football mania, we have the amateur cyclist emulating his professional fellow in those charming tricks which have made most of the sporting events of past years a theme for condemnation and scrn even anmongst people who are not over strait- laced themselves. As mat ters are progressing it is not absurdly rash to expect that even on the croquet lawn, or in the tennis court, where at present sweet simplicity hiols her own, and the pFints of the game are called over amid the whisperings of soft nothings, at some distant day the dread ful gate money principle may penetrate, and the now gentle andr strictly honorable competitors sell their trust ful backers, or settle their game disputes by a recourse to fisticuffs, and the. free remnoval of fringes and back hair. It is quite time that these serious scandals should he ban ished. from our athletic gatherings, fur if it is hopeless to exlect either the turf or thelprizs ring to be cleansed of ruffianism and dishonesty, we ought to lie able to took forward to a comning time when the manlier pastimes shall regain their old prestige for pluck, en dnrince, generosity, and honesty, which madle the nations practising them the feared and honored of the world. At the meeting of the Sale boronuh 'con el last night, Mr W. Pepper was appointed acting town clerk to the borough, during the albsence on leave of lIr (. it. Geoghe gasn, iwho has been granted a month's holi day. We were pleased to learn last night that Mr PL'eter Platt is now out of ldanger, though it will be somne time before hlie is able to get about again. The Sale Iborough band played a nice shleci n of mnasic on the market reserve on Wedlnesday ecening, in the presence of a large number of spectators." The old hridlge in Raymond-street, situ ated near the gs works, anl which hasdone duty for many years past will be taken down to-,lay, and the contractors, Mlessrs Mat tison andl \lonie, notify that all vehicular trallic will.be stopped pro . te. Accounts will be payable at thie Malfra receipt and pay office to-day for J. Shingles and the Heyfield mechanica' institute: andi at the Stratford office for J. Knipe and E. H lHalliday. There are also accounts at the Sale otfice, payable to-morrow, for J. Akeroydl, E. Butler, IV. P. Bartlett, A. Beaver, Clues and Pim, J. J. Drew, D. B. Daly. E. S. Gutteridge, H. Harrison, W. . Howard, M. Kennedy, T. Prat, IV. T. Sprod, II H. EVeood, C. IYood, Sale borough council and Sate local board of A large number of ralunable township allotments in Sale snl Rosedlale will be sub mitted to public auction at the Club Hotel, Sale, tIs- morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock, on account of Messrs David Munro and Co., Limitel. The sales will Ie conducted by Miessrs Campbell and Sons, in conjunction with lesrsn A. M'Lean and Co. The Rail way'dpartmeint has fixed Mon day, 3rd February. as the date upon which tenders must he sent in for the construction of a line of railway from the Sale station to the aeal. rThb bfficiail tno iebi.iem : ap. pears in our Government notices elsewhere. A lecture on "Coal,' illustrated with magic lantern views, will be given at the Temperance Hall this evening. by MrJls. Stirling, F.G.S., at the ordinary enceting of the Bale Iranch.of the Australian Natives' Association. The lecture will he of a most entertinioing description, and ladies and visi tors are invited to be present. Members of the branrh -are requested to meet at half. pcot sevetn, as th c lecture commences at 8 o'clock. The case of Mr Drly, police magistrate for Gippnsl nd, is being dealt with hy the Pu lic Service Board. Last night's "Standard" says:-" Mr Daly was suspended fronm his rnti s on the bench by the Minister of Jus'ice on account of certain discrepancies being found in the returns of InRnthly travel ling expenses. Mr Daly has been acquainted by the Public Service B.ard of tihe nature of the charge brought against him, and on receipt of his reply, if not deemed satisfac tory, an inquiry into the affair will be undertaken by the Commissioners." The Penal department has offered the gorernorship of the Sandhurst goal to Mr Gardner, who has filled a similar position in Sa'e fir close on three years. The gentle m i referred to has ndtified his intent:no of accepting the new appointment, which means promotion. Mr Gardner, who his made many friends here, will probably leave Sale in a few days. The tickets fir the railway excursion from Sale to Melbourne on Monday nexrt in con nestion with "the'Australiao Nataives' As sociatirn, nrty be obtained from Mr J. L. Reece, the secretlty of the Sale branch, York-street. The tickets will be available for return for twenty-one days. The tr il leaves Sale at 2) minutes to seven a.m., arriving in town about noon. The Chief Secretary Mr A. Deakin, will deliver a lecture on " Irrigation" at the Victoria Hall, Sale, to-morrow afternoon at halt-past two o'clock. Thie Mayor of Sale (Cr. J. J. Drew) will preside. After the proceedings at the hall have conc!uded. Mr Deakin will be entertained at the Club Hotel, by the members of the Sale canmer ciol association, at whose request the lecture has been arranged. A conference of all persons interested in irrigation will be held in the council chambers the same afternoon at5 o'clock. The importance of the subject will no doubt ensure a large attendance. The.Melbourne ?' Standard" sajys.-We are wholly naware as' to the gronl.ds-on which the Anustralian Natives' Association should be prevente!lfrom considering public questions of interest to Austialia; bat, as a matter of fact, whensoever they make a omovement in such direction they are jumped upon by some people, who seem to he wait. ing in reserve, prepared to drive them back into their native wilds. -We do not know why this should. be, but the attempt .to interfere with any citizen's tight to dlierss a question of general interest, is so insolently illiberal, so utterly opposed to the spirit of colonial life, and so senseless every way. that we are tempted to ask what special form of offending tihe Australian Natives' Association havre been guilty of in calling a special meeting to consider the confedera tion of the states of their natire land. To sneer at love of country is always the characteristic of an ignoble and illiberal mind, which may be assumed to be itself in capable of being moved by a sentiment that has been ever considered not only elevating but sacred ; and to sneer at the Australian native's love of his country is especially stupid, seeing that those of us who have come hither from far distant lands very candilily admit thit it is a goodly land o beyond all other:, and that it It is treated us well. There are, unhappily, thousands of people among is who, having bhen brought I up in the traditional and antiquated schools of old world political thought, are utterly incapable of bringing themselves to look in an unbiassed way at-the questions that are arising in these new lands, and unless they ( can find precedent for every thing they are unable to move a step. Of course. they are being forced forward by the fresh and 1 vigorousspirit of Australian life, but if they could lie polluaxed right off it would be the blessedest relief that these young countries could have. The Public Health Board was completed b yesterday by the election of Mr Frederick r William Drevermann. of B rirnsdale, as re- I presentative if the Eastern Shires Group. and Mr William Anderson, of Dean, near Creswick, formerly member of the Assem- t bly for the Creswick electorate, to represent I the Western Shires Group. The public -Service Boarit"nave-rormany nomtnatert Mr t Topp as Presidlent of the Public Health Board. It is probable lie will assume his duties before the end of the month. The friends of Mr Samuel Skeels, of Coolungoolun, will regret to hear of his I death, which took place yesterday some what suddenly, at the Gippslond Hospital. Deceased had been laid up for a few days suffering from rheumatic fever, which de veloped into erysipelas, and yesterd ty morn. ing he asked to be Irought into the hospi- 1 tal, which was accordingly done, but he died an hour or two after admission. Sir Skeels was for many years engaged in the livery stabloe uisiness in Sale, and was at one time lessee of the Cricket Club, now known as the Sale Hotel. Latterly he re- t sided at Coolungoolun, where he made a speciality of poultry farming He was for f some years a member of the Rosedale shire c council. A box has been placed on the gate enter ing the Prospect reserve, and visitors to the t heach are asked to compl).with the dire- I lions written thereon. All coins dropied I into it are for the benefit of the Gippslen-l Hospital. Mr J. Ferguson, who has been carrying on a a genesal store at Stratford for several years p at has, we are informed, sold his Iusiness asd intends leaving for Mlelrbourne. Mr Ferguson, whto is a councillor in the Avon shire, and presiderntoftheStratfordl Progress Asscciation, has taken a very active interest in lIrcal affair.s, and will no doult ie muich missed when he takes his departure from tile town. The bushfire, whielh we mentioned last 1 issue was rnging in thie vicinity of Lorgf,,rd on Tuesday. did a considerable amount of damage. Mr II. Brrewer had a narr.sw escape of beinri burnt out of house and home. which wasonly prevented by the uritiring efforts of a niumbatr of re-ilents ii the Iocal'ty. Messrs Trimb!e, J. C. Smith, asd G. Taylor suffered by thire loss of fencing and grass, and the fire also swept through Mrs Bailey's paddock. Altogether about a mile of fencing was !ldestroyed, to sray nothing of the imm-nse quantity of grass which was coonsumer on the- various selections andt adjoinirg land?. We hear that a fire ani the Nambrok estae has rccurred with very damaging effect to fencing andl grass. We are glad to hear that Mr IV. B. Smyth, a fornier popular resirleit of Sile, intends to again settle down here, having accepted an nppointment in Mr J. A. M'Mullen's drapery establishment. On Wednesday evening the dlelegates fromnt the other colonies who are attendrling the Australian Natives' Confeence ot Federa tior were entertainedl at dinner in Menzies' Hotel by the board of dlirectors of thie Vic toria branoches of the association. The single toast of thie evening was that of the "Vic torian Brard," which was eouoled with the name of Mr G. H. W ise. its vice-presidcsit. This was proposed ry Sir Johl C. Bray, and seconded by Mr B. B. Nicrll (New South Waleo). Mr Wise, in respoundliug, said it afforded'the members of the Victorian board very great pleasure to receive the delegates, and they strongly appreciated the honour which had been done the colony in mking it the place of meeting for the conference. This evening the delegates fromn the other colonies will entertain the members of the Victorian board at dinner. Tire ladies and gentlemen rwho vi-ited tihe Cippsland Lrakes last week under thie leader shipof Mr A.. W. Howitt. F.G.S., riet on Monday afternron's t'Bella Vista, P'arlia minrt Place, in ornler to entertain that gentleman at a luncheon anl pretent hint withr a token of tllhir appreciation of the pleasant time spent under h:s guidance. After luncheon, (says the "Standard"l) Mr Wilshire, M.LA., of Sydney, proposed thr toast of " Our Leader," which w.rs drunk with musical honours. Mr A. Simson, of Launcastotn, read a short- alddress, and Mr Howitt suitably respondea.-The tabitbFr "The Ladies of Our Party," was hIonnared stie ijstan· h"urdMr J.Wa W leook, -e-Bis bane, Mr Peele, of Adelaide, replying ob their belhalf. The presentation took the form of an instantaneous camera. The suarvey of the Yarram to Yinnsr rail war line has been completed, and, soya the " Chronicle," Mri Lunt will lift his easap for Welshpool, where a connecting line Ibe tween thie station and the port will be run. The mining commission have deeied to Svih Ounse.a sbroks eit .a.sbe-.er - Mfr A. Inrr's, M.P.. as re?-iveed the f.l •wag eletter,-nder daste:16Jr.January, from toisdeair'ment of Cemrlo n ads and Strvey: -Sir.,-- sa , reosIenco ut . your fregop't for oerriowg on tlh Mauri y husiness in Gipps. land renlr.d neceosary by the retirement of Mr Thnmp'ni." I t.h to inform yon that Mr Brece Pill. for the ,resent, perform the duties lately perfomod by Mr'Thompson, as r?gardl the Sale division of the district, that Mr H.rtung, the reently appointed assistant vurveyor, has been instrueted to proceed to Mloondlarra to make a preliminary survey of the country betweenthat and BLw RBa- with the view to dotermining how far it can be made available for agricultural settlement and to attend to the requirements of that locality: and that It is int-nded to send another aneistat into east Gippsland. I am qlit, sore th.t when these gentrlmen harn acquire I n.-me knnwledoe of thb-r several di". tolet., and have settled down to their duties, Gipp'a?id will he bett-r served with respect ta srvwey t' a hie hitherto been the care. A. Br..LcK. The Stle H ,tel. a two at ,rey brick buill ing in Roymont.-treet, narrowly escaped total destrnetion by fire on Wedtnesday morning last. At about three o'clock two employees in The Gippaland Times were about to lense the office when they observel the lower portion of the building apparently in flames. They immediately ran across taking a bucket of water with them, and on arriving at the spot they f ontl Mr C. (liven had just succeeded in bursting op-n the Iar door. Easy necxes was obtained to the fl lmes and two or three neckets of water were sufficient to extinguish them. In the meantime the fire hell rang and the members of the brigade turned out promptly, hnt their servi.:cs f.ortunately were not re. quired. The fire appeared to have broken out in the lining just above the gas meter, which is ritnated at the corner of the bar room. The floor to. all appearances did not ignite first. anld it is a very difficult matter indeed to form a conclusion as to how the fire was started. nits Curtain, who is in charge of thebhotel, had all the lights turned out at half-past eleven o'clock the previous night, but the meter was not turned off. Mr Rest, the licensee. informs us that he is uninsured, and that he: antll have been a heavy loser by the fire had the place:been burnt down. - When the door was burst open, the fire was rapidly making its way to the eel ing, and had it done so the con sequences might have been very serious in deed, as soome ofthb' innatoe'ol the house were asleep upstairs in the room above the bar. The attendance at the Sale corporation baths on Wednesday reached the large total of 204. Only once, since they iwere opened, has this number been exceeded, and that was on Bxing.lay. _ No.douhLthe attend- ( ance wonhl have been :crylarge on Tuieaday if the bathe had- been i;pened all day, but through some of the machinery at the works going wong they were not refilled unt:1 4 a.m. on Wednesday. Besides a number of people being inconvenienced the council were the losers to the extent of 30s or £2. MIsors M'Culloch, M.LC., and Groom, M.LA., waited upon the Minister of Rail ways on Wednesday, and asked that the same price should be paid by the Itailw'ty t department for the coal produced by the a Moe Coal Company at Warragul as would t be paid for Newcastle coal delivered at the a same place. The effect would be to raise t the price of the Moe coal 5s. Id. per ton. It o was urged that the local coal was as good as the imported for railway purposes. Mr I Gillies promised to bring the request of the 1 deputation under the notice of the Railway Commissioners, who would, lie had no { doubt, give the coal a fair trial. The de putation further asked that the royalty of r 2 per cent. paid to the Crown on the value of coal produced should be abolished. iMr Gillies agreed that this should be done, but a pointed out that an alteration in the law f would be required to effect it. He wou'd a propose the alteration at the first oppor- r tnniy. Last night's "Herald " gives particulars of an outrage similar to the Panmure outrage. A man outraged a young girl at Greta and then cut her-throat--He afterwards cut his own throat and died from the effects of his injuries. At tihe Sale police court on Wrednesday, before Messres Little and Johnstone, J's.P.. a woman named Rose Hood was charged t with being drunk soand disorderly in a public place at Sale the previous day. She pro- t mised, if dl-alt with leniently, to leave the 1 town, aid Ihe bench mulcted her in the sunm of 10n, or three lays' imprisonmeut. A 1 friend came forward and undertook to take charge or her. At the same court. yester- a day, before 'Messrs Johnstone and Mackin tosh, s.lP.. Henry Wehb bied Charles Given a for £5 19s 8d1, goods sold aod delivered. t There was no appearance of defendant, and the heicn mane an-order tor-The amount, I with 5s costs. t According to an " Argus" ca'-legram from London, Captain C. Adey, the commander of the Orient Company's R M.S. Iheria, has been removedl from .that position in conse quence of the Kavanagh incident. His suc cessor is Captain Walddilove. Captain Adley was commander of the R.M.S. Iberia upon her last visit to Australia. The circumstance referred to was that of the burial at sea of a Roman Catholic priest, Father Kavanagh. The deceased died just before the Iberia arrived at Adelaide, and his remains were consigned to the deep, the bnrial service being conducted by a Roman Catlolic clergy- . man, also a passenger on board. Representa tions that Father Kavanagh's remains should have been landed at Adelaide were made to Card'nal Moran after the Iberia arrived at t Sydney, and some comment to that effect also appeared in print, enmanating from one or other of the passengers. The directors of ' the Orient Company appear to have viewed the matter in the same light, and hbare therefore removed Captain Adey. Captaino Waddilove;whrsauceJTijtrilgr-tomiiiait?bf the Iheria, was out hereabout 12 months ago in command oftheLiguria. Heis anexperi eanced and popular commander in the com pany's service. Extraordlinary damage hls been eaused bh rust in this sea9on's wh.-at crop in Victoris, aol un'ortunately both South Australia and New South \Vales are heavy sufferers from the same cause. It is estimitet thah in South :Australia the' Inie to the farmers amounts toit least £1.000.000. in Victoria between £500.000 andl £600.000. and in New South l1a'e ii'dalv f?300,000. The subject sei.s conside1 of iue?i vast import ance that dluring the sittings of the Austra Is;san Association for th Advancemeat of Science a meeting of seentisb from the three colonies wan held andl the. desiralility of holding a conference on the suhject later on in the year was .di.cosed.. Ultimately it was ldeciled to leave any futura'tiati to hie taken in the hands of the South Austra lion representtiCves. " The Minister of Lulis has alsoseen the necessity of taking some action, and he has accerdiogly re questlel the-seetary ofthle-Anstratlasian Association to furnish him with the nam.s of two experts from each "co'ony, one being a scientific and the other a practicol farmer, who wou!d ihe willing to attend a conference to te held in M 31lOnrne as early as possible for the purpose of eonsilering the steps necessary to be taken to combat the ravages cansedl by rust and other pests in the wheat fi lt. It is reported in an "Argus" cablegram from .ondon that the Royal assent will be given to the Divorce Bill introduced into the Victorian Legislatirve Ae?nmbly by Mr IV. Shiels, and prsnel by both Honses of Parlia ment. It is thought that Sir Alfred Stephen's Bill, which a has beencarried through the New South WVales Legislature, will probably have tbohe menledl. so that the poriod of domi cile (two yrarn) sh.ll be the same as in Mr Shiels's Bill (three years). - A proqject is now on foot (says the "Ad vertiser") to establish it ?,airnsdal, with branches at Sale,. Maffra and Stratford, a Fresh Food. Butter, Fish, Ice, Frozen Storage and Manufacturing Company, with a capital of £30, in3,000 in30,00 sharea of £1 each. An advertisement appears elsewhere, re questing the members of the North Gipps land airicultural aociety to attend the Vjic toria Hall to-nmoorow afternoon, in order to hear Mr Alfred Deakin's lecture on " Irriga tion." . The cutter "Annie Louise' arrived at the Sale conal from ('uninghame, with a consignment of timber for the Gippsland Hardware Co., on Wednesday evening. Mr T. BR- Molphy, Raymood-strest, has some of thOfinest potatoes at his establiqlh-. ment we have ever seen. They were grown by Mr M. La? y, of Briagolong.. .. The Sale borough herldsman has im poundled a fock- of 100 sheep, which have been running on the common for a day or two. If they are hot claimed and eapenoe paidl, they will be sold in the nasal way. Feilchenfeld Bros., have the largest and best selected gentlemen's outfitting estab lishment in Sale. All good are new, fresh, and faultless, and are sold now at Sale Sprices--[ADn.] 