The Land Question. (From the MuswulU rook Chronicle.) , The land question in tlio majority : of countries, is the greatest political problem, of onr t.imo. The lending thinkers of every nation liavo endea vored to solve it, but so complicated has it hecoini- on ncrpnnt of embracing Doworful nnd onflictincr interests. which, with thn Inpsu of time, lmvo grown almost impregnable, that its ad justmant would appear to bo not yet attainable, notwithstanding the eflorts ?which hara'from tin.o to time been put forth by philanthropists and statesmen The earth is undoubtedly the heri tage of innn, nnd belongs to the whole of tho genus homo, and not to nny par ticular section of it, and although it is not necessary in .the, upholding of this principle, that cvory person shou'd bo the actual' possessor of a piece of land, it is imperativn that legislation should be so regulated that the profits of the source of nearly all iiihii's require incuts can be utilised for the benefit of all. ; „ It would apponr upon enquiry, that this desirable state of things only ex isted amongst the first inhabitants of t.he earth, for ns tho writer of a very interesting article in the Jewish Herald points, out, iti referring to Lincl Nationalisation, '? that what with us is a theory, was a practice with our foro fathers,' nnci that the institution of the Jubilee year by Moses practically achiovfd what . -the hind nationalists aim at. ' Considering tho tirno and . the people for whom the law was made, tha writer goes on to say, Moses' system was a perfect on. , By the Jubilee year ho prevented any family from remaining for generations in ahj ct poverty ; for in every fiftieth year the land reverted back to its (riginal owner.' To show, however, thao tho arrangement was justly car ried out, certain exemptions existed, and the writer instanced draws atten tion to the writings of Josephus, who, in 'Tho Antiquities of the Jews,' says: 'This' year, (i.e. the fiftieth or Jubilee) also restores the land to its former^ possessors, in tho manner fol lowing : When tho Jubilee ia come, which name denotes liberty, ho that sold thn land aiuK ho that bought it meet together, and' malco an estimate on one hand of tho fruits gathered , rind on the other hand of the exponses laid out' upon it. If this fruits gathered come to moro than the oxporises laid out, he that sold it takes tho land again; hut if tho expenses prove more than tho fruita, the present possessor receives of the former owner the dif ference that was wanting, and leaves the land to him ; find if the fruits re-' ?ceived and the expenses laid out prove oqual to one another, the- present pos sessor, relinquishes it to tho former ?owner. Moses would have the samp 1 la* obtain' as to thoso houses also which were sold in villages, but he made a diffL-rout law for such as were sold In a city, for if lie that sold it, slendered-' the purchaser his 'money 'within a year, he was forced to restore ?it ; but in caso a whole year had inter -weasd, tho purchaser was to ? enjoy ?what he had bought.' A careful perusal of tho article we are quoting from will show that justice -between man; and -man was a prnmi -jient feature of the Mos lie lane! la-v, and Sacred -Writings prove this in JLevir. xxv. 15V where we. find it laid 4owtt-that '? according -to- tho number of years after the Jubilee thoti shalt .buy of thy' j'K-ighhour, and according unto t.lu number of years of the fruits he shall sell niito thce.' It is stated that after tho Babylonian captivity the Jubilee y^-ar custom fell Into desuetude, and we know that ipriyate . property in land has in .modern times gradually been making headway, until in many countries it has come to be. looked upon as a posi tive evil. 'V .' ' ? : Throughout the world the struggle for existence) by the masses is keen, und ^gradually ? gutting fiercer. Man Ins nokonly to earn his bread by the. sweat of his bro-.vy :but in many in stances finds if dillicultrto jobtain sus-' temiiuol? }-y-mty. physical sacrifice. As: u consequence,: discontent: is: rampant, nnd fiu&j-vuut; in the -establishment .of. Socialistic,- Nihilistic, nnd'Oommunisfcic societies, or similar organisations, hav ing ostensibly... for., their object the amelioration -;f the 'condition of the. toilers uf,-.(,hq i ?.human family,- and-an cqualix.-iiiciii of the fruits which mother -iart.1i/bttstciwe.- Laud monopoly, say the modern reformers, is the causo of -ivery social ill, and will have to-be ombatted'and romoved. Hence it is that thinkers of the Henry George stamp. have propounded the theory of Land -Nationalization as a panacea for maiW mata'tol troubles, and although the doctriiie has much to recommend it, the opposition, to, its, acceptance is naturally bo pqwerful, that according to ptjeseut apptarancps, a century must elapse' btifoi:o the. abolition; of: privato ownership' in' land, wiil take place in any .country. ( The acquiring instinct has jbuoii iulioriteci; and developed ? by by fdiisfom jj-'p'osmessoi 3 . of: landed. pro-; porty or wealth, enjoy extraoidinary powers in tho ' nineteenth'- century ; vested interests will for many a day bo an insurmountable' obstacle to re form, and owners of estates, large or Hinall, will \vith difficulty bo induced to surrender the 'absolute rijjht) of pos session, to the Government of ruling power of their '-' particular dountry, nloeib they woliUlrecuivo :a qiiiil pro q'M) for the transfer,- arid- be told that the change would greatly contribute to the welfsro of millions of their fellow-beings. On the other hand, thoro are huh dreds^of thousands of porsoris— some of them tlin loading thinkers of our age— who aubscribu to tho .doctrine of Laud Nationalisation,, and the number of thoso who accept thu theory is increas ing daily. Still, we vauuot closo our eyes to tho fact' that the dusiru to be. | come possessed of land is ono of the strongest of human instincts. Ac 'count8'r'ceci'vcd a^ew.niontbs ngo fronv America informed us that land thiwyn open for selection in one of the States attracted thousands, ami that , Wood sin d had been caused in the struggle for possession. We know that Aus tr.tlinns arc to a great extent similarly influenced, and with such antagonistic forces as wo have cited at work, the question naturally arises — How will the mighty problem be solved ? Land monopoly is admitted to bo an evil, but ? experience teaches that the majority of men, given tho oppor tunity, would Ins inclined to intensify rather than abate the it. It is ac cordingly plain that the world will have to undergo a gigantic moral up heaval before we shall have such ri sweeping measure of land reform ns that so ably., advocated -by Henry. George, nnd thn children of men, generally speaking, put in possession of their rightful heritage. Neverthe less, we cannot close our eyes to the significant fact that physical revolu tions- have done in dilTeror.t parts o' the globe what moral suasion founded upon reason failed to accomplish, and ivhat has happened in the past may occur again. At tho present time thero are so disturbing elements in tho socinl fabric of Europe that it may b? said to bo resting on a volcano, which at any moment may burst forth, bring ing devastation in its train, and which then may bs succeeded by a change ns bright as the vegetation which follows tho bushfire's scorching blast, On the evo of the visit of tho great American, whose name has been con stantly mentioned in all parts of Aus tralia during the past few weeks, thoughts like the foregoing will natur ally arise in tho mind when reflecting on such a subject as the one before us. At no previous period of the world's history has the land problem received so much attention. Even in Aus tralia we havo Land Nationalisation Societies, promoted and encouraged by men of learning and ability, and though few of our prominent legisla lators would dream of opposing the principle of individual possession in relation to land, they are almost unanimous in tho opinion that real estate has not heretofore contributed a fair share to the revenue of the country, and that the time has arrived in our history when a tax upon land may be considered equitable and neces sary, This is a step towards tho at tainment of .the object which tho re formers previous'y instanced have in view, and is based upon the assumption that property has its duties as well as its privileges, and that every in dividual in the community, if he be a worker, has a right to partake of the benefits derived from, land controlled by the State Thus will our statesmen begin the solution ot the complex question which is engaging the attention of the in tellect of the world. 