THE Times has published a letter from its Melbourne correspondent which criticises our borrowing policy in strong adverse terms, suggesting that there is no security that the money so borrowed will be expended on re productive works. Upon this the financial journals of London have expressed the opinion that Victoria, as a colony, is borrowing to and public opinion as represented by city financiers is reported to be adverse to the four million loan which is to be floated in January. It is natural that the metropolitan press should be very Impatient of criticism of this kind, and natural also that it should declaim upon the immensity of the resources of the colony, and the absolute- excel lence of the security offered to the British lender. It is no doubt con venient to ignore the fact that neither the resources nor the credit of the colony are called in question. The British capitalist is told that we, as a people, are showing symptoms of finan cial recklessness, and told this more over upon authority which is de serving of serious consideration. It is no answer to such au allegation that we have extensive natural re sources, at present partly, or even wholly, undeveloped; or that we have not, so far, even thought of overstrain ing our national credit. The Times correspondent boldly alleges that there is no security that the loans now or soon to be floated will be spent in reproductive works, the obvious infer ence being- that without some such security the British investor may .properly hesitate to subscribe to such loans. And the question is whether such a guarantee is forthcoming, and, generally, whether the implied impeachment of our financial prudence is a fair one. And this question must be answered by something better than a general assurance that everything is all right, or any oratorical exposition of the possibilities of our future, or any slighting criticism of the utterer of the note of warning. - The British capi talist may take for granted both our undeveloped resources and our national honesty of purpose. These are under stood as necessary conditions to national financing, but they are not the only ones. The lender of money has a perfect right to ask ,of so free a borrower as is Victoria what she proposes to do with the cash, arid to decide upori such evidence aa is available.to him whether the.pur poses stated are such as fairly justify and recommend the loan. Those who invest', in Australian securities mo doubt take care to get pretty well informed of our national policy and progress. They will be aware, for example, that our railways are com monly declared to be an asset greater in amount than all our national debt, and that,;.the millions spent and pledged to be spent in irri gation works will yield a splendid return for the investment. Thev will be aware that we propose to spend more millions in railways and to incur a further liability of twelve and perhaps twenty such millions in that direction. And they may ask, more particularly in the light of the dis closures made to Parliament on the eve of its prorogation, whether we are not in some danger of overdoing this work of railway making. They may pay little heed to the rejoinder that the extent to which we may push our rail way system is a matter for our own determination, and that we, as a people, are prepared to in all respects endorse the action of our Parliaments and our Ministers of the Grown. They may think that a cessa tion of borrowing might mean imme diately increased taxation, and that public endorsement of debts thought lessly incurred for unremunerative works might be scanty and unwilling. It is conceivable that a serious impair ment of our borrowing credit might bring about a Victorian Hegira of labor and capital, and make our un doubtedly splendid natural resources unrealisable except in some re mote future. All these possibilities are assuredly present to the British investor,-and will be plainly suggested to him by the London financial journals. We may pooh pooh them as ridiculous, and denounce them as bug-bears, but that will profit us little if the British, capitalist believes them. And there is no denying that, if our borrowing is being regarded with latent distrust in the British capital, we— that is to say our legislators and administrators—have indirectly sug gested that it ought to be so re garded. What for instance is a sagacious and clear-headed commercial man to think of the announcement to Parliament that the Treasurer of the colony had spent or rendered him self liable for over four millions of pounds over and above the authorised and calculated cost of works in pro gress, chiefly railways! What opinion would our critic form of a Railway Department which blunders enor mously and constantly in estimates of cost, and leaves out altogether the equipment of finished lines? Would it suprise him one whit to hear, as no doubt he will hear, that our railways are grievously mismanaged, that if all the accounts were fairly stated the alleged profit on their working would utterly disappear from the credit side of the ledger to reappear on- the debtor side as a deficit, or that the working expenses are steadily rising while the revenue, taken at per mile of railway open, is as steadily falling? In the face of all this it is useless to get into a temper because someone has told a few disagreeable truths, or suggested certain disagreeable possi bilities. Granting all that has been said about our revenue, and our Spartan public integrity, it. is still true that the ease with which we have borrowed our millions has been a standing temptation to extravagant expenditure and reckless administra tion, a temptation which has- in many cases been freely yielded to, and the results of which will assuredly become disagreeably manifest bye and bye. How, in the recess, is the time.to re member and act upon the lessons of the past. Before another mile of rail way is authorised the people of Vic toria should insist that the whole department, with its blundering esti mates, its confused accounts, and its general failure to meet public wants should be completely re-organised. If we do not’work this reform of our own free will it may be forced upon us as the alternative to a suspension of our national credit. The arrangements for the Governors visit to Ballarat on Wednesday next are very nearly complete. The precise time of arrival is not yet kuown,.but it will be not much before 1 p.m. The 3rd Battalion of Militia will provide a guard of honor on alighting, and the district corps of Mounted Rifles will escort the vice-regal party to Craig's hotel. A triumphal arch will be erected opposito the Mining Exchange, and it is anticipated that the State school pupils will line the street. After a short delay the distinguished visitors will proceed to lunch at the Town Hall. Owing to the somewhat late arrival time for that day will necessarily be short, hut the best use of it will be made by a drive about the city and- a trip across the lake to the gardens. In the evening his- Excellency ami party will attend a concert by the Ballarat Liedertafel at the Alfred Hall. The Governor has been asked to hold a levee at the City Hall at 10 o’clock on Thursday morning, of which further notice will be given. After that the directors of the Star of the' East Company have invited the Earl to officially start the new machinery at that mine, and will subsequently entertain him at luncheon. A promised visit will then be made to Ballarat East, w hen the mayor and Town Council uill be the entertainers. The two mayors met yesterday, and con curred in this programme. On the day of arrival the mayor and Town Council, with several Eastern residents, will be the guests of the City mayor. Should the weather prove favorable a good time may be expected for all. . As arrangements are developed iu dead they will be published daily. A special meeting of the City Council was held yesterday to exercise the corporate vote for a Western Boroughs representative on the new Board of Public Health. The vote went for the present Mayor of the City, and it was ordered that a circular letter anuouncing it besentto other voting coun cils, and inviting their support for Mr Little as represeuting'the greatest aggregate popu lation of the Western Boroughs district.- The ballot papers must be returned to the Chief Secretary oo or before 13th inst. A most important departure from the Hues trades uuiouism has hitherto travelled in Ballarat was made last night, when a Tailoresses’ Union was formed. A meeting of young women empluyed in this brunch of trade was held at the Trades’ Hall, when upwards of 100 tailoresses desirous of form ing themselves into a union assembled. A number of master tailors, who were unable to obtain admission to the meeting, mustered in front of the Trades’ Hall, anxious to hear the result of the con ference. Seyeral members of the - Trades aud Labor Council were present, amongst them being Mr T. Porter (president of the council), Mrß..Smith (ex- presideut-of the Bal larat branch of the A.M.A.), and MrJ. Shel- ; don (secretary of the Ironworkers Assistants’ Association), acting secretary of the move ment. Mr ;J. W. Marsden, an einployd of Messrs Young aud Ince, occupied the' chair, ' Addresses, in which the advantages of trades unionism were set forth in glow ing terms, were delivered by Messrs Porter, Smith, and Sheldon, and were warmly ap plauded by those present, who were evidently thoroughly in earnest. The desirability of forming .a Tailoresses’ Union in Ballarat was affirmed unanimously. Mr Marsden was then elected president and Mr Sheldon secretary, -the appointment of a committee being left over until the next meeting, The committee will be formed of a representative from each establishment wliere tailoresses are- employed. Whew the committee is formed the members will consult with Hie formation committee' of -the Trades and Labor Council as to the basis on which the anion shafl-be formed and the rules to be adopted for its government. The com mittee will be a large one, ' as there are 40 establishments, at which upwards of 400 tailoresses are employed. Letters were read at last night’s meeting frobi Messrs- Alex. Miller and Cos., of Bridge stteet,. and Messrs Gribble Bros.-, of Sturt street, stat ing that they would recognise the union aud assist-it_by every means in their power. These were'received with loud expressions of approval. The com mittee will hold its first meeting on Wedues da}' night next. We were yesterday shown a natural in the shape of a chicken,, having four feet, four wings, and five toes on each of throe of its feet, the remaining foot only having the ordinary complement. One pair of legs and one of the wings were situated iu the usual place; the others were attached to the back. The chicken was hatched from a brood of Uoudans, the property of Mr William Ellis, of Humffray street, aud lived for two hours after coming out of the shell. The improvement of Victoria Park in accordance with the prize design for its beautification has been commenced. The main avenues have been marked off, and the ground is now being ploughed ready for planting. A slight change iu the weather occurred 3'esterday, the atmosphere being much cooler than on the two preceding days. The ther mometer only registered 77 deg. in the shade yesterday, and 137 deg. in the sun. Arrangements have now been completed by the Ballarat Liedertafel for the grand concert which they give next Wednesday in honor of tile Governor’s first visit to Bal larat. The plan ' has been prepared, aud now at Sutton and Co.’s, where seats may be reserved, and are being rapidly taken up. The hall will be specially seated for the oc casion in the form of an amphitheatre,, which offers special facilities for seeing and hearing, the Governor and party occupying the centre of the hall. The committee are sparing no expense to make the effort worthy of the occasion. The following casualty cases were-treated at the Hospital yesterday:—Thomas Thomas, a lad 11 years of age, who resides at Sebas topol, incised wound of the left leg caused by a piece of timber falling upon him;. Patrick Kennedy, a resident of the Mel bourne road, dislocation of the left shoulder, caused by a fall. A 3’ouug man named James Smith, several wounds in the face, caused whilst fighting at the tram sheds. At the Ararat sports on New Year’s Day the Ballarat City Brigade team, in the event for eight men (the first prize being valued at 30 sovs, a cup, and eight .gold medals), were first, with Ararat second.. The team consisted of Messrs Lovitt, Johnson, Daw, Douglass, Parry, Christy, Aliller, and Wil liams. The second event was the four meu hose competition’,.' which was won by the Ararat, team; the City No. 2 team being second. The City team were Messrs John son, Parry, Christ3’, Daw. Iu the two men competition tiie City team, consisting of Messrs Lovitt and Williams, were first, with the Ararat team second. The Y coupling event was won b3’ the Kyneton team, who succeeded in beating the City team by one fifth of a second. The City team were Messrs Johnson, Daw, Douglass, Miller, aud Williams. An unfortunate accident hap pened to Mi-Johnson, he being struck on the chin with a' coupling, aud had to get the wound sewn up by a surgeon. In the iiy-drant race, Mr Miller, of Lhe City Bri gade, won fiist prize, and Mr Parry, of the same brigade, second prize. Messrs Lovitt aud Douglass, of Ballarat, won the Siamese race, with Messrs Daw and Miller second. Ttie members of the City team are greatly indebted to Messrs H. Clarke ami C. King for the great assistance rendered by them. In connection with the week of united prayer as observed throughout the world, speciul services will be held iu the various churches of Ballarat next week. The at tendance, of the public is desired, and each meeting will be addressed by one or other of-the ministers. Further information is given in an advertisement. Nominations for six members of committee aud two auditors for the Ballarat Miners’ Association will be received at the Trades’ Hall this eveniug.-iip to 9 p.m. The Ballarat Licensed Victuallers’ annual marine excursion will take place on the 6th of February next. The magnificent steamer Ozone, which is capable of carrying 1550 passengers, has been chartered for the occa sion. She is beautifully fitted up with all the latest improvements, and Sorrento is the port selected. Mr J. Ware, after 17 years service, haß re signed his position at the Alfred Hall. The news will be received with regret by a very large number of persons Who from time to time have had occasion to use or visit the Alfred Hall, Mr Ware took considerable interest in the building, of which he had charge, and b3 T his universal courtesy and obliging disposition, .he made a very large circle of friends. Assisted by Mr Stevenson, he for many years carried out the work of decorating the hail iu a manner that showed artistic ability of no mean order, and the general arrangements made by him for public gatherings at all times gave much satisfaction. Many will doubt less be glad to learn that Air Ware has decided to retain the secretaryship of the Ballarat Horticultural Society, which posi tion he has held for 13 years with credit to himself and with benefit to the'society. His retirement from the Alfred Hall is due to a desire to gain a little extra leisure iu view of advancing years. At the Alfred Hall Mr Ware has been succeeded by Air George Reid, of Tress streejt, Golden Point. On Thursday evening next the theatre loving portion of the Ballarat public are promised a treat, as the popular drama, “The Bells of Haselmere” will be produced. This piece is one of the reigning successes in i.ondou, aud the fact that it had a run of eight weeks at the Theatre Royal in Mel bourne showed how well it hit the popular taste in this colony. In fact, it is recognised asthebestdrrma witnessed in Melbourne since “The Silver King” was produced. Messrs Williamsou, Garner, and Alusgrove hold the Australian rights of tile play, and from them the Messrs MacMahou have purchased the right to produce it in Ballarat. The scenery is said to be the best that has yet been seen in connection with a play even in the metropolis. The full strength of the company as it appeared in Melbourne will he brought to Ballarat, so that the produc tion of the play here will be unique in completeness. “ The Bells of Haselmere” ran for six nights at Sandhurst—a most unusual thing for that city. At the City Police Court yesterday morn* ing a man, named John Irwin, who had been using bad language at Cohen's hotel aud was given in charge, was fined £1; in default, seven days’ imprisonment. One -person was dealt with on a charge of drunkeuness, and a number of debt cases were dealt with. Messrs Fitzgerald, Thomp son, Morrison, and M’Donald, J’s.P., were the presiding magistrates. The business sheet for the next meeting of the Sebastopol Council (says our correspond ent) is a lengthy one, and the 10th item thereon somewhat important from a sanitary poiut of view, viz., “ to receive and deal with the report, of the local inspector of nuisauces on the state of the closets at State, school No. 1167.” Subjoined is a cop3’ of the report:—“ The inspector of nuisances re ports that he finds the closets at State school No. 1167 in a filthy state and injurious to public health, and recommends that a sum mons be issued against the head teacher. I regard this as a flagrant breach of the health laws, and should therefore'be brought before the Court of Petty Sessions.” The head teacher of the school, whicli is situated at Sebastopol, is Mr W. T. Dimsey. The attention of the Ballarat Detachment of Mounted R-fles is directed to the uotice in our advertising columns countermanding, this afternoou’s parade. The detachment will probably be called out next Wednesday to form an escort for his Excellency the Governor. ; -- -- The prizes won by the Ballarat City Fire Brigade’s -teams at Ararat on New Year’s Day will be on view at the establishment of MrJ. T. Marsh, hatter, Sturt street, to day. A number of well-executed photographs of the late Mr. Justice Keifeid, in official robes, are uow being exhibited at the studio of Mr Chuck, Sturt street. A copy of the picture, which was taken only recently, is to be framed and hung in the chamber of the Bal larat Water Commission. We have received from Messrs Niven and Cos. some excellent specimens of cliromo • lithography; which have just been executed bv tiicflrm frum designs by Alt' E- T. Luke, They are' a distinctly new departure in colonial lithography, and the effect produced is equa? hr many respects to Christmas and New Year sards hitherto imported. Amongst the collection is a rneirmriam card allowing a representation of a cross- in white marble, at I the base of which are Ctvstefiilly entwined appropriate white flowers, the whole being thrown into prominence by* a background of silver. Messrs Sutton ana 1 Go. have token advantage of tbs new style of color work, by issuing a neat sard allowing a soldier in full uniform, iritis trumpet and banner, eo which is displayed their advertisement, Flowers and silver background complete the picture, and blend with rich effect. A handy calendar for the pocket, issued by Mr R. L. Nicholl, is abo among the number, the main- illustration-being a youthful pos tillion in graceful attitude. A- miniature view of Ills business premises and £bral de corations complete the design: Yesterday at the Town Police Court, before Messrs-Gale and King, J’s.Pi, Funny Jones was charged on remand-with threaten ing behavior towards James Slieward. It appeared' that the accused occupies a house in Ballarat East belonging, to- Slieward, aud during a dispute regarding: some trifling, matter the woman seized a bayonet, ami flourishing it over the head of-tlio unfortu nate landlord threatened “ to do for him iu the first act,” Slieward,. though descended from a race of bearded warriors, did not like the appearance of the glittering weapon,, and in order to escape coming:into contact with its point lie ivas- compelled to dauce a kind of fandango over the polished steel. One of the charges which - Slieward dodged took effect on a door, the panel of. which was penetrated by the bayonet.. Prosecutor informed the bench that lie experienced a very narrow escape,, and he felt thut.he was still in danger of assault. A quantity of female hair was, for' the defence, produced in court, hut the magisterial spectacles,, ou being passed- over the hirsute hall, disclosed the fact that Mrs Jones’ hair was of “ another color,” and therefore it could not, in the opinion of the justices, have been pulled from her head. Wlu-u the court had heard the whole of- the evidence accused was hound over in one surety of £25, mid her own recognisance in a similar amount, to keep the peace for 12; months, in default imprisonment. The orders having been complied with prisoner was discharged. Four inebriates were disposed o£ at the same court, each being fined in a small amount. A marine store license having been grunted the court adjourned. Mr Heury Dobsou,. of Buriumheet,. ivns granted a general auctioneer’s license yes terday at the City Police Court. Robert Coutts, an old man, was brought before the City magistrates 3-ester day morn ing as a .vagrant. He refused to go to the Benevolent Asylum, and the bench sentenced him to six months’ imprisonment. The agent of the Peninsular aud Oriental S. C 0.,. Mr William Little, advises- in-, tending travellers to secure their berths early, as the company’s steamers are being filled rapidly iu advance even to April next. Those of our readers who indulge in the use of the favorite weed will not regret hav ing their attention drawn to the quality of the well-known brand of Plicenix tobacco. This brand is now one of the most popular iu the market, and the sale of it is daily in creasing. Connoisseurs speak of it as being most grateful, comforting, and cheering, thus imparting to the smoker a “ soothing, pleasant feeling.” The Phoeiix brand of tobacco, both dark and aromatic, can be had from all the leading tobacconists and store keepers throughout the colony. Particulars can be obtained from our advertising, oliimns. At the Buninyong Police Court yesterday, before Mayor Wliykes, and Alessrs P. Hed rick and J. A. Wilson, J’s.P., H. Campbell proceeded against W. Anthony on a charge of using obscene language; fined 20i, and 7s 6d costs. Edwards v same, abusive language; fined 20s, and 7s 6d costs. Balilersnn v -same, assault; case dismissed. Air Maun appeared for Anthony in all three preceding cases. W. Gear v F. Cross, charge of re moving timber from a reserve, uot having a license; fined ss. . It has been reported to the police that a bright bay mare, heavy draught, of the value of £25, has been stolen from Mr Joseph Smith, farmer, Smeaton. At the Creswick Court-house on Thursday, a Chinese named Lee Lock was sentenced by Messrs Spence and Banyan, J’s.P., to three months’ imprisonment for larceny from the abode of a neighbor, known as Jiin Fy. Lee Look was also ordered two months’ imprisonment for vagrancy. The half-yearly meeting of the Smy'thes dale Band of Hope (writes our Smytliesdale correspondent) was held in the Primitive Alethodist Church, on Tuesday evening, Mr Wm Bagliu in the chair. The receipts, it appeared, amounted to £6 Oi 6d; and expen diture, £2 18s lOd; leaving a credit balance of £3 Is Sd. The following officers were elected for the ensuing six 7months:—Presi dent, Mr Henderson; vice-presidents, Alessrs W. Clarke and W. Baglin; secretary, Miss Bmldeley; treasurer, Air F. Bnglin, after whicli the meeting closed. Great interest was manifested at the sitting of the Searsdale bench on Thursday, when William Rounds, the local stationmaster (writes our Snq’tliesdale correspondent), was presented, charged with the larceny of a tin box belonging to Mary Ann Guy, containing property of the value of about £2. There were five magistrates on the bench, including Mr Thomson, P, AI., and the prosecution was conducted by Air Leonard, on behalf of the department, who briefly stated the case. Mr Finlaysou appeared for the accused, and explained that although his client had pleaded guilty there were extenuating cir cumstances associated with the case which deserved the careful consideration of the bench when passing sentence. The box, it ap peared, had arrived at Searsdale 12 months previously without a proper address, aud during the hurry and excitement of the Christmas liolidays had been taken to tho statioumaster’s house for safety, where it had unfortunately been opened by Airs Rounds, and remained there ever since. Air Finlaysou urged that the case would be fully met by a fine, and referred the bench to the Justices of the Peace Statute, 186, aud cited a n-ceut decision in support of his contention. The bench unanimously con curred in the learned counsel’s views, and fined the accused £2O, and £5 5s costs; in default, distress. Several influential resi dents of Searsdale came forward, and spoke in the highest terms of Mr Rouu.is’ ability as a stationmaster, as well as to his uniform courtesy and obliging manner on all occa sions. Much regret was expressed by those present regarding the painful and humiliat ing position the accused had placed himself iu by his unaccountable and iudiscreet con duct. At tile Searsdale Police Court on Thurs day, before Mr Thomson, P.M., and Messrs M‘Vi tty, Floivett, Webb, Christie, and Bell, J’s.P., . the following cases were dealt' with:—C. J. Clarke v W. Jude. Tho defen dant was charged with removing a lamb from complainant’s paddock and placing it with his own sheep. The coniplainaut said he missed the lamb, and found it shortly after iu the accused’s paddock. He (com plainant) at once identified it as his, and asked Jude to let it go, but he refused. A son of the complainant also said the lamb was his father’s. This case had been adjourned for the production of witnesses on behalf of the accused, but their testimony threw no light on the subject,. and the bench considering the weight of evidence against the accused, he was ordered to restore the lamb and pay 5s costs. A number of truancy cases were also dealt with* anil the offenders fined from Is to 10s. Mr George Allen, truancy inspector, prosecuted. A girl named Alvina M‘Leich was ad mitted into the Castlemaiue hospital on Tuesday suffering from, snake-bite 011 one of her arms. Prompt measures were adopted to prevent the spread of- the poison through out tile system, and she is uow out danger. The Melbourne oorrespomient of the Ararat Aibertiaer writes It’s a arue some twist in holiday time, but I ciuTtheLp relating a tale of tha tombs. A doetor in Melbourne has-bad considerable experience lately is autopsies. He says that he fiiMs these examinations—unintended by the patieats—shed a wonderful light upon the local option question. Iu the organs of the teetotallers lie is required to. examine 'he qiiqb millions of bacteria under the> micros cope all alive and kicking, b*t in those of the moderate drinkers the sama bacilli are found but dead. Please let the contending parties start their next discussion on this faat-—Which is ■ the better, to contain in, testimUly a live or a dead bacillus ?” _ The fruit gardens in this district (says the HigioHy Express) are suffering severely from the uf small flies, which alight on Use stems, of the fruit ami extract the hiice after which the trait wither and fall. off. Referring; to this matter ■ the Inglewood Advertiser’_ soys:—Some time ago we -re ported that great damage was being dose in the fruit and vegetable gardens in the neigh borhood of Mairong and along Bullock Crest* by Hie ravages of a small,ffy, and now W have again to record that this little insect pest Js still at work-in the frnit gardens. Mr Vince- of Bridgewater, informs that there are swarms of the pest in his orchard, that they are attacking the different varieties of fruit with disastrous effect, and that there is every appearance the. 7 will be the cause of a considerable falling off in the yield. The officers of the Postal Department on Thursday complained (says the Argus) that a large proportion of the-letters received for transmission to the other colonies bore only' penny postage,-instead of the necessary two penny stamp.- These letters, thongh short of postage, will, of course,, be forwarded to their destination,-but. double the ordinary postage will be charged for delivery. It was explained that letters not exceeding A oz in weight would be forwarded to any part of Victoria for Id, and that Victoria- was the only colony- that had adopted the universal penny postage system. The arrangements in connection with intercolonial letters re main the same us hitherto. A destructive bush-fire is thus reported by Argun wire from Yea on Thursday:—“A bush-fire is- raging on the Killingworth Station. It appears that the fire fii’st started oil Tuesday',.burnt about five ncres-of grass, and was then put out. Yesterday :t broke out again,.and destroyed thousands of acres. The fire has now assumed extraordinary' pro portions, and several selectors have been burnt out. To-day it is very warm, with a hot wind blowing, and the grass is high aud dry. The township people are in consider able alarm. Senior-Gbustuble Alexander did good work, and the newly-appointod con stable also worked with good results. The heat of the fire was intense. Several of the landowners had narrow escapes oft being burnt out. Much destruction of property will he sustained if the present hot weather continues. A strauge suicide is thus reported-by Age wire from Bairusdale:,—An inquest was held on Thursday, before Mr Cooper,. P.M., touching the death of-Ebenezer' Hunting, found drowned in the Mitchell River on Few’s Year Day'. Deceased was 7T years of age, and had been married for five years. He appeared to be very eccentric and irrit able. He walked away from home on Mon day, aud was not seen afterwards- till his body was hooked on Wednesday by a man named Turner,, who was fishing, and whose tackle became in- the body. In deceased’s pocket a paper was found, on which the following was written:.—“You have tried for three years.. You have driven me to hell at last, at last, at last. God pro tect my child, ami forgive you.’” A verdict was returned > f found drowned, hut the evi dence was insufficient to-show how deceased got into th'c water.. A telegram from Murchison-, dated Thurs-' day, says:—“.Michael Gorman, a man 29 years of age, expired very suddenly this afternoon from heat apoplexy. Ho was em ployed on the canal works, but knocked off work yesterday’, complaining of his head feeling bad.—Clias. Wilson, the snail who violently assaulted Constable ICiley on Box ing night, appeared on remand at the police court this morning, and was committed for trial to Echuca Criminal Sessions on the 11th of next month.—A fire, nearly attended by fatal results, occurred near here on Tues day evening, when a tent belonging to a man named Colville was totally destroy ed, with most of the contents. Colville was away from home, aud his wife when asked ns to the safety i>f her children, said they were all right, but afterwards found one of the little ones was still in the tent, - and but for the prompt action of a neighbor named Chick the child would have been burned to death, as it was already slightly injured by the burning.” The Minister of Education, Dr Pearson (says the Telegraph), expects to be able to publish the results of the “ renewed scholar ship” examinations on Monday. A pretty lawsuit is spoken of ns likely to be tried in London ere long. The plaintiff (says the 1 elegraph) is a nephew of the late Pope, and the defendant is no less a person age than Leo XIII., or, to speak by the card, the Curia. Pius, it appeurs, had ac cumulated savings to the tune of several millions of lire, which shortly before his demise were 'deposited in an English bauk, where they still remain. The nephew now claims them as private property, but the Curia say the money belongs to them, and hence the suit. Perhaps the most curious feature of the case is that the nephew has waited 12 years before preferring his claim. One of the largest iguanas which we have seen in this district for many years past (says the Ararat Advertiser) was shot at the residence of Mr H. Richmond, in Moore street, in quite a populous part of the town, on Tuesday afternoon last. The reptile measured over five feet in length. The iguana i3 believed to have been about the place for the last three years. It was cer tainly seen about three years ago, and at frequent intervals a noise was heard about the ceilings of the house, as though a huge rat was scampering about. As it is a remark ably fine specimeu it has been determined to stuff it. An Auckland telegram,, dated Thursdayi published in the Argus says:—“ J. E- Fenlon, the English cyclist, accidentally broke his collar-bone yesterday.—Alexander Tytler, the chief officer of the barque Peiu, was drowned at Gisborne yesterday.—A jockey named Edward Dodds was killed yesterday at the Greymouth races by a horse he was riding falling and rolling upon him.” A man named John Murphy, 30 years of age, living at Glenhuutly road, Elsternwick (says the Argus), was set upon aud robbed by some larrikins on Thursday night in Carlton. He was somewhat under the in fluence,of drink at the time, and was very roughly handled, receiving serious stabs about the face and head. He stated that he was robbed of £l4. His wounds were dressed at the Melbourne Hospital, and he was sent to his home in Elsternwick. The jockey Wilkins, who was injured while riding Syduey in Tattersall’s Cup in New Smith Wales, on New Year’s Day, died early next morning. A young woman named Frances Ruddle died from snake bite at Caniey Vale, New South Wales, ou Wednesday. She trod on a snake, which bit her leg, and, in spite of remedial ■ measures taken the bite proved fatal. A letter received here (says the Sydney Morning Herald) from the east coast of Africa refers to the slave trade there, and the kind of work with which the English cruisers occupy their time. The horrors of slavery are strongly depicted in the follow ing paragraph:—“ We lay at anchor between Brisk and Solomon Point. While wo were having breakfast the interpreter sighted a dhow coming round Solomou Point. As soon as blic saw us she stood out to sea again. We gave chase. As luck would have- it, we had a private dhuw’s sail, aud our boat being lighter, soon overhauled her. We fired blank cartridge.. She lowered sail. The in terpreter sprang aboard the dhow, looked down the hold, aud was horrified: to see so many (S7) slaves in such a small dhow (11 tons). He sang out to us to stand by our arms, which, vre did immediately, the Arabs themselves.being well armed, but, strange to say, they offered no resistance,. We brought her to the-depot till the ships arrived. The poor creatures were a pitiable sight; they had been, packed like sardines in a box, and had had, neither food nor- water for four days. We gave them a.box of biscuits aud a bro,liter of water, which,they devoured like sharks,” M,r Bruce Smith, Minister for Works ia, ftSvW., has received.a. communication from, the Liberty and Property Defence League, stating that the publications of the league, with which was included. Mr Smith’s w;ork* ,x Liberty and Liberalism,” have been j awarded a grand,. prise at the - Phmj. (Jni- I versal Exhibilicuiu the social economy sec tion. The Rev, Dc William Nicholson, of Hobart, aged 96, died on Thursday morning. He was the, father of the Scotch Church in Tasmania, having arrived in. IBSQ with in strnctiona from the Free Charch of Scotland to establish a church ia Hobart. For 25 years he preached continuously in Chalmers Church, and only retired completely from church work .five years ago. He leaves three sous, oue in Amcric r, one in London, and one ia Dunediu. It is understood (says a telegram from Hobart) that the Ministry has decided not to renew the agreement for the services of Colonel Legge, tlia military commandant, whose term of office has expired. 