Our Vasee Letter. (FfiOM our Correspondent.) Bdssblton. March 5. Since my last letter tbe weather has moderated a little, the nights being rather chilly at times. The rain still keeps away, however, although it has been threatening frequently. At several places farther south, it rained Tery hard a few weeks since. i regret having to report a severe loss that befell Mr. Hugh Brockman, of Beims court, the other week. In consequence of a snake-bite, he lost the fine cart entire ' Glancer.' The death of this fine animal is a severe loss, not only to Mr. Brockman but to the whole district. Snakes are unusually numerous this season. Last Sun day a very large one foumd its way into Mr. Gale's kitchen at Fairlawn, and after several ineffectual attempts to kill it it was driven out into the clear and shot as it was escaping. Another of these pests was destroyed by Mr. Thurfcle in his eornstack, last Tuesday. Bush-fires have been very numerous of late. £ hear that Mr. P. Hackett, of th* Ludlow, had a very narrow escape from be ing completely burnt out the other week. Hackett, who owns a small flock of sheep, was away looking after his flock when the fire came, fits wife was in bed at the time and unable to do anything. Fortunately Mr. G. Dawson, with his two sons, was near at hand roadmaldng, and by dint of hard work they managed to save tbe house, but I regret to state that the crop of pumpkins, together with a quantity of manure, and a lot of fencing was des troyed. Veryeirly one morning towards the latter end of last week another fire broke out in close proximity to Mr. Telver ton's nulls. The alarm was raised by Mr. Thomas, one of the employees, who hearing an unusual noise, went out and found a portion of the .landing on fire, and at once shouted for help. Fortunately assistance was soon at hand anl the flames were mastered, otherwise the amount of damage that might have been done, would perhaps bave proved most serious. As it was 6ome J&2Q worth, of damage was done to the skids and other appliances. The schooner Chittoor, laden with jarrah, sailed for Melbourne yesterday ; one pas senger — Mr. Christmas — embarking by her. The barque Victoria is now loading with hewn and round timber at Lockevil!e on account of Mr. Telverton. A rather numerous class now — the hawk ers — do not appear to have a very easy time of it down here lately. Oa the 26th Feb. two Afghans named Carem and Polhabwan, were charged by Corp. Thos. Carrol with tw« breaches of the Hawkers Act, viz., for carrying a pack on a pack-horse in place of their own backs and with neglecting to have their names upon their pack and were fined 2s. 6d. in each case with costs, and on the 28th P. C. Sutton charged another hawker, named Abdullah, with a breach of the Act in neglecting to have his name, upon his pack, and he was fined 2s.' 6d. and costs. With reference to the first-two individuals it seems that they have bean very unfortu nate, for it appears they purchased a nag for £&, not knowing that by using it they would be liable for a|breach of the Hawkers' Act, and upon their arrival at the Augusta Mills — according to their own version of the story — they were ordered off by the mana ger (upon this ?ccasion as well as upon other occasions), and that afterwards their horse b»ing found upon some part of the fee simple hind it was seized and impound ed for trespass, and a rattier high sam demanded for the same. This they refused to pay, and, being ignorant of the amount allowed by law in such cases did not tender any money, but came into Busselton and reported the matter to the Resident Magistrate, who offered to give them a note to take to the manager, inform ing him what he could legally charge for the horse, but this they refused to do, eo that in all probability the «.wim^i will short ly be sold for his keep. A farewell Ball is to be given this week at Karridale, in honor ot Mm. M. C. and Mies Davies, who are about to return to Adelaide. The Ball is expected to be a grand affair, the invitations being very numerous, our .Resident and Mrs. Xoffen and many other residents being among the number. On Monday last a huge number of people went to New Town to witness several races that had btien arranged to take place there. Th«t first event on the list was a race between Mr. G. Hogging's Squatter (L. MeDaniell) and Mr. Harwood's Smiler (AJS. Thurkle),distance half a mile. Squatter won easily. The second event was a trotting match, 1£ mi'es, betweea a bay horse belonging to Mr. G. Biggins, and Mr. J. Forrest, junr's, chestnut nag,ridden by their respective owners. Won by about a dozen lengths by the chestnut. The next race was butween Mr. G. Higgins's Squatter and a bay horse belonging to Mr. W. Ellis, distance one mile. Won by the latter. Then followed a raca all the riders in which were ladies. Four started, distance half a mile. Won by Mr. G. Higgios's Squatter, ridden by Miss Amy Larldn. There is some talk of more races tak ing place near Busseiton on Saturday next, iu which several nags will compete. At the conclusion of the New Town races to wards sunset a great many of those present retired to Mr. Bagging's homestead, where a dance was started and was kept up until daybreak. Although the stakes given at these races were not very large yet a very pleisant afternoon of genuine sport was spent. Tie iaces to take place next week at the Oapel also promise some very good sport. A cri.ket match, I hear, is to be held next day. 