L o c a I a n d G e n e r a I WE have received the following subscrip tion to the RECORD : — Mr. Thos. Ashbee, Bridgetown, 15s. THE first parade of the Volunteers of the 'Home district,' under the commandant, Major Pilkington, was held in Perth last evening. There was a very good attendance of the various corps. BUSHFIRES are the order of the day, and for the matter of that, of the night also. Look in any direction that you may, the smoke of fires is to be seen by day, and at night, the horizon is reddened by their flames. THE Victoria Public Library still retains the popularity which so soon followed upon its opening. During the year completed on the 25th instant, 13,704 persons visited the reading room. Of this number, the fair sex appropriate 1441 admissions. AT the examination for the High School Scholarships held last month, eleven candidates presented themselves. Master Hymus of Pinjarrah, obtained premier honors, closely followed by Master Murray Gardiner, of Guildford, a son of Major Gardiner, the universally respected Assistant Inspector of Schools. GREAT heat has been experienced in Perth and Fremantle during the last few days, and judging by the meteorological returns, seems to have been felt all over the colony. While we are almost gasping under oppressive heat, some of the neighbouring colonies are being literally drowned in floods of water, the result of heavy rainfalls. THE demise took place at his residence in Perth, early on Tuesday morning, of Mr. Edward Lord Barrington, an old and well-known resident of the city. The funeral took place yesterday afternoon and was followed by a large number of friends, including many members of the Perth Working Men's Institute, of which Society Mr. Barrington was a member of long standing, as well as Chairman of the Com mittee of management. WE were agreeably surprised to find that Mr. Hart has assumed the position of Editor and Manager of the Bulletin. He has special faculties which fit him for the editorial chair on the staff of a journal, devoted to the lighter side of literature. A versatile pen, ready and pungent wit, an admirable command of the mother tongue, and the power of versification united to a graceful stvle — all these are possessed by Mr. Hart, and now he has ample scope for their display. We wish the Bulletin every success under the new management. AT the parade of the Fremantle Artillery Volunteer corps, held in honor of the visit made by the Commandant, Major Pilking ton, the officers and men made their first public appearance in their new uniforms. To the many who recollect the almost severe simplicity of the dress worn by the old Naval Artillery, the new style of clothing will recommend itself at once, as the tout ensemble presented by the appointments of the corps formed a spec tacle never witnessed before in Fremantle, even during military occupation. IN another column, will be found an ad vertisement of the College conducted by Jesuit Fathers at Kew, near Melbourne. A glance at the particulars of the passes obtained by students from the seminary, at the Matriculation Examinations recently held at the Melbourne Uni versity, will realise that a substantial advance has been made upon the success last year. This year 19 pupils passed, and obtained 24 Honors, viz. 5 in French, 4 in Latin, 1 in Greek, 2 in Geometry and Trigonometry, 1 in Algebra, 2 in History, and 9 in English. The buildings are being enlarged, and the magnificent new wing will be ready for occupation on 4th February next. THE following allotment of the sum of 1,100L, voted by the Legislative Council as the "Literary, Scientific, and Agricultural. Grant" for 1890, has been notified in the Government Gazette : — S.R. Mechanics' Institute, 50L ; Albany and Roebourne ditto. 20L each ; Beverley, Bridgetown, Bunbury, Greenough, Guildford, New castle, Northam, Northampton, Pinjarrah, Williams, York ditto. 10L each ; Perth Working Men's Association, 50L ; Geraldton ditto, 20L ; Busselton and Gingin ditto, 10L each ; Busselton Weld Institute, Dongarra, Jarrahdale, and Rottnest Literary Institutes, 10L each ; Fremantle ditto, 50L ; Northam Bushman's Club, 20L ; Gascoyne Public Library, 20L ; Perth and Fremantle Museums, 50L each ; W. A. Agricultural Society, 200L ; . Albany, Beverley, Central Southern Districts, Southern Districts, Toodyay and Victoria Plains, Wellington, Nelson and Murray, York, ditto, 25L each ; Greenough Farmers' Club, 25L ; Perth Horticultural Society, 50L. The total amount alloted is 970L, leaving yet unappropriated for institutes, &c.;, 80L ; agricultural and horticultural societies, 50L. THE Palace Rink, under the management of Mr. F. Allum, who has proved himself an able entrepreneur, has been especially before the public of late, and has excited no little interest amongst the pleasure loving portion of our community. At Fremantle, a very successful season is being conducted, and on Wednesday the 22nd instant, great interest was centred in the Champion Four Hours Go-as-you please, in which representatives of the City and Port took part. T. Allen of Fremantle was made a hot favourite, and did not disappoint his supporters, beating Elliott, the Perth man, somewhat easily. The plucky manner in which young F. Allum stuck to the leader for the first hour was the subject of much conversation, and as a result, he and Allen have been matched to skate an hour at an early date. Of late, the Perth C.Y.M. Society has received some important additions to its ranks. On Thursday week, Mr. F. W. Moorhead, B.L., became a member and signalised his entry by delivering one of those lectures by which he has already established a reputation. The members can now enter upon a series of Mock Trials with more confidence, and, install ing Mr. Moorhead upon the bench as judge, be certain of obtaining thoroughly legal decisions. Last Thursday Mr. Gugeri, J.P., one of our representative Catholics, signified his intention of enter ing the society. This is as it should be, and we would like, just here, to urge all Catholic men to join the societies which are under the guidance of the Church. They will he instructed in their duties, both as regards the Church and their fellow men, and further, imbibe the principles of organization, the need of which will be better understood and the value more easily approximated in the near future. THE carrying resources of the Railway Department were again taxed by the crowds of excursionists, bound to the sports at Guildford and the races. How ever, the official management were, des pite the small rolling stock at their dis posal, able to encounter successfully, the many difficulties caused by the press of so large a crowd of travellers. The careful manner in which the train service for the day was conducted, is without doubt, due to the painstaking intelligence of the guards, guided and controlled by Mr. Hope, who had charge of the general arrangement, and Mr. Calver in Perth, and Mr. Guilfoyle at Fremantle. The Commissioner, the Hon. C. T. Mason, is to be congratulated upon the excellent manner in which the work of his depart ment was carried out. THE Administrator has approved of the following allotment of the sum of £5000, available from Public Funds, for the con struction and up-keep of roads and bridges during 1890 : — Ordinary Grants to Roads Boards — Arthur River 200L, Ashburton 200L, Beverley 75L, Blackwood 100L, Can ning 150L, Dandaragan 75L, Fremantle, 75L, Gascoyne 175L, Geraldton 200L, Green ough 100L, Irwin 100L, Kojonup 150L, Kim berley (east) 150L, ditto (west) £150, ditto Goldfields 150L, Lower Blackwood, 85L, Murray 200L, Newcastle 100L, Northam 100L, Northampton 100L, Perth 100L, Plantagenet 200L, Roebourne 100L, Swan 100L, Sussex (including special grant of 150L for repair ing road between Bunbury and Busselton) 250, Upper Gascoyne 200L, Murchison 100L, Victoria Plains 125L, Wandering 150L, Wellington (including special grant of 150L for repairing road between Bunbury and Busselton) 250L, Williams 150, York 100L. Total Roads Boards, £4,460. Grants to Municipalities. — Albany 50, Bunbury 40L, Busselton 40L, Cossack 40L, Fremantle 60L, Geraldton 50L, Guildford 40L, Newcastle, 40L, Northam 40L, Perth 60L, Roebourne 40L, York 40L— total 540L. Grand total 5,000L. 