OUR DISTRICT. A keeper for the Mount Barker pound is wanted. Macclesfield District Council expended £668 last half-year and has now a bank overdraft of £170. The erection of additions to Mr. L. von Doussa's residence at Mount Barker has been begun. Mr. W. W. Harper, mining-manager of the Broken Hill Proprietary Mine is now on a visit to Mount Barker. Lobethal cricketers beat those of Mount Pleasant on Saturday by 102 runs (Muehlberg, 27) to 40. Government decline to increase the main road grant of the Macclesfield District Council. A vacancy has been caused in the Talunga District Council by the resignation of Cr. F. Pflaum. Mr. John Dunn, J.P., jun., intends to deliver his lecture on "The Passion Play" at Mount Barker at an early date. Mrs. S. A. Pellew, of Mount Barker, has applied to bring part lots 4 and 5 of section 260, Norwood, under the Real Property Act. The annual sports in connection with the Yankalilla Mounted Rifles were held on Saturday, everything passing off successfully. The Mount Barker Company of Militia will drill on Saturday, the judging of distances being a special feature for practice. A new Rechabite tent, named "The Joy of Woodside, No. 25, F.B. of the Albert District," was opened at Woodside last week. Murray Bridge stone is to be used in the front facings of the addition to the Adelaide Museum. The building will be two stories high and will cost £10,000. John P. Vivian, farmer, of Mount Pleasant, has been committed for trial for unlawfully selling to John Dean fifteen sheep comprised in a bill of sale. Mrs. Carr, wife of the Hon. John Carr, of Blackwood, died on Saturday at the age of 68 and was buried in the Coromandel Valley Cemetery on Tuesday. The members of the Adelaide City Council will visit Happy Valley on the 20th inst. for the purpose of comparing the water-conserva- tion site with that of Barossa. The Adelaide Licensing Bench on Tuesday granted licenses to Mr. T. Broad, German Arms Hotel, Hahndorf, and Mr. A. Heise, Commercial Hotel, Strathalbyn. Dr. L. W. Bickle's new two-story residence at Mount Barker is being rapidly proceeded with by the Adelaide contractor who has the work in hand. Large scrub-fires were burning in the Hills districts on Saturday, the larger ones being those near Bridgewater, Forest Range, Bal- hannah, and Cherry Gardens. A statement having been made that Mr. D. D. Rosewarne had valued the machinery at the Bird-in-Hand mine at £20,000, the Aclare manager writes to say that he has never made any such valuation. Mount Barker flux-carters are very busy again. One local contractor has an order for 1,600 tons per month, but finds a difficulty in supplying the amount owing to scarcity of trucks. Very oppressive weather was experienced in Mount Barker on Friday and Saturday last, but on the evening of the latter day a violent duststorm was followed by welcome rain. Wardens Hamilton and Legoe, of the Marine Board, and the secretary (Mr. A. Searcy) last week made an inspection of the buoys in the River Murray between Goolwa and Wellington and found them to be considerably damaged and in need of repair. S. McBeath, of Mannum, who swam splen- didly at the recent Murray Bridge sports, has challenged Johnston, the holder of the cham- pionship, to swim 1000 yards for £25 a-side and the title of champion. The race will probably come off at Mannum next Easter. The Register's London correspondent states that Captain Angel has formed a small syndicate, with a capital of £2000, for the purpose of sinking a shaft at the Reedy Creek goldmine and bringing home from there 100 tons, with the Government stamp upon it, to be tried in London. A large bushfire swept away over 2000 acres of grass and scrub between Milang and Finniss on Thursday and Friday of last week, and on Saturday night another fire on Mr. Cowan's property, "The Pinery," destroyed about 1200 acres of feed, 40 acres of wattles, and a lot of fencing. A Mount Barker gentleman informs us that on Tuesday, while passing Blackwood in the train, a stone measuring two inches in diameter was thrown through the window into the carriage, and a serious injury was only prevented by a folded newspaper retarding the force of the blow. A revision court for the Mount Barker electoral district will be held at Strathalbyn on Tuesday, when the following names will be struck off the rolls:—Strathalbyn—John A. Brown, Mark Dandy, Hugh C. Watson, and Edward Allen; Hahndorf—William P. Stoneham and William H. Pengily; Lang- horne's Creek—Frank Potts; Woodchester— William Phillips; Hartley—Hans H. Stein. 