BUSH FIRES. Friday and Saturday were twn of the hottest days we have experienced for the summer, and their usual ccrncomitants, bush.fires, were not lacking to intensify the heat and place the property of farmers and settlers in dangers. On Saturday particularly the sun was quite obscured by the smoke of bushfires, which appeared to be burning in all quarters. Various reports were brought into town regarding the burning of property in the vicinity, but these were in the main extravagant, we are pleased to hear. The most alarming reports came from that part of the district known as Gorae, but Mounted Constable Mackezie, who visited the place yesterday, found that the damage done was not very extensive, MIessrs. Williamson and Clay being the principal sufferers, the one losing some hay and the other's orchard being injured. At Cockatoo Valley also it was stated that dalmage had been done, but we cannot hear with any degree of authority that such was the case, although there were fires in the. riciity. Some excitement was occasioned on Saturday night by a fire that appeared to be in the vicinity of Maretimo, and a number of persona went oat to render assitanceo it rrquired. On arrival it was found that the fire was burning in the forest about three miles further'en, and eventually found its way down to the coast near Taylor's, on which property some fencing was burned. 3Iessrs. S. Matheson, G. Wilson, and J. MIoMullen went down to render assistance at Taylor's. This is all we can hear that appears to be authentic, but a consider able tract of country must have been sweptby the numerous fires, and further eports of damage to fencing, &c.;, have doubtless yet to come in. During the latter part of last week several places in the Gippaland district were visited by destructive bush fires. The vicinity of Warragul appears to have suffered most severely, houses, tramways, grass, fences, stock, crops, being among the list of things destroyed. At Omeo the Golden Age Hotel was destroyed by fire and damage in other ways to a large amount is also reported. Mr. T. W. Farmer's barns, stables, implements and carriage sheds at Cera. mut were on Friday morning burned. The damage is estimated at £800. No. thing insured. Big fire at Strathdownie on Saturday Messrs. Clarke being the sufferers. They had all their grass and fences burnt. The Tribuwe tells us that more destruc tive fires were taging about the Mao arthur district on Saturday. The fire started close to Mfount Napier, crossed the Penshurst road, and entered Mr. Kerr's property and also destroyed comn. try about eight miles in width. Messrs. A. Kerr, T. Porter and D. Patman were heavy sufferers and with difficulty were the homesteads saved. D. Robertson lost t00 acres of grass and a large number of sheep were burned to death. Messrs. Cameron Bros. and Reid have lost a lot of grass at Barton Hills and a large number of sheep. SMrs. Monte' farm was swept, and then the fire travelled towards Macarthur, which place on Saturday night was surrounded by fire and the residents were removing their furniture from the dwellings. It is estimated that this fire has destroyed 30,000 acres of grass. On Satnrlay a fire near Koroit was doing a lot of damage, while another near Dankeld destroyed a lot of grass, fencing, & c. 