GENERAL NEW3. u-? Ownebb of dogs would do'well to bear in mind that all members of the canine tribe must be registered during this .month. Failieg ito. do this, owperjs are liable to prosecution. We wish to remind owners of sheep in this district that their returns must reach the Resident Magistrate not later than Wednesday, the 14th instant. A womajt namei Bm ton, who resides about 12 miles from York, has suffered f considerably during the week through bushfires- The whole of her wheat crop was burnt, while her garden and other property was greatfy dauuged. THE following is a list of the names of persons for whom unclaimed letters are lying at the York Post Office: - Mrs L Faulkner, H Parker, H Chard, James King (2), Edmund Davis, Mrs M Falk (telegram), John W Keane, John Farron, W McMullen (3), Jas Priest, JT O'Neill, BOBS (3), Sheehy (2). Wb regret to hear of the great Iobs Mr J H Monger has sustained during the week, by fire. About2,500acres of splendid bush feed have been totally destioyed, besides a quantity of fencing, at his Colyernine paddocks. It has been found pec^wary <to remove the whole of the sheep which were depastur ing in the paddocks at the time. Mr Joseph: HrcEs s&ems; to ke parti cularly unfortunate this year with re jpect to fires. Only a few weeks ago he was a heavy loser by having a large area of country burnt, while we are in formed as late as the beginning of this week he had a considerable quantity of feed destroyed by this disastrous ele ment. Mr Hicks' IOBS must be enor mous, and w*e extend to him our sym pathies, hoping at the t>ame time that daine fortune will be kind to him in the future.' Op# Roebourne correspondent wirad *8 follows yesterday:-Farwig and Page arrived yeBterday from the new find on Turner River with about one hjond.ed ouopes of gold, iucluding one nugget weighing 40ozs. They report that there are about three hundred men on the fields, few doing well. The gold is of an inferior quality, and very patchy. Bauk is giving only £2 19s. per ounce, ihe weather is exception ally cool, and there is every appearance of rain. We understand that the Northern "team of cricketers and others will be entertainel at « "Smoke Social' at the Castle, Hotel" this evening. A large number of ladies and gentlemen, including the Northern'team of ,cricketers, were entertained by Mr. and Mr*. Chas. Edwards at a dance in the Mechanics' Insti tute last evening. Mr. Kenneth Edwards was married to Miss Anirews in Melbourne on .Wednesday after noon la9t. The newly married ctxaplejleft for Liuuceston shortly after the ceremony. 