JOHN DANKS AND SON LIMITED. This firm as usual make a very good dis play with a number of interesting novelties. The centrifugal pumps are prominent, Nirmy of them being shown in action handling large quantities of water. The "monitor j pump, which is well known throughout the colonies, is shown in all sizes, suitable for hand, horse, and steam power. The semi rotary is a new pump which is used mainly by winegrowers, but it is also serviceable for ordinary force and lift purposes. A large pump of this description is shown in a tank, and is intended to be used as a lire pump with two or more men. The C pump is extremely luindy and very simple. The arrangement of valves is such that they may all be removed by unscrewing the bolts on the valve chambers and removing the I id. This pump is much used for deep wells, and for windmill use it is the favourite. The cheaper classes of iron pumps are shown in great variety, and suitable for all purposes. Spray pumps are now claiming a great ' deal of attention from viticulturalists and J fanners. A small hand arrangement, which I is capable of spraying a Jarge number ot ! vines or fruit trees, and may be used with ! either one, two, or three spraying jets, is ' shown. The iield sprayers, which will noj rtoubt interest farmers, commands attention. This arrangement is the idea and design of Mr. Pearson, the Government agricultural chemist, and lias been fitted up by John Danks and Son Limited. The spray ing arrangement is connected with a pump, driven from one of the wheels of a cart, on which is carried a tank containing the necessary solution, and consists of two long arms 20ft. long, which are fitted witli a num ber of sprayers. It will be easily seen that in spraying fields at the rate of 40ft. each journey a very large area is soon covered. The bush-fire pump is quite a handy and sightly affair. A low tank holding 200gal. is placed upon a light cart frame, the whole of which is made of iron. By an ingenious arrangement one of the wheels is con nected with a pump, sc that as the cart moves along a steady stream' of- water is delivered from the nozzle of the hose. The pump is so fixed that by simply pulling a lever the driving gear is disconnected, and ! the pu»ip can be used for filling the tank from pny stream or dam. llvtlraulic rams are shown in all sizes. These machines should be more used throughout the colony than they are at pre sent. The action is very Biruple and the wear and tear, not great Hydraulic ramB are gaining favour, find are now being used in many places where the conditions are favourable. Messrs. Danks and Son make a speciality of pulsometers. and show a good number of this class of pump, which handles large quantities of water with a comparativelysmnll consump tion of steam. The display of engines and thrashers of Messrs. llunsonies, Sims, and Jeffries make, and for which Messrs. Danks and Son are | agents, is a very good one. The compound ! traction engine shown is a magnificent piece I of workmanship, and even though of great ! weight and strength, it lias an appearance of lightness, and is of pleasing design; the great 7ft driving wheels appear to be capable of covering a good deal of ground in a short time, while the arrangements for reducing speed will, 110 doubt, give it a very great power 011 hills and in soft places. The steel wire rope 011 the winding drum is a very handy attachment, and is undoubtedly a great acquisition to engines of tliis class. The single cylinder traction engine is a com pact machine, which looks ready for any work, it is fitted with a winding drum~with fast and Blow speeds. The portable engines show all the late improvements in enlarging the cylinders, fire boxes, and boilers. Messrs. Ransomes, Sims, and Jeffries have long Uecn known as the leading firm for thrashers, and the fact that the Queen and the Prince of Wales have purchased thrashers from this firm speaks well for the quality of the work. The thrashers shown this season are light and strong, witii plenty of riddle- room, and a thorough good blast from the fanners. There is plenty of shaking surface, and the drum has a pleasing hum without jar or rattle. The bearings being upon the ball principal the shafts are not likely to cross wind. Inside a shed Messrs. Danks and Son show a good display of brass work suitable for engineers, plumbers, &c.; The Pemberthy injector claims our attention. This little marvel is capable of feeding very large boilers with water, and will no doubt soon make a great difference in the sale of boiler-feeding pumps. 