GHPERtNA STOCK REPORT. t ' ' i Deneliqttin,. Jan. 24. j Qlx&ty; and heavy rain fell on Friday night ' iast week, and in the morning nearly l|in. w» registered. The rain extended over an immense area of New South Wales, and in parts of the Queensland country it was of tropical severity. At St. George, for instance, over 13in. fell, and from other places from 5in. to 7in. were re corded last week. All the rivers are rising, the Murray having gone up to 13ft. lin. at Albury, and the Murrumbidgee to 30ft. at Wagga, the 1H44A« V.MM M AM AIIM L AAIMW 41 AMJ 'PltM URW1 UCUig aa 8LCU1UUU2IUJ ututrj UUUU iUV Lachlan aud the Darlpg are both in heavy flood at the higher stations, and fears are enter tained at Bourke that there will he more serious damage done there. Locally the Edwards river has gone up 5ft. or 6ft. during the week, and may rise a few feet more when the Albury water readies here, but no serious flood is ex pected in the lower river. To-day's registration at the Deniliquin bridge is 16ft. 4in. as com- pared with 37it. 4in. during the big flood here n 1889. The only stock crossings at the Deniliquin bridge this week were : — 42 fat cattle from Puckawidgee, and 3,000 fat ewea> from Tuppal, both Jots to Melbourne ; 3,000 ewes and wethers from "Willandra, and 2,730 mixed sheep from MungadeL KaIIi lofa 4 a Vol n ao TVa 4>maL uvi/u «vw w sjuuhvoi un vuiy 6J.uuk- ings reported this week are by Mackenzie Brothers, who sent away this morning 3.000 fat Bheep from Tuppal and 3,400 fat sheep from Mungadel, both lots to Powers, Rutherford and Co. Mr. Thies sends away next week 1 truck of fat cattle (M'Laurin Brothers) to E. Trenchard and Co. In local transactions Messrs Braim, Davidson and StevensoD, Deniliquin, Wagga Wagga and Hay, report sale of 2,090 wethers on account W. H. Watt, Howlong ; 200 2-tooths on ac count Alston and Sons, Thononga; 125 ewes on account W. J. Blake, Cockatoo Island ; and deliveryof 106 bullocks on account Thomas Dalton, Howlong. At Ceonamble 240 points of rain fell last week, making nearly four inches since the begin ning of the month. The season has therefore broken early and well and the outlook is a most satisfactory one. The following are the stock movements : — 2,000 fat ewes from Eurie sta tion to Homebush, via Rylstone. Mrs. Glass owner. J. P. F&lkoner; in charge ; another lot of 2,000 fat ewes from same place, same owner and destination, W. C. Falkoner in charge ; 9.500 wethers from Cambridge Downs to Dun- go wan station, J. V. Dowling owner, Turner in charge. At Forbes nearly two inches fell since last report and the fall extended over & large area of the Lachlan country. The weather was still unsettled when our report left. A huge amount of good has been done to the pastures, and the smouldering timber, which was a dangerous lingering result of the late bush fires, has aU been extinguished. The following are the stock passings: 7,400 mixed sheep from Hills ton to Gunning (near Goulburn.) D. Clancy, owner incharge ; 500 ewes from Wonga- jong to Crooked Creek, J. Clothier owner in i O AAA vaIIISM f«A«n J AIVMTIM 4 uuttiga | Adv ncwuwi AIUIU vwuuuuuuu w Bathurst, George Lee owner, R. Dinnes in charge ; 1,600 ewes and hoggets from Carragabal to Tarana, F. F. Gibson owner, J. Pratt in charge; 1,400 fat wethers from Tringalana to Homebush, A. F. Gibson owner, Pratt in charge. Glorious rain is reported from Cobar, and the downpour is looked upon as the sal vation of the district. All the tanks are fall to overflowing, and the earth has been fairly well saturated. The bush fires were first arrested and then extinguished by the rain, and already there is a rich spring of young feed observable. There are no stock passings reported from there. The ravages of the rabbits are causing little short of consternation among the land holders of the district, and notwithstanding the precautions against the spread of the vermin, and notwithstanding the efforts for their destruction, they seem to increase at an alarm ing rate. At Hunthawang station, near Hill- ston, over Sin. of rain_ fell during the present month, and at MoBsgiel there was nearly 4in. last week. About Ivanhoe there was over 2$ in., and all the country between the Lachlan and the Darling received a thorough soaking from last week's ram. From Memndie we learn that 830 Warrenda cattle passed last week bound for Echuea, King and Co. owners. At Wilcannia the river is again rising, the water having gone up 3ft. during the week. All the way up the Darling there has been extremely heavy rain culminating at St. George, with over 8in. last week. The river there on Mon day last was within lift, of the great flood last year, and was still rising. At Bourke over Sin. of rain fell since last week, and from all parts of the neighbouring district similar records were obtained. During the same week last year 7in. of rain fell there in three days. The river is rising fast, and the steamer traffic is again open. There are no stock passings reported from there this week. The following passings are reported from Wilcannia: — 4,000 fat wethers left Nundcra station for Adelaide, con signed to Smith and Co., W. A. Grenick owner, R. M. Bownett in charge ; 13,000 two-tooth wethers from K&llara; passed Louthien route for Gunnedah, Darcey in charge ; 7,700 ewes from Pulp&lla; passed Louth en route for Narrabri, travelling for sale, Josephson and Neebitt owners, E. H. L&tell; in charge. From Tibooburra we learn that the average fall last week throughout the district was about 2in., this will do an immense amount of good. The pastures were previously in a wretched state, and the Btock routes were almost impassable through the scarcity of water in the tanks. The following are the stock passings : — 10,000 store ewes from Mena Murtie, for Pinchllla, Queensland, Albert in charge ; 10,800 ewes and 150 rams from Mount Gipps, for Helveston. Queensland, or for sale, C. N. Kidman owner j G. M'Callum in charge ; 309 head of fat cows from Nockatunga, for Adelaide, A Johnson in charge ; 338 head of mixed fat cattle from Thargomind&h; Station for Broken Hill, E. King in charge ; 405 head of fat bullocks from Milo for Adelaide, H. Halls in charge. Heavy general rain is reported throughout lower Queensland, bnt no details are yet to hand. , Later news gives the following remarkable rainfall records in the districts named : — Surat 805 points, St. George 1351, Charleville, 685, Adavale 762, Cunnamulla 532, Barringun 617, Enngonia 771, Goondiwindi 461, Invereli 576j Yetman 560, Mungundi 493, Collarenabn 481 , Mogil 545, Pilliga 3ti0, Walgett 318, Goo- doonga 835, Brswamua. 500. A correspondent at Cutiabunda via Brewarrina, writes as fol lows : — 9iiL 25 points of rain have fallen during the week ending 17th January, on the Bokhara district of Brewarrina. Fears are entertained of a big flood. The Bokhara is ominously high, and should the water from the headsand affluents of the river come down before uiu prcsrcub AUKS UOA buusiucu; UIC cApu ICI i vi 1889 will be repeated in 1891. Settlers are busily removing their stock to safe grosnd. A telegram has since been received stating that the Condamine, the Queensland name for what here i6 called the Bokhara, is coming down full flood, the event bidding fair to equal, if not surpass, the watery devastation of March, 1890\. So much for the vaticination o£-Charlie Egeson, and the credulous section of humanity who swore by Ids soothsaying. AtvDubbo, since last report, the weather has been changeable. The rainfall last week was only a rh ><me aoont the town, bnt in some parte district it uas veiy heavy; Stock of V scriptions are lookmg wex, and so far year there are no cases of disease ported. The stock paEsiugs are limited number, and are chiefly from Queenslat . stations now through by rail, There is alreadji a good spring in the grass around Warren, and all danger from bush-fires is now over. - TW following stock passings are reported froof there— -136 horses from Dalton to Dubb® ' Hachett owner, Hall in charge ; 20 horse from Ewema, for Dubbo, Smith and Leslie ownersf - Robh in charge ; 900 fat sheep from Reddan- ville for Nevertire, Reddan Brothers owners? Tuckwell in charge; 6,000 mixed sheep from Tabr&tong; for Armidale, Kelton owner Fleming in charge; 13,700 wethers from Leridai : for Wodonga, Hann and Ralloran owners Rogers in charge. A remarkable rise in th ' Murrumbidge is reported from Wagga. Th« river went up to 31ft. above summer leveli This is the highest record for several years, bnt it is thought that as the rise has been such m rapid one the water will flow off and no! cause so much damage as it would have dans had the flood been a gradual one. At Albun also there is a great rise in the Murray, thq record on Wednesday being 13ft., that being higher than it was at any time during lastyear The folio winsr stock nassinsrs are xenarted from Albury Two hundred fat wethers from Bum gowannah for Homebush, J. Grieve owner 2,000 Merino sheep from Hermitage, AlturyJ for Omeo, H. Watterson owner; 760 cattle from Queensland for Victoria, Francis and ffijj owners. From Germanton we learn that there is a good flood coming down the Billabong", r and similar reports are " current at North Goonambil, where nearly 3in. of rain fell last week. About Urana and J erilderie there war an average of 2in. last week, and over an incf said a half fell from Narandera dewn the Mnu rumbidgee to Hay.— \- Pastoral Times . 