THE SHEARING TROUBLE. BRISBANE, Tuesday. [REUTER'S TELEGRAMS.] Nine men have been arrested at Cordon Downs for being concerned In the recent riot between the railway and Peak Downs. Two others have been arrested charged with interfering with the police in the exe cution of their dnty. Later in the day Griffith, the leader of the C'pella camp, was arrested, and later still the authorities arrested George Taylor, the recognised head of the shearers in the Clarmont- district, and J. A. Stewart, chairman of the Sandy Creek camp, on a charge of conspiracy. One other unionist was afterwards arrested, making 15 to-day. The Government intend to arrest every person inciting others to break the law in any way. A body of mounted iufautry has been despatched to Oak wood. Tho armories of Brisbane are now guarded day and night. The camps between Clermont and Goidon Downs have been broken up. Telegrams from Tambo allege that 68 men started from Minnie Downs towards Lnuglo yesterday, lighting fires nil along the road, but the rain extinguished them. Barcaldine. Tuesday Night. -Heavy rains are falling, and have extin guished all the bushfires. Military posts have been formed of in fan try at Mullahurra, Aramac, Isisford, Blackall, and Avilalah, the posts being con nected by patrols of mounted infantry. A case of firearms for Warbrecou station has been seized by unionists from the carriers’ waggons. The principal' storekeepers of the inland towns refuse to give a -guarantee not to supply pnatoralists with Rtores, and the carriers are not to be allowed to carry their goods. The secretary of the labor union sent this afternoon the following telegram to the Minister of Lands at Perth :—“ Are your Government willing to make arrangements with 5000 experienced bnsli workers willing to settle in co- operative colonies upon the soil? Would your Government advance sufficient capital to make improvements on the guarantee of the settlers t What pro portion of land grants and water reservation would accompany your concessions ?” 