Newcastle Notes. (From our correspondent.) On Friday last the annual volunteer prize firing took place, and considering the very windy day the result was most satisfactory. The prizes were pre sented in the evening by Mrs. W. G Leeder, the lady Mayoress, the follow ing being a list of the winners :— No. 1 Squad. Sergeant Strahan, Handsome Clock. Corporal Cooper, Pickle Jar. Private Bishop, Butter dish. No. 2 Squad. Private McDermott, (1st & special), Fish knife and fork. Sergeant Scott, Cruet Private G Chittey, Butter dish Private W Chitty, Handsome Pipe No. 3 Squad. Corporal Whitfield, Album Private J Donegau, Clock Corporal Ellery, Lamp Private J Donegan (Old Town), Cricket Bat. No. 4 Squad. Corporal Whitfield, Cruet Private Pinker, Album Corporal Parker, Pair Vases The prizes having been presented, Lieut. Mitchell said he had one more to give, and that was a very handsome pipe to Sergeant Price, which had been pur chased by the men. Those who gave towards the prizes were the proprietors of Libertv, Messrs. J P Hearns, T Mc Carthy (Fremantle), W J Stewart, G H J Leeder, J J Withers, and Mrs Donegan, Newcastle. Lieutenant Mit chell then thanked Mrs Leeder for her kindness in coming forward to present the prizes, and called upon the men to give three hearty cheers for her, which was given in a most hearty manner. Mr W G Leeder, in replying on behalf of Mrs. Leeder, thanked them for the way in which they had responded to the vote of thanks, and at their next firing he would give them something worth firing for. Three cheers were also giv en for Major Gardiner and Lieut. Mitchell, which brought the proceedings to a close. The ball held afterwards was much enjoyed, dancing being coi tinued until daylight. Our election was held held on the 16th instant, and resulted in Mr. W G. Leeder being returned as Mayor,Messrs J T Wood and J Donegan Councillors, and Messrs A J Worth and H Parker Auditors. A protest was handed in to the Returning Officer against the elec- | tion on the grounds that the whole pro ceedings were illegal. The Returning Officer admitted that the proceedings were informal but he would carry on the election, and leave it for the ratepayers to move in the matter. This they intend doing, and a petition has been now signed for the purpose of laying the whole matter before the au thorities with a view to having the mat ter righted. * # # w The want of a crane at the Railway Station is much felt. One was sent up here for erection but on account of the one at Northam breaking it was sent there, and up to the present we have been deprived of one. I think the railway authorities ought to have one erected without delay. v ## Another party of miners leave here to-day on a prospecting tour from here to the Murcnison * # # Bush-fires have been frequent of late, but as yet no serious damage has been done. # * * Sickness is very prevalent and several deaths have occurred. At the present several old settlers are seriously ill. # Harvesting is in full swing, and I hear that some of the crops are turning out well. # * A long felt want has been supplied here by a Mr. McCall. opening a Chemist and Druggist's shop, and there is no doubt he will be rewarded for his enterprise. Professor Anderson was to have per formed here on Tuesday night, hut no one turning up to witness the entertain ment, he had to abandon the idea. November 26, 1891. 