GENERAL NEWS. ? . — '^r The only observing station in the colony at which rain fell for the 24 hours previous to 9 o'clock this morning was Brooine, where 6 points were registered. In consequence of the expected earlier arrival at Albany of the E. M. S. Victoria with English mails than that indicated in the scheduled time table,mails for despatch to the eastern colonies by that opportunity will be made up at the General Post-office, Perth, on Wednesday, January 14, at ll-30, instead of on Thursday. The caB ? in which Capt. Thomas Gortley was charged with disorderly conduct was continued at the Fromantle Police-court after going to press yesterday. The Mag istrate held that the rebutting evidence waB too Btrong, and dismisued the case. At the Fremantle Police-court this morning Andrew CumminEfs, brought up on suspicion of being of unsound mind, was reman' ed for medical examinati n. On 'Change this morning there were -wvers for Centrals at 6s. 9d. and sellers — » - '^ —-?»?«» 7S- was offered with at 10s. } forJB-nuK* _ . ^'ifib. (pro) Sellers at Bs.j for Fraser'* k~~ 10s. 6d., was offered with buyers at IBs,, for contributing. 9s. being offei'edj tfith seller* at l3s; The following ate the prices for the bther stocks -—Hope's Hill (pro) Buyers is'., sellers is. fld.j (8on) buyer* Is; 9d.; Belters 2s. 8d., Caledonian (pro) Sffllefo Is: 3d., (con) buyers 10*d., sellers Is. 6d., Wftterlmli (con) buyer! 3d.; sellers 9d. Jn Exchange (pro) sales .tooE place at Is; lc and Is. l^d., and. there wjere isellers pi; con tributing at 6d. In Bunburj Tin there were sellers at 6d.- with buyers at Is. 6d., and sellers ofW. A. Fire at 19s. Yesterday, afternoon and evening, a small bazaar was held at Miss Moore's resi dence, in' Mount-street, in aid of the Protestant. Orphanage, and was well at ended. Contributions towards the bazaar were received from ? a number of ladies at the Vasse, who forwarded a quantity of needlework,. and. also from Mrs. Roe, Mrs. Marfleet, Messrs. Manning Brothers, and Mr. J. Manning, of Wi'.liam-street. A correspondent at York, writing a few days ago, mentions that bushfires bad been raging round that township, doing much mischief ; ainoag the principal sufferers being Mr. James Hicks, who lost a quantity of hay, and a widow, her sole support of family of eight, whose eight acres of corn aid a lot of garden stuff were consumed by the flames. Mrs. Eichard Morrell, an old resident, while on a visit to Newcastle last month/fell down some steps and broke one of her arms and otherwise injured herself. The first association cricket match of tHe season will commence in the Frem'antle Park to-morrow afternoon, at 2*30 o'clock; The following will be the Fremantle team :— W. Bateman, W; Back, F. B. Bar; rett, H. K. Dixson, S. A. Finalyson, D. JoBe, F. H. Mather, H. Shaw, and P. Symon. We have much pleasure in calling atten tion to the auction sale of Mr. Ealph Stone's stock, commencing at 11 a.m. to morrow. The stock to be sold is a varied one of drapery, hosiery, etc., and the pub lic will have a chance to secure bargains, as the whole will be sold without the slightest reserve. The list of prize-winners in the drawing in connection with the Fremantle Catholic Boys' School Fund will be inserted in to morrow's issue of the Daily News. Mr. H. W. Gibbs, the well-known artiat of this city, has completed a really admir able portrait of Mr. H. S. Darldt, mounted on his horse St. Ives. It is really an excel lent likeneBs, and shows that Mr. Gibbs' talent for portraiture is as considerable as are his merits aa a landscape painter. The coloring is nicely subdued, and the acces sories of the portrait are in the most ex cellent taste. The picture, which has been well framed by Mr. Zimpel, is on view at his furniture warehouse, in Hay-street; ua __ KB To-day the Hon. J. Forrest 'was reelect ed unopposed for Bunbury, and Mr. H. W. Sholl was also elected unopposed for fioe bourne. ; 