(Published every Tuesday & Friday morning) 'IT isnot given unto mortals to commeand asuccess,.butwe may do more . deserve it." FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1891. Assr thoughtful person 'reading the accounts of the terrible bush fires which have occurred in different parts of ..the colony; during the: last few weeks, would be led to ask can nothing be done to mitigate this great evil. Year after year :the agriculturists or pastoralists stands in. dread of having their crops destro~yed or their paddocks rendered useless for the time being; in fact, both these parties seem to be at the mercy of each successive season, whether wet or dry. In, many in stances the ' winter's flood submerges their .lands and sweeps away their dfocks and herds, or destroys the crops. Tihe summer's ieant brings annually in its train the still more fearful form of devastRtion, in ,the appalling .bush fire, wvhich eigiulfs the homestead and stock in one common ruin. History tells eus that', forty years have almost passed away since the fearful visitation kniown as .'Blhik Thursday" occurred, and still with each successive anni versaryrTecurs the oft-told tale of miles of fertile country being swept by the same terrific agency, of homes being burnt down, too often the inhabitants barely escaping with their lives. it is true that we nee.i never anticipate a similar disaster cn such an extensive scale. The country at that period was nut sparsely populated, settlements were far apart, and only a limited portion of the soil was under cultiva tion, so that whenever a fire originated there were few obstacles to retard its progress. A. vast change has been made since then. The length and brraidlh of the colony has been triversed by roads, large towns have occupied the sites of extensive forests, and a greater portion of the soil has been cleared and brought. under cultivation. ,With these great' im provements it was hoped by imany tfia the fire 'fiend, which had previously swept the :surface for unknown .ages, would have been. comparatively isolated, and rendered harmless. But, alas, this is not the case, for the dismal tidings which have been recorded during the last few weeks, have shown how fallacious were these expectations. It is true that these bush-fires have not swept from one end of the country to the other without let or hindrance, but wherever there has been an out break the fiery oelement, has found ample food in the increased number of homesteads and of stock. In the visitation of Black Thursday there were sufficienitly appalling instances of both human and animal suffering; but from a monetary point of view the damage was comparatively trifling. At present, with the extent of settle ment and increase of stock, the des truction effected in a week or two is already computed by tens oftihou sands of pounds. The mildness of the season only tended to aggravate the situation, and the luxuriant herbage, which promised comparative affluence to the pastoralist and farmers, needed but a few days of scorching heat to be converted into a dangerous combus tible. It is questionable 'whether, with our climatic conditions, this deadly foe can ever be thoroughly brought under subjection.. It has often been asserted that in a majority of instances these conflagrations have been caused by criminal negligence or malignant design; but the experience of the past has proved that both this and other continents have been ravaged by the fiery scourge before the advent of civilized intruders. The prairies of North America, the Island of Vene zeula, land the endless forest-leagues of Brazil have been swept by this-fierce agency long before the arrival of Europeans, and Captain Cook,, when he first visited the eastern coast of Australia, not only found traces of its previous ravages, but was a witness to its violence and extent. Even Britain has not escaped this infliction, for a few years since during' a drought of unprecedented severity, the water courses shrank and dried, and miles of forest land were swept by the flames. But what was an abnormal condition there, however, is one which we may expect with more or. less severity in this climate as of annual recurrence, and the yearly chronicle of disaster warns us to exert our intelligence to mitigate, if we cannot avert, what is recognised by everyone as an infliction of the most dangerous type. Much can doubtless be done by. the obser vance of. proper care and- precaution. The careless use of fire by wanderers of the tramp species is punishable by heavy penalties, and these should be rigorously enforced; the inflammable match should be carefully excluded, and broken glass removed with jealous' care. Many a fire has been checked in its progress, and many a comfoitable ho.ne preserved, by the simple precaution of burning off a broad space around the homestead, and at intervals across grass lands; and a judicious use of these and other precautions. should be the duty of every bush dweller.. The origin of many fires may, doubtless, be often traced to human agency; but it is a well ascertained fact that other causes have led to some of the most disastrous bush-fires which'it has beenth.lot of the scribe to chronicle. Withbordinary precautions and care -the pelople of Gippsland might have an immunity from bush fires, but very often in burning scrub or timber, proper, steps are not taken, and unsuitable. days chosen, with the result that. the fire gets. beyond rtheir control, and iheir neighbours havIe to suffer' It,is difi cult to disco'er a remedy for bush fires, but thle question natui-rally arises is it impossible. The ingenuity of man ieas contrived to restrict the ravages of floods, and there is.no reason to sup pose that he may not yet be able to devise some means of combating or suppressing the equally destructive element of fire.. How far this desirable end is off we cannot say, but in the meantime let each and'a!l do their utmost to alleviate the misery caused by these firtes, and by proper care, seek to put a check to-the ever recurring disasters. 