VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, February 12. The only changes in the betting for the Newmarket Handicap are that Conceit is quoted at 100 to 4 wanted, and Bungebah 100 to 7 taken. MELBOURNE, February 13. On Wednesday afternoon a family named Bates, residing at North Melbourne, had some ox tongue at dinner, and subsequently the mother and four children developed symptoms of irritant poisoning, and a visitor dining with them was similarly affected. Medical aid was called in, and the persons affected were treated for arsenic-poisoning, which the doctor believed it was. The mother and a child 8 years of age became seriously ill. A second family, who partook of the other portion of the tongue, were similarly affected. The doctor reported the matter to the police, who caused an analysis to be made, which showed that there was not the slightest trace of poison, but the meat was pro nounoed to be in an unwholesome condition. The Premier has arranged that the delegates from Viotoria and the Western colonies shall leave Melbourne to attend the Federation Con vention on the 27th instant. The manager of the Claims Office at Spenoer street has recorded 367 claims for luggage lost in the burning of the cloak-room on Sunday last, the claims amounting to £6330, and he has also recorded thirty-three claims from commercial travellers for loss of samples, the sums claimed being £800. He has settled forty-two of the ordinary claims by paying compensation to the amount of £1137. Melbourne, February 16. The Premier has received a communication from the Secretary to the Indian Government in reply to a letter drawing attention to the emigration of natives of India to Australia, in which it is explained that in the India Act of 1883 the word " immigrate" was the technioal term defined to denote the departure by Bea of natives of India under agreement to labour for hire in some foreign oountry. As the persons against whom the com plaint is made by the Victorian Govern ment did not appear to leave India under such agreement the Act could not apply to them, and the law did 'not authorise police interference to prevent their departure from India. The Indian Government thought the only means in their power of furthering the wishes of the Victorian Government was to give publicity to the fact that the immigration to Victoria of such persons was not desired. The Govern ments on the Indian seaboard, as well as the Punjaub, have been requested to make this faot known. A bushfire at Coorook, near Colao, on Satur day, laid waste about five miles of country, destroying many miles of fencing. The Coorook Creamery, recently erected, was burnt to the ground. Melbourne, February 16. A deputation waited on Sir F. T. Sargood to day to suggest that power be given the truant inspectors to arrest children of school age found in the streets during school hours, and detain them in some place, not a common lockup, till enquiries were made; also, that licenses be issued to boys selling papers, Ac, in the streets. Sir F. T. Sargood admitted the evils, but suggested to the deputation that it submit a statement of the problem and a scheme to meet it. Serious ravages by fire were made on Satur day oh stations near Stawell. Strathven and Glenfyne stations were almost burned out, and thousands of acres of grass destroyed. It is estimated that 10,000 sheep perished. Other stations beyond Glenfyne also suffered severely, but reliable particulars are not yet to hand. There were several narrow escapes during the fire. A very destructive fire also broke out at Mount Dryden. Melbourne, February 17. The Board of Public Health to-day approved of the recommendation oi tha nnmmittee thai owingtothe4n«wtfsing prevalence of smallpox at Colombo it be proclaimed an infected port; also, that the agents of all vessels calling there be advised as to the precautions that should be taken, and that the Central Board of Health in Adelaide be informed of the action taken by the Melbourne Board. The Counoil of of Agriculture to-day decided to offer the post of Prinoipal of the Agricul tural College to Mr. T. E. Dow. The damage by the fire which raged oil Saturday and Sunday in the western part of the Stawell District is estimated at £30,000. Many of the settlers lost everything. Melbourne, February 18. The Minister for Defence is desirous that there should be a naval demonstration on the occasion of the arrival of the auxiliary fleet in Australian waters. He has written to Admiral Lord Charles Scott, suggesting that he should communicate with the Admiralty on the sub ject. It is suggested that if the fleet should arrive together it should be met at King George's Sound by other vessels on the Aus tralian station as well as those of the different colonies. His Excellency the Governor to-day opened the Maroindah Waterworks, hitherto known afl the Watts liiver scheme. Its completion givea an additional 25,000,000 gallons of water per day to Melbourne. At an ordinary meeting of the Victorian branch of the British Medical Association held to-night, Dr. Kooh's lymph formed the subjeot for discussion, and it was suggested that in order to prevent its use by others than duly Jualified medical men, the lymph should be eclared a poison, so as to bring it under the operation of the Poisons Act. This, after discussion, was unanimously agreed to. 