THE SHIPPING STRIKES. The dispute which has been pro ceeding for some time past between the steamship owners federation and the seamen's union is now ended, the only remaining difference between them having been removed by the latter body whose secretary has issued a notice to-day permitting all the unionists to accept federation tickets. General Booth is suffering from serious illness. A lady doctor has commenced prac tice in Sale. Mr. John Hickman, mayor of Bal larat died on Saturday last. The financial panic in the Argentine Republic has subsided. The Bank of England has decided to issue £1 notes. The citizens of London have sent a formal invitation to the Emperor of Germany to visit the city. A chinaman named Ah Quinn was drowned while bathing at Picnic Point, Bairnsdale, on Sunday last. Prince Bismarck has been nominated for a seat in tho German Reichstag, but it is supposed that he will not ac cept the nomination. The Golden Age Hotel at Omeo was destroyed by fire last week. Tlio total loss of property is said to amount to £4000. The record of the popular horse, Carbine, to date, out of 39 starts is, wins 30, second 5 times, third 3 times, unplaced once. Henry Ward, aged 46, a fireman, fell from the fire tower ladder at Haw thorn, on Saturday, a distance of 40 ft. He was admitted into the Melbourne Hospital in an unconscious state, and died on Sunday evening at 20 minutes past seven. The runner boys of the " Melbourne Herald" have struck, owing to the price of the paper to them being raised from 8d. to 9d. per dozen. One or two hoys have started work on the new scale and have been chased by the others and hooted as blacklegs. The hop crop in Bairnsdale is expec ted to turn oat larger and of finer quality than in any previous year; the excellence of the yield is attributed partly to the silt deposited by the floods of last year, and partly to the opportnne rains that fell from time to time while the crop was maturing. The insolvency is gazetted of William Macalister, of Broadlands, grazier. Causes — Losses in farming, and in cattle, in sheep dealing, and pressure of creditors. Debts, £3439 ; assets, £3190 ; deficiency, £249. Mr. H. W. Kirwan, assignee; Mr. J. M. Ivirkpatrick, solicitor. Mr. Murray, Government geologist, is lo pay a visit to the Monnt Wills tin fields next week for the purpose of making a full examination and prepar ing a geological report of the field. The W. B. Godfrey, a vessel of 700 tons, from San Francisco, ran ashore at Start Point, about 9 miles from Lome, on Sunday last. The accident is attributed to the heavy smoke arising from bushfires on shore, which obsenred the land. The - passengers were got off safely next morning. A motion was brought forward in the House of Commons on Friday, 6th inst. by Mr. Gavin Brown, member for Caithness, in favor of the establish ment of Home Rule in England Ireland, and Scotland. Owing to the house being counted oat the motion collapsed. j Mr. Phillip Mennell, for some time proprietor and editor of the " Bairns dale Advertiser" and who has been representing the " Age " in London for the past eight years, has been entertained at a banquet prior to his revisiting Australia. Among the nota bilities present were Sir Graham Berry, Sir Charles Dilke, and Mr. Henniker Heaton. Bushfires are prevalent in many parts of the colony, many telegraph lines have been interrupted, and other serious damage done. At Warragui the residence ot Mr. P. P. Nind, of the "Warragui Guardian," which is about one mile out of the town, was de stroyed, and the Hon. C. Sargeant is a heavy sufferer owing to the destruc- . tion of his sawmill tramways. The damage to grass was also very exten sive. At Hamilton immense damage has been done, and similar tidings are to hand from all parts of the colony. East Gippsland seems to he almost the only country district that has entrelyi escaped. A telegram to the " Age," says " As a sequel to the M'Rae divorce case, in which Mrs. M'Rae obtained a decree nisi against her husband, Myles M'Rae, M.P. for Morpeth, a jury case is set down for Wednesday next, in which Petronella Vaugkan will sue M'Crae to recover £5000 damages for the abduction and snbsequent seduction of her daughter, lima. The latter also sues M'Rae, thiough her mother, to recover £5000 for breach of promise of marriage- It will be remembered that at the time of the divorce suit the evidence showed that lima Vaughan acted for a time as governess to M'Rae's children, and that by repre senting he had been divorced he obtained her consent to marry bim." 