REMINISCENCES OF A PIONEER DID THE LATE BOOM DE- MORALISE VICTORIANS ? By J. Wood Beilby It is to be regretted that in a recent article Mr Walstab, senior's, name was introduced, when the authority of an early colonist estate agent was quoted, to the effect that the opportunities of specu- lation in buying and selling land during the boom period was demoralising to its participants, if not our national character. Moreover, Mr Walstab is quite right in the statement that he never discussed the subject with me, for our in- terview in Queen street when I was last in Melbourne, I think in last June, gave no time for discussion, our mutual greet- ing and converse only occupying some five minutes. I am, however, greatly pleased to hear that this much-esteemed old colonist is still wonderfully active, as re- cords of our fellow pioneers' transit to the Land o' the Leal are too rife now. And I ask his pardon for quoting him personally. The questions mooted re demoralisation in my latest article have attracted some attention ; therefore, I reiterate them as, Has the sale of land tactics of the late boom tended to, or resulted in, a national demoralisation ? or merely tended to unduly reward development of sharp practice ? And have we not in earlier days ample evidences of the presence in our midst of an equally fair share of sharp practice, occasionally termed roguery, or demoralisation ? In my late reminiscence article on droving experiences I had narrated a journey with a herd of store bullocks over a frightful mountain road in Gippsland up to the Moe swamp crossing. So far as I remember, the then fording route across the swamp, which was formed by the junction of the Moe and Narracan rivers with the Latrobe and its backwaters, in- volved a journey through mud, mire, bog, thick scrub and fallen trees, with stretches of deep water for some four hundred and fifty yards be- tween bank and bank. At a subsequent date, having purchased the Moe run, as estimated after Black Thursday's fires to carry four thousand head of cattle, from the late William Lyall, of Harewood, and stocked it, I urged the then Commissioner of Roads and Bridges, the late Sir Francis Murphy, to improve the road into Gipps- land and bridge the boggy creeks en route, and the Moe. He asked me for a specifica- tion of improvements absolutely neces- sary to facilitate vehicular traffic between Melbourne and Gippsland, which was then a terra incognita to all except the few droving parties entering and the squatters occupying it, and I had written many articles in Melbourne journals describing the beauty of its scenery and luxuriant verdure of its pasturages and forests, as the "future Garden of Victoria." The best mode of corduroying the road across the Moe was a matter he wished my ideas on in detail, and I drew a plan of a planked roadway bridg- ing it, the supports of which were to be built of logs, four square, chock-and-log fence fashion. In course of time tenders were duly invited for a bridge over the Moe, and as I had a lot of men building a homestead, and yards, etc., there, and several teams of bullocks, I purposed tendering for its construction. Having seen the plan, which was simply a copy of my design, I went to inspect the specifications at the Public Works office, in Melbourne. These were fatal to my expectations, for the timber used was to be only red or blue gum, of stated calibres when squared. No round logs were permissible, nor admixture of even the most durable local woods. I interviewed the engineer in authority, and stated my difficulty in tendering, as blue gum was inaccessible, and red gum would have to be brought from Traralgon, a distance of 30 miles, but he was inexorable. Judge my surprise then when I daily saw the bridge being constructed by the con- tractors, under supervision of a Govern- ment engineer, of the trees growing in the swamp alongside the bridge, of all sorts of even the most perishable kinds of timber, unsquared, and not even barked ! The result was that this costly piece of work went very quickly to pieces, and, becoming dangerous, had to be superseded by a more costly bridge. I made some inquiries, and received the reply that "palm oil" judicially used smoothed all difficulties as to inconvenient conditions of contracts. Unless some devastating bush-fire has removed the ruins and wreckage of this first Moe bridge, there must be ample evidence of its faulty construction of inferior materials there to this day. Again, the gold discoverer Hargreaves, (and a recent select committee of the New South Wales Legislature declares he was not the bona-fide discoverer) had a vote by our earliest House of Representatives of L5000, of which one half only was paid to him in or about 1856. This was for divulging the discovery of gold near Bathurst, which then almost ruined Victoria by the stampede thence of her industrial classes, I then, your Old Pioneer, on 7th June, 1851, divulged to Mr Latrobe, our then Lieutenant- Governor under Sir George Gipps, the Governor-General of this dependency of New South Wales in those early days, the fact and locality of a discovery of gold by a shepherd ; in fact I have convincing proofs that it was Brentam's earlier in- formant, though under an assumed name, and I stated in my letters, still in Victorian archives, that I made the communication in order that when confirmed by investigation it might turn the tide of migration to, instead of, as then, from Victoria ; and, at a personal interview with Mr Latrobe, I offered to share, or stake, the whole outlay of such investigation. Mr Latrobe then sent out a prospecting party, with aid of a re- turned Californian digger as an expert, whose report was that on my stated site gold was found wherever they sank holes in the creek banks. But it was the wet season (when holes could scarcely be bottomed for influx of water), and the afterwards reported discoveries at Clunes and Ballarat induced the party to turn back thither. Mr Latrobe after- wards rode alongside of me in Collins street, saying, " Plenty of gold now, Mr Beilby ; but your information was most opportune." I never then thought of mercenary motives, or seeking reward for the duty of every good colonist wishing well to the interests of his adopted country ; nor did I send in a claim when others of the first discoverers did. But, some years later, when one gentle- man, who had received L500 out of LI000 voted by our first Legislative Council, and which the revenue then was deemed too poor to pay at once in full, applied, with the other beneficiaires for their second moieties, he claimed as being in July 1851 the earliest informant of the local Govern- ment, and publisher of the all-important fact of the discovery of workable and pay- able gold in Victoria, I demonstrated that my claim was prior by several weeks. That gentleman's claim was then with- drawn, being thus quietly shelved, and I applied for the unpaid-to-him moiety of the reward voted. But I urged my case to deaf ears, although there were then extant, though now long passed away, members of the earliest investigating and prospecting party inaugurated by Mr Latrobe on my information, and I had Mr Latrobe's testimony in a letter from him then in England. The early Legislature profusely rewarded all applicants for early discoveries, including L1000 to Michel, a foreigner, for an alleged discovery in the Deep Creek, Upper Yarra, where no one has, I believe, ever worked since for gold. Hargreaves, for alleged discovery, depopulating, and, but for our local finds, tending to ruin Victoria, received large reward and lucrative appointments. I urging claim only to the crumbs falling from a rich man's table in a period of my shattered fortunes, being the shelved and unpaid moiety only of his reward, and my correspondence with Mr Latrobe of June, 1854, demon- strating that my motives of disclosure of the important discovery were for in- ducing turn of population to instead of from our shores, could not get a hearing at all of our Parliament, nor of select committee, whose stated functions were the dealing with rewards for discovery of named goldfields. The late Rev. George Mackie, of South Yarra, introduced me and my case to some influential Members of Parliament. One took it up cordially, but said I must call on him to go into the full particulars. These were, how- ever, seemingly, only to inform me that his constituents, who paid his ex- penses as their representative (prior to payment of members), demurred to his acting in interests of outsiders, unless paid for it ; and he would do nothing un- less for a L50 cheque. Another required a similar "cash donation to his wife's charities." Others had their hands so full of their constituents' business that they declined interference; but a liberal- minded party made me the definite offer that a named eight should move and sup- port proposition for a select committee, consisting of themselves, and that they would, by pre- arrangement, recommend that the House should vote me L1000 reward, provided each held my bond for L50, and I paid in advance L50 for pre- liminaries in shape of champagne suppers. To all these offers my answer was, " My case is clear on most irrefragable testi- mony, that could best be dealt with by a committee of the whole House. More- over, I ask not money, but its value in land upon a site I have reclaimed from Carrum Swamp, and resided on for many years." This did not suit those offering to aid in obtaining a monetary reward, on condition of sharing it, and from that party thereafter I had the cold shoulder. The fact was I had neglected an any early date to avail my- self of a pre-emptive right to extent of 640 acres. My run was coveted by selectors, and reserved from auction, while I, subsequently, as the squatter, was debarred from selection. For years my claim appeared on the notice paper always just prior to the annual "slaughter of the innocents," Once a petition to consider it was directed to be printed, and thereafter to be laid on the table, and I had hopes, only to be again disappointed, for nothing was done further until honest Tom Bent took it up, and obtained promise from the Government of a time to discuss it. Then that session was summarily cur- tailed. Bent asked " What about Beilby's case ?" and the then Minister of Lands said he would undertake that my interests should not suffer. Yet he forgot that promise ; all my reclaimed land was alienated to selectors, but one half-sec- tion, cut off from water frontage, and in- tersected by a wide road end drain ; and this I had only the privilege of competing for at auction, with valuation of my home- stead improvements. I never received an iota in liquidation of the just claim for the unpaid moiety of the original vote of L1000 for the service of first publication, which my protest saved to the revenue, as above stated. Hargreaves' endeavor to interest Members of Parlia- ment to procure payment of his claim for the balance of award of L5000 voted to him, resulted in just such a scandal as to manoeuvres of members of our Lower House, for he divulged the secret, and his participation in it alienated the good feeling of the House towards him. Windsor, an early attorney, who was im- properly convicted and sentenced, being innocent, obtained compensation only by sacrifice to supporters of his claim in Par- liament of one half the amount voted to him. It may here be stated that of those embraced within the Members I have alluded to, nearly all are either dead or long out of Parliament. It is a strik- ing commentary upon the adulation in- ducing large rewards in cash, and paid appointments, to our then most famous gold discoverer, that in his paid embassies to Tasmania and South and West Aus- tralia, to report on their geological aspect, as being auriferous or not, he authorita- tively stated of all three countries that their geological formations precluded the possibility of their gold production, where- as, what do we know now ? as also having before us the singular result of the investigations of the latest select committee of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, repudiating the claim so long uncontradicted, of his being rightly and historically the founder of our gold mining industries. As regards my own participation in fame or reward— as the poor hotel lodger of the burning building in New York but the other day said when urged to leap from a fourth storey window to the crowd below from the advancing flames behind him —" it will be all the same tomorrow," so may I now resign hope of benefit from earthly emoluments, for a septuagenarian has no long future here to provide for, and my claim is that only of an old pioneer, of small account in estimation of the present generation probably. These are but samples of an earlier stage of the demoralisation prevalent even where least looked for in our colonial society in days long past. Now as to the antithesis of the questions we started with. How did boom tactics in the sale of land or pseudo interests in misrepresentedly lucra- tive properties demoralise us? The late Mr Balcombe owned a half section beyond Cheltenham, poorly grassed, and partly covered with scrub, but having frontage to a road along the sea beach. This land, when fenced in, and with cottage on it, was of so little intrinsic value, as to let only for L40 per annum, as a receiv- ing depot for stock taken on agistment, and to be grazed elsewhere, but in view of ultimate possibilities of extension of Melbourne suburbs, Mr Balcombe valued it somewhat highly, that is, above similar land around, and proposed to sell it to me at L12 per acre. Shortly after his demise an enterprising land investment syndicate bought it from his executrix at price unknown to me, but reported as L50 an acre, on terms. These gentlemen laid out streets, built decoy-duck villas and shops, sea baths, Mechanics' Hall or Athenæum, etc., and initiated the land boom by sale of its allotments, at per foot of frontages. The stock arguments of the auctioneers at such sales were that seeing that Collins street city frontages currently realised L2000 per foot, land out there, with so many suburban advantages, must be cheap at L20 a foot or such other price as it could be run up to, and who could tell but that in a few years it might become as valuable as city land. But, as 660 feet by 66, or 330 by 132 feet, make an acre, ten allot- ments of 33 feet frontage each by 120 feet or so to a right-of-way at back, and sold at, say, L20 a foot of frontage, make the almost incredible price of L6600 per acre. I do not say any of this land fetched that price, but the most of those who bid against each other at these and subsequent boom auctions never cyphered the amounts up, and thus had no conception of the enormous profits realised per acre by the vendors. Still, this was a fairly legiti- mate speculative enterprise, and the property in question has become a rising and a comparatively populous suburb, having facilities of transit by rail and many social advantages. Thereafter a crowd of speculators and jobbers en- deavoured to follow suit. Daily new estate agents appeared on the Melbourne bourse, and they and their office employes sought out market gardeners and other land holders around the metropolis willing to sell out areas desirable for subdivision for building villa purposes, or which could by stretch of imagination or paper plans be represented as such. Sometimes large sums of even many thousands sterling, were made by otherwise impecunious individuals obtain- ing for small deposits right of purchase and power, of sale of lands at a given price, while, from a syndicate of eager speculators, double such price could be realised. This was one phase of very common demoralisation of profes- sional probity that profits thus made on sales effected did not reach the original vendors, less usual sale com- mission only. Everyone who could thus grasp the right of sale of land, or buy up assumed rights of holders by adverse possession and obtain their certificates of title, went on headlong in effecting sales to speculators, or in subdivision and sale on terms of credit of so-called building al- lotments often in preposterous localities for such purpose. Lands in the tea tree swamps near Dandenong, for instance, covered every winter three feet deep with water, were re-sold at L300 an acre up- wards, in short frontages and depths, and still the number of gulled buyers multiplied : and for a long period it was correctly stated that such was the current confidence in the permanence of rise in value of all lands, that every trans- fer of such purchases at auction was made with good profit. Buyers for mere specu- lative re-sale or for holding for a rise, were rife, but a small proportion bought to build on and reside, although our building societies gave every facility and most liberal advances from an ever flow- ing in abundant stream of deposited cash for large rates of interest offered. Let me conclude by narration of one such boom auction sale, seemingly to me on a par with many others of that period for its demoralising tendency, and by no process of reasoning justifiable as legiti- mate speculation, any more than sweeps or lotteries are. Once when in Melbourne I obtained a special train ticket for a coun- try sale, at which there was the additional inducement to the hungry of a free lunch. Upwards of thirty mile posts were passed en route to the site, which was half a mile from a township, but closer to the railway station. The ordinary return fare from Melbourne was 7s 6d. The site was unpromising, though pegged out in streets, being low wet swamp at one end, with a very steep declivity at the other. Its intrinsic value for grazing, being unsuitable for agriculture, might be ten per cent on its fair stated capital value, of perhaps L5 an acre. There was only a miserable hut on it, and I was credibly informed in the neighborhood that the price its late owner received was but L10 an acre. The lunch tent was an interesting feature to many who swarmed around, struggling for places near enough to catch junks of beef and bread and bottles of drink, handed or thrown out from within. At length the crowd pressed inwards so closely that the tent collapsed. A rush for its con- tents ensued. Then the auctioneer, on an elevated rostrum, began the sale, and an apparently preconcerted rush around him was made by the tent rowdies. The first allotment put up was a corner one near the Goods Sheds, 70 feet by 90 feet. It was being evidently run up by parties in the interest of the selling syndi- cate, and it was evidently their purpose, in crowding the audience to conceal such bidders' identity as employed to run up without purchasing bona fide. The first lot was nominally sold at L13 15s per foot front- age, or actually at rate of about L6000 per acre ! No other lot was thereafter run up so high, but some were readily sold at vary- ing prices from 35s a foot, or say L300 an acre, upwards, in little use- lessly small blocks of only 33 feet frontages. I got into conversation with some of the bona-fide purchasers, who had given large deposits, and pro- missory notes for the balances of purchase money ; and in all cases they scouted the idea of building or settling down on the little petty areas they had purchased there. All had bought to sell again at anticipated enhancement of values ; and all stated that they had bought similar lots at previous boom sales, and always sold them at a profit. Such was the state of infatuation then current. But now how stands the position of such of the working classes led on thus to pauperise their families ? No wonder that those having to hold such valueless building (?) allot- ments, and to pay bills outstanding for instalments, have to draw the savings of years from deposit funds ; and the multi- tudes of such so doing necessarily bring down institutions heretofore fattening their shareholders on the difference be- tween interest given and constant influx of new deposits, until the tide turned the other way. The question now of most importance to depositors and holders by purchase of lands or other so-called investment pro- perties acquired by syndicates or extended companies is the intrinsic value of such properties regarded as the only securities for moneys so invested or sunk, and it appears to me that the sooner the bona fides or otherwise of such investments, and of the multitude of wild cat min- ing ventures presently being carried on to save appearances, and an utter col- lapse of their misrepresented values, is ascertained and published, the sooner values of bona-fide valuable properties will, as from a firm basis, rise in public estimation and legitimate traffic again re- commence. There are numerous mining ventures, or so-called ones, on lands in vicinity of some be-Iauded prospecting claim, as also areas of company purchased lands for subdivision, that have no more valid prospect of recoup- ing the swindled purchasers from the promoters than a scheme to maintain a beacon-fire on the snow-capped summit of Mont Blanc could be. To save ap- pearances and maintain a nominal value of shares to deluded shareholders, the staff of paid directors, manager or secretary are kept up, calls made to pay these and workings, in assumed furtherance of the much eulogised prospects, only to result in ultimate disaster and ruin to the call- paying gulls when the baseless fabric— built up by Yankee or other sharp practice promoters, and held together by names of prominent citizens or members of Parliament, who for the use of their names have accepted bribes of paid-up shares — collapses, as such it inevitably must in the long run, ignominiously. 