A USEFUL FENCE. Sib,— As this country is so liable in summer te be devastated by bushflres, it seems strange thab so little has been done towards securing a olass of fence which shall bo indejtruobiblo by_ the devouring element. The experience in thia direction of a gentleman of Townsville— Mr, Henry Butler— who is well- known to many Queens landora in Perth, in utilising the agave plant, may to Western Australians prove highly useful ^nd interesting, on tho score both of tho value of the plant ao a fibre and for ita quality for the resistance of fire and tho ravages of inaeob life, Mr, Butler saya that for twenty years ho had been on the lookout for some material or plant to fence with, impervious alike to the effects of fire, droughts, or white ants. About fifteen yearo ago he came acroaa au agave plant lying above high-water mark at the mouth of Itesb Creek on tho mainland, and ib immediately atruok him as boing most suitable for his purposu. How tho plant came there is a mystery, ond Mr. Butler can only assume that ib had been introdu ced about twenty yeara ago, possibly by the cotton planters on Rosa Island. Any way ho took cars of the plaub, and has uow a fence which is impregnable to cattle, pigs, or goats, stands fire and drought, and has been in exiatenco for the lasb ten yeara. Mr. Butlor's method of fencing is to plough a ridge along the lino of fencing and bo pub in tho young plants at disbancoa of 2ft. apart. Nothing more need bo done till tho second year, about which time the fence of plants will be about 2 ft, hi$b, Ho then crinis 011 witii a auarp mine or spaao an Bide ahooto } m fact thia should bo done iu any case every year. Abuut tho third year the plants commence to Bond up a pole, which must be cut off, otherwise when the pole haa seeded the plant would dio and leave a gap in the fenco. During the fourth year tho plant fenco will bo about 6ft, high and 4ft, wide, but ib can bo trimmed to a narrower width if neceeaary, aud tho trimmings uood for fibre production. The fonoe will now bo both ornamental and, as Mr. Butler saya, proof agaioijt everything ; no cattle will try ib, horaea give ib a wide berth, aud goata dare nob look at ib j ib is flue proof and white ant proof, and lasto for over without repair, From ' Boro Polo's ' description of tho aioal horap plant in tho Queenslander in Muj/ laofc year, Mr. Butler is of opinion thab his plant ia tho Ayave sisilana ; it is coitaiuly one of tho A gave family, and if faund nob to be an A, Bibiluua, is nevertheless equally valuable for tho purpose for which he uaos ib. ilia plauta are growing ou beach sand, aud very poor ab thab, which speaks wonders for tho vital ity and hardiness of tho agave, of whoao seed it may prove worth tho whilo of some body hero to obtain a supply. AMATEUR. 