Windsor Borough Gounoil Present : The Mayor, Aid. Primrose, Ward, Simon, Dunstan, and Mortley. CORRESPONDENCE. From Works Department, stating that the sum of £70 had been granted for McQuade and River Parks. Received. PETITION. Aid Mortley presented a petition from residents of the south-end pf Macquarie street, in which they prayed that that por tion of the street in question should be cleared of ti-tree, as in case of bush-fires taking place, its existence would endanger their properties. He moved that the mat ter be referred to a special committee, con sisting of the Mayor, Aid Primrose, *,nd the mover, to be reported on at next meeting. Seconded by Aid Dunstan, and carried. CORRESPONDENCE. From Department of Lands, stating that the request that portion of Ham Common be set apart as flood refuge, &c;, would re ceive consideration. The Mayor said that he had omitted to bring down a letter from the Departmênt of Works, stating that it was intended to improve George-street in the beginning of the year. Aid Primrose said he thought that the Member for the District should be written to stating that the street was in a most disgraceful state, and urging him to See that the work was commenced forthwith. He moved that a deputation wait on the Minister for Words, expecting those gentleman to go who could. Carried. ACCOUNTS. Several accounts were presented, abd referred to the Finance Committee. REPORTS. The Finance Committee's report recom mended the payment of several accounts. Adopted. Aid Ward presented a report from the Works Committee, in which it was stated that the forming and gravelling of Giebe-st had been completed at a cost of £67 8s lld ; they had expended sums of £11 16s 2d and £21 18s in gravelling streets and cleaning gutters ; £4 19s had been expended In altering kerbing and guttering, Johnstoh sfcreet; £1 2s was ip%nt in tépaíring dram through Mr. J. Chandler's yard, George-st, and £10 Os lOd, expended throughout the Borough cutting down weeds, repairing cul verts, and doing other work where needed. MINUTE FROM THE MAYOR. To consider the appointment of a valuer. Aid Simon moved that tenners be called for one person to act in conjunction with tbe Council Clerk. Aid Ward seconded. Carried. QUESTIONS Aid Mortley asked whether anything had been done to the entrance to Mr. Chaselings premises. The answer was in the affir mative. Aid Mortley said the entrance to Mr. Galloway's premises was dangerous. The Works-committee should attend to the matter. MOTIONS. Aid Primrose moved, " That the sum of £15 be granted to reconstruct drain at in tersection of Brabyn and George-streets, as per plan and specification, to be appro ved of by the Council/' Aid Mortley seconded pirn forma, but as their funds were low, he thought it would be better to Wait until the begin ing of the new municipal year. The work would have to be done. Aid Simon would vote for the work if it cost ¿"30. He would like to know, however, what they could do for £15. Aid Dunstan thought the Council should meet on the spot and see exactly what was to be done. Aid Ward thought there would have to be two drains. There was some talk of a subway, and if they got it, the drain would be useless. Aid Primrose did not desire to press the matter before the new Council met. The work could be well done for ¿"15. A lot of discussion took place on the matter, and the motion was carried. MISCELLANEOUS. Aid Mortley called attention to an item in the Works-committee's report, stating that £21 had been expended in clearing gutters. This amount was not granted by the Council, and was illegally spent. There was another item, ¿io os iod, which was expended in cutting down weeds, and which was not authorized. Aid Primrose said that the expenditure incurred in clearing gutters was author ized, as the Council had agreed to have the work done by day labour. Aid Mortley : Yes, for three months. Aid Primrose said that the work Was absolutely necessary. Aid Ward said that the work was done better and cheaper by day labour than under contract. Aid Simon complained that the em ployee who had to pick out the 600 feet of timber at O'Hara's charged one day's wages for the work. Another item in the Works Committee's report was one day's wages set down for an employee for ?« making a mallet." The thing was absurd. Money could be expended to better advantage. Aid Primrose said that Aid Simon should have made his remarks as a I member of the Finance-committee, in I the finance-committee's report. Aid Simon said the Council-clerk had informed him that the overseer-of-works had done many other things besides making the mallet in one day* The Council-cierk laid that it would take a sheet of foplscap tp hold a record of the overseer-^f*works' time. The Mayor said that he was to blame in connection with the timber, as he thought he was getting the timber cheap for the Council, but he did not think of the charge of 7/4 for pjckiûg it out. Aid Mortley said he did not think the discussion was fair, in the absence of the employee concerned. The man should be given fair play. Aid Primrose urged that he should be called on for an explanation, so that he might have an opportunity of defending himself. Aid Mortley objected to an attack being triarle tfpon the overseer, who should not be condemned unheard. Thelrmtter then/dropped. TftE MVO^SHIP. ^ I Tte Mayor said jftiat the Council would shortly have an opportunity of electing a new Mayor, and he would not again be a candidate, as kV was opposed to one Alderman ooupyingthe chair for metre than a year at a time. He thanked his brother Ajtí^0gr^|brtóe assistance they had given mm ¿wnngnis year of office. AN ENCROACHMENT. ^ Aid Primrose referred to an encroach ment, in the shape of a fence, which ex isted on his property at Fitzgerald-street, and expressed his willingness to allow the fence tb be put back to the proper alignment. It was agreed that tifefposts and rails should be moved back, and re-erected at the Council's expense. 