BUSHFIRE AT GUNBOWER AND COHUNA Our Kerang correspondent in amplifying his telegraphic report of yesterday writes:- On Saturday last a bush fire of great magnitude broke out at Gunbower West, and extended to south Macorna and Cohuna, covering altogether fully 50 square miles of settled country. To give an idea,of this country it is necessary to state that it consists of an old box forest, with a few hundred acres of mallee. The timber had been all rung, and was as dry as tinder, and owing to an abundance of grass being general and a number of timber fences,the fire raged with the greatest fury before the high winds that, prevailed. The fire continued on all through Christinas Day and night, and the flames were visible from Kerang, a distance of 25 to 30 miles. A large number of willing hands turned out to try and subdue, the Fire fiend, but in many instances were only able to save their own lives by plunging into the Irrigation channels of the Cohuna Trust whilst, the fire swept over, and there is little doubt that the channels were 'the means of saving a number from being literally roasted alive. Owing to the precautions previously taken by, the residents within this forest of clearing the land immediately round their houses and the traffic which kept down the grass, the dwelling houses were saved, although the barns, sheds and stables of a number were burned to the ground. In most of these latter instances the roofs were of straw, and were ignited by flying embers. The residents relied principally upon dairying in this neighborhood, and had built amongst themselves a butter factory and creamery which was also destroyed, and it was with great difficulty that the cattle were saved. It has been rumored that one farmer,, a Mr. Wood, had 800 sheep roasted, but this has riot been confirmed, although it, very likely to be true for no sheep could.travel, any distance as fast as the flames travelled with the wind. The principal sufferers were: Messrs. Olives (3), 960 acres of grass and fencing; Fyfe's (3) 960 acres, four stacks,contain ing 500 bags wheat, sheds, harness, machinery and tools and fencing; J. Strachan, 300 acres of grass, 30 acres of crop, 10 tons hay, 2 miles of fencing; Daniel Maxwell, 320 acres grass and fencing;, A. Smith, jun., and A.Smtih.sen: 640 acres grass and all fencing; Pellegrove, 320 acres grass and 20 bags wheat; Woodman (2), 600 acres grass, sheds, harness, cart and a lot of wheat, about 200 bags; G. Fleming, 300 acres grass and fencing; T. E. Wood, the fencing and grass of 960 acres of land; James Grant, fencing, grass, house and everything including his crop; Penberthy, 900 acres of grass and fencing; Masterton; 300 acres of grass. At this point the fire crossed the Barr Creek and ex tended to Mr. J. Garden's land, where, owing to the scarcity of grass, the flames were ex-, tinguished. From Masterton's it reached Mr. David Syme's property and burnt 900 acres of grass, and then made to wards the Cohuna township, which was threatened with complete destruction; and but for the way the people worked, it must have been demolished; and the fire from that point would probably have got into another forest of, greater magnitude than the first, and have ruined that district. The greatest sympathy, is expressed on all sides for the sufferers; and it is intended to ask the Lands department to forego the rent on the Gunbower common for this sea son with a view to allow those who have had their grass destroyed by the fire to depasture their dairy cattle upon it free of charge, until the grass grows again upon their own land, and.they have time to re-fence it. Owing to the distance of the common from the scene of the. fire, those parties having dairy cattle will have to relin quish milking them as they could not be travelled so far and keep in milking. 