LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4TH. The SPEAKER took the Chair at 7.30 p.m. FREMANTLE HARBOUR WORKS. Mr. MOLLOY moved: "That in the opinion of the House no further advice from Sir John Coode was needed, and that the Ministry should net farther obtain advice from that gentleman in relation to Harbour Works at Fremantle." In moving the reso- lution, he would merely say they had had for several years the reports from this eminent gentleman, and it had been generally ad- mitted that his reports were very contradic- tory. He thought it would only hinder the, settlement of this subjeet and delay the con- clusion of the matter if any further reference was made to Sir John Coode/ i The COLONIAL TREASURER said he thought it was hardly necessary for him to urge upon hon. members not to vote for the motion. It seemed to him that instead of consulting Sir John Cood«, they would, if they passed this motion, be insulting him* He did not think anything Sir John Coode had done in this colony deserved from them any such treatment. Whatever they might say would not affect him in his profession, .because they all knew he had reached the summit of his fame as a marine engineer. The' opinion they all most have, especially those who had seen that gentleman and read his reports, waa that he was a high-minded} conscientious and able man, and whatever his opinions might be, whether they agreed witu him or not, they would not find anyone amongst all the engineers of the world who would say anything disparaging of him. They might net agree with him, but they also knew it would be unbecoming to dis- parage the, reputation of a man who had attained snob signal success throughout the empire. They had seen the report of the select committee on the harbour workB, and it would then be for the'Executive Govern- ment to carry out the works agreed to by the House, and if it was necessary to consult Sir John Coede, or any other eminent maa', before committing the country to a large expenditure, the Executive Government would do so. At any rate, it could not be of interest to the Assembly, at this stage, that such a motion should be passed prohibiting the employment of any person, especially when, that person had reaohed aueh a summit in his profession. He thought ¿he best plan would be to leave the matter te the respon- sible Ministers. Mr. BICHABDSON considered the motion was a decided reflection on the intelligence of the' select committee. Mr. RANDELL said he would oppose the resolution as. unnecessary and unjustifiable. Sir John Coode had been consulted hitherto, and they would be moving-in a wrong direc- tion if they prevented the Ministry from obtaining the best .opinions as they were re- quired. He had the opinion that in their present Engineer ,ihey. had a man [worthy of consideration, but it would "be a serious matter to limit the'Ministry as to the opinions to be obtained.. That .would be an improper interference with* the functions of the Ministry. - - ''< "<?>'". o-'-" »?> .-' ! . '- -j Mr. MOLLOY .stated that he said nothing ia disparagement'of the'eminent authority; who was at the head, of his profession. (The COLONIAL TREASURER :l The motion does.) He only moved in this direction, because the country had paid a' considerable ameunt in obtaining the opinion of this, great authority, and on his recommendation .the Ministry had propounded a scheme 6t harbour works at; Owen Anchorage. That had been abandoned,' and a select committee ' was now at work, while the1. House had distinctly | shown that the direction of the harbour, works should take was that of the river1, sóbeme. This motion of his was not ef a: disparaging nature, but it was merely to con-j fine the Government to consúltieg the practi- cal opinions ef the local authorities, whosel opinions were as good as those situated at a ! distance.' The matter, had been referred to a; select committee, because it was shown that; the Government could not carry the scheme' it brought forward.' ' THE COLONIAL HOSPITAL. j v Mr. MOLLOY in.moving that a commis- sion ho appointed1 toittvestignte the working of the .Colonial HbspitaPfnd'to report there- on; to call for su'ebVevideaoe and papers así they might tbink-fit, -and tosuggost improve ments should they think improvements nsoes sary,-said that for » considerable time past discussion had been going on in connection with this subject, and had become more pro nounoed in respect to " some oomplaiuts made by oertain nurses. Ho was not mov- ing in this', matte« in -, consequence of these i, complaints, but bo thought1 without any 'reflection > upon the control' of this Department, it would be1 evident-to hon. members that some improvement in the accommodation- was necessary. - He would not speak disparagingly of the medical officer haying control of the Department, whom he regarded as a thoroughly efficient officer, and the most competent authority in his profes- sion in thisloolony.\ ItJiaa needless for him to take up the time/of hon. members by dwelling upon rthis'subjeotu' Ithadjbeen mentioned ¡io him by persons >out*ide> that they-rhjM suffered mnW'from< the want of oonTenienefrona' had been? crippled for life owing to'the lack of the" attention they needed. Whether the necessity of these improvements bad hoon brought te the ' notice of-the- prmcipaHnedieai- offioers ho was unable to say, ¿qat ona instance had some under his (Mr. Molloy'*) notioe where an un- fortunate mu who/had. boon'token to the Hospital, Buffering:' from a. broken leg, was crippled for life, and would bo an eneumber ance upon the State, owing fcrthe negligence of the persono r who should have attended to him., r . - \- Mr. CANNING, ia seconding the motion, said «O neither expressed nor implied one smgle word of amparagément upon the prin- cipal modioal officer,1 but it seemed to him the accommodation was insufficient. Ii was, however, a matter entirely beyond the con- trol of that officer, audit rested with the House to provide it, and with the Govern ment to see that their wishes were oarrieJL, QThe ATTORNEr^i&ERALTSaiditi; within the recollection of some hon^ausnlj thai one or two Commissions of Inquiry been appointed some .years ago, indçbu 'âS& not see what purpose would be *e&k;&hj;^ .another.-The. Government was now^éflsider ing'the introduction of a Bill to plaea tho Hospital upon the same footing as the hospitals elsewhere. If this could be man- aged aa-the Government- hoped it would be, action of the kind he has], indicated^would be that whioh1 tiie Government would take.' He thought he had mentioned this before this session. Upon the Bstimates~now~before the House the Government hadtplaced a sum ofj .£5,000 for-an additional _wiag to the Hospi- tal, and there was still an unexpended balance of ¿1,300 from the lean moneys fair the Hos- pital, so that they would have, if the House granted the ¿5,000, ¿6,300 available to in- crease the accommodation of the Hospital. He thought the Government was doing all, that was advisable in this direction, and be could not believe any more light wonld be thrown upon the matter by the appointment of a commission. After some remarks from Mr. Quinlan, Mr. MOLLOY said he was unaware before the Attorney General spoke that there was the sum ef ¿5000 in the Estimates, and after hearing what the koa. gentleman said he wonld by leave, withdraw his resolution. The motion was, by leave, withdrawn. BUSHFIBSS. Mr. HARPER in moving that in the opinion of this House further legislation was required for the purpose of reducing the! dangers incurred by farmers and others from, bush-fires said he need not remind hon.i members that the loss by bush-fires every year, was very serions to the community. Although: they had an Act-npon'the-statutebook -deal-| ing with the subject experience told them it had not had "the effect which was desired., Since it waspassedj* pew sonrce of danger had arisen by means of fires occurring from travelling engines which in some oases were very serious. Another source of danger was the ignition of dangerous matches, and he thought it was time some steps were taken to see whether it was not possible to prevent the loss, occurring from this cause. He would suggest 0that ' the best means of arriving at some idea how to carry -'out the resolution would be to' cenenit the authorities of tbe( districts, such as the Bonds Boards, the, Agricultural Societies, who were,keenly alive' to the importance of the subject. Mr. PIESSE seconded the motion whioh he thought was a desirable one. The recur-, renoe of these -fires in the country districts during the past year had been a very serious' matter, owing, to tho distance they had spread, and the difficulty of staying their] progress. He hoped that during the recess the Government would itake some action in the matter. Mr. TBAYLEN supported the motion, and* quoted extracts from a letter he had received! shewing the large-number of fires caused by¡ railway engines. He suggested that this damage should be minimised by the use of spark-catchers, and that it should be com- pulsory to burn coal instead of wood. Mr. CLARKSON supported the motion, and urged that it would be well to prohibit | the importation of any but safety matches.* He said that no fires were caused in Toodyay, by the engines. , Mr. THROSSELL also supported the1 motioH. The COMMISSIONER of CROWN LANDS,' said it was strange that no suggestion had! been made by any of the publio bodies named | to the Government as to what line of action* it should take. If it was, as he thought it| was, sush an important question, it was re-, markable that no suggestions had been re-; oeived from those public bodies. The Com-j missioner of Railways would only be toa glad to receive suggestions from any one as to the means of preventing fires from being caused by the engines travelling through the country. He was not hostile to the motion but merely wished to show that the Govern- ment was anxious to receive information aa> to the best method of preventing bush fires. The COMMISSIONER OF RAILWAYS* said that every possible precaution had been1 taken to prevent bush fires from engines, and it was a compliment to the Government thati | none of these publie bodies had thought it, necessarw to make any suggestion to the,; Government. Every engine that left the, workshops was provided with a spark arrester,, and he was sure no fire had been caused from! the chimney of the engine, although it was possible that there may have been droppings, from the ash-pan. He did.not rthink any fires had been caused, by, this however, as, ] the permanent way men had been instructed' to take- every precaution to^.prevent these fires. Mr. Clarkson had^she^n that these! precautions had been observed in the Toodyay, district, and that district was not singular J Mr. TRAYLEN said he not only referred to Government engines^but the ' engines of, | private companies. ! Mr. RANDELL" reminded the House that j some years ago a Dangerous Matches Act had boen passed; which had boen repealed. < He thought there were some difficulties in I the wayiof passing such <an ' Aot, especially with regard to defining the kind of matches to bo used, and that it would inflict a «nat deal of hardship upon a large number of ¡I people. , .?<?-', Mr. HABPEB replied briefly, saying that fires oansed by the ceâgHies of private oom anie8, the oommon law provided sufficient remedy for those who_suffered damage by saoh fires. He, therefore* thought BO fur- ther legislation was nacesaary./He thought it would be well*if ¿the'Government would inquire whether it was possible for the farmers to consent td~legislatioa imposing! upon them, in the way of clearing or plough- ing round their bouudaiies.whieh.wjouldtend greatly to prevent bus^-fires from spreading as they did. He doubted, however, whether they would be walling, as if they were share was ne need for them to wait' for legislation j on the subject. o- > T The motion was agreed to. Mr. PATERSON said-that ha lived near a railway owned by- private,1 people and he was constantly suffering from fires. He thought provision should be; also made against such fires, at the same time as they were legislat- ing for the prevention ef fires on Government lines. < Mr. RICHARDSON 'contended that not only on the Government Railways but on private lines it ought to be made compulsory to carry a spark catcher. He thought that it was a difficult matter to find out who caused the fires, and they would wanta whole court of polieemen to find the offender. He oonsideted that it was time to have legisla- tion on the subject. j The ATTORNEY GENERAL after re- ferring to the debate en the repeal of the old Aotaome time-ago, said that fires were fre quentiy occasioned by til« oareleasneas, of people smoking in thë~bush. , He did not think that the eountry would prohibit the introduction of shit particular kind of mateo, in fact he eonaideréá ¿fcejr oouldaoc prohibit its introduction. With regard to til» spark oatehers it was the rale on their railways to carry them.and he did not think t&a;« anything they did wonld prevent bush 1res. \- The motion was agseid to. m WEST AUSTRALIAN TURF CLUR BILL. BtR was considors^^i committee and "'""' ameajfosjps. The Bill wajj House;jand its consideration? _, B-oSoer of the day for the following^ dayi^l - tk }'{'")/ * HANSARD REPORTING. , J? \- The COLONIAL TREA8URE&Lmovod-;^ " That the question of reportiag the debates, the editing and printing of Hansard, and the control and agpmintandenee of-tho-repertiag staff, be referred to the Joint Standing Orders Commit^Wboth Rouses', .with the view of their making; such suggestions as they may deem advisable to* place the Hansard report- ing on a satisfactory footing." He said that the motion spoke.for itself, and it was desir- able that the question of reporting of Hansard and all matters connected with it should be referred to the joint committee. At present the reporting was under the control of the Government, but he thought it would be better if it wasplaeed under the oontrol of the Speaker and President. The motion was agreed to. PATENT BILL AMENDMENT ACT. This Bill was read a third time and' ABORIGINES PROTECTION ACT AMENDMENT BILL. The committees' report was adopted, and the third reading made an order of the day for the following day. THE ESTIMATES. In committee (Adjourned Dábate). Mr. TE AYLEN, while thanking the Minis try for their consideration of Perth and the varions munoipalities, was afraid some of the country municipalities would suffer under, the new subsidy; He hoped it would be found possible to give them something more than 10s. in the <£ for the upkeep of the roads that run-through, the towns. He approved of the appointment of Sir William Robinson as Agent General, but would not agree to a five years appointment, as he considered that an Agent General should be in touch with the colony, which he could not be, if absent from the colony go long. He would ask if there Were any commissions allowed to tho Agent, .General that would; make up his salary tó\£400Q. (The.CoL , ONiAL TREASURER: NO, NO.) He approved of the extra salaries to" Ministers, 'owing to the special training they had undergone to' fit them for the, positions, they occupied. However, he hoped the Ministry would bring i in an amend meat to the Constitution Act to, make it lawful for them to vote the extra salary. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that his remarks would be directed to those non., members who did net enter into the chorus of congratulation whioh the Ministry had been accorded. The hon. member, Mr. Canning, in speaking on this subject, set himself the task of showing that the Govern- ment had spent too much money. He did not think that the hon. member arrived at that conclusion from perusing the estimates,, because he made the assertion some time ago, when he charged the Government with lavish and reckless expenditure. That was; before he knew anything about the expendí-, ture that had taken place and was about to, take place this year. He quoted from the bon. member's speeeh in reply to the remarks of the Colonial Treasurer. The hon. member, to get out of the difficulty, mentioned as one ( item of lavish expenditure, the delegation to Sydney. He would remind the House that' the Government'brought forward last session« a serious of resolutions and one of them was to send seven members to the Conference at Sydney, and no objection was made by the members of the House. The hon. member, on that occasion, gave them the benefit of a, speeoh, occupying two columns and a half of Hansard and be in no way objected then to this lavish expenditure. What grounds had he now of objecting when he had the chance) of doing so, last year, to the extent of 2£ columns. Again, he said that the census was another item of lavish expenditure. The House voted a certain sum for the census returns, and no objeetion was taken. The expenditure was 9±d. per head of the population in West Australia, while in Queensland it was Is. up to the present, and the returns of the cost in Queensland were not complete, owing to the printing not being finished, and that being a big item, the probabilities were that the Is. would be -exceeded. Under those cir- cumstances he di3~not think they could say that ia this scattered country the Census ex- penses were items of lavish expenditure. If the bon. member had sat quietly and taken the rebuke administered to him by the Pre- mier for uttering extravagant charges he wonld have done mnoh better than in trying to bolster up charges _of lavish expenditure against the Government. The next item he complained about was the Katoomba enter- tainment, and he was rather astonished at this knowing the manner in whieh the hen. member's presence was sought at gatherings of this description. (Laughter.) (Mr. CAN ,NINO : I declined the invitation.) That was an occasion when hospitality was required, and the expenditure was not lavish. The last item quoted by the hon. mem- ber j was the expenses ninourred at the Inauguration of Responsible ^'Government i in October, 1889, but ho could not;say mtteh about that because the-cresent Government ' were not in office. (Mr. CANNING: I mean the anniversary.) When an attempt was mads"to oriticisa the -Government for lavish expenditure, it was generally an occasion when one bon. member should show that there was an excess op the vote. He had never yet heard of an attack being made on a Government when they showed au expendi- ture of ¿Í0.000 less {baa Parliament had voted to them. This was. an occasion when the orying wants of the country should be attended tor then what would have been said if with ¿100,000 in hand, they had adopted a hoarding-up policy. The hen. member stated, that the loan might have been raised on more favourable terms if the market had been watched. What steps did the Government take to watch the market ? The Government sent to England the Attorney General to watch. Perhaps they did not send the best man. (Yes, yes.) When he went abont he was told not to open his month about a loan. He was advised not to say a word about loans for Australia, particularly of a colony that had a very little amount of inscribed stock on the market. He wonld have liked to hear -the hon. member saying before a Loadon audience that the market should have been watched. It was with the greatest difficulty he induced their financial agents to attempt sueh a small amount as ¿250,000, and it was even more difficult to get them to place the money on the market at par. The loan obtained a premium of 10s. lOd. Some considered it was not a success, buta failure altogether. The opinion in London., was that they had attained a success that was not anticipated, ana he was informed that had itnot been that a few days previously » telegram eame from Vic- toria announcing a large deficit in «heir finances, the tender» Would have been higher. The bon. member then defended the notion of the Government in dealing with the London and Westminster Bank. With regard to Ministers' salaries *nd the hearing of the Constitution Act upon it was oorreot, that tile 69th seotion of the Act was so worded that it would be necessary for the Govern- ment to introdaóe -a-BUl to five effect to the increase of thsfsv. salaries. He was inclined te think that iB^d his attention been drawn to this section before, the Government would not have taken, the trouble ..to ask an ^increase in the Mipis^naXsaUrieu if it in ffvolved the amendment of the- Act."' vAs hon. members were aware, it was intended to «mond the Act for another purpose. The 'Government proposed to insert the amond mentfin the Bill when it was intro ¿need, and to ask the House for toe vote for this year. He did not agree with the bon. member that such an amendment would necessitate a dissolution of the House. He also dis- agreed with him concerning the desira- bility of a large immigration scheme, and pointed out that when the subject was debated the previous session, most members were opposed to sash a soheme. He (the Attorney General) dwelt at some length upon the difficulties in the way of obtaining the snitable class of immigrant, and stated that, the Government had been able to obtain only from 50 to 70 men of the kind required, and who would shortly be leaving London for thiB colony. He next dealt with the remarks of Mr. Canning and Molloy on the subject of the imports and exports of the colony, and denied that the excess of the first-named over the latter need give canse for alarm. He pointed out that the imports were not paid' for with coin, but the imports and exports formed practically a, system, ,«1 barter, the goods imported being paid for with the goods exported. ¿Mr. CANNING replied at considerable length. After a short explanation from Mr. Molloy, The COLONIAL' TREASURER thanked hon. members for the general support tbey had given to the,Government on its financial policy,~and 4hen, without dealing with the arguments pat forward by Mr. Canning, he criticised the position of the hon. member in the House, speaking of him as one who represented only himself, and who bad no following. He referred to the fact that a few minutes before the House bad been counted out as arising out of the disinclina- tion of the House to listen to tbe hon. mem- ber, and warned him that if he persisted in the course he had adopted, the toleration of members would come to an end, and the House be counted out upon many occasions. Mr. CANNING replied, accusing the Colonial Treasurer of having committed an* outrage upon Parliamentary rights and pro- cedure in " daring " to say the House would be counted out. Mr. SIMPSON, after he had been interrupted by Mr. Canning and Mr. Molloy upon peints- of order, proceeded to criticise the course pursued by the first named gentleman, and amid frequent ejacu- lations from Mr. Canning and Mr. Molloy, complained bitterly of the waste of time which was being occasioned by the protrac- ted, length of the debate. Progress was reported and leave given to sit again on Monday week. ADJOURNMENT. The Honse adjourned at 11.30 p.m., till 2.30 p.m. the following day. 