A TOUR Iff THE VICTORIAN ALPS. * • • (By " Astir.") No." 1. RAILWAY JOURNEY TO BRIGHT. Having boarded the Sjyhiey. express at 4.55 p.m. at Spencer-street on Saturday, the 2nd of January, we reached Bright at 12 mid night. Our party consisted of three repre sentatives of Ballarat, Melbourne, and Bendigo respectively. Our train leaves the express at Wangaratta, the Beechworth and Bright trains being coupled and drawn by the one engine therefrom to Everton, where we begin to recognise the special sweetness and coolness of the mountain air. It is now 10 p.m., we are 101 miles from the Metropolis and 780 feet above sea level, but by the time Bright is reached, 35 miles further on, our height will be 1,002 feet at a distance (by rail) of 196 miles from Melbourne. Bendigo is not so high as Everton, bei::g only 758 feet above sea level, while Ballarat—1,415 feet is higher than Bright, 1,002 feet. At Myrtleford station some slight delay being necessary, we have an opportunity of faking a much- needed wall: to aid circulation, for the atmosphere is tolerably cold and from the station platform the clear night enables us to gain a glimpse of the hills enclosing the basin of the Ovens, along which the railway runs, constantly ascending, as shown by the above figures. Bright is rcached to time, the irrepressible " cabby " is there, keen for custom as in' great centres, but more reasonable. He driver, us to the Alpine Hotel, kept by Mr. John M'Farlane, formerly captain of the s.s. Australian. But of him and his hostelry much may be written, and better written, too, after a good night's rest followed by a faithful breakfast. Our party was joined at NVangaratta by Mr. Cooper, manager of the Bank of A ustrnlasia, at Albury, who inspectjraoveral of the minor branches in this distrnM?a\ict was cn route to Bright on similar business bent. Being the sou of a pioneer squatter of New England, and possessed of keen intelligence aided by n good memory, this gentleman . discusscd various topics' and recounted incidents of early-settlement at his mountain home that tended greatly to onliven the eighth and last hour of that lengthened railway journey. Day passengers proceeding to Bright can, soon after leaving Myrtleford, observo to the right of the lino the Buffalo raising his solid granite body, and shortly before reach ing Porepunkah a glimpse of tha Eurobin and Buffalo Falls will be obtained. Here also in January and February the hop gardens attract notice. Further ahead Mount" Feathertop may be viewed to the right. The line crosses the Ovens wichin a mile of Bright station, whence, on stepping on to the platform, the traveller is rewarded for his weary waiting by a magnificent visw of Mount Bogong, said to be the highest in the colony (6,500 feet) and snow-clad from June till November. BRIGHT. A very pretty township, closely hemmed in by hills reaching 2,500 feet, neir the township, and affording splendid from their summits. The streets are profusely planted with English trees, and bear a cool, pleasant, park-like appearance. The climate is comparatively cool, the more so after four or five p.m.,. the heat lasting only a few hours per day. Occasionally only does tl\e town itself receive snow, but it often wit nesses other parts being allowed during the winter months. Thoie are good hotels and boarding-houses. Our host Captain J. M'Farlane and family were ever kind and , desirous to aid us in our researches fur the sights of the surrounding district. The town possesses accommodation various, viz:— Business-houses, post and telegraph oflice, court-house, State school, four churches, two banks, a brewery. Our Baljarat com rade, being a regular man, insisted on our attending divip,e service on tlio Sabbath morn. And, in, return, we exacted a promise that he would accompany us to the brewery on an appointed day of the next week. Good bathing may be cbcained in the Ovens River within ten minutes' walk of the Various hotels. Some of the following places, within walking distance of the town, arc worthy the tourist's attention. "THE GAP " furnishes an excellent view of Mount Bogong. " The Clear Spot " affords a beautiful view of Bright, "The Ovens,"The Hump," and "The Horn," the two latter being the highest points of the Buffalo Range. The whole Alpine Range is in full view, part of Kosciusko is seen away to the left, then Bogong, Feathertop, Hotham (Baldy), Blow hard, St. Bernard, The Twins, and with a good glass one may see Old Bill Boustead's (the St. Bernard Hospice), situated on the Bright to Omeo road at at elevation of 5,03'J fee1- above sea level and snow-bound in winter. . Though often snow-cuvercd in winter, "The Clear Spot" affords on a dear day one of the finest views of successive snow-cla.l hills obtainable in Australia. EUROBIN FALLS ON EUROBIN CREEK. One' of the first questions asked of the new arrivals in Bright is, "Have you seen Eurobin Falls ? " which have been described as "a scene of beauty which no tourist should miss," and lie who would disagree with the writer thereof would needs be a captious critic, for even with the present prevailing scarcity of water consequent upon the flight rains and snowfall of the past season, it is acknowledged by experienced tourists to be one of the most varied and striking views of Australian scenery, sur passing :in most respects the much-praised falls of Mount Wellington, near Hobart. The former falls are about ten miles distant from Bright, a good vehicular road reaching within a few minutes walk of the spot, while horsemen can ride to the waff's brink. Tobaccj-gardens fringe the track, and the ever-ubiquitous bun^y has asserted his claim to an yndue share of the neighboring lands; never in any place, save the mallee, have I seen them in such numbers and so regardless of passers-by. The track to the Falls is indicated by blazes on the trees—-the blaze adopted by the Alpine Tourists' Club, of ; which the local medico, Dr. - iiijivisou^ is the ever attentive and cou^tepiis secretary—con sisting of a slice tal»en out of the bark of each side of the treo with a cross cut in the centre between the two. cuts,. Immediately on | {faying the conveyance at tho camping j ground the whitish, foam-like oblique surface j of rock and water surface appears in view. The Lady's Bath—forming the receptacle for the water issuing from the lowest fall—is most appropriately named, save the word "cold" might well form the thud the title. Herefrom we ascend in the right of ' the cascade, a rough vii'nb, across irregular rock and stuuteA scrub with an occasional trip <ir s(ip past a series of falls, the water hero and there falling into bowl shaped cavi ties in the rocky surface and often re-issuing from fissures apparent only on the most minute' examination. Wo venturo out on this ma3sive rocky slope ta obtain water for " weakening" purposes and our Shoppce subjegt fsljs, alas I and breaks the glass. Fovunmtely, friend Buckley, our pilot from Bright; substitutes - his crystal for the lost one, and we toast "The Falls" and "India' rubber shoes for climbing slippery granite." At tho foot of the second cascade is a vast cave, at times as now, thoroughly dry ,and always intensely eold. Having partaken of a luncheon, provided by Mr. Buckley's kind lady friends at the camping ground, we re-i turned to Bright. MOUNT BUFFALO possesses scenery among tho grandest, wildest, and most unique of any on tliQ Australian Continent. Its great bare wall of rock rising above the thickly wooded spur3 adjacent to it sugge^s a thrilling grandeur, only to bo \uiwised on reaching its summit. 'Viio range rises abruptly from the valley of Buckland River, on tho east side, ftbout 4,500 feet; but the ascent is ffiado on the western side, and a c^nij'-ewnc guide is all essential for the safety and enjoyment of the party. We left Brighton horseback at eight a.m. on Tuesday, with the intention of camp ing a night on the heights and returning next day. Having been joined' at Pore punkah by our careful guide (Mr. W. H. Weston), we roclo on for two hours to the foot of tho track. Tho little bay cob carries 011 the pack our food, cooking utensils, bedding, and beverages, also tho temporary houso and calico tent. We now begin a two hours'hard tug alike for man andbeast, ascend ing for two or three hours by "Staker's Track," so called in honor of Mr. W. A. Stakcr, the vocally giticd commercial traveller, who has c\onp so much to popularise the scenery of these regions. Tho first steep pinch ascended, wo niov-e along tho summit of a saddU\ tho fringeof which grow messmate wd bracken, the ail' cooling und the view improving as n't; i;o oni.v;:r,i; u>'.v reach a granite outcrop in a vaiL-y conuinmg a solid rock hollowed on the toji, thus form ing a water basin, where wo rufresih our horses anil party. Hero grow wild hr>p plants and the v.hito gumtree. CIo3e 5>y tho track in tlio undergrowth arc some bum1:;, the broken slulelon of a horse shot by Power, the bushranger (so our guide informs us) when haunting these wilds many years ago. The desperado stuck up the Becch worth to Bright coach near a cutting called "The Gap," and the ingenuity of the plan adopted was worthy a better nv.n. lie laid logs across the road on the down track and secreted himself to detect the iirosor.ee of troopers in or with the coach; satisli-u none were at hand he emerged from his haunt and called on all hands (then on the ground removing the timber) to surrender. Having purloined the needful he withdrew to the spot, named, shot his horse to deceive tho police and fled across country to the King River. On we pass over a path precij>iious, narrow, and rugged, (having b:en made by aid of explosives), still 011 wo wind with solid granite walls on our left and a deep ravine 011 our right; slowly we go 011 for safety's sake; in places the mountain ash rears its pretty stem, surmounted by well arranged foliage, and as a contrast places are visible whore hundreds of acres are covered solely by rocky surface. Soon wo reach the edge of the great morass, on the top of tho range, snow-filled in winter, now covered with tufty grass, flowers, snow-gum and heath. Jinny similar pl-.ir.s occur on tho summit, furnishing pasturage for cattle in summer months, the total area of land on top being 14,000 acres. Hereupon we seo rocks of all shapes—"The Cathedral," "The Canon" (Pulpit) etc. A house has been built here for tuurists. Across this same plain Hows a creek, which runs through THE BUFFALO GORGE, and falling out over the rocks forms The -Buffalo Falls:" This gorge is 4,500 feet above sea le'vel, ita depth to creek bed below 1,GOO feet. The water falls down COO feet and form a large flat rock in this gorge, we can see the peaks previously named, and. in addition, King Kosciusko to the left. Two other views rrmind us of the one now before us,, viz., one of " Hobart- Derwent-inouth and the south-east Coast of Tasmania " from Wellington, which is almost essentially a coastal scene, and the other of "Kauiinbla Valley," with its " Govett's Leap " in the Blue Mountains, New South Wales. On comparison we admit our present view supe rior to that of the adjacent colony, for heve we have such variety of landscape, river, mountain, gorge-meadow, forest land linely diversified and tinted by hop plantation, settlements, and the many hues of tillage, J while in the Blue Mountains the abscnce of j such variety serves to monotanize the scene • to some extent. Several toumts from tho Old World have fre°.ly averred tho advantage possessed by this scene in having a fertil® valley in the foreground. With, much regret we now leave the gorge and traverse several level plains and bogfiy creeks, where my strong horse sinks Wider his heavy weight, then ascend a gentle slope (after four miles ride) out on the main high level plains. Suddenly "The Hump" with tho "Cathedral" rock appears in view, huge irregular masses of granite on a saddle shaped ridge. The former may be scaled, not so the latter. It is now 5 p.m. Tuesday, 5th January, 1S92. During our morning ride arid mid-day climb tho air had been very sultry', and the pealing thunder warns us of an impending storm, so we soon dis mount, hobble our horses- with the stirrup straps and free them to depasture 011 the rich grassy plain for tho night. W e unroll " the pack " and pitch tent on the sheltered side of p largo rock ab tho base or "The Hump " just in time to enable us to protect ourselves and "kit"' from the pattering rain, after which the passing of the clouds between the pinnacles and our present posi tion presented a striking s-pcciacle. We soDn take our supper with " tin" accom paniments and retire to rest, but, alas '. not to sleep. We had enough clothing for ordi nary summer weather oven at that elevation, and we could not divine the cause of the intense cold. Imagine our surprise to find next morning thickly frosted grass, and ice bound water all round; of course, v/e 1 united tho night's length and rose at 3.45 a.m. to ascend "Tho Hump" and obtain a view o£ the rising sun therefrom. The ascent was severe, one of the party being forced to • forego the attempt, and, although the smoke from bush-fires partly marred the view, the sight was an imposing one. An echo is four times repeated at the base of " Tho Cathe dral," which is to the surrounding plain ■what the Melbourne Exhibition Building is to-its surroundings. How small wo seem and feel as we stand below after our descent and look at that calm mass of stony matter which yields such a charming interest to t:ie sicht-seer of all dimes and times. Vvc then toast " Thick coats and warm rugs for snow regions even"in summer," and after a good breakfast of fried bacon, served up on the knee-table system, wc mount horses to ride to the " The Horn," the highest jy>int on the Buffalo, three -miles distant; here v.e enter on the most wild and weird portion of the whole journey. Riding on in single^ file we pass through "The Valley of Bones," where owing to tho trees having been killed by Ere, their dead stems and branches have become so thoroughly bleached and smoothed by the successive snow-falls as to truly desoive the term applied. Emerging from this sorrowful looking gap we again ride over a series of plains crossed by boggy creeks, and soon reach "TheHorn," whoso peak vises 1,250 feet above the main range, which lias a general altitude of about 4,500 feet. Tying the horses to tho young trees wc walk for about lialf-an-hour and reach the much coveted summit—a sloping ledge of rock less than 1'3 feet square, 011 the top of which is a cairn, and around the top edge of which passes a wire rope through the eyes of iron needle-spikes drilled into the rock, from which there is a steep drop of a few hundred feet. Ths scenery herefrom is such as pre viously described. After a partial descent very much desired by one of the party, guide Weston loads us through "The Parlor'' to the opposite side of the peak, whore new but similar sights are obseivcd. (To be Continued.) 