DISTRICT NEWS. [From our Correspondents.] GRETA. MINEBR' SPECIAL MEETING. A special meeting was held in Page's Hall, on Tuesday evening, Mr. Jackson in the chair, and the attendance was not large. Minutes of two previous meetings were read and confirmed. A letter was received from Mr. T. Dix, General Secretary, thanking the Greta Lodge for again nominating him for the position, an stating that in all the colle ries where he is best known the same honour had been accorded him ; from same convey- ing recent decision of Delegate Board in the case of the Heber Brothers.-Correspondence receded. Report of Deputation.-The deputation sent to interview the Manager re his refusing to recognise strings on skips instead of tokens, then gave their repart. The Manager points out that dirty skips are being sent to the surface by this means, and if they chance to be weighed, the parties who sent them refused to claim the string. He desires it to be known that he is ready to pay for every skip the miners send up, but will not allow the sending up of " strings" as tokens. If a man happens to send away a skip without putting a token on it, he may have it entered to his account by going to the colliery office. The report was received as satisfac tory, after some little discussion. In the case of Morrison, suspended from work and fined in 17s for filling dirty coal, the deputation reports that the man had been again set on, and a member told the meeting that the fine hd been refunded to him. The report was adopted. A complaint was taken from the check weighman that some of the men were very careless with the tokens and and were in the habit of losing them. And the chairman advised them to be more careful in future. Mr. Connoly then read the Delegate minutes, which are as follows : A.M.A., No. 2. Distbict. Special Delegatç meeting, held at New- castle, Thursday, February l8,1892 Lodges represented :-Borehole, Wallsend, Lambton, Co-op., Glebe, Duckenfield, Barwood, Greta, W. and B. Island, Stockton, S Waratah, Northern, Hetton, W. Wollsend, N, Winning, T. Wallsend, and Burwood Extended. The District Officers-Messrs. A. Cook (Près.), in the chair, J McFadyen (TreaB.), and Thos. Dix (Sec). The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. CoBBEBPONDENOE -From George Hender- son, general secretary Southern District, re meeting in Sydney ; from D. Fairfull, tribu tor East Lambton Colliery, that they were prepared to pay district rates by weight; from W. Hutchison, secretary Cardiff Lodge, that the manager ' had agreed to pay by weight ; from John Owens, general secretary Western District, inviting representative to Demonstration ; from J. L. Peters, secretary A.M.A. Moonta (SA.), acknowledging re- ceipt of draft for £2616s, and that the strike was at an end ; from secretary N. Lambton Lodge, re putting six nhift-men on the EaBt Lambton strike roll ; from manager Greta Colliery, that he would reinstate E. J. Bow- ling ; from Secretary W. Wallsend, appealing for seven days' strike pay for James Hill ; from J. B. Burton, Secretary Chief Council, re Moonta strike, and levies paid in aid ; ftom F. W. Binney, Secretary Associated N. Col- lieries, and from manager Burwood Colliery, re deficient payment for crosscut ; from Secretary Wallsend Lodge, appealing for eight days' strike pay ; motions to re establish a Committee of Management were received from Glebe, N. Winning, and Borehole Lodges ; from Northern Lodge, re delegate having a vote at committee meetings, and paying percentage on gross earnings, and tabling a case of compensation for one Crompton -Moved, " That the correspon- dence be received and dealt with."-Carried Moved, " That the President act as General Secretary till the vacancy be filled." Carried. .-Moved, " That James Curley, not being a member of the Association, is not eligible to be a candidate for the office of General Sec- retary." Carried --Moved, " That the time for nominations for the office of General Secretary be extended to Friday, the 26th instant, and the returns to be in not later than Friday, March 4 " For : Co-operative, Glebe, Hetton, Barwood Extended, Greta, S. Waratah, W. Wallsend, W. and B Island, Stockton, Burwood, and Duckenfield,-118. Against : Borehole, Wallsend, Lambton, Northern, Y. Wallsend, and N Winning,-77. Motion carried.-Moved, " That the Presi- dent and Treasurer be empowered to engage the services of Mr. Dix, if required." Carried. -Moved, "That the application from New Lambton Lodge, to put six shiftmen on the strike roll be not allowed ;" amendment, " That the question be deferred till the delegate be present." For : Wallsend, Co-op , Northern, Hatton, Burwood Extended, Greta, Stockton, and Duckenfield-102; against, Borehole, Lambton, Glebe, Young Wallsend, South Waratah, West Wallsend, W. and B. Island, Burwood, and N. Winning-94 ; amendment carried. *Moved, "That the olaim for seven days' victim pay for James Hill, from W. Wallsend L>dge, be paid ;" carried; Greta voted against. * Moved, "That the appeal from Wallsend Lodge for eight days' strike pay, be not allowed;" amendment, " That the appeal be allowed ;" for, Wallsend and Lambton ; (»gainst, all the other lodges ; amendment lost ; motion put and carried. SroSTHEBET I0DÖE BTJBINE8S. The Chairman ruled that a delegate is not entitled to vote on local committee, unleBS he is elected a committee-man.. Be levy on gross earnings, the Chairman called attention to Bule 32. Moved-" That Crompton's case be not entertained." *Amendment-" I"i*t it be left over till the quarterly meeting, to allow investigation." For- Borehole, Walls- end, Lambton, Co-operative, Northern, South Waratah, Stockton, and Duckenfield-107, Against-Glebe, Hetton, Burwood Extended, Young Wallsend, Greta, West Wallsend, W. and B. Island, Burwood, and N. Winning-89 Amend mentcarried.-* Moved -"That in the event of those lodges which have not paid the 15 per cent, levy towards the support of the Wallsend Lodge, not paying it before the end of the present quarter, those lodges which .have paid to have the money refunded from the General Fund." Amendment-" That those lodges which have not paid the levy, be called upon to show cause why they should not be sus- pended." [Greta in favour of amendment.] For-Glebe, Northern, Burwood Extended, and Burwood. Against-All the other lodges. * Amend meat negatived. For the motion-Wallsend, Lambton, Co-operative, Hetton, Y. Wallsend, S. Waratah, W. Walls- end, W. and B. Island, and stockton-109. *Against-Borehole, Glebe, Northern, Bur- wood Estended, Greta, N. Winning, and Duckenfield. 87. Motion carried.-Moved, " That the General Secretary inform the Greta Lodge the manager's decision re Heber Bros, and advise that they obtain work." Amendment, "That the Greta Lodge inves gate the case of Heber Bros., and report to the next delegate meeting." Carried. Het- ton, Burwood Extended, Burwood, and Duct enfield voted against. Thos. Dix, Gen. Secretary. (Delegate minutes marked thus * are rejected by the Greta Lodge. All the others adopted). Referring to the case of the Hebor brothers a speaker said they ought to be made look for work. He waas certain had he been idle for 30 weeks he could have had work by this. -The Delegate said the last speaker evidently did not know what he was talking about. He was allowing a private spite to influence him, and it did not look well. The question was could the men get work even if they tried ? For his part he was doubtful of it. How did this man know if the Hebers had not been looking and had failed to get employment? He thought if he was victimised by a manager he would stand out and fight the battle of right till the day of judgment. According to the decisions of the lodge and of the district, the men had no right to look for work. A member said that it would be well to again send a deputation to the manager to try to induce him to re-consider the case, but another stated that he had reason to believe that Mr. Cater would reinstite at least one of the men soon. The further discussion of the subject was then postponed for a fortnight. In the case of Alfred Palmer, recently de- ceased, he having come by his death in the mine, it was resolved -" That the Secretary be instructed to communicate with the District Secretary drawing his attention to Palmer's claims on the district according to Rule 59. [This rule ordains that each member of the association shall contribute Gi to the relatives of the deceased man.] Mr. Jackson then tabled the following I motion to go to the district : " That in future any miner of this association who shall take a man, other than a coalminer, into the mine to cut coal shall be fined £6. The motion met with hearty support and was approved of. [If it is carried we will have fewer fatalities.] Weathee.-During the first four days of the present week the heat haB been great, and bushfire« have been raging in every direction. Wednesday was a "scorcher," as the- intense heat of the sun was greatly aggravated by a hot, sal try wind that prevailed nearly the whole day. The thermometer stood at 105 deg. in the shade on both Tuesday and Wednesday for about two hour* after mid- day, and the instrument was on a nice, cool (?) verandah. A little rain and a change in the weather would be very accept- able now. Gbapb Habtest.-Most of our vine growers will begin cutting by the end of thic week or early in the next. The crop is plentiful this season and of splendid quality from what I can hear, and among youngsters there is at present a great furbishing up and sharpening of knives. Greta, Feb. 24, 1892. 