DISASTROUS BUSH TIRES \- IN VICTORIA. 11 w GREAT DESTRUCTION OF CROPS AND STOCK- SETTLERS BURNED OUT. ADDITIONAL PARTICULARS. Thursday, the 9th inst., was remarkable as being the hottest day of the summer as yet , and this fact was unfortunately emphasised by an outbreak of terrible bush fires, tire majority of them most devastating in their eltects, mncn valuable property being crestroyed, numbers of settler being rendered homeless. The localities in which the bush fires raged the fiercest were : — Korutnburra, in the centre of the Gipps- l&nd; coal fields ; the West Gippsland forests ; Diamond Creek, where 4,000 acres of grass were destroyed ; Port Albert, the terminus of the Great Southern line ; and on the Ofcway and Plenty ranges. The cause of the intense heat wave which kindled these fires is attributed by Mr Ellery, the Government astronomer, to a cyclonic depression which came from the south, the barometer for a time going down as low as 2935, the lowest reading for a very long time. In Melbourne, the maximum reading of the thermometer fer the day was 1031.' DIAMOND CREEK. At Diamond Greek, Marong, and surrounding districts, several fires broke out almpst simul taneously in tais widely-settled locality. Many who left their homes with the charitable pur pose of helping their neighbors to subdue the j ravaging flames, were suddenly recalled by the ! fire reaching their own homesteads. Nothing | so disastrous can be remembered in this dis trict since Black Thursday, when Diamond Creek proved the starting-point of the most memorable and destructive firs ever known in Australia. The origin of the Diamond Creek fire is \ alleged to have been some burning stubble fired I by a farmer in the early morning. The long, | dry grass in the district quickly ignited, and a general conflagration ensued. One of the first s homesteads to " succumb to the devouring I flames was Brown's Corner, the residence of Mr William Brown, on the Plenty River. From this point the fire spread rapidly in an easterly direction towards Diamond Creek j township. Mr Brown's residence was a six- roomed-cottage insured fcr £200. Another < farm was bnrned while the owner was absent ! trying unsuccessfully to quell the flames which 1 had attacked the property of Dr Dick, of the Kew Lunatic Asylum. Mr Whicher, th9 well- known poultry-breeder and exhibitor, suffered heavily, losing his home and a valuable stock of poultry ; whiie another resident, Charles D. Fredericks, lost everything he possessed by the fire. The residence of Mr L. F. Collin, music- seller, of Swanston ftreet, was also fired, his son having a narrow escape from death through fall ing in the very track of the fire, after having worke i at extinguishing the flatne3 until exhausted. The efforts of Constable Waldron alone saved the vonn? man from the most terrible of deaths. The fire was finally ex tinguished at Mr Coil-n's residence. Then gang3 of men from Heidelberg were sent to the aid of those struggling with the Sames, and joining with the suffere,s, offered a heroic resistance to the progress of the devastating element. In ail, 3,000 acres of grass and fencing were destroyed, the fire being mastered only on ihe very verge of tbe Diamond Creek township. At South Morang 40,000 acres of farm and grass lands were bnrned. The home - stead of Creighton in this locality was only saved by a sadden change of wind, which car ried the flames in the direction of Queenstown. Mr James Hefferaan, a resident near Queens- town, whilst doing his best to help a neighbor whose home had been fired, was informed that his house and haystacks were totally destroyed. James Qualtrough and John Sill were also burned out. In the Muddy Creek district, Mr Bonn ess, contractor, of Melbourne, was burned out, whilst in the direction of Lilydale and Yaira GleD the thickly-growing dwarf box and striEgybark ignited, and, blown by the wind, proved an invincible agent of destruction. This district has recently been greatly cultivated for fruit-growing purposes. ON THE MANSFIELD LINE. A fire broke out on the Delatite station, near Mansfield early in the morning, and was immediately followed by fires at the back of the Paps, near Maindample, and at Bnrnt Creek. The gale fanned the flames, and in less than an hour the fires had spread for several miles. The strong wind carrying burnt leaves and strips of burnig bark before it, thereby largely increased the area of devasta tion. Fires occurred also at Brnnie Doon, Acheron, Yea, Homewood and Broadford. WEST GIPPSLAND. Miles upon miles of country in West Gipps land were one mass of flames, hundreds of acres of crops in various localities being totally de stroyed, while the homesteads and haystacks of the farms were also, in most cases, burned to the ground. At Warragul, a fire devastated the property of the late Mr A. E. Brigge, the wind sweeping the flames through the sur rounding dry scrub and dead timber, in the I direction of Brandy Creek. The local fire brigade, commanded by Captain Fowler and Lieutenant Anderson, and reinforced by an enthusiastic body of volunteers, with the aid of a manual-engine kept the flames in check until the wind veered to the north-east, and the hungry flames stretched in the direc tion of Mohaghan's and Walsh's farms. The brigade succeeded in saving the buildings and hay-stacks at the former farm, but Mr Walsh was not so fortunate, loEing oyer seventy acres of oats in stooks. Two or three times the house was also ignited, but the flames were each time got under. The dense smoke blinded and suffocated the workers, who incurred great risks from falling branches, aud the collapse of the high trees, so plentiful in that locality. The fire raged fiercely at Brandy Creek, and at Lardner,s Track seven seven" selectors were bnrnt out, their crops being all destroyed. Messrs Moffat fc, of Lardner's Track" and Streitburg, of Darnum, were also completely burned out, the latter losing 30 acres of oats in stook, horse and cow sheds and a quantity of ensilage. Messrs Cropley Brothers, of Darnum, lost a lot of fencing, while between Ropely and Neerim South several prospector's camps vwere des troyed. At one tim8 it Was feared tfrat the township of Warragul was in danger, and considerable anxiety was felt at the absence of the fire-brigade at the faazns. The wind ; changing, however, diverted the flames from the proximity of the town. THE WERRIBEE PLAINS. Two disastrous fires occurred in the Werri- bee P<rk Estate, destroying 10,000 acres of grass, and a great number of stock, both sheep and cattle, also nearly four miles of fencing. One of these fires devastated an area of 7,000 acres of grass before it was ex tinguished. Owing to the great wind which prevailed all day the fire travelled : 5 tw.i -a- « hour.t one tim. orerUldngtwo men trict. fled for safety when his fired by the dames to a railway vicinity, where he and his famdy took refoge till the fire had burned iteelf out, after destroy ing much valuable stock and other The whole town of Werribee turned out to the number of 2007 and endeavored to keep the nre from extending. KORUMBURRA. Bntfora most opportune change of wind, the whole of Korumburra would, almost inevi tably, have been destroyed by fire. Several houses were destroyed, six families being ren dered homeless and penniless, merely escaping with the clothes they had on. The fire ignited a quantity of timber on some waste ground to the rear of Commercial street, and fanned by a strong wind, threatened destruction to the buildings in that street. As. there is no near water-supply, and the houses are built close together, their destruction was inevitable but for the change of wind, which drove the flames in the direction of Coal Creek, On the , Mine road, four houses belonging respectively to Messrs Blackwell, Bald, Sharpies and Dsett j were burned to the ground ; another house in 1 the same road caught fire three times, but was j saved by the exertions of some of the neigh- j bore. At Jump Town Mr Rutherford was i burned out, several tents being, also demolished! One men had just built a new bouse, and moved into it the night before the fire, when he was burned out. Some of the sufferers are now j housed by neighbors, while some have found shelter in the "Wesleyan Church. Subscription- ! lists have been opened for the relief of those j who have been ruined by the fire. OTHER FIRES. At Drouin, the bush-fires destroyed crops and : miles of fencing, Messrs T. and A. L. Carlile J being bnrnt ont. Other bush-fires an reported j in the neighborhood of Foster, Baliarat, Benalla, Bonnie 'Doon, where 10,000 acres of pass have been consumed, Castlemaine, Koo- j wee-up, Moe and several other places. I 