AT THE BEEHIVE. MOSQUIT . There's rather a good story from Ballarat about the Bishop of that place— His lordship the most Reverend Samuel Thornton, L.L.D. to give the reverend gentleman his full title. r Tho gentleman' himself, however, is modestly content to sign himself as plain “S. Ballarat.” This iuitmlieiug of a preacher’s front name and the annexing of tho namo of his principal preaching place as if it were his own sur name sounds odd and amusing to barbarian Australians who know nothing and care less about tho significance and the origin of such things. Still it does us. no harm, and tho whimsical titles that tho bishops give themselves, as when writing letters to tho press, give thoso letters a comical look and makes tho matter in tho said letters all tho moro interesting or entertaining. Thoro is suuh u mixture of old-worldism and of, ncw-worldism in the idea, of mediaovalism implanted on tho gim-orack newest of colonialism, as to ho exceedingly funny to people with a fairly well developed sense of tho ludicrous. But all this, by the way. Tho story from Ballarat is that Dr. Thornton is a bib of a mining investor, as every good citizen should bo who makes his own and his household’s meat and broad and potatoes out of a mining community. In one company in which his lordship holds some shares, tho half-yearly meeting of share holders was fixed for ono afternoen recently at 2 o'clock. Straight on tho hour of two tho bishop presented himself at the company’s office. There were none of tho shareholders about. Tho bishop, who is described as a rather touchy and impatient kind of mortal, fidgetted and fretted in his chair. Other people might havo time to spare and bo patient ; he had not. So aftor waiting for full seven minutes by the office clock he vigorously reached for n slu-ot of paper and clashed upon it those word* or something like them; “To the chairman of (ho Bishop’s Luck Gold Mining Company (Limited). I hereby givo notice that I protest against the meeting of this company fixed for tosday being held 10-day. It was convened for 2 o'clock ; it is now 7 minutes past 2 o'clock. Tho meeting therefore lapses. . Should the meeting in defiance hereof be hold f will hold tho chairman personally responsible ferany damages sustained by the company. See Council of Arles, a.d. 300 and some" thing, L.J. vol XLIXI, Victoria, Anglican Assembly, Ordinance No. 13,891, Oantab- Ebor. Given under my hand and seal at 7 minutes past 2 o'clock aforesaid.—S. Ballarat.” Now as oveiy old mining go- to-meet ing identity knows, they have from time immemorial, from the landing of Augustine in Britain no doubt, or of Captain Cook in Australia, allowed you a quarter of an hour’s grace. So at about 1 minute before a quarter past 2 o'clock in trooped the shareholders from different directions. The chairman of directors took the chair. The manager solemnly handed him tho good bishop’s protest. It was read to tho meeting. If a fourteenth century bull or letter of excommunica tion had been fired off at those laggard shareholders they could not have been more astonished. There is nothing like a bit of legal looking verbiage to frighten a man, for it’s so very often preliminary to his being handed over to the lawyers, who by law have, not to put it too strongly, converted themselves into a highly pro tected and highly priviliged trades union of legalised pickpockets. So those-slmro holders and that chairman cowering before the bit of pap >r that the bishop had left for whomsoever it might concern were silent and paralysed for the space of fully three seconds and ajifiey. Then spake up a cock-eyed little infidel who bad not tho fear nor the admonition of bishops in his heart: — Mr. Chairman and Legal Manager : T u .c‘‘ * u; r" i V3’ [ Vi 'W , T, v ° i4st read is, I believe, signed “ b. Ballarat. T wisn to know Mr, Legal Manager, if there’s any shares in tho register in the name of a gentleman or Indy of the namo of “ S. Ballarat ?” The legal manoger gravely put on his spectacles, put his thumb on the letter “ B” in the index of the%haro register, ran down the shareholders’ names negiu | ning with a “ B”, and then without the suspicion of a wink in his eye, or a twitch at the corner of his mouth, solemnly in i formed tho inquiring shareholder that no ; gentleman or lady of the name of “S. Ballarat,” appeared on the register, The chairman ; “ Then I rule his letter out of order. We don’t know of any such shareholder, and shareholders only have a right to address us. Read the minutes of tho last meeting, please, Mr. Legal Manager !” No, you can’t since tho days of Jemmy Croyle and the rest of the “ corner ” men get over a Ballarat man much—not even when a bishop tries to teach them a lesson in preciseness and punctuality. Up here in Bendigo we wei’o recently edified by godly—or would-be-thought godly—men carrying ou as tho sinner and the publican carried on on election day. Professed principles won’t always stand in the way of self, or to paying sycophan tic court to the side that owns tho “oof.” Here’s a story in point. Its habitat was in one of our nicest country towns, the centre of a flourishing agricultural and mining shire, through which we’ve all passed many and many a time. There was a by-election for a vacancy for the town riding of the Shire Council. Tho candidates were o brewer and a Scotch doctor. When tho voces camo to be counted it turned out that oue candidate was only oue solitary vote ahead of the other. There were law-proceedings over the election, and the result was that the Supreme Court ordered a new election. By this time the town and district was hi a thorough ferment over the matter. The local Bungs and their friends and best customers gathered to tho support of the brewer ; the other sort of people who go to prayer meetings and lea meetings gathered fervently to the support of the doctor. So equally >vere parties balanced that it was known that a vote or two moro or less would moan defeat or victory. So i he bi ewer and his confidential agent sat down ono evening to go over tho electors’ roll, paying particular attention to the sdlf-professodly righteous element in the said roll. Said tho brewer: “If wo can only beg, borrow, steal, or buy half a dozen of their yotoa, we’ll have the elec tion.” “ Not a dohbfc of that,” rejoined the electioneering agent. So tbo pair of conspirators discussed the prices and the various probable piices of different of the said electors whom they thought might be likely men for the money. But there was o;*e in particular. He was .about the most professedly religious man in tho whole town —never missing a Sunday service, a week night sermon, prayer meeting, a love-feast, orclnss-h adors’ meet ing, and if there wasn’t one of these handy l;e’d sometimes drive five or ion miles to get to another. Wq will call him Jede diah Frederick Trepolpen, A rare old Cornish original of tho close fisted and industrious stamp was he. In the earlier days he h'.d made a bit of money at raining, and like a wise and prudent man as ho was put into a nice bit of land and live stock just outside tho town, and another piece of land for his son. The brewer know of this, and also know having often sold him grains for his pigs. “ Old Jed,” as he was called, was a terrible skififliot. “ Go,” said the brewer to his agent, “call on /QIU Jed.’ got the name of being awful religious and of abominating people in our line; but between you and me he’s the biggest old humbug in the shire,, ] think I’ve gauged him aright. He’d sell his. Saviour’s rai ment if ho could get a buyer-forit. He’s got some pigs, that I saw whilst passing there a clay or two ago, I don’t, suppose (hat any of tbo pigs aro worth moro than 30s a piece, but you ran go as high as offering him a fiver for one of the pigs. Only bo careful j lilco o'hors of his sort the old fellow won’t do a dirty or dishonest act if you call it by its right name, but if you can casuisbically call the same thing by some other name and there’s'a little money hanging to It, he’d do it right away, and then return thanks to Iho Lord for having helped him to smite the pocko'a of tho Phili*tine.” So tho agont wont off to “Old Jed’s” farm. Things turned out just ns the brewer said they would. Tho agout pre tended to adralro tho pigs, to bo struck with their fine breeding, feigned to be languishing to got possession of one of thorn in particular for tho thou approaching show of the local Agricultural Society, but as all his spare money was out staked on tho brewer as against thodoc>‘or in the coming ho regretted exceedingly that ho could do nothing. “Old Jed” quickly saw his drift. “Ah, I zee” said ho “then if you wor sure that tho brewer would beat tho clootor you wouldn’t mind giving a pound or two for a pig. I’ve three votes myself as you knows —and thim are foine pigs and I’d be wanting a good price for one of they,” “ How would £5 do for that one ?” asked tho agent pointing to a lop-eared, slab-sided thing that was resting itself against tYio side of tho stye. “Well! that’s a grand sow and I don’t bo like losin’ tho breed on her ! How somdevor as oca a friend, I don’t mind selling her for £5 to you.” So the transaction was completed, not a wordi of course, being said about bribery, or the buying of votes. Consequently “Old Jed’s” religious and temperance conscience was perfectly untroubled. He'd sell pigs, that was part of his busi ness, but he’d never sell a vote to please any vile beer seller or maker in the town Not ho. So he reasoned with himself, did “ old Jed.” And when the agent was departing with the lop-eared slab sided slip of a sow in ft bag in tho back of his buggyj “Old. Jed,” with his hand lovingly caressing the (he soverr-igns in ins breeches pocket, sang pub to him- “ I zay monster. Over to ray son’s place they koaps some foino pigs too. My son takes a big interest too, in this election.” So tho agent drove away to the son’s farm. Tho son was in.every way a chip of the old block. Ho was also a treble voter on the municipal roll. When tho returns for tho election came out they read like this : Mr. Glucose 206 Dr. Squill’s 200 Majority ,for Glucose G Is it any use asking what part tho pigs played in tho election ? *Bub “ Old Jed ” —God bless him—is a foino old man—l believe he’s alive still—and Jodediah junior will bo another foino old man when tho old man pegs out. Bendigoniansshould be getting tho name of a bold and adventurous people. There’s a Mr. Oonway who is moving the powers with all his might in order to persuade them to let him settle down beside the powder magazine at Back Crotk. Said magazine, I- believe, contains from time to time fully one half of the whole colony’s annual supply of dynamite, to ■ay nothing of other but milder kinds of explosives, such as rack-a-rook, tonito, pebble powder, and so on. Then we have a Mr. Berry who appears to have hit upon a spot 450 yards straight behind the militia butts at Back Creek for tho purpose of peaceably growing cab bages. In regard to Mr. Berry’s selection the question has been raised whether ho should go, whether military fortifications at least 500 ft high should be raised between his cabbages and the target, whether the mi’itia should be disbanded, ■ Ul - TT Cl I IX. .1 C. l J., use for 30 yrara should be removed to some other quarter —say up to the Terricke plains. I am afraid that Mr. Berry will have to be bought out, unless he elects to be laid out with a ricochet ing Martini-Henry ball. As for building earthworks behind tho target of suffi cient height and strength to effectively protest himself and his little garrison, it can’t be done—not, at any rate, in the present depressed state of the finances. A Martini-Henry rifle will send a bullet about two miles, Sometimes amateur marksmen accidentally send their bullets about two miles over the target, I re member on one occasion when some amateur rifleidub people were firing into a target placed at the bottom of a hill, which hill was fully 300 ft high. About a mile on tlje o'.her side pf tljnt hill there was quite a village of miners’ and diggers’ cottages. One afternoon whilst tho young tyros were practising at the target and occasion ally sending, so far as they knew, ballets over the hill and in amongst tho said cottages, a doctor was observed driving at full tear down a bye-road towards those cottages. “ Heavens 1 We’ve shot some body at last!” exclaimed one of the rifle men. “ lb was that sljot of yours did it, I'm sure,” he proceeded, turning towards a delicate and nervous looking young bank clerk whose knees were beginning to knock together, and who a few minutes before had fired a shot winch, as it threw up no dust anywhere, must, they' calculated, have gqno oyer the top of the 3.ooffc high hill. Ong anc} all were naturaljy in a state of profound suspense and painful agitation, and most of all, the young bank clerk whom some olcl friends (not members of the rifle club) were advising that at the worst it would not be more serious than a coroner’s inquest, a committal for manslaughter, and then tho chance of the Assize Court jury letting fiim ofl altogether. They all ceasedlshoot ing, however, and waited about till towards night fall for the return of tbo doctor’s buggy. When ho at last drove up, tho club, en masse, adjourned out on to the bye-road, rifles in handj and stuck him up. “ Who’s shot ? who’s shot, doctor?” they all clamored out as with one voice, Tho doctor couldn’t for tho moment understand the reason of their agitated enquiries, but quickly taking in tho situatidn told them that they were nob in trouble this tim*. It was dnlyt Mrs. O’Grady, down in one of tho cottages, confined of a fine litfclo boy. “ Both doing well,” added tho doctor, as ho drove ofl’ with tho parting salutation, ‘Ain’t that hill big enough for some of you to bit it?” So it ended all right, but tho young bank clerk had got such a scare that he never tried to hit the hill again. The target was, of course, out of the question. ' ' It is related that a Kyneton cow wandered into the court-house, and the clerk of courts coming in whacked the cow off tho bench with the office ruler, Very good for Kyneton, where every vacant bl- ck maintains its cow. But if you go up to the Bendigo gaol on the bill, and (wi*h the permission of the governorj of course) read this paragraph to the prisoaets there, they’ll, with a gory adjective of bush-fire vermillion hue to “qualify” tho expression, declare • to you that it wasn’t by any means tfio first “ cow” that was seen on a police court bench. ! It's generally a thankless task- doing honorary work as an umpire, a judge, a justice, a referee, or such-like. If one is paid for what he does ho can pocket the abuse along with the fee, and philosophi cally put it down to their ignorance. But when one works for nothing and then be abused in tho press by a Correspondent calling himself “Tempo’.’ as poor ; Mr. Wilson, of Long, Gully, was a day or tw6 ago, because of some decision he gave in thb recent, band contest at Eagleiiawk, it;is vary nasty indeed, Whether Mr. Wilson was right or “ Tempo” was rig‘t ia beside the question, bub there was no mistaking tho spiteful phrasing of “Tempo's” letter. It was the natural reward of the man who assumes umpire functions. It was rough oh Mr. Wilson but not nearly so rough os sometimes they deal it out to foothill’ umpire?. However, as his letter in reply showed, the “ old general” of Long Gully is perfectly capable of defending himself. • People have boon asking mo what it is that makes Tom Jones of Golden Sqrnuo so “ rantankerous ” as tho late Mr Oogdon P.M. would say, towards the Golden Square Working Men’s Oli'b. Says one, •‘ why, when I know Tom years ago as the partner of old .Mr. Miller of California Gully ho was one of tho most reasonable ond amiable tempered fellows that a man could wish to see. Now I see by the papers that in his old ago lie's developing into on ill-gralnod old Tom, of another spooios than tho human one !” Bub the explanation is simple. Our old Tom Jones is identically the same old Tom Jones ns wo first know him, Hus at cross-purposes with nobody. There s another Tom Jones at Golden Square— not our Tom at all.—California Gully people please copy. Wo hoar locally of a number of mar riages and of givings in marring.*. What a fine crop of young lambs there should bo next Spring. And speaking of tho latter,-it would bo ns well, for the first time on record, to warn people in tho habit of sending wedding presents (• young people about to marry never to send flimsy or fragile things. As sure as such things are sent —mantle and table ornaments of glass and china and so forth they’re sure to be clawed up and broken to pieces by tho first baby that roaches the pair. Indeed, it serins to bo an acknowledged part of tho first young one’s business on earth to smash up all the breakable wedding pros, nts that were sent to its “ imi,” So send something to the many young couples in and about Bendigo who are to wed between now and Chris;mas —send them* something useful, substantial and durable, something that , tho inevitable first baby won’t destroy. Send thorn flatirons. I see. that ono of the papers in its report of Father Barry’s contribution to 1 the prevailing lecture epidemic on the origin of thn Church of England makes the reverend gentleman call iu the aid of “ the great St. Christensen.” Shades of tho good old saint Chrysosthoml I trust it wasn’t our good old Fred Christenson of tho Beehive that tho reporter or printer thought Dr. Barry was referring to. I am just in receipt of an admonitory letter in German. As its purport is evidently urgent, and 1 haven’t got time to got it “ Englished ” properly, English readers if they want to know what it is about must get a good-natured German of their own to transalate it. It reads: — Herr “Mosquito”—In dor Ausgabo Ihres werther Blattess am leizten Sonnabend haben Sio mich “ Den muntcron kleinen Doutscben ” zum Gegenstand seiner Satyre genmcht, ich raoechte dera Herm yorsichern das ich mich so weit nicht wegwerfe Waehlerfuer cineu Schilling per Kopf zu otwaigon Wahlen herboizuholen. Das Geruocht, mich uml Mr. Stamp Sec. des Walhcom mittees des Herm Lazarus betreflend, worin oin shilling faer eine freio Stimmo und die Stiunne des Herm Schilling fuer Mr. Lazirus hat zweifelsolmo Hcrrn George Hobson veranlassb diesen Misch irasch auf seine Weisezu deuten und sich bewogen gofuehlt diese Dunimheit in dor Stadtzu verbreiten. Man solto anhehmen koenea dass George seine gefiederton Freunde und Kinderwaegelchea an den Mann bringen koennte ohne zu solohon Hanson seine Zuflucut nehmen zu mussen auf Kosten Anderor Welche irhen Goshaeften nachzugohou haben und em'jrtJiiiut- amniopo-T-i>t«u „ ,1 ! um solche vom Secrotair zu erjagon da ich als Stimmenbewerber fuer Harm Lazarus engagirb war. Ich sehc gern wenn Sachen ins reehte Licht gestellt werden, und hoffe d»s in der Folgo “Mosquito” niclib alios fuer baare Muenze niramtn was George Hobson zu sag n belie >t. — Ergr-bens,“ Duit Muxtbre Klbine Deutsche.” Well if what our “sprightly Little German” friend says above is true, it’s too bad of George, aud 1 must apologise for having heard the ancedoto (somewhere “ in der Stadt.” 