CITT POLICE O'OtMT. : . '%TTUY, JANUARY 23. ftTOM... (Before Mr'. Cowrtii, P/Hiv; ? Di-*'Tite- a'iwss' Chinaman, pleaded guilty to ft tlhdfgff (A driving furiously refund a corner, sayirig lie did riot hitrt any 1 iody . ; ? He wrte firiect 1 Os. arid costs'.- Sarftii lfeid; ftri elderly woman- who had beea before the ctfurc oTer fetty times,- was again charged with halving been drunk. She admitted it sorrowfully, but plea'deti that it was very hfti'd f-lmfc .site wasn't al lowed to take a drop OI Qliui: wire' un: doctor ordered it. It appeared that on this occasion she had taken so mariy drops that she could not walk to £he lockup,- and had to be taken in. a cab; ; but this cifcnwstance she expMmedby saying she1 had been, very' ill with rheiunatisni, arid when shedidriso from her sick-bed the weather was too hot for her. Mr. Cowan said that if ahc. would take drink shs must at least pay the e&b; faro. , Henry iWter, a strong laboring man wlw appeared tohave he&l; thinking, was chn'rg ed with assaulting and beating his wife. The woman di- . not .appear to prosecHtr. but another witness, said he e.iw Potter strike the w^man with his fist. Qhe de fendant had nothing to say to' th'e charge. The P.M, sai.l that as the wife did not wish to prosecute he wou'd d:schar*e the pri soner with a caution. Peter Walsh, an eld jobber, promised not to get drunk again if let off this time, and he was liberated with a caution. . . , ? ? J.William=onadinitted having been drunk at the Perlh Railway Station, bat said he could not tell how it happened; He was ordered to pay 5s. Arthur Caporn, a butcher *' boy' aged about 20 years, was charged with using abusive language to W. Flinders, in the employment of Messrs. Holmes Bros. The defendant consented to apologise, and also promised to behave better in future. He was set at liberty' on paying the costs of the summons and witnesses. Fremantle. — At this court this niorn ng James Milne was cautioned for drunk enness. Stingreen Thompson was fined os. n1 3 days for having being disorderly, lames Doig, John Doigj and Edmund Bouston were fined in costs, 3s.6d.jfor bathing in the sea off Russell- street during prohibited hoxus. Yesterday information was received at Freraantle that four natives had been acci dentally drowned at Rottnest Mr. Fair bairn, B IT., and a jury proceeded to the island to hold an inquiry. A. story comes across the wires from the United States to tbe effect tbat an engineer corp3 engaged in making a survey of a mountain in Ohio were compelled to flee in great haste, owing to the rapid advance of a mountain fire, which came upon them from three points of thecompas3. An enormous army of snakes, which had been driven out by the he at, also advanced without warning upon tfie surveyors, who fled down the mountain followed by the snakes. There were believed to be thousands of the rep ti'es, and many strange scenes were wit nessed. The black snakes and the rattle snakes were constantly engaged in the fiercest of struggles. The weather, which for the past week or so has been uncomfortably warm, has been very trying to-day. Bushfires in the environments of the city prevail, and the hot land winds are blowing more appreci ablv than at anv time durincr this season. At noon the thermometer stood at 1054egs. in the shad', and there is no prospect of a changed As it is apparently useless complaining to the authorities of the inefficiency of the Te^phone Department, we have to an nounce with regret that our. direct Tele phone line to Fremantle is practically use less, owing to its contact with exchange lines, and that we have suffered severe loss and our clients much annoyance in conse quence. 