GENERAL NEWS. \- Flux and Firewood.—The amount of flux and firewood sent away from the Mount Barker" railway-station last' " week was Ironstone and marble flux, 80 tons; fire wood, 45 tons. . . The Holidays.—The Easter holidays will be observed quietly in the South. For Good" Friday no particularly, important public amusements are announced, and on Faster Monday the residents of the Hills districts will concentrate their energies on the great racing picnic at Oakbapk, fine weather for whioh is now being earnestly hoped for by thousands of intending holiday-makers. - Postal abd .. Telegeaehio.—The postal and telegraphic arrangements for the Easter holidays are as follows:—On Good Friday the whole of the post nod telegraph offices in the colony will be closed. There, will be no delivery of letters, but ■ mails will be received and despatched.-. On .Saturday business will be carried on as usual, but on Faster Monday all country offices willjbe .-closed between 10 a.m. and 7 p.m., opening, for the delivery of letters from.9 to 10 a.m. and from? to 8 p.m. Labge Fire near HAhndore.—Hahndorf was to some extent in' danger on Sunday afternoon, when a bushfire was raging around the old Kangaroo mine and in the lease land held by" Mr. Wittwer." The fire' entered the properties of Mr. Sonnemann and Mr. Jaensch, but in the latter the beaters after a hard battle saved the wattleB. The main front of the fire came quickly along in Mr. Sonuemann's paddocks, which adjoin the Hahndorf recreation-ground close to the township, and as the township appeared in danger it was decided to light a line round the outskirts of the village. A fire was set alight near the recreation-ground, and about 10.30 the two fires met and the danger to the township was averted. A number of men watched all night, and on Monday morning all was safe and being carefully ' guarded. Large quantities of grass and much fencing was destroyed. Tbiai. of a Sbedsower.—On Wednesday Mr. T. W. Macklin, the district representative of Mellors' Co-operative Company, Limited, met at Mr. Strauss's farm, Mobilong, a large number of farmers who had been, invited to inspect a practical 'trial of the " "Victory" seedsower, which has become popular in this and the adjacent colonies on aceount of its simplicity, being easily fixed to any cart in a few minutes without clips or chains. The trial proved an unqualified success, and those present were loud in their praises, several showing their faith and approval by giving orders for the implement. There is no doubt that as this improvement in seedeowers becomes more known it will be used in' pre ference to the old style of sower, especially as it is sold cheaper than any others. The '* Victory," it will be remembered, was exhibited and received prizes at the Mount Barker and Mount Pleasant, shows. School Entertainment.—On Wednes day evening the children of the Monnt Barker Model School repeated in the in stitute-hall the entertainment given by them just before breaking up for the Christmas holidays. The object was to raise the amount necessary to complete the purchase of the piano which has been, obtained for the use of the school, and in this the juveniles were thoroughly succffisfuk The room was quite filled, the majority of the audience being children, and the net result of the entertainment was about £10, the. sum required. . Mr. J. Prisk, jun., and his assist ants are to be congratulated on the way in which the little ones under their tuition went through the programme, in which two or three novelties were introduced with good effect. " The Busy Housemaids" was a distinctly pleasing feature,- ;and " A Very Good Joke," which wound up the entertain ment, was another new item which . the youngsters enjoyed. Master Bruce Barker made an excellent substitute-in those portions of the programme in which a performer at the previous entertainment was absent. Miss Mabel Prisk is deserving of special, and appreciative mention for the great assistance given by her as accompanist; A successful entertainment, which had been lengthened by encores, was over a few minutes after 10 o'clock. Mr. L. von Houssa presided and' made some happy remarks in announcing the various items on the programme. - ■ Easter Encampment at Murray Bridge. —We have received a copy of the manuscript newspaper issued in connection with " Our Boys' Institute,'" Adelaide, which contains articles and noteB of interest to its youthful members.'' Detailed, mention is made of the Easter encampment at Murray Bridge, which began ■ 'yesterday and -will continue until \- Tuesday morning, and we make the following extracts from the little paper :—" Murray Bridge provides all the elements necessary for a: camp and attractions such as hoys revel in. Boating, swimming, fishing, and shooting arc among the natural advantages, although the last-named is only open to the officers in our expedition. Entertainments, sports, races, and cricket matches are items included in our programme. -We take with us two.cooks, and fresh meat and bread are to be supplied to us from the Bridge daily. " The site of the camp will be on Mr. Jaensch's property, opposite Long Island. Saturday we propose to make a gala day. In the morning a programme of sports will be held, and some of the events will be open for Murray Bridge boys uuaer 18\. In the afternoon a cricket match, O.B.I. ®. Murray Bridge, will take place, and in the evenihg an entertainment in aid of the local Church of England will be given by members of our camp, including some of our gymnastic class lads. - We hope our Murray Bridge friends will be successful in providing a building large enough, as our programme is sure to prove a big draw. On the Sunday morning our party will divide between the Church of England and the Wesleyane.. In the afternooon a mass meetiag of the united Sunday-schools will be held at the camp, aud probably an evangelistic service at the Wesleyan Church in the evening. On Monday evening a public camp-fire entertainment .and a collection in aid of our' new building will conclude our engagements." 