AX AFTERNOON AT THE BRITISH ART GALLERY. :b sr izsiioist. IT IS A GKEAT HOOX, and one that every colo nist should appreciate, that year alter year, for the modest sum of Is., we have brought to our very doors a pood average picture gallery, containing some 000 works of art. It is not burlington-nouse, nor is it the Paris Salon, but it contains examples of, at least, half of the great art-names of England, well arranged, well lit, and most conveniently reached. For those who, like Pooh Hah, were " born sneer ing," the gallery has little attraction. The gentlemen who form the guarantee fund never hoped to please them. All they look for is the appreciation of the general public, and for aw Etching bt the Queen. ibis they run financial risk, and in case of iny profit arising they donate it to the National Gallery. This is surely the lpotheosis of unselfishness. During the week some of Her Majesty's watercolour sketches have been screened, and, as a matter of course, have drawn crowds curious to see how the hand which wields the sceptre of the greatest empire the j world has seen can use the brush. The examples show that the Queen paints as well as the average talented amateur English woman. Her copy in watercolours, from an oil painting life size, of her Indian attendant, Shekh Muhammed Bukhsh, is the best of her Shekh Muhahmed Bdkrsh. ONE OF THE QUEEN'S WATER-COLOUB DRAWINGS. exhibited works. A sketch is given of this drawing, as also of Her Majesty's etching of her first baby (the Princess Royal, now the widowed Empress Frederick of Qerm&ny;) in its nurse's arms, wondering at a parrot in a cage, which, in its turn, seems to be equally astonished. This etching was executed in 1841, fifty-two years ago, when pictorial art was ir. its infancy, even wood engraving at that date being of the crudest kind. The Queen, it will be noted, adds to the engraving " del. et ecvlp.," that is, artist and engraver. She not only drew on the copper, but afterwards submitted the I* WOIOWBLAND. of th« lurfds. l^eQ Ae ,the Royal artiit ««•«, ioftfe. Tb«woader jstluU, I with the cares of the state on her shoulders, i I she ever foil in I time lor relaxation of an.v I kind at all. I Which are the favourite pictures in the gallery ? Mr. Luke thinks No. 103, " Play mates ;" 170, " The Last Dance ;" and 85, "The Dedication of Samuel," are most in favour amongst ladies. What about Mr. Phil. Morris's "Circling Hours?" Well, | somebody lias irreverently christened it " the back garden of the baby farmer," and that has taken away a little of the poetry of the A Globe-Trotter. picture. The landscape which is admired by everybody is Clayton Adams's "Month ot June," a beautiful sketch of the mother country, and worthy of the poet's lines:— " There is no land like England, Where'er the light of day be." A gf>od many visitors take their own view of the pictures. "The Return of Perse phone" is a puzzler to many. A.father, mother, and daughter halt in front of the work. Mother—" Rather lightly clad, isn't she f' Daughter (in a superior manner)—" That Peaottoallt a Owb-Handbd Baoi. i* Flute's rife; she has just returned from Hades! yon Jcnow." Father—" No wonder she hasn't much on. Mast be pretty warm down there. What's she carrying the young man with the wings {m-S'Wik fort Can't he fly yet! And who's the lady in grey camping ontf Daughter—" How ridiculous you are, pat Th*tfa her mother, .who has been seeking her. The figure at the hack is Pluto him self." Father—" Is it, though ? He looks precious like one of our liquidators. How long ago did all this happen ?" Daughter—" It never happened at all. It's only a heathen fable." Futher—" Then it isn't true. 1 don't care for pictures that tell yarns. Let's go and look at something else." Visitors from the country seldom pass any remarks on the pictures unless they come to a subject they thoroughly understand. Then they are critics. " A man must serve his time to every trade Save oeosure; ciitiosall are ready-made." Two bronzed men from way back stop short in front of Mr. Turner's bush-fire, wherein three men in the foreground are depicted standing Btill looking at it After a long silence one speaks. " Well, Jack, if I was there I should oall those fellows up to the office and pay 'em off." " The Wizard " is the children's favourite, and the faces of the little ones who stand in front of it and wonder areas much a study: as thoseio the picture itself. Two little girls! in the popular Dutch costume (who look very j moch as if they had just stepped out of one ] of the canvases) are standing hand-in-hand j intently watching the oonjuror, Alter several1 minutes of silence, the smaller mite whisper* her sister—"! wish he'd go on;I don't yon, Sis?' Are women to become practically a one hunded race'? This query is led up to by watching ladies as they "do" the gallery. In 1892, the era of closely-fitting skirts, with their invisible "tie-backs," led some wit to • ' : v<V Critioibm. remark that English wbni£ft appeared to be a one-legged race, and to-day, with the train having to be so constantly held up at the back, does it not make a woman a one-handed creature for nine-tenths of her time? There are three young girls in front of us. If they step back to look at the pictures above the line, the three bands go to the back of the dress with the regularity of drill. Forwards or backwards, they go through the Bame mechanical lifting of the six inches of redundant back skirt, which they are afraid they or someone else will tread on. An observing husband has reckoned (by carefully watching and timing his wife and daughters) that during the day the pleasure of trailing the skirt on the ground does not exceed five minutes out of Sttohmq "The Rbtubn or Pkbsxphonk." each hour, and this he considers a liberal allowance. And yet for that smril modionm of time (daring which many undesirable trifles are gathered) tbey cripple tbemselva for the other 66 minutes. The globetrotter, when he happens on it, "does" ©ur gallery in the same methodical manner that he treats the European galleries to. To our girls he is always , an object of interest, his stony British stare and his' knicker bockers and stockinged legs bring seoretly admired, although apoken slightingly of, The Australian boy has no reverenoe for the tourist suit, and does not sup press Ids voioe when he asks if it isn't time the wearer was breeched. At all picture shows enthusiasts are to he found, men who cannot afford to boy pictures, but who oome every day they can spate, and pay oourtto their favourite work, Some f times it is a little work below the line, and its admirer squats down (they have been | known to descend to all lours) and worships at its shrine. At other times the object of | adoration is skied, and then its worshipper takes np a position in the centre of the room, and, making a funnel of his catalogue, studies first with one eye and then the other the beauties that hold him in thrall. There are many other interesting odds and An Enthusiast. ends u> be gathered, but the afternoon is growing late and tbe gallery is beginning to thin. The rattle of caps and Banners tells that afternoon tea is over, and as the people Tea® Diab Old 1880 Bohmw* stream out that dear old 1880 bonnet with H* nodding plume is seen on a pretty mo* theorowd» - 