OUR 7A88H LETTER. (From our Correspondent.) Bussbiton, February 26, The nominations for the handicaps at the Capel Raoes and the weights were sent you by wire. Considering the very shorb notice that was given of the official list tbe number of nominations sent in must be con sidered very satisfactory, and as showing that raoing iratters in this colony, even in this diBtriot, far removed from Perth, are improving apace. I think, however, a great mistake was made in not having the list published sooner, so tbat more time oould have been given to owners to send a detailed account of the performances of eaoh norse with, the nomination paperB, in lieu of having to telegiaph the information to the hon, secretary as pest they could so an to be in time, Besides, tbis would have afforded the handioappers an opportunity of more carefully adjusting the weights according to the merits of eaoh horse. ? The unloading of the ship Lonsdale is being curried on with despatch, now that everything bas been got into order. I learn from tlio truoker that over 200 tons of railb have been landed, besides a large quantity of spikes and fish plates, &o.; The brig Dato, at Qulndalup, finished loading on Thursday, She has on board 405 loads of paving blocks for London, the loading of whioh only ocoupied 10 days, or 20 days under the contraot time. I hear the captain speaks well of our harbour, and is well pleased with the despatch in which his vessel bas been loaded, [Tbe Dato was driven ashore and wreoked in the gale of the 27th February, just after she had fcken in her den, stocks and had cleared out at the Customs.— Ed.] The members of the Committee of the S.D.A. Sooiety met on Friday to consider oertain proposals whioh have been made by the Commissioner of Railways re the appropriation of the present Showground for railway purposes. Some time ago tho Government promised to reserve, oertain lots in case they should require our Show ground for railway purpose?, but to the surprise of all concerned they sold two of the lots only a very few months ago, and have therefore broken their promise, They now offer certain lots whioh tbe committee do not feel inolined to accept. However, the committee have now made a very rea sonable offer, and it is to be hoped it will bo aocepted. If not— well, the committee will be found somewhat difficult to humour j they will stand their ground and fight for the rights of the people, for it must be borne in mind the Sooiety has been to con siderable expense in making the Show ground what it is, : The unfortunate man in the hospital who broke his leg some time ago was vis ited again on Thursday by Dr. Lovegrove. It is understood tbat he is progressing fav ourably towards recovery. His sufferings during the recent hot weather must have been terrible, the building in which he is living being totally unfit for tho purpose, and is a disgraoe to the township. It is to be hoped that our momber will not forget bis promise and endeavour to get a Bum plaoed on the Estimates next year for a new hospital. Nothing fresh has been heard about th-) whereabouts of tho telegraph constructing party since they reaohed the Margaret Biver. The other day it was reported tbat several poles had been burnt down by bush fires. This has arisen, it is stated, through the careless manner in wbioh the fallen timber, has been left on the track. The question is often asked— When is the telegraph offloe at Quindalup to be opened P The line has been erectad thus far for upwards of two months, .vet nothing has been done towards its utilisation. . believe* that tho Direotor of Public Works piomised Mr. Yelverton that there should bo no unnecessary delay ia opening the line once it was finished to Quindalup. In my last I referred to the practice of cutting bags filled with corn awaiting ship ment on tbe jetty. Precautions have been taken— n9t by the police— whioh appear to have d'-tmed all efforts to repeat rascality of the kind. A strict watch has been kc-pt for soiae time to detect tbe misoreants, who appear to have considered it good polioy to desist from following up the abominable, practioe of wilfully destroying property, 