Fruitgrowing and Its Prospects. (BY OT7B SPECIAI EBPOETEE.) No. 3. — On the Noeth Shoeb Railway Line — Oils and Essences. The St. Leonards railway, which runs from the point of the North Shore, immediately opposite the Circular Quay, of Sydney, for 10 miles to Hornsby, where it joins the main Northern line which runs from Sydney to Newcastle, has given extra facilities to the fruitgrowers of Gordon, Pymble, St. Ives, and other small localities, from which much fruit is sent to the metropolis. The country rises gradually from the water side until Wahroonga is reached, which is nine miles on the way, and fully 620ft. above sea level. At this highest point of the line there is orchard soil of moderate quality, and the operations of the specially favourable to fruit trees. Gordon and Pymble, which are about six miles by road from Sydney, have been used for fruitgrowing for many years. The ordinary road affords &o; many glances of charming scenery that it is a favourite drive. Take it in the ordinary working days and you will meet the carts of the fruit growers on the way to the market. Near Chats wood, Gordon, and Pymble, the views of the Lane Cove River and country stretching out south wards are some of the best obtainable within an area of 10 miles from Sydney. On the day of my visit, the 20th of October, extreme heat and great bushfires completely knocked out senti ment from the trip. It was a shocking day, clouds of dust and the sickening fumes of distant smoke would spoil the grandest scenery of the world. In ordinary weather the air at Pymble, which is 449ft. above sea level, is pure and in vigorating, a fact which is so well appreciated that land is now being sold there for residences at from £200 to £300 per acre. The auctioneer and the land speculators are gradually absorbing the fruit areas, but not at the old-time land-boom rate. The business is conducted with great steadiness. There is so much movement, however, that several substantial-looking villas are being erected. The buiider is onoe more in the ascen dant. My special business was to have a good chat with my very old friend. Mr. W. H. M'Keown, J.P., who since his arrival in the colony, 52 years ago, has been more or less connected with the fruitgrowing industry. He is now at the ripe age of 73, still hale and hearty, and active in movement. For three years after his arrival Mr. M'Keown worked on vineyards or orchards for the not very heavy wage of £25 per year, and his first step aSove that level was when he took charge of Mr. Richard Hill's orchard at Gordon, where he toiled so well and lived bo economically that be gradually became a land owner. Many of the men who worked for wages under him, too, are now well to do fruitgrowers. They, like himself, commenced in a small way, kept clear of debt, and gradually reached pros perity. Mr. Hill had 87 acres of land in this Gordon property, and this, after years of service, Mr. M'Keown purchased. He firdt bought 40 acres of uncleared land. Did fruitgrowing pay then? I asked. ' Indeed it did. I contracted to pay Mr. Hill £1650 per year during two years for the yield which came out of a 16-acre orchard, of which not more than 10 acres were bearing, and then, even at that high price, cleared £500 per year.' After this, when the orchnrdB were his own, Mr. M'Keown took up to £2200 per year for fruit from 30 acres. But about 24 years ago, just as everything was going Bplendidly, there came a hailstorm which, although it did not last more than a few minutes, did sufficient damage to bring the return down to not more than £200 per year. It took 10 years before the yield got up to £1600 per year in value. Mr. M'Keown's aggregate losses through that Btorm were not less than £25,000. Mr. M'Keown employed several men, and, as he had a stall in the fruit markets, had to start early every working morning from his farm so that he might attend to his business in Sydney. It was a good business until about 10 years ago, when over production and excessive importations of bananas from Fiji and hard fruits from Tasmania com menced to affect the home trade, ilr. M'Keown, too, was advancing to old age, and latterly has not given close attention to his orchard. He is selling1 his laud at fair prices. In all, up to the present he has disposed of 19 acres for £43,)0. Speaking of the old timeB Mr. M'Keown on one occasion sold a one-horse load of mixed fruit for £40. He used to get in Melbourne £3 per flour barrel full of Windsor pears— a mixed crop of which used to bring Mr. M'Keown as much as £400 p?r year. Of orange the experience at Pymble is that 30 years is about the life of a tree. Navel is so shy n. bearer that it does not pay; what is known astbj Pavramatta is the most profitable, and 12 gin-;ases of these are a good crop from each tree. Mr. M'Keown has cleared his Windsor pears of biight by using the Bordeaux mixture, giving two to six sprayings before budding time, but three sprayings should be sufficient. ' He has kept down codlin moth by careful band.-.ging without the use of Bprays. He has been a Ijeiiever all his lifetime in liberal manuring for orchards, but has found that grapes do not do as well at Pymble as at Ryde. Some of the orchards are let to Chinese who, in one instance, pay £100 a year for the use of six acres. Land is now cleared and grubbed in this region at a cost of about £6 per acre ; the old price was about £10 per acre. Mr. M'Keown has been, for many years one of the leading poultry fanciers and exhibitors of the metropolitan district. He has now' a choice strain of Langshans on hand. MAJTDFACTUEE OP OILS AND ESSENCES. From brief references made to recent operations with, the making of oils and essences last week, it will be known that the Department of Agricul ture, with a zeal which is commendable, is carry ing out a series of experiments to ascertain if the waste or by-products of the orchards and orangeries can be profitably handled. Mr. M'Keown has lent valuable assistance towards this object by giving to the officers of the de partment the free use of his .orchard and some of its buildings. Mr. B. G. Hardy, an ex pert who thoroughly understands the work of making perfumes, essences, and oiis, has been for the last nine weeks at work on Mr. M'Keown's farm with the special object of showing what can be done with spent fruit, orange leaves, and flowers, &c.; Mr. Hardy is from London, where his family, in a part off Oxford-street, have regularly carried on the perfume-making business. Daring the last seven years he has been in this colony, and four of these years were spent in the Union- lane Perfume Factory in this city, where he worked with a plant which was worth about £400. Having the information that the depart ment had sent to the perfume farm, Dunolly, Vic toria, some orange leaves from which there was obtained a good result, Mr. Hardy offered to do similar work in Sydney. The department thereupon supplied him with a email distilling plant, which cost about £40. This, being fitted up properly, a commencement was made with bitter orange or Seville leaves from matured trees which were grown from seedlings. There were obtained 4oz. to 5oz. of oil from each cwt. of leaves. This oil can be sold here at 2s 6d per oz., besides which there are four gallons of Seville leaf water worth 2s 6d par gallon. About the same quantity of oil per cwt. was obtained from the leaves of the sweet orange, but this pro duct is worth no more than 16s to 203 per lb., and the distilled water is useless. The oil, however, would sell very readily. Mr. Hardy is confident that it would pay any company to put in 500 ecres under Seville oranges for the production of the oil and water. An experiment with about 40lb. of blossoms gave good oil worth 18s per oz., and water which sold at 8s per gallon. Next, fruit from the sweet orange was handled, and the rinds taken off and pressed. The oil thus obtained was filtered, and a very good product left. Some of the rinds were distilled, and, I believe, with satisfactory results. In fact what has been done shows clearly enough that these perfume and essential oil industries, such as are regularly pursued in older countries, can be followed here, out what tbe remuneration will be to the followers is not yet known. The work is of the proper kind for the Department of Agricul ture to undertake. Farmers want to be shown what to do. Let them see a fair chance of profit or a fair return for their work and that of their families, and they are certain to take up and follow the industry. I would like to see Mr. Hardy and Mr. Daunicliff, the Department's Inspector, who has charge of the experiment, engaged in a larger way. What we want to know is, Will this new venture pay ? The business is simple enough for the humblest farmer to easily comprehend, and the plant is not very costly. There could be central manufactories supplied with raw material from surrounding farms. Mr. Hardy is anxious to prove that the industry is (suitable for Aus tralia. To be suitable it must needs be profitable, and the department might well put him in 6uclx a position that the books would 6how either the profit or the loss. 