THIS AND TIIAT. [BY A. S. MIANDRS.] Byway of it grim and chastly joke I iany as well ilupart toi tile general pub lie, thnr.ugh your co0.umlsll, tile startling intelligemnce that the waciher has grown extremeoly hot. Once in very hot weather a miian wlhom I know wrote to a iolher atout the extremte warmnth in the following terms :-"The weather is so dreadfully close Ihere that I now get my butter and mty candles by the lpit." Th're cosumumication in questiia though apparently emiuting from a region adjacent to that which is imac. aladanied with good intentions, lind no aromia of sulphur about it. The writer w ,s; in fact, mieiely in interesting liar. 1 ton cuhli crack jokes labiuti the heat, but really I can't. The Iioat won't let ime. Tile weather, so 'tio speak, grasps mni with its red-hot list and observes wheno. I am onl tile verge of " No you don't I" and 1 don't. Anl the flies I I bless them the wrong way so maniny times ill a day that I aiu now quite anm adept at mmmild Irofanity. But the winged rmftliamns merely Inuch at mme. I would wear a veil but that I would not give thems the satfictiftin of knowinlg lthat they had drivenl iue to admopt such an extreme measure. I cordially. wish that flies were suljeot to asunstroko. By way of cautioning asnake and other reptiles I may observe that the bushfire season has opened and con llagrations of the kind wiill stoo be all tihe rage. The Melbourne public generally is vastly pleased that the ruaninig .of Sunday trains has beenl inaugurated. Complaints are mnadei, however, in reference to the fune.ral andl dmepressive slowness of tie said trains. In short, tihe Sabbath-bratking monlsters miake a colmlproului with their conscieLnce. They know they are doing wrong and think by doing it with the least noise possible, to sugar. over their guilt. This reminds immt of the Irishman who, while fearful of crossing a deep stream on a narrow phlink in a dark night observeid fervently " The Lard is very good," alld then, fearing lust Ile might have off, nsled the Czar of all tile devils, adlded " and tile devil isu't a bad follow sither." '['ihe truth with regard to the Sunday treins is no doubt they were driven slowly for a start just to show thi: Snlbbath conservators that there was no ill feelinlg after all. .A modern Robli Hooud has come to the front in Sydney in the shape of MIr. Cyril liavilandl, secretary of the Schooll of -Arts of that coiy. tlr. Havilanud has confessed to the com. Illittoe of Iimnagrmentlllt that lie its nisnpprop iated £1,100, time money of the iestitution, adding that lie had paid the mooney away chielly for tlhe relief of distress. It was very kind of Mr. IIaviland to relieve distress with the funds of timhe institution whilst at the same time " relievinlg" the imlsti tution of its superfluous casil. lHe must have a imanlial for "relieving" people and institutions. A short timle silica a peculiar case occupiedl the attention of a court--the case of Care v. Kenip. Tile defendant, ,Ir Alfred Kemp, was a dog fancier, and the phiintilf bought atorrior from hims for, as he stated, " a humorous purpose,"l and tile defemndant agreed to take it back if lie was not satisfied. He found it was lllae, and now sought to goet back from the defendant the ammuit lie paid for.it. Hlil Hontor: "I suplpose you found it was not; a humiorlus dog." (Laughter). Thied.n fendant stmte lihe wanted to get rid of sootd lidgers who were continually pllaying, anld, Ihe wanlted a dog that would "howl at music." If this dog had howled sufliciently heL wold 'have kept'it. (Laughter); Defindant knew that this dog always howled when musicians iphlayed at the hotel next dour. The plaintiff pulled out a mouith orgmn and blow it, and then not only this clog 'bt every dog in the shllop howled. He couhl notrwarrmat a dog ý. to howl-wlhenoier waited. (Lauglmier.) Ils Honor: Well, most dogs howl at music, and -n gumrantee" is generally unnecessary' td ensure it. But hte was not aatisfied that the dog was lame, or that any warrant to howl was given' and there must be judgeoment for the defendant. This remlilids us that one to be in the social swim in these days must be either literary, musical or arlistio, or at aily iate have pretensminus to taste in either lt nem or more of these directioils. To pose as a literateur or ,an airtist without having the slightst 'claims to such a distimnction may make the pretender appeir ridiculous, but hl stops short of'Iteing a positive nuisancce, which in more than cuan be said for the musical geniaus (?), who. inflicts him excruciatiig noises upemn youm until yell are imolined to rise iup anld take a swift and just vengeance tjmon him.tm Only ,wi:mhiu tile last hIour. I, hIave. esllffered tIhait fra tie himnds ifanim lpossible pianist, tiht hadtl I ginIi forth and slain ]Ilim as hIe sat at his imstrumment of tor!tire,: I should, ratherm hiive beenm almphluded as a .lmnemifieor of mmy kitd than corldemned as an assassin. Time ipaprs in the vemrious coloniei chronicle in large tyle i"The l-Hturmm of Or.nBoys". Time prrirmial inter. views of tIleir liinls in Emigland and Anlmerile and tIeir nulmmerous albsurd reasons why thliy lost varimus matches -either the ticket was nhad or sommn bjdiywes slekl, or nammail.eo wiin'fit up to' lli? tsimmlibilify mii imi field, mnixed witml a lot iof othmtr Ilsh ion those meljllitst Nit one of themm are spmo'mta enlgmllgI to adlmiit t!hey ihaem miet. belier m,itlidet' aceordihlg thim reports.of tIhe diffierelnt mmmemnlmers oif thIe timanl thimy mowere nlyimillig but a hIalllly flnmlily. li Ighto, ditimuiesm mmil drhikimg soetun mO imaveolittim tlme il'dmr of thie jmrogrsnamne, and, if 'alli tlimit- mc Iiimier is mrllii, tihe myce of lihm crlcktmLommifuiell, whllm thley eminm-t to hllmmr, tihe stltuteniSte, tmill iuo toi'tleon wlho;1 ab wsllhamtubs, sind somtme .. . L :: very sensational evidence will be heard. The fat will he in the fire and there will he a flare up. Then again it is reliorted there is trouble over the management, financial atnd otherwise. None of the so.styled Australian amateurs are satistied wi th their dividtends as tihe results of the tour, and they express as their opinion they cannot understand what has become of the moley. Several of the team took poessession, by force, of the mantager's books to inspect them. Two or three of the team say " Victor Coheno is too big for his boots and generally disliked in England." Again this is contra dicted by others, that Ihe wis a splendid manager, though it is hard to know what is what, and undoubtedly the "pot is calling the kettle black." They saem to be unanimous in their opinion tlhat no team should visit Etngland for the next five years on account elf the r.putation this one has left behind. They muust truly have been a nice lot of gentlehten to uphold the credit of Australia. The idea of otte of them being discovered it the morning in his Jress suit sleeping at the foot of the stairs of one of the hotels, is really picturesque. Fancy a conversation betweenl two strangers going intto all hotel. First friend : " Who is the boozer lying at the foot of the stairs 2" Second friend : " Oh, it is only one of the Australian Eleven." No doubt unbiased reports of thil doings of ltie Australilans at home would be any. tbing but complimentary to the country. 