Professor Blumenthal Interviewed. -:0: HIS OPINION OF THE COLO)NY. Mr. Joseph Poniatowski de Blamenthal, Professor of Phrenology and Physiognomy, has been staying in Ipswich for the past few days. For some fifteen years the Professor has travelled throughout the whole of Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia, visiting the country districts and tile large towns in practising his profession as a phrenologist. As an impartial pbserver, without any strong leaning to any political party, his opinion should he of some weight. The professor, as his name indicates, is a foreigner Iy birth, and his eyes dance witls merriment as he recounts, with most peculiar accent, some of the experiences which he has met with in the back blocks of Queensland and the other colonies. During his stay in Ipswich tile professor was interviewed Iby one of our representatives at Mr. H. C. Vincent's Volunteer Arms Hotel, where he was staying. The professor, seated among his charts and books, was very ready to give information, and stated, at the outset, that, out of his fifteen years' residence In the colonies, at least ten years had been spent in "?solid" travelling by rail, coach, and on horseback. (he professor left yesterday morning for Toowoomba, on his way back to Sydney, where his head- quarters for the present are located. AUnsTALA's FeTURE. " During a period of some fifteen years," says the professor, "having travelled some thlousands of m ' of country, and visited both coast and iulaot. towns is South Australia, Victoria, New South W'ales, and Queensland, my observations regarding these colonies have convinced me that, under favourable legisla tion, this country has a great future before it. You ask me what I mean by favourable leglialation ?' I simply mean that, if Australian legis lators desire these colonies to become prosperous, they require to encourage its natural resources, and to cheek the wholesale gambling spirit which undermines and per vades nearly all classes of the comnmunity. If any industry should be encouraged it is agriculture. I consider that the stability ol a country depends upon its backbone, and the more agriculture is encouraged the more solid will be its foundation. Therefore all lands, and, in particular,.coast lands, where farming can be carried on with advantage, should be used for such purposes. There is no necessity whlatsoever to encroach upon the squatter, as, with good management, and with your enor mous coast lide, you have a sufficient arable productive area to maintain millions for gener ations to cohe. What should ie avoided is the immense reservation of excellent land for purely spectlative purposes. Consequently a tax upon all idle and inilnproved hut produc tive land would strike the right persons and prevent monopolies, which are a shame and an injustice to the country. A tax that would especially attack absentee landholders should be put into force, as then ouly will it affect those mostly interested in keeping the laod for purely speculative purposes. So far i have only dealt with areas nearing the coast. As regards the west and north-west portions of New South Wales and Queensland in particu lar, I admit that the squatters should reign there supreme; and hard work it is for many a squatter to keep himself in a solvent con dition when his dilliculties, both l hiumano and otherwise, are consideredl. r havre ubscrved such little incidents as a casual swagman or two travelling on the road looking for work and in the meantine dcpepdiug upon the hospitality of settlers aud squatters. This in itself is only natural to a country like Auss. tralia; but whlen you consider that that swag man is only the precursor of hundreds of other swaglnen equally dependent upon the hospital. ity of tihe said settlers and squatters their depenidence means, in the aggregate, respon sibilities which endaiger the resources of many of those who are coimipeClled to provide for them, Again, there are the heavy droughts, necessitating expensive boring operations; and what with extensive bush-fires andol other evils incidental to the back blocks, tile squatter's life is anything but a pleasing and remunerative occupation. Some ten years ago I travelled overlanld from Adelaide to Rockha:npton and visited hlundreds of stations on the road, and, from what I have seen, I consider the average squatter deserving of every sympathy in troublous times, especially those men in the far-western tracts." " How does Queenslansd compare with the other co'sonies of the group at present ?" ."My opiion of Queenslanud is that it has recuperative power which some of the southern .coloiies do not possess, making every allowance fur the immense destruction caesed_ iy receut floods, etc. Whaen you consider the enoritous mineral and other resources,.a uch as wool, wine, and sugar, not mentioning si'k and minor productions that Queenslandl is capable of, there is no reason why any unprejudiced miondl should de spoir. In Victorixand New South Wales much of the best land has already been alienated for purely speculative purposes, hut with proper legislation all that can be avoidled in this colony; consequently do not blame the land for any shortcondltigs, but educate the people that they may discrimtinate in the selection of their legislators by electing men of experience and merit to represent themi." "'You have seen thie work of legislation as it is carried on in thle Parliaments st the colonies you have visited, I suppose?" " Yes. There is too much talk wnith tile minimum of work in your Houseis of P'arlia ment. Political advancementt should go by merit, but an unbiassed observer visiting your legislative assemblies can only come to the conclusion that a good miany of your members are sadly in wantof tle essential qlualifications requisite to biecome .successful legislators. Influence takes too often the front seat, while ability, if clothed in modesty, has to content itself with a back seat. liherefore tile sooner every voter is educated to under stand the responsibility of his vote the better it will be for the country." 