IN THE OOLAC DISTRICT. Br Bbuni. A DAY IN THE FOREST. The forest country lying immediately to the south of the Western Railway line con sists of a series of long rises running east and west, and generally becoming more pro nounced as one gets nearer to the main coast ranges. The soil varies from a sandy loam to an almost pure sand, resting on a strong yellow clay. The timber was ori ginally very thick, hut it has been greatly thinned, especially on the outer edge, by splitters and bush-fires consuming the ring barked trees. A11 that is left is a number of ill-shaped and badly- grown stringybark trees, unfit for splitting and of little use as firewood, with a few lightwoods and different gums on the patches of richer soil. The under growth was original ly very thick on these rises, but forseveAl miles in from the edge of the old forest it has been cleared away, and the soil has proved to be excellent grazing ground for all kinds of stock. In summer time the banks with a northern exposure become dried up, usually about the end of the year, while those with a southerly aspect remain green for a month or six weeks longer. Unfortunately most of the landowners on the fringe of the coast ranges have killed nearly all the trees, and the resuJt_i3__that when summer sets in the paft5fes> on lOte-qpper part of the rises, wheto the Isoir is generally very light, soon wither away. It is araistttku to transform tliiwqjd/foijest into plain cottn-] tiy, and I know io dIstrist, wli'dri* tffeoplantr, ing is so much mraked as'in this-Spov whicfi; has been made Valuable pasture land.by; ring-barking the olirirfifestjtfeea. '. v y We started for a dayVriimblfe intbejbrfat behind & te&n; of four smart•pomespand, as the roads arttiis time of the year are in ex cellent order, , we got mer the w ound in good style. 3fnst we came to a most attract!# holding, the prope/ty of -Mr. Rutherford, Hero a fair oroportion of forest trees have been si-ar-"-1 froyi the wood man's axe, and, as they are mostly light woods, the fields have a very beautiful ap pearance. The whole place had a neatness and home look that one seldom sees in Vic torian rural properties large or small. Beyond this we passed by some small hold ings, conspicuous among which was that be longing to Mr. Delarue. On the way I noticed several small plots of young fruit trees, all of which had a very healthy growth. At Mr. Delarue's steading the trees were of greater age, and were carrying a good crop of frait, the greater portion of which was apples. That this will become a great fruit country I have not the slightest doubt from the yield of fruit in the orchards of Mr. Rutland, near Veo, and Mr. R. Denis, near Warncourt, and on the edge of the forest country. The farther in from the plains the fruit, particularly apples, pears, and plums, will be leas exposed to the hot wind: of summer, and will Consequently be of a finer flavour. As we advanced further into the forest conntry the grass was greener, there was more growing timber, and in places undergrowth was plentiful. At Boundary Greek, the banks of which are high and Bteep, we - passed the bounds of Mr. J. Austin's old squatting run. Here Mr. Han cock has a good-sized farm. He is well known as a breeder of thoroughbred stock, ahd owned the well-known sire, Dante, who died here. ' Beyond Boundary Creek the soil fall^Off gtvatiy, and that sure indication of a " 80Ut " 'Counttyj the grass tree, becomes plentifal, fLnd tea-tree showed among the undergrowth. I would have liked much to extend my ramble some distance further into the main ooast range, but I found on inquiry that the fewest of fine trees was too far away for ub to reach - it and return the same ^Trom the high ground beyond Boundary Creek we turned sharply to the left, and soon oame to the bank of the west branch of the Barwon River, which is here a pleasant mountain stream of clear water, running between banks clothed with the aromatic plants and'•shrubs that are usually found bordering mountain creeks. The valley at this point is of moderate width, but the soil in the flats' on either side iB of the ncheBt description. It was this branch of the river, I am raid, that Mr. Gellibrund followed on that Ill-fated Journey from whioh he never returned. About a mile or so further on we came to* the eastbianch of the nver, which is a stronger stream running through a wider valley. Again turning at a 'right angle we left tiie road leading to Port - Campbell, and followed the oonne of the river on- the eastern bonk. The valley widened as w» advanoed . towards the open . country.? the flats, which are composed of .let, black eoil,being often a mile across. The; high ground/to the eastward is lightly timbered .and very well grassed. On the western1 haw of the river the timber is thicket. tM uie very pleasant situation we " v^wUsad's residence. On the flat I noticed iTaood many cultivated fields, the I crops In whldhwere still quite green, and in l^ots of cultivated land I r tjUibe email plots of cultivated land 1 saw in the forest the erops, nearly all of which were o&ts;, wf»e only just beginning to show signs or rtpenmy. . Wi halted lor lunch at a crossing on the Barwon, and spent a pleasant hour in the midst of a charming landscape. Heading westward towards Yeo again, we passed through some excellent grazing country, in which are situated the properties of Mr. D. ProeserandMr. W. Sherrin, both of whom are sheepbreeders. We reached Yeo again late in the afternoon, after a long drive through a most interesting country. The weather was perfect, a bright snn with a cool fresh wind bringing with it the odonrs of the forest. Occasionally a light shower would fail, but they were so light we scarcely noticed them. In the forest I saw no good timber, which was a disappointment All the ueefnl trees have been cut down in that part of the forest through which I passed, and to reach anything like a fine timber forest I was told it would be necessary to travel at least ten miles further to the southward than our furthest point. The greenness of the gross and the crops indicates a climate quite different to that outside the forest limit, and this. combined with the healthy, vigorous appearance of the fruit trees I saw, leads me to the conclusion that the hills at present of little value for grnzing purposes will eventually become an admir able fruit-growing country. 