AQTA reFUT/iL BY THE FliANETJE. Salisbtjby has spoken. And his long-eared tuft hunting ' barscackers ' have brayed their asinine approval of his bluster. In the plainest of Plain English this gross fat man publicly insulted the House of Commons, of which he was once a most unworthy leader, by declaring that it mattered nothing what was done with the Home Kule Bill in the Lower Chamber, for the members of the House of Lord3 would fire it out the moment it came before them. That, however, is a game at which two can playt but woe to the one who goes under. It was played iu 1831, wh'en the looney Lords rejected the Franchise Bills the result being that Birmingham prepared to march on London, Bristol was set en Sre and Newcastle, Derby, and many other places blazed out in open rebellion. The following yeas? the Lords mutilated the Reform Bill, and this so enraged even the phlegmatic En;;lish that they pelted the King in the streets with mud, refused to pay any taxes, rushed the Bank of England, and shook the country up in general until it was on the brink of revolution. Would Pat Man Salisbury like to revive those gory games to-day ? The last occasion on which the pimple-headed Peers opposed a popular measure was in '85, when they again kicked against thd Franchise Bill, but were speedily ' awed into subrnisaion by the atti tude of the people.' As the Home Bale Bill Bpaoially applies to Ireland, things may be taken more quietly by the English this time and the evil day for the Salisbury squad postponed a little longer. My straight tip, therefore, ia that the Bill will be thrown out by the Lords, but Grandoleman Gladstone will catch it before ifc falls very far and send it up a second time, either in fche autumn or early next year. By that date even the noble noodles upstairs will have senBe enough to see that it ia time for them to ' come in out ol the wet,' and then the Bill will pses with flying colours. The Commons may even act on the threat of Mrs. Page in the ' Merry Wives' and 'exhibit a bill in Parliament for the putting down oil fat men,' or better still, they may jam Salisbury into a monster clothes-basket, 'like a barrow of butcher's offal,' and shoot him into the muddiest ditch that can be found near the banks of Father Thames. A consummation devoutly to be wished. One glance at the list of estates held by tbe lea ders of the Anti-Hoina Rule party is quite enough to phow how deucedly disinterested tho3e gentry are. Salisbury, for instance, has a country estate of! 20,202 and a rent roll of .£33,000, in addition to a large district of slam property in London, con cerning which the local authorities have been recently instituting very disagreeable law pro ceedings. Salisbury's pawky nephew, Balfour, is an even more extensive landowner* and we can safely say that tho troubles of this worthy pair about the poor rack-rented Irish are preciou3 slim indeed. That frisky, frothy little frog, Lord Eandy pandy Churchill, cornea from a fine old land grabbing atock, and he is also a brother-in-law of Lord Londonderry, whose estates measure 50,000 acres, and whoae rent roll exceeds .£100,000. Londonderry also owns 12,000 acres of tho Dur ham collieries, and be can boaat of being a lineal descendant of ' Cutthroat ' Castlereagb, who by bribery and general villainy engineered the so' called Union between England and Ireland. Sir Michael Hicks Beach is lord of 11,000 acres, with n rent roll of over .£10,000. Lord Hamilton is an abaenteo member of a great Irish laud-owning family, and Viscount Cranbrook, Sari Cadogau, Lord Ashbourne, in fact all the leading members of the Salisbury Fquad, are land lords, directly or indirectly interested in the ownership of land in Irelc.no!. ITothing like common justice can be ezp?cted from cuch a gang of Tory Thugs, for it's ' the nature of the beast '' to prosper on the misfortunes of the poor. Once more the peace of Europe has been re stored, and by the strong right firm oC the Aus tralian Army too. There was a hitch in the business at first, for at the Islington military tournament the colonial warriors were beaten in the sword and lance contests j but when the more important test of lemon-slicing came oh the 'Cornstalk' champions secured the whole ten highest individual scores— at least so the cable crammer says, and he wouldn't dare to lie about such a momentous matter as that. Unfortunately, however, this glorious victory may lead some oi; the benighted Britishers to infer from our marvellous skill in lemon-olicing that the great Australian Army ia mainly composed of retire^ barmen and lemon-squash concocters ; but we must bear this with becoming fortitude and look upon it as one of those ' flies in the honey- pot/' or penalties, which ever assail tsue greatness. Ta Ean-ta-rn ! Be it known to all men, and to as mauy women as take any interest in the matter, that on and after this date the only John D&vies; must be known as 'The most worthy Patriarch of the National Division o2 the Son-: and Daugfcu tes.'s of Temperance of Au3trclssi&, for he was elected to that prorad position a few days ago, and so tall does he feel now that I believe he stoops every time he has to walk through the 'Argyle Cut' or hio train dashes into a railway tunnel. Which reminds me en passcuii iihab some era fully irreverent persons travel by trains now. Not long ago one of the most hardened of them pub tip a car win dow and our Most Worthy Patriarch John at once snapped out, ' I insist on having that window closed.' ' All right/' said the offender quickly, ' I'll shut it, because it would be a pity if the wind blew away your three-decked Coonanbarsa ' c&dy;'.' ' He has heard of me before,' said John to himself8 ' and, io ! I must dissemble.' Eeturning to John's new appointment, however, it is just about time that some worthy patriarch took the gingerbeer- guzzling gang in hand, for the doings of some of the Sons of late have been sultry enough to melt the handle oil a town pump. Amongst other depressing incidents, for example, we find that at a recent meeting of a big Never-Touch-Ib Society here it was found necessary to score off the roll of soda water saints the names of no less than seven shining lights, owing to the fact that these most worthy patriarchs were now too busily engaged with their gaol dutie3 to ba able to devote any time to the regeneration of their race, much as they would Hire to step outside and do so. Even this is not all the teetotal trouble by a jugful either, for during a little turn-up in the House the other night thab extremely worthy patriarch, Balmaniac Clarke, shouted to Rrother Kidd, ' I can't; provide you with brains.' And then Bro. Kidd, rising to the occasion, ' downed' Bro. Clarke with one clout as he savagely sneered, '* Provide me with brains ! Why you miserable little rat, it would take a microscope to find yours.' Now, when cold tea and scones lead men (and brothers) to talk ' high Dutch' like that, what in sulphur would they say and do if they were fed on bull-dog oysters and bottled beer ? For the true temperance cause I have nothing but the profoundest respect j but I could never stand those frozen frauds who ' live on the game,' and degrade a noble virtue by making it a cloak £O cover their own mean devices. Gaol is tho proper place for a lot of them, and they seem to have got there somewhat ' profusely' of late. If Mr. ' Jack' Want doesn't soon eaae oE it will be necessary to appoint a Royal Commission to inquire into his nationality in order to decide what country can claim the honour of raising the champion ' bull' breeder of the century. Mr. Wflnb has been particularly successful in this line of lat», bub during tho Current Account Debate he broke all previous records by solemnly informing the House, ' We have to face a terrible position behind us now !' Boyle Roche never beat that even in his beat days. When the laughter subsided, however, Mr. Want explained himnelf a little clearer, and said, ' I mean, we are in the position ol a man who, running' from a bush-fire, finds himself on tha edge of a raging torront. What is he to do ?' ' Shin up a tree/' chipped in (Strong Man Haynes j upon hearing which Andy Kelly heaved a sigh like the sound oi' a burst balloon, and exclaimed, ' Bogorra, that's jusb where the most of us are at present.' Melbourne having proclaimed a day of ' humilia tion and prayer' by way of softening down the financial trouble, our own Primate Smith went one better still, and composed a little prayer, ' all out of his own head,' which waa offered np on Sunday last with a deal of fervour, especially by the badly-bitten portion of his flock. The wisdom of tho Primate's action ia somewhat doubtful, however, for if his Hew prnyer removes the depres sion straight away, people will pop up a&d; indig nantly ask why on earth he didn't start hio devotions before tho banks commenced to cIogq. And if nothing cornea of his notion, hia flock may lose confidence ia his method. In the event of bia broad-new prayer being a 'frost' Primate Smith can fall back on the old excuse that every man ia not celled to ' prove all thingp,' a remark made by Dr. Boyd when ho heard fche story of the honest Scotch farmer who, when he brought his child to be baptized, was questioned by the crabbed old meenister on more theological matteirs than oeemed needfnl. Amongst other things the parson askedt ' How do you know there is a God P' Upon hearing which the astonished eouatvymm exclaimed, ' Hoo do I kea there'a a God ? Why, man alive, it 's th' tall: of a' th' country !' Touching the efficacy of prayer another tale is told of an over-prndont Scotchman, who on being reprimanded by bis minister for not holding family pzayeire in the winter as well ac the summer escueed himoel!: oe the ground that he didn't believe in a missd congregation waving together in the dark. ' But,' protested the parson, ' surely yon can provide candles for the purpose.' 'Weel, VG3, I could do that,' drawled the canny parishioner, ' bat I'm cfeard the reralta o' ma prajio,' wouldn't cover tlie cool; o' ma candles.' As a safc-ofi; to the above we have a neat little plea for the efficacy of prayer put id by Miss Barlow ia her tale of Irish peasant life called 'Grani.' One St. Patrick's Day Father Car roll (the buah out here is full of them) enme up to iiisconooll on au urgent si3k-call and on his return be fell in with Terry Doyle, a wildish lad, to whom be pub the awful question, ' Why didn't yon go to Maes this morning with your parents, instead of coming down hera to tho river to Ssh for pinkeens ?' And then the good Father appended a sort of corollary— which, we know, is ofton more puzzling than the original proposition—and sternly desired to be informed what effect on his final destinies Master Terence anticipated from his pinkeen-punishisg pro'clivities. Terence was rather rattled at first, but the Irish lad's native wit coon came to hia rescae, and with a- bold front and a squeaky voice he piped out, ' Whebhen, yer Eiverince, I'll be all roight, I'm thinkin', Maes or no Mass, wid me good old mother down b?low there in your beeyoutiful church, prayin' awr,y for me like tb' very dlv— — I mane like all th' eaints an' arsgels above. Dhnre, yec Eivesince, you wouldn't be affctmi? oayin' that heaven would go an' be makin* a fool of her, lettin' her waste her time prayin' away till uhe has corns on her kneea an asin' for things that she'll never get ? 12 heaven doe3, v/hy mother might aa well be here ejivin' me a band wid th' piokeens, for they're as slithery as a lot o' little divils that has just been soaped and lathered. Whispei', yer Sivednce—never moind aboint '-day — I can show you a hole ia that shtrame bsyant, where you can catch trout that'll molt in yer month like bnttber on Good Friday.' I cm afraid the texb of the above in all wrong, boiag quoted from memory, but the spirit in nil eight, and mighty consoling too for those sinaers who have good friends to pray for them. Here let us kneel and pray for Parliament. 