THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. Have you given anything to the Queensland flood relief fund? The Central Land Board will hold a meet- ing at Mannum next Friday. The balance-sheet for 1892 of the Goolwa Corporation shows a bank overdraft of £189. About 2000 acres between Echunga and Aldgate have suffered from bushfires during the last nine days. The members of the Painters and Paper- hangers'Society at Port Adelaide held a very enjoyable picnic at Bridgewater on Saturday. There are now nearly 400 men engaged on the Happy Valley works, and more will be put on as the embankment is proceeded with. Elsewhere Mr. John Dunn, who reached the great age of 91 last Monday, returns thanks to the many friends who offered him their congratulations. The Southern Co-operative Produce Factory Company will hold a general meeting of shareholders on Tuesday, when a report for the past half-year will be presented. Miss C. H. Spence, who last week instructed southerners on the subject of "Effective Voting," is continuing her campaign in the Upper North districts. . Miss Shaw, the travelling representative in Australia of the London Times, is now in this colony. She arrived from Melbourne last Friday and was met at Aldgate by Sir John Downer and entertained at his Hills residence. Several local residents intend to take up land at Milang now that irrigation is to be an accomplished fact, and preparatory work will begin as soon as preliminaries have been settled with the Government. An advertisement elsewhere states that " Adjutant" Cartner, " of London and Mel- bourne slum fame," will visit Mount Barker on Monday and give a lecture in connection with the social work of the Salvation Army. A team from the Permanent Military Force lost at cricket to the Strathalbyn Club on Wednesday, but yesterday revenged them- selves by winning a shooting match against the local riflemen. The Mount Barker Agricultural Society invites tenders for the right to erect publican's and luncheon booths on the exhibition-ground , on show-day. The applications will be con- sidered at the meeting of the committee on Wednesday, 22nd inst. In his last article on " The Toilers of the Hills," in Tuesday's Register, " A Native" refers to " one of our pioneers, Mr. R. L. Bonython, who arrived in the colony in the Fairfield in 1839 and was formerly a resident of Mount Barker." Dr. Cockburn's address at Mount Gambier, which is reprinted in another column, had a marked effect on its numerous hearers. The Mount Gambier papers give almost verbatim reports of the speech, which will well repay perusal. The following appointments of assistant bailiffs to local courts have been made :—M.C. Robert Hillier, of Milang, to Strathalbyn ; M.C. Charles F. Bertram, of Stirling East, to Mount Barker; and M.C. William Muegge, of Uraidla, to Woodside. Tenders for the properties of the late Dr. George Bollen, situated at Mount Barker, Bridgewater, and Port Adelaide, will be received by Messrs. Smith, Channon, & Co., of Port Adelaide, up till Thursday, March 2. The members of the Adelaide Boys' Field Club estimate that their Easter encampment on the banks of the Onkaparinga at Bal- hannah will cost only 17s. 6d. per head for the nine days' outing. What good manage- ment will do. (From Our Own Correspondent.) Meningie, February 14. On Friday evening, 10th inst., a concert was given here for the purpose of raising funds for a picnic to the scholars attending our State-school, Mr. F. E. Hyde being in the chair. A lengthy programme was suc cessfully carried out, and many items were re-demanded by an appreciative and well behaved audience. Mrs. Crankshaw, a visitor, was a splendid assistance in the musical portion of the programme and for her excellent singing was repeatedly encored. The first overture by Miss Hyde and the second fay the Misses A. and B. Hy3e were both well ren dered. Songs by Mr. M. Linn, Miss Me Dermott (" Beggar GirlMr. Hyde ("Nancy Lee" and "Strict Q.T."), Mrs. Crankshaw (" Sarah," " Lover and the Bird," &e.;), negro specialities and comic songs by Mr. T. Devereux, recitations by Mr. Dodd, ("Nora O'Neal") Mr. McLellan, ("You'll Remember Me") Mrs. Robb, (" Tit for Tat") Miss McDermott, (" Rustic Bridge") Mrs. Lovick, and a quartette, "Uncle Jeff," were all well received. All who had taken part were thanked by the chairman for their kindness in providing one of the beBt concerts ever given at Meningie. The " Harlequinade," in which Messrs. Hyde, Devereux, Moore, Sanderson, and Robb took part, created much amuBement and was a good finale to a most enjoyable entertainment. 