-POINTS. If on cheap prepaid advertisements see ;our spe'cialr- thres insertions of .16 .words -.for .on shi|linf<0l cf&i.v; ar <V An invitation. . Tho Tifeyrnp/i machino roout .jsopou tu visitora overy day botween tho.hours ,- of 12 and 1 ji.m., when our two "Hoo rotaiy". machines can he seen at work, printing, fold- »ing, cutting, pasting, registering, und delivering -papers in bundles ot.24,- at 'tho .rate of . 20, 001) per hour. . . . . - Like all other institutions, -.the churches--ots suffering from tho had times. ...... The Albert streot Wcsloyan .Church '.has:# bablmioon tho wrong sido. Ad' usual it ih tho bugbear interest that u .,wcifelulig heavily on tho church. iehk. - Giuppe . is still pursuing .his way.mi- . chocked. Tuekii is no oud of empty chairs: m tho Government ofllces tlieso days. The ci-y is, "Hero to-day and gono .to morrow." The Albert street Wcsloyans apparently, did not talro kindly to the proposal to ruisotho pew rents. . lnE.Rftiah's \cngeaneo" is an illustrated stoi'.v,ot India, by Frodonclc 31. Doy, mid will rbo eouinjoneed pi uui- columns on Baturday. ''fr Tin?, Several forts.cullcd Eort Salisbury, Fort tyibtoritt, aod Fort Charter columns which have efi'ccted ii junotion within 60 miles of Lobcu- gula'skraiil, aro a long way apart. And by this it may bo known thut tlio .at tacking forces have drawn u pretty conclusive circlo around the Matnbclcs. It is.roportcd that several lies linvo been -told, over tho winning of tho Cauliiold Cup by ,Tim . Swivellcr. . , /(/In tho Noweastlp district ' distress 'is "in- eypajsing. :R6Hei.: subcommittees aro being formed in every township, and it is mtonded to tnuko a determined appeal to tho Government toJind work of some kind. Vehy heavy bush'fires kavo:ragcd along tlio coust between Botany Hoads und Wollorigbng. On Friday night tlio whole of tho hillsides wore . a mass of fire, and ' presented a grand sight ' to passing vessels. Tho people -on shore felt very dififcrontly about it. A Startling Tnlo of Indian Mysteries ;nu'd Necromancy will ho commenced .in . Saturday-Is Telegraph. , .A London schoolmaster thus advertises Him self and hisservice, "Corporal punishment) if neceseury, : can bu. given at boy's own home, any part of London or. suburbs, .terms moderate, address," &<:. There lias been iu n supplement to thn "Government Gozette," Now South Wales, nreport showing the - division of tho oleetoral districts into electoral divisions. For better for worse, tlio stop lias been takcu. Jbdoe Innes told Glusson that ho coiildmot hold out to liim tlio slightest hope that tho death sontenco would not be curried out. Value koii Money. — Principals will study their own interests by giving ''definite instruc tions to" their agents to' advertise in tlio Tele graph, which lias a circulation of thousands over any other paper, iii Queensland. An Adelaide newspaper ; afliruis that! "a goldficld is a great lottery." The fellow who ' wrote that should got . a leather modal. Co.wiNi; in to his ohnir . this morning Dr. Points observed a group of dogs, evidently mot in Parliament-; — a la tho Houso of Com mons on tho Tory side. Sojie militiamen in the Bendigo district are anxious to go to South Africa to assist ih tlio war against Lo beugula. Thoy propose to go 100 strong by tho next outgoing steamer. / Well,' nowi it scenm ti pity if tliey should not bo. allowed to go. Aro they now-unem ployed? . ' . 31'n. Giles's motion, before the Assembly, . South .Australia,: to ohargo tho full cost for children educated in Stuto schools after passing the staiidurd.has a chance, it is said, of being curried. , . One 19 very glad to hour .it. Tho time' has como whon througliout Australia the scandalous abuse of ovu- .freo primaiy school system should bo stopped.-' . - By the schoolmasters, how it would make some folk squirm who did their' best at' last election to prevent tho return of persons who would- have done it here. ' . Pooh Glusson, how the newspapers do.mangle his names. But it does not matter. in-South Australia thcro is a follow .named Grainger. Ho lins.an edgo on tlio judges. DuniNci tho present session he lias brought in three "'judges Bills." This beats us foi- one session from ono man. ; , By the eapsiaing of two boats on tho upper reaches of trio Waitomatu, Now liealaud, five pel-sous havo lust their lives. Thrco of them ; wore ladies, and the others might us well have been for all thoy appeur to luivo known uboufc sailing a boat. An urohbishop lins died worth £5,000'; "not much. Archbishop Wesley died owning an old college silver spoon. Annie Eebant is coming, but Annie, like all the rest', is looking tii tlio shilling dollar. sreaiino at Wellington the, othoi- night, Sir Robert Stout advocated . tho reform of tlio Parliamentary system in tho direction of tho Ministry. ..being appointed by ballot by the House to hold oifico during tho currency of Parliament, nud of the vacancies in tho Logis; iativo Council to bo filled by tho Lowor House electing tho nocossary number of momhois , every throe years. There is now in Queensland a good opening for tho cxporimont of electing a Premier by ballot. Try it ; Hoolan approvos. Victoria, is likely to have to pass an Act validating certain sentences passed by magis trates and Diatriot Court judges, because psssodnot according to a statute law relating thereto. ,. Snowy, little Snowy, a blaok aboriginal, ..has goub to walk in whits. . " Beset -with devils or angnls." Road our new stdry of mysteries and perils. Saturday's Telegraph. . When tho bill to enable the Metropolitan Board of Works, Victoria, toreducotbosalnrles .of officers transferred to it by tbo Wate Supply Department was passing through committee, two amendments were proposed tor . tho . purposo of making tho chairman of the 1 hoard as liublo to roti- onbhmont as other ofiioors. Tjxb tnove was unsuccessful ; for you seo the chairman always is the big bug. Ho must have his st-row whatever becomes of the olior- iwomau. 