? MOUNT BARKER TO BUNBURY RAMBLING JOTTINGS. " Hear, Land o' Calces and brither Soots, Frae Maidenitirk to John o' Groats', If there's a hole in a' your coats, I rede ye tent it; A chield's ainang ye takin' notes, An' faith, he'll prent it." INTRODUCTORY. CAN there possibly be a more enjoyable state of life than that forced by the hand of Fate upon the man of semi-vagabond habits, who despite the manifest difficulties in his path, undertakes a journey through a vast undeveloped region, among a strange people, amid unaccustomed surroundings. Calm consideration of the events of a tour replete with curious features, induces me to agree with the dictum of the philosopher who stated his ideal of life in these words :—" The truest and most natural form of existence is that of the vagabond who conforms to no set rules of conduct and wanders at his own sweet will." A queer notion, truly, to share in that belief after a month of days spent in humping the swag through great forests and tangled undergrowth and along dusty roads and over dreary swamps, under the fierce blaze of the sun and in the thick volume of smoke from adjacent bushfires, with occasional variations in the mode of progress by lifts in bullock drays and from horse teams. And the nights did not afford one unbroken record of feather beds and well-aired sheets. Sleep was mostly courted on couches of blackboy rushes and fern fronds and native grasses under the shelter of canvass flys and waggons and breakwinds, with breaks of civilised repose in the habitations of the rich and the huts of the poor settlers. A few days of johnnycake and damper and salthorse and the like bush dainties caused the re-echo of the sigh of the ancients for the fleshpots of Egypt and gave additional flavor to fresh kangaroo and wallaby meat broiled over tbe coals. But the frae and active life in the midst of the great green bush with its constant unfolding display of fresh charms and treasures made ample amends for any discomfort and the wish becomes father to the thought—" If I could pnly go through the journey again." During an extended series of wanderings in the Eastern Colonies, one could not make his escape from the evidences of latter day civilization in the very heart of the bush. There the whizzing and the buzzing of sawmills sounded an accompaniment to the footfalls of the wanderer. Here the grim silence is broken at long intervals by the axe- ring of the solitary splitter, who is remote for weeks from his kind. There the settlers cultivate with the latest American agricultural appliances. Here the few settlers till the ground with implements that were thrown overboard by Noah to lighten the Ark. The points of contrast are numerous. There one stumbles against a fence every other step. Here there are enormous stretches of unfenced country. There the roads respond to the influence of MacAdam. Here they curl and writhe and crack and crumble under the lumbering sway of the bullock-waggon. There the rivers are running streams in summer time ; here they are irregular chains of pools in a few instances, and dry rocky beds in the majority of cases mark the watercourses in the hot months of the year. Nevertheless, the South-west province of the colony is a grand country ; is full of possibilities and probabilities ; is rich in agricultural, orchard and garden soils, covered with forests of valuable timber and impressed with indications of mineral wealth on and beneath the surface. And, last, but not least, an abundant supply of water can be maintained over the whole region with little labor and trifling expense. Year in and year out, the climate is of a genial character and the rainfall is good. All the natural conditions of the Southwest are favorable to its development into one of the most fertile, wealth producing provinces of the Australasian colonies. That judgment has not been hastily formed—it follows upon a close and keen investigation of the varied resources of the country, after patient and exhaustive enquiries among all classes of settlers, and comparison with the virgin resources of the Eastern Colonies. The wonder grew strong upon me during my progress hither and thither through the land— " Why has not this great and glorious country been developed 1 Surely the West Australians do not know the value of their own country." Lack of communication by roads and railways has retarded the progression of the South- West. Give easy, rapid and cheap modes of transit, open up the land to the gaze of people wishing to settle, make the lands progressive and assuredly the ^South-West will advance with leaps and bounds on the side of prosperity. Those are my honest convictions. Theotherside" impressions I landed with in Albany viz :—That W.A. was a waterless and unproductive region except to scratch the surface for minerals and for timber cutting and raising a few sheep and cattlehave vanished. Any unprejudiced observer following the course of my rambles through the South-West, must admit the truth of my conclusions and the jaundiced visions of those who when they penetrate inland, travel in the sandy areas of the colony would undoubtedly be cured if they had the patience to follow up ray tracks. By your leave, Mr. Editor, I will complete my introduction to your circle of readers with a copy of the credentials that greatly facilitated the object of my journey : " THE AUSTRALIAN ADVERTISER." " Albany, W.A., Jan. 14, 1893 " The bearer, Mr. , who is an experienced journalist, has been engaged by us to travel through the country between Mount Barker and Bunbury, for the purpose of writing a series of articles descriptive of the homesteads and of the country. Our object is to bring this country into public notice with a view to its development by roads and railways. By extending your assistance to Mr. , you will greatly oblige, Yours Faithfully, (BY "THE WAYFARER.") "W. F. FORSTER & CO." 