Bush Fires. STATIONS AND SELECTIONS BURNT; . * _ HEAVY LOSSES. ' COWRA, Dec. 12.-Large bush fires are raging here in the west and south, about eight miles from the town. For some days past tho heat has been 95deg in tho shade. COROWA, Dec. 12.-In various parts of this district big bush fires are burning, but up to the present no considerable damage has been done. JERILDERIE, Dec. 12.-On Saturday morning there broke out, and is still raging, on Coree Run one of tho severest bush fires that has ever occurred here. It first showed in Tuppal paddock and burnt north towards the Billabong and north east towards Wunnamurra Station. On Sunday the weather was calm, and the fire burnt right up to the Deniliquin-road, being stopped by the roads within a milo of tho boundary of Wanna murra. A strong wind sprang up on Monday, and the town was enveloped in thick smoke. Several residents have gone out, but owing to the ¡ wind have little hopes of doing much. Fully 50,000 j acres of grass must have been burnt already. AI fire on Springfield Station swept off everything, j. ' the wind at. the time being very etror g. At I ' "V^ämminurra 0ne of tho employees had a narrow .r-escape., from a .horrible' -death.- To escape the' -fiâmes he rolled a saddle-cloth round his head ?and lay in a plough furrow' while the fire swept . over him. Great losses of crops, fencing, grass, stock, &c.;, ai*e reported, but the full extent of the damage cannot yet bo ascertained, though it is feared to be enormous. Many selectors south of Springfield have been burnt out. The heat is excessive, and the town is enveloped in smoke. SPRINGWOOD, Dec. 12.-Bush fires are burning all round the district. No roports of damage done by them havo yet come in. ALBURY, Dec. 12.-A farmer at Bowna named Hort lost several tons of crop by a fire in the har vest field on Sunday. The bush fire at Four Corners has extended over an area of five miles, one selector being burnt out. Tho principal damage is on tho UrangalineRun. The liability of fire is very great this year, owing to the heavy grass, and vigilant watch is being kept. A fire was raging beyond Daysdale, a thickly-settled district north of Corowa, on Sunday evening. CAMPBELLTOWN, Dec. 12.-Large bush fires are raging in Wedderburn and Eckersly. ST. MARYS, Dec. 12.-Bush fires are raging in the district, and close to the township. RYLSTONE, Dec. 12.-Extensivo bush fires are burning hero, and are near tho town. DENILIQUIN, Dec. 12.-Several bush fires have occurred on the stations about hero during the past week. One broke out on Warbreccan, adjoin ing the commons, quito close to thc township. The fire spread on to the commons and destroyed j a lot of grass, and but for the council's employees and several, townspeople much more damage would have been done. Efforts were made to prevent the fire from reaching tho cemetery, in ! ' the centre of the commons. It could not be stopped, and the flames destroyed many of the fences round the graves, besides blackening several tombstones. The outside boundary fence was also destroyed by the fire. j TEMORA, Dec. 12.-During the past week the weather has been almost unbearable, the heat ranging from 98degto 106deg yesterday in the shade, with high north- west hot winds and clouds of dust. The sky is overcast with smoke, supposed from a largo fire north of the town. NARRANDERA, December 13.-During the past few days very large bush fireB have been raging in this district. A sensation was caused hero ¡ last evening when a report came to hand that the ? whole of Bynya Station, consisting of 90,000 acres has been destroyed, including a lot of fencing and outhouses. All the selectors in Pleasant Valley, on the run, lost more or less of their crops and nearly all their grass. The fire was on Ballandry on Monday night, and also on Cocopara. Unless rain falls soon it will go to the Lachlan. Another immense fire is raging between Grong Grong and Murril Creek, destroying many acres of crops, most of the grass, outbuildings, and sheep. Murril Creek Station, it is said, has lost all its grass, except 3000 acre s or 4000 acres, machinery sheds and contents, fencing and outbuildings. The fire came into the house garden, and the homestead was, with difficulty, saved. One large selector, it is reported, had 1500 sheep burned to T.. death. The greatest distress exists; and the losses are enormous. GRENFELL, Dec. 13.-For the past few; days the heat has been intense, but to- day it is dull and copier. Large bush fires have been buming, entailing heavy loss. The principal one originated on the Pinnacle Run, on which 7000 acres of grass were destroyed and other damage was done. Scott Brothers, selectors, lost 900 acres of grass and many miles of fencing. Some smaller selec tora suffered the loss of grass and wheat. JERILDERIE, December 13.-Additional particu lars concerning the immense bush fire which has been burning for some days in the district show that 70,000 acres have been burnt at Coree, 2000 at Wonnamurra, all Springfield, with 80 acres of crop, and all Cunningham's. It is as yet unknown what damage has been done behind Springfield. \- Fencing in many placeB has been completely destroyed. It is hard to say where the fire would have stopped but for Wonnamurra firebreaks, which are about half a chain wide, and ploughed on both Bides. A chango to cool occurred last night, which will enable those at work to quench the fires. CONDOBOLIN, December 13 -The town is en veloped in smoke from surrounding bushfires, ' which are burning on both sides of the river. It is reported that Bygolvin Station has been devas tated. NABRANDEEA, Dec. 15.-The bush fires which have been raging during the past week in the districts surrounding Narrandera have been almost extinguished ; but not until a large amount of damage had been done. On the Bynya Station 100,000 acres of grass, together with miles of fencing and a number of sheep, were destroyed. The fire waa 40 -miles long, and extended on a number of selections adjoining Bynya Estate. About 210 acres of standing crops wero burnt, besides a large area of grass and fencing. Alex ander Cruickshank lost 140 acres of his standing crop. . The fire swept over a hundred miles of country, taking all before it, and reached Cocka paria, Nariab, Coonaparia, and Ulonga Stations, burning thousands of acres of grass and miles of fencing. Tho losses among farmers and selectors at Grong Grong from tho recent fires have been very heavy. Numbers of them not only lost grass, but their crops and tho greater part of their fencing. The settlers at Boggy Creek and Devlin's Siding met the same fate, being almost completely burnt out. MUNDAWADDEEA, Monday.-A large bush firo has been raging on portion of Brookong Station for nearly a week. It has proceeded in a north westerly direction, and has traversed over 25 miles in a few days. Several of the settlers on the Urangeline and at Green's Gunyah havo lost a considerable amount of their crops and pastur age. It is feared that tho settlers at Lallah Rook, Mellagong, tho Rock, and Yerong will suffer if the wind continues in the direction it has beon blowing from for tho past 24 hours. YASS, Monday.-For several days big bush fires have been" burning close, to Yass Plains and near Dam Creek. ; An immense area of grass and miles 'of -fencing have been burnt. _ WAGGA, Tuesday.-Bush fires aro raging in the Wagga 'district. "About G OOO acres of grass and a quantity, of fencing wero destroyed on Toowal Run.- A ; small-, quantity of grass was burnt-on tho police paddock near tho town of Wagga, and a largo extent of country was burned between Brookong and Bullenbong. On Sunday a fire broke out on Grubben Run, about a mile and a half from Yerong Creek Railway Station, burning a small amount of grass at Egan Creek. A fire oc curred on Eunonyhareenyha Station last week, but was quickly extinguished by the neighbors. All the grass round Wagga is very dry. The weather keeps fine and comparatively cool for this time of tho year. NARRABRI, Tuesday.-Bush fires aro raging in . the s Nandewar Ranges. The days are very hot, and the nights nice and cool. 