'*Tlub is true lilicr* " when frecborn men, Hw v jHy t» :*tlvistf c.'O |<uhHc, may speak free." lilbTO* THURSDAY, MARCH 23, 1893. PREVENTION OP BUSH FIRES. jlN view of the havoc wrought by bush fires during this season, Mr. Gormly's question to the Government on the subject, published in last i3sue, was a very pertinent one. It is not denied that the present law for the prevention of these disastrous conflagrations is most defective, and should be amended before the next summer heat gives opportunity for still greater disasters, A bill which would meet all the requirements of the case should notovertaxthe ingenuity of Parliament, and, as its necessity is admitted, probably there would be a subsidence of party strife to allow it to be made law. As Mr. Gormly pointed out, a large portion of the evil comes from the provision in the existing Act which allows oooupiers of land to burn straw, stubble, grass, or timber, provided they olear a spice of fifteen feet from all inflammable material. At the season when bush fires usually occur straw or stubble can scarcely be said to be existent in any quantity on settlers' holdings, so the provision applies more particularly to burning off grass or timber. That a clearing of fifteen feet from where a fire is made is sufficient to protect adjoining properties from danger is too nonsensical to require contradiction from those who have any experience of how a bush liro ragps on a hot, windy day. On such a day, for instance, aa last Christ\x=req-\ inas turned out to be, not alone sparks hut burning branches would he carried double that distance by the force of the wind, causing fresh Gres to break ' out in places which might he thought out of danger. When there lias been a favorable spring, caming an abundant supply of grass all over the country, the danger is redoubled. After growth has ceased, a few hot days convert this pasturage into what may be termed, with truth, immense hay paddocks, needing but the smallest spark to break out into a sea of flame, only to be stopped, if stopped at all, by aots of energy and daring few would care to undertake unless after a lengthy training in the Australian bush. But before the flames can be overcome they usually travel over miles of country, burning grass, fences, live stock, and ofttimes the settler has but scant time Riven him to escape from his humble homestead ere the fire has caught the rooftree. There is scarcely a year passes without numerous tales of ruin and destitution coming within the public knowledge, which have been caused solely by theBe dire misfortunes/ And the matter, it may be said, is becoming more, serious as the area placed under agriculture increases, Tbe loss of grass and fences to the settler is a grievous one, but it is slight in comparison to the destruction of growing wheat crops, on which reliance is being placed to meet perhaps pressing liabilities. In this district alone, during the past season, some thousands of acres of wheat must have been (Je. stroyed by bush fires, which means a large money loss, not only to the individuals primarily concerned, but to the country at large. There are, no doubt, conflicting opinions as to' the best mode of treating this question, but it should certainly be within the scope of the Agricultural Department, with the information at its disposal to recommend some feasible scheme which might afterwards be amended bv suggestions coming from members in the House who have practical knowledge on the subject. The best mod., of dealing with the matter, in the opinion of a large number of settlers, would be to forbid, under penal consequences, any 'burnings off" to take pkoe dur! ing that per,od of the year when the danger is most to be feared. There dealing wiM .1 8lr,n*en' Pr0™!°™ fn t 1b hll H Pu r?DS 0aua'ng fires '.°,S«br"'T„eh Offences of thig kinr], no niattM by whom committed, should be made punishable by imprisonment in every case, and when the offenders possessed means enabling them to do so, they should be compelled to compensate the sufferers to the extent of their loss. It may be said by some that if the selec tors took proper precautions they could protect their crops from fire, but it is du ;nTT, efi0tOr Wh0 is o position during the first few ^ struggle to create a homestead, to adopt the expensive methoda of p'rQtecti£ There is"™ ^ fi0"6ra"y recommended. he would ,d°Ub. that in this directi°n would be wise to exercise all due and°aUwhT "f1 COme w!thin hiB means. should th88e whM? h * ,s- also a ™*tter on mieht ho 6 Sn°u^bur^ Dflparfcmenfc advice t0 give some sount3 advice to the farmers. But in any case a very material amendment of the law is required 8nd it ia to be hoped Mr. Gormly will not allow tho matter drop until this is effected. The answer of the Premier on the subject was of the usual unsatisfactory kind, viz,, that " the Government will take the matter into consideration at an early date." We certainly do not nk this reply should be accepted considering the importance of the question. What a Government, pressed on all Bides and with at least a dozen bills before the legislature, mean by "an early date" would, it is feared, be much too late to provide any effective remedy before the bush-fire season again comes round. On the other hand, it would be almost impossible for a private member to take the matter in hand with any chance of success, considering the present state of the busi. nesB-paper. It is therefore the Govern-' mant only that can be looked to to take action, and they should be impelled thereto by strong representations from their followers, backed up by such members of the Opposition as consider thp removal or palliation of a great evil of_ more importance than party wrangling. If this couran is pursued it can be reasonably hoped a measure on the subject will be passed before the session closes. 