GREENSBOROUGH. \--o (FeROM OUR owe CoRRESPONDENT.) Notwithstanding the periodical ex cessively hot days, with strong winds, that have occurred since the 9th February, no recurrence of bushfires have taken place around here, and it is to be hoped that such a day as the 9th may never occur again. It is said by some that witnessed "Black Thursday" that the fire of last month would have been quite equal to that only for the difference in the country being more settled, and consequently the fire met with more check, and of course, although the grass was long in places, there weore parts where-it was very short, which checked the rapid course very largely. As showing the excessive heat radiated by the course of the fire, horses and cattle were con sidersably burned, although in the open paddock; in fact, Mr. Franklin's (near the Dry Oreek) cow, calf, and two pigs are very much burned, the calf and pigs' feet are so much burned that they can scarcely walk yet. I walked over some of the ground' since, and I never salw the surface burned so deeply, showing how terribly hot the fire was in places. The greatest plunger in business could .ne complain at the manner in which the present Ministry are dashitig througli'the business; it is well that the session is near its close, or at this rate I anm afraid there would be nothing left for hon. members to do. It seems that they have been so used to the " sleepy, l happygo-lucky" Shiels Ministry that they do not seem to be aware that Messrs. Patterson and Car-ter are driving thetm at such a rate. According to the Age, Mr. Greaves hals already " kicked over the traces." It fairly takes one's breath away to see the rate they are going. I hope the recess may give all breathing time, so that when another start is made the team may see their course clear, so that a worse accident. (than tte one above alluded to) may not occur. One thing is to be hoped, that is, that they are not going to carry their retrench ment scheme to excess. For instance, it is reported that theo mil service is going to be reduced to one mail per day on this line. Surely such a course will not be adopted for the paltry amount which would be saved. Fancy Greeusblorough, 13 miles, and Diamond Creek, 16 miles from Melbourne, being at such a disadvantage. By one mail per day we must either haven morning mail, which would mean that it would take two -whole days to send a letter to Melbourne and got a reply; or else an evening mail, which would mean that two or'three hundred miles up country will be better posted in current news than we, who are within 13 miles of Melbourne. It is to be hoped that the public will hold meetings in both places and protest against such a course. More especially as it seems probable that the railway extension will be commenced at no distant date, and then at double mail service will be even more a necessity. - - Saturday last was an exceptionally busy day hore. The Coopers' Society held a pie-nic in what is known as Parker's naddock, and everything possed off" well, everyone seeming to etnjoy themselves thoroughly. Be tween one and two hundred persons were present. Of course the great topic, tug-of-war, was brought on, some of the Greensborough ladS hear ing a challenge thrown out that they (the pic-nicers) had a man who would pull any man in the place for a pound. Of course that was quite enough for Greensborough enthusiasts; the pound was soon forthcoming, and William Poulter and the wonderful "tug-of- war man" from Melbourne had, I was going to say, a tug, but that would not be true, for Poulter simply pulled his man over twice without a struggle. But the greatest excitement of the day was the cricket match, Greene-s. borough v. Elthamn, the stumps being drawn for the day on the under standing that the Elbham players are to tcome over on Saturday next ta fitish the game. This is a very unusual thing around here, to have a two-days' match, and the finish is looked forward to with considerable interest. Of course it is distinctly understood that the same team is to finish, as no change will be allowed. Greensborough has lost five wickets for 155. 