SUMMER is waning, and with the first winds of winter, the destitute condi- tion of the unemployed will deepen into terrible distress unless means can be taken for their effectual assistance. The Government is understood to be carefully considering the problem, and to be of opinion that it is undesirable to attempt to continue purely relief works in the Melbourne district, as tending to create anew class of State pensioners, and to concentrate distress in huge masses in the very quarter where it is least easily dealt with. But Ministers are apparently well acquainted with the magnitude of the task before them, of which, indeed, they have ample evidence upon every hand. The building trades and furni- ture trades are practically dead for the time, since houses enough have been built to last a generation, and furni- ture has been imported which will keep all warehouses stocked for the next five years. What the extinction of all industries relating to the household meansi s easily understood. Carpenters, bricklayers, plumbers, masons, plas- terers, decorators, laborers, joiners, cabinetmakers, and others are, as whole trades, entirely without employ- ment, and though in the past twelve months thousands of men following these industries have left Melbourne, yet the volume of work is so far diminished that the proportion of distress is little altered. The Trades Associations have in many instances no longer the power to help their members, since a large proportion of the unions have but little money coming in. One society, which three years ago had 2000 financial members, has now only fifty, and many others have given up all hope of active operations for the present. Unionists and non-unionists all are alike dis- pirited and despairing, and are ready to take any work at any wages. As one poor fellow said:—“Three years and a half ago I could earn £4 to £4 10s per week. Eighteen months ago the whole trade seemed to melt away, and for ten months I have not earned enough to keep me in tobacco.” “ If I could get it I would accept the wages of a blackfellow rather than see my wife and children want.” Unfortunately the provincial dis- tricts are quite unable to absorb any large proportion of the unemployed now congregated within the metropoli- tan area, even though there is no doubt that they originally contributed numbers of the workmen who are so much in need of help for thousands of men can, very possibly, be made in the country; but it will have to be by entirely new develop- ments, and cannot be looked for from present employers. The Government, in this respect, may do something by at once hurrying on with the railways already authorised, by pressing the drainage of swamp lands, and by utilising the Village Settlement Scheme in the neighborhood of exist- ing lines. It is suggested Mel- bourne paper that there are reserves near the Koruraburra coal mines which might be utilised in connection with the lines to Jumbunna and Strezlecki, where a thousand men will presently gain employment. If village settlements can be established in these districts, the mines will be worked at a lower expense, as the men will be on the spot ready to be engaged when wanted. Village settlements might also be constructed in the water trust areas, where now the water so expensively procured is running to waste. Some- thing may be done in the mallee dis- tricts, where men might be put on to roll, clear, and plough the blocks which Government now holds. Next session, when the legislative difficulty has been overcome and the blocks are leased, they will be ready for cultivation; and as the House meets in May or June, there need be little delay in settling the question. Fortunately, an encouraging change has taken place in the temper of the men themselves. They are anxious to take any work they can get, are willing to accept any wages, have abandoned their old objections to leave town, and have obtained much clearer ideas as to the desirableness of settlement on small blocks of land. One man, a member of the Timber Trades’ Union, said— “ I apprehend there are many Crown reserves near centres of industry where a man, with a very small allot- ment—in many cases half an acre— might make it reproductive.” This speech in itself shows that the old spirit in which each man demanded the work to which he had been accus- tomed is dying away. Indeed, half the suggestions for dealing with the people cheaply and effectively come from the sufferers themselves. We have no Minister of Labor as they have in France, and as they will have in future in England, where a Labor Department is to be created in con- nection with the Board of Trade. But Australia will come something nearer to the description of “ a paradise for the working man” when the Govern- ment does institute a separate agency for dealing with the multifarious aspects of the labor question. Nor was there ever so favorable a time for Ministerial organisation as now, when labor has abated many of the claims which pre- vented its cause from being generally advocated, when the one cry is for work, at any wages, which will afford an honest living, and when the de- pression among all classes compels a more moderate spirit, by showing how intimately dependent all classes are upon each other and how widely spread is the sympathy which has been extended from all sides to the unem- ployed in their hour of distress. There seems to be little reason for the indignation expressed by the South Australian Banking fraternity con- cerning the Act providing that un- claimed moneys, after remaining in the banks for six clear years, shall revert to the State, which thereafter undertakes the responsibility of ac- counting for the same to any lawful claimant. The State is the natural and legal heir of intestates whose re- lations cannot be found, and has from time immemorial exercised that right. The banks in which funds belonging to an intestate without family or heirs have been deposited have no right, moral, legal, or equitable, to the money; and the property of a person who permanently disappears, leaving no trace behind, is practically in the position of an intestate estate. There is very little chance of the in- terference of the Imperial Government, which will indeed scarcely understand the grounds of the appeal, excepting upon the technical point that the Act is retrospective, for as far as the right of the Crown to moneys without any ap- parent owner is concerned, there is no doubt whatever. A branch of the offices of the Commissioners of Na- tional debt exists for the special pur- pose of dealing with such funds, and even unclaimed dividends fall into their possession, while the Bank of England itself is subject to their in- vestigation. Excepting as a matter of convenience and regulation the Act probably need not have been passed at all, for the rights of the Crown could be established in the Law Courts. Nor is there much force in the objec- tion that the Act is retrospective. Any Act which deals with property already existing, must to a certain extent be retrospective. The really surprising thing about the whole busi- ness is that the banks should claim money that is clearly not theirs, and should resist the enforcement of a right upon which the Crown has always in- sisted. No doubt the result of the ap- peal will be carefully watched by the Treasurers of Victoria and other colo- nies to whom it will afford a very use- ful hint in times like the present, when there are such heavy drains upon their resources. Only the absolute necessity that at such a juncture as this, Victoria should be represented in London by a trusted political leader, would reconcile the public to the departure of Mr GILLIES, whose abilities have never been more highly appreciated than they are at this moment. Indeed, his great expe- rience, his skill in debate, and his personal influence give him ex- traordinary power in the Assembly. The situation he will have to deal with is critical. There is a five per cent. loss of £2,107,000 to be met in London next New Year’s day, and many of the unfair attacks upon Aus- tralian credit which have been made by British financial journals have had no other aim than the desire to compel the Victorian Government to renew this loan upon unfavorable terms. So far the Cabinet has proved equal to the emergency, and Mr GILLIES takes to London a message of independence. He will be able to inform the loan buyers that if they do not choose to agree to fair and reason able conditions the Government will raise half the money in Melbourne by a local loan. Mr GILLIES is the very man to make such a mission perfectly clear without arousing need- less irritation. He will reach London early in May, and will have seven clear months before him in which to make his arrangements. Long before that period is over our English cousins will have a much better knowledge of Victorian finances, and will probably have formed a fairly high opinion of a Victorian financier. In all communities the professional beggar who won’t work, and probably could not, from long disuse, make his exertions of any value, is a pest to the charitable and a curse to the honest poor, whom he disgraces and hinders of the assistance to which they have a lawful claim. To repress this class of impostors, and to direct the really de- serving to those charities intended for the benefit of their particular cases, is the work of the Charity Organisation Society, an association which answers to the famous Mendicity Society of London. The fifth annual report of the Melbourne society has just been issued, and it presents very forcible tes- timony to the utility of the association. Some of the impositions it has detected are almost comically disgraceful. Thus, in one case, “ a gentlewoman, with a private income of £165 per annum,” succeeded in obtaining £60 in a short time from local charitable bodies. In another, a man who inherited £2000 in New Zealand in 1890 was begging in Melbourne in 1890, but refused the work offered to his family. A third was given work, and enquiry showed that he was receiving aid from four different bodies, while a clergyman, who thus became acquainted with the case, found that the man filled so apparently respectable a position that he had been asked to take a class in his Sunday school ! In a fourth case a woman who had herself collected £17 on pretext of paying passages to England interested a charitable lady, who obtained a large sum, from which she advanced the applicant £50 in cash to take second-class passages for herself and husband. This precious pair pocketed the money, and never went to England at all, leaving the lady to return the balance to the donors, and to explain the deception in the best way she could. It is not wonderful that a tinge of harshness pervades the report of a society mainly occupied in discovering and preventing fraud. The report reads like an amplification of the Northern Farmer’s bold assertion—“ The poor, in a lump, is bad.” Fortunately, the Charity Organisation Society only deals with the enquiry department, and does not in any way stop the action of the benevolent societies it informs, to whom, indeed, it is exceed- ingly useful by preventing a waste of resources. The Premier (writes our Melbourne cor- respondent) says it is likely he will be able to redeem a promise he made some time ago to visit Ballarat during the early part of May. By that time he expects to have the retrenchment and other schemes at present under consideration, perfected, and it is extremely probable that bis visit to Bal- larat may be made the occasion of delivering an important public utterance. At the invitation of the Minister of Edu- tion, representatives of the technical schools in Melbourne, Ballarat, Geelong, and Ben- digo met yesterday in conference to discuss the recent regulations issued by the depart- ment. The conference (writes our Melbourne correspondent) sat till a late hour this evening, and will sit again to-morrow, their proceedings being private. No disclosure of their proceedings is to be made until the resolutions arrived at are submitted to the Minister. Mr J. McWhae, chairman of the Mel- bourne Stock Exchange, yesterday tele- graphed to the chairman of the Ballarat Exchange as follows:—“ Bank shareholders getting over panic; good feeling generally. Commercials, 75s." In the early part of the year 1864 the Hon. E. Steinfeld, P.G., initiated a proposition in the North Star Lodge, M.U.. for the pur- pose of taking steps to establish an orphan asylum. The result was that a joint com- mittee of the four Ballarat lodges of the M.U. was formed. It met in the district chambers on the 11th May, 1864, and de- cided upon getting up a concert, the proceeds from which should form the nucleus of an orphan asylum fund. The concert was held in the Mechanics’ Hall on the 29th June, and realised a profit of over £100. The result of this beginning is the magnificent pile of buildings which grace the top of Victoria street. The M.U.I O.O.F., wishingcto carry on the good work begun so long ago, intend holding a church parade in the Academy of Music on Sunday next, when a collection will be taken up on behalf of the abovenamed institution. Archdeacon Green will conduct the service, and it is hoped the appeal will be liberally responded to. The bushfire on Mount Warrenheip was still burning yesterday, and judging by the heavy volumes of smoke arising the fire must have traversed a considerable area. St. Patrick’s Day will be celebrated to- morrow with the usual race meeting and sports on the Miners’ racecourse, and there is every promise of this being as successful as previous festivals have been. The proces- sion will be marshalled at 11 o’clock at St. Patrick’s Cathedral, and will proceed along the north side of Sturt street to the Burke and Wills’ monument, back along the south side as far as Pleasant street, and via that street to the course. The racing programme contains six events, most of which are fairly well filled, and a good day’s sport may be looked forward to. In addition to this a number of pedestrian events and dancing competitions will be brought off at intervals between the races, and patrons should spend a pleasant day. The miners at the Springs do not view the Chinese with favor, so they sent, through Mr Vale, M.L.A., a petition to the Minister of Mines, complaining that theChinese sluicing interfered with legitimate mining. Mr Vale repeatedly interviewed s the depart- ment, but could get no decisive reply. Finally it was intimated that the Minister of Mines would inspect the ground, and that on Saturday next he, in company with the Secretary of Mines, Mr. A. W. Hewitt, would visit Little Bendigo and the Springs. Messrs McDonald and Morrison, J’s P., attended at the City Police Court yesterday to deal with the adjourned maintenance case of Foley v Monahan. At the close of the plaintiff’s case, Mr Tuthill raised several legal points, which were combatted by Mr Barrett and overruled by the bench. Counsel for the defence then addressed the court, after which the magistrates retired to con- sider their verdict. On returning into court the chairman announced that an order would be made against the defendant, who would have to contribute 10s a week towards the maintenance of his child, and would also have to find two approved sureties in £25 to see that the order was obeyed. £6 8s costs were allowed to the plaintiff. Mr Tuthill asked that proceedings might be stayed for a week in order to allow his client an oppor- tunity to apply for an order to review. Mr Barrett objected to the application, and urged that if it was allowed there was nothing to prevent the defendant from leaving the colony. The magistrates said that the sureties would have to be entered into before the defendant left the court. Mr Tuthill argued that as this was a civil proceeding there was no power to detain the defendant in custody. After considerable discussion the magistrates said the defendant would have to be detained in custody until the surety bonds were com- pleted. Mr Tuthill said he was satisfied the proceeding was illegal, and he would instruct his client to leave the court, and anyone who arrested him would do so at his own risk. Monahan, under instructions from his council, then rose and walked towards the door, but was immediately arrested by Senior-Constable Downey. During the afternoon the sureties were entered into and the defendant was discharged from the gaol. It is stated that Monahan will appeal from the decision of the bench. The Barwon Regatta passed off most suc- cessfully yesterday, and our local crews again gave a good account of themselves, Our tipster, “ Quiz,” was again very suc- cessful , nominating five out of six winners, The crews were warmly welcomed by their friends on arriving at the Western station last night. It appears that the arrangements for the St. Patrick’s Day celebration have not given entire satisfaction, as a number of the resi- dents of Ballarat East feel aggrived(sic) that the procession is not to proceed as far as Humffray street, which has usually been done. The committee at their meeting to- night will be waited upon by a large deputa- tion to request them to alter their decision. In connection with the festival everything else is proceeding most satisfactorily, and an enjoyable day is anticipated. Mr J. J. Fitzgerald, J P., the general manager, yes- terday received a donation towards the funds of £2 2s from Mr Duncan Love (McNaughton, Love, and Co.). The autumn show in connection with the Ballarat Horticultural Society opens at the Alfred Hall today. The entries are un- usually large, and judging by the list of competitors the exhibition will be one of the finest yet held. The judging will be done to-day, and in the evening the show will be open to the public. West’s string band has been engaged, and will play a programme of music. At the Town Police Court yesterday a female nuisance named Jane White was charged with vagrancy. The defendant, who was arrested by Constable McConville was sent to gaol for three months. The Assyrian woman, named Mary Antoni, who on Monday evening gave herself up to Senior Constable Nedwell, as she was in destitute circumstsnces, was brought up on a charge of vagrancy. It appeared, however, that Mrs Nedwell, Mrs G. Welch, Mrs J. Thomp- son, and other kindliearted ladies had in- terested themselves in the case, and had collected enough money to enable the un- fortunate woman to join some of her countrymen at Shepparton. Under the cir- cumstances the magistrates discharged her, ami Senior Constable Nedwell saw her safely off by train. Two persons arrested for drunkenness were discharged. Messrs King, Scott, Josephs, and Peady, J’s.P., pre- sided. The teams match in connection with the Ballarat Rifle Club was fired yesterday at the butts, Winter’s paddock. The shooting throughout the day was unusually good, but owing to some incomplete arrangements, the scoring was not compiled at the close of the contest. It will, however, be published in a day or two. The match was won by the Ballarat Club, the highest score being obtained by Mr Frank White. In the even- ing the visiting teams were entertained at a banquet at McKenzie’s dining rooms, where a few pleasant hours were spent in toasting, singing, reciting, &c.; Three years ago Dr Whitcombe and Colonel Greenfield, accompanied by Mr J. Sloan, of Allendale, distributed a number of young trout in Birch’s Creek. A resident of Allendale fishing below Kingston on Tuesday made a haul of a fine specimen weighing 4½ lb. Mr Sloan immediately procured the fish, and after packing it up carefully sent it on to the colonel as a sample of the result of his speculation. Mr J. N. Wilson yesterday submitted to public auction the property at the corner of Lydiard and Muir streets, comprising the Royal George hotel, Mr Clolz’s hairdressing saloon, Messrs Abraham Bras’, tobacconists’ shop, and Mr G. Abraham’s loan office. The hotel is rented by Mrs Mullins, who holds the license until May, 1895. The entire property, which has a frontage of 45 feet by a depth of 105 feet, realises a net annual rental of £390. The bidding started at £3000, and increased rapidly until £5600 was reached. From this it slowly rose to £5640, at which price it was purchased by Messrs Tulloch and Sons. The next highest bidder was Mr McPhee, the well-known coach proprietor. The figure obtained is regarded by property-holders as a very good one, and seeing that the buildings when last sold only brought £4,100, goes to prove the retention of confidence in City pro- perty. Colonel Greenfield and Messrs Whykes, Retallack, Curthoys, and Rail, J’s.P., pre- sided at the City Police Court, yesterday. Thomas Allen, charged with attempted im- position, was remanded till to-day. Peter Collins was charged with drunkenness, and also with resisting Constable Slater. As the defendant had not been previously in trouble he was discharged. Three offenders were charged with drunkenness, one of whom was fined 5s, the other two were discharged. One of the’defendants contributed 10s to the poor box. Proposals have been under consideration recently for considerably altering the consti- tution of tile Ballarat District Licensed Victuallers Association, and amalgamating it with another body, so as to extend its in finance. The question is to be submitted to a special meeting to be called next week. A sitting of the Warden’s Court was held yesterday at the City Courthouse, before Mr Warden Foster. The only case to be dealt with was William F. O. Gilbert v William C. Strong. This was an application by the plaintiff to have it declared that the defend- ant illegally obtained registration of and illegally occupies a residence area situate at Cardigan street, Ballarat. Mr Pearson ap- peared for Gilbert, and Mr Barrett for Strong. By mutual consent it was decided that the hearing of the case should be adjourned till this day week, at 11 a.m. An excursion to Ballarat in connection with the Church of England Sunday-school of Stawell, took place yesterday. A large number of visitors arrived by a special train and proceeded to the Botanical Gardens, where a very enjoyable day was spent. Games, trips on the lake, and other pastimes were freely indulged in, and all appeared well pleased with the arrangements made for the day’s eating. Two men, named William Jones and Wil- liam Brown, were arrested last evening by Constables McPherson and O’Connor and placed in the Town lockup on a charge of stealing two tons of wood, valued at 12s 6d from Dr Pinnock’s paddock, Warrenheip. A man named James Taylor was also an in- mate of the watchhouse last evening, having been arrested by Constable Gardiner on a charge of assaulting some person unknown. The demand for the tickets in connection with Ironworkers’ Association excursion has been so great that the supply of adult tickets has run out. The secretary, however is endeavoring to have a few of the appreciation tickets endorsed for adults. Should he be successful these will be on sale this morning, at the railway station, prior to the starting of the excursion. The success of the outing, from a numerical point of view, is thus assured, and, given fine weather, the excursionists should enjoy themselves thoroughly. An old man named George Woods called at the City watchhouse last night and stated that he had no place to go to and desired to be locked up. Woods was in- carcerated on a charge of vagrancy, and will appear before the magistrates at the City Court this morning. The usual meeting of the committee of the Ballarat Poultry and Dog Society was held on Friday night at the society’s rooms, when, after transacting the ordinary busi- ness, the president (Mr C. Phillips) sub- mitted the report of the sub committee appointed at a previous meeting to draw up a syllabus for monthly meetings of members of the society. The syllabus was unani- mously approved of and adopted, and was as follows, dates to be fixed and succeeded in due course:—March—Paper to be read by the president. April—Paper on Leghorne, May—Cochins. June— Feeding; general management and preparation for shows. July—Pigeons. August—Paper on the mas- tiff and St. Bernard. These papers will be most interesting and instructive, and the meetings will be open to members of the society and their friends. It was also de- cided to hold a social in connection with the society at an early date to inaugurate its third year's existance. Attention is called to the programme the grand concert to be held in the Academy of Music to morrow evening, in connection with St. Patrick's Day festival, the proceeds, from which are to be devoted to the building fund of a boys’ school at Redan. A donating from the proceeds will be given to the Queensland Floods relief fund. As the pro- gramme is a first-class one it is to be expected, from the way the tickets are going off, that there will be a bumper house. The remains of Mr Patrick Guerin, late governor of the Ballarat Gaol, who died suddenly at Sydney on Monday, are to be buried at Geelong to- day. A benefit concert in aid of Mr Campion who is in distressed circumstances, was given at the South street Debating Society's Hall last evening. There was a good at- tendance of the public, and the entertainment provided was very enjoyable. The pro- gramme, which consisted of songs, recita- tions, &c.;, was provided by the following:— Mesdames Ferguson, Marshall, Misses Webb, Phillips, Payne, and Graham, and Messrs Hannah, T. G. Phillips, Humphreys, Hudson, Page, Sleep, Martin, Sara, Graham, and Master Webb. The many friends of Mr Harry Ireton will be very much pleased tn hear that he has been appointed manager of Mr Reid's wine establishment, Lydiard street. Mr Ireton was for many years the popular manager of the Ballarat Club, where he made hosts of friends. Mr Ireton is an excellent judge of wines, so that he is well qualified for the post. Within the last month bush-fires have been very prevalent around here (writes our Corindhap correspondent). About three weeks ago Mrs Beilair, of Dereel, had a large quantity of grass and fencing destroyed, and had it not been for the energy displayed by the neighbors the homestead would have been burnt down; as it was a large shed in which a lot of farm stores were placed was completely destroyed. Water and grass is becoming very scarce around here. In connection with the proposal to exclude from the State schools all children outside the ages of from 6 to 13 years, it is esti- mated (says the Advertiser) that 1 in 4 of the scholars now attending the Creswick schools will be debarred from pursuing their studies under the State system. Under the Edica- tion Amendment Act a school of from 300 to 350 has a male assistant, but a school of 350 to 400 is not allowed a male assistant. This will, it is expected, cause the early re- moval of Mr W. Thorpe from the Creswick Central school and Mr C.E. Webster from the Allendale school. No fewer than 56 male assistants and 84 female assistants will be removed in this way, and their places are to be taken by 210 pupil teachers and paid monitors, who will be practically pupils from the sixth class. It is worthy of note however, that candidates for these positions must be over 14 years of age and pupils of a State school, whereas the regulations pro- vide for the exclusion of children over 13 years of age. This position has apparently escaped the attention of the heads of the department. The following is the official memorandum concerning the agreement arrived on Monday between the associated banks and the Government:—“In regard to the agreement among the associated banks for mutual assistance, the matter has been considered by Mr John Sawers, superintendent of the Bank of Australasia, who has become a party to the understanding, and this oppor- tunity is taken, in view of articles which appeared in the Melbourne newspapers, to define accurately to what extent the associ- ated banks accept the obligation in question, namely, that thpy will render financial assistance to each other on such terms and to such an extent as may seem justifiable to each of them, if and when the occasion arises.” In financial circles in London (according to an Age cablegram) the news of the agreement has been received with grati- fication. The opinion is expressed that the arrangement will restore confidence if the terms of the agreement are fully observed. Just before 8 o’clock on Tuesday night information came to the police that a man named Thompson had received a most serious stab from an Italian. The wounded man was immediately removed to Dr Slee- man’s surgery for treatment, and the latter (says the Herald) pronounced it a serious affair, stating that the man’s life was in danger. Constable Cox set out t to arrest the accused, and after much trouble found the fellow lying in his bunk with his clothes and boots on. He was arrested and hand- cuffed. On being brought before the court yesterday morning he was remanded. The wounded man passed the night in great pain. The Wesleyan conference of Victoria and Tasmania closed its sessions on Tuesday morning. Two subjects of more than de- nominational interest were discussed at the closing session. On the motion of Dr Watkin it was resolved to request the Mel- bourne Methodist council to arrange for a conference between representatives of the working classes and the Wesleyan Church to consider the causes of the alienation of many of the working classes from the churches. The Rev. S. Knight had gives a notice of motion relative to the poor of Melbourne, and Dr Watkin another referring to work for the unemployed. These were combined, and it was agreed to request the council of the churches to arrange for a conference between representatives of the churches and philanthropic societies to consider the condi- tion of the poor of Melbourne and the suburbs, with special reference tn work being provided for the unemployed, so that those willing and able to work may not have to appeal for charity to sustain themselves and their families. The Commissioners nf Railways held a lengthy consultation on Tuesday with the Premier. Mr Patterson (says the Age) had explained to them his desire that they should, if possible, make further economies in the management of their department to effect a saving of another £100,000 a year. The Commissioners were able to present the Minister with a sketch of practicable retrench- ments which would provide for an annual reduction in expenditure of £130,000. Mr Patterson reflected on the general scope of the scheme with approval, and left it in the Commissioners hands for completion. The scheme will involve the retirement of sexa- genarians entitled to pensions, and the dis- missal of superfluous hands in all the branches. A half-caste named James Patton has been committed for trial for grievously assaulting on old man named John Smith, at Burk's Cave, Barrier district, on 21st February. Evidence showed that Patton and two mates arrived at the Cave in an intoxicated con- dition. They were reprimanded for bad conduct by the mail groom at that place. Patton (reports the Age) was so enraged that he shot the groom’s dog, and mistaking Smith for the groom, laid his face open with an axe, inflating a terrible wound, and broke one of his ribs with a blow of a hammer. 