PAVING THE WAY A ROMANCE OF THE AUS TRALIAN BUSH. By SIMPSON 2JEWLAND. IPablished by special arrangement with, the Author. All rights reservedj PAET I.— ON THE COAST. . ChaptekX— ThbShjpvteeck. On one of the latter days of November 183—, as night fell a brie; might have been seen approaching the western point of Kanga roo Island, which is now named Gape Borfla, anduponwhich stands one of the South Aus tralian Government lighthouses. The southern coast of_ the island is bold, rock-bound, and inaccessible, and long, heavy ocean rollers break unceasingly upon it. Lying across the rnouth of St. Vincent Gulf, like a recumbent lion guarding the path to its lair, the island itselr seems the gum guardian of the calmer waters within. The day had been bot and Bultry, and the evening Bet in dark and threatening; black storm clouds rose piled one tapon another to the north-west, and among them the forked lightning already began to play in quick flashes. The wind had sunk to an occasional puff, .which Bcarcely ruffled the surface of the sullen sea ; and the sails of the vessel flapped loudly as she swung from side to side when the long rollers passed under her. According to present ideas of naval architec ture Bhe was a clumsily built craft, broad in the beam and bluff in the bows, evidently as slow as she was strong. Immediately below her bowsprit was the roughly carved figure of a woman, to tbe full as buxom as the ship her self. On one side of this figure was the name 'Mary,' on the other. 'London.' Had any one stepped 'on deck, too, he would soon have gathered further particulars respecting her voyage and passengers. The cry of 'Laud, ho 1' had brought her captain quickly up from below, followed by all hands. He was a man about 6 ft. high, with a strong resolute face, lighted np by fearless grey eyes. Earnestly he scanned through his glass the iron-bound coast, and then, as he noticed the gathering storm clouds, an anxious look passed over his face. 'Take in sail and make all Bnng aloft,' said he to the mate, who stood near, 'there's heavy 'weather to the nor'-west, and we must keep off the land. I can see it's not quits a feather bed for anyone to tumble into.' A handsome, bright-faced boy about sixteen years of age, with light brown hair and dark blue eyes, overheard the words. 'Is that Fort Jackson heads, captain, that you have so often tcld me to look out for ?' he asked with a gay laugh that showed he was a privileged person. 'No, my boy, I wish it were,' replied the captain ; 'we've got a bit farther to go before we get there ; but a storm is coming up that will push us along at oar best pace. Now, tell your mother to go below, for she is not strong enough to stand a wetting, and it will rain in torrents presently.' The boy bad early in the voyage gained the master's tavor by his frank, fearless manner, and each Bay had drawn them closer together. . His father, an English gentleman named Roger Grantley, had come to the owners of tbe Mary with, the highest recommendations, -'. and taken the best quarters in the ship for him self and family, consisting of his wife, his son, and a servant maid, a pleasant, ruddy-faced girl of 19, Peggy Puce by name. Roger Grantley was. a scion of an old Cumbrian family, once wealthy and powerful. The head of the house, at the time of the Derwentwater rebellion, had joined the ill-fated peer who led it, and taken a prominent part jin the . straggle. After fighting bravely for 'the king over the water,' he lost his head on the Bcaffold, and his estates were confiscated. Such is a brief summary of the decline of the race. At first the ruin seemed irretrievable, but later, by the interest of influential con nections by marriage and other friends who had supported the winning side, the baronetcy and the greater part of the estates had been restored to the descendants of the be . headed rebel. The property, however, re quired nursing, if the Grantleys of Grantley Hall were ever to hold their heads high again, and each succeeding head of the house, had devoted his energies to the restoration of its former glories. Roger's elder brother, Sir Archibald, -was no exception to this rule. He considered it much more important to build up the wealth and position of the family than \- to supply the requirements of members of it who were not necessary to its dignity or con tinued existence. For a time Roger had taken matters philosophically, and apparently meant tc allow the owner of the estate the privilege of supporting him. He soon, however, dls . covered his mistake, as the baronet peremp torily declined this honor. This occurred at about the time he arrived at what are called 'years of discretion' — though it may be doubted if Roger ever reached that^stage — and realisedthathewastaeyoangestof ihteesons. It . then began to dawn upon him that ' * something ?must be done.' So he married a reputed heiress, of a family nearly as proud as his own, though somewhat looked down upon by the leading magnates of thatexclusivecounty, and by so doing annoyed Sir Archibald, who disliked the lady and despised the preten sions 'of her people. For a while, however, all went fairly welL She bore him one son— the boy who was on board the brig— and two daughters. Meanwhile the baronet married with the highly practical purpose of providing himself with an heir. In due time he begat a son, who was followed a few years later by a little girL The second brother, not to be out done also took to himself a wife, whodied ingiv ing birth to twins, both boys. The successful advent of these heirs-male appeared effectually . to extinguish all hope of Roger's son inherit ing the great Grantley estates. Then another disaster followed. The income settled upon . his wife on the security of her father's estate could no longer be paid in consequence of a claim to the property having been set up. The Roger Grantleys now found themselves reduced to the most meagre income. Finding .. that nothing was to be expected from the gene rosity of relatives, and rendered more proudly sensitive than ever by these reverses, they determined to seek better fortune in a distant land, and ultimately decided to go to New South Wales and take up grants of land then offered by' the .Government to new settlers. The daughters were left in charge of a spinster aunt on the father's side to finish their educa tion. Collecting the few thousand pounds still, left, Mr. Grantley took passage in the Mary. A bitterly disappointed, broken man, accustomed to all the luxuries and refinements of life, he deeply felt the discomforts of the small vessel, and what he was pleased to call 'his exile.' Hypochondriacai by nature, the monotony of the voyage told so severely upon him that from the first day he languished, and at the end of three months his body was com mitted to thn rieen. Mentally, Mrs. Grantley much resembled her husband. Never very strong in health, the privations inseparable from the pro tracted voyages of the sailing ships of that period impaired her spirit and strength. Like him, pride of family was her most striking characteristic, and when he died she felt isolated and alone, among people sha con sidered vastly her inferiors. She, however, had rcade a sort of friend and confidant of the captain, even in this excusing herself under the unspoken plea that it was for the sake of her son. Poor woman, the traditions of the past had taught her to believe that Bhe was almost of superior clay to the ordinary mortals around her, an idea which her training and education had'served only to foster. Peggy. Puce did all she could for her mistress, but they had now been five months on the sea, and the luxuries and comforts brought with them had long been exhausted. Mo. wonder the unhappy lady pined away day by day. The only other woman on board was a Mrs. Cantling, the wife of a . young fellow - going out to join some friends in or near Sydney, who were . doing well, and anxious to gather some kinsfolk ' around them to share their eood fortune and possibly relieve their solitude. The rest of ' the passengers were mostly men in the prime of life, strong stalwart countrymen, who looked fit to cope with the difficulties and dangers incidental to a new colony. There was one of quite another type — a short spare man, whose features proclaimed his Jewish origin. With restless movements and furtive glances he glided along the deck addressing no one. His fellow-passengers had early come to the conclusion that his occupation had been that of a moneylender not satisfied with less than cent, per cent. As a matter of fact, he had also been a receiver of stolen goods, or in thieves' parlance, 'a fence,' in a low part of London, ±-inding things becoming too hot to be pleasant or safe, he decided to transfer him eeli and the proceeds of a noli unsuccessful career to Port Jackson, where he confidently anticipated meeting many old acquaintances and being able to open up a lucrative business. Including crew and passengers the Mary carried some 50 souls, many of Jthem weary of the long voyage and eager to lee the land of their adoption. Old at starting, her timbers were considerably strained by the rough weather they bad met with on the voyage, and this caused the master to view with some trepidation the tempestuous weather now threatening. Brave and skilful sailor as he was, Mb experience told him that their posi tion was fraught with peril. A dangerous coast to leeward with no safe harbor for many miles, an nnseaworthy ship carrying 50 human beings dependent upon him for safety, and a furious hurricane about to burst upon them ; such wa3 the situation he had to face. The boy had gone below with bis mother, and most of the other passengers had fol lowed his example, leaving the sailors to combat the advancing storm as best they could. In a few minutes more it came — a - blinding flash of lightning, accompanied rather than followed by an awful crash of thunder, and a tempest of wind and rain. Thrown over on her side, it seemed as if the vessel would never Cigh,t again j then, eloffly, denuded of all her upper gear, with masts broken of&a; few feet from the deck and all the. boats gone, she re covered and drove on, a helpless wreck. With the instinct of a true- sailor, the captain had held on to the wheel, and now, with the assistance of a stalwart seaman, endeavored to keep her before the wind. The mate and half the men had gone overboard at the first shook ; the others crept back from the shattered bul warks, bruised and half-drowned, and clung to the stumps of the masts for supoort against the seas that swept the deck. The blackness of darkness enveloped them in a mantle no sight could penetrate; but, though helpless and continually drenched by the waves break ing over the ship, the brave men stuck to their posts, ever- hoping that an abatement of the storm would allow them to gain some control over the wreck. When, morning broke, its greatest violence seemed over, and the master ventured below. He then found his worst fears verified ; the strained, timbers had parted, and there were already several feet of water in the hold. From the nature of the cargo he did not anticipate the brig would sink, yet it was evident that the passengers would be driven on deck. Shelterless, with the tempest still raging, what a prospect for the women and the boy ! Warning them all that in the course of a few hours, at moat, they must leave their present retreat, he urged them to eat a' good meal of whatever was to be had, and provide them selves with all the warm clothing available. Though the land could not be seen the ship was drifting parallel with the coast, and gradually settling down in the water, the seas still frequently sweeping over her. Before midday the whole of the survivors were col lected round the stumps of the shattered masts, to which tbe weaker were lashed securely to prevent their being washed away. Constantly soaked as they were by the blinding spray on the nearly unprotected deck ot the now utterly helpless wreck, the situation appeared as hopeless as it well could be. Night again set in upon the miserable people collected in. a shivering group on the highest part of the deck, driving they- knew not whither. Suddenly, for a moment only, just before nightfall, the. 'sick storm-clouds parted, revealing to the weEt a noble headland with a flag floating from its summit ; then the rift closed and it was lost. It caught . tbe watchful eye of the captain, and a gleam of hope lighted. up\his face. ' Land, and inhabited !' he exclaimed, and each wretch there felt less desolate when he heard that other human beings were near. Then the blackness of night add the tempest enveloped them, as they drifted, all unwit tingly, past the last) chance of succour. 'Friends,' said the master, 'let all who may reach land remember that at this hour we passed a high bluff to the westward, and on it a flag was plainly flying. Probably there is a settlement near, and by following the coast line it may be reached.' Tbe mother heard the words and. repeated them to her boy ; presently, beckoning to the master to bend over ber, she whispered with a final effort, ' Save my child,' and so, with a last prayer for his safety, her spirit took its flight. AU unconscious, the boy slept with her dead arms clasped round him, her words still ring ing in his ears. . When daylight appeared it showed those who still survived along line of sandhills fring ing a broad, unbroken strip of eurf, towards which they were directly heading. They could distinctly hear the thunder of the waves as they beat upon the shore. Each eye was strained to find some opening in that dread line of tossing foam, but in vain ; far as sight could reach the same inhospitable repeUant foreshore extended. The storm had by this time abated, and, though the sea was still high, yet the sight of {and had revived the courage of the castaways and awakened hopes which were all but dead in the hearts of the boldest. It was now that Captain Eli Larch proved himself a true commander. Cool and collected, with encouraging words he urged all to cling to any support available until the wreck was driven as near the land as the waves could, carry her. His practised eye had shown him that she must in those tremen dous rollers strike the bottom many times be fore becoming fixed, and he hoped that all who retained their hold might then be washed ashore, or as the tide fell swim or wade to land. The boy had roused himself, and with a dazed look gazed into his mother's dead face as Larch unwound the cold stiff arms from round him. 'Courage, Roland,' he whispered, 'she ifl in heaven and suffers no more.' ?? With a calmness that seemed almost apathy, and that is but rarely seen in the young under such circumstances, the lad kissed the set lips a last farewell, and then fixed his eyes on the shore. It was time; a huge wave caught the hull upon its crest and swept it swiftly along, far into the line of breakers ; then, in its reflux, dropped it with a terrifio Dump that rent tbe timbers asunder upon the sand. For a moment the wreck remained stationary, then another billow broke over her with a deluge of water that carried half tbe devoted people away. Another rapidly, fol lowed and tossed her with a fearful shock a hundred yards nearer the Jand. There she stuck, sea after sea. breaking over her, each sweeping more of the despairing wretches from their hold. Fortunately this did not last long ; the sea had been going down, and those on board could' occasionally see the bottom when the waves receded. They were further encouraged by seeing that some of those washed away were carried far up the sloping beach by the big billows, and then were able to crawl out of their reach. As these gained strength they assisted their less fortunate fellows who were being sucked back again by the retreating waves. By such means six or seven were collected in safety on the shore while fifteen still remained alive on the wreck, but of these, four were in a dying condition from the exposure and hardships they had undergone. As the tide continued to fall the violence of the surf subsided, and the captain fastened a line to a buoy in hopes that itwould float ashore. Fora time it tantalised them, passing to andJEro, nowias far out to sea as the rope would allow, and then approaching the edge of the breakers. Eventually it was caught in the break of a gigantic wave and hurled high up on the beach, where it was eeoured by a sailor -waiting for the oppor tunity. This accomplished, Captain Larch entertained no doubt that all on board could be saved, and insisted that none but the strongest should {attempt the task of passing along the line until the tide was much lower, and the danger consequently less. The im patience to leave, the brig was so great, how ever, that nearly a*-l were anxious to try. A big sailor, whose strength seemed little impaired, went -first; and, though those on shore strained on the rope, it sagged so much that he was . sub merged in the rough water nearly all the way. TTjr endurance stood him in good stead, and, though greatly exhausted, he reached the land. Another immediately followed, and band-over-hand had rapidly covered half tbe distance, when aiierce wave caught him in the curl of its break and tore him off. Then it ap peared to the awe-struck spectators to play with him, tossing him in savage wantonness round and over, finally carrying his body out to eea. After this terrible sight the com mander bad no difficulty in restraining the remainder until somewhat later when the tide had fallen sufficiently to admit of the passage being made with safety. The sun had been shining for several hours, and under his genial warmth all had recovered much of their strength and courage. After the male pas sengers were conveyed on shore, the strong assisting the weak, efforts were made to save food, clothing, and other neces saries. As the water continued to go down, this was comparatively easily accomplished by running them along the line. By this time it was considered safe to land the women. The body of Mrs. Grantley. had been swept away when the vessel first struck, and was seen no more. The other two women had crouched together in terror since the ship became a wreck. Sheltered as much as possible and assisted, by the men, they would inevitably have been washed overboard if they nad not' been securely lashed to the stump of a mast. They were now carefully conveyed through the still .seething surf to the land. Last of all, the captain left the wreck with the 'boy clinging to him. Seta Jacobs, the Jew, had lingered till nearly all had gone, evidently anxious to reach ' his cabin ; but the vessel was completely water logged,- and all his efforts were in vain. 'You must leave everything below,' said the master, observing his attempts, 'for the present, and think only of your life. If the weather continues' fine we may, at the lowest tide, find the battered hull not only high and dry but drained of water, and be able to save many things.' Worn, dispirited, . and exhausted, the cupidity of the usurer gave way to the instinct of self-preservation, and he made for the shore. . Chapter IL— III Got— Ili Gone, Immediately oh landing Captain Larch selected a sheltered place am'id the sandhills as a camp. Here a fire was lighted at which the wet and wearied survivors could dry and warm themselves. Scarcely any food had yet been 'brought 'from the wreck, but fortunately those who first reached the land had found, when pulling on the rope, that their feet turned up numerous cockles from just under the surface of the wet sand. To half-starved men these were very palatable, and sufficient were easily obtained to satisfy the hunger of all. - Fresh water was- also dis covered in a shallow well, evidently made by the natives', a short distance beyond high water mark. Thankful for their rescue, and with their, hunger and thirst appeased, the ex hausted castaways soon forgot all their troubles in sleep. When morning came, the tide was very high and the brig had.sunk deeper in the sand, and, being surrounded by a bouing waste of water, it was impossible to obtain any food from her. Under these circumstances, tbe sur vivors of the wreck were compelled to break fast on the shell-fish left from the pre vious evening — the present state of ' the water preventing them from procuring more. The captain then proceeded to examine the country. On mounting a sandhill he found that the line of surf, with its fringe of hum mocks, extended as far as could be distin guished to the south-west, with a scarcely perceptible curve to seaward. To the east the coast presented much the same charac teristics, bat in the distance the land apr peared to be higher and bolder. He was surprised to find that inland, only a few hun dred yards away, lay a nartow lake of water, evidently of great length,' which apparently ran parallel with the coast far to the west ward. In the opposite direction it ended in a swamp, or salt marsh. He was soon standing on its margin, and found the water botb salt and shallow. Retracing his steps, he saw fresh water oozing from 'among some rushes, with a path leading to' It. At first it ap peared as if it was made by wild animals, but on looking closer he saw the marks - of human feet. He knew they could not be the footprints of his own people, for among them were those of little children. In that deBolate place whose could they be but the tracks of savages, probably hostile^andif bo, theaituation in which he and his companions 'were appeared a desperate one. Clearly at the fall of the tide, not only must provisions and clothing be obtained from the vessel, but weapons' also. Disturbed by these thoughts, and with a tremor at his heart such as he had not felt even during the height of the storm, he returned to the camp. - On the way he ob served further traces of the recent presence of the savages, _ in heaps of cockle-shells by the ashes of a still smouldering &re.; From these signs it 'was obvious that the aboriginals must be still in the neighborhood. Common pru dence, therefore, suggested that he should keep his people as closely hidden as possible until they were able to procure arms from the ship. Luckily they had, to get out of the wind, camped in a deep hollow surrounded by bushes. But the fire— would the natives see that ? If so, it would probably not exoite remark, as they had left ther own -burning in their abandoned camp.- The wreck, however, would certainly be discovered Whenever they came over from the lakeside, and this they were likely to do au soon as the weather settled down atter the storm. . Pondering over these things he reached the hollow and in a few words calmly told the castaways what, he had seen and the conclusions ' at ~ which he had arrived. To 'the eastward there could not be any habitation of civilised man within many hundred miles; but to the west there was probably a whaling station, where they had seen the flagstaff ? on tim cliff. In that direction, as eoon as they had -brought on shore all that would beof use to them, he proposed to proceed, keeping along tbe coast. He conjec tured that it could nos.bemore than a hundred miles, and it might be ?considerably less. Travelling would be easy and Comparatively rapid by keeping on the hard level beach when the tide was fairly low. Meanwhile it was im perative that all should remain perfectly quiet where they were, so as to give the least oppor tunity of being observed. Except to obtain a supply of water there was no necessity to leave their shelter, and for many hours all rested and were much refreshed thereby. : As the day advanced the tide ebbed so far that, to their great delight,' the hull was almost high and dry. There was now no difficulty in getting on board, and after a sailor had been posted on a high sandhill to give notice if the natives approached the re mainder of tbe party proceeded to the wreck, the sailors first going onboard to .send on shore whatever was most required. They were soon enabled to land a few casks of flour and salt meat, tins of biscuits, and other kinds of food in fair condition. Articles of clothing, tools, and sails for tents rapidly followed. Firearms were also procured, in a wet and rusty condi tion indeed, but capable of soon beingrendered fit for use. To tbeir_ great disappointment, however, no powder was found. This much increased Captain Larch's anxiety, as he well knew how difficult it 'would be to protect his party from the savages without effective fire arms. AH weapons likely to'be of use were, however, taken to the camp. ' ' ; The Jew early penetrated to his cabin and laboriously carried on shore a email trunk. . ' Clothes and a few necessaries,' he mut tered toa sailor who wondered iat its' weight, 'which have got very wet. :P66r -wretch that 1 am, it is all I have 'in/the vo'rid.J' ' ' For a few moments he sat'on; it 1x- rest, and then; without, attracting; attention from his busily ' engaged companion?,. took it up and disappeared behind the sandhills. The goods which hadjbeeniemoved by them from the -wreck 'haying been brought ashore the party next devoted their energies to having them carried to a place of safety, leaving to a future opportunity the seaTch for other articles. The blankets and. clothing too were spread out to dry on the. hot sand and bushes, and soon were in a condition to render the position of all more' comfortable during the coming night. It was nearly dark when, tired out with their exertions; theyaBsembled again in the hollow an-? made arrangements lor the only really good meal they had had for several days. ' - In the midst of all his many duties Captain Larch had taken care to accompany Roland to his mother's cabin and bring away, among othar things, a strong-box which- bore the lad^ initials. Knowing her firm conviction that in her failing health she would never live to reach, land, he felt assured it contained valuables placed thereby her loving care. ' This case he earriedrto the camp himself and determined to open on the first opportunity, not only for the purpose of drying its contents, bnt because in their critioal circumstances little 'except food could be taken with them, and therefore the heavy case itself must be left behind. It was extremely fortunate that in consequence of the cold wind they had fixed the- camp in -such a secluded situation, as it enabled them to light) fires and dry their saturated -possessions as weil as do the necessary cooking without much fear of .attracting attention. As soon as supper was finished the captain explained that he wished everything opened that evening and dried with a view to an early start for the supposed settlement. . This he proposed making the following day, as soon as the state of the tide admitted of travelling along the beach ; and he urged the absolute necessity of only attempting to carry anoh articles as were indispensable.. In pursuance of these instructions each was assigned some duty and the absence of Jacobs was now dis covered. The big sailor-was the last who had seen him as he carried bis trunk towardB the camp. This lay open near the spot upon which he had slept the previous night. The articles of clothing and other things it bad contained still showed the distinct impression of a square box, which could not be found. It appeared therefore as if he had taken this to some retired spot with a view to examining the contents in private. That these conclu sions were only partially correct we will now show by following bis_ movements, -aa they have an important bearing upon this veracious story. TTAvin? onpned his trnnlr .Ta/vrf)B eainui a strong-box within, evidently of considerable weight, and looking round to see that he was not observed, made off through the sandhills in a line with the sea to the east. Except to pause a little to take breath he did not linger until he had travelled nearly a mile. He then stood immediately under a tall tree of the eucalyptus tribe, standing much higher than its fellows, on a small open flat command ing a view, between two sandhills, of a strip of aea. The tree was large and healthy with the exception of one limb about twelve feet from the ground, which some gale had brok«n off a few feet from the trunk. The stump thus lef b pointed directly to the strip of sea through tbe sand hummocks. Nothing remained of the fallen branch, a bush-fire having years before swept over the spot and consumed it. After carefully noting tbeee particulars the Jew set down the box and with his knife cut a long stick, trimmed off. the twigs, and then measur ing it with his hand he muttered : 'One foot — two — three — four — five — six feet.'' He then put the stick up to the base of the broken limb. ' One,' he said ; another length touched the ground. ' Twelve feet,' he added. He then stood directly under the dead arm with his back to the stem - of the tree, im mediately .facing the spot of water. Then observing a twig precisely in line, 'That will do,' he murmured, and proceeded to measure the distance with the prepared wand. 'One — two — three,' he went on up to five — 'thirty feet.' Then. he hesitated. ** It will be safer,' he thought, and carefully measured exactly ten feet at right angles from where he stood to the west. With tbe point of the stick he traced a equare about the size of the box, and using his sinewy hands rapidly scooped out the soft earth. It was soon done and the' case brought to the spot. Lingeringly, even lovingly, he put it in the hole and then hesitated once more. : 'Only another look/' he whined, and raising it from the cavity he opened the lid. ' How they sparkle !' he whispered ; ' and yet I almost like better the dull yellow of the gold. Oh! it's hard to leave them in this horrid hole; yet what can I do? I've got as many about me as I can conceal. To carry them all myself is impossible and trust them to others I dare not. They think more of their paltry lives and would fling them away when tired or at the first alarm. Even if .' I offered great rewards they would guess my secret and eventually rob me of alL iNo, though it is like leaving my heart's blood, I have thought it over and it must be done.' . . . Gazing at his treasure fondly, he. murmured as if to things of life, 'I will comeback for you, my dears, some day,' and gently closing the lid and replacing the box he covered it up with the loose soil. Then, with lingering steps and bent head, he tftrned away in the direction, as he thought, of his companions, but really straight inland.'* After walking half a mile or so he sat down on a log auct taking a small piece of parchment out of b»a pocket he began to write, riot observing a pair, of fierce bright eyes glaring at him from behind a bush. The writing finished he took a shining brass box or locket from the breast-pocket of his coal It was remarkable in shape, being fantastically formed to resemble a turtle cling ing to a chain ? the very thing to excite the cupidity of an ignorant savage. Pressing a spring, it opened and the Jew carefully placed the parchment within. Rising to his feet he was about to put the chain attached round his neck, when the watching savage, bounding to his side, struck him a heavy blow on the head with a club he held in one hand, as he seized the locket -with the other. As he prepared to repeat the stroke another form almost equally wild interposed his weapon. The two gazed at each other for a moment and then the first, snatching the coveted locket from the hand of the Jew, darted away. The other, scaroelv noticing his departure, stooped over the man he had rescued and fixed his eves on the unconscious face; then he sprang to his feet with an oath, exclaiming — 'The London Jew, by God ! How comes he here?' Tha words had hardly left his lips when two more black men appeared, evidently, his com panions. In their own language he told them what had occurred, describing the savage who had fled as a tall, powerful man with a broad scar across his brow and right cheek. 'Talco!' ejaculated one, with considerable apprehension in his tone, and beckoning to the white man to follow they moved Away. At first he hesitated, but humanity or curiosity prevailing he picked up the insensible form of Jacobs and hurried after them. _ Presently they stopped, and in low earnest tones urged him to leave the dyingman, saying that he could not live, their camp waa far off, and they were in an enemy's country. While thus disputing they arrived at a running stream, and as they crossed the Englishman — for suoh he obviously was — bathed the face of the Jew with the cool water. Tnis somewhat revived him, and after greedily drinking he staggered to his feet, and groping with his hands about bis neck as if feeling for some thing.in a dazed way he began muttering the jingle— 11 Under tha tree, Facing the ees, One, two, three.' Seeing that he could now walk with assistance the white man placed himself on one side and a blackfellow took the other, while his companion led the way. Thus supporting the wounded man, in an hour's time they approached a small fire, around which sat some half dozen savages. Without a word they flung their burden down in the light of the flame; as they did so he fainted, but no one appeared to notice or care about that. The eldest man, after looking at the inani mate form, demanded in quick peremptory tones, an account of what had occurred. At the name of *'Silco'' he picked np his waddy and was about to knock the Jew's brains out, when the white man interposed. An alterca tion then ensued, the old warrior urging 'that they might be pursued and must retreat to their own country at daylight. They were a hunting party and having been successful had heavy loads to carry without encumbering themselves with a dying may.' To which the other replied that ' they could kill him in the morning if he did not die in the meantime. Perhaps he might be able to gather from hie talk how ? he came there and where his friends were.' ? This appeared to satisfy the leader and the Englishman devoted himself to recalling Jacobs to consciousness. He was partially successful and the Jew began muttering the old refrain— ?** Under the tree, '. Facing the sea, One, tyro, three' many times over ; then with an effort he con tinued — ' Four, five, six, twice six are twelve, five sixes are thirty. How they sparkle ! yet I love the yellowboys the best.' Again he sank :nto silence, except for his heavy breathing. The watcher attentively listened and watched as he bent olfer him. Once he tried to shape the thoughts pi the dying man into expression by questioning .him, but with an almost im perceptible start the Jew relapsed into silence. The pause continued so long that the listener feared he would speak no more ; then he began again, though his voice was weaker : — ' What — could — I— do— but — hide — them — in — the — ground? I— shall — know — the — place — again — though — that — black — devil- took — my — box — with — the — directions — in — it !' The sentence died away in an almost in audible whisper, but the face of the man who bent over him showed that he understood its meaning. At the first streak of dawn the band rose and prepared to move on. The breathing of the dying Jew had become stertorous, but he occasionally muttered the same monotonous jingle, as if his thoughts were in some confused way etiil dwelling on hiB treasure. _ With a stern expression on his bronzed face, in which, however, there was a gleam of satisfaction, perhaps of triumph, the white man. left his side. He heard :the thud- of the old warrior's weapon on the 'defenceless bead, but he did not interfere this time. 'Better so,' he said, 'than leave him for the flies and ants to torture like * dying sheep.' Chaptkb IIL— The Massache. We must, however, now return co the camp of the shipwrecked people. For them the night passed without any event calling for narration, and the whole party lose much re freshed and eager .to begin their journey. Before this could be done, however, many pre parations 9,were necessary. Moreover, the Jew was9 still absent, - and the com mander .felt that some search. in common humanity, ought to be made for him. ' Accordingly, after breakfast, a close examination of the country round the encamp ment was undertaken, but without result. Fearing the worst, Captain Larch sent two sailors to a very high hummock along the coast to the east, trusting that some trace of the missing man might be found. . From its summit a considerable range of country could bs observed, as well as a long reach of sea beach ; they were also instructed to watch for any signs of savages. Captain Laroh now took aside and examined the contents of the trunk he had brought from Mrs. Grantley's cabin. In a tin case, carefully sealed, there was a long letter addressed to Roland with a small packeS of papers marked 'important' and a few sovereigns. The packet consisted of a bank draft for £3,000, payable in Sydney in favor of Roger Graotley, and his will, which, from the date, had evi dently been made just before sailing from England. Putting these papers together the captain folded them carefully in a thin piece of waterproof and finally stitched them up in the breast pocket of the lad's jacket. 'My boy,' said he, 'something tells me that I shall not escape from the perils that encompass us. I cannot leave these poor people whatever happens, and indeed if the savages attack us, as they probably will, and I attempted to fly, they would almost certainly overtake me. You can run like a deer, for I watched you on the beach yesterday. Almost with her last breath your mother made me promise to do my best to save your life. What I am doing now I believe to be the best that can be done on the honor of a sailor. You remember the high bluff with the flagstaff on the top that we passed in the storm? We can in the early morning see a long way to the westward, in which direction it lies, and I have watched for it, but it is too far off to be sighted. The beach runs comparatively straight for a great part of the distance, perhaps nearly all the way. If you are parted from me keep close to the water, so that the waves may obliterate your footprints, and travel by night, as then the blacks are least likely to see you. The cookies in the sand will keep you going if other food fails, but you must carry some with you when we move from here, so as to be prepared for the worst. There is certainly some kind of settlement on the sheltered side of the head land. Keep that in mind, and on the second day I hope you may sight tbe bluff. God grant that we may not have to parti ; but remember, when I give the word, stop for nothing— run for your life, and may God bless and protect you.' . The brave man, nearly ohoking with emotion, took the sobbing boy in his arms and kissed his forehead. Presently he suppressed this unwonted weakness and they returned to the camp. Roland was there provided with a small canteen to hold water, whioh he - slung over his shoulder, while he filled his pockets with ship biscuits. The men who had been sent to look for the Jew now appeared and reported that they had discovered no trace of him. From the knoll there was a very extensive view, unbroken in any direction. They had seen smoke rising in several places along the coast to the east and more inland, but none in the vicinity of the encampment. The lake running parallel with the sea, already mentioned, they described as stretching far as the eye could reach to the westward. Last and most important, around the east end of it a large party of blacks appeared to be approaching. This intelligence greatly startled the whole party, each, indi vidual desiring to flee at once. The captain quieted their fears and told them chey must keep under cover, as the natives were so near, until darkness set in, when they would starD. Meantime the fires were oovered with sand and extinguished, and every one hastily adjusted his load in readiness for the signaj to march. Scarcely was this done, however, when from every side through the dense bushes black forms burst upon them. Astonished and be wildered the whites shrank together, but there was no demonstration of hostilities on the part of the intruders. Though armed with spears and clubs, or waddies as they call them, they made no attempt to use them ; on the contrary, they appeared to be in excellent humor, laughing and pointing in a wondering kind of glee at the women and the many articles of bright clothing in the camp. Seeing them eo peacefully inoli-ed Captain Larch ad vanced unarmed and tendered a eaily striped rug to an elderly man wno seemed to be a-ohief. . Ihe savage was intensely delighted with the gift and placing it round his shoulders he stalked amone bis admiring companions. The natural result followed ; each and all re quired some gift and the resources of the camp were severely taxed before they could be appeased. The captain then endeavored - to explain ther position, indicating that they had come from the sea by pointing Jo the wreck. The savages apparently understood, and 'by their signs and gestures it appeared evident that they had heard, it not seen, white men on the coast to the west, bub when the captain attempted to move oS in that direction with his party they interposed, and by shutting their eyes and lying down showed him that he had better not start until the morning. As they seemed eo friendly and resistance against such numbers was hopeless the captain after oonsultiDg his companions decided to remain. The natives showed much pleasure at this and at first wanted to take them to their own camp, but when objections were made they at once acquiesced by dropping the articles they had picked up to carry. As soon as they eaw the fires being lighted and other preparations for spending the night in progress they nearly all 'disappeared, and in the course of an hoar could be seen making their camp a short distance away. Their close proximity was a source of alarm to the more timid castaways; but thus far there seemed no cause to apprehend treachery. The night passed without f urther incident. The fol lowing morning a few articles were distributed among the women, and to prevent the tempta tion to thieve Captain Larch ordered the rest to be packed up in readiness for departure. No opposition was offered and when the Europeans were prepared to march a number of the blacks accompanied them, indicating that tbe path by the lake, which they called the Coorong, was the best way. Most ot the day the journey wad continued in a most amicable manner, but towards evening some of the white men straggled behind among the lubras, or native women, against the express commands of the captain. Several times he halted for the purpose of warning them ; but' the discipline of tbe ship had become relaxed and his expostulations produced little effect. That night he became seriously, alarmed, as a number of the sailors did not rejoin their party at all, and the demeanor of tbe blacks had also changed. That the overtures of his men to the black women were bitterly resented by the natives became very evident to the commander, and that night a watch was eet to prevent any one else leaving the camp. The morning came without further trouble having occurred, but \wo of the missing men had not returned. Though the delay was exceedingly annoying and even dangerous it was impos sible to abandon them without making some effort to discover their fate. Three men were therefore dispatched under orders to retrace the trail and endeavor to find them. Mean while tbe party would remain in their present camp. Very few blacks were now visible and in tbe course of the day they entirely disap peared. This Captain Larch felt to be a relief, though conscious that it could not - be con sidered a sign of friendliness. The day at length drew to a close without the arrival of the two missing men or those sent in search of them. Burning with impatience and anxiety the rest of tbe party waited on, now scarcely knowing what to conjecture. At length the captain, fearing the worst, determined to move on when nigho fell, leaving a note in a con spiouous place stating the direction taken. At length darkness set in and instructions were given to make instant preparations to depart. Each individual was in the act of picking up his load when suddenly an appalling black circle closed in on them, every savage form hideously painted and, except for a tuft of fur suspended from his waist, stark naked. Circles of white were round their eyes, alternate bands of white and red crossed their chests and wound round their arms and legs. Their thick, matted hair was fantastically adorned with feathers, while others had swan's-down grotesquely sprinkled over their ornaments or adhering to their anointed bodies. Spears, waddies, and other weapons were flourished with threatening gestures in the air around the cowering little band, who shrank together at the sudden appearance of a foe whom the uncertain light of the nickering camp fires rendered almost diabolical in their hideousness. The first shock over the stout-hearted captain recovered his coolness. 'To your arms, men,''hecried, 'anddefend yourselves if attacked ; but do not ^strike a blow if it can be helped. We must try to parley.' / He did try, feeling that the cutlasses of his party could avail bus little against the spears of the black men. Ay ! as little as did later the same spears against the white man's powder and balL Bub his pacific overtures were either unnoticed or wilfully misunder stood by the ruthless band bent on elaughter and instinctively conscious that some of a race superior to their own were at their mercy. To do anything but return their defiance was, according to their ideas of warfare, a sign ot weakness or fear, and they 'pressed on only the more eagerly. A tall and brawny savage with a broad scar down the right side of his fierce face, which increased its natural hideousness, and a shining brass locket gleaming on his broad black breast, led them on. As he drew near the captain dauntlessly stepped out, weapon held low but ready, with Roland oloae to him. On came the savaere. however, and snatched at the boy. This was too much for the endurance of the sailor, and with a swinging blow from his left hand he dropped the black chief on the sand. The warrior was up in an instant, however, and aimed a heavy blow at his antagonist with the club he held in bis right band, which brought him to his knees. As he sank the captain cried — 'Run, Roland, run, and keep to the beach !' and the lad darted past the savage and was gone. Nearly blinded by the stroke, the brave master recovered his feet, but spears and waddies were rained upon him and again be sank, this time a dead man. The fight, if fight it could be called where resistance was in vain from the first, was Boon over. Warned by the accident that had befallen thsir chief, the savages leapt out of arm's length of the sailors and contented themselves with shower ing epears and waddies upon the devoted band from the shelter of the surrounding bush. The sailors, having no effective firearms, were powerless to resist and soon all were killed or wounded. The last to fall was the big sailor, Jack Adams, who was transfixed by a long barbed spear while standing over the two prostrate and defenceless women. The impetuous thrower sprang upon bis prey to finish his work, but tbe giant caught him by the hair and thrust his weapon again and again into his breast before he died. This was the only savage killed, though several were severely wonnded in a rush the sailors had made, after the captain's death, to try to break through the encircling band. The dead and dying white men were alike hacked and speared in the blood-trenzy and love of slaughter common to all the aborigi nals of Australia. The two women at the first clash of weapons had sunk clasped- in each Other's arms in the midst of the little band. Peggy Puce fainted before the strife ended, but .Mr?. Cantling had been roused by the fall of her husband, over whose body she now lay moaning. Presently a scarred old warrior snatched it away and with a gestura so stern and threatening warned her back when she would have followed, that she shrank aside and clung affrighted to Peggy, who had now also awakened to the consciousness of their awful position. A wild, piercing cry, known as the 'Cooee,' was triumphantly given and was almost instantly answered by the appearance of a motley . gathering, of aboriginal life. There were old men, bent with age, grizzled, scarred, and ugly ; old women, more ugly still, with lees and arms shrunk almost to the size of a walking-stick ; younger women carrying or leading by the hand piccaninnies of various ages and both sexes, impartially characterised by the aboriginal juvenile's pot belly : young men and girls, nearly all with symmetrical forms — the rounded limbs, shapely busts, clear bright 'eyes, and white glittering teeth of tbe dusky maidens giving them much of. that indefinable charm that ever attaches to budding woman hood. Their dark glossy skins, with the tinge of bronze which is the natural hue of the Australian aboriginal until negleot, filth, and age have done their work, shone in the glow of the fires that had been lighted as one and all they crowded up to wonder and jabber with loud and rapid articulation. Their interest and wonder chiefly centred in the two women, whom they gazed upon, touched, and ques tioned without satisfying their unsophisticated surprise. Suddenly, from where their dead country man lay, arose a wild wail of lamentation, now high and piercing, anon low, bat always monraful and monotonous, the same dirge being repeated as ib was taken up by each individual. The old and the hideous were the most vehement in the expression of the common grief, bub the -younger members of the triba also occasionally joined in. This continued while some of the men wrapped the body in tbe scanty clothing it had worn in life ; then they carried it forth to lay it where others of his race reposed. That done, a frenzy of passion seized the old hags and some of the men and boys. They rushed upon the bodies of the white men with brutal, abusive cries ; their clothes were torn away and every indignity and horror that savage ingenuity could devise was perpe trated on the stein. Then, when their furious spite was appeased or spent, the mutilated re mains were dragged down and cast into the sea and derisively told to return whence they came. In this access of fury Mrs. Cantling and Peggy would certainly have been killed if some of the prinoipal men had not borne them away to the camp of the tribe on the shore of the Coorong. There they were placed in the centre, where each movement could be observed by all around. The whole of the band presently came in Rt.-s;gering under the booty they had taken. Evurything eatable was lavishly thrown about in the reckless manner of the Australian black in the time of abundance ; gome of the food was tossed away with contempt, while more met with the decided appreciation of the aboriginal appetite. Flour was voted unpala table, and no wonder, since in their ignorance they essayed to devour ib dry ; bub for pur poses of personal adornment) it was much valued, ttarticularly when preparing for the festive 'Corroboree.' .The feast over, the relatives of the slain warrior struak up the wail again, and for a while were listened to with the respect in variably paid to the dead, but as the night ad vanced the elation and triumph of victory found expression in the national dance. Forms were painted anew, fantastically but withal' effectively; fires were stirred into a blaze, and in the background of the camp on the brink of the water tbe performers took their stand. The women began the chant, beating time upon oposBnm ruga folded with the fur within, and to the clash of arms the dancers paned into the firelight. The native dances vary. Frequently they are essentially of ft peaceful and unexciting nature, in which mere amusement for the multitude is sought. On special occasions, when feminine visitors or captives arepresent, they are of a distinctly festive and immoral tendency ; then proceedings are indulged in that polite society woald shudder at, but which the laws of the Australian aboriginals sanction. Again, when the theme is war, the warrior is painted and bedizened with tenfold elaboration -from the sole of. his feet to the crown of his head. Weapons in hand he parades proudly before bis people, boasting of past exploits and vaunting of his prowess in the future. Hideous, grotesque, yet strik ing, he forms one of a, whirling, bounding throng of warlike figures, passing before the bewildered eye3 of the spectator with bran dished arms and waving plumes in strange and swift evolution. Aeain they form in line, equate, or other intelligible order, and foot it featly, all the time uttering suppressed, tierce cries to the accompaniment of their trampling feet, the clash of weapons, and the beat of 'their rude music.- Hour succeeds hour; often the whole night long, or indeed successive nights are thus' spent, and the excitement lasts until nature can no more. It is the same with all the blackfellow's pleasures — eating, drinking, Bleeping, or the tender passion ; in all alike he knows or acknowledges no law to limit his full indulgence. Under these circumstances it may well be surmised that the fate of the unfortunate Englishwomen was a dreadful one. They were separated during the night and only occasionally saw each other for several days, and even that consolation was soon to cease, as they gathered that the tribe was to separate, one half to proceeed down between the Coorong and the sea, the other round the east end of the lake. Ib was .now that the leaders of 'the party that had destroyed the shipwrecked crew claimed theis- rights over the captured women. They asserted, in the many wrangles that took place concerning them, that the awful custom of the tribe regarding women taken in war or stolen had bean complied with, and that ib was now time they were allowed to take them to themselves as their lubras. In com pliance with these representations, before the parting of the tribe a council was held to settle in proper form the rival claims. Tha powerful savage who had led the attack de manded Peggy as his prize, alleging that he had struck down the cbief of the white men and therefore had a right to the first choice. An older warrior calmly asserted that his hand had slain more men and his rank entitled him to the prize. In utter misery the two women, scarcely comprehending the nature of the dispute, were clinging together a few feet away. As the quarrel rose higher Talco, the scarred warrior, strode towards them and was about to seize on Peggy, when his rival dashed upon him, and a fierce combat began. Each was armed with only a waddy, and after a rapid shower of blows had been interchanged they simultaneously parted and rushed for their shields and speara. An aged tottering old man, who exercised great influence over his people and had presided over the council, rose from where he eat, picked up a club, and stepping to the unconscious women with two quick blows mercifully closed their existence. The two combatants saw the deed and the poised spears fell. ' My children,' said be, ' the father of his people cannot see them kill each other for the women of a strange race. Because I knew that while they lived there would be much strife among us I have taken their lives. Let them be forgotten, and let the men of my tribe be content with their own women.' usages of the tribe, and met with the full approval of most of its members and the silent acquiescence of all. What to them were the lives of two women of whom they were already almost weary ? As for the lubras, they would long ago have slain the white women had they dared and had opportunity served ; but the deed that was sanctioned when committed by & chief would have been bitterly resented if done by a feminine hand. (To be continued. ) 