The Ballad pf the Bush Bard. We met him in a private bar, His hair was long and dank, His face was lined with many a scar By editors (God thank). Full well we tried to draw him out, And plied him long with wine, Till wit unloosed, we heard him shout, " A little thing of mine." 1 • • • • • - • " When the scorching summer's heat Bleaches white the plains, When the blowflies blow the meat, And the sky ne'er rains ; When the weary swagman swearing Breathes the snuff-like dust, Eats his peck of dirt, not caring If his * innards' bust; When the starving cattle, resting 'Neath the blue gum's shade, Watch the overseer testing * Water—with a spade; When the sullen bushfires smoking Make the red blood boil, And the cinders raise a choking Thirst for fusel oil; When the sun with hale unbending Sucks the creeka all dry, And the poor parched sheep are sending Death wails to the sky ; When the water-famished horses Totter to the brink Of a dried creek (filled with corses) . Beaten e'er they sink ; When the birds with palsied pinions Shun the heated air, And the dingoes—Drought's wild minions— Slink to leafy lair— This is Christmas in Australia— Laugh, ye cripples, laugh ! New Year too's another failure-— Mine's a half-and-half!" WUBLEY. * * What's in a name? In some cases there is a singular coincidence. In South Australia we have our Mrs. Lee, the leading agitator for women's rights. In Victoria they have their Mrs. Lee, the leading agitator for teetotalism and similar fads, the only difference being that one is Mrs. Mary Lee and the other Mrs. Harrison Lee. Again in South Australia we have Mr. W. Nicholls (a publican), who is the Vice President of the Licensed Victuallers' Association. In Victoria they have Mr. W. Nicholls (a publican), who is also the Vice- President of the Licensed Victualler's Association. Query—Are all ladies of the name of Lee agitators, and are all gentlemen of the name of Nicholls publicans and Vice-Presidents ? . * * * In one of our Northern townships there is a certain hotel in which lives a cat that is addicted to musical performances. When the piano is left open pussy avails herself of the 6ppprtdni|^%> jump upon the keys, and after walking up and down upon them several times plumps herself down on the bass notes after the approved style of the majority of the pianists of the present day, and, laying her head comfortably on the side of the piano, purrs herself off to sleep. A small party of festive youths invaded the said pub. one night lately with the intention of having a few tunes. In a room in close proximity were some com mercial travellers, very busily engaged with the hotel proprietor. The strains of music (?) which suddenly arose from the wheezy article of furni ture above denominated a piano interfered with their business, and they rudely enquired who the deuce was making that infernal row. " Oh," said the publican, " it's only my cat," and there and then he rang for the waiter and dispatched him with orders to " Clear out that bally cat and close the piano." Imagine the rest. 