MOREE. The following particulars relative to bores which have been completed may not be uninteresting: depth temp. in feet of water. daily quantity. Gundoobluie ... 2700 ... 140 ... 3,000,000 gal Angledool.... 2600 ... 114 ... l,000,000gal. Bangbet..... 2400 ...119 ... l,600,000gal Dunimbrai... 2200 ... 100 ... notthemain supply. Regarding the item of last week— that a pair of grey tweed trousers were dyed a dark red colour— further particulars have been gleaned. If the water is taken in a tub away from the overflow, and the clothes washed in it, they do not alter in colour, but place under the overflow pipe any article of clothing or stuff goods they will be altered in colour to a reddish brown. Timber or iron will be affected in a similar manner. This may be due to the presence of a gas which comes up with the water and escapes almost immediately.. The water from the Moongulla bore has given permanent water in a creek for over 50 miles, and water frontage to the properties on its banks, previously useless for carrying stock, also necessi- tating the erection of a bridge or bridges to get traffic across. The Municipal Council on Tuesday evening emphatically denied the rumour that it was responsible for the Draconian enforcement of the Towns Police Act regulations ; further, that un- necessary harassing of the ratepayers and public was injudicious in the extreme, and that it would by letter approach the Minister for Justice re- allowing the replacement of the seats in front of hotels, as in such a hot climate it was barbaric to enforce regulations totally unsuitable in their incidence. Some of the regulations of the Dairies Super- vision Act are equally applicable to the Slaughter- ing Act in regard to purity of the water supply. Some short time back the Water Conservation Department had a pig farmer heavily fined for polluting the bed of a watercourse, and compelled him to get rid of his pigs and give up his business. A Compositor's Error. — Mr. and Mrs. Liddins should have been Mr. and Mrs. Siddins, of Welbon. The financial depression in the metropolis can well be gauged by the fact the familiars of Paddy's Market are swarming up here. Another barrel organ, an electric battery, sixpence a shock '' to benefit the human system,'' and three musicians— a blind man and two boys — have favoured us this week. Such people should stuff their purses with coins or notes before they start and be sure not to leave them behind on the piano. Until lately the only music we have been accustomed to in the daytime was the playing of sonatas (selections from Wagner) on the hotel gongs. Operations to start boring at Boggabilla have been stopped and a fresh site will be chosen. (Private information by wire.) The bore here has been deepened to 1200 feet ; no change. The Maitland epidemic of bolting has reached here. One buggy pair bolted twice and a valuable horse belonging to Mr. John Cameron kicked over the shaft of a sulky, broke the shaft and hurt its back. An ounce of lead was administered. Tbe Half-Holiday Association intend celebrating the inauguration of the movement by a monster picnic on Friday, Dec. 7. Two of our local public school teachers have gained a higher rating at their recent examin- ations. Miss Ellen McCarthy to 3C, and Mr. John Main to 3A. Mr. C. Beauvais, proprietor of the local sawmill, had three fingers badly injured whilst working at the bench — a buzz saw puts in its work. They do things better in France and other countries. It would have been a graceful act for some one to have moved a vote of thanks to Mr. W. M. Clarke at the finish of the concert, for the efficiency and care he had displayed in training such a large number of his pupils to stage pro- ficiency. Such courtesy cements the bonds of daily life, and would have shown that Mr. Clarke's efforts were appreciated. A manly utterance, not fulsome crawling. Stock Passings: 320 store bullocks from Fairy Meadow, Chinchilla, to Gunnedah, R. Mackie, owner in charge; also a lot of rams, and a mob of fat sheep, destinations not known as drover did not report them. On a recent occasion when asserting the dignity of literature, and the press (Maitland Mercury) in perhaps a rough and ready manner on a trip to Dolgelly, I gave my theory as to the cause of the plains being treeless and have since been asked to go deeper into the subject. I make no pretence to high soientific attainments, and only argued fronj the results of keen observation, Not a stone In the broad pavement but, to him who has An eye, an ear, for the inanimate world, Tells of past ages. The Mines Department, under which is the Agricul- tural Department, is as dead as Julius Caesar; these departments pigeonhole any amount of valuable information, but none of it is allowed to ooze out to the public. . I am in great doubt as to the correctness of my own theory, seeing that Mr. Cory, manager of Terry Hie Hie station, informed me that in sinking a well his men came on these barrel of a large tree at 70 feet depth, charred ex- tensively. This shows that timber had grown in earlier years and that there had been bush-fires ; but I still incline to think that no timber ever existed on the plains, the chemical composition in the soils being against such growth. Yet again, on the edge of a twenty-mile plain or on it, there are occasionally visible scattered tree growths, but the immediate surface soil is different. People are now aware that only salt water is to obtained on these plains, and little further well sinking will be done, so that further underground evidence will not be obtainable. These plains will grow wheat and other cereals to perfection and may yet become impor tant factors in the world's food supply. A large quan- tity of oaten, wheaten, aud other hay is now being harvested in the vicinity, and I have received an invitation from Mr. A. B. Lomax to visit his property and see the stacks of hay he has grown and made. In the S. M. Heral&'s American letter in issue of November 17, occurs the following on wool, mutton, and wheat : — ' All the wiser farmers argue that in a thickly settled country it pays better to raise sheep for mutton than for wool, and it is conceded on all sides that fine wool means tough meat, and vice versa. The late Jay Gould predicted that by 1900 all the wheat crop of the States would be required for home consumption.' There is matter for thought in these items. Moree, 24th Nov., 1891. It is the struggle and not the attainment that measures character. How many a man, by throwing himself to the ground in despair, crushes and destroys for ever a thousand flowers of hope that were ready to spring tip and gladden all his pathway. MAITLAND : Printed and published by Thomas William Tucker, John Thompson, and Christopher Eipper, at the Maitland Mercury General Printing Office, corner of High and Hunter street. etc. 