LONGE AGO. My companion nod ' I were seated on a log in front of the l»ut discussing a verv primitive evening meal with that esoei lencp of appetite which only a life in the open air can bring. ' 'This hut,' be began, 'was used by two 'men. At the time of tbe gold fever tbey started from Melboarne to attempt to reach tbe diggings, and csme into this valley when tbey had only been a few days oat. Two men more unlike you couid not find. One, a young fellow, was married, but left his wife behind him in Melbourne. The other was an ex- convict, who -hid perpetrated nearly every crime in the calendar. These two settled ; hire attracted by tbe look of the soil, and picked up a few graios of gold in their prospecting, but not enough to pay them. However they turned their attention to horses, and ere long began to gain an evil reputation for dealings which were not honest. Now and then a prospectoi com ing up with a ' bit of dust ' would oall, and the chances were lie would los» tbe best part of his wealth at cardp. Se between them the pair be came pretty well to-day. Toe younger ? ttent one day to the nearest township, and returned the following evening with his wife. She kept the two steady till she fell ill during a period of drought. For the first and 6nly time that water-bole diied up. Yet water mast be bad for the sick woman. Without saying a word tbe con vict took tbe bucket, and departing at nightfall reached the Dandenoog se'lle- , ment, IS miles away, by morning, filled his bucket with water and started to carry it back, with a piece of wood fhating in it to help savfiit from spilling, aud a piece of old clolhoverlt 'to prevent evaporation.' It was a fearfully hot day, and it was made worse by the, hot air and smoke from a bushfire blown over the bills from an out break some miles away. At evening be reached the but with his precious burden. Jt wvt surrounded by a body of .armed ' -nen— vigilants. I'he j;oonger man was obound, and they were simply waiting for sundown to hang hini from the nearest tree. It seemed ; a oiurder had been committed in ,f\ neighboring valley, find be w&e; eiispected, captured and sentenced. AS a fact he, was entirely knoceDt. A man attempted to,: take the water 'from the convict, who , repulsed the. other with a blow which, sent htm over, the vfgiiants had not entered the but. Into it the convict ran with the bucket Of water, but privation and tbe shock of her husband's arrest had done their work— the woman was o-a-}. He went outside again, gave his comrade a i arinK, sna lisa one iumself. (Joe of the band tried to take Jhe buoketfrom him, but the convict kicked it over.Ttpjiling its contents on the ground. Opp^ienquiry jhe learnt (be cbarge against bis mate. ?' ' Boys* jhte said quietly, 'his missus Ss lying dead in , there. You've killed bar. ' I've been to Dandenong and baoi for vyftter for her, and .could, have , saved' her life, you've killed her. Soys, gtre us time ' to bury ber. The men readily acceded. With their help a rough bark coffin was quickly prepared, and a grave being as hastily dug by some of. the band, she was p'aced under the earth. » The convict had not said a word while this was going t-h. He now turned to the band. ??' ? You've Rrrested the wrong man. I j did that murder. He was homo with his wife, whom you'ra just killed ,' t was out. I did tbat murder. You cannot hang him now that I ha ve confessed iC , - 'Thevigitanta agreed ,*hat they eould not. They also agreed that sinoe he con fesBod the murder, and it was not tbe first' they f.aid, he ought to die. . : ' ? I know that,' he answered. ' but don't you take my mate, betanae he'* inaooebt. - A life for n life is fair, ain't it?' Tbey said it was. ' Thst being bo,' here's mine,* be continued. Hs drew hi* derringer, and plaoing the barrel against his temple.flred before Anyone of us could stop him. He ust groaned, ' I saved my mate,' and then ue died.' , . , , ' Were you of the parly ? ' I said. 'Come with me.' - i! Halfway U, the waterhole was & small, elntnp pfloWtrew, terraupcliag the, two graves.; B/ tbe %ht-j|- tfatchlWd two simple lascriptfo^is |0arved each, on.k rough wooden slab.' Ono bad no, name, -bat- bore ihe following passiBe, WhLWl reproduce in its ^aThfeUc 'illiteiwJi-r ' 'Gikter love has nb tnan shod than this, fiat he pave his life for hig tri^nd.' 'That's the convict.' said my comnan. iota, j ? ' - e - «. ?. * *^'sw« ?lAndtbeoth^t-'tM8lKd, ; ' ? i-i M Uf wife ; I Mn tte conpfs- wAS* , } ♦ ?? .1 i 1 1 I - * * '\ '\ I 