the heat wave. SERIOUS BUSH FIRES. GREAT DAMAGE TO PROPERTY. Yesterday the weather was hardly so oppres. sive as on the previous day or two, the.thermo-: meter registering up to 101 dejgrees iu the • shade. In the evening the moon on rising presented the appearance of a ball of'fW evidently due to the smoke from bush fires to the north-east of the city. Later on, however,: a cool breeze sprang up, and out of doors thej weather was much more agreeable than it lias' been of late. , V ' 1 (From Ohr Correspondents.) j Bkiik-kwater, Tuesday.—Yesterday the re-j cord showed 112 in the shade—the hottest of| the season. To-day the record was 110. C.isTLKM.UNE. Tuesday.—A large bush fire is at present burning between Elphinstone and Harcourt. From the volume of smoke, much damage is anticipated. The thermometer to-; dav registered at 3 o'clock 99 degrees in the i lsm.KwooD, iuesilay.— several bush tires have been noticeable in the mallee (luring the past day or two, and another is to be seen to ihv raging in the direction of Kingower. An extensive fire is spoken of as having occurred in the direction of Serpentine last evening, several, miles of fencing being destroyed, and hundreds of acres of grass on the Auchmore estate, the property of Dr. Atkinson. It is still very warm, the thermometer this afternoon registering 99 in the shade. Haywood, Tuesday.—The largest bush fire ever experienced in this district occurred yes terday, and is still burning. It started at the main road from Sebastian to Bridgewater, about Mr. W. Rodgers' place, and as a south-, east wind was blowing strongly, it soon carried the llames into the Yarraberb estate. _ D<^pitc: the efforts of the men who were present, the flames rolled on, and traversed across the Yarraberb estate and into Dr. Atkinson's; Auchmore estate, of which the fire burned, about ."GO yards off the homestead. Had it not.. W:i for the manaerer (Mr. G. Suttie) and hi8 men, 110 doubt the homestead would have gone like the rest. It then took an easterly direc-l lion at 7 o'clock, and, in spite of. the men who> were lighting the fire from about 1 o'clock,, crossed the road into Dr. Atkinson's well grassedi whim paddock, of which about 1,000 acres were, liurnt before the men could get it under control, j It then reached Bullock Creek and burnt itself; cut on the north and the men beat it in to the! creek. This was about - o'clock in the morn-i ing. Several of the young men from Ray wood,i who worked so hard all day and up to the timej the fire was thought mastered, lay down toj rest at the Auohtnore homestead. About twoi hours after, however, they were called by Mr.j Suttie, the manager, as the fire again broke! out towards the big dam paddock, which was; speedily stopped, and a careful watch was theni kept for the remainder of the night. Mr. Suttiej then sent the Ray wood lads home in separate! conveyances. Up to the lime of writing it is, estimated that no less than 4,000 acres of grnss.i fences and valuable timber were destroyed byi the fire. The Raywood people are to be highly! complimented for the way in which they turn' out to fires. and the town was totally de-i serted yesterday. Mr. Sargcod, the manager fori Yarraberb, quickly despatched messengers up to the town, when Messrs. Hy<le, Gunn, Gay wood (2), Donaldson : (3), Teague (2) and: M'Neill's vehicles, with all the men available,; left as soon as possible to the scene of destruc tion. The total damage aud area is not yet; known. Another fire is burning in the Whip-j stick in the vicinity of Millwood Gully, which started to-day, but no particulars are to hand, t Rochester, Tuesday.—It may no doubt be accounted for by the long continued extreme dryness of the weather and the great heat, that there have been more than the usual number of bushfires this season. Between S and 9 o'clock last evening, the sky reflected the presence of si fire apparently close to the township, and it was soon found that t he grass- in one of Mr. Doherty's paddocks was ablaze. The fire burned so fiercely for a time, that residents of the town were led to the belief that a most ex tensive conflagration was in progress within a mile or so of the township, but, fortunately, and thanks to the exertion of a large number of men who were conveyed to the place, the fire was confined to the paddock in which it originated, and was limited to the destruction of about 30" acres of grass., the efforts • of the men to restrain the fire within this limit being aided by the fact thai only a very light wind was blowing at the time; so that t he sparks were not carried very far ahead. Though the fire was virtually under contrul a couple of hours after its first discovery, it was considered advisable that several of the workers should remain 011 t lie ground all night, so that in the event of a recurrence of the outbreak they could take immediate action. Fortunately, however, their services were not- required, the first party having done their work of ex tinguishing the fire most thoroughly. It is reported that an extensive bush fire has been raging for the past three days to the south cast, of Corop, which may in a measure account for the smoky atmosphere which now presents itself to the discomfort of the eyes and nose. Elmore, Tuesday.—The thermometer to-day registered as high as 99 degrees in the shade, At about half-past 5 o'clock this afternoon, a fire broke out in one of Bell's Buruewang East pad docks. on the east side of the Campaspe, about a mile from here, resulting in the loss of about 40 acres of splendid grass. A wind was blowing from the south at the time, and but for the efforts of Messrs. Bradford (2), Revell, Clark> Benbow and others, a much larger area would have been burnt. The fire crossed a road lead ing to the Campaspe, and the fencing suffered considerably. Two young men were seen going along the road smoking at the time the fire started. It is presumed that they must havfe thrown a lighted match to the ground. A number of persons have gone out to stop any further progress. > The reading of Mr. Credgington's Instru ments yesterday was as follows : —Thermo meter, 9 a.m., 81°; 12 noon, 93°; 3 p.m., 100°; 6 p.m., S3', maximum, 101°; minimum, 67°; Barometer. 9a.m.,29'50; 6 p.m., 29'4S. . ! 