ANOTHER FIRE IN THE HILLS. BETWEE MAGILL AND NORTON'S SUMMIT. THREE HUNDRED ACRES OF GRASS BURNT. It 13 invariably the ease that in what may be called the bush-6re season- serious con flagrations occur in the hill districts imme diately surrounding Adelaide. The Glen lumona neighbourhood was toe scene of a fire on Tuesday last, and on Thursday evening there was a second out break between Magill and Norton's Summit. At about half- past 4 o'clook in the afternoon it was observed that) a bush-fire smoke waa ascending from that portion of the hills on tha northern side of the read from Magill to Norton's Summit. It was at first feared in town that the Auldana and Dr. Fenf old's vineyards were in danger, but the actual scene of the fire was in the gully above on the opposite side of the road, and almost abreast of the six mileposto on tha Norton's Summit - road. The fire had its origin in about the centre of a section in the ocoupasion of Mr. Dwyer on the top of the ridge running between the old and the new Norton's Summit roads. But little headway was made by the fire at first owing to lightness of th9 wind, and the residents were leisurely beating the flames out, and had in facts almost got them under, when the wind suddenly blew strongly from the east, and immediately rushed the fire out of control. The grass, which grew freely and luxuriantly during the winter and had been completely parched by the summer aun, had not been grazed down in all places, and consequently encouraged the lightning-like spread of the conflagration. In the gully tunning down to the road on the western side of the hill the flames were unaided by tha wind, whilst on the connecting ridge the wind had full force, and swiftly drove the roaring flames on to the hills in che direction of Magill. In the meantime, too, the fire had slowly worked its way over the summit of the hill where it had its origin down towards what is known as the old Norton's Summii road, which at this locality makes a curve eastward. Right at the edge of the old road is situated the house of Mr. Dwyer. The move of the flames in this direction brought all of the fire tighter* around to the spot to proteot the house and valuable garden. Their indomi table and courageous efforts were rewarded by seeing the foe beaten off for a time as any rate. From there the danger spread till the whole of the corner area was charred. A cottage a little lower down the road, on the same aide a3 Dwyer'e, was next endangered bo seriously that it required the utmost efforts on the part of all the available workers to stem back the torrent of advancing dame from this home. Here, too, the gallant de fence was successful. The whole tract from the bend iu the road up to the back of th9 Beven-milepost was laid waste. On the Magill side of the corner ridge the flames spread to within less than a mile of Magill, making altogether a stretch of two miles of country along the road the scene of blaok ruin. It waa useless now to attempt she checking of tbo conflagra tion in this western locality, for the wind in creased in force, still maintaining its original direction. A whitewashed building near the Allgeineiner Deucscher Verein's rifle butts was for a time in imminent peril, bat was not caught by the fbmea. As the grass became thinned the progress of the fire was slower, and the workers were able to make a final and successful effort to extinguish it. It was a magnificent spectacle, though a sad one, that greeted the eye of the traveller along the road at about balf-paai 10 o'clock, when the worst was over. The whole of tha southern Bide of the hill waa an expanse of dense black, dotted with glowing red stamps of trees and still burning bushes, whilst the furze bushes fringing the road were studded with twinkling pointa of flame. Now and then a gust of wind sent showers of sparks across the black waste, and even into and across the roadway, thu3 jeopardizing tha well-grassed hillsides. Up in the taller trees where there had been patches of dry bark the fanning breeze showed how the voraoious flames had got a hold even here. Meanwhile a lingering patch of flame close to the starting-point bad spread down towards the new road on the northern side of che ridge, where it swept bare the whole of t^e country, bounded on the north by the new road. Thus was completed the devastation of practically the whole of the country lying between the old and the new roads to Norton's Summit from close to Magill to as far as the seven ncilepost on the former road, a tract of about) 300 acres. At midnight) there waa still burning a small patch in the vicinity of the spot where the fire started, the flames being driven towards the already charred area, so that providing the wind did not change there was no dread of further firs on the northern side of the old road. * There was still danger from the flying sparks as regards the country opposite to the burnt side. Up to the time our reporters left the flying sparks had only succeeded in igniting one tree on the untouched side, and as two men remained to watch this all night no danger was anticipated. The telegraph line that runa along the road suffered only in one place, one pola catching alight about halfway up and being burnt right through. The insulator fell off soon after the pole oau^ht owing to tha great heat. Fortunately there was no damage done to gardens or residences, bnt an immense quantity of good feed and valuable timber and fencing was destroyed. The property damaged com prised Dwyer's, of about 150 acres; thai of Uffendoll, about 20; Emery's and Mit chell's, about 30 acres altogether ; Jenning's, Miller's, and that of the Allgemeiner Deui^chur Vfirein, perhaps 30 acres ; aad others. On the other side of the road there is a large property belonging so Mr. Smith, and adjoining this lower down the land of Mr. W. S. Douglas, on which there is a cottage, at present occupied by a lady with twency-seven children of the WalkerviHe Orphans' Home, who are enjoying a holiday in the hills. Here everything was in readiness for flight, but no immediate danger was anticipated: This locality is the part of the country between Magill and Norton's Summit which is known aa Third Creek. E*rly in the evening, wb6n the firn had aopreached the land near Magill, where large numbers of cattle are grazed, some excite ment was caused by th« endeavours of the men to save the stock, who were half maddened by the glare and smoke. After some iroubls all the beasts were got into a plase of safety, and not a single head was lose. From enquiries made the origin of tha fire is a complete mystery to the residents. The place where the mischief began was on the top of a ridge, where swa^mfcn seldom pass, bnt it is possible that a lighted match may have been dropped. The time of the afternoon than the fire started the men think precludes the possibility of the sun's rays having ignited the grass by means cf a piece of broken glass. Nobody was seen about the spot at the time of the outbreak. A visitor to the scene of the fire before it had begun to spread with the aid of the wind had a narrow escape. With the intention of getting up to the beaters who were engage-1 on the heights above tha six-milepost he clambered up the hillside through the high parched grass, aud was within a short! dibsanca of che spot he had intended to reach when ha observed that the flames, which had been swept out of the range of the men engaged in beating, were rushing towards him. He turned, and regard less of likely minor injuries, scrambled down the rather steep hill and into the roadway, and not too soon, for in less than two minu»-*- the hillside hs had just traversed in breathless ha*tp wa* all ftfUnio. 