ANOTHER FIRE IN THE HILLS. BETWEEN MAGILL AND NORTON'S SUMMIT. THREE HUNDRED ACRES OF GRASS BURNT. It is invariably the case that in what may be oalled the bush-fire season serions conflagrations occur in the hill districts immediately surrounding Adelaide. The Glen Osmond neighbourhood was the soene of a fire on Tuesday last, and on Thursday evening tbere was a second outbreak between Magill and Norton's Summit. At about half-past 4 o'clock in the afternoon it was observed that a bush-fire smoke was ascending from that portion of the bills on the northern side of the road from Magill to Norton's Summit. It was at first feared in town that the Auldana and Dr. Penfold's vineyards were in dmger, but the actual scene of the fire waa in the gully above on the opposite side of the road, and almost abreast of tbe sixmilepo&b; on the Norton's Summit - road. The fire had its origin in about the centre of a section in the occupation of Mr. Dwyer on the top of the ridge running between the old and the new Norton's Summit roads. But little headway was made by the fire at first owing to lightness of the wind, and the residents were leisurely beating tbe flames out, aud had in fact almost got them under, when the wind suddenly blew strongly from the east, and immediately rushed the fire out of control. The grass, which grew freely and luxuriantly during tbe winter and had been completely parched by the summer sun, had not been grazed down in all places, and consequently encouraged tbe lightning-like spread of tbe conflagration. In the gully running down to the road on the western aide of the hill the flames were unaided by the wind, whilst on the connecting ridge the wind had full force, and swiftly drove the roaring flames on to the hills in the direction of Magill. In the meantime, too, the fire bad slowly worked its way over the summit of the hill where it had its origin down towards what ia known as the old Norton's Summitroad, which at this locality makes a curve eastward. Right at the edge of the old road is situated the house of Mr. Dwyer. The move of the flames in this direotion brought all of the fire fighters around to the spot to protect the house and valuable garden. Their indomitable and courageous efforts were rewarded by seeing the foe beaten off for a time at any rate. From there the danger spread till the whole of the corner area was aharred. A cottage a little lower down the road, on the same side as Dwyer's, was next endangered so seriously that it required the utmost efforts on the part of all the available workers to stem back the torrent of advancing flame from this home. Here, too, the gallant defenoe was successful. The whole' tract from the bend in the road up to the back of the seven-milepost was laid waste. On the Magill side of the oorner ridge the flames spread to within less than a mile of Magill, making altogether a stretch of two mile* of country along the road the soene of black ruin. It was useless now to attempt the cheoking of the conflagration in this western locality, for the wind increased in foroe. still maintaining its original direotion. A whitewashed building near the AUgemeiner Deutscher Verein's rifle butts was for a time in imminent peril, but was not caught by the flames. As the grass became thinned the progress of the fire waa slower, and the workers were able to make a final and successful effort to extinguish it. It was a magnifioent spectacle, though a sad one, that greeted the eye of the traveller along the road at about half- past 10 o'clock, when the worst was over. The whole of the southern side of the hill was an expanse of dense black, dotted with glowing red stumps of trees and still burning bushes, whilst the furze bushes fringing the road were studded with twinkling points of flame. Now and then a gust of wind sent showers of sparks across the black waste, and even into and across the roadway, thus jeopardizing the well-grassed hillsides. Up in the taller trees where there bad _ been patohes of dry bark the fanning breeze showed how the voracious flames had got a hold even here. Meanwhile a lingering patob of flame close to the starting-point had spread down towards the new road on the northern side of the ridge, where it swept bare the whole of the country, bounded on the north by the new road. Thus was completed the devastation of practically the whole of the country lying between the old and tbe new roads to Norton's Summit from close to Magill to as far as the eevenmilepost on the former road, a tract of about 30b acres. At midnight there was still burning a small patch in the vicinity of the spot where the fire started, the flames being driven towards the already charred area, so that providing the wind did not change there was no dread of further fire on the northern side of the old road. There was still danger from the flying sparks as regards the country opposite to the burnt side. Up to the time our reporters left the flying sparks had only sucoseded in igniting one tree on the untouched side, and as two men remained to watch this all night no danger was anticipated. The telegraph line that runs along the road suffered only in one place, one pole catching alight about halfway up and being burnt right through. The insulator fell eff eoon after the pole oaught owing to the great heat. Fortunately there was no damage done to gardens or residences, but an immensequantity of good feed and valuable timber and fenoing was destroyed. The property damaged comprised Dwyer's, of about 150 acres; that of Uffeudell, about 20; Emery's and Mit- C D e l l ' s , about 30 aores altogether; Jenning's, Miller's, and tbat of the Allgemeiner Deutscher Wrein, perhaps 30 acres; and others. On the other side of the road tbere is a large property belonging to Mr. Smith, and adjoining this lower down the laud of Mr. W. S. Douglas, on which there is a oottage, at present occupied by a lady with twency-seven children of the Walkerville Orphans' ilome, who are enjoying a holiday in the hills. Here everything was in readiness for flight, but no immediate dauger was anticipated. This locality is the part of the oountry between Magill and Norton's Summit which is known as Third Creek. Eirly in the evening, when the fire had aopreached the land near Magill, where large numbers of cattle are grazed, some excitement was oaused by thn endeavours of the men to save the stock, who were half maddened by the glare and smoke. After some 'rouble all tbe beasts were got into a pla?e of safety, and not a single head was lost. From enquiries made the origin of the fire is a complete mystery to the residents. The place where the mischief began was on the top of a ridge, n-here swa^men seldom pass, but it is possible that a lighted match may have been dropped. Tbe time of the afternoon tbat the fire started the men think precludes the possibility of the sun's rays having igmtec the grass by means of a piese of broken glass. ! Nobody was seen about the ppot at the time j of the outbreak. A visitor to the scene of the fire before it | l)ad begun to spread with the aid of the wind j had a narrow escape. With the intention of getting up to the beaters whi tvere eugage-1 on the heights above ths eix milepost be olambered up the hillside through the high parched grase, aud was within a short distance of the spot he had intended to reach when he observed that the flames, which had been swept out of the range of tbe men engaged in beating, were ruehiup cowards him. tie turned, and regardless of likely minor injuries, scrambled down the rather steep hill and into the roadway, and not too *oon, for in lees than tn - o minutes the hillside he had just traversed in breathless haste was all uridine. 