Trial of Agricultural Implements. A field trial of agricultural implements, held under the auspices of the Royal Acri- cultural Society of victoria, took place on 29th nit on the farm of Mr J. Kernan, about two miles from the Pascoe Vale railway station. The ground was considered hard and un suitable by a number of the comptitors, and its condition put the implements to a most severe test, and thns afforded the spec tators the opportunity of singling out the kind of implement best calculated to suit their respective districts. GIBBINS AND CO. '9 PATENT FIVE-FURROW PLOUGH. The exhibition clearly demonstrated that inventors are determined to keep pace with the times in the manufacture ot imple ments for economising labor and cheapening the production of cereal crops. Compared with the cost of preparing the soil for seed twenty years ago, and what it is possible to cultivate land for now, the difference is surprising. Amongst those worthy of special mention were the Massey - Harris spring tooth cultivators, "solid compost" riding plonghs, exhibited by M'Leaa Bros, and Rigg, and four and six- furrow ploughs, shown by Messrs H. Lennon, T. Robinson and Co., G. Gibbons, Mitchell and Co. and Garde and Chrystal. MASSEY-HARRIS CULTIVATOR, WITH EEED BOX ATTACHED. James Musgrove, Tullamarine, exhibited the " Victory " broad cast sowing machines Messrs Carotin and Co. exhibited a powerful and apparently very useful, road-making machb.e drawn by a traction engine. A very useful press seed drill was shown by the Walter A Wood Harvesting Co., its general utility and cheapness commending it to wheat growers. J. Danks and Son had several exhibits of grape-crashers, pumps, &c.;, on view. The Carlyle spading harrows, shown by the Bnckeye Harvesting Company, attracted considerable attention. The exhi bition proved most interesting and instruc tive to those who were present ; but, had it been held nearer a railway station, the public attendance would have been much larger. Messrs M(Lean Brothers and Bkfg showed a number of implements, and wer awarded the society's medal for an EmnSH seed and fertiliser drill; Carotin and obtained a silver medal and first-prize for an American road-maker. John Danks and Son were awarded the sooiety'e and first prize for, a bush-fire extinguisher and a certificate of merit for the Monitor pump. George Gibbins and Co., Footscray, were r« presented by one of their patent five-furrow ploughs, which can be altered to a four and three furrow in a few minutes. This d1ou££ was generally admired for the work it dm t was allotted by chance the worst pieoe of land in the paddock, composed chiefly of a greyUh tough soil with a hard bottom, turning Up cement; but tbe plough held to this in a manner which called forth the approval of the public, and when the judges unanimously awarded this plough the first prize and the silver medal of the society against allcomers, the verdict was received with applause. A seven-furrow paring plough, exhibited by the same firm, did some excellent work, and is considered a superior class of scarifier. At 3in. deep it cut everything, and made a first-class seea-bed. This is a plough that will come into general use for fallowed land. The exhibit made by tbe Massey- Harris Com pany was quite up to their usual high standard, both as to the number of implements in opera tion, and their adaptability to the purposes for which they were designed, as well as to the ex cellent character of the work done by each. Several of their machines were exhibited at this trial for the first time, being entirely new to the colonies. Prior to the season of 1893, just closed, the Massey - Harris people confined their business in the colonies exclusively to harvest ing machinery, but the formidable array of ploughs, harrows, cultivators, etc., Bhown at this trial indicated an important addition to previous lines. Although the recently im ported implements are new to the colonies, yet we are told they have all been in use for a number of years iu Canada, and are, therefore, well tried and practical machines. The most striking exhibit in this group was a MASSEI-HAREIS AND 00. 's VINEYARD DISC HARROW. KAEET-HABRIS A»! ) TOBBE-gyftfipgr WWW. three-furrow gang plough, weighing /exactly 1 Oflt. Although drawn by Onlytwo horses, it cat to the depth of about 6in„ three furrows, - Iftch 9in. wide, whereas all the the two-furrow rioughs in the field were drawn by four horses, Snd aid not cut any greater width or depth. Although this three-furrow plough is so light, vet it is apparently very strong and compact The ploughs are of the digger pattern, set well together, and attached to a rigid steel frame, ana altogether it is a handy and evidently a very useful implement, especially for turning flown stubble, or for summer fallowing. It was awarded first prize and a silver medal. A two-furrow sulky gang plough, called the « Young Canadian," also attracted considerable attention. It cut two 12in. furrows, made good clean work, and was awarded the highest honors in its class. A single- furrow swing plough was also ex hibited, and was very generally commented upon by the spectators. The work done by it in the hands of Mr John Ward, of Eppirig, in ground totally unfit for the use of such an im plement being exceedingly creditable. The Massey-Harris spring-tooth cultivators were new to the colonies in the season of 1893, but as the sales, as we are told, have already been about a thousand machines, they are already becoming pretty generally known. We understand they are being extensively used in the mallee districts, where they fall the ground, bow and cover the seed, all at one operation. The machine is exceedingly light in appearance, and to the inexperienced, would appear too fragile for the work it has to perform. The lightness is, however, combined with great strength, as it is apparently constructed of the best material. The frame and sections being of angle steel, and the teeth said to be specially oil tempered. The machine consists of a series of spring teeth arranged on narrow sections which act independently of each other. Thns the teeth on one section may be jumping over a stump, or cultivating the top of a ridge, while the other sections may be in a hollow, or at the bottom of a furrow. Pressure is so applied to the teeth that no matter ho wuneven the ground, or what the obstructions, the entire snrfa&e; is cultivated to an even depth. An attachment for sowing grain, and also another for sowing grass seed, can be supplied with each machine. The machine is made in two widths covering about six feet, and eight feet respectively. At first sight , Massey- Harris vineyard disc harrow might easily be taken for a disc harrow of the ordinary make, bat on closer examination, a number of novel and apparently important features are discovered, which features we are told are being covered by Colonial patents. The disc instead of flaring in the usual curve from the centre to the circum ference, is quite straight to within about three inches of the edge, and then flares suddenly, much after the fashion of a dinner plate. It is claimed this sort of disc, which is quite new here, cuts into the ground much better than the ordinary disc, and the work done at this trial certainly bore oat this contention. The disc, which is of soft centre steel, has a specially tempered sharp edge, which cuts into the hard ground in a remarkable manner, at an angle that would effectually destroy weeds, and pulverise the surface. The machine ex hibited had twelve discs in two sections of 8ix each, the sections being reversible from side to side, so as to throw the earth toward or away from the vines as desired. The axles to which the discs are attached run in ball bearingb. The harrow covers about 6ft., and will doubtless prove itself to be a very useful implement for vinegrowers and orchardists. The machine exhibited was a sample re ceived from the Canadian factory only a few days before the trial, bat we understand they will henceforth be sold as a regular line by the Massey-Harris Company. 