The infant child of Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Vindin, which was seriously ill on Wednesday last, died on Thursday morning. Their many friends will sympathise with them in their sad loss. Notwithstanding the dry weather, the crops are looking well, but if it continues, the consequences will be serious. The boating party who made an excuision to Broken Bay were enjoying themselves so much that they had not returned to Richmond up tb yesterday (Thursday), but a boatman on the river who met them said they were at Colo, making for home. They were unable to get any meat, and were anxious to secure a square meal, . We regret to hear that there has been some dis cord amongst the members of the newly-formed town band, but hope to see the breach soon healed and the members in tune again. We hear that Mr Cotter, C.P.S., has had an offer of a removal elsewhere, but trust it may only be a rumor. Our genial young officer would be greatly missed, his well-known figure. being familar to everyone. He is popular with all classes, and his removal would break the hearts ot more than one of the fair sex. MrWHH Johnson, who has been confined to his room through sickness, for the past few weeks, was able to be about this week again at his usual post, although not quite himself. The other night a couple of members of the town band got out of time, and came to blows (with their fists), and discordant sounds were heard in 13 flats, &c.; It is a pity the breeze oc curred, as it will disunite the band. Mr A J Vindin, of the Bank of Australasia, Newcastle, and brother of our well- known Bank manager, was in town this week on a visit. Snakes are becoming plentiful about North Richmond. The other day members of the Pitt family, at Sunnyside, killed one in the garden, close to their residence ; whilst on the same day another «vas killed on the road-side by a workman ; on the same day, Mr Sep. Pitt, whilst out driving, came across another, which, although it was dis abled by bim, managed to make its escape. A son of Mr Biddle's, and a resident of the Manning River, has had to go into the Hospital, suffering from a tumor on his leg. The young ladies are stirring the Half-holiday Association members up, and the outcome of it is that a picnic is being arranged for some Wednes day afternoon. The young lady subscribers in tend to go out on strike, and withold their fees, unless the young men play at two-and-threes, or something of the kind, instead of that unsocial game called cricket. Alf Weyman, who has been saving up his money to go Home, has invested his savings in a gee-gee, and intends training it for the next Hawkesbury meeting. It is reported to be already good at water-melons, and takes after Alf. Two or three cases of typhoid fever are re ported in the district. Small Debts Court on Wednesday, February 14th, (Valentine-day). Plaints must be filed on or before next Wednesday week. A tank-sinker named Wilson, whilst riding on the Common, where he was working, killed a snake. Coming further along, he saw another very large one, and not having anything else to kill it with, went for it «¡th his bridle, whereupon the reptile, objecting to such treatment, charged Í him. It afterwards made its escape, j Owing touthe hot weather, bush-fires have been raging round the district, and a large one burned with great fury last Tuesday at Castlereagh, the t roaring and crackling made being heard some dis tance off. I The weather has been most oppressive of late. I For some days storms have been threatening, but rain has not yet arrived. A thunderstorm with plenty rain would gladden the hearts of everyone just now. All the officers and men connected with the 3rd Regiment are away at Bathurst to-day (Friday) at the general inspection by Major General Hutton. The men were pleased to get a trip to Bathurst. The Hawkesbury College students return to their duties on 3rd prox. Mr T Pryke had quite a run on his resources to I supply Vine Registration forms last week. In consequence of the demand for potatoes in Sydney, owing to the failure of the crops in the northern districts, the Hawkesbury article is top ping the market, and fair prices are being obtained, as buyers acknowledge ours to be the best this season. Two travelling minstrels last Saturday nigh« gave a performonce in front of the Commercial Hotel, and their antics caused no small amount ol fun to a large crowd of bystanders. Mrs A Benson has removed her school from thc School of Arts, and has lately taken the residence in Market-street recently occupied by Mr Frank Onus. Three engineers have been up from the Watei and Sewerage Board, making considerable alter ations and improvements to the pumping machinery. The engines have been thoroughlj overhauled and repaired, and a sluicé-valve foi scouring out the sand which comes up the pipe! from, the river in flood-time has been erected. A good job has been made of this latter improve ment. . * It is said that some little excitement is working up over the Municipal elections, but there is no: much evidence of this to a stranger, the towt being particularly devoid of excitement of an] descripton just now. Mr Pitt is a certain starte in the Municipal Handicap. The Fire Brigade seems to.have collapsed alto getber, and nothing can be done to infuse life inti it. Without a Secretary or Captain, this usefu institution has esme to grief upon the rocks c apathy and indolence. An effort is to be mad by the Windsor Corps to purchase the reel of th Richmand Company. Old song, new version :-" Where are the Boy of the Old Brigade?" Echo-"Where ar they ?" Richmond boy : " Gone .bung." Mr Pryke's establishment is becoming quite " Stock Exchange." Besides notices of " House and Land for Sale," the latest idea is the dail Sydney market reports. The announcement of the lecture on Federatio at the commencement of the week did not stir u much feeling of interest on this important que tion amongst town-folk.: To^t'â:rfe^'i>!-ïàUb& A resident bf tater years in RícHmoñd says it is no use attempting to, do anything for the improve ment of the place -as one would need to have re sided 30 years in town before he would have any influence ur do any good. In a week or two's time we purpose giving an excellent portrait ol a well- known Rich mond gentleman, with a sketch of his career, tt should prove ot great interest to our readers in an agricultural community. Mr G Woodhill has gone away on a trip to Tas mania to recruit his health after an attack of , illness. Mr Garran, of the Australasian Federation League, was in town on Wednesday last, and was seen most of the day in company 'with'our inde fatigable School of Arts Secretary, Mr Campbell. It might be truthfully remarked that ' The long and short of it had federated.' There was a fair attendance at the School of Arts on Saturday evening to hear Mr R H Butts worth, a candidate for the Hawkesbury elector ate, explain his views on the political question. ; His sympathies are with the working class, and' he is an ardent supporter of the temperance cause. He created a favorable impression amongst the working class and Temperance advocates. Great sorrow was expressed in town on Sunday last when news became known of the death of Mr W Lamrock, J.P., Kurrajong, as he was a familiar figure in this district, and much respected by all classes. His blunt, outspoken manner on the Bench made him a popular Magistrate with all litigants. His death did not come as a surprise to his Richmond friends, as it was for some time, feared that he would not recover from his long illness, > When news reached Mr S Burdekin, M.P., late on Saturday evening in Richmond, of the death of Mr Lamrock, he immediately sent to Sydney by the goods train to order a wreath from one of the Sydney florists. The floral offering sent by Mr Burdekin was a beautiful one. 