Intercolonial News. [BY TELEGRAPH FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS.) NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, November 21. A terrible accident happened in the Red Rock mine at Fairfield last night, when two men named Allen and Davis were entombed by a fall of earth. A party from Fairfield went out and dug them out, but both were dead. When a messenger left for assistance Allen's two daughters were endeavouring to extricate their father. At Gilgai, also yesterday, J. Russ, a mineowner. when timbering at the bottom of a new shaft, was enveloped by a fall of earth from the upper portion of the shaft, and when he was extricated an hour later he was dead. Considerable uneasiness is felt at Greta because of the efforts being made to secure a reduction in the strike pay from the miners' associations from 12s. 6d. to 10s. per week. Already the unionists are suffering the greatest privations, and any decrease in the allowance will add greatly to the local distress. A railway accident happened last night to a goods train travelling north from Sydney at a spot midway between Moonbi and Woolbrook, beyond Tamworth. The train, which was a long one, and had an engine in front and at the rear, was proceeding at a fair rate of speed, when one of the trucks in the centre became derailed, and took with it seventeen others, nine of which were completely wrecked. Only three of these were laden with flour, the rest being empty. Neither the rear engine nor the brake van left the rails, and consequently the two passengers and the guard in the van escaped without injury. The permanent way was much torn up, and as a result through traffic was delayed for some hours. At Blyth's Wyalong station a serious dispute has arisen over the mortgage between the owner and the mortgagee, the City of Melbourne Bank. The agent of the latter, Mr. M'Donald, engaged on Monday about eighty men at £2 per day and expenses for the purpose of taking forcible possession of the sheep. At 4 o'clock yesterday morning these men endeavoured to take possession, but Mr. Blyth's station hands, and others engaged by him, offered a determined resistance, and as serious trouble was impending Sergeant M'Hardy and a force of police interfered and stopped the disturbance. Mr. M'Donald has returned to Wyalong to get police assistance, leaving his men on the station. The Cabinet have decided, at the request of the New Zealand Government, to renew the subsidy of £4000 to the San Francisco mail service for one year, subject to the approval of Parliament. November 22. The Mayor of Sydney has engaged a number of the unemployed, in batches of fifty, until after the holidays, with a view to enabling them to provide themselves with Christmas comforts. Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co., agents for the Anglo- Australian line, lately received a cable from the owners in London, instructing them to despatch the steamer Port Hunter immediately to Yokohama. The vessel is a steel steamer, of 4676 tons measurement, and with a dead- weight capaoity of 6750 tons. She was to have left Australia this week, with a cargo of 12,000 bales of wool, one-third of which had been taken on board, but has since been discharged. The Port Hunter will fly the British flag until her arrival in Japan, when she will be taken over by her new owners, presumably the Japanese Government. A riot occurred at the free labourers' camp at Greta to-day owing to a coloured man who had been left in charge of the place assaulting a camp hand with a broom handle. The free labourers on their return attacked the coloured man in a body, and he was only rescued from serious injury by J. Jefferies, a clerk at the mine, who defended him with a revolver. At a meeting of the committee of the Live Cattle Exportation Association to- day, a letter was read from a dealer in Trieste and Vienna, offering to take 800 or 1000 head of fat cattle if they could be delivered at Trieste. It was resolved to call a fall meeting of the committee to complete the preliminaries in oonneotion with the association. Speaking to a mass meeting held in connection with the Seamen's Union to-night, Mr. Schey, M.L.A., said it had been remarked that the seamen on the steamer Wairarapa had dis- played more conoern for their own safety than for that of the passengers. But how, he asked, could men with wives and families on shore, men who were treated badly by their employers, and worked excessively long hours day and night, and were paid the wretched wage of 25s. a week, be expected by their employers or the public to show heroism ? This statement was received with cheers. November 23. Maria Lambert, a married woman, met her death yesterday in a singular manner. She was chopping a piece of wood with a tomahawk when she hit a clothes line with it, and the tomahawk rebounding, struck her on the nose, fracturing the bone. The woman's daughter informed the neighbours of the occurrence, but when they went to her assistance she was dead. Subsequently it was found that the blood from the fracture had flowed into the windpipe, completely blooking it, and causing suffocation. The disbandment of the Dairy Farmers' Export Association was decided upon to-day by the members. Prior to the motion to that effect being carried, it was shown that if the association were carried on, and the pro rata fund loyally contributed to, there would be a surplus over working expenses of £418 at the end of the season. If, however, the amount owing to shippers on account of the amounts under- drawn by them were paid, the whole of the anticipated receipts of £3957 would be absorbed, and a deficiency of £1468 at once created. Out of the amount of expeoted contributions, totalling £3967, only £63 had been paid. The cause of the collapse of the association is these non-payments and the with- drawal from it of firms who are willing to ship without demanding the pro rata payments from producers. During the discussion that took place a statement was made that if the association collapsed the farmers would form an export association of their own. The general opinion was that the disbandment of the assooiation would cause a drop in the price of butter. A dreary story of failure to establish and carry on the labour settlement at Pitt Town on a Socialistic basis is told by Mr. Benjamin Backhouse, Chairman of the Board of Control. The settlement was Btarted by the late Government, and was regarded as a sort of show place, at which men were willing to work together on a co-operative basis, and at the same time teaoh themselves how to undertake outdoor and farm work; but the element of discord crept in, as soon as they became well fed many of the settlers discovering a tendency towards individualism. The common bond of poverty, says Mr. Back house, then disappeared, and one man wanted to compete with another without restraint. What is needed, he holds, is something more than a common bond of poverty, which disappears directly the men's stomachs are full, and he suggests that religion will supply this tie. November 25. Mr. H. Oxenham left by the mail train this evening for Brisbane, where the "leviathan" bookmaker intends opening up a business. He was accompanied by Mr. S. White, who will act as manager of his business in Queensland. The weather is extremely hot, and large bush fires are raging in different parts of the colony. Shipping masters report that the haze produced by the smoke in the neighbourhood of Green Cape quite obscures the lighthouse and the light there. At a meeting of the miners on strike at Greta yesterday it was resolved that an appeal should be made to the trades organisations in Great Britain and America for aid, with a view to keeping the Miners' Association alive during the present depression. It will be pointed out when making the appeal to the public that the miners had given large aid to the London dockers when the latter went out on atrike in 1891. Arthur Watson Lloyd, a son of Sir Horatio Lloyd, who was well known under the stage name of "Arthur Rigby," died at Katoomba during the past week. For some time he was a member of Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove's Opera Company, and subsequently he played with Mr. Rignold at Her Majesty's Theatre. The Premier, Mr. Reid, has completed the arrangements for the holding of a conference of Premiers at Hobart on the federation question, on the 29th January. During the past week a number of shearers have been it Orange, with the result that there have been constant disturbances in the streets between the unionists and the non-unionists. On Thursday night two men who were assaulting an old man were arrested, and yesterday they were sentenced to terms of imprisonment. Vile language was used, and stones were thrown on the oocasion, the trouble several times assuming the dimensions of a riot. Last night the disturbance was worse than ever. Summer street was thronged with people, and a number of men were using threatening language, when the police arrested one man for assault and others for disorderly conduct. The police were stoned and kicked, and had to use their batons. One of the prisoners called out, " Unionists, where are you ? Is this unionism, to let them take me?" Endeavours were made to rescue the prisoners, but they were finally got to the gaol, a crowd following the cabs in which the prisoners were, throwing stones the whole time, and bombarding the lockup with blue metal. At the Police Court yesterday several severe sentences were passed. For the last two or three nights it has been unsafe for ordinary people to go down the main street. The Rev. George Pratt, who was the pioneer missionary to Samoa, and, with the exception of the Rev. J. B. Hair, of St. Arnaud, Victoria, the only survivor of the early band of Samoan missionaries, died yesterday afternoon after a long and painful illness. The rev. gentleman went to Samoa in 1838, under the auspices of the London Missionary Society, with the late Rev. William Howe. In addition to his ordinary work, Mr. Pratt rendered valuable aid in the translation of the Scriptures into the Somoan language, and he compiled a Samoan dictionary and grammar. He died at the ripe age of 77 years, leaving a widow and twelve children. November 26. The farmers are complaining very bitterly of the lowness of prices, while the millers say they are not prepared to buy wheat owing to the uncertainty as to when the Premier will move for a repeal of the present duty. It is probable as a consequenoe that the farmers will cut a large area of wheat for hay. Probate duty amounting to £1877 12s. was paid to-day on the estate in New Sooth Wales of the late Charles Pile, of Adelaide, sheep farmer, the net value of the estate being sworn at £46,940. The authorities at the Labour Bureau report that men in indigent circumstances are coming to Sydney from the other colonies, and especially from New Zealand. About twenty men a day register their names at the bureau. The weather reports throughout the whole colony record extreme heat to-day. At Brookong station and near Urana large bush fires have been raging for a week past, and many homesteads are in imminent danger, but volunteer parties are helping to beat back the flames. The standing crops have in some oases been completely consumed, and it is thought that the Murrumbidgee River alone will stop the oourse of the fire. The Railway Commissioners have been requested by the Minister for Works to report on the advisability of constructing light lines of railways from Parkes or Forbes to Gondobolin, and from Bourke to Baringun. The latter line will ba eighty-four miles in length, and would tap a great deal of the traffic of the south-western portion of Queensland. The existing depression in the colony, and the need for carrying out publio works with a view to give employment to the people, was dwelt upon to-day by the Premier in a speech delivered by him at Newcastle. The Government, he stated, intended to submit to Parliament a large number of works which ought to be carried out, and this, he hoped, would relieve the depression until private enterprise had recovered from the shook of the late financial crisis. He was being pestered to float a loan, as there was any amount of money in Sydney awaiting investment, but he would have to see that no money was thrown away. Speaking at a banquet this evening, Mr. Reid reiterated his intention of insisting that the Legislative Counoil should pass the liberal legislation sent up to it. November 27. A mob of about one hundred unionists surrounded thirty-four free shearers from Langawarra station, at the Broken Hill Railway Station last night, when the men were leaving by train, and a row arose. The poliee arrested George Williams, one of the attacking party, and he was to-day sentenced to one month's imprisonment, without the option of a fine, for assault. A tremendous bushfire broke out on Tubbo station, near Narandera, yesterday. The whole estate was completely burnt; though the home stead was saved. The flames also extended over the Yarrabee and Goree stations. The grass was very long and inflammable. A fatal street fight occurred at Bathuret last night between James Ryan, a shearer, and a coloured man named Reynolds. Both men were very drunk at the time, but in the course of the combat Ryan, who was an extremely powerful man, was knocked down and killed. The post-mortem examination disolosed that death was caused by paralysis of the heart, due to a blow. It also seems that Ryan's breast was smashed. Reynolds was brought up to-day on a charge of manslaughter and remanded. The trial of Henry Lawless, Andrew O'Neill, Henry Birkeley, Paul Pabae, D. Buckley, Robert Nottley, and Thomas Halkins (who were previously tried at Broken Hill), oharged with attempting to burn down the engine house belonging to the Momba Pastoral Company at Mount Dampier, near Wilcannia, was conducted to-day at the Central Criminal Court, before the Chief Justioe. Evidence was given similar to that tendered at Broken Hill. Pabae, Lawless, Birkeley, and O'Neill were found guilty, while Nottley, Halkins, and Buckley were acquitted. Sentence was deferred. An action was begun to-day in the jury court, in which Alexander Amos, a well-known contractor, sued the Railway Commissioners to recover £209,000, the alleged value of certain quarry hinds at Bowral, resumed by the Railway Department. Mr. W. P. Reeves, Minister for Labour and Education in New Zealand, arrived from that colony by the steamer Wakatipu this morning, the object of his mission being to visit South Australia, New South Wales, and Viotoria with a view to investigating the labour settlement movement in those colonies, and the methods of dealing with hospital and charitable votes. Mr. Reeve proceeds at onoe to Melbourne and Adelaide. A plumber, named Weston Telfer, fell from the top of the Works Office, in Phillip-street, to the pavement, a distance of 120ft., to-day, his head striking the gutter and his right arm the kerbstone. When picked up he was alive, but he died while being taken to the hospital. It is not known how he lost his balance. 