JOHN KING, SQUATTER, J3r "LYNETTE." " I'm to be the squatter, ain't I, dad I" It waa a September afternoon. Jack Kino;, squatter, millionaire, and ox- coaohdriver, sat by his wife's side on the broad verandah of Wonga Wonga homestead, and talked with her of tho future of their two aons. The master of Wonga was in a rather dissatisfied frame of mind. "Will is bothering me to send him to Oxford," ho complained» "Ho gets his tastes from you, my dear. He'll never be a squatter-that's certain. And who's to take up the plnoe when I'm gone? That young rip Jack-his solo idea is to have race- horses mid ride them himself. He would turn Wonga into a stud farm. Give mo my tea, dear-strone, no milk." Mrs. King handed her husband the tea, which matched the ton on his face. He cut a slice of lemon into the cup, and con- tinued " But I don't suppose it's nny use jibbing on these matters. Some needy peer's daughter will marry Will for his money, and he'll stay in Europe once he gets there. Jack's Bhare will reach the Melbourne bookmakers in time." A boy came up from the direction of the stables whistling like a matrpic. He met bia father's hall-irritated glance, and, as ii in- stinctively divining the topio of his parents' conversation, broke in with " I'm to be the squatter, ain't I, dad * " He was a handsome boy of twelve, with a resolute sunburnt face and curly brown hair. Ue put his arm round his Imother'a shoulder, and leaning his cheek against hcr's asked for "one of those lemons. Suoking lemons keeps a fellow's weight down, you know." The squatter grunted, and young Jack went on "The coach'stopped running yesterday, dad. If you'd been driving the Hoods wouldn't have mattered. The fellow they've got now is an Englishman." " Is that why it stopped V " Of course. You couldn't get an English- man to drive eight horses like you used, and half the country a lagoon," "I never thought I'd own Wonga then, Jack. But those were good old days, I'm not ashamed of them, and I hope my sons never will be." And Jack King the elder cast ids eyes over the wide country before him with the suspicion of a sigh for the old daySjWhich always seem good in recol- lection. Wonga Wonga sits by the Murrumbidgee. Tlie river lapa the banka of the homestead gardens on two sides, then Bwirls away over a wide swampy region where all manner of feathered things beautiful to look at and excellent to eat have their being. The gardens themselves,. even after long acquaintance, became only a confused recollection of glow- ing colour. Jets of water falling over orango trees and rosea, long white walkB between every shade of sub- tropical foliage, more roses and more oranges. The red and gold intermingle. The flocks, which bear the King brand, are white on many a pad- dock right away to the horizon. Jack King's fleecea have taken the prize at the Sheep breeders' Show year after year. ". Keen of eye and ear, ready of tongue and readier understanding, the ex- coachdriver secreted knowledce as a squirrel hides nuts. In days gone by he learnt as much of squatting from the box-seat of his coacli rta many a jackeroo in years of training. And in after life, when he be- came one of themselves, the squatters who liad sat beside him for many a long journey found him a Wena to be respected, a man to be trusted, and an expert to be feared. The master of Wonga had little accent or pe- culiarities of speech; but the Bquare jaw, the long ' flattened line of cheek, the tall, massive figure, and, more than all, the restless energy of the man, bespoke his New England origin. The tan on his face and long flexible hands waa more than skin deep. The cold grey of his eye could scarcely be detected to such a degree had the. lids contracted under the influence of hot Australian days and freezing Australian nights. Mrs. King was governess on a Riverina station when elie met her future husband, who by that time horsed a small team of his own in connection with the mighty Cobb. The lady was what some phrase as "a victim of circumstances." Nature and train- ing had intended her for naught but a woman of fashion. But a day carne when ruin visited her father, and of a sudden ti night came when his soul was required of bira. So "knowledge by suffering" entered and changed the fashionable idle girl into the thoughtful working woman. With his usual acumen Jack King made his selection. "She is tv lady, which.is more than anyone can say for the woman vvhosechildren she is educating," he reasoned. " I have money, and I'll make more. She has manners. When they're joined to my money there won't be many to stand against lier in the Iliverina." The lady was pretty and tactful. She had judiciously pruned this husband of hers, who after sixteen years of married life confessed the wife to be dearer than the bride. The only fault he found with her was that she had given too much of her tastes to their eldest son Will-then a hid of fifteen at the Geelong Grammar behool. To this school Jack the Second, ob his family called the other son, was sent soon after the opening of this story. And so the months went by till nearly two years had elapsed. Will had gone to Oxford. Jack had become the best oarsman of his ago on the Barwon. In his holiday time at Wonga the boy spent all his days outdoors on the run with the station hands or with the manager, who of all men he wor- shipped next his father. The manager, Slator by name, was a Riverina native. He was tall and btoad-shouldered, with the low, slightly drawling voice, the slow movements, and the quiet, unchanging eye of the man accustomed to gaze at mono- tonous and limitless distances. But when occasion required, those low, drawling tones could become strident enough, and the slow movements grow quick aa the panther's. As one of the distinguished persons remarked of Slator and his ilk, "A few subtle changes and the beggars would pass muster in uñy West-End club or drawingroom. I suppose it's because they are cursed, as we ore, with tlie doctrine of nil admiran." With Slator, Jack the Second rode daily, ostensibly to inspeot Hocks, boundary fences, or fire-break. But only the manager knew the boy's heart to be with horses, not sheep. All his talk was of horses whose names arc in the stud- book, all his meditations of the glorious time when he should own and ride steeplechasers and drive record-breaking trotters. Did Slator and his men shift a mob of ewes and lambs from one paddock to another, Jack watched and commented upon the horsemanship. Tile, fire-breaks had to bo inspected. There is a " vyosp waist " in tlie long, newly-ploughed line of red earth that runs parallel with the rails. The manager dismounts and paces tlie narrow part. " Two feet short of ten," he says ¡ " won't do." Jack responds, "Riverina Belle jumped raits and break yeBterday ; her first jump over anything bigger than a sheep, either." The boy preferred to eat his meals in the cook-house amongst the men. He slouched about with the stable boys, and helped them with their work. If his lather chanced to drive a party of visitors to the sheds the boy avoided them like a half-shy, half-sullen young animal. All wa3 well at Wonga, The wool clip had been good. The bush-fire Beason was two months off. But by way of recoil tlie river began to rise at a time when, by all the laws that govern rains and rivers, it should have been well on its descent towards summer level. Each day the river gaugings signified rising, till October gave place to " the full and glad November," when all the low- lying country between Wonga homestead and Wonga township was submerged. The water was in every place but where it was required. It lapped at the roots of the roses and orange I trees in the Wonga gurden as if to lay bare the mystery of their life. It washed away the wheat crops of the struggling selectors I and flooded out the green and crimson sand- ' pipers and drowned their young. It made trackless tho short tracks to the township pnd grew sickly warm under a cloudless, brassy sky. It did all the mischief it could, and never a trickle of the rains that fed it strayed into the tanks out back, where the sheep were standing a hundred deep round the empty baainB. Jack's Chtistmns holidays had been an- ticipated by about three weeks. Ile was sitting on tlie verandah, where two years before his father and mother had discussed their sons' future. Jack was ill at ease. Inaction was to hiin as imprisonment to a tiger. The hour of woman's peril was at hand with his mother. But tlie boy did not quite understand things. The hush over the home- stead irritated him. Yesterday his mother was as well as possible. There were myriads of white butterflies fluttering amongst the scarlet poppies in the garden, and Jack's St. Bernard pup was catching and mouthing them to death on the mat, The boy liad counted ten butterfly corpses when his father camo^ on to the verandah, Tlie squatter looked anxious. Ile shaded his eyes with his hand and looked towards the home paddock. A vibrating glimmer sweltered above it. But no sign of life was in sight. " In God's name what keeps the man ?" "Who, Dad?" i "Todd. He's run out to yard ' Joker.' i Your mother is ill, and we want the doctor." In a flash Jack was enlightened. "Riverina Belle is in her stall," and the lad sprang to his feet. " I'll fetch thedootor, Dad, by God !" The oath sounded strangely on the lips of the lad. Before his father could reply Jack was in the stable. Not more than two minutes the squatter stood in the same spot watching for a sign of "Joker" and the groom, when Riverina Belle and her lider out his line of vision like a bird's flight. Then the hedge dividing the garden from the park land intervened. But he stood listening and tracing his son's course by the hoof-beats on the smooth, flinty avenue. Tho mare was already at racing speed. Then carne a second's pause, a thud, and the¡ galloping re-commenced on the heavy dust of the roadway. " Ile didn't stop to open the gate." The squatter smiled as he spoke, and went | into the house. For a mile or so Jack kept to the road, then turning shurp to the right made for the near cut to the township. A grass plain swooning dry and crisp in the mid-afternoon sun lengthened in front. Riverina Belle had settled to her work iii earnest. She had her head. The hearts of horse and rider beat in mutual understanding as mile after mile was flung behind. Then there gleamed in front another prospeot -a flower-like waste of Cape weed merging iuto lightly timbered country. Midway on the Cape weed plateau the mare galloped more heavily, and the imprint of the hoofs behind lier filled with water. The track through the timbered ground was never more than a bridle path. Now it was snbmerged. Jack drew rein for a second whilst he located his position, lfe was on the frince of the flood, and far as he could see in front stretched expanses of water with sandhills rising high and dry in pigmy pride above them. The lad pulled the mare's.nose out of the water, and she dashed forward, sending a shower of spray over herself and her rider.' ' Steaming with heat and moisture, Jack found himself out of the* timber and on the property of a selector. The owner's cottage stood clear above the flood, but the farm of last week was washed out of existence. The selector was driving some of his Btock towards the sandhills when Jack whizzed past. "You're forcing the pace, youngster," he called ; but the boy was already out of hear- ing, and the man added, " She can't keep it up with à wet foothold." The selector's boundary fence, looking like a Beriea of penoil strokes in the strong light of sun and water, stretched in' front. There was only the other fence beyond,» when the township roofs came in sight. Jack's heart beat faster as much, it must be cohfessed, in pride of the record he was breaking as at the thought of his mother's peril, which he did not fully realise. The water had scarcely risen above the loivestrail, and in one place a patch of rising ground stood clear above the Hood on either side of the panelB. The mare- showed signs of distress. Jack steered her to, the dry ground to take the jump. The selector, watching from his sandhill, saw the mare gallop up tho rise. Ile marked tlie two great strides and the slightly shorter one with which she rose at the fence. Her rise from the ground waa clean, her leap clear, yet something Beeraed to happen in mid-air. In recounting the matter later Donne, the selector, asserted that it "must have been a blasted cramp. Anyhow, the maro seemed to drop her hindquarters as if she'd got a bullet in the flank. She struck the rails with both hind legs. The youngster turned a double somersault and landed on his back." When Donne reached the spot Jack was lying as he had been thrown, his arms out- spread and his eyes blinking up at the pitiless sky, as if he was moro dazed than hurt. Riverina Belle was Btandirig in the water sucking up great draughts. . " Never mind me," said Jack, as the man bent over him ; " take the mare, and ride like hell into the township for the doctor. Bring him back to Wonga. My mother is ill. j Damn it, man, don't crouch there like a chivied 'possum!" Donne took tho mare, and rode more cautiously than Jack had ridden till the short out converged with the township road. He stopped .the first vehicle he met, told the driver in a few words of Jack's accident and where to find him, and rode on. That night, when they pat the squatter's infant daughter into his arms, a messenger waited without to tell him that in Wonga township his son lay crippled with a broken back. There were two doctors in Wonga town- ship. One the old practitioner who had gone to the station homestead when the Bummons arrived by Donne, the other a young -man named Stanley, not ¡long through his university course. To the houBC of tho young man Jack ' was carried, put to bed and a narcotic administered. He had taken his accident very quietly. His eyes were only a little dim, he said. His left arm was injured, but that was nothing. He had no pain, aud would be better in the morning. The morning came and with it the lad's father, and the horror of full enlightenment for both. " Did I get the doctor in time, dad 1 " " Yes, my poor boy, and " Baved your mother's life." "And Riverina Belle? Shenin't hurt." "She's safe. Not a soul shall ride her till-" The squatter's voice died away without finishing the sentence. The boy lay silent for a time thinking. Never to walk again, never to dip his oars into the river, never to mount and ride -- "Well, Dad, mother's safe, and Riverina Belle's all right, and my back's broken and I won't be worth a curse any more 1 So shoot me, Dad, shoot me ! " " My poor boy-my boy, my boy," and for the only time in his life Jack King broke i down. The strong man's grief mingled with the rebellious, dispairing sobs of the boy. (To be Continued Next Wednesday.) 