Queensland Stock Movements and State of the Country. (Queanslander, July 14.) Only three stations in Queensland have reported rain thia week, and the quantities registered there were insignificant. Throughout the country the weather has been 'set fair' and cold. Frostis have been frequent, and on Wednesday last the minimum thermometer reached its lowest point this year — 21deg., the station reporting being Cambooya. Caibns, July 5.— The weather has been fine since yesterday. Townsville, July 10.— The weather is very cold and dry. Winton, July 11. — There are passing to-day 1732 store bullocks from Van Book, travelling to Barana, near Muswellbrook, Bank of New South Wales owners. The mob are doing well, and have made a splendid trip bo far. — June 21 : A mob of. I 512 bullocks and cows passed last Monday, com prised of 160 bullocks from BladenBburg, the balance from Diamantina Lakes, bound for Lake's Creek. They are the property of Macartney and' Percy, and J. A. Macartney. — July 10: The weather is beautifully fine, and the nights bitterly cold. Maelsorotigh, July 5.— On the second instant I 502 store bullocks passed from Yaamba for Fernless j station, 50 fat cows also left Gtlenprairie station for Mount Morgan. Cold nights with westerly winds-, prevail. Maryborough, July 11. — There was a sharp froBfc ? last night, and the weather is cold to-night. Thargomindah, June 23. — Steady rain set in here on Thursday night, and has continued with out intermission ever since. The total fall this. morning at 9 o'clock registered I184m, and steady rain ib still falling. From reports to hand the fall appears to have been general all over the district It will be welcomed by the squatters as a veritable godsend, as not only will winter and summer feed be assured, but it will prevent bushfires which might otherwise have occurred in connection with the shearing dispute. Grass was abundant all over the district, but was -just beginning to dry up, and a stray match would have set the country in flames. This temptation will now be removed, as the present rain will freshen up the grass and herbage will be shooting in all directions, making bush fires impossible,. This promises to be one of the best seasons this district has seen for many years past ; grass, herb age, and water art abundant, and the present ram!, will assure summer feed, even should no more rain fall during the present year. Adavale, July 9. — This morning was the coldest experienced here this winter, 7 degrees of frost being registered. CunnamtilIiA, July 11. — The weather has been fine, with sharp frosts for the past week. The country is drying slowly, but all the roads are still', heavy. The prevailing winds are south-west. The maximum shade temperature for the week was 63 degrees, and the minimum 30 degrees. There are' passing to-day 500 fat cattle from Comongin sta tion to Bourke, Cleve, Fink, and Co., owners. Vf.ttivrA. .Tnlv 11.— TIia wAat.Vinr in iato nniA. Taroom, July 3.— The waters have all subsided after the recent floods, and the roads have become again fit to travel. The irregularities in the coach arrangements have been the cause of considerable inconvenience to travellers, and what makes the matter more annoying is that the opposition coach has been able to travel, while the mail has on three occasions during the late rains been delivered on horseback. We are now having beautiful weather, slightly frosty. Eoma, July 9.— The rainfall for the halfyear ended the 30th June was 24-73in. ' The weather is- fine, with a south-east wind. All the mails are now running up to time.— July 10: Nine degrees o£ frost were registered here this morning. Dalbt, July 6. — The weather is fine and frosty. Toowoomba, July 9.— The weather is fine and very cold at nights. The thermometer this morn ing registered 17deg. at Cambooya and 23deg. at Toowoomba. — July 11 : Heavy frosts still continue on the Darling Downs. The thermometer regis tered 15deg. at Cambooya this morning, and there has not been such a continuation of severe frosts since 1890. The wheat crops throughout the district, however, look promising. 