FLOCK AND HERD. BY BRUNI. "Shall we breed wool or hair?" Only a few years ago the veriest tyro in sheep husbandry could have answered that question rightly and without the slightest hesitation. Nowadays the most experienced sheep-breeder will hesitate to give an opinion in the face of the prices realised by merino wool of the highest type, and that paid for what in the old days we would have pronounoed to be " hair." Mr. W. H. Dal ton, who manages Mr. W. H. Bullivant's Longerenong Estate, has been thinking the matter over after reading a letter on the subject by " Fine Wool," which appeared in TIIA Australasian of January 6, and not being able to come to a satisfactory con clusion he has sent me four samples of wool from as many sheep in the Longerenong stud, asking if in my opinion this is the type of wool to grow. I regret extremely that I am unable to assist Mr. Dalton. Our beautifully fine wools, the best in the world, are neglected by manu facturers, and the crossbred wool that we used to look upon with such contempt is now in demand. That " deformed thief fashion " has willed it that the materials for women's dresses all over the world shall be made up of a common material to last only as long as the fashion, and that is usually a very short time. The beautifully fine materials that were so much prized by our grand-parents are known no longer. The desire of every one is to be in the fashion, and to wear a material that shows its mongrel origin from the first, never looks well, and is shabby in a week. The depression that has been so severe may teach thrift, in which case there will be a return to the beautiful and lasting fabrics that were so prized of old. In that case high class merino wool will take its old position at the head of the list. The samples sent by Mr. Dalton are very attractive. The one from a four-tooth ram's fleece that weighed 23£lb. is of high quality, of moderate length of staple, remarkably dense, and with a pronounced black tip. The lock from a four-tooth ewe's fleece, weighing 15Jlb., is a trifle longer, of beautiful quality and character. The most attractive sample is from a six-tooth ewe. It is above the average length of merino wool, of the finest quality, and has that beautiful character that is usually seen in the best and finest of Tasmanian merinoes. The two tooth wool taken from a fleece that weighed 14Jib. is very promising. With the depreciation in merino wool and the objec tion on the part of the British consumer to merino mutton it is difficult to advise what shall be done with sheep that grow such wool. It seems to me almost a sin to cross them with longwools, and yet the inexorable logic of facts shows that in the present condition of the market for both wool and mutton the crossbred is the more profitable animal for all purposes. But then the question arises, how long will it last The samples of wool sent me by Mr. Dalton are from the produce of a seven-eighths Vermont ram bred by Messrs. M'Farland Bros., of Barooga, from Longerenong stud ewes. I One of the oddest classes for cattle at a live-stock show was surely that incloded in j the prize schedule of the Leeds Smithfield Club Show, held oft the 12th December lust. The prizes offered were for the best cow in milk for slaughtering, this being t he first time such a contest was invited by the club. The entries were large, and the class was generally regarded as one of the best in the show. The shorthorns predominated and carried off the first and second prizes. The first prizetaker is reported as being a typical shorthorn, large framed, level, and symmetrical. She was full of beef where beef is most wanted, and showed great milking capacity. The second prizetaker showed even a greater milking capacity, whilst in her general symmetry and the quality of her beet no fault could be found. That there should have been 18 ex hibits in such a class, and of such pronounced excellence as to excite general admiration, is a good answer to those who have en deavoured to make fun of the general-purpose cow. Mr. J. Liddle, of Wellington, N.Z., has written to me on the subject of erecting a new style of fencing which he believes will be of great value in Central Australia, where timber is scarce and where bush-fires at times do much mischief. Noticing that the Victo-! rian Government have advertised some hun dreds of tons of rails for sale, it has occurred to him that these rails might be ntilised in making fire-proof fencing. His plan is to cut j the rails into' the lengths required for posts, and drill the holes for wires at any gauge j desired. These posts cannot be destroyed by fire, and they axe safe against the attacks j of the white ant. As back loading they j would be carried cheaply by the Government j railways, and being onfit for railway purposes they could be bought at a very low price. My correspondent says:-" You can pose as a public benefactor, or go in as a speculator. Bay up all the old rails, and contract for the erection of fire-proof fences." After carefully thinking the matter over, I have decided to adopt the r6le of public benefactor. Mr. Liddle says that on one of the railway lines out of Wellington there are -several miles of fencing in which old rails are used sb posts. Old rails were also freely used as uprights in an exhibition-building put up in Wellington some years ago. Cattle-breeders generally are of opinion that Herefords are useless for dairy purposes, and yet I have met with many pure Hereford cows and high-class grades that have been excellent milkers. One of the best herds of Herefords for the pail that I have met with was that the late Mr. Thomas Bromell kept on bis property near-Hamilton. They were very well-bred cattle, and were so quiet that they were not put In the bail to milk. As milkers they were a fair avesage lot. While going through some dairy berda near W&rr; nambool lately I noticed that & considerable' number of the caws had an unmistakable dash; ot Hereford blood, and tliey would not be there if they were not good milkers. The Korumburra correspondent of TheAvslrcd asian, writing under the date Jan. 8, notes the fact that the dairy herd of Mr. Langliam, of Ivy Hill, consisting of 25 head, were almost all half or three-quarter bred Here fords, by a Murndal bull. That they were good dairy cattle is shown by the fact that they liad yielded from 1751b. to 2001b. of butter weekly for some time. While in the Goulburn Valley last week I visited Mr. George Pagan's farm, Burnaide, where I renewed my acquaintance with bis excellent stud herd of Herefords. Mrs. Pagan told me that the cows were excellent milkers, giving fully as much milk as the general run of dairy cows in the neighbourhood. It was proved by the Babcock test to be the richest in butter fat sent to the local creamery. There are families of Herefords that are good milkers jiist as there are families of Devons and Shorthorns thatare excellent for the dairy. The Herefords have been neglected, while the milking families of shorthorns have been preserved. 