Christmas lu Hades. During Christmas of this current year 1893; I was puzzled what to do with myself. A victim to a polioy of political reconstruction, I failed to derivo any of its contingent advantages, and, like the empty traveller, was fain to sing defiantly — Oh, Oh, rackctty Oh ! Here's a contingent waif Of Ipswioh Barlow. But the marine cable having been suc cessfully laid to Noumea, the capital of New Caledonia, and a decided step in advance i on the route between Queensland and: Hades, I received the following unexpected and flattering cablegram 1)kau- H'. — Put in your Christmas with Die. Proserpine ? has my permission to flirt with you if you prefer, hor to the other Hcoatos. ' You will moot most of your friends and all your Into colleagues. Of course there is no fishing, skating, or sonsonai sports, but tho dogs are in good fettlo and I can bent up n few salamanders, and may ba a dragon. No damp linen or chills. Roply paid. — Satan. It took but a moment to respond to his Highnoss' invitation. At first, with RUDrerae bad taste. I thought of airing my learning by quoting Milton, wiring some neat little allusion to 'Princes, powers, and potentates of Hell,' or ' Hail, Luoifer,' but inde pendently of tho fact that ' Hail ' and ' Hell ' are incongruous allies, I remembered Samuel Johnson, the great lexicographer's, ruling that it did not become him, stilt less me, to bandy words with his prince, so I briefly raplied — Accept gratefully ; will reach Holl by tho 0.40 p.m. on the 24th. Bringing a coalition pup with mo — acclimatised. Passing over tho journey, which, though on a heavy downward grade, was devoid of curves and ran smoothly on tho broadest possible gauge, two things claimed immediate attention. The first was, the indiatinguishing cordial greeting of His Majesty and bis charming spouse, a hospitality not marked by insulting shades of dis tinction. but accorded to-evorv.. claimant' upon '-tho illimitable resources of the demesne. I assure you, despite jpy special personal invitation, I could not detect the least varianco between the reception of tho greatest magnates or the . petty trespassers who dropped in upon what they wero pleased to oajl pp eternal infernal visit. Olivet Cromwell, who reconstructed — temporarily — ' English society,, met with no warmer greeting than Yaberlungio ..Tarn,, Thero might, perhaps, on nice observation, bo detected a little extra fire in the f«Gepfion of corpulent guoBtB. Owing to d deficiency of moisture, the nlijpat ical cOtuMowa of the locality aro unfavourable to the production of vegetable oiler, end independently of the unsuitahility of ffcfl.. residents to face tho rigor of our Arctic or Antartio winter, the scaroity of whales forbids any ? reliance, upon that source of supply. In fact since J onah, through tho kindness of His Highness, was fired out of tho belly' of the Soriptnral whale, no speci men of b cetacean has been seen, and considerable speculation exists as to the chance of a second ecclesiastical windfall of that nature being received from the fisheries of my loved oolony. For this reason Fat men, ' and, to a lesBer extent, Fat women, receive upon arrival an expressive glow of gratula tion. The advent of women, fat or slender, old or young, is not, however, a niattor of unfoignod pleasuro to Ilia Highness. In truth, as' ho philosoph ically puts it, womeu in Holl aro matter in the wrong place. On oartb they form — I am quoting His Highness' words but am far from endorsing them —on earth they form, HiB Highness asserts, tho moBt powerful agenoy at his control. Unsolicited, nnbouglit, unbribed, tbey win and woo the bright est seotion of his subjects, and rank infinitely higher in the estimation of His' Highness than the souroe of potent vulgar faotora of drink, thriftvqnd cm bezzlemont, public and private. And this brings mo to a startling, though striotly logioal aoquonoo, of hellish life. The Looni Option and tho lioensed publicans' interests no longer clash. Holl is tho only place whero temper nnco, to say nothing of total abstinence, conses to find food for agitation. Tho brazen-mouthed advocates of aqueous Baint or alcoholic sinner find their occu pation gono. There is no drink in Hell. Wine and wotor are conspiouous by their abaonoe. Perkins' entire is entirely wonting. No hideous plaoards or illusory ono pound notes tempt attention to Wolfe's Schnapps. The only star is the morning star. Holl in an elysium of total abstinence, though strange to say, although they outnumber tho moderate drinkers, they don't Boom to appreointe tho position. ? ? When tho tho simple ooromony of introduction was over and I had time to cast a look around, I was amused at a brief dialogue botween Dives, a typical fat man, and Mc ? th, who had just tncked his kilt under him'and complained of tho dry heat. } Dives was whining for the apocryphal drop of water and Lnzarus hypooritically bo moaning his inability to grant it, when Mo ? th, grasping the situation with his usual common sense, interjected, ' Watter is it, ye'd spior for, my mon. Dinna' fash yorsel' aboot it. Gin I could get a grnp of a guid drap of whuskoy, I'd no greet by tho ingle neuk.' After a little while His Highness, with pleasing affability, proposed a stroll throngh tho preoinots of the court. You may fanoy how closely I scanned the array of eager faces, wearing an expressed, if nntruo, conviction that they were the cynosure of admiring eyes. But every face in this quarter wbb strange, neitner ronuus jrnaie, nor Cortezuba, nor Nero, nor Talley rand, nor Gladstone, Disraeli, or tho lamented Parnell were there. Scrutin izing my air of sudden snrprise, and interpreting my thoughts, His Highness said, ' Ah, you nre looking for your cherished constellations ; they aro of no account here. Tho greatness of those men was due not so much to capacity as opportunity. I put no store on opportunity : tho men who enjoy it play life with cogged dice, I esteem those whoso so-oalled wicked ness was fettered — I mean no pun — by anachronism or stupid clashing with hnman restrictions.' 'But suroly,' I retorted, 'Queens- land has furnished mon worthy of your, highest consideration. Yet I don't see G. or T. or even H — k — n.' ' Oh,' responded Satan, ' I've a lot of work to get out of H — k — n yet. When he gets a bit strait and learns the value of hypocrisy, ho'll make the poor pedals of Tam quiver. Queens land, however, is but a seoond-olass sphere — warm, but not hot ; rude, un cultivated and ambitious. As for the nen you speak of, we'll see them by rad-bye. At present, and in fadt for fix -years, they are in pawn for tho :eturu of higher spirits, whoso waxen dfigies are now moored in your river ;n tho hulk Success, or employed doing the confidenoo trick with financial re construction.' 'And talking of success, that reminds me,' continued His Highness, ' of a little brochure I once wrote for a poor devil of an editor, who would bo here wero not his soul too meagre for Hell and his pon to useful on earth. Pan dar I ' called His Highness to an attendant demon with a constitutional hypochondriacal expression of counten ance, 'a typewriter and a white elephant on stone, Put the telephone on to tho Brisbane .« Courier and repeat that little manuscript of mino which the'editor was frightoned to print as bordering on personality, and destruct ive of the principles of law and order. k. \\. , -p ? ? ? ? _ it. ? l» ? J ? Ci- a- „ iin, x rocuguiao-i' \ ana even oacan put on an air of protid~seli:aat:.5ficd literary humility. 'Yes, it ruus thus. 1' flattor myself it combines Edgar. Allan Poe — ho is in tho oornor, tjjore— with a soupcon of the letters of Francis — I mean Sir Philip Francis, as the world has decided — though if I ohoso I could make a better guess at the real author.' SATAN'S MANUSCRIPT SUCCESS. Listen to that bell with its clear, rich tone marking the progress of timo on the hulk Success. A hundred years have passed since that watch-gauge was run from the molten metal and swung, above the deck. A hundred yearn; three generations of modern life. From 1793 to 1893. On' Ira and tho Mar seljlaise. Napoleon the Great and Napoleon the Small. The bridge of Lodi and Ausfcerlitz. Moscow and Trafalgar. Solferino and Sedan.' Magenta and Metz, Tho glories of tho first empire; tho evnnesoeht glitter and Hhameful downfall of the Heoond. Mt. Morgan and Tarangaba ; suooess and failure. How narrow the dividing line ! Upon what irresponsibility dosB human fortune hang 1 The border-lino of fate, how thin. Let qs, while a psean of bells Bounds the tidings of nhi-inMnn inv rflened Home few reflcc ~ — J 'J i ? ? tionB prompted by tho theme. Stout ship with stout timbers almost laughing at decay. For a hundred yearB! along tny cieoKB lias uiea a never-enmng pro cossion of stealthy ghosts, From every porthole whence once the muzzle of tho cannon peered, a crowd of wari mourn ful shades now roveal themselves, spirits of the past, eidolons of those wIiobo brief caroor formed but a span of thy tempest-tossed existence. Tho stalwart oak was riven afjd shaped, tho bolt was . driven, the lofty must, was stopped, and, proud in tho expectancy of hope, the orew with thyself were launohed tcf wjn renown, Where are tlioy 1 Of what ayaij their oiuniqt like career.- The, post-caplain who did not see, or,' sooingj.ignofcd the signal for close aotfon, cashiered and dead ; dond in tho-. pritno. of difo. Tho luffs who drank ' thomselyes ' to death, The pursers who .thrived,,,' after tho manner of tlioir kind, ' 'on '^peculation. The little brnzen niids whose cures came in with, opquloty.,. 'Thi boatswain with his hairy breast, . joqrohahije.. the lioro of some immortajiaqd ? triangular duel.', Tho poachor, tho village ne'or-do-well,. the 'criminal, 'the -pressed man, foodifor shot sharks and scurvy. ' Whero be thoy 1 Gone, 'snail-like, long' before thoir living coffin. And thon'my Lords remove her from tho list- and devote hor to the transport service. Compdre this vessel, since ; altered, may bo, in her internal fittings, for a special purpose, her lineB' and .timbers yet remain a memorial of her early days. Compare her, I Baj-, ' with the .mariiio invalids lying not so distant from; hor berth. It is a contrast of human life then as now. Slow, snro and brutal as against prococity, spoed and' equal brutality of modorn mould. Compare, too, tho grooves of thought and action whioh detormino life, and note as before re marked liow thin the lino of demarc ation botween recognised failure and success. Ronegado Paul Jones, legal ised pirate, privateer, by virtue of a piece of parchment, courage and good luck, dies under the sanctity of an honoured flag. That was a hundred years ago, Stanley, renegade again, bears his flag in triumph over a heca tomb of murdered reputations and slaughtered natives, But to the Success. When Marat wan slain in his bath, exultant Franco breathed again, but whon tlio man typified as Captain Frere was done to death by exasperated convicts, whose life was a perfect hell, those men wero hanged as murderora, and their ghosts now grin in ghastly satire at the nice distinction. For it is nob a hundred, or fifty, or ten years, nay, nor ten minutes, before some of us will be face to face with these souls' who have deviated, by no fault of their own, may bo, from the accoptod path of legal reotitude, which leads to tame, lionor, power, weaitti and an inconsequential assumption of virtue into tho' by-paths of conflict with the ljiw. . 'It is .^a moot point wherein may lio the deeper shades of criminality. Virtue is : largely a matter of chance and teraporhrnopt. Tho good old rulo still holds, 'Let hint take who hns the powet1, let him keep who can. The man with a' good digestion and a cold heart is the. best equipped for, modern success, Thq.poor wtotches whpse' waxen effigies mock the very sorublauoo of humanity in! the Succobs were anachronisms, and suffered accordingly; They mark one of .'the transition periods of survival of the Attest, They are like sotuo of the creatures known to zoology, dwarfed, meagre representatives of armoured dragons once', iuling the auimal world. In/the days of Norse and Scandinavian glory, Norman froebooting, Elizabethan piruuy uii iiiu ufuuibu iuhuj, ur uvuii Pindaric theft, thoy would havo carved name and arms and wealth, and hung thoir honored banner in the Honso of Peers. But their instinctive claims to renown were thwarted by thoir sur roundings. They took to tho heath and.tho pistol in default of suits of mail and lances in rest. They filohod pockets instead of populations. They lowered themselves to tho level of tho constablo instead of sticking to tho con stitution, and as man must hang or ho hanged, Bhot or imprisoned, they, petty anachronisms as they wore, feeble imitations of Dugald Dalgotty, himself an emasculated typo of pristine warrior rogues( failed, and, irony o I fate,' met ' Success '' in tho form they moat ilnonrvnrl Sfi linl/T on il-. tvnc Pftr fKn Baron of olden times to sally forth wki...lvia -retainers _ and lmrry,, pillage, burn, destroy or annoy, vtwna tho scale upon which ho acted that lit his deeds with renown and huccohs. Even in those dqys tjie petty vnrlet who qnared a pigeon or rooked a drunken yokel of a groat, was shrived with short mercy. So, .too, tho poor spirits on the Snoeess who staked liberty and liberty and life, in a manly way, it is tyqo, ant} w}th ajl uuu uiiuo uymuat tuoui, utjoervuii uu iijq ills they met for ihoir innppreciation of the position, and should, if rghlly viewed, servo as objeot lesspns in a kindergarten oonrso of educational fit ness for succoss. It is only by exporlenco — bittor, cruel experience — these truths are-found. A few happy exceptions, Iust to prove the rulo, master the art -y observation. More qcqto minds utilise the historical procedure of the. monkey and tho eat with the obeBtnuts, But to the majority this fortuity and brilliahoe of practical appliontion are denied, Impulsive dispositions . rush hastily fco their objeot, get caught, and have to expiate. From consciousness of; similarly undetooted coincidences' used sometimes to gloss such original dorelictions, tho framors of the law liuvo now recognised tho large percent ago of population involved, and under the guiBo of the pirsfc Offenders jProba tion .Act, rcduoofl the punishment of a first failhro in conveyancing to tho dis agreeable consequences or detcotion. The whole question ljeq jq tj;p defjnitjon of conveyancing, and is intimately associated with Socialistic [ doctrines. What is war but murder on a great scale ? If gifted with o spnso of humor, how the Lord of Hosts must grip whon appealed to by both sides. ' Liberty |''- said Mndauie Roland— ah, what did she say ? — ' What crimes have been committed in thy name h Religion, for what is bHo responsible 7 ' ' Law-1- its. expouonts nro rightly, termed the. Devil'e Brigade— is- now, as ever,, the, biutdl exponent of orafb nnd might.' Poli ticians, ohamoloon invortebrata. Journal ists, poor Pandars of Power. Indepen dence' on onrbh means penury. Success falls to the hawk, and a merciful Providenco has provided pigeons in dense flocks.' No more, wore Success a gauge of merit, would the pulpit so largely, recruit the press. * ' * ' ?* jl Splendid,' said I. . . 'You really think so,' said Satan. 'Well, T' somotimoa fanoy I' might have mado 'my journalistic mark. Yot — ?cili'bono^tiicy all work for mo. But come, let uS'pursue our walk.' Now to mo. the novelty of Hell was this fJThe., entrance onoo effected, all caro seemed to fado away. The pangs of Hell, I learned, lay in its anticipa tion. As His' Highness paced with mo , ho was pleased' to give some personal reminiscences of the past. ' When I was in anotbor place, euphonistioally referred to as a highor chamber, I becamo ennnied. Fanoy, thero was I, bocnuso 1 had fought two or moro eloctionhonng Arumgedd'..-'., hoisted into a chamber crowded wish derelicts of more or less effaced intellectual type. Youth, conscious of talent and vigor, revolted against such melancholy en vironment.; Tliore was senile Jacob, who played his brother suoh a dirty trick with, a stolen pair of glovoo. There was David with his golden harp longing for Bothsheba and the bygone fun of regretted days. There wos Noah craving for another flood so that he might celebrate it with another drunk. But there were no parsons, or, at least, but ono. (dome of them had forsaken the pulpit for the press, nnd wrote misleaders with a brass halo round thoir heads. Some had even entored my brigade — the Devil's Own. Others wero aiding in running land totes and decrying gambling. Then again, Law and Property were largely represented. Abraham and that vixen Sarah gave Lazarus the hospitality of a drink from the Government artcBian bore, and oarned celestial bliss. Poor Hagar hBd an unnoticed corner, but Ishmael's hand was against every man's, and he becamo a bushranger with, luckily for him, no water in his desert wherein a a Sucoess might he moored. Pah ! I could go on for ever, 'Tis bettor to reign in Hell than serve in Heaven. 'Icij'suis etj'reste.' So I revolted and wtiB happily expolled from this society pf old women of both sexes.' . Thus beguiling the path with illus trative;. reminiscences, of, which Ilis Highness had naturally an inexlinu, stive store, I frankly pnt to him the request that he 'would -not take offence if I aBked him a few questions relative, to our reputed' flrst parents. ?' Certainly not,' said Satan with honhommie;' ' interview mo. Is not that tho correct modern expression 7 In old days the! question was put peine j ofl el duii, with, I fancy, about the same, modicum ! of truth. For instance, it ds understood, if I submit' to being interviewed,' that in return for a lot of assumed frankness, ?which moans, nothing,'! am to recoive a. fair amount of . political or social buttering. . Never mind what public men say about not caring for. what the; I'ress says. : ? It is a lie. Out of a thousand men (women bas« their likes or dislikes on personality) nine hundred take their opinions from their pet pnper. They are too busy to think and prefer repeating. parrot-like tho thoughts' inculcated by penny-a-liners.1 The most dangerous politician. Is Tho, brusque bravo, inflatod with the conceit'. that, lie made himself and can 'sthnd' alone. Unconscious example, liko ' Beau' 'Bruin- mel'a neckties, of supreme failure.' ? ', ? 'Pardon: me, --your Highness,. ??but touching Adam.' ' : 1 , v. - 'And p ppesumo,'' added' Satan, 'Eve?' ; '? Yes,.il not. too delicate a subject.'' . ''Well, it Is neco8sSty- \fl preface, by roniarking the eXtroordinaVy' obtuse noss of the seot oallei 'Christians po the sources of: their. ' faith.1 Though their week days and;ih'jj\idays are b'ut plagiariqm8 of yarioijii .'fqym'q ; qf ,' Pagqn faiths, and tliei.r books, like the Kornh , clouded as it is with Eastern imagery, needs scholarly interpretation; every tub-thumper starts' a form1 df'disqqpt of jijq owq, qnc( wa^es dqgipatlp. in precise proportion to his innate ignorance and lack of erndition,- ? A rdasohahlo floing would think that the Genesjs of Ohris- . tianity, being bo' olosely intorwdvon with Hobraic history, a olose study, of' the authorities of this stiff-necked race would be held of paramount importance, yet ono finds the preciso contrary :tOjbe. tho cobo, and tho Jew himself con temned, oxcept' when ' tho Tiolder of a Chrjstjqu signature . for value, roooived. Now, next to myself and the reoord's of unothor plaoo, so far as the Christian evolution is conoorned, Jowish 'records are of supremo authority. Thoy' wore written by men- who professed direqt jnapiyatjou ancj peyeonal (ntercoqrqo With too souroe of their, authority, and in their language aud tane'of expression denote a close fidelity to tho subjeot matter in hand. But though the gift of articulate speeoh, understandable by man j is confined qo far as men kqow tq ono sqljtary quadrupedal Instanoe — Balaam's — and1 a novor-ending proces sion of bipedal asses, no ass so loudly betrays his asinjty as tho average theojhgian. Why,' look at myself. From Milton downwards they unite by libels to do me heartfelt service while affectedly crying out to bo Bavod from mo. Now Eve, tho mother of mankind fronh say Plmroah's daughter to Cath erine of Russia; from Attlla, tho Hun, .to tho foster-father of tho contingent vote, wnn not. Adam's only or first wjfo. That gentleman married Lilltb, of whom ?ortraits are yet extant, a woman of oiuptubus serpentine, beauty, ' the ??' ' '/ 'u;:!;.'! 'A-'.' ' , autlioross of tho skirt dance and;my I very good servant to' hoot; Lilith.was, unhappily for my kingdom, denied -thei i pleasures' of maternity, and replaced by i Eve. The' little .legend 'touching 'the' i extraction , of .Adam's . rib makes one ? oontumeliously smile. It is a flagrant i instance' of tho many perversions of i text which have crept into' translntiouB ' of ancient works from the ignornnco of incompetent scholars.'' The rib' alluded ? to is' the rikrohsting Adam recqiyed' when ho presented Evo; to heir, pvede-'. cossor; ; Lilitlris depicted with a snake' girdling her lovely form. This-siiake,- ! it is needless to say, i was r wholly, imaginary, and 'thb hatural!:res,uVt'of- a' bnrst in . which Adnm indu)gc'd:rafter'' tapping tho forbidden fruibj'whioh'fras*' ' simply a; toddy^bimri^^^pluim,', ' made a beast of himself on tlii} ifelr*); monted produce ;? -a -snake-became on inevitable ^corollaryf---- -In-;trutli,--.the- j Gardeh' of' ''Ecldri vvas1 full'of '' ' full, in fact,-; that- ?Adqm pTefb in the I horrors, and Lilith, elouting^ to remain, | faded from :vmemor\y- nnd) became -m i forgotten lhytbr As to th'eahare allotted j to myself, I. ask you'as' a gontlemani ? can I touch upon the1 subject 7' Hero ' twisting his mouBtaoho, His' Highness quoted a fow lines from Faust, and I discreetly avoided further allusion to so delicate n subject. Just then a noticeable change in tho atinosphore ocourred. From a some what oppressive registor tho heat index suddenly fell to about Rockhampton temperature, nnd His Highness mater ially noticing the depression, aqptnjly rated some neighbouring demon? 'uj&tt; their inattontion to the stores. Bnt hardly had a hasty reproach escaped his lips than with courtly graco ho apologised to the terrified imps, and smilingly pointing out a group of Queensland notabilities remarked — ' Well, I see its Sam G. Even robes and a wig, coupled with this looal warmth, ore insufficient to conquer his frigidity. I wonder thoy nover used him as a director of ice works away yonder (pointing to where a rising mist of bush-fire - smoke showed tho propin quity of Oyradornia). Yes; there they aro ; Sam and Tam, that comic legis lative dramatist tho Contingent Vote, with Tommy B.jwho holdB my power of attorney, T— and, yes, it is alive, poor 0., struggling beneath his wig and Tarn's scowl when he hesitates to give his casting vote tho right way, I'm afraid I've not made your visit pleasant. As I told you, fishing is at a discount here, .audi pardon tup, but I forgot to tell you ? it is tho oloso season for sala-- mandcrs nnd dragons.' .. ? :?? ' Then, I pray you, deign to give'me my. passport, duly vised, fort my. return (to:Eartli.' ' ' ? ' This request His Highness at once complied with, and wo- parted as qooliy ds tlie oli'mato -wonld permit. ?So ^after allili spent any Christmas day, in a particular; Hell of ray own making, pitying .poor Satan! Jor...tbo, company he has to keep. '' ; ? 