ISIEWS IN BRIEF, I .-C; V V- l ' ' -- ' Victorian, > Tkur Tallarook railway statien burued flown. 'More men sent to work at the Moe Swamp. " . . Wheat continues to pour freely lpto A constable nearly beaten to death at Collingwood. , " ; Wife beating somewhat on the increase In Melbourne. A new trial applied for in the Speight indByme case ? Prospecting for gold is going on in the Otway district. Bush-fires burning ar$bttd about fMirboo, Gippsland. \ There are now sighs of progress on the Jeparit railway line. ; Surveyors marking out the beet-root factory site at Maffra. _ - v . . -Important discovery of alluvial wash in the Kilmore district. . Head teachers on deputation to the Minister of Education. Fines for sly grog selling in the Ruther- glen Police Court L125. An oldman forgets his name, and is locked up as a vagrant. Mercantile Bank prosecution fairly launched in the Supreme Courts John Acherry, storekeeper at Campbell's Creek since 1853, died on Saturday. "M"r Young, of Drouin, gets L70 for 17,000 strawberry plants to an acre. \- The codlhi moth is troublesome in the orchards in the Castlemaine district. A boy of nine at Apollo Bay shoots a ; tiger snake in his mother's bedroom. Payment of municipal rates being in- : sisted upon in most parts of the colony. Typhoid on the increase at Bendigo. Twenty-one cases in the present month. \- William Love, aged 18, jumps into the Yarra. Had quarrelled with his brother. Several complaints re the treatment of 'milk in the North- eastern butter factories. Councils as Boards of . Advice hailed with delight by the Minister of Educa tion. Objections toevidence in the Mercan tile Bank cases raised at a very early stage. : A number of people are said to be leaving Rutherglen for Western Aus tralia. The Bendigo Gas Company declares a dividend at the rate Of 7 per cent, per annum.' A big list—the sick pay of the depart ments, the annual amount being L26, 625 18s fid. ' . Suburban robberies on the increase again. Police busy after babies and truants. . The second shipment of frozen poultry tfSJl be sent by the R.M.S. Cuzco on the 3rd prox. Henry Jarvis, farmer, Nathalia, ar rested on a charge of robbery of turkeys and goods. Edward Pureell arrested at Ballarat on a charge of uttering. Remanded to Melbourne. Wheat coming in rapidly at Echuca. Price, 2s Id a bushel. Flour is quoted at L6 10s per ton, . Mr Thomson, M.L.A., says a farmer's existence is now simply white slavery. Alas, too true. If necessary the Camperdo wn rabbit factory can dispose of 15,000 pairs of rabbits a week. - ' Question of the day— How to keep the farmer on the land ? Ditto, how to keep the rabbit off it ? The farmers in the Kyabram district are holding back their wheat. Local quotation, Is lid. The Miners' Association, Bendigo, are not going to send any official witnesses to the Tariff Boards One hundred and fifty thousand Odd fellows have died since the organisation of the Order in 1830. John Charles jent sentenced to three years imprisonment, for his share in the WilUamstown burglary. A new kind of fish to be caught in the Yarra between Victoria street bridge and the Hawthorn tea gardens. Temporary Railway Commissioners to be 'appointed in a fortnight's time. Selected fromthe department. Mr Baker hopes that teachers will help him to retrench, or Parliament might do worse than he had done for them. Mr Robert Stewart, of Bolinda, has purchased Hardman's farm, adjoining his own, near Sunbury, at L14 per acre. Joseph Neill, badly burned at the Yarraville Sugar Works, in a precarious condition in the Melbourne Hospital. Complaint made by a Fitzroy hotel- keeper against Constable Gutherie. Superintendent Sadleir will investigate. Dr. Eccles, of Newstead, has been granted a certificate of insolvency, dis pensing with the payment of 7s in the Mr Walsh, Q.C., only occupied three hours in his opening address to the jury for the Crown in the Mercantile Bank case. Country Fire Brigades' Board contem plate preparing a comprehensive report dealing' with charges tJf mismanage ment. According to Mr Service the Govern ment -.haven's thought their financial policy out. It's the case with a lot of people. The Colonial Ammunition Congfeny has secured a contract for the sole supply ofMartini-Henry rifle ammunition in New Zealand. Free libraries and country museums in Victoria vrishmg to the grant mustwrifce t6 theUnder-Seorefcary by the mfcfc. /" > An old woman died ilttddey at ford. ; Her husbanfljtieens beside the corpse for two days. w Susjpkapus ; sur- ronnding. . William Harvey, 30 years, a coal carter, died very suddenly at the Fitzrov gas works. Supposed to have resulted from heart disease The Treasurer does not see any need for calling Parliament together. The Government is quite able to deal with the situation, says he.. Treasurer Carter believes the. Savings Bank Commissioners would get the cream of the securities of the country for their money at .5 per cent. Melbourne University wants the Train ing College for a Schobl of Engineering. The request to be put in writing and re ferred to the Cabinet. A new vocation has been created by the long drawn out depression,, namely, " morgueing " — i.e., looking for billets at the "crowner's quest." " We should not be likely to let Im perial officers, leave just when their ser vices were most urgently required," says Mr S. W. Cooke, M.L.C. Joseph Johnson, late sectretary to the Melbourne Permanent Building Society, pleads guilty to charges of fraud. Re- manded for sentence. Mr J. J. T. Smith to make an appeal for mercy in due time. The Minister ; of Railways is receiving a great number of replies to His circular asking employes of the department to ex press their views on its management. Ernest Knox sentenced to death for burglary and fatally wounding the late Mr Crawcour; junior. Prisoner showed no emotion ; appeared dazed and stolid. George Grey, trustee in the insolvent estate of J. N. Birkley, removed by order of Judge Molesworth, for failing to keep an estate book in accordance with the law. Mr H, S. Barrett is required by Mr Justice Williams to answer statements contained in an affidavit made by two persons for whom he acted profession ally. James.Orotty, insolvent, gets a certifi cate -and ' dispensation" iironi Judge Molesworth. Was lecUiuto land specula tions by the notorious Larkin, and failed for L4952. . Railway officials say that very few people are now caught without tickets, owing to the knowledge that raids are so frequently and unexpectedly made by guards and porters. - .There is a Chinese, a vegetable hawker, in Warracknabeal, who has a novel way of carrying his small change. Housewives are much surprised to see him place spare sixpences in his ears and bring forth changa ficbm cavities. So sas4h«ldcaF, Herald. , Interesting statements from one or the jurors in the Williamstownatal shooting case. Some of the jury surprised at the nt tbe light sentence passed on Jeut. It certainly was not a severe one. The Premier's trip -to Omep cost the country L500 ! The bills now in the Treasury. Would keep .10 families for a year. Retrenchment unnecessary. Ridicuv lous. Plenty of money to spend. The Borough Council of Maryborough have decided to float a loan for the pur pose of erecting anew pavilion in Prince s Park, where the agricultural show and Highland gathering, etc., are held, Thomas Macqueen, a very old resident of Chewton, near Castlemaine, acci dentally .killed at the Flinders street Railway station. The body identified by the Premier at the Melbourne Hospital. Detective-Sergeant Sainsbury, trans ferred from Benalla, is now doing duty in Melbourne. He, along with Detectives D. G. O'Donnell and C. Wardley, has the western portion of the city to look after. An engine fitter, who has been in capacitated by an injury to the eye from following his occupation, is suing the Victorian Railways Mutual Benefit Society for arrears of sick pay, in the Supreme Court. 