The Cry of the Farmer. The toil of a season, aud they say -we've no reason To grumble at fortune, aij ill-tuck or fate ; True, what does it matter, if we are no fatter, To tliein that can eat but the half on their plate. There's, some mighty blunder, I'm beginnin' to wonder If farmers come under the rulin' of God ; It ain't right and proper that the toilin' clodhopper, Should be cheated of harvest, after tillin' the sod. Hav<l earth and hard heaven, the years they are seven, Since with children and wife I rented this farm; She came from the city, my wife, she was pretty, She has toiled for me since •with the strength of her arm. Twelve years of true wedlock, and luck at a deadlock, Till here this hot even, I look on the land, See the oats all a-dyin'—flags red, and tops dryin', Afore they are ripe, withering up as they stand. See the wheat all red-rusted, the vile varmin clustered On blade, ear, and stem, on the whole of the crop; The dread caterpiller, no corn for the miller, Three months of hard drought, and rain— never a drop. Ah, cruel as my fate is, heat withers the taters, No wonder they shrivel, no damp in the ground j The soil «lry au<l crackiu', no wonder they j blacken, Ah, yes ! earth and heaven together have : frowned. Poor -wife, there up yonder, ever faithful and fonder, 'Twas a bad day for you, when with love and with trust You'married Jiin Mallow, and promised to fallow A fanner's (mis) fortunes of drought, rot, and rust. Ay, there's good stuff in wiuunin, but it sets my eyes swimmin' (Or the heat may be dimmin') to look at her face; Brown and rugged with toilin', hands roughened with inoilin', Grown okl ere her time, with the wear of the place. And the youngsters hard workers, not one of them shirkers, Ha\e to graft in the paddock when out of the school; How we've all worked this season, aye, the farmer has reason To call fate a rogue, or to call himself fool. Yes, a fool for Ids labor, to be a good neighbour, To all the world honest, to every man just, For what heaven awards him, what the hard earth accords him, Is blight, drought, and failure, is rot, ruin and rust. Yes, to-day I feel bitter, what mood could be fitter For a man cursed of heaven, and cheated by earth; If sin lias its wages, I marvel the sages Ne'er found that the wages of sweat is not mirtli. To-day came the crowning of fortune's cruel frowning, The last drop of water has dwindled to mud; What odds, without water the fight is but shorter, The end were the same, without hope of a flood. Grass-roots for the cattle ; you can hear their bones rattle, And the sheep totter down to the brink of the dam ; If mud can sustain tlieni; if dust will maintain them, Why then we'll have mutton for Christ mas, and lamb. Last week, like red demons, we fought in the gleamin's Of two raging bushfires, to subdue them or check ; The wife's face was blistered ; and 'ere I j desisted The hot flames had licked me; on arm and on neck. In a wind hot and tcarin', we fought there despairin' Till Fate in a frolic turned the flame from the spot, Left the crops still a-standin', nigh scared in the brandin' ' Left cattle, and horses, and sheep—but for what ? It won't pay for reaping, the crop with all keeping From vermin that man could devise or perform, And the beasts water-wanting, already are panting ; Not a cloud that looks like the far hope of a storm. I had all the fields in last year, but the yieldin' Was scarce worth the ploughin'—was not worth the seed, But the rent must be netted; that's how a man's fettered. How no man is bettered ; how no man is freed. The wheat of two sowin's ; the whole lot is gain, Although there's do knowing how our food 'ill be bought; The rent most be ready, that must flow on steady, Though nothing flows in, that must never lie short. Itisdwe iwmv, a "fifty," and though I've been thrifty In wamtiai* a rise in the value of grain, I must sell at a figure, be it little or bigger Than prices have been, or will be again. The market is lower, and the biddin's come slower (Tisii't now that the sower reaps profit for toil) Than long has been quoted—we'll never be bloated, We that make mother earth yield fruit from the.soil. The storekeeper's waited ; he ne'r hesitated Though a poor man lvmself, and wantin' his cash, But the landlord with plenty, will exhort the whole rent be Is owed, though the tenant went twenty times smash. Drought, fire, and disaster, the tenant may master (And these come slower or faster, to the toiler that tills). He may beat them and flourish, or be beaten and perish, The landlord cares not for his troubles and ills. The toil of the seasons, and they say we've no reason To grumble at fortune, at ill-luck, or fate, For wrhat does it matter, if we get no fatter To them as can eat but the half on their plate 2 Were the summer sun calmer, the winter wind warmer The toll of the farmers were hard enough then, But with wind, and with weather, and hard landlords together They need hearts of heroes, with the sinews of men. M. E. F. To Pickle Red Cabbage.—Choose a medium-sized, fresh red cabbage; tear off the coarser outer leaves ; quarter it, remove the stalk, cut the cabbage into slices of about the third of an inch in thickness, place it in a bowl, strew amongst it two good handfuls of salt; let the wliole stand for twenty-four hours, stirring it once or twice ; drain it as dry as possible, place it loosely in wide-mouthed jars, and fill up with strong, raw vinegar, adding pepper corns, capsicums, pieces of ginger, or what other spice you may fancy. This in a day or two will be of a splendid crimson colour, and eat deliciously crisp. Those cooks who prefer to boil their vinegar and spices in an iron pot, and forthwith pour the pickle boiling hot upon the cabbage, may reason ably expect soon to find the latter limp, ill flavoured, and of a dismal purplish blue. Honey should be kept in the dark, or it will granulate. The bees, knowing this, always work in dark hives. 