PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY". (By Telegraph). PERTH, Sept. 11. (From our own Correspondent.) In the Assembly, yesterday, it was decided, on a motion by Mr. PIESSE, that owing to the frequency of bush-fires in the country districts and for the better prevention thereof, it is desirable that information should be publicly given by placard or otherwise, as to the provisions and penalties set forth in the Bush Fires Act 1885. Mr. JAMES resumed the debate on Mr. Leake's motion, for the restriction of the sale of freeholds on Goldfields' townships. He supported the proposal. Mr. RICHARDSON opposed it. THE PREMIER said he should have liked to have heard some instances given of system being worked elsewhere, but did not think it could be done, because it was one of the instincts of the race to get a piece of land on which to build a house. He believed it would stifle enterprise if a man could not buy freeholds. Mr. A. FOKRKST was sorry to think the time of the House was being wanted on the subject that could not bring any practical good to the country. He did not see why the Crown should have the unearned increment, as certainly it was men with capital and daring who dosorved it. He believed if a poll were taken among the miners and others ninety per cent would vote against the motion. Mr. MARMION said there was a ieeling in the breasts of all who invested in land that they were obtaining for themselves and families a small spot in the world which they might call their home. It was the absence of that opportunity of becoming owners of land that had driven thousands of Irishmen from their own country to build up nations elsewhere. Mr. LEAKE said his motion was simply in favour of the restriction of granting of freeholds in the vicinity of Goldfields' towns, and did not raise the question of land nationalisation. He had listened to the remarks of the Premier and the Member for West Kimberley, as well its those of that immortal genius the Com missioner of Lands, (Laughter) but had In the Assembly' yesterday, the Loan Bill was considered in Committee. With regard to the item " Collie Coalfield", the PREMIER said, the Government did not propose to introduce this session, a special Act for the construction of that work, so that nothing would be done in regard to this railway until they met again, except the making of a survey, necessary to give information with regard to the rowte which would give menibers another opportunity of discussing the advisability of constructing the line. The Government wuuld introduce this session, Special Acts to authorise the construction of the two Goldfields' and the Bridgetown railways. With regard to the latter, although the Government intended to take authority for its con- very little reply to. The Premier indulged his prophetic instinct, and with f that he would carry many with them, but he asked Members not to be led away by s that, but be guided by their own reason T and common sense, if they had any h (Laughter.) t p Mr. RANDELL thought a sound principle t was underlying the motion, and thought " the Government were too hasty in gettin p rid of freeholds on Goldfields' and also in b Perth. In a House which included many n land owners, and many who had spocu lated in land, it could not be expected the motion would be carried, but he had considerable sympathy with it. i The House then divided. Ayes :—Messrs. Harper, James, Keep, Leake, Randell, Simpson, H. Sholl and R. Sholl. Noes :—Sir John Forrest, Messrs Burt, Marmion, Venn, A. Forrest, Has sell, Illingwortli, Lefroy, Moran, Pater son, Pearse, Piesse, Richardson, Solomon Traylen and Wood. Mr. ILLINGWORTH resumed the debate on the Agricultural Bank Bill. He op posed the Bill, pointing out that a margin of one per cent, was quite insufficient to meet expenses of management. He contended also that in a majority of cases the Government have no real security. Mr. RICHARDSON supported the Bill, and the debate adjourned. The Registration Bill passed through Committee. PERTH, Sept. 13. struction, they intended it should come third on the list, so that it should interfere in no way with the construction of the other two railways. Mr. RANDELL asked the PREMIER to give the route of the Murchison railway. The "PREKIKR said the exact route would be the subject of a Special Act. He believed the route adopted by the Government, would be from Mullewa to Yalgoo, nearly 80 miles, about 80 miles more to Mount Magnet, from Magnet to The Island, 30 odd miles, from thence to the Mainland and Day Dawn to Cue. That would embrace all the gold centres, and be about 215 miles in length. He was aware many advocated a route more north, a very good route from a Pastor alist's view, but would avoid altogether the gold centres. Mr. SHOLL said the Government should endeavour to accommodate as many industries as possible. Mr. ILLINGWORTH approved of the route suggested by the Premier. Mr. SIMPSON said it was urgently important that the line should be constructed as quickly as possible, consistent with public safety. Mr. LEAKE regretted to say he did not think there was any use opposing the item, and advocated a pioneer line. Mr. LEFROY believed the line would be of greater use than the Coolgardie line, owing to its value to the Pastoralists'. The item was passed without division. 