COMTEK. JUNEE . JOili.lNV.o.. (l-'ROM OUR, COlUlESrOND: NT ) Onoe more i take up my pen to chromole the doings of this town and its surrounding district. Since my last (which must oe a couplp of years ago), there have not been many great changes — a few familiar faces are missed, some ca led to their last homes, others have transferred their affectious to more congenial climes. The dark uloud of depression has cast its shadow over Junee, and we are anxiously waiting to get a glimpse of the 'silver lining,' but I fear the c ou.i is destined to grow larger and d.irker. The wheat [ crops on which the majority of the inhabitants l.ave to depend for the necessaries of life will be a partial failure. This combined with the low prices ruling will well nigh crush, out the farming population. The failure of the crops is attributable to the sudden drought following immediately on the almost con stant rains experienced during winter and the early months of spring. This sudden drought 'pinched' the partially-developed grain. Rust in a number of places has also made its appearance. The low prices must continue, despite all the assurances of the Government that the sixpence duty will be retained on wheat— the wheat buyers will take advantage of the uncertainty that is prevai ing. What a glorious time of it will the small land holders have under a land tax. That plague of summer — the bush-fire, has not troubled us yet to any great extent, .but unless great : precautions are taken the whole district will be laid waste, owing to the immense accumulation of dry grass and rubbish. It is surprising how little trouble the average farmer takes to protect his homestead and crops from fire. They will not even take the simple precaution of chopping . the grass grown around their houses and outbuildings, and are quite content to go on stripping and leave their wheat unprotected Jin the paddocke. It would be well for a few of them to. recall the proverb that ' Caution is the parent of safety.' That most useful institution a School of Arts has been established, and is fairly patronized. A goodly stock of useful works have been laid in, and our youth might spend an hour or two in the library with a good book more profitably to themselves than lounging about the hotels and 6treet corners. The Junee Borough Council has adopted the ' minimum' wage, and I think they may claim the honour of being the first body to adopt it in this colony. Our respected pastor, Father Buckley, is still in: our midst, and may he belong spared to minister to the spiritual wants of his flock. 