PITH AND POINT. Tho Tallorook railway station bnrncd dowu. Morn mutt aunt iu work at tbo Moo Swamp. Tlio R.M.S. Oroya loft Naples on 17tb Fobruury. An oxtonsivo bush firo raging in tho Grnuinians. Tlutrn is a block of grain at tbo Bullarat railway station. Bush-fires burning around about Mirboo, Gifipslntid. Tho U. M.S. Orotaya arrived at Suoz on tho 10th February. The I Vidian budget shows a deficiency of about L3, 500,000, Another firo at tlio Exhibttton.Ghicago. Bupposui) iiicuntliariaiu, Largo Catherine of secret societies at Irish Invfcciblo funorul. Tho United -Staten authorities carefully watching for anarchists. Au all round ndvunco in Colonial . stocks in London ycutorday, A quantity of interesting Russinn Sfato pitpora now in thn Public Library, Captain Elliott, A.D.O. to Lord Gloa- gow, ib a passenger by tho Opfiir, The consignment of inillc to Lundon front Sydney por Orntuz a fnilttru. ll.M.H. llooineritng arrived at Lnnnces- ton yestorday for Thursday's regatta. Mr R. S. Smythe, tho much travelled, is at Adelaide, on routo for Molbourne, Gnorgo flonRlmll drowned iu a boat accident on thu lltton lliver, Taamania. Huvural comnlainLs ro tbo.troatmcnt of milk in tho' North-eastern butlor factorius. Over a thousand men and wnmon roceivcd rtliof food in Adclaido yoster- duy. ' A mother nnd flvo ohildren dio of diphtheria at Petersburg, South Aus tralia. Tho Auckland Hospital Ronrd wnnt tho Prass to givo less publicity to caoes of Buicide. The party of fisliermon afloat on an ico floo in tho Gulf of Finland liavo been rcscuod. Tho Shaw, Savill nnd Albiou Com- IHiity's Doric loft Capo Town outwards 17th itist. Two ttnomployed leaders at Adelaide fined for processioning. Go to prison for throe months. South Dmbnna Gas and LightOompany declare n dividend at fi per cent for last half of 1803. Tho Social dopulicfl hi Franco want tho Slate to tako control of tho import unci export of wheat. Two recent shocks of oarthqunkc' iu Nuw Caledonia. Several houser'' in Noumoi toppled ovor. A mooting in Trafalgar " Snuaro re solves thut tho attitude of the llouso oi fjords is u stigiuu upon tho liberty of tho maisos. Fiftoon men and boys flnod iu small atnottnla for rlotiog ut 'Wallsond, New South Wales. Australian mails by 31. M.S. Arcadia, Melbourne, 0th Jnmiuvy, delivered in Loudon on Sunday. Tim strike at the South Rulli colliery practically settled by tho intervention of a citizrns' enmmittuu. An old woman died suddenly ut Broad- ford ' ' Ifor hlisband'slovps bosido tho corpse for two days. - 