ST. ANDREW'S CATHE- DRAL. A Bpecial service was field at St, An drew's Cathedral in ihe' afternoon, at which there wae a large congregation pre sent, Canon Taylpr, of Newtown, preached . the sermon, while Canon Rich and Canon Kemmia read the . lessons, Archdeacon Langloy also assisting. Taking ' his text from the' 107 th Psalm, the 34th verse, .v>ae turnem a- iruitim ianu< into barrenness for tho.wickedness of them, that dwell therein," iCanon Taylor eaid that history had proved that national punishment was tor national transgression, and oould only ho removed by national re-; pentanco. Of late the country had greatly changed. A cpirit of. unrest eeemod to have possessed our people, and disasters had largely affected the-; country!'- There was the alienation of tho rich froin the poor, and. of. the poor from.th'e rich. < These things bad found expression in many ways, and. tbey all pointed .'to the impoverishment of the country. They had -helped muoh to bring about financial crises and' commercial distress. . In addition to' these troubles there had been difficulties in the way of nature. There bad been the multiplication of peets in the garden. and in, the fielcl;- un extended droughtand unprecedented bushfires, leading to terrible losses. All these things had filiec. the minda of Goals faithful people with grave, anxious and disquieting fear. But bad there been nocauae for these calamities? God'e word told us that thay were chastise ments to bring us. to Himself. , They had been brought about' by our! sins. We had Binned against the .fatherhood of God aiid the brotherhood of man. ' There was due to God loving obedience of His will. What response. did we make? Wore we not aaa nation disregarding the Sabbath ? Were there not ' a growing neglect of public worship, nn increase of indifforence to human life, a' disregard of deiegatod authority, whether parental or magisterial? Then there were our offences aguinet tho brotherhood of man. We wore members of one another ; and there was given' to us the mutual care of each other. It was admitted on all hands that distress was great amongst ue, yet how few of us denied ourselves in luxury or amusement to administer to the necessities of the poor, still '.'here were some who actually gave want and distress as the reasons for tho holding of concerts, balls and dances, whereby their own pleasures were administered to. Time would tail to tell of tho many ways in which man sinned against his iellowman, and then sinned against God. Bat God had visited us. We were compelled torecogniso HIb hand. The colony wns-auff'ering from a series of calamities by reason of the pro tracted drought. They had beon called upon by authority to observe that day as one of humiliation and prayer to God that they might obtain throngh Hie Divine mercy a mitigation or removal of the evil. Tho preacher gave instances of God's auswors to prayers in this oolouy under similar condi tions, and urged that they ought to be en couraged to aot upon the word of tns Lord, and to humble themselves undor His mighty band that ,Ha might exalt thorn in due time. ' , , 