St. Marys XTevs. OUR BEPOBTBB.) A FIZZLE. 3 LM, ...MA The entertainment announced to come off here on Wednesday last in aid of St. Nicholas' Church was, by some means muddled, the ball not having been secured. DRUIDS' SOOIAL. The above intend holding their annual social and installation of officers on the 2nd October nest in the Protestant Hall. We only bope that this one will be as good as the last, which was tiptop. BUSINESS CHANGE. . jir. W. A. Moseley, our popular Host of the Volunteer Hotel, has just sold out to Mr. Percy Hallett, late of the Railway Department, and the transfer was com- pleted on Friday. We wish the new proprietor-whom we have" known personally for some years, and who is a genuine white man-every success in his new' venture. We also wish Mr. and Mrs. Moseley every success. WATER SUPPLY. A publio meeting is announced ts be held in the Protestant Hall to-night, at eight o'olook. The purport of the meeting is to appoint a deputation to wait upon the Minister for Works, and present the petiti on, which has bean so largely signed by the residents, asking the Government to complete the water soheme started by the Mnlgoa Irrigation Company. All residents are specially invited to attend. FELLOWSHIP UNION. The usnal weekly meeting of the above was held last Monday night at 7.80 o'clock, Bev. A. Smith being in the Chair. The subject for the evening was " The Parable of the Prodigal Son," upon whioh Mr. Smith delivered a short discourse, the discasBion which followed being led by MiBB Macfarlane and Miss Guild. Next Monday night, Mrs. Kelly will read a paper, the subject being, " Abraham Sinning." RUNAWAY. On Wednesday last Mr. Cotgrave, of Quany Hill, left his horse standing in a buggy whilst he went in to Mr. G. E. Johnson's to do some business'. Something startled the horse and it made off, but had not gone many yards before the vehicle struck a post, with the result that the animal went clean through the harness and cleared up the street towards Oott's Hotel, where it was stopped.. Some of the straps only me broken, but the buggy was uninjured. PRAYERS FOR RAIN. A special service was held in the Mount Druitt Wesleyan Church on Tuesday after noon, conducted by the Revs. W. H. Williams and A. Smith. Prayers for rain were offered up. There was a large attend ance, people coming from all parts of the Distriot to take part in prayer for this long felt and much- needed want. At night services were held in the Pres byterian Ohuroh, St. Marys, conducted by the same pastors. WEATHER. Doll and smoky. Last week it was nothing but dust, covering everything, but now it is smoke, smoke. Everywhere you look you see smoke ; early in the mornings one cannot see distinctly fifty yards ahead. Fires are raging all around; all the back of St. Marys, and even at the front, is afire. Some say that from Mount Druitt to Pros peot Reservoir it is like one sheet of flame. Mr. Lahey, who was at one time living here, bat now residing at Minchinbury, suffered a heavy loss by having his house burnt to the ground. A house ocoupied by a Mr. Byrnes, of the same place, was also burnt to the ground. We do not know whether these places were insured, but, for the sake of the owners, we hope so. THE HUNT. On Thursday last, a few members of the Sydney Hunt Olub, at the invitation of Mr. De Salis, from Fleurs, came up to hunt across country, but it was a decided failure. When starting just behind the town a pretty-stiff fenoe had to be negotiated. |Mr. James Hall and Hanslow (the huntsman) cleared it in splendid style, but most of the others couldn't manage it. Two of them, however, the Whipper-in and another gentleman, after half-an-hour's trial, at length succeeded in getting over. The others, some two or three in number, pulled flown thp fence and thus got 'through, not pyer as they, in true sportsmanlike style, Bnould have done. We hope to see a better hunt on a future occasion, because if no interest is taken in hunting than was evinced at this one, we think people had best turn their hunters out to grass. GOOD TEMPLARS. The usual weekly meeting of the Hope of marys' No" 22S' L0-G T., was held in the Temperance Hall, on Tuesday evening last, Bro. L. Henry, Chief Templar, in the chair. The usual business ..was carried through. A public lecture was arranged to be held on the 24th September, and also fr ,,s'ness-. Then came the social part of the meeting. A surprise night wag nxed for the evening, and great fun was caused by the artioles some of the members drew. One who, evidently very shortly means matrimony, got a baby's feeding oottle. One lady, after unfolding abont i twenty pieces of paper, came upon a packet of oigarettes. She was thereupon invited to flnow the gentlemen present that ladies a *a " New Woman "-could smoke ciga rettess as well as men, but the young lady in question respectfully declined. A very enjoyable evening was spent with games, era. Elocution is arranged for next meet ing, when some of the younger Brothers nope m exercising their lungs to surprise Borne of the older and more experienced speakers. They inlend paying Penrith fioage an official visit next Friday. 