THE WORRim OF THE TELEGRAPH. DEPUTATION TO THffl MtNtSTÄS» A. d petition tvpres ntlug the Stook Ex oh inge of Perth, alea a number of otatr merch-nts an1 stockbrokers, and rtj»-es ll a tires of iasaranee i>nd financial O.mpanieB» waited upon Mr. S. H. Wittenoom, Minister for Education, 01 Monday, to make representa tous to the Government concerning the de- fective working of tie telegraph sjst m Mr. G. BANDSLL, M.L.A., who itt Oiuoed . the deputation, said they hal oome to make kno vn the difficulties on1er which they bad been labouring for eome time, on aooonnt of toe failure, to a considerable extent, of Ins telegr-pa eye tem. Ho was Hot ia a position to go tuto the fact«, as fae ha 3 n A fo'lowed it very dose'y. He realised it was a very important muter lo those engaged in gold mining and in oommeroo gen »ra'ly th»t they shou'd have facilities for conducting business. Alth .ugh, aa he hut said, he had notf oUo/rei ic very clo-eîy. he bà 1 badonee&p;êrienoa of his own how th* i no worked. A, telegram that should have reached him Wollya earlier was delayed .for tbàt tims. Had it arrived at tho proper time it would have saved him oonsidt r ahle anooyanoe. He sympathissd very much with the persons who were put toinoOnvèni» euee and loss through the failure ot tiie syï» t m, which fae thought mast be td a lar§a extent an admitted tad. He nod seen the apology thet Ead bèau given in the palara. To some extent itsbowed it was not altogether the fault of the system, and perhaps the diffl ou'ties had been over rated, bat sti 1 the fact remained that both here and on the 8¿n'h ' Aus' relian side t legraon were delayed. He boped the Government would do their best to remedy these defeats as early SB possible. Mr. G. T. SIMPSON, M.L.A., sa:d he was sure the Mi ister wou!d re»li*e that the depu- tation did not appear there tn any way to harass bim. he having so IVe'y oeoapi d the present position. Tue troub.es connected with tUe tel gnph system appeared to bave aooumu'ated very rapidly of Ute. He bad seen the so «ailed apologie?, aid was afraid that they were not very satisf act ory. He hid bad a good deal to do with the wires durit g the last few weeks, and Western Aas'r-tlia seemed to bave a monopoly of the climatic conditions that prevented the wires fr>m working. He did not know whether it waa the fault of the wires or th » *t*ff, but it was a fact known among mining men that the way it was working was disgraoaful. He 0 mid give inataoofS by the toora. Witl-io the last month 70 par. con*, of the telegrams he had received hal bern marked "Delayed by in- terruption* on the wire*/' ani that wis tba experience of all basinets m»n. Mr. E. T. HOOLET, M.LJL, wai sore the Minister must bo quit 1 alive to the imp rtanoe of the subj ot hid b t ri h'm. En ty mau ia business in the city muet h*ve felt in« eonvenienoe from the non-working of the telegraph system ia various directions throughout the past month or so, and be was quite eure the Minuter would do hiB beBt to remedy it. It must be admktod in extenúa, tion that there was a very large inorease ia the tramo, and th«y could aoarce'y expeot the Government to be prepared in advance for the amount of business to be done no w. Thia colony was differently situated from the other ooloniea. U> had large trac's of oouitry over which the Une extended, almost waterless, and th YO was a difficulty ia getting men to travel over ihe line and repair it. Then, other Barts where the line ran Tero heavily timbered, and buch fires ooeurrod. He thought she main object of the deputation was to ask him, as Munster, to do what he oould to remedy these evils and to induce the i Government to take steps to provide for the enormous incroase in the business. With what was past and gone they had nothing to do. What they had to ask him was to endeavour to remedy these defeots in the futura, and they left it to the Government to ooasidw what were the best mesas of doing so. Mr. E. .H. BARRETT, speaking as a stock- broker, said a large number of telegrams passed between him and his oliente in the colonies, and the delay had caused a good deal of injury to those who had entrusted him with their buenos*. In the majority of cases, when an urgent message-i.e, a massage at urgent rates-was sent to Adelaide, a reply was reoeived the same day, bnt when an urgent message was not sent, th« wire was not eent, somttimes, for three days, and they did not get an answer for a week. Mr. Barrett referred also to a narrow esoape be had from missing tho advantago of a sum of money cabled from London, owing to the delay in the mess<-g4P. The line to Cool- gardie was working badly, he believed it was [ not working that morning, and this occasioned a good deat of inconvenience both bera and in South Australis. W.ti regari to the means to be taken to remedy the defeots, sending a lint from Coolgardie to Eucla aught be one way to gat over them. Such a Urge business was being done in Coolgardie, that a direst line between those two points would get over a lot of the business. Mr. J. C. HILLS agreed very muon with Mr. Barrett, erpeoially as to the delay and trouble in getting money from Home. His firm bad msny business transactions with London, and in several CSBSS tho lines had been interrupted and oooaBioned great inoon- venienoe. These interruptions were becoming a serions menace to the business of the colony. He supposed Mr. Wittenoom had noticed a letter ia the papers from one of the leading stockbrokers pointing out that an urgent message would take precedence of a message which might have laid lB.office :for two or three days. wWoh aro noi rifht It hail frequently happened lately that owing to the lines bei: interrupted, the business, instead ot oomii to Perth, where the «took was held, was tra seated from London, con eqaently busise bad b en lost, and possibly s me va'ntb clients as well. Mr. J. 8. BEAD said th« prino'p il cause . complaint at the present time wai the fa that altogether undue priority was being give to urgent messages. He had in his hand tv replies to unssagas despatched from here i Adelaide on the 7ch, both of which we: " urgent," and replies came baok in two < three hours. On the other hand, an ordinnj message handed ia at Adelaide on the 7i only reaohed him on the morning of the 10t The Berrico oonld not bare baen eo bad «he the urgent message came through all righ and he would eoggest tbat in tbs futm priority should apply only to the day on whic the message was handed in. For instance, message handed in that day should not reoeii priority of a massage handed in the day befori In regard to the line, he suggests its removal eome miles inland, as he believe it was at the present time subject to ever storm as well as bushfires ; also that th . -"'"m be adopted throughout th duple* . -""ogs increased, e colony) Aile tn At AS BU»»... - *»,, ]±N ' it would increase, the duplif attoa et M», should be undertaker, as soon As fOBiibk He also suggested that instead of writing tl England for material, cables should Be sett is future* Mr. D: UKUS&T; confirmed what IBs lw< precious speakrfs had said ss Éo the fr*' . quenoy of the three days delay of messages On ooeocba>xonit resulted in very great LOBB, a oabîégram from London being delayed it transmission to Coolgardie, and hid if reaohed h'm in the ordinary course, "Lord Fingall would not have bien the purchaser of thc Londonderry, which was a very serious loni \- the syndicate' hs (Mr. Lindsay)"was aoticg for. There could bs no question as to thc immense telegraph trafilo with the goldfields and there would be the neoasBity for con. tinning the line to Kurnalpi; and from there it ebould go direct te Enols. - The liné from Euolá to Adeude did not follow thc coast so closely, and int rruptions were, therefore, not so fr qu nt. Iren posts were sled used, which we're more darable. Mr. O. L. HAINBS suggested several ttiogs that bethought might improve the scrvrêé, The first was that the tape be used in receiv- ing messsgeB. At present only the sounding board was used, and a great many errors occurred in transcribing the words to the paper. A oode word would be used, and the operators would think they recognised it and would write it down, and it would be found to be wrong, whereas had ih*y need the tape they ednld have s On there was a ? tremor on tile line, add oonld get the word repeated. While it was not praótioabís at the present tiinVtó erect iron poB'she suggested a permanent staff being employed to travel up and down the line and keep it o'ear of all undergrowth, wi ich would thus be avoided by the buBnurcs from which tiley Buffered So much. In South AmtraHa a permanent staff was engaged in this work; and .also in falling tree« whioh appeared likely In tall on the line. The company he represented- (BenterV) euf 1 fe red very much from these dolaya. He also suggested the duplication of the Broome route for the servi oe of the cablrs, and if the cables took prsoedenoe of other business it ' would very much improve 'the eervioe with regard to London business. Mr. J. S. SCAD mentioned that a deputa- tion Waited upon the Minletor of Eduoation ia Adelaide, on Friday week, and there the statement was made that the delay was entirely os she Western Australian side. Mr. C. F. EVBSTON confirmed out of his own experience the statements. made by . previous speakers as to the lengthy delays in getting messages. Mr. WITTENOOM said he waa very glad to see BO large and influential a gathering, and he had every sympathy with the object for ? whieh they had eome. He waa sorry indeed there bad been any real cause for this depu- tation, bnt unfortunately there did exist a very strong ground of complaint, and he was sorry it ehould be BO. He bad every sympa- thy with business men ef the city and colony in the way the telegraph system bad been working so badly lately, bot it was accounted for in two ways. Firet, the demand for the telegrams had overtaken the accommodation. It had not been anticipated that the lines . put np would have the work they had at present. AB had been .pointed out, the revenue had increased a hundred per cent, whioh was quite sufficient to show the work had doubled itself, and the Government bad not yet been able to take any stepB to meet it. Direotly there was a break-down, as there had been only too o'tan, the work accumulated BO rapidly that it was almost impossible to overtake it That was one cause of the delay, and one that wou'd take eome time to alter, but the matter had the attention of tile Government. Then, there were unavoidable accidento. The line was subject to climatic influences, whioh occasioned a good deal cf leakage, and there were also the bush-fires, such as the one that took place the other day. Even that morning (yesterday) he had re- ceived intimation that the north line beyond Newcastle was interrupted owing to a bush- fire, and when he came down from Geraldton last week a fire was burning near the line. Then, again, in the southern parts of the colony, the trees grew to a great height, and to cut these down all a!ong the line to pre \- vent them from falling on it would involve heavy expense. He assured them "that the ~ Telegraph Department waB anxious to keep the line e'ear-(hear, hear)-but ' these aooidents were quite beyond their control. There were two reasons whioh might have- eaaaped the deputation, and whioh «ade ¡the work pile up, namely, the Government work and the presa work. Th Government work in itself was very large and monopolis d a lot of the time. The: there was tbe prrss work. The press hat priority, aid to »k np a lot of time. He shoul endeavor to ont the Government work do vi as mnoh as po<ts'ble, and to see th it nothinf bnt nrgent telegrams were sent tbrongh (Hear, hear.) The press was a pnblio inatitn tion, and if that was ont down tho pnbli< would suffer, bnt representatives of tbe presi and newspaper proprietors ought to see thai Buob frivolous items as tb/y sometime! saw in the papers wera not sent. (Laughter.] He was fully alive to the state of affairs and was extremely grieved about them. As they knew he had only been in office a month and had not had time to do mnoh, but he had given these matters rome consideration and he would read to them a paper he intended ta lay before tbe Cabinet the following day. (Mr. Wittenoom read the paper, in which he invites tbe consideration of bis colleagues to the questions of the erection of a telegraph line from Coolgardie to Eeparanoe Bay, via Dmrdee ; of the enlisting of the co-operation of South Australia, and if neoeBsary the other Australian colonies, in duplicating the line from Esperance Bay to Adelaide, having alternative routes where possible ; and of making further -!«non for the increase of th» telephone f^^t" im..' 1,9 B"3» Wfl>* * very urgent i suppöi* äiu\ in his proposals. Al tse> ? ° 1 aware, bath himself and Mr. Sboll, the Fast' : master-Generalj had been unable to attend the I Postal Osäferenoe this year, but the document ' be held* in Hie band was' a dopy of the very full memorandum which, had been handed to the Premier, who would be present at the Con- ference, and who would u*e every endeavtfuf to induce the South Australian Government to co-op 'rate with na in putting np the' line. They bad hitherto objected to, it on aooount of the expense, but from a telegram reye'ved the other day he thought they were beginning to see it wonld be to their interest. The deputation would understand from that the matter bad not been lost sieht of, but that the Government were keeping it before them'. Thîy perfeotly understood th9 disadvantages oooasioned to business men when anon aooi-' dents oocurr d as had been referí ed to. He could raali-e bow annoying it was, end how it duet result in loss. With regard to the Coolgardie line, it hid been ereoted with wooden poles from the neighbourhood as a temporary* measure. These poleB were being eaten through by white ants, and would have to be replaoed. AU the suggestions that had been brought forward by tbe deputation he had taken down, and they would be acted upon where it was possible. In ooco'uaion, he wnnld like to say fae hoped they would not think these delays were meted out to the public as a sort of punishment. The ?Government would be very pleasnd to give every one satisfaction. Ht should give all Jibe oompla'nts his most careful consideration with a view to remedying them and affording the business pnblto every opportunity of cou duoting tbeir business in as satisfactory a manner as possible. Mr. SANDELL having, on behalf of all present, wirmly thanked the Minister for his very considerate recptios, the deputation withdrew. 