[?] The lists of names on th9 electoral rolls tor Gympie, and the Gympie division of j Wide Bay, against which the Electoral Begis trar has .placed the words '? dead, left, or disqualified', are published in this issue. ?Thore are about 240 names on the Gympie I and about 95 name3 on the Wide Bay list. Electors would do well to go through these lists careiuuy, and if their names are wrongly in cluded take steps to establish their cfttalifica tion. The telegraph line was broken on Thurs day, at what is known as the 84-mile, situated between Cooran and Coorpy, and the line repairer, Mr. W. J. Me 'ulkin, was des patched to make the necessary ' repairs. These had just been finished when a large tree growing on the side where the wires were affixed, fell, having been burnt through by the bush fires now raging in the district. Mr. McOulkin was still up the post, and the lengthsmen who happened to be in the vicinity called out to him to look ud as thf- * tree was falling. The only thing he could j do, however, was to stick to the pole, and this he clung to as tightly as possible. The tree struck the wires a short distance from I this pole, and the impact brought down the wires for about a quarter of a mile on each side, as well as the insulators, brackets, pins, etc. fortunately Mr. McOulkin was able to retain his hold, and as soon as the tree was clear of the wires made his way to the ground, congratulating himself on such a narrow escape from what might have been a serious accident. The broken wires were repaired subsequently, and the line is now clear. The following items are taken from yester day's Courier :— The Governor has booked his passage to England by the New Zealand Shipping Company's steamer Iluapehu, which vessel leaves Wellington for England by Cape Horn for the Straits of Magellan), Monte Video. Eio. and Tp.neriTfa nn tha oatu November. His Excellency leaves Brisbane I on November 11.— The question of appointing I a successor to the late Mr. Justice Harding has, we understand, been considered by the Government, but no decision has yet been ar rived at. It is stated on good authority, how ever, that there is no possibility of the position being accepted by the Attorney-General (Hon. T. J. Byrnes).— The property at present vv^ujjicu Uy xiLiniy .Bros., jewellers, and Baker and Rouse, importers of photographic materials, and having a frontage of 24 feet to Queen-street, has just been sold for £12,000. This is at the rate of £500 per foot, and re presents the best price that has been obtained for property in Queen-street for some tune. The vendors are the Australian Mutual Provident Society. ... It is notified in another column that Messrs. Turley and Fisher MM.L.A. will address a public meeting in the Theatre Eoyal on Monday evening next. The sixth whist match between the Mary borough and Gympie Clubs was played at Maryborough on Thursday night, and pro duced a close and enjoyable contest, which ended in favor of the Gympieites by 1G points, their total score being 123, whilst that of their opponents was 107 points. The win was mainly obtained by. the excellent performance of W Suthers and J. Woodrow, who defeated three of the four pairs that they met, and were only beaten by the fourth by one point, their net gain being 23 points. ? vuwuuu uuu jur.EGij.Lu (A u ii) Uiuu. oiiuniin hDu Bankin, had hard work to hold their own, each pair coming out but one point to the good on eight rubbers, but Lydement and Board were not so fortunate, losing 9 points, which reduced the majority to 16 as already stated. For the losers Lukin and D. Wood I row, and Pryce and Jackson won 12 and 10 points respectively, but Crystal and Arm strong, and Anderson and J. S. Bartholomew lost 26 and 12 points respectively. Of the six matches that have now taken place Gympie has won 4 and Maryborough 2. Subsequently the winners were entertained by their opponents at the Queen's hotel, where justice was done to a most appetising supper provided by the proprietor (Mr. M. A. , Phillips) and two hours were spent very jjicaotuiiji iu ajjeeumiYing ana singing. General regret was expressed that the present was the last whist match between the two towns in which the genial captain of the Maryborough team (Mr. Jackson) would be able to take part, he having just been pro moted to the mastership of a State school near Toowoomba. Some very compli mentary things were said in his praise as a whist player, and good companion,, and these were supplemented by the Police Magistrate (Mr. Lukin) bearing testimony in a few neat sentences to Mr. Jackson's ability and popularity as a teacher. At the, Police Court on Thursday, before Mr. J.Farrelly J. P., an inebriate was dis charged with a caution, and another brought up yesterday was treated in a similar manner. The Gympie Town Band held a most en joyable social in the Freemason's Hotel on Thursday evening last. The occasion was made the opportunity of presenting Mr. W. M. Jones, their Bandmaster, with a gold medal given by the members of the band as a memento of the ' tie ' with the winning band obtained at the recent Bundaberg con test. Harmony and refreshments filled in a very pleasant evening. A meeting of delegates to the Gympie Junior Cricket Association will be held in the Eoyal hotel on Monday night. On Thursday afternoon a match was played on, the. Queen's Park between the Union .and J. S. . Cullinane's Employees CO., and resulted in a draw. The Union batted first, and ran up 151, the chief contributors being — M'Karg, 34; M'Kenzie, 30; Windlay, 18; Ferguson (not out), lo; Board, 15; Woolgar, 12, and J. White, 10. Cullinane's team had 5 wickets down for 21, when-time was called, Goodwin, 7, being the principal scorer. Bowling for Culli linane's team — T. Cahill captured 5 wickets for 42, Henderson 3 for 24, and Goodwin, 2 for 3fi. whilp. M'TCnri? 3 fov 3. n.nrl M'TTftnflin 9. for 9, did the trundling for the Union team. —A meeting of the Wasps C.C. was held on Monday, when the following officers were appointed; — Patron, E. J. Street: president,' - J. Lydement, junr.; vice-presidents, B. Boan, P. Eyan, E. Brewer, G. Gerrard, W. C. Chippendale, and T. Pattle ; committee, J. Brewer, G. Alder, and W. Cox ; captain, F. Knight; vice-captain, B. Brewer; secretary and treasurer, B. Kay. The One Mile and Oxford clubs will initiate the season by a match on the One Mile ground to-day. The One Mile club will register two divisions on the Association this season. Mr. J. Lydement has given a bat to be presented to the batsman obtaining the best batting average during the season, and Mr. Smyth has promised a trophy to be devoted so some branch of the game at the discretion of the committee. The third of a series of rifle matches drawn up for competition was brought to a conclusion on Thursday last. The weather was any thing but gooTl for high scoring, there being a strong glare and wind to contend against. The following were the principal scorers, and take money prizes : —Lieutenant-Colonel G-. Patterson, scratch, 77; B. Mercer, 6S, handicap 9, total 76 ; E. Mitchell, 62, handi cap G, total 68 ; A. B. Eanson, 62, handicap S, total 67. The fourth competition com mences to-day, the ranges being 600, 700, and 800 yards. Mr. Grove, evangelist, is announced to preach in the Congregational Church tomor row night. ^ ' Services in connection with the British and Foreign Bible Society will be held to-morrow by the Bev. H. T. Bobjohns, M.A., in the morning at the Surface Hill Wesleyan Church, and at night at the Primitive Methodist Church, Bed Hill. On Monday evening the annual raeeting will take place in the Presbyterian Church, Bed Hill. Ad dresses will be delivered by Mr. Eobjohns, several, ministers of the town, and others. Selections will also be rendered by the church choir. Members of the local commit tee are requested to meet in the Presbyterian Vestry room at 7.15 on Monday evening. In connection with the destructive bush fires, which occurred nearKempsey, (N.S.W.) last week, a very pitiable case is reported. A settler named Donnelly, at Piper's Creek, had his house and everything destroyed, except the clothes the family had on them, and they were obliged to go into a ploughed field and remain. While there the wife gave birth to a baby, the husband putting a few slabs around her and leaving her, to come to Keinpsey for provisions and coverings. Scarcely a , blade of grass can be found, and the settlers are at a loss what to dp with their stock. Papers received by the last Home mail to hand show that Private Hayhurst, the winner of the Queen's prize at the last Bisley rifle shooting meeting is a Canadian merely by reason of two or three years' resi to Canada he was well known at Bisley as a skilful shot hailing from Manchester. He tied with Private Boyd of the 3rd Lanark for the coveted- prize, and won in shooting off the tie. The successful candidate in the election for the City of Londonderry was Mr. E. T. V. Knox, Home Buler, and ex-member for Cavan, who gained the seat for the Na tionalist party by a majority of 79 over the late member, Mr. J. Boss, Q.C. ThepollingB there have been very close of late years. In 1892 Mr. Justin McCarthy was defeated by only 38 votes, and in 1886 the Conservatives won by 5 vote? only. n. W. Dubietz. — Lcttei1 crowded out ; shall appear iu our next, 