THE PROGRESS OF WEST AUSTRALIA. INTERVIEW WITH SIR JOHN FORREST, The Hon. Sir John Forrest, Premier of Western Australia, arrived in Adelaide by the mail eteamer Oruba on Tuesday afternoon on hie way to attend the meetings of the Foderal Oounoil and to represent bis oolony at the Postal Conference. Be xb not sure whether he will be present at the meeting of Premiers at Hobart, as he has so far received very little information in regard to what is proposed to be done on that oooasion. With the other delegates from Western Australia Sir John Forrest landed on.Tuesday after noon and prooeeded to the Pork Hotel. He continued the journey overland next day. The Premier of the western oolony was interviewed by a representative of the Observer on Tuesday evening, and in answer to a question said, "I hope to be able to snake , better arrangements at the Postal Conference for the mail steamers leaving.King George's j ; Sound. At present the boats from England leave for the eastern colonies at all hours of the night. At present intending passengers are not sure at what hour they will be called up. I am going to see if some agreement can be made that steamers arriving after 11 o'clook at night shall not leave for the eastern colonies till after 8 o'clook the next morning. As a matter of faot it is very often this latter hour at which tbey do leave, but it is the un certainty wliiob is so objectionable, and by the arrangement every colony ought to be considered, I intend to propose, too, that the homeward mails should leave Adelaide on Saturday instead of on Wednes | day. The present arrangement euite us very well, but some of the other colonies are not | satisfied. Thursday or Friday would not suit ' our colony. We do not want mails to arrive in Perth on a Sunday. We are quite willing, and have intimated as much to the Imperial Government, for the present oontraot to extend to IS98. We would be very glad to assist some of the other oolonies in the direction of having a certain amount of space ou the tnailboats set apart for produce, but wo do not press it, I think we are, perhaps, going a little too far in trying to dictate to the Home Government as to theolassof labour to be carried on the mail steamers, seeing that the oontraot is for a considerable portion of the British Empire. With regard to the inter ruption and delays on the telegraph line between here and Perth, we maintain that as a rule these occur on the South Australian Bide. There hare been some delays recently on rhe Western Australian aide owing to bush fires. I think the time has come when perhaps we shall have to ereot a new wire, and we would be quite willing to do our part to Euols if the BouLb Australian Government will meet us." " What about the development of the gold producing couutry, Sir John?" "itaiiway communication with Goolgardie will before long be an accomplished fact). As soon as the rails have arrived from England the line will be commenced from Southern Gross to the field. The survey has boen completed, and plans and specifications are being propared. The same also oan be said for the line from Mullewa to Cue, a distauoe of 215 miles. I have here a very interesting return just published showing the amount and value of gold, the produce of the oolony, waich has been entered for export from January 1, 18S6, about the time gold was first discovered in working quantities in the colony, to Deoooiber 31 last. This shows as follows:— 1886, 302 oz., valued at ill. 147; 1837, 4,873 oz., £18,517; 1888, 3.493 oz., £13.273; 1889, 15,492oz., £58.871; 1890, 22,806 oz., £36,663; 1891, 30,311 oz., £115,182; 1892, 59,048 oz., £226,283; 1893, 110,890 oz., £421,385; 1894, 207,131 oz., £787,098. These figures are for the whole of the colony, which is divided into six districts. Of the total quantity last year the District of Yilgarn contributed 250,751 oz., and of this Ocolgardie proper was responsible for 105,329 oz. Now, however, Yilgarn and Goolgardie have been made two separate districts. Last year the Murobison district contributed 100.577 oz. The gold has been officially valued at £3 16s. per oz. There seems to me to be no doubt about the per manenoy of the fields. The Government take tbis view, or they would never have started the railway and expended the money they have. When it iB remembered that all the gold baB been prooured to a very great extent without the use of machinery one can at ouoe realize the immense quantity there must be there. There is no diffioulty in Coolgardie now about water for human consump tion. Tanks have been constructed, and condensers erected. There is an ahundauce of salt water in the marshes, and it is only a matter of condensing it. In Southern Cross . fresh water oan he obtained for less than Id. per gallon, and at Goolgardie it is only 2d. or 3d. In my opinion there is an abundance of water in the depressions known as salt marshes, and thiB oan easily be pumped to all parts of the field. Salt water, X have been informed by a competent iniuing captain, ia better for crushing purposes even than fresh. There are all sorts of projects for bringing water to the fields. It has keen proposed to i take the water from the rivers near the coast to tile field, and also to take the ore to the rivers, but I believe the simpler plan will be to pump water from Lakes Lefroy and Barlee and other of the salt marshes to the field." I 'What are tho prospects of future trade with this oolouy ?" I "It seems to see that we shall have to Bend to you for a tremendous amouut of bread stuffs, owing to the bad harvest we have experienoed. We suffer, as I havo often said, from not producing sufficient in our colony, livery one has had the gold fever, and the papulation which has oome into the oolouy has been directed tci the fields. In ooDBequonoe there has not been that demand for land and that interest taken in cultivation of the soil we should like. However, we hope that as the people get tired of a rough life some of them instead of returning -to you will eettle on our laud. With that objeot in view I have introduced two Bills into Parliament to euoourags the settlement of land. Both of these have beBn oarried. The Homesteads Aot gives to any I man who likes to live on the land 160 acres [ free on certain conditions of improvement. The second Bill, whioh wae oarried only last session, establishes as a Government institu tion an Agricultural Land Bank, whioh has for its object the making of advances to farmers or other cultivators of the soil on the security of their holdings, whether held in ; fee.simpje, or under special occupation lease, or conditional purchase lease, or under the Homesteads Aot. Theadvances areouly to be made for the purpose of msking improve ments on unimproved holdings, or of adding to improvements already made. No odvsnoe is to exoeed £400, and the rate of interest is 6 per cent. There are a number of other precautions, and I think the Bill d iffer* from hhy#4»ye Seehi' inaamnobes it only adyenoes for fnutbtt: improvements, and not for relieving anj exist-;. iug mortgage or loan. The Bill ia limited in • the -firat place to £100,000, ahdinthefirsl'' instance I propose to utilize the Government Savings Bank money*, a* these axe secured '*■ by the Consolidated Revenue Fund. The depositors are quite secure, beoanse theyfirst here behind them; the fanner end his tend, - end then theoonsolidated revenue." ; > ~ Sir John Forrest was asked to express en : opinion with respect to the rumours which ., were circulated about the retirement from the Ministry of Mr. Marmion, M.L. A., who was • Minister for Minea end Commissioner for Bends, bnt he wae disinolined to do to f. publioly. 