AN AUSTRALIAN COPYRIGHT. The Australian people are not distin guished La the field of literature. There are a few who live by writing for the press, but those of them who have the inclination and the power to pro duce something more permanent have seldom the leisure to do bo. And there is another thing they need beyond the in clination and the power and that is the prospect of remuneration. Australia is a country in which it can hardly ever pay a man to write a book. One small parish in London is worth more to the author than ail our colonies here with New Zealand to boot, and one trip down Paterno3ter Row with a new book will sell more copies in a couple of hours that would be taken in .a-us(-ru.uisia in a iweive-uiuaiu. ii an Australian writes a good book and brings it out in England it may have a good run because of its merits, and the same may be said of a good book written in Nova Zembla or Timbuctoo ; but such books are rarely written in Australia and, if they were brought out here first they would most of them die of dis couragement and expense before they had the chance of being appreciated elsewhere. For works of fiction, whether confined to the compass of a magazine article or newspaper serial, or extended to the dimensions of a novel, there is a special hick of encouragement ; for an Australian magazine of the Cornhill type cannot pay its way, much less its contributors and the newspapers obtain for a few pounds the right of produc ing a new three-volume nove by an author of repute, which at three columns a week, eujoys a six months existence as a Saturday feuilleton. Phirtv or forfcv notinds in thn p/-urse nf a year will provide the enterprising pro prietor of a daily journal with enough readable fiction by the best *known authors to amuse his lady readers from January to December. So the Aus tralian's ambition seldom looks that way. The materials for historical writ ing, whether of the sketchy on the more ambitious kind, are better found in lands of older civilization, unless indeed the history be Australian, in which case the writer has it all to himself, and a very dull field it is. Essay writ ing and scientific treatises are abundant in the books and periodicals which we import fro m Europe ; while as for poetry, if publishe d her-}, it would mean a loss of money to .the man with genius, and a loss of money and reputa tion to the man without. Notwithstanding- all this, it m ay sur prise our readers to leira that, during our one century of Australian life, these colonies have produced 121 works of Australian history, 30 baoka about th native races, and 259 books of verses, some few or them characterised by genius. It is said that that country is happy which has no history ; but, though Australia has very little history, such as it has is not very pleasant reading, for its longest passages treat of the common place and its shorter ones are tales of cruelty and misery. The style in which tbese books are written is usually crab bed and inelegant, not to say that they are some of them ill-arranged, ungram matical anduninvitiner. There are few Australian histories which are not, to reading, what a meal of sawdust would be to eating ; nevertheless we must have such books in order to know ' where we are.' The poems, with the exception of four or five volumes which are destined to live, are mostly feeble imitations of the sentimental school or, when locally colored, ring painful changes on the digger, the bush fire, the bushranger, the wattle bloom, the gloaming, the sun downer and the sunset. These com positions most of them contain words which, if otherwise arranged and properly connected with ideas, might go to make up poetry, but jumbled as they are, bear no nearer relation to poetry than the cottage kettle-holder does to. the tapestry which hangs in the caatla Of all the book3 that Australia has pro duced, the books treating of the native races are likely to excite the most per manent and the widest interest. It is fortunate that they have been written before the races with which they deal have been civilized out- of existence, or at least out of savagedom. The origin, migrations and history of the various races that people the earth and the origin and transitions of their lan guages is becoming more and more a subject of scientific interest, and the Australian contributions to this kind of learning are not the 1 east in importance With all this budding forth of intel. ectual activity — albeit very seldom of the highest — it b worth while to con. sider how very little is done to encour age and protect it. With universities springing up in every Australian capital, teaching men and women (among other things) literature ancient and modern, one would think some thing might be done towards the encouragement of the spirit thus aroused and the safeguarding the re sults of its action. An Australian copy right, however, does not exist. It might not be worth much if it did exist, but the separate colonial copyright is worth nothing. Each colony has its separate statute for the pr otection of its own few books within its own bound ary. If an author thinks his work is not worth protection, he will not write .it ; if he wants even an Australian x- ro tection, he has to eiploy agents to register contemporafeously in six different centres. If he oes not do this, but is content with h; own colony, his work at once becomfea lawful prey to those beyond the bounary who may print and sell an edition ^ th impunity. An intercolonial copyrigh'registration, common to all the coloms, at some place in any one of tbxn — it little mxtters which — would cos little and would be a great boon. I is of little use sowing the seed unl-:s you can house the harvest. The eople here are very inconsistent. No jlony is so unimportant as not to want mniversity, and no interest is too small:o have its qualifying body. Most youij men aud some young women whom me meets This is the age of the rage for ' cul ture ' and yet, so far as sue. culture finds a literary manifestationit is left with no protection but what ernes from chance or from the worthlessnss of its products. A few clauses scribled by a lawyer and printed by a priter, and assented to by the several lejslatures which are so keen for public infraction would do more to reward the tforts of the scholar than any number 'f '♦ buT saries,' prizes and ' exhibitiou.' An Australian copyright law, o little pecuniary value to-day, for -easens which have been mentioned, iibound to exercise an immediate in fluece and one which must increase with oudearn ing and our population. At Fremantle on Thursday evning a tea and public meeting was hid in connection with the newly femed Baptist Church. Mr. Bolton preided. Stirring addresses were delivere by the Rev. W. A. P,ot±s, J. T. Earner H. Ford, J. Rogers and the pastor, the le v Jas. EL Cole. The date of the annual National Su w of the colony under the auspices ofte Royal Agricultural Society draws nor. On Nov. 5 and 6 the Show grouncat Guildford will assume its usal animated appearance on show das. The Secretary (Mr. Geo. Hann) is nw busy with the arrangements for the Ig event and entries in all classes are betg received daily. The usual exhibits v'.l be shown including' stock and agrici ture of ail descriptions, agrieuU-url machinery,fruit and vegetables, flowe. , Colonial wine and beer, &c.;, carriagt and saddlery; &.z. Horse parade, hunters, high jumping and lo chopping contests will be provided o: both days and every effort will be mad to make the Show even more attractive than its predecessors were. A correspondent writes : — I am very much against a' constant finding fault with officials, but there are limits to forbearance. A few days ago, I had occasion to call at the Public Hospital to make inquiries relative to a person who I had reason to believe was there as a patient. My complaint is that I received no satisfactory information, and that the official was most uncivil in his manner. I claim that so long as an official is approached in a proper ?xay, that an inquirer has a right to be treated with common courtesy by a servant of the public. The Government have decided to im port a steam road roller from New South Wales, for use in making the Perth-Fremantle road, a suti of money; for which was voted last session. The Government .of N.S.W. have apprised the Works Department that the roller hs been shipped to this colony. The Premier (Sir John Forrest M.L.4_), the Attorney General (Mr. S. Burt M.L.A.), the Minister for Mines (Mr. E. H. Wittenoom MJLC), and the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Mr. A R. Richardson, M.L.A.), returned by SDecial train to Perth nn TlmMrfair evening, from their visit to the coun try. The Civil Service Committee ha? re moved from the Commercial Bank Chambers to an office over Peet and Co.'s Land Agency, William-street near the Royal Hotel. We are glad to note that Mr. William Reynolds has succeeded in completing his work for Mr. Honnr Ai-.tiroi] n± fU corner of High-street and Adelaide Terrace, Fremantle, notwithstanding the inclement weather t he had to en counter. Indeed, had not the building* been wel constructed they must hare suffered from the wet and heavy gales that recently prevailed. Great credit is due both to the contractor and Mr. P. L Wilson, the architect. The shop fronts are specially attractive, and will be of immense service to the occupiers for the purpose of exhibiting \heir goods. The German experts. Herr Sci:meissei and Dr. Vogelsang, last .reet paid a visit to the Menzies district. After a *— careful inspection along the main line of reef, which it is stated, exceeds in length any other reef yet discovered in the colony, the experts expressed them selves as well satisfied with the workings and the prospects of the district geneyal ly. They were accompanied by Mr W A. Me rcer, of Bewick, Moreing, & Co 