A TOUR IN THE RIVERINA. Around Narrandera — The Scene of the Squat- ter's Dream. We are continually being told that the colonies have no history — no colour. Nothing, in fact, to call up feelings of veneration and wonder. No ancient ruins crumbling to decay, nor 'fragments of an earlier world ' to mellow the past. True, we have not these. But were I to paint the inner life of the early pioneers, the vicissitudes they had to encoun- ter, the rapid ascent of some of the squatters into affluence or their still more rapid descent into poverty, the recital I ween would be sufficiently dramatic to awaken what sentiment we had in us, and make us for a while forget the present, and draw our thoughts back to the shadowy past. There are a great many of the Riverina homesteads whose walls once resounded with mirth and gaiety, that are now silent as the grave. Bush fires and droughts and the depreciation in stock have, in most instances, put the financial companies in pos- session, and the erstwhile owners have become boundary-riders on the place. The writer visited a station a few years ago. The property was then one of the finest freeholds in Southern Riverina. There must have been about thirty guests, principally from Sydney and Mel- bourne, besides themselves. Everything was car- ried out on the same scale of magnificence as would obtain in a Toorak mansion. At dinner the guests all attired in evening dress sat down to what might be termed a banquet. The table was covered with floral decorations and all the delicacies of the season. A couple of dozen waiters flitted about and saved the guests even the exertion of filling their glasses with the choice wines that were there. They had champagne every day. The surroundings of the place too also savoured of the same grandeur. There was a lovely garden, in which were ferneries, hot-houses, fountains, and fish-ponds, etc., and a ballroom in which balls were frequently held. In fact Claude Melnotte's description of his palace on the Lake of Como would not be much of an exaggera- tion of the scene there presented to me. A few years of this sort of thing, and the climax came. The whole family were ejected a few months ago, so that like a good many others, they now look upon their pleasure past as to the fabled apples of the Dead Sea — bitterness and ashes. Few, not many, perhaps, on reading Rolfe Boldre- wood's novel, ' The Squatter's Dream,' would recognize Bunditjerie, four miles from Narandera, as being the scene of that story. Having heard that Mr. T. A. Browne had died there in the "sixties," and had gone under with droughts and floods, &c;, I naturally connected him with the hero of the "Squatter's Dream" — Jack — and I after- wards found my conjecture was correct. The novel was simply Mr. Browne's own life enlarged and elaborated upon. The Bunditjerie homestead, which is an old- fashioned but comfortable dwelling, with a spacious ballroom contiguous, surrounded with trees, is built near the top of a hill which runs steep down to a creek, and the Murrumbidgee also is not far off. On the banks of this creek there is still to be seen an old hut in which it is said Rolf Boldrewood had lived. My mind conjured up the whole scene. Here it was that Rolf sat in the dusk of the twi- light when the red of the light had faded, with not a sound to break the stillness save the occasional quack of a wild duck in the water or the subdued noise of the cricket. I could see the hard expression on his face as he puffed away at his pipe and thought of how the banks let him have unlimited funds when he started, but as soon as the bush- fires, droughts, and floods began to menace him, and his woolshed had been burnt a couple of times, the aforesaid banks "wanted to know, you know." And this is what really happened. Everything went swimmingly for a few years, till the elements got the upper hand, and then the banks came down on him, and turned him out. Maud, the brave girl mentioned in the novel, is no other than Mr. Browne's wife, and lying on the hillside are the remains of two more actors in that drama who have made their exit from the stage. The laughter of the children who accompanied me became hushed as we approached the clump of pines which stand sentinel over the graves of a beloved son of Mr. Browne and also an old and faithful ser- vant of the latter. There is a little wooden railing round the grave of the former, and a headstone over the other with the words — "Erected to the memory of William O'Brien by his loving wife Mary in - 1864." I have come across many similar graves in the great wilderness of Australian bush, and as the wind soughed through the pines, and seemed to sing a requiem for the departed, I thought that many a mother in some far-off land at this joyous Christmas-tide is thinking of a son whom she has not heard of for years and who probably lies beneath one of those mounds. In the springtime Bunditjerie is very pretty. All the pasture is green and the creek is lined with wattle trees which are covered with the golden wattle bloom, and the air is laden with the perfume. There is good fishing here too in the summer time. One day I landed eight lovely perch in less than twenty minutes. From the top of the hill also can be faintly discerned, what is described in Boldrewood's novel as the ' Murdering Lake,' but which is known as the Murdering Island, on which were massacred some thirty-five years ago about 300 blacks. There are said to be two sides to the story. Some say that the only crime the blacks had been guilty of was that of stealing cattle. But cer- tain it is that neither gins nor picanninies were spared. All were murdered on this island, and their bones, I am told, were lying bleaching there for years till a flood washed them away. It is said that an old blackfellow, named Mungo, escaped by diving under the water. I went a long way to have an interview with this old warrior, and found him partly drunk; but when I told him what I required his black eyes flashed beneath his white shaggy eyebrows as he grunted out the ghastly details, which, however, were of so spasmodic a nature that I could not glean much from his ravings. "Yes." he said, "white fellow kill blackfellow, gin, picaninny. What you do white fellow kill another white fellow? — you put him in gaol — white fellow kill black fellow, no matter — black fellow no account." Poor old Mungo! you little know that we are only carrying out the prin- ciples of humanity — the survival of the fittest. Bunditjerie estate comprises about 10,000 acres, 4000 of which is leasehold, and which will expire in July next year. Mr. Guest had about one thousand acres under crop last year, the yield being fair. Anyone visiting the Guests will find them an ex- ceedingly nice family. Mrs. Guest is a great worker, and it is probably owing to her industry that they have got on so well. They have another estate over the river "Baulavale," besides a place out back. Now a word about Narrandera, although the latter has no reason to feel proud of her past his- tory, for on nearly every road you approach the town the spot can be pointed out where a murder has been committed. These crimes are attributable, however, to the wandering population that always floated about this district. On the road to the Yanko you will be shown the place where the Pohlman brothers, hawkers, were murdered. The way the waggon was hid was very ingenious. The mur- derers found a dense clump of pines and half cut- ting some of them, they were enabled to bend them over, when they dragged the waggon over them, and the trees went back to their former positions, and the waggon was completely concealed. Even in the streets of Narrandera the people are walking daily over the remains of people who have been buried there before the streets were formed. Narrandera, however, although it will always be overshadowed by Wagga, will become one of the best business places in the Riverina, as there is a splendid district around. The meat-freezing industry alone here employs about a hundred men, and the wooI- scouring works also a great many. The Catholic church is in the centre of the town, and occupies a valuable site, which will probably be sold when things look up, and another site bought. Father Carroll is the parish priest, with Father M'Cabe as curate. They have a very nice presbytery. There is also a convent — the Josephites are the Order in charge. There are four Sisters, who have to walk through nearly a mile of sand twice a day to the church where they teach school. The stationmaster, Mr. Hetherington, and post- master, Mr. Malone, are prominent Catholics, and are well respected by everyone. Mrs. Jenkins, of Buckingbong, is always a conspicuous figure at bazaars, and gives valuable assistance at every Catholic function; and the same may be said of Mrs. Foley, of the Railway Hotel. As Christmas will be over when this is published, I will wish everyone A Happy New Year. The writer will probably spend his Christmas in the bush, with the thermometer at 120deg., and will have his Christmas dinner, consisting of damper and muddy water, al fresco on the grass (if there is any left from the fire), with ants and cockroaches clambering over his tablecloth. The greeting down this way at this festive season is — '"Where are you going at Christmas?" Oh, to put out bushfires." KILLEEVY. 