? H. Copeland will contest the seat v y Mr. Meagher. Hodgson will stand in the interests of the Government. M-'- J-mts Wilson will also be nominated by the L\bour part v. The new loan of £4,000,000 realised an average of £96 18 s 31. This ia considered fcy the Eaglish press as only a moderate snccees. Greafy wool maintains its pre a in the Lindon market Sconred wool is, however, reported to be weaker. Mr. John Hore. one of the oldest BcrJer pioneers, died on Tuesday. The trial of Sheridan for the murder cf Jessie Nicholls takes place at the next eictina of iha Criminal Court The Hay market Building Society has reduced the interest on deposits trom 5 per cent to 3 per cent. A weekly half-holiday has been established at Tallangatta. Mr. Smibert, Victorian Telegraph Eogineer, rtcQn m :nda that all wines te placed underground. Tne Victorian Minister of Agriculture ia ask d to esablish a central wine depot in Melbourne. Mr. Tiverner promised to lay the proposal before the Cabinet. A large public meeting on behalf of the Methodist Union has been held in Adelaide. The L eutenant-Goverror occupied the chair. A resolution was carried in favour of the consummation of Methodist Union in South Australia. A little girl fell down a deep well at A local resident pluckily went down the shaft without a rope, and held the ciiid till help arrived. The conference of farmers at Junee, to discuss the bag question, fell through. Only one distric: was represented—that cf Wagga Wagga. It is probable that another meeting will Le convened. Mr. Voider has been placed if? charge of the Experimental Farm at Wagaa Wagga. S .me of the sheep taken home fcy the Bateshire realised 40>. each. Stanbory is likely to accept the challenge of Harding, champion sculler of England. The match will take place on the Thames for £500 aside. In the Melbourne city abattoirs last week nine bullocks were found suS.rlcg from tuberculosis. The cricket season opened in Melbourne Gn Saturday last Gaorge D-;an was committed for trial ca Friday on a charge of perjury. It ia stated that wholesome spirits can be distilled in Germany at 6L a gallon. Lord Brassey is expected to reach Melbourne on 25 ;h lost He had a very rough passage from the Cape. Oa reaching Albany (he Sunbeam was found to be considerably knocked about The mutton sent to Lmdon by the Bu'eshtre arrived in excellent condition. A charity ball at Singleton yielded a prcfit cf £55. * A lad named Tste met with a serious »cci« dent at Vasa. He was going through a fence with a gur, when the piece went c£F, the contents passing through hie thigh. Mary Ann Evans, a domestic servant, at* tempted suicide last week. Sue swallowed a large dose of camphor liniment, after announcing the intention to kill herself. The steamer Damascus has made the trip from London in 39 days. The bride who disappeared suddenly sf er a r.cant marriage ia Sydney has turned up again. Her reason for leaving her husband is cot stated. A shearer csm?d John Hill dropped dead whilst shearing in the Moama dia.rict The Sydney Transit Commieeionen have refused to license a Caicese cabman. Bush-fires an reported in the neighborhood of Tarago. George Lynch has been sentenced to death at Adelaide tor murder. When senterca was pronounced he turned round to the jadge and said " Thank you." His wire, who was present, fafuted on the fljor of the c- urt. Diniel Geen, the mining clerk, waa saseulted oa Monday. Dean ssys if he had heard of Sir Julian 8demons' effer of £50, he wculd have jamped at it A fond has been started for the relief of Mrs. Dean. A large enm 1 e; of subscriptions have already been promise d. At Bathurst on Monday two Chinese eon'* vertB were iaptist d Electricity is to be adopted as the motive power for the Brisbane tramways. A company is being fenned In London to dfect the alteration. The imports ted exports cf V.ctoila shoved a l?rgs in:re*s» fat last month. Tae Pitt Town Tillage settlement has not proved a suc& m. The population ha fallea from $00 to 143, aad even tbe*e make a bare tsbsistaoe*. Vi-count Hampden, the sew Governor, hat •ailed la Srdtey. The scrip of th» Hew S-nth Wales leas ft so* oioted at a pnefeB in b^dos, 