BOSH; HUBS. ? ^ did not feturn to the creek, and the infant did not suffer from the exposure, but From latest reports was weli and thriving. How some of the smaller towns of the ! district were saved will ever remain a j mystery to tneir inhabitants, witn the - first warning of danger, men, women, and children armed themselves with bushes, | wet bags, and buckets of water, - and devoted themselves night and day i to battling with the names. The fires ? attacked, among other places, Wauchope [ and ' Beechwood on the Hastings, h'red- j erickton on the Macleay,and Bowraville on j the Nambucca. To the very e ige of these \ townships the blaze approached. Sparks , from the trees flew every now and again to the roofs of houses, to be quickly extin guished. By gliding snake-like along the grass the fire continually songht an in gress. At intervals a mighty rush of flame would force the besieged, back, Ecorching hands and faces, but only for an instant. Heroically returning to the fray, Man brought his every sense of strategy to the fore and repulsed the invader. Many were the deeds of heroism performed, deeds deserving of the highest praise, yet so simply done, that they passed unnoticed at the time. Selfishness, that vice of modern humanity, was for the once laid on one side. Everyone worked for the common good, for the common safety. Here and there, where the danger was extraordinary, -.the men sent the women idk and children to seek saiety in the creeks while they labored. For very many years to come the fires will be remembered with saddened hearts. They have made of the past month truly a Black August. A man may travel in stages of ten or fifteen miles and see nothing but blackened farms, the only relieving colors being the din^y, smoke dulled homesteads. Impassable roads will meet him at every turn, burnt culverts, ruined barns, dying and dead cattle, men and women with the despair written big' on their faces. Many men can be found who will say that the North Coast will not recover from this disaster. Others aver that it will play the part of Phoenix. Time only will prove which are right. To wipe off the combined effects of flood and fire will, however, take the people many years of toil and struggle. B. de S. ALBUET, Monday.— There has been no drought or bi sh fires in this district for weeks. A continuous rain only ceased on Saturday. The season is one of the best on record. BEGA, Monday. — The drought con tinues, although there is every appearance of rain. Bush fire3 continue to consume areas of dry grass, and all tne ranges around have been burning for the last ten days. The gale has now ceased. Dur ing its height many houses were unroofed at Numbugga, near here, the iron being carried into the gullies. Bush fires have swept nearly everything before them, and cattle were burut in the paadocks, and wallabies have been destroyed in scores. The families of Warren- and Wiiyman had to work nignt and day to save their houses from destruction. The buruing ranges made a great illumination at night. The forests have been thinned without Government aid, but it is now required to clear the roads or' the fallen trees. Many sheds, verandahs, and fences were blown down in the vicinity of Bega. 1 he fire at Sattler's broke out during the fierce gale, and the church bell was rung to rouse the inhabitants. If the fire had broken out where the buildings are close together, tha whole of the town must have gone. All stock are very weak, and the milk supply is daily falling off. Farmers are skinning their cattle out at Candelo to save their hides, and the largest dairymen ^re resort ing to feeding cattle.' At Eurobodalla, Cow drey's li-rge barn and milking sheds, and Coman's residence and adjoining buildings are burned do?rn by bushfires. BOMBALA, Monday. — Dry weather still prevails here, with high westerly winds. A few bush fires are reported, but these are chiefly brush fences, and no great damage has been done at present. Grass is scarce, and the stock are dying from tne seventy or the winter trosts. CAM DEN, Monday. — The local tweed factory narrowly escaped destruction on Saturday night. About half -past 9 smoke was observed issuing irom the second floor of the building, when it was found that several bags of wool had become ignited. After some trouole the fire was extin guished, the only damage being the loss of the wooL *idaa the fire got a firm hold, nothing .could have saved the whole building from total destruction. CLIFrON, Monday. — A thick fog en veloped Clifton lor several hours yester day, the township being in a state of semi dar&ness; during that time. The weather is still dry, and the heat from bush fires is very oppressive. It rain does not fall soon, there is every probability of serious consequences following the continued drought. CAPEETEE, Monday. — Consequent upon the high winds prevailing recently, a great portion of Cherry Tree, on the Mudgee-Capertee-road, has been burnt, and the grass or many selectors there has been completely burnt. The weather in this district is fearfully dry. Lambing is almost a failure, and unless rain inter venes shortly, great numbers of stock will assuredly perish., GUNDAGAI, Monday. — No bush fires have occurred in this district during the present season, but owing to the great scarcity of grass during the winter months in all parts of the district hundreds of sheep, cattle, and horses have succumbed. On the temporary common alone, adjacentr to the town, upwards of 100 cattle have died ; and the eame cry from the farmers of the loss of valuable stock is much in evidence from almost every quarter. Since the disappearance of the winter frosts the young grass has grown rapidly, and the drought has now practically broken up. GOULBUEN, Monday.— The drought prevailing has been very destructive. There is little or no vegetation, and the ground is hard and dry. Gales of wind have been blowing daily. No bush fires have been reported. - HAT, Monday. — The weather continues dry in this district, but so far there is no lack of grass and water. Pastoralistsand selectors have been sending their fat sheep to Sydney, where excellent prices have been obtained during the past few weeks. If rain does not fall shortly crops will be at least & partial failure, and grass Trill be scarce in summer. Shearing is progressing smoothly, and a number of eheds are nearly cut oat. No bush fires have been reported. In com parison, with other. parts of the colony, this district has been favored by 4he weather; rain falling now would ensure a fair season. El AM A, Monday.— The homestead of Mr. John Love, J.P., was burnt to the ground on Saturday afternoon. It is sup posed that a spark from a chimney set toe roof alight. With the exception of a piano and some clothing, everything was des troyed; but the outhouses -were saved with difficulty. . TAEKE, Monday.' — A fire occurred on -Saturday afternoon at the' Presby terian manse, when some shavings and rubbish ignited under the building, burning the floor in several places, but the flames were extinguished without further damage. The clergyman (Mr. Crane) and Ma wife were absent in Sydney at the tlma. ? _ . . ? ; ? \- ''''' 