Bush Fires. GREAT DAMAGE TO PROPERTY ON THE MOUNTAINS. The passengers by the midday train from Bathurst to Sydney on Tuesday had a sensational experience near Soldier's Pinch, between Blackheath and Mount "Victoria. The train had to pass through a fearful bush fire, which raged on both sides and across the line, and the men on the engine had the hair on their heads and faces Binged and their coats burned. They had to put on extra speed to get through the flames, which roared through the open carriage windows, setting fire to the passengers' goods in the racks overhead. The dresses of two of the lady passengers caught fire ; bnt were quickly extinguished. One lady went into a faint; and altogether, for a few minutes, the whole train had rather a hot and trying experience. Miles of fencing on both sides were completely destroyed, the sleepers even catching fire. On Wednesday night all the surrounding country appeared to be on fire, and the atmosphere was densely laden with smoke. The late very strong wind has calmed down, but there is not the least sign of a change to rain. In the district of Hartley, for 27 years, such fearfully strong bleaching winds or exten sive fires have never been known. News from Mount Victoria, states :-At ten minutes past 1 o'clock on Monday, when the family were at dinner, a bush fire, amidBt thick rolling volumes of smoke, crept up the cliff from Kanimbla Valley, and caught the fence of Leicester Oottage, near Mount Piddington, a nine-roomed house occupied by Miss Plummer as a boarding house, and owned by Mr. W. 0. Plummer. In less than half an hour the place was burnt to the ground. It was insured for £600 in the New Zealand Insurance Company. The furniture was insured, but muoh of it was saved. At Mr. Butler's, house, lower down, the furniture was got out, but the fire did not attack it. The stationmaster's house at Bell was Burrounded by fire, but through the efforts of the ballast gang, who happened to be there, it was saved from the flames. A great quantity of fencing was destroyed at Kanimbla and Littleton Stations on Monday night by bush fires. The wind rose again, and the fires Bpread. On Monday, the road was impassable for some time, and parcels in the midday train in the guards van caught fire. The same night, the flames went through Fairy Bower, one of the prettiest sights on the Mount, and did muoh damage. The fenoing on the railway line between there and Blackheath is gone, not a panel standing, and all the Btruts of the telegraph poles have been burnt down. At Lawson the fires have been raging in the gullies and hills. Sunday and Monday were the most eventful days ever known there. A slight breeze on Sunday brought the fires towards the town, and a number of railway people on the reserve had to fight against the fire. Dante's Glen was completely destroyed, and the ferns, trees, etc., were spoiled. Some time will elapse before the Falls are worth looking at. The railway sleepers caught fire near Lawson Station, on Monday and the fettlers had a difficulty in suppressing the flames between Linden and Faulconbridge. 500 panels of fencing were burnt, Great numbers of sleepers were also burnt. Numantia platform narrowly escaped being burnt. The building and platform were alight in a number of places. The railway men were unable to do anything; but an engine which happened to pass at the time, was stopped, and with the water goon put out the fire. OVER WINDSOR WAY. Great damage to property and the death of an aboriginal named Sarah Bidge, or "Old Black Sally" (who was burnt), is reported from Windsor direction. The homestead of the Pitts is Bituated about nine miles from Bichmond, on the Oomleroy-road, about a mile from the point where it branches off from the Eurrajong highway. The farm, orchard, and gardens extend over an area of about a square mile, and the dwelling-house, Burrounded by quite a little village of barns, stacks, stables, and sheds, is located at the extremity of a gracefully rounded spur of Jthe Eurrajong Range. It is fully exposed to the force of the wind from every quarter, for there is nothing that can be called bush for ever so far around. The family consisted of Mr. and Mrs. Robert Pitt, sen., their sons Robert and Henry, two daughters, a servant girl, and old Black Sally. None of the household felt much alarm until about four o'clock on Monday after noon j but about that hour, through the dense superincumbent smoke, it was seen that the fires were approaching nearer and still more near, and Sally was one of the first to call attention to the faot. The wind at this time was considerably to the north ward of west, and blowing strongly, though with nothing like the violence afterwards attained. During the night it changed to the south-west, and was then a perfect tornado, travelling, at the lowest estimate, at 60 miles at hour. The fires approached with-great rapidity, and the Pitts soon saw that no time was to be lost if they were .to save anything at all. Attempts were made to extinguish the flames, but the fire rushed onward, driven by the wind, which every moment Beemed to increase in violence until soon all the outbuildings were laid in ashes.. The family, with the friends who oame to give ready assistance, working as they never worked before, had a fearful struggle to keep the dwelling-house from the fire.' - About this time, " Old Black Sally," au aboriginal, who had lived with Mrs. Pitt and family for Borne years, and was the last of the tribe, was missed. She had been doing her utmust all along to save her benefactors' property. At once a search was made, but the fire formed such a cordon round the homestead that practically no thing could be done till daylight. Then Major 0. S. Guest and Mr. Robert Pitt, junr., went out, and in the orohard, only about 100yds. from the house, they found the corpse of " Sally." The clothiug, with the exception of a little bit of one stookingi .which was atill held to the leg by the garter, and the busk of the Btays, was entirely charred away, and the burns on the body were of such a shocking character that des cription of them is impossible. The remains were removed to the dwelling bouse, where a Coroner's inquest was held. The Messrs. Pitt's losses by the fire are estimated at £1500. Eight sheds, exclusive of the buggy house, were so utterly demolished that, were it not for the metal articles which they contained, and which are left, it would be impossible to determine their sites. Even the ashes are blown clean away. The barns contained several machines and ploughs, seven tons of wattle bark, 80 bushels of corn, a large quantity of hay, several sets of single and double harness, two ladies' and four gentlemen's saddles and"bridles, saddle bags, and every thing needed for a road equipment. In the yard there were a spring- cart, a horse dray, and a bullock waggon, the last having by it the bows and yokes for the team. All are gone, and there is no trace of them but the ironwork, bent and twisted. The detached kitchen and stack of fire wood of Mrs. Riley's residence (about a mile from Mr. Pitt's residence), were destroyed. Her son, Mr. Michael Biley, whose house is only two hundred yards away from hers, had his house and outbuildings burned to the ground. Another house, which was also entirely destroyed, was that of Mr. Thomas Johns, situated a couple of miles further along the Oomleroy-road. Mrs Harry Bottle, who lives along the same line of country, was left with MiBS Murray and a whole houseful of infants, but without any male protectors. When the fire threatened the house, theBe young ladies most courageously set fire to the grass cloia to it, and burned a black ring all round the building, as, according to Fennimore Cooper, the Indians used to do in praire fires. The flames having no further food, died out when they came to the ring*, and thus were saved not only the buildings, but in all probability the lives of the inmates. Further accounts of firea from other localities appear elsewhere. 