ATHLETIC SPORTS. AMATEUR ATHLETICS. Br IIabbier. The Association Council had a busy meeting last week, hut with Mr. C. Fleasance as chairman the j several matters were dealt with expeditiously. Mr. A. R. Broughton attended on behalf of the Met-1 hurnian Hare and Hounds, vice E. 11. Flack resigned, and there were also present Messrs. P. Sliappcre, j R. W. E, Wilmot, J. M. Joshua, T. Biake, B. J. Parkinson, and Dr. Hughe*. Correspondence and permits being disposed of, the alleged fouling by D. Miller (Ballarat) at the last championships was con eidered. There was no doubt about the offence apparently, and Miller should consider himself fortu nate in escaping with a severe reprimand and an apology for his conduot. As D. Birrell neglected his opportunities to explain why he refused to leave the arena at the Cathedral Fair sports and then broke the rules by running round with a competitor in the mile race in an eudeaVour, apparently, to assist a friend to win, be will be allowed three months' retirement from active service. There were four applications for reinstatement as amateurs, but one was withdrawn, one held orer for the applicant's personal attendance, one refused, and the only one actually granted was that of Duncan Mackenzie, who in the early < ighties won the one and five miles' Scottish cycling championships. The sub committee appointed to deal generally with the ques tion of reinstatements brought up three recommen dations, two of which were adopted, viz.:—1. That no reinstatement be granted within 12 months of the applicant's last professional performance. Exceptions to this rule may, but not necessarily will, he allowed in the case of cyclists who have never competed in a professional footrace or in the case of newly-formed clubs. 2. No person who has once been reinstated and subsequently competes professionally can be re instated a second time. Intending applicants wilt please note. After hearing evidence the complaint that \V. B. -Sheldon started from a wrong mark in the 150 yards' handicap at the recent Ball and Welch Sports wosdismissod. T. Blake's Sfimin. 18-ec. over the Oakleigh five miles cross-country course o'ri Augdst 18,1804, and J. W. Doyle's high tump of 5ft. Oin. at the Malvern Gymnastic and Athletic Club'a Sports on. November 8, 1894, were accepted as Victorian records. The latter is also the best Australasian amateur record. { The record sub- committee brought up a special re port regarding C: £. Herbert's reputed 68min. 15sec. in the last ten miles cross-country championship. There was abundance of evidence that the reported times of Herbert and all those who finished behind him were exactly one minute out, making the winner's time 59min. Iflsec. As even this was, how ever, well ahead of E. M. Wilson's previous record of 60min. 4sec., it was decided to accept it as a record for the course. I can recommend a trip with the Melbourne Ama teur Walking and Touring Club to those seeking exerci6e.of an enjoyable and not .to severe a cha racter. Indeed, except when engaged in track walk ing, the dub might be called the Melbourne Amateur Touring, Picnic, and Swimming Club, for on the occasion of its country excursions the olub billy is ^ys.n evidence, and the chance of a swim while the billy is boiling is always kept in view when se lecting a resting place for Junob or. tea. The club's latest outing was to Healesvllle, and great was tho disappointment of one member, who said be cameout specially to see a "natural"dresspicnic. The dub in swimming costume did not satisfy him. Condon's track was followed up for several miles amidst nume rous small bushfires. 8ome smart walking was done ?v?. .Wtty ksck, but the gait, when it was found mat there was a mite Mid a half to walk In 10 minutes to catch the train, would have required a «lenient judge to pan hs fair toe and heel. J. B. Molt and W. p. Briggs were first up, and their per '"cca and touching appeals prevailed on the fu?!» *«ths rest of the party. To- day the j^Jh walk from Kew (8.10 train from town) to Hddd The departure of B. H. Flack for England last «r,a y**1*5' h • considerable loss to Victorian sport. the advent of anew star hit aerviots will J* greatly intrsed by this ookttiy at the next Auatra ■Mm cbaU)Pl0,»*b}p*. As Ftack;ba* only just turned nai.'i sojourn in the did oountiy should ' 10 further improve his powers as a distance digit, «nd with a long easy stride, and onsiderably in the hands of a good JSngiisb trainer, in ri ,Bnba''<Juite expeot to bearpMflbi doing a mile hJ hi?' 308COi; before be returns. His career here 84 one,0,f mucb suooess. He has started in all anrt HI?' .F*ln^nf W firsts, five seoopds, four thirds, h p'rJt.Ki ""Pisocd, but on twoot these occasions nejMtabHshed new records. Enria^?e,b?m,Mt w- B- Sheldon. leaves for run f^1,tib"1*?',but wt" pechaHy be taaolc in time to shh\ a olub in the next cross-country charapion ciul i„ for.tirg formation of a harrier's UiBcvIfr^ . bevheld next Thursday at andw? P®1^. Albert-park. Intending members torinh!7 Wnerally areasked to attendV-The VJo °r< w- S- Jones, marriif Melhurnlan, J. H. S. Soott, are bothto be Bailov records will have to go. B. & Winn,^ & J- BrtWn nre both credited Vlthfift, ttd m0* P*?*,utter hM it is sald, in a 2l ' bbe iong jump. Boss Dore has whU^^I* mating jumped Sift Bin., andlfcls sup* vt„&? to frteatehe aubtoquentiy exoeeded practice; MioSdP keep Instead? ESS! JLftSt» have acharrosat the next 