M0ONBYNE. [By Joiin Boyle O'JIeii.ly.] BOOK FIFTH. THE VALLEY~OFTHE VA88E. VIII. THE BUSH-FIRE. The horses quivered with terror, and tried to dash wildly in the direction of the swamp. ? Hold on, for your life !' shouted Wyville to Hamerton. ' Do not leave tho road.' As they spurred onward, their eyes on tho advancing fire, their hearts Btood still one moment at a piercing sound from their rear. It was i woman's shriek — the agonized cry reached them above all the horror or the tire. Mr. Hamerton did not know what to do ; but he saw Mr. Wyville rein up, nnd ho did so also. They looked back, and a mile behind saw the two unfortu nates they had come to warn. They had strayed from the road, and the riders had passed them. The fire had ^ now closed in behind them, and was driving them forward with appalling fury, i ' For God's sake, ride on !' shouted Mr. Wvville to Hamerton, his voice barely heard in the savage roar of the conflagration. ' And yon ?' cried the other with a knitted brow. ' I am going back for these — I must go back. God bless you !' He struck his spurs into his horse, and the animal sprang to the front. But next instant he wu3 flung back on his haunche3 by Ugarra-jil, dismounted, who had seized the bridle. The bush man's eyes blazed, and his face was set in determination. ' No ! no !' he cried in his own lan guage ; ' you shall not ! you shall not ! It is death, Moondyne ! It is death !' Wyville beat forward, broke the man's grasp, speaking rapidly to him. His words moved the faithful heart deeply, and he stood aside, with raised bands of affliction, and let him ride forward. Hamerton did not follow ; but he would not try to escape. He sat in his saddle, with streaming eyes following the splendid heroism of the man he loved dearest of all in the world. It was a ride that could only be faced by audacious bravery. The hot breath of the leaping fire was moving tbe whole bush through which Wyville rode. The leaves on the trees o\erhead shrivelled and smoked, ihe cinders nnd burning brambles floated and fell on man and horse. But the rider only saw before him the human beings he meant to save. Nearer nnd nearer he drew ; aDd he shouted, as best he could, to cheer them ; but they did not hear. He saw with straining eyes the man throw up his hands and sink to the earth ; and he saw the woman, faithful to the last, bending over him, holding the wine flask to his parched lips. He saw her, too, reach out her arms, as if to shield the fallen one fiom the cruel flame that had seized them. Then she breathed the air of fire, and sank down. Next moment, Wyville leaped from his horse beside them. It was\too late. Tho woman had i fallen in front of the flame, as if to keep ' it from tho face of the man who had de served so little of her devotion ; and still the hand of the faithful dead held to his v lips the draught that might have saved ? her own life. Ono moment, with quivering face, tho 'strong man bent above her, while bis lips moved. Then ho [raised his head, and faced his own danger. -Already the fire had cut him off ; but it was only the advanced line of the con ' flagration that had reached the water. It was possible to dash back, by the edge of the stfamp. The awful peril of the moment flashed on him as he rode. The horse bounded wildly ahead ; and the skilled hand guided him for the best. But, as he flew, other scenes rose before the rider even brighter than that before him. The present was filled with horror ; but the past overtook him and swept over his heart liko a great wave of peace, A tree crashed to the earth across his path. He was forced to drive his horse into the fire to get round the obstacle. The poor animal reared and screamed, but dashed through the fire, with eyes scorched and blinded by the flame, now solely depended on tho hand of its guide. The rider felt the suffering rider's pain, and recorded it in his heart with sympathy. It was that heart's last record, and it was worthy of tho broad manhood that had graved it there. He had given his lifo for men — he could pity a dumb animal as he died. By the sido of tho swamp ho was ! stricken from the saddle by the branch of a falling treo. His body fell in the water, his head resting on the tangled rushes of the swamp. Once, before ho died, his opened eyes were raised, and lie looked above him into tho sea and forest of fire. But lie would not accept that ; but upward, with the splendid faith of his old man. hood, wont tho glazing eyes till they rested firmly on the eternal calmness of tho sky. As ho looked, there cvinie to him, liko a vision he lind once before dimly seen, a great Thought from tho deep sky, and held his soul in l'apt com munion. But tho former dimness was gone ; he saw it clearly now for one in stant, while all things wero closing peacefully in upon him. , Then tho man's head sank peacefully to its couch, the limbs stretched out for their long rest, tho strong heart stopped its labors. Ho was dead. They found his body next day, un scathed by tho fire, preserved by tho water ill which he had fallen. Reverent the tiim .vcc-Se5 oi rh-- lnish. loik-vod b;. . numerous dusky mourners, 1 Ono white man stood among the sons of the forest, but he had no claim higher than theirs. Above the dead stood the white-haired Chief Te-mana-roa, bowed in silent grief. A spearwood litter was made, and tho body placed on it. It was raised by the bushmen, who stood await ing the old chief's orders, Te-mana-roa turned to Hamerton, who alone of all the assembly belonged to tbe dead man's race. The old chief read profound grief in his face, and drew closer to him. ' This man belonged to us,' he said, laying his dark finger on the wide brow of the dead ; ' he was true to my peopl'.;: and they understood and loved him better than his own. Wo shall bury him in the Vasse.' The litter-bearers moved slowly for ward, tho old chief took his place behind the dead, and the bushmen followed with trailed spears in sad procession, Hamerton's heart went strongly with the mourners, but he could not question their right. Two strange spearmen stood near him, to guide him safely through the bush. The faithful Ngarra jill was gone, to mourn by the lonely grave of Moondyne. The End. 