FRIDAY. Before the Police Magistrate and Mr. Meyer. RIOTOUS CONDUCT. James Summergreene (twenty) pleaded guilty to the above. ASSAULTING A CONSTABLE. The same defendant was also charged with assaulting Constable Gandy in the execution of his duty. Accused pleaded not guilty. Constable Gaudy deposed that when in the cell at the Iockup defendant asked for some cigarettes which had been taken from him these were refused, whereupon he began banging the door of the cell; witness went into the cell to expostulate with him, when defendant struck him in the face and knocked one of his teeth out. Accused, a dealer, deposed that when locked up on the previous evening some cigarettes were taken from him; he asked Constable Gandy for them; Gandy replied that he would not give them to him and that if he did not keep quiet he would knock his \- head against the wall; witness said, "will you?" Gandy then rushed at witness and kicked him twice in the stomach; witness then retaliated and struck Gandy in the face; Gandy then went away, but afterwards re turned in company with his son and armed with a baton ; witness picked up a water-can and said he would hit him with it if he struck him with the baton; witness had previously been three times before the Goulburn bench and once in Sydney; the marks on his face were received in Auburn-street. Defendant was convicted on both charges. For the first he received seven days' imprison ment and for the latter fourteen days. CARELESS USE OF FIRE. John Blake was charged with having burned a trail round a fence at Jacqua, near Bungonia, whereby the Jacqua public school was burned to the ground, Mr. Betts appeared for defend ant, who pleaded not guilty. Constable Hahesy, stationed at Bungonia, deposed: on the 10th instant he saw defen dant with reference to a bush-fire that oc curred at Jacqua; witness said,"I believe you burnt a trail round your fence ;" defen dant replied, "I did, there is no denying that;" witness said, " where did you burn it." defendant replied, "on the crown lands;" witness asked if the public school were not on the crown lands, to which defendant replied that it was; witness asked him if he had given notice to his neighbors ; he replied, "only to my father;" witness asked him if there were not a fire there on Wednesday; he replied, "yes, there were some logs burning; I left Ned Armitt to look after it, as I was going to Goulburn; I was surprised when I came back to see the logs burning, and still more sur prised to hear the school was burned down." Edward Armitt, residing near Bungonia, deposed that he remembered Blake setting fire to some grass about a month ago near his stud fence, adjoining which were crown lands ; the Jacqua school was built on the crown lands; witness assisted defendant in burning the grass and in beating it out; that was on Tuesday; a tree which had caught alight from the grass was left burning: on Wednesday night defendant asked witness to give an eye to the tree; next morning witness visited the spot.; there was then no grass burning, and defendant did not put out the tree ; later in the day witness observed the bush to be on fire. At this stage the Police Magistrate said he did not think they were right in adjudicating in this case. An inquiry should have been held as to the origin of the fire. They might fine defendant £10 and then the coroner's jury might say that the origin of the fire was no fault of defendant's. If on the other hand it were found that the fire originated through any fault of defendant's then the government could sue him for the amount of damages sustained. It appeared to him a case of the cart before the horse. He ad vised Mr. Betts to have it adjourned. How- ever he would hear the present witness. Witness continuing: A strong wind was blowing in the direction of the school from the tree; the trail was from thirty to thirty five chains in length and about ten yards in width; witness did not see defendant on the day the school was burned; the grass was burning about two hundred yards from the tree; witness could not say how near the fire was to the school. To Mr. Betts: Witness and defendant were burning the trail to protest defendant's fence; he was unable to say whether the fire could have spread from the tree to the schoolhouse, On the suggestion of the Police Magistrate the charge was altered to the lesser one of leaving a fire before it was properly ex tinguished. To this defendant pleaded guilty. Fined 40/- and 5/6 costs. Susan Stedfut was charged with leaving a fire in the open air before it was properly extinguished. Mr. Davidson for defendant, who pleaded not guilty. Constable Hahesy deposed tht he went to Mrs. Stedfut's in company with Mr. Britton; witness said to defendant, "how about this fire?" she replied," I was packing and burning off for Mr. Croker; I had a good amount of dead-wood packed, and after tea on the 22nd October I set fire to it; I watched it till half past nine, when I left it; there were then only a few coals burning;" witness said, "did you see any fire on Wed nesday?" she replied that she did not notice any, but that on Thursday there was a tree on fire that she had packed the dead wood against; the tree was hollow, and the high wind blow the fire to the grass; witness sent for assistance, but before it came the fire had caught the scrub and was burning Mr. Britton's paddock. To Mr. Davidson ; It was Mr. Britton's pro perty that the complaint was made about. To Sub-inspector Fenton: Witness told defendant that Mr. Britton had complained, and she said was very sorry; there were thirty or forty acres of grass burned. Henry Britton, farmer of Windellama, de posed to his grass being burned on 24th October; witness saw defendant and said to her, "that was a good fire you sent me down;" she replied, " yes, it was; I would not have had it happen for anything;" she said she would not have made a fire on a day like that only Mr. Croker authorised her to do so; she stated that she had lit some timber on Tuesday night and left it about half-past nine, when there were only coals burning and no blaze; she said she saw no fire on Wednesday, but that on Thursday morning the wind blew up and a fire started at the tree where she had packed the wood, and when the flames reached the top of the tree the wind blow it into some grass close by; she said she tried to put it out, but couldn't, and it spread from Mr. Croker's paddock into witness's, no one else was burn ing off at the time; witness had some diffi culty in extinguishing the fire. To Mr. Davidson: He did not wish to press the charge, as defendant had done all she could to keep the fire under; the blame was attached to Croker in authorising her to burn off at that time at night. Convicted and fined 5/- and 5/6 costs. The Police Magistrate remarked that people should not indulge in burning off this dry and bois terous weather. 