NEWS OF THE DAY. Several Rosedale bee farmers are arranging to send hooey to London this season. The Speaker (London) is of opinion that George Giffen is Che finest all round cricketer now living. Destructive bnshfires hove occurred at Willuog and Merriman’s, Creek, near Rose dale; The public water supply at Parkea (N.S.W.) has given out in consequence of the prolonged dry weather. The trait harvest at Tatura has this year been a most successful one. Grape picking is general just now. A Ministerial and Parliamentary party left Adelaide yesterday morning on a week’s trip to the village settlements on the Murray., The vintage of the Tabilk and Nagambie district will be in full awing after this week. The yields in moat of tbs vineyards will be up to the average, Apollo Bay reports that the ketch Sea bird. which sailed from there for Melbourne on Friday, was a total wreck off Patten, but that the crew has been saved. At Big Bill, Bendigo, on Saturday, George Buchanan, cab driver, waa taking a horae to water, -when'it kicked him, causing a compound fracture of the jaw. A branch of the Australian Natives’ As sociation was opened at Heatbcate on Satur day night by Mr Kirton, M.L.A., vice president.of the board of directors. At the Cooogulmerang (Gippsland) police court, on Saturday, a boy named Cowell has been fined £3, with £2 2s coats, for pouring kerosene over a dog and then setting fire to it. The owners of the R.M.S. Oroya, now ashore in the Bay of Naples, entertain a hope of being able to save the vessel after she is completely unloaded. The “butty-gang” system has been found to work exceedingly well in the construction of railways, which cost less than and are just as well built as under the old system. Arrangements are being made by the New South Wales Government to forward to the Inns of Court hotel, London, a sample con signment of Australian wines. About ISO applications have been received under the New Zealand Advances to Settlers Act, and the Lending Board on Saturday granted loans amounting to £60,000. It is understood that Mr Bruford, the secretary of the Tariff Board, will be ap pointed Government Statist on the retire ment of Mr H. H. Haytcr at the end of tbia month. Bis Holiness Pope Leo the Thirteenth has expressed strong disapproval of the persecu tion to which the Jews are subjected in several European countries, and of the anti- Semitic movement generally. In the opinion of Dr Gresswell, there is now little risk of small-pox spreading through the medium of those persona who came into contact with Mrs King before she waa taken to the Melbourne Hospital. ' An Imperial league is being formed for the purpose of arranging a system of mutual trade relations between Great Bri tain and the colonies. The movement is supported by a number of prominent men. The quality of the Australian bacon shipped to London by the Himalaya, is highly spoken of by experts in the trade, who state that it is equal to the best Limerick (Irish) article, Mrs Davenport, a widow, and an old resident of Maoartbur, died on Friday night from the effects of arsenic, self adminis tered, Financial difficulties were the cause. Deceased said she was tired of worry and took poison. ' The storekeepers at Mount Lyell (Tas mania) have intimated to the Government that they refuse to supply men on Govern ment works with stores without a Govern ment guarantee, owing to the way they have been victimised. ' A man named Jack Hassell, aged about 35 years, supposed to have come from Ararat, was drowned in the Wimmera River, close to Jeparit on Saturday evening. He went bathing in 6 feet of water while very.; drunk, A little boy named Charles F. Duke, 10 years of age, was on Saturday drowned in an abandoned clay-hole at Oakleigh. De ceased went' with a companion to secure a board to swim a dog on, and fell in, and being unable to swim, sank. Owing to numerous departmental errors made in connection with the Tasmanian in come tax schedules, there is a general hazi ness as to what the coiiimbsioncrs really re quire, and two deputations will wait on the Treasurer during tho coming week on the subject. On Friday night a flock of sheep that had strayed on to the railway line between Waaia and Nathalie, through the rotting <f a wire on the railway fence, were run into by the train. Fifty of the poor brutes were killed outright, and a number of others had to be destroyed. It occupied the engineer and fireman for some time in clearing the line from tho remains. Mr D. Charlston, of the East Melbourne Bicycle Club, on Saturday covered the dis tance between Warrnanibonl and Melbourne —169 miles—in 12 hours 48 minutes, in cluding stoppages. There has hitherto been no authentic record for the journey, bnt amongst wheelmen it was understood that 16 hours had never previously been “broken.” A daring robbery has been committed on Mr A. Cameron’s property, near Gray town. The wire fence dividing a portion of bia station property was ent, and the five wires taken out of the fence for a distance of over a mile. Tracks of horses being used to pall the wire out are visible. The engineer of roads and bridges in New South Wales is of opinion that the proposed embankment on the Victorian side of the Murray at Turcumwal, to reclaim for village settlement purposes a quantity of land now liable to inundation in flood time will not prejudicially affect residents on the New South Wales side of the river. A shockingly cold blooded juvenile crime is reported at Beitz, in Saxony. Four boys, all of whom are under 17 years of age, de- • liberately strangled while asleep two other boys who were prisoners with them in a re formatory, forthe purpose of securing more accommodation and greater comfort in their joint cell. The juvenile murderers have been sentenced to terms of imprisonment ranging from 15, 12 and 4 years severally. It is understood that some very important points will be reserved in the Win. Mansnn kidnapping cases, which commenced in the- Queensland Supreme Court yesterday, and tne Crown has therefore retained all tha legal assistance necessary. The Attorney- General will prosecute. A woman named Mary Dwyer, who was journeying from Strathdownie to Portland to consult a doctor, on Saturday evening, whilst her husband’s attention was directed to a, child, jumped from the window of the car riage. An alarm was raised and the train was speedily brought to a standstill, when it was found that the woman, who was oE weak intellect, had escaped unhurt. Lord Brassey, the Governor-designate of Victoria, has given a notice in the House of Lords of a motion raising the questions of the manning of the British navy and the con dition of the naval reserves. Many bush-fires have recently occurred in the Bengwarden (Gippsland) district, and a great deal of grass and fencing has been con sumed, through the carelessness of selectors in burning off. 