SOME REMARIKS ON EIGHT DAYS IN VICTORIA. NOTES BY THE WAY.-II. BALLAIIAT. Oa Tuesday morning I again resumed my tour us itr as Ballarat, armed with an introductiou to Mr. Niven, president of the Chamber of Manufac tares, who, reading my introductory letter, said he would be most happy to show me round. lie then got out of his own barouche, and at once as a tour of pleasure drove me out to and around the fine artificial lake, which is something over three miles in cir cumference, in which there are plenty of fish, with liberty granted to the in habitants to do what they like with the book, in following the pleasure of Isu?a Walton. There are also plenty of boats, yachts, and steamships for the amusement and pleasure of those who wish to indulge in such, and the lake is all planted round with evergreen trees, with plenty of seats, so that it is really a place of pleasure. On the opposite side of the road are the gardens, which are lovely, and the statuary here is only to be seen never to be forgotten. I will not occupy your space with a descrip tion, out would suggest to anyone visiting Victoria that they should not neglect visiting the sights of Ballarat. Here, as at other places, I was most courteously entertained, being made honorary member of both the Ballarat and Old Colonist clubs. Mr. Niven, my guide, showed me all over his premises, which are very extensive, and the work tuined out at this estab lishment is Al ; indeed, I have no hesitation in saying that when his work was placed alongside of some English work of the same class the local work carried off the palm. Mr. Niven is a staunch freetrader, and would not care if the policy of Victoria were freetrado to-morrow; but, like all others, he seems to think that federation is the only thing that will bring about a proper state of progress and pros perity for Victoria. Anyone who has any doubts of these facts has only to send for a copy of Mr. Niven's work, published under the patronage of the government, entitled " Victoria and Its Resources." I next visited the PhLonix Foundry works, and it is really a pity to see such line works practically idle. They have just got tan order for two engines, which will keep them going for a short time; but the information supplied is that when in full work they employ 500 hands, while at present about fifty is the number. The manager also advo cated federation with intercolonial freotrado as the only likely remedy for the present state of affairs. Very many others also intimated to me it was the only remedy in their opinidn out of the depression. The Hon. T. Wanlass M.L.C. was to have taken me in hand on the following morning to show me round to other places; but when he called I had to ask him to excuse me, as I felt so unwell that 1 proposed to return by the mail train to Melbourne, so that were I laid up I would be near rela tions. I therefore returned to Mel bourne by another route, which is worth recording. In going to Ballarat I went via Geelong, and the first striking eight worth looking at was the Moorabi Valley. The eight here was very intesesting, as away up and down this valley are patches of beauti fully cultivated lands, and the undu lating sort of country is charming. Alter passing tuat the country became more like N. S. Wales country -undulating ridges, with timbered portoins, and very unlike the land passed through between Melbourne and Geelong. But my return to the city was by the Bacchus Marsh route, and hero I must be more particular for the benefit of our farmers. Indeed, if it were possible for them to have a run between Ballarat and Melbourne it would open their eyes. True, they have splendid land; but they do not stick to the eternal crop, wheat, as is the custom in New South Wales. On leaving, one of the most striking sights is to see a large portion of Mount Buninyong cleared and cultivated, and on as far as Gordon on both sides of the line are to be een very large paddocks of potatoes. These are grown very largely, and not only on good flats, but up the sides of what may be termed mountains. Personally although I have had some experience in farming, I admit I an at a loss to know how they managed the horses or bullocks and plough, for as already stated, not only on the sides, but the tops of these mountains are cultivated, and splen did crops of potatoeos grow on them. It really delights the eye and causes on to exclaim, these growers deserves success. I could hardly have credited the statement bad I been told instead of seeing for myself, and would not wonder should some of your readers say, that must be taken with a grain of salt. Now what I have to say to our settlers is, if they were to do as I have done-see for themselves -it would be an object-lesson, for besides the large crops of potatoes growing, very large crops of peas, beans, turnips, and hay as well as wheat, is grown. In some of the pad docks they were busy threshing the peas, while at other places they were stacked. In other paddocks I could see sheaves of other grain ; but were our settlers to go in for dairying and grow the crops mentioned above and not be so dependent on wheat alone they would not have such reason to complain that they not only get a low price for their produce, but that the return is so small. Rotation of crops as practised in the part just described would help the land as well as the owner of the same. As we proceed between Ballan and Rowley it is in some places somewhat rough, more like scme of the rough Noew South Waloes country than anywhere I have yet been; but it is splen did grazing country and occu pied by large lauded proprietors. Proceeding onwards we get into open country again and see beautiful un dulating hills with a large settled plain in the distance. This I found out afterwards to be Bacchus Marsh: and in the still greater distance, as far as the eye could reach, were to be een t ree covered ranges with two very largo bush-fires. This with the thermometer recording 98 deg. in the Sabde was enough to make one think that it was warm enough for anything. As we proceeded to Bacchus Marsh the r:ilway line takes a very great bhead in the shape of a horseshoe, and on the Bacchus Marsh side the plece we had come round was about three. quarters of a mile across. After pass ing 3acchua Marsh all the way to Melbourne it is splendid open laud. Fine flat country, but un fortunately like the Geelong side, the stones are scattered all over the land, and where we find cul tivation paddocks it is where the people have cleared it and erected dykes or walls with the stones, as well as ends and sometimes sides of out. houses with the same. On much of this land there wae grass from twelve to eighteen inches high, and any cattle seen were in splendid condition. Re garding the roads, any that could be seen from the railway line were in better repair than most of our roads, and many of them ran on both sides, while a large number crossed the line. When we reached Baybrook Junction we might consider we were within the suburbe of Melbourne. Here and there were very large agricultural farming implement factories, as well as engineering establishments. I for got to mention before that along the line from Ballarat to Gordon are several steam chafi-cutters, so that much of the hay must be cut up here and sent on to either Ballarat or Melbourne. BENDIGO. I left by the early morning train for Bondigo armed with an introduc tion as before to Mr. Jacob Cohen, ox-mayor, who received me cordially, and at once volunteered to show me over the lions of Bendigo, as well as to supply me with all the information in his power, so that the object of my visit might be attained. He first in troduced me to Dr. Quick, who is well known all over the colonies for his enthusiasm in the cause of federation. I found out from him that protection is on the wane. No one is so rabid on protection now as they used to be, and many are becoming frootraders ; but certainly all are federationists to the backbone. He thinks the scheme of the premiers at Hobart the one that should be adopted for the election of the convention, and he trusts that we of New South Wales will lose no time in hastening on the matter. Mr. Cohen then drove me to the municipal chambers where the mayor and councillors were holding their usual meeting. He introduced to the mayor, and that gentleman in troduced me to each of the others separately, all of whom gave me a cordial welcome to Bendigo. After a long chat on several political questions they all agreed that federation was the question, and they expressed a hope that our parliament would lose no time in taking the matter up and carrying it to a successful issue, when they were satisfied the other colonies would soon follow in our footsteps. After a prolonged and very eatisfac tory interview to all concerned, we left, and then visited the picture gallery, Masonic Hall, Bendigo Club, distillery, and several other fine public buildings; also the very fine artificial lake, and the reclaimed gold diggings, now converted in to gardens, which are in a flourishing condition. Mr. Cohen then drove me along amongst the mines as far as Enaglehawk, where we saw the machinery at work. It is really surprising the enormous quan tity of stuff left after the gold has been extracted, and the quantity of gold got at Bondigo since tho beginning in 1851 is valued at £75,000,000. To show how successful those diggings have been I may give the returns of a few: -The Garden Gully United Com pany: This company has expanded about £22,000 and paid in dividends about £910,000, and has a plant worth £10,000. The Great Extended Hust ler's Company has also expended about £46,000 and paid in dividends about £600,000. The United Devon shire Company's called - up capital amounts to about £22,000, and they have paid in dividends about £220,000. These are only a few to give an idea what has been done there. Bendigo at present depends nearly wholly on its mining, but other industries are spring ing up. They have also very fuine public gardens, which are a delight, especially in snob hot weather as it was when I was in Boendigo. With regard to the town itself I am able to repeat as I have done about the other places visited, viz., the cry is for federation. In proceeding to Bendigo, I went up by the Sunbury and Kyneton route. Up to the station known as Diggers' Rest the land is very much like what I have described as Victorian country, viz., fine and flat, or gently undu lating with the hard granite or whin. stone boulders all over it, and many paddocks are fenced by the stone dykes. There must be hundreds of miles of this kind of fences. Just immediately beyond this, we pass the fine residence and through the estate of Sir William Clarke. From Mace don to very near Woodond it is grazing timber land much like our country in Now South Wales, with portions of it somewhat rough. From the latter place to Taradalo there is a good lot of cultivation land. In deed the sheaves and stooks of oats were still in the paddocks. At Malms bury we get a very good view of the water reservoir that supplies Bendigo, which is distant by the route the water is taken about seventy miles. We also pass through two fairishly long tunnels on this line. There has been some heavy work on this line, and it coat about £4,000,000, or about £40,000 per mile. On my return to Melbourne from Bendigo I went by the Kilmore route, so as to catch the Sydney express at Wallen. From Bondigo to Moranding it is all bush country, like what I call Now South Wales country--very good grazing land; and from the latter to Kilmore it is more cultivation land. That was the only place in my travels over the Victorian lines that I saw bunny, and there were a good many here. At Kilmore several cases of them prepared for the Melbourne market were loaded, to be ultimately exported. I have only to add that during the time I was in Victoria I eaw much and learned some, which I trust I will be able to use for the benefit of all con cerned. Believing that people can do much more in making converts if they use argument decided on from per sonal experience and observation I undertook the journey to eeo if I might gain some knowledge that I might use in my position as one of the legislators when the time comes that the questions now before the public will be discussed in our As sembly. I cannot, however, finish without giving credit to whom credit is due, viz., to the whole of the residents of Victoria I came in contact with, and especially to those gentlemen to whom I had letters of introduction. Al though an entire stranger in a strange land I was met and treated with the greatest hospitality and in the most friendly spirit by all. I shall not soon forget the many friends I have made in Victoria during my trip seeking for information, which I am happy to say has been afforded me. 