THE WEATHER. Terrible winds and bush fires have, during the last eight days, added to tbe trials which our fruitgrowers and farmers have had to en dure. From Thornleigh to Smithfield and Fairfield, from Bankstown to Galston, comes the same old tale of gallant yoemen well nigh crashed with these new troubles. . Our Thornleigh correspondent writes, under date the 26th inst., stating that the wind was something very bad on Sunday, and nearly as trying on Monday. The orange trees looked as though they had been beaten, and the fruit lay on the ground incasesful. From our Baulkham Hills sentinel a like story comes— of trees denuded of leaves and fruit. Bush fires raged at Toongabbie; and on Tuesday night the flames, leaping up on the Hills to the north, , formed a terribly wierd but striking sight. At Finlayson's slaughter-yard, to tbe south-west of Parramatta, the fire destroyed a good deal of fencing on Sunday ; and an old man camp ing near the spot had a narrow escape. Having i a mind to ' settle' in the place, as it were, he had cut bushes to protect his tent from the ; wind and his body from the frost. The fire got on to his camp before he had time to look, and all bis belongings were burned. From : out Guildford way the fire swept across Duck River, and right up to Auburn ; and men 1 fought it there nearly all day. Our Toon gabbie correspondent thus describes the ex periences of the growers out his way : — On Sunday morning last, Toongabbie was in a state of great commotion as a most terrible bush-fire made its appearance here, coming through Mr. E. Pearce's bush at a great rate and at tbe height of the tallest trees, Mr. H. Johnston, who has his cows running in Mr. Pearce's bush, had scarcely time to get them out before the fire overtook them, the strong wind driving the fire across the road into Mr. Oakes' hill paddock. It rushed towards his homestead, when he and his men, with some of the neighbours, set to work to get it under. A number of Chinamen from Kong Hop's garden also did good service in saving the , fence with their watering- cans, there being plenty of water near. However, the file broke out again later in the day, but it was again stopped, and some of the men watched through the night. 