ECHOES FROM THE BACKBLOCKS. (FROM THE FREEMAN) Having been engaged in gathering in — harvesting would be scarcely an appropriate term— the scanty crop the ferve ut Occidental sun and aridity permit ted to groWt l uust Jbe my excuse, if such be neces sary, for my tft mporary absence from your list o contributors. V m'ght almost have made another excuse which, -Jf it had been advanced by Mark Twain, would probably be considered ex'tfei^ely humorous, if not remarkably witty, ' viz , that the' intense heat dried -my ink into powder, and so soft ened my pen that it proved useless for caligraphic purposes.'€t has been hot. Your readers may doubt less recollect, the stqry of Rockhampton. (No re fiedtiptt on Ned' Macken.) It ia to the effect that a denizen di ifcdi City' of ' Stnf,- Sweat, and ddrrow ' died, and went, of *cb$rtf£,J .wlxere* all departed resi dents of that sultry place al-frfyY'go'-~to'fche' wstrrttest corner of Hades. Anxious to knoit1 htoV1)' he' fa're'd m the dominions of Ancient Nicholns., cdirM^ni'ca tion was, by some means, established with him by' his friends. With a view to their own future, they first inquired what the climate was like. He replied by asking them to send him a pair of double blan kets and an^opossUm-ru'g as he was perishing from the awful cold.. Rockhampton, 1 ?fe'ra-6wk, is a de liciously cool place compared to this. Shearing operations, except in a few ,{sottft£d instances, are completed. In the instances in ques tion, the sheep— that is what remained of them — were too weak to travel to the shearing-sheds, and, ;n some instances, there will be a aecond shearing of ess duration. On sbrtte runs perub has been cut for feed. This, although it will Undoubtedly maintain life ill the a'nirnals, will not terid to keep them in remarkably good Condition, of improve the quality of the \yo61 dr the miitton; However,- it gives eni p'idyment td marijr who wchild otherwise be ' swag ging it' over the desiccated plaiiis.- On some stations on the Darling River I am told tHa'fe a number of sheep were shorn in bough-sheds on tho' buck parts of the holdings, it having been found impossible to drive them to the woolsheds. On one station, I am informed, several thousand sheep were killed and skinned, this being considered the best way to get the wool. What a splendid opportunity the low state or the Darling affords for constructing locks on it. In many places the big stream is fordable on foot, and the work of constructing weirs would be compara tively easy of accomplishment. Of course, I am aware of what is being done at Bourke, but my remarks apply to the lower river. By locking the Darling, three important ends could be secured, \\\%., the river nould be made permanently navigable'j ail irflinerise amount of water Could be stored when the fi-iods come down, arid a large amount of Work, advantageous to the community, could be' given1 to the Unemployed. Besides, by locking the Darling, an immense quantity of water could be' sent out on to the plains forming lakes of considerable area and depth. The advantages of this can scarcely be over-estimated, and when the time comes for that part of the country to be settled it would be the means of attracting a large number of small settlers, and maintaining them in a state of prosperity. The Government could make no better investment than expending the money necessary to lock the Darling,- and Con serve the noodwaters of that stream, which now flow uselessly into the sea. Although the drought which we have suffered from has not be so protracted as previous visitations of the kind, it has, in many respects, proved more disastrous. The numerous bush fires which took place last year when the grass was long and dry were a source of great loss to the pastoralists. After a bush-fire in the dry country of the west the pasturage takes some time to recover, chiefly because the seed and the roots as well as the grass itself are destroyed. In ordinary seasons the old grass protects the young spring pasturage from the scorching sun until it grows strong and vigorous. Such is not the case when a clean sweep is made such as has been the case of late. Care should therefore be taken in burning off, and operations of me luna snouia not oe unaertaiteji except unaer tne supervision of experienced bushmen. Inexperienced men burning ofi very often jeopardize fencep, &c.; Bush-fires, it may be mentioned, usually occur in summer-time when the grass seed is strewn about on the ground only awaiting the first shower to germinate. These seeds are, of course, destroyed, the consequences being that when the rain does fall instead of there being a luxuriant growth of corkscrew, silver, or barley grass, there is a crop of soft, bulbous herbage good enough while it lasts, but it only lasts a few weeks. It soon gets dried up, and is then wafted to the four winds of heaven, leaving nothing but brown dust to mark where it once flourished. Then the plains become nothing but a Sahara. Such has been the result of the recent drought. During these periodical visitations about the only source of amusement left to the. dwellers in the desolated regions is the perusal of letters written to the metropolitan press by sundry wiseacres. The goneys who pen the puerile notions and arrant nonsense alluded to resemble the Laputan philoso pher who undertook to extract sunbeams from cucumbers. Others contribute to the vast ma^s of senseless rhodomontade, which appear in the Press aforesaid. Theseare inspectors and agents for the banks and mortgage companies, who meander around arrayed in duck pants or ;i new woman' knicker bockers, with their hair parted with mathematical accuracy in the centre. (Mr. John Flanagan will tes tify to the correctness of this.) These pumpkin headed parties also write to papers proving conclu sively — to themselves, at any rater— that the whole of the droughts with their consequent disasters arise from their diabolical machinations of Mr. Arthur Rae and Mr. 'W. G. Spence, of the Australian Workers' Union. Dunlop, one of the largest stations on the Darl ing River, was compelled to discontinue using the machines, and to put on hand-shearers. They are shearing here, I am told, in bough-sheds, it having been found impossible to drive the sheep to the woolshed. Killara, the home for many years of Mr. David Brown, formerly of Mossgiel, has ' cut out;' 108,000 sheep were shorn, and the shed was ' rung' by an Hibernian named Denny Noonan. To your metropolitan readers 'ringing' a shed may seem a , small matter, but out west the 'ringer' of a big shed is an individual to be envied. It may be r.tated that in a crowd of oij.ccnuj.3 lub niigei is a more ULSuinguisneo. party than a victorious general, a successful 'diplomatist/a renowned statesman, a bomb-proof Emperor, or even Premier Reid. He is a man to be approached with reverence and deferentially 'shouted' fcr. Ah, well, all lines of life have their ambitions, and it is surely a laudable aspiration to be the best among one's fellows. The shed 'ringer,' then, is a hero, and, to tell the truth, generalh- wears his laurels modestly. Denny Noonan barberecl as many as 190 jumbucks in eight hours. Another high tally was made at MenaMurtee, where a young South Austra lian named Allan Cameron denuded 208 sheep of their fleecy coverings in the day of eight hour-. The losses on some of the stations are very hea.vy this year, ranging from 15 to 40 per cent, Tiie crops, too, were Very light in many pla.c§a, aM most far -western cockiies-.had to cut them for hay. Farmers in parts of the country where Jupiter Pluv'it&'h'as'been more kind fthan he has been out back, should malfe a' fair recovery this year,. I fancy, Itt is about time they' got something in return for theis industry, enterprise, a/n'd patience. The quality of the wool i» said.1 to be good, though light. Those who fed their aheep' in felled mulgai and scrub will undoubtedly reap* the reward of their enterprise and forethought. The skies are indicative of more rain. Since the drought broke up there hate. been two falls of rain. During the second* fall two' inches and thirty points were regirteredn wifhSm 20* miles of Cobar, and about 1-30 inches in the; Copper City itself. The downfall was, however, rather patchy, but ehe residents on the banks of the pellucid Bogan had. a good ' spill '—some three inches having come down in parts of that district. There is a good spring in the grass between Sandy Greek and Cobar, partcularly around my esteemed ffjefiid Mr. Sallaway's widely-known Caravanserai. Mr. SrilSaway is, by the way, the luckiest of back block piontfersv Whenever there is a vagranfc thunderstorm lYandering about the Western skies it is sure to drop at €he Double Gates. This has been specially noticeable since Mr. Copeland and the ' Keystone' visited the locality, when ancient friendships were renewed and more firmly cemented y strengthened waters leading to a road being cleared in the vicinity after it had been viewed askance and emphatically reported against by the red-tape representatives of the Do- Nothing Depart ment. To show that this work was urgently re qUired, Mr. Cummins, one of the ablest and most energetic officers' of the Public Works Department, is continuing the1 wotfk of clearing for a further dis tance of some 16 miles* The road from Sandy Creek to Paddington woolshed badly requires attention. Itt is at present meiely a bush-ti'acfk. Parts of it, how ever, have been partially cleared, aSter a fashion, by the teamsters' waggons colliding against the trees and scrub, knocking the same down, jeopardizing their loading, and perilling their immortal souls by the remarks they feel compelled to pass when their waggons and the trees come in contact. There is a. large amount of traffic on the portion of the road re ferred to, and the Government derives a consider able amount of revenue from the district it traverses' ? Your correspondent has been fighting for the clepr ing of this road in the Cobar Herald for a long time pist. The Government seems to dritble out miser able little yearly amounts on this important road as if it Were doling out alms to paupers. It is no wonder that your travelling correspon dent ' Killeevy' is fast becoming a 'rebel,' and that your ' Wagga Wagga' contributor is kicking; over the trace3# if they lived out here and saw the results of Governmental action, or rather apathy, the chances are that they would become red-hot Anarchists. The minine industry has, like; many other pur sues, been greatly retarded by the late drought. Now, however, it seems to have made a fresh start, and there are signs that many of the friends of the Fkeeman will come out 'on top,' as they say ini Paris, Drysdale, Nymagee, and other centres of in tellectual culture/ The Drysdale and Eldorado mines are as good as ever. The parcel of stone front the former which was recently sent to Queensland to be treated yielded, I am informed, the splendid, return of sixty -four ounces of gold to the ton, Mr. W. J. Hogan, the principal shareholder in these: mines, and one of the 'livest' businessmen out west nas completed the erection of up-to-date: machinery, which is sure to boom matters once more, and to infuse new lite into the embryo golden city, which is situated some 27 miles from Cobar. tiugunnia is likewise looking up. Mr. vvail visitea this field recently, and is said to have been favour ably impressed, not only with the permanency of the field, but with the richness of stone at grass. Mr. Wall is a 'solid' financier and honourable speculator, whose proposed assistance to many pos sessing good shows, but lacking the necessary capi tal to erect machinery — which latter is absolutely necessary to develop- the field, .and the absence of which is a great drawback to the place at present — ? must prove of immense value. Jack Conley and party have, I am told, struck something good at the Peak, somefour miles from Cobar, near the Hillston-road. The discovery was for a time 'kept dark,' but my friend, Dan Mul- vay, told me that it is a good thing, and will pro bably go 13oz to the ton. The Wheel of Fortune, from present indications, also points to the conclu- sion that many other ' Holy Romans' are about to* "make a rise." Many readers of the Freeman will, I am sure, agree with me that it is about time that the poor Catholics had a turn for the better, pro vided, as the \ ery Rev. P. Dunne, of Albury, would probably pay, such prosperity did not turn their heads or interfere with the salvation o* their soule. These signs of prosperity will. I am sure, be received as ' glad tidings' by our good pastor, the Rev. Father O'Connell, who is, I hear, most anxious to wipe off the debt which has an octupus grip of the local church and convent. I may here observe that the Rev. Fathers O'Con nell and Keegan engineered a very successful con cert in Cobar for the reduction of the church debt a couple of weeks ago. A goodly number of ad» assorted coino of the realm were raked in, in ex change for which those who attended were treated to songs, recitations, and instrumental music by a number of the leading ladies and gentlemen of talent resident in the copper city and, its 'suburbs.' The only Padula and his harp, were, of course, there. Mr. and Miss Blakey played a. number of rairable instrumental selections ; and ' Peggy's' old heroine, the popular and accomplished Miss Hogan, alBo contributed to theenjoymentof the evening. The aiiair panned out about .£26, and likewise smoothed many furrows on a local banker's classic brow. Excuse me for taking up so much of your space,, but as a pupil of 'Phelim O'FlanaganV— as I mentioned before — I have the 'consate' to fancy that I have passed my probation on the Fkeeman's Journal without altogether collapsing. I propose to contribute to your Christmas number something which your numerous patrons will, I think, read, if they do not ponder over, and raiike sundry remarks thereanent. , It will, at any rate, uphold the tradi tions of my old Irish pedagogue, and, although it it may not 'be classic, it will certainly be 'racy of the soil.' In my remarks relating to inspectors and agents writing to the'metropolitan press regarding the back country, I wish to say— though it is hardly neces sary—that they do not apply to Mr. Armstrong, of the Union Mortgage and' Agency Company. That gentleman is thoroughly conversant with pastoral pursuits, and is admittedly highly qualified for the responsible position he occupies. But, then, Mr. Armstrong is one in a hundred, yours truly, JOHN DWYER-AGLAUNA. 