DROUGHT AND BUSH FIRES. NEW SOUTH WALES DEVAS TATED. Sydney, September 8. The drought, accompanied by hot winds and bush fires, still continues. Some of the country townships are not yet out of danger from destruction by flames, as this afternoon a fire broke out in the shrubbery of a house at Glebe Point, within a few minutes' walk of the city. With the aid of the fire brigade it was subdued before it had a chance of spreading to any of the villas in that suburb. Reports from the south coast dairy districts state that large numbers of cattle are perishing in the bogs, to which their thirst drives them, the poor beasts, weak from starvation, being unable to extricate themselves from the mud. Coming down the coast from Brisbane H.M.S. Orlando, which arrived here on Saturday, was very much troubled by the dense smoke from tl-e bushfires. ' It was as bad,' said one of the officers, ** as a fog in the English Channel at night ; it was impossible to see the lighthouse, and in the daytime it waa equally out of the question to distinguish the coastline.' Sydney, September 9. The drought still continues throughout the colony. To-day in the coastal districts it was hot and stormy. In Sydney the atmosphere was so obscured by smoke from countless bush fires that only a dull reddish light came from the sun. The atmosphere was most oppressive. Incoming ships report having the greatest difficulty in sighting either by day or night the entrance to Port Jackson. A steamer which had broken down and required assistance could not be discerned, although only a couple of miles off, cwins: to the smoky state of the air. The Government Astronomer states that there is not as yet the slightest sign of rain anywhere. On the Blue Moun tains bush fires are raging iu every direction, destroying fencing, burning sleepers on the railway lino, and threatening homesteads. Dante's Glen, one of the sights of tho moun tain health resorts, has beeu completely ruined by fires. At Mount Victoria a boarding-house was burnt to ashes in a few minutes. Strenuous efforts are being made to save this and many other towns from total destruction. At Spring wood a cottage has been destroyed. In the Hunter River district the fires are terrible. An incident here wau the firing of the mailcoaeh, which attempted to run the gauntlet of a fire. At Strand all tho stock aro being removed to spots where food is still obtainable. The whole south coast district seems aflame. The ocean is enveloped in smoke, and it is not visible from any great distance iu shore. Bombala, Berry, Kiatna, Pambula, and Wyn ham all complaim of the devastation done by high winds and devouring bush fires. From the Hawkesbury district it is reported that the whole of the Kurrakong heights are ablaze. At loast six houses there have been burnt to the ground, and it is feared that one. lady has lost her life. From many other towns reports arrive of severe losses, and of desperate efforts being required to avoid the annihilation of townships. Mr. Willis M.P., who has lately returned from a long- tour throughout the country, gives a graphic account of the devastation wrought by tho drought and fires. From one end of the country to the other, he says, the conditions are worse than they have ever been. If rain does not fall within eight weelcs two thirds of the sheep will be lost. All the 3895 lambs are dead or dying. In some parts stock are being slaughtered to save their pelts. The mining industry is beginning to feel the effects of the droughts, and many claims have had to stop work for want of water. It is one of the cruel ironies of the position that whilst practically the whole colony is thus parched the Riverina reports floods in tho Murray. Mr. C. L. Wragge, in an interview to-day on the subject of the drought in New South Wales, said.it was due to the abnormal dis tribution of atmospheric pressure and the per sistency with which the anti- cyclonic systems maintain their erround on the continent. The Antarctic .storms, owing to this high pressure region, were unable to more than touch tho southern parts of Soulh Aus tralia and Victoria. While the hisrh pressure areas remain just so long will the drought continue. Mr. Wraggo thinks some Antarctic factors are at the bottom of the drought. If observations could be niado near the South Polo Australian weather would be better understood. It is possible that some local alleviation of tho drought may occur by the formation of storm loops or local de pressions within the high pressure areas, thus causing thunderstorms. Sydney, September 10. The drought, accompanied by raging gales and devastating bush tires, still afflicts the greater part of the colony. The reports from tho country become daily more hopeless in tone as vegetation gradually succumbs to the want of moisture or the quicker method of fire. Bulli telegraphs that Shorbrook township has been partly destroyed by fire, which first caucrht .a dwelling at 4.30 in the afternoon, destroying it and a fine orchard. The flames then seized Air. Knight's house, and ultimately destroyed it, with his crops and farming im plements. He suffers to the extent of £700. A small church was also burnt in spite of the desperate efforts of tho villagers. The country all round is shockingly disfigured. The Hawkesbury district has suffered very severely. The Kurrajong Heights have been practically devastated. One farmer, Mr. Robert Pitt, had a terrible experience, as fires encroached to within 50 yards of his home stead. His outhouses, containing his imple ments and stores, were destroyed, bits of fused metal or glass alone showing their old sites. Even the ashes have been blown away by the high gakjji Whilst jight-. ing the flames Sarah Ridge, known as 'Old Black Sally,' an aboriginal aged 50, who had lived with Mr. Pitt for over 40 years, 'was burnt to death. ' Old Sally' was the hist of her tribe, and worked like a heroine in fighting against the' fire. She was not missed until after the homestead had been saved. It was then found that she had been roasted to death not 100 yards from the house. In this district the loss must be immense. Mr. Pitt's loss alone is estimated at £1,500. On the Blue Mountains the ravages of the bush fires have been very severe. Nearly all the show places have been ruined. Several homesteads have been destroyed, and the Faulcon-bridge Cemetery has been burnt out. It is reported that an unworked coal pit has caught near Hartley Vale, and altogether the condition of affairs is most serious in this district. The New England, Central, Northern, Rivers, and Western districts have similar tales of destruction to tell. Unfortunately to no one can any hope of amelioration be held out. In consequence of the drought the Railway Commissioners have granted special facilities to the pastoralist8 in the west to remove their stock to places where food is available. A reduction of 25 per cent, on the ordinary rates will be made on stock travelling for food, and not intended for sale. In a circular issued by Cardinal Moran from St. Mary's Cathedral to the Roman Catholic clergy of the Sydney diocese, it is directed that the prayer ad petendatn pbuviam. be added in all masses permitted by the Rubrics till the first Sunday of October, inclusive, consequent on the long continuance of the drought threatening 'seriously to imperil the agricul tural interests of the colony, and the welfare of our fellow-citizens.' At present the state of affairs is truly awfuL In an interview to-day Mr. Russell, 'the Go vernment Astronomer, stated that the condi tions now were very similar to those of I8881 when there was a very bad drought. He holds out no hope of rain. The excessive and un seasonable heat, the gloomy smoke which envelops the sky, and through which the sun shines as a dull red ball, and the other abnormal climatic phenomena of the last few days have caused grave alarm among the more superstitious of the community. Last night a report was generally circulated that a tidal wave would this morning sweep over Sydney and extend 70 miles inland. It was also said that it would destroy all life in its course. So far the wave has not arrived, but some still consider that it is only belated. There is of course no scientific ground for any such wild proi»hftcv. but that it should be generally cir culated and largely credited shows the state of the feeling in the country. Sydney, September 1L Reports from country districts to-day giva the same monotonous details of devastation by bush fires, though in some parte the flamas seem to be abating. In the vicinity of Walls end the outbreak yesterday was very aerious and the upper timbers of the Wallsend colliery caught fire. With difficulty the flames were extinguished before they had time to spread to the mine. In Sydney to-day the weather was decidedly cooler. Mr. Russell, th6 Govern ment Astronomer, has received a telegram from Sir Charles Todd as to the Sonth Aus tralian conditions, which are very favorable to rain shortly in New South Wales. Whilst the Sydney to Bathurst mail train was crossing tho mountains yesterday it had a most sensational experience. Between Black' heath and Mount Victoria a stretch of fire was met with, and perhaps nob fully aware of the extent or the fierceness of the b'aze which extended on each side of tho line the driver opened out the throttle of his engine to run the gauntlet. The train got through, but after & fearful few minutes. The driver and fireman had their hair singed off and their clothes burnt, and were severely hurt. The flames penetrated the carriages through the open windows, destroy' ing goods in the racks and setting fire in two cases to the passengers' clothing. All over the mountains the railway lines are in danger; ceaseless efforts being required to prevent the sleepers being burnt. Mr. Clement Wragge'a and Mr. Russell's forecasts both point to the strong possibility of a general rain within the next three days. The heads of the various churches have approached the Government with reference to the appointment of a 'day of humiliation and prayer' on account of the serious drought. As the result of a determination of the Cabinet, arrived at this morning, a special meeting of tho Executive Council was held at 4 o'clock this afternoon, at which it was de cided that Sunday next should be set apart as a day of humiliation and prayer. On account of the drought the price of cattle has risen at Bathurst from £3 to £8 per head. Produce and vegetables havo risen tremen dously in the city, practically no local supplies being available. Meat has also risen 2d. per ? 11 -. Good fat meat is almost unobtain.' ' : able. ? ??? 