COUNTRY NEWS. BENDIGO. MONDAY EVENING. Mr. Sprenger, a well-known butcher in Bendigo, was badly injured yesterday when out driving, near The Springs. The horse, a powerful animal, bolted with him and smashed the trap up. All the occupants were thrown out, but escaped serious injury, with the exception of Mr. Sprenger, who had two ribs and his collarbone broken, besides being badly shaken. An attempt is being made to form a Vic- torian Milling and Agency Company with a capital of £100,000 in £1 shares. It is pro- posed to open offices in London, Melbourne, Bendigo, and Ballarat, to advise on mining properties and also to carry on banking business. The Rev. Dr. Neville, O.S.A., Coadjutor Bishop of Sandhurst, leaves shortly for Sydney to take part in the Plenary Council of Australasia at Manly. Complaints are made that 2s. per truck is charged for the use of the railway siding at the Bendigo cattle yards for sheep, whereas the charge in Ballarat is 1s. per truck. Many people now drove their stock to market. A man named Temple was fined 10s. and costs to-day for allowing six dogs to attack a constable who had a summons to serve. CASTLEMAINE MONDAY EVENING. The members of the Employers' Associa- tion have resolved to close their shops at 1 o'clock on Wednesday afternoons instead of at 2 o'clock. Mr. P. Breen, a resident of Victoria Gully, has had 25 turkeys destroyed by foxes, which are reported to be very numerous in some parts of this district. THE CROPS BETWEEN BOGA AND WOOROONOOKE. CHARLTON, SATURDAY. The crops in this part of the district are in a very backward condition, and generally speaking have been during the last week or two withering rather than growing. The outlook is very discouraging. It has been for some time the opinion that the late crops would prove better than the early ones. It has been apparent that but little could be ex- pected from the latter, whilst if there was a copious downpour of rain there was a very fair prospect of a fair harvest of those later sown. The hot scorching weather of the last three weeks has pretty well destroyed all hope in this direction. All vegetation is rapidly drying up, and the harvest promises to be pretty well a failure all round. Between Wooroonooke and Wycheproof with one or two exceptions the crops look no better. There are a few fine crops near Thalia. They are on gum land, and have been well cultivated. Closer to Wycheproof, on the plain land, the crops appear to be a failure. Going north towards Kalpienung some good wheat may be seen, but further on through Bungeeluke and Towaninnie in many cases they are in a deplorable condi- tion. Around the latter place locusts may be seen congregated in myriads. Going further north towards L'Albert matters appear to mend somewhat, and the crops show more improvement, though there are some wretchedly poor ones. Towards Mumble Plains again there is a falling off, owing chiefly to the ravages of the rabbits, which are very plentiful in this locality. Well into the mallee, going on to Boga, the early crops are looking well, while the late ones are in a very critical condition. Wherever the land has been well cultivated both late and early crops look well, but where put in with a disc or a cultivator in nearly every instance the result has been a failure. A few crops of Steinwedel contain grain full and plump and will be ripe in the course of a few days. The early crops in this district are safe even if no more rain falls. The late crops that were scratched in cannot yield much even with plenty of rain, and will probably be a total failure. But late crops that were well put in may yet, if more rain falls, be fair, but even they cannot hold out much longer Still there is so much early wheat in the Boga district that the prospects of the coming harvest are on the whole as good or even better than they were last year. FIRE AT MACARTHUR. SEVERE DAMAGE. MACARTHUR, MONDAY. A most disastrous fire broke out here on Sunday morning at about 1 o'clock, in the dwelling house occupied by Mr. Joseph Lewis, saddler of this town, completely demolishing the place. Strenuous efforts were made to prevent the fire spreading to the adjoining store and premises, occupied by Mr. Henry Baker, but without success. The whole of the buildings being of wood they were quickly reduced to ashes. A part of the furniture from each house was saved. The cause of the fire is unknown, but it is said to have started in Mr. Lewis's sittingroom. The store and house occupied by Mr. Baker were insured for £200, stock for £800 and the furniture for £100. The house of Mr. Lewis was insured for £100, and the furniture for £75. Much sympathy is felt for Mr. Baker, as he sustained a great loss. FIRE AT A COAL MINE. BOOLAIRRA, MONDAY The poppet-heads of the brown coal mine known as the Mirboo Proprietary Company No. 1 were destroyed by fire yesterday, and it was with great difficulty that the engineroom adjoining, containing machinery to the value of £500, was saved. The fire originated in the coal heap on the surface about three weeks since, and owing to the scarcity of water the men in charge were unable to quench it. The fallen debris is still smouldering, but a strict watch is being ob- served to ensure the safety of the other buildings. The damage is estimated at £100. It is not locally known whether the pro- perty is insured or not. THE CHINESE PERJURY CASE AT BENDIGO. BENDIGO, MONDAY. Some seven months ago Charley Fun Chung, who has extensive dealings in re- covering pyrites from tailings heaps at the various batteries, was charged with perjury. Extensive litigation took place between Fun Chung and some compatriots, the result being that Fun Chung was sentenced to 18 months imprisonment for perjury. A peti- tion was afterwards extensively signed seeking a shortening of his term of incarceration. This was successful, and Fun Chung was liberated to-day, with a commuta- tion of about 11 months. He asked per- mission to say good-bye to the warders, which was granted, and he was accorded hearty cheers as he left the gaol. MEETING OF MINERS AT KORUM- BURRA KORUMBURRA, MONDAY. An aggregate meeting of miners was held here to day, when there were between 400 and 500 miners from the various collieries present. Messrs. A. Downward, C. J. Turner, and W. Trenwith, M.L.A.' s, were present. The following resolutions were carried :— "This meeting is of opinion that the minimum wage of 7s. 6d. per day net for coal miners is not sufficient for their requirements, and we therefore urge upon the Government to stipulate that for all future contracts at least 8s. 4d. net should consti- tute a daily wage." "This meeting is of the opinion that the time has come when the branch lodges of the district should be amalgamated, and that officers and delegates for the whom district should be elected by the various branches, and thus secure that oneness of action that is impossible in our present disunited condition." "That this meeting deeply regrets that the Government has not introduced a coal miners' regulation bill during the present session and re- spectfully urges upon them to do so before the session closes." There appears to be some doubt as to the intenton of the Legislature in fixing the minimum rate of wage at 7s. 6d. per day. Mr. Downward was of opinion that the Government intended that out of that amount the miner should purchase his powder, oil, &c.;, but Messrs. Turner and Trenwith held that 7s. 6d. could not be the minimum wage if the miner had to purchase the necessaries for winning the coal. In speaking to the resolution asking for a coal miners regulation bill, Mr. Turner said he had no doubt that the bill would be intro- duced during the present session. SAD DROWNING CASE. MARYBOROUGH, MONDAY. The funeral of the lad James Thomas Neyland, who was drowned while making an heroic attempt to rescue his brother, took place to-day, and was very largely attended. Three brothers, James Thomas (aged eight), Christopher (seven), and Mark (four), left their home at Bung Bung on Saturday to drive to the Bet Bet, half a mile distant. While pulling reeds Mark fell into the water, James at once divested himself of his cloth- ing and plunged into the water, which is 9ft. deep. Christopher ran to inform his grandfather of the occurrence. Mr. Neyland quickly arrived, and found Mark fully clothed floating in mid-stream. He brought the body to land. There was no sign of James. After searching for some while Mr. Neyland discovered the body of his second grandson. The police were informed of the sad fatality, but Mr. Johns, P.M., considered the holding of an inquest unnecessary. How it was that the lad Mark did not drown is mysterious, as he was in the water for fully half an hour. FLAX-GROWING. DONALD, SATURDAY. A good number of farmers have put in a trial crop of flax in this district, and despite the dryness of the weather some of it is looking very well indeed. Mr. Leslie, of Laen, has five or six acres over 2ft. 6in. high and looking very green and vigorous. Other crops also are doing will, but the vast majority were put in too late as the season has turned out, and consequently will not be much good. It is a notable fact, however that up to the present, however backward the flax is, it has done better than wheat sown at the same time or even earlier. Farmers are thus satisfied that given a fair season that will grow wheat, flax will grow equally well, and a large acreage will be put in next year THE DAIRYING INDUSTRY. ALEXANDRA, MONDAY. The directors of the Alexandra Dairy Com- pany Limited, at their meeting on Saturday last, appointed Mr. Rowland Loader, of the Panmure Creamery, Framlingham, as manager for their Thornton Creamery. There were 24 applicants for the position. The supply of milk during the past fort- night has increased to 8,000gal. This com- pany is turning out four tons of butter per week. COLERAINE, FRIDAY. The supply of milk at the Coleraine factory is substantially ahead of the quantity put through the separators this time last year. Last month's milk bill was about £100 more than that of September last year. As the factory is the means of bringing to the dis- trict needed outside money it is now recog- nised as a most important local industry. DONNEN, SATURDAY. The Laen Creamery is proving a perfect boon to farmers of the district. It has not been established a year, and already the milk supply has increased so rapidly that the tanks have to be replaced by larger ones. Nearly 4,000 gallons a week are delivered The rule is that for every three gallons of milk daily supplied the supplier shall take up one share, and last week 50 new shares were taken up. The large supply of skim milk on hand has led to the farmers keeping pigs, and taken altogether Laen is much the gainer by the creamery. EUROA, SATURDAY. The Euroa Butter Factory Company have been very successful with their exhibits of butter at recent shows. They entered seven times, including Melbourne, and secured seven first prizes. WARRNAMBOOL, MONDAY. On Saturday Messrs. McMeekin Brothers received advices from their London agents that the district factories butter, shipped by the s.s. Parramatta, had realised 130s. per cwt. This is the highest price obtained during the present season for butter Cool trucks for the carriage of butter are to be run next month. The commissioners have promised to allow two cool trucks to be permanently kept at Warrnambool for the carriage of butter to the breakwater. ALEXANDRA, MONDAY.—Anniversary services in connection with the local Wes- leyan Church were celebrated yesterday. The Rev. N. Bennett, of Melbourne, conducted the services in the morning and even- ing, which were attended by large con- gregations. On Sunday afternoon the Rev. J. Smith conducted a children's floral service, which was well attended. CRESWICK, MONDAY.—Some of the farm- ing land in this district is valued pretty highly. A small block at Kingston of 11 acres recently brought £520 or at the rate of over £47 5s. per acre. Twenty pounds an acre was also offend for some grass land on Birch's Creek, but refused.—The committee of the Miners' Association have become somewhat alarmed over the number of accidents of the ex- penses in consequence exceeding the income of the branch. A special meeting of mem- bers is to be convened to deal with the question. COLERAINE, FRIDAY.—Tenders have been accepted for building the library and reading- rooms of the new local Mechanics' Institute, Mr. H. Bradbury being the successful ten- derer at £350. The main-hall portion will be added at a future date.—Wool is now con- tinuously arriving for despatch by train or en route for one of the western seaports by road. So far there is scarcely any percep- tible increase in the amount sent by rail, while the teams do not appear to be carrying more than usual. The long-hoped- for im- provement in prices naturally has a cheerful result. ECHUCA, MONDAY.—The long-continued dry weather has induced some farmers on the Turrumbarry Plains to adopt irrigation as a means of improving the condition of their crops, and Messrs. Scurrah Bros. who have been pumping from the Murray, have had the gratifica- lion of seeing a marked improvement in the condition of their wheat crop as a result of their enterprise. They have also utilised the water for irrigating their pasture lands with most beneficial results. There is little doubt that many farmers, who this season will be sufferers from the dry season, are more favourably disposed towards irri- gation. HEALESVILLE, MONDAY.—At the meet- ing of the shire council held to-day, Council- lor Sloss, in accordance with notice of motion given at a previous meeting, moved— "That the council borrow £2 000 on debentures having a currency of twenty years. The money to be spent in paying off the council's overdraft (£322), and the debt on the shire-hall (£250). The balance to be expended in putting the present main roads in good order, and making new roads were required." Councillor Nichols seconded the motion in order that it might be discussed. Council- lors Nichols Keppel, Green, Holland, and Clements spoke against the motion. Coun- cillor Sloss replied, urging the immediate necessity of spending money on the roads, and that it the council did not borrow it would be forced to strike an extra rate. On the motion being put Councillor Sloss was the only one that voted for it. All the other eight councillors voted against it. The motion was therefore lost. KILMORE, SATURDAY.—At the meeting of the Kilmore Agricultural and Pastoral Society this afternoon a circular was read from the Corn Trade sectional committee of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce regard- ing the complaints received from various countries respecting the serious loss of grain through shipping in bags in bad condition and of inferior quality. The chamber de- sired to bring under the notice of the farming community and of those in- terested in the grain trade the necessity of onlv new standard cornsacks being used for the bagging of wheat, oats, peas and other grain, and that the use of secondhand or in- ferior bags be avoided, Tlieaocu 1} resolved not to take any action regarding the circular, some members thinking that the compulsory use of new cornsacks would only impose another tax on the farming com- munity, which has already suffered too much from the evils of protection. —The old Kilmore gaol, which has been ren- dered historical by the fact of its being con- verted into a butter factory, was the scene of a fire to-day. A large stack of firewood used at the factory had ignited from a spark from the engine. The fire brigade was soon at work, and was successful in stopping the progress of the fire before much damage was done. A considerable quantity of wood was burned, and the flames reached the testing-room, igniting the woodwork under the eaves. The substantial bluestone structure saved the dairy company from very serious loss.—Sir William Clarke, M.L.C., has supplemented his original donation to the prize fund of the Kilmore Agricultural and Pastoral Society's annual show by a further cheque for £8 8s. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to Sir William, who has always taken a lively interest in the annual shows here. KORUMBURRA, MONDAY.—Yesterday a man named Thomas Lewis was arrested at Jumbunna on a charge of theft from William Burchell. Burchell is a miner in the employ of the Jumbunna Coal Company, and on Saturday he was paid the money due to the gang of men with whom he worked, the amount being £24. He alleges that he had the money in his room when he went to bed on Saturday night, and found the next morn- ing that it was missing. Lewis shared a bed- room with him. To-day a man named Pike, another mate of Burchell's, was arrested for complicity in the theft. MILDURA, SATURDAY.—Mr. J. Bracebridge Wilson, the late head master of the Geelong Grammar School, was one of the largest land- holders in Mildura. He had about 100 acres under orange orchard and vineyard, and had great expectations as to the ultimate success of irrigation in the mallee country.—The secretary of the Mildura Irrigation Company has received a telegram from Mr. J. W. Taverner regarding the Mildura Trust Bill. The bill, he says, is ready, and a Cabi- net meeting has been called for Monday to consider it.— Mr. C. Bogue Luff- mann is here giving Iessons in the sum- mer treatment of raisin vines.—The river captains warn us to expect a low river before Christmas. It is likely to be closed for six months. If this is the case it will prevent the marketing of any fresh fruits, and the situation emphatically substantiates the claims that have beem put forward for an extension of the railway to Yelta, with a branch line into Mildura. MAFFRA, SATURDAY.—The Maffra Agri- cultural Society held its annual meeting on Friday, and a healthy state of affairs was shown, the society coming out this year £47 14s. 2d. better then last, the liability now being only £127 1s. 11d. A motion was carried to the effect that the secretary write to the Minister of Agriculture asking him to abolish the Board of Agricultural Education, as the meeting considered the board one of the most useless public institutions in the colony, and that in the best interests of agriculture the business at present transacted by that irresponsible body be handed over to the de- partment of Agriculture. MYARING, FRIDAY.—The weather is beautifully fine, and in all quarters shearing is in full swing. The district is looking splendid, and the late crops along the river promise well. Bark stripping has com- menced, and there will be a large quantity sent this year from this and adjoining dis- tricts Snipe have made their appearance in good numbers, and some large bags have already been made. The Glenelg is rapidly falling, and will probably be fordable in a fortnight's time. SUNBURY, SATURDAY.— Councillor McAuIiffe, a member of the East Riding of the Shire of Bulla, has resigned his seat, as he is dissatisfied with the way in which the funds of the ratepayers are expended. SASSAFRAS, MONDAY.— During the hot wind blowing on Saturday, several bush- fires started in the neighbourhood. The hut of a settler named Young was set on fire by one, which was extinguished with difficulty by some neighbours. Another fire was raging round the local Mechanics' Institute for some time, but without doing any damage. TRENTHAM, MONDAY.—Intelligence was received here this afternoon to the effect that a well-known resident of Bullarto named Hodge had cut his throat. 