[?] ? IA TI iT' * ' A Dutch courage. That of' tho Boers. The.- rain has come, .a perfect god send. Coolgardio, 'in 'another ten years,: will be but a name. Both Mr. Chamberlain and Mr. Reid gS[ wear eye-glasses. And then the resem- H| lance ends. HH Those who went in for shandy-gaffs BH last week, much prefer, now it is raining, EBB a les3 intoxicating wet. |H Britannia may rule the waves of the H9 ocean, but Mr. Wragge would appear to H| rule the waves of heat. HH Mr. Cecil Rhodes weighs 17 stone, IH Those who have made money by him HH call him ' sweet seventeen.' B| The Uitlanders. in tho Transvaal JHj should remember that, who would be free HB himself must strike the blow. |H Whenever Mr. Russell comes forward BS with a prophecy in New South Wales, ^ Queensland gets its Wragge out. gg Wade : 'Nothing's ever lost through H| politeness.' Butcher : ' Except your KB seat in a crowded public conveyance.' H| The Ministry in giving the Locksley H Deviation work to the sand-shifters oE H Centennial Park show that they are men H of Band indeed. H In olden days men sought caves who H wished to work out a life of repentance. H Memo : Mr.- Sydney Smith has gone to H the caves of Jenolan. H Though I would fain tho truth disguise, H I cannot help but see H She's passing fair unto ray eyes 9 Yot is not fair to me. H Will Bathurst hold a meeting re the H Locksley Deviation ? . H Oh yes. There is. room enough for it Hj to hold one, if it decides that that is the H best method of having justice done to its H inhabitants. EB Wonders will never cease. That usually H seditionist paper, Truth , urges that in B| the event of war, Australia should afford K practical help, to England. Evidently H the editor, whon he wrote this, was H standing on his head. H The Siamese Twins' mother knooked H their headB together. ' Take that ! ' she H observed.' ' ? That's a poor rule,' they H remarked, ' about two heads being better H than one.' They have never felt their H position so acutely. Kg Have you loved another, George?' H ' No, Maud, no. I swear by all ? ' H ' Never mind that. If you Bay it, I be-- H lieve it, but I cannot be yours. A man H who has lived as long as you have with- H out loving, must be innately a woman- H hater, and I shall never marry a woman- jB hater. Good evening, Mr. Jones. Maria H (calling to the maid), you may eend Mr. H Wilks up. I am disengaged.' H Lyonnet counted the muscles con- JB tained in the body of the caterpillar of H the Cossus. He found in the head 228 ; Bj in the body, 1,647 ; and enveloping the H intestines no less than 2,186, which, H after deduoting 20 that are common to H the gullet and the head, gives a total of H 4,061. Only 529 have been counted in B the' human subject, so that this little H creature ha9 3,532 muscles more than H ourselves. r-. H This is the kind of ' poetry ' published Bj by tho Bulletin. It is entitled 'An H Outburst.' It leads to one — of pro- H fanity : — My nativo New South Wales, To tell tby beauty language fails I Oh, my land of Blue Mountainous scenery, And gHmtrees denuded by bush-fires of greenery, ^':y . Thou breatbest a spirit of God-save-the- * Queenery My native New South Wales ! Slimpson (angrily) : ' See here, Jim son, I just want to know if you turned down this side street- to avoid me V Jimson : ' Why— er— certainly not, old boy. I — or — didn't see, you.' Slimpsen (somewhat mollified) I had an idea you thought' I was -one of those fellows who always borrow and never pay.' Jimson : *No, no — or — of course not. Tour credit is as good as any one's.' . Slimpson: ? I beg your pardon, Jim son ; I see I'vo done you injustice. LeDd me ten shillings, will yoa 7' Colemane and Son's Pare Eucalypte Extract cures coughs, colds, influenza, &c;° If yon cannot obt'oiri ' Myfd Tea' in ? y -«r ijistrict, v.rito to D. Mitchol! and O ., Chircner-strret, Sydney, who will . ? rrrnjc for n s.ipply ai onco through tho leer- 1 storekeeper.* ?? ? 