"·It~ar m ctb o i I roni~tc. PUBLISHED Tue.sday, Thirslay, and Maturday.: soB?cERDERS RECIrVE A SUrPPLEMSET WITH FACII ISSUE. THURS DA Y. DEcEMBER2k4, 16. CURRENT NEWS. - : saddition tW the usual supplement, to-day's: issue of the Chronicle-includes a special Christmas supplement,.which con taine a large quantity of varied matter :appropriate to the sehsoo. :Tis. Chronlle will not be publihed' on Saturday next.:? -"' "Ooua Port :Caimpbell correspondept'i, letter anid as quanhtity of ?ither interestmhi r matter is crowded out of'tibie issue. ' :- :Tb-gRow, being Christmas Day, will be observed as a close holiday in the post and telegraph offices throughout the colony. On :Boxing Day the post officee will be open till 10 a.m., and the first delivery, only by letter carrier will bo effected. Mails will, however,' lie received and des patched as usual. The telegraph otlice will be open from 8.30 a.m:' till 10 nan.,. and from 6 p.m. till 7 p.ii. m On Monday business will' be resumed as usual. with the exception of the .money order and savings bank, which will be suspended on all three days. Trr itrain arrangements in connection with the annual nieeting of the Terang Riicing Club on New ,Years Day, have beeni made and will be found most suit able for residents of this district. A special train -will leave Camperdown at 1.2 L a.m, arriviiig at the course at 12.10 p.m. For the return journey the train will .leave the racecourse at 6 p.m. The secretary, 'Mr. J. HogBarr, intends mak ing an effort to have carriages substituted for the cattle trucks that usually make up a portion of the special traiun. StPERINTENýorcr Deasey made his last tour of the diet'ictii-i0ir ficial capacity in 'coiiection lwith the Licensing rCourts this week... At rilng -,Mr. Backhouse refe'rred' to the fact, aiid congratulated the superintendent upon his promotion. The imtistrates added' their coimgratulai tious to those of Mr. Backhouse, and Superintendent. DeaIsey in a few aplro priate words, exiprLssed his 'appreciation if itil idkind r'emarks."' At the C'aniper downi Licensing Court. o Tiiueiday the Bar wts n6t represented, and no forimnal congratulations iwere therefore made, but the many frienti made iiCaumiperd6own bythe superintendent during the -three eair lihe has had charged of the district availed theliiselves of his last visit tobcon gratiilate hini upon his promotion, and express their regret that it would entail his removal to another district. A?r the Colac Shire Council's meeting on Saturday a letter from the Heytesbury Shire Council, asking for co- operation in establishing a common at Pirron Yallock, was received and consideration postponed. =At a later stage of the proceedingwa letter was read.from residents of Pirron Yallock, drawing the council's attention to the fact that the Heytesbury Shire Council .ad resolved to have the roads and unoccupied lands within three nmiles of Pirron Yallick (in that shire), placed urider a herdsnman in order that proper control would be exercised over the stock, depasturing there. The petitioners desired. that the Colac Council co- opetate with the Heyte? bury Council, and endeavour to have the common enlarged by including all roads and unoccupied linds on the east side of the Pirron Yallock creek, and north of the railway line, and extending to a distance if, two. miles from the, township. This would be the means of preventing people overrunning-the township-with sheep and also the practice of people living at a distance turning their stock on the roads. Mr. Consedine, who was in attendance, said lihe was against the proposal, - as he :considered it emanated froma few contrary people. : Mr. J. Maloney was also against the proposal, as it was brought up just to prevent a poor widow woman grazing her stock. Cr. Baker said he did not think it would be right to refuse the request of the Heytesbury Shire Council. He did not know, however, whether there was any Crown land in the vicinity. Cr. Bullivant thought the question was a large one, and he favoured holding it over, a course which was eventually ad(opted. 'CYCLISTr have noticed quantities of .broken glass c:refully strewn on the roads and paths in several localities inl the vicinity of the town of late. The ob 1 ject of this senseless practice is doubtlcss \- to bring wheelmen to grief, and as this s descriptiontof vandalism meets with severe punislmlnent when tile plcrpietr.tors are caught, it is well that those indulging in it should realise the pussible conse quences. WIHEn the circular letter fromn the Chief Inspector of Yermin l)estruction, informinig municipalities that the Govern ment intend discontinuing the bonus for the destruction of foxes, as it is co-. sidered that they render good service in keeping down rabbits, was before tihe Colac Shire Council on Saturday Cr. Hiancock said it was a mIistake to do away with the bonus, as the fixes did a greit dealof harm to lambs. He was aware elf a man in tmhe district losing 112 lathb through the ravages of the foxes. 11 moved that thu council disagree with the proposal. Cr. Bullivant seconded the motion. Foxes were an unmnitigated evil, and it was a foolish mistake to con sider that foxes destroyed rabbits to any great extent. Cr. Neylou .said he sa v seven foxes dug out of a rabbit burrow, where the foxes and rabbits were living in, peace and harmony. Crs. Blaker and Sherren were also againmst the bonus being done away with, and the motion was carried. A DEtIVEIR.tv waggon belonging to \- Messrs. Coy Bros., of Terang, took firo whilst on the road to naroghlid on Friday last. The waggoen was heavily laden with goods of all descriptions, Christmas groceries forming a large proportion. The driver upon discovering the fire set to \- work to remove the burning articles, and after strenuous exertions, in which lie sustained some severe burns, managed to save the waggon, though the greater por tion of the goodls was destroyed. It is surmised that some matches stowed in the bottom of the waggon became ignited through friction, and originated the fire. Tax bush-fire season is upon us earlier than usual this year, anid it behoves those whose holiday enjoyments include pic nicking to exercise more than ordinary care in selecting spots fr lighting their camp fires. Owing doubtless to the fact that the dearth of moisture through the winter left the ground comparatively dry, the extreme heat of the past two months has had a more than ordinarily drying effsect upon herbage, and there are very laes now where a fire would not OT Saturday, 16th January, Mr. John Thornton will l some valuable proner. •ion account of Mr. Geo. Parker: . . meamli thea, YEsTElDAY wRaR renmiiscent of Black Thursday, as regards the weather. Dur ing the whole of the forenoon and until 4 p.m., a hot wind blew with the force of a gale and the heat was intense. As a natural result the smoke of bush fires was soon visible in all directions. The first outbreak to attract attention was in the direction of Wiridgil where, shortly before 11 a.n., dense volumes of smoke were ob-. set'id. A large number of residents of Canmperdown, together with the dairymen and their enmployes from the surrounding farms, were soon on the spot and battling with the fire which, under the conditions, was a teak of a most exhausting nature. It appears that the outbreak was caused by some - ood-cntters in one of the Wiridgil paddocks lighting a fire to boil their billy. _As might have been expected the strong wind caused the grass to ignite and carried the flames with extraordinary velocity in the direction of the Wiridgil hills. Fortunately the paddocks were comparatively bare of grass and it was therefore possible to cope with the flames. had the grass been as plentiful as is usual in the locality at this time of the year it would have been a liopeless task to at tempt to stay their progress with the wind that prevailed. In the course of a couple-of hours after the outbreak up wards of a hundred volunteers were on the scene and their efforts were instru mental in confining the fire to an area of between three and four hundred acres. Mr.Enmos Podger thoughtfully touk with hii" his waggmn and several milk cans filled with water and carefully protected with wet bags, and it is needless to say he was welcomed by the rte fighters all along the line. During the afternoon and evening a number of men were engaged in watching the burning logs and ex tinguishing several fresh outbreaks caused by sparks blown from the burning timber by the high wind. The most serious of these occurred when the wind changed shortly 'after 4 o'clock. It carried the fire over the hill in the direction of Wiridgil house. As soon as this became known the volunteers again assembled and succeeded in once more getting the upper hand of the fire, though not before it- had got within a short distance of the t house and stables. At almost every po,int of the compass there were indications of other fires. A telegram from our Scott's Creek enrrespondent gives some particu lars of the disastrous nature of the tires that swept large areas of the forest tcountry. There were also conflagrations in the direction of Pomborneit, and t. wards Glenormiston, and it is to be feared that when details'come to hand the dam. age done yesterday will be found to be considerable. TiE local butchers' shops should form one of the striking features of the Christ imas displays, this evening. 3Mr. E. D. Errey's shop, on the Cobden Road, is gar nished with .the usual tasteful array of fedns, foliage, and flowers, despite the I difficulty experienced in obtaining the ferns consequenit upon the bush fires, Swhich for the past two days have been raging through the gullies in the forest, u where they abound. Mr. Errey intimates I that he will have, in addition to the t decoratious, the more substantial re quirements for the festive season. Mr. SFP. Wright's shop in Manifold-street, has t also been converted into a bower, more resembling a forest dell than a prosaic I butcher's shop, and he likewise announces I that special provision will be niade for the Christmas requirements of his customers. ST?rensns are invited by the Shire En gineer for- a number of contracts in the Shire of Hampden. A aiTrrrwo of shareholders in the Laurs Bacon Curing Company -was called for yesterday afternoon to consider the advis ability of passing a resolution to wind up the company. At. the appointed hour thero was, however,, no quorum present, aind the meeting was adjourned till 3 p.m. n' .Wednesday next. SPacnrrtvcus of the services in connec tion with the Wesleyan Church on Sun day next are advertised. TnE attention of ratepayers is directed to a special shire notice to the effect that persons who have failed to pay their current- rates are now liable to legal proceedings without further notice. W. Bovs.x wishes to notify that owing to having such an eniormous stock of Christmas Cards, Toys, Christmas Presents, he will for Christmas Eve only, sell everything at greatsacrifice.' "[Anvr.] -9--- Parliament is to be prorogued at 5 p.m. to-day. - Mr. . - Prosser has secured 211 acres of the Balintore estate at £17 per acre. Mr. W. R. Wilson, of St. Albans?,:has given £50 to be distributed amongs·.the Geelong charities t The directors of the Rosebrook Blutter Factory have procured a plant for putting up concentrated milk. The children attending the Glenormiston State school collected £1 12s 7d for Lady Brassev's fund in aid of theBlinad Asylum. A boy named Siddle was ran over b a reiper and hinder at Barrabool on Monday and sustained severe lacerations of the legs and shoulder. The Colae Shire Council decided on Satur day to record iu the minutes the los suf fetlred by the dlistrict through the death of the late Mr. J. L Kiinninnonth. The farmer Arthur Childs, of ceranga. mete, whclo sustained concussion of the hrain from a fall from his horse on Friday, died at the ('ollac Hospital the following morning. ,I 1l3rasserv intends to leave Melbourne on TIuesdas on his visit to New Zealand. His Excellencv will ie altsent for about sir week-, and ir Joht M~tllen, the Chief Justice, duritg that lriod will act as G(o \venor. Sir John will be sworn in oa Wedlnesday next. " The Crags,' :near Port Fairy, a sl?t sihich has pros-el fatal to tnitsv tishernuems, nearly adledl t its ictinis on Thursdas. A sn of Mr. Hlarris, of Oaksle, was fis in,. when a huge roller wsashed him off the rot.ks HIis brother plutged in tohis resue and b,,thl were almost exliusted when their father managed to reach them w'ith a tishing rod l hich enabled them to reach the rocks. The iprincipal attractioan in Melbourne on tlxing l)av will be the Hibenian Society's Fete at the Exhibition huilding. Thle pro. gra?ulna of sjorts arranged for is an excep tionally grid one, and the new track will be usedl for the first time in coninection with the bicycle contests. The art union tickets, which are advertised in another column, wi!l admit to the entert:inments day or night. The drawing for the prizes will take place in the lHibernian Hall on the evening of January 9th. The great value of the i cial p~rize--firat £lt)--has caused a ar saoe of tickets. They are on sale in everyv town in Victoria, and the agents will furnish information asP t the final day of purchase. 