BUSH ROMANCE. BY L. ANDERSON. The glow of a great fire shone brightly in the darkness ; the flames, rising and falling, cast long weird shadows among the trees, and over a large mob of cattle moving uneasily like a lake ruffled into waves by the wind. Now a pair of horns caoght the light as a tossing head rose above the surface, and the dash was prolonged down the line like the crests of the same waves. 2S"ow a ground swell of stamping hoofs made a chill echo. Suddenly a black-looking group of Bhevaks seemed to start into prominence, the breeze whispering sadly through them, or the tall white stem of a gum tree with the bark hanging ragged about it stood out almost ghastly in the ruddy gleam. BeBiHe the fire, their feet stretched towards it, their heads pillowed on their swags, lay two men sound asleep. Two more sat their horses, one on either side o! the mob of cattle. At intervals each made a half circle of the camp. One sat loosely in his saddle, apparently balf-asleep, yet each movement in the herd found him on the alert. 1'bese were store cattle on tneir way to Nandina Station. Among them, however, were a lew in better condition, and consequently with more spirit than the rest; also the ranges over which they were travelling were conducive to little escapades such as a stampede on a email scale, which prevented thoBe on the watch from indnlging in anything of a nap. The man's eyes rested dreamily on the dark caverns of shadow that retreated baok among the trees. Now and again he raised them to where the Southern Gross gleamed brightly out of a dark eky, or turned them over the moving backs in front of him, bat invariably they returned to the shadows and saw there a girl's face-a clever, handsome lace, wearing a mocking smile. He woke at last from his reverie with s little sigh and a little smile, both rather ; bitter. He had been engaged to the owner of that face once--some nine years ago, when he was twenty-one and she seven teen-bnt she had seen someone with more money. No, he would give her the benefit of the doubt, someone whom she liked better; and he?-Well, he was only a boy, but boys can feel, and first love goes very deep. He had got! over it though. Oh, of course he had, he was not a fool to break his heart for a woman who scorned him. How his companions would laagh if they knew that he, Paul Fielding, whom they bad nicknamed the misogynist, had spent the last two honrs in dreaming of a woman* He sat suddenly erect, his handsome face grim and stern. At the same instant a disturbance took placa among the oattle. A ball dashed out from the mob, followed by two or three cows, and thundered down the ridge, crashing throngh small trees and brushwood. The well-trained horse sprang forward without waiting for a touch of the spur, sprang out of the firelit circle down the dark hill side, keeping parallel with the oattle till he had distanced them, then tamed in a half-circle, faced them, and headed them back. Finding themselves thns circumvented, they went on a little way, then veered almost at a right angle. The horse stopped so suddenly that an inexperienced stockman would have shot over his head-headed them again, and drove them into the arms, so to speak, of the other horsemen, EO the alarm fo; that time was oyer, caving served to dispel the meditations of Paul Fielding, and bring him back into the workaday world. The wild gallop down the r'ldgeB, the whistling oi the night wind in his ears, the thander of clattering hoofs, proved an effectual remedy for tormenting fancies, and Panl Fielding, the man of action, laughed at Panl Fielding, the dreamer. If the laugh were too bitter to prooeed from a sound heart, that, too, would be cured in time-so fragile is the sentiment that men call love. ' Earliest daybreak found them on the march. Abont eleven they halted for a meal, breakfast and lnnch combined, and they did not si art again till nearly four o'clock. At sunset they came in sight of Nandina homestead. A long, low, wooden honse, with wide verandahs, and a detached cottage usually designated the barracks, in which the bachelors resided. Nandina was bnilt on a hill, two sides of which sloped steeply to the -creek. The view from the verandah was exten sive and beautiful. To the left, beyond the creek and the road which woand beside it, the ranges stretched away, height beyond height, into the far distance, faintly pink in the evening light. In front and to the right lay fertile paddocks dotted with fat cattle. Mrs Mile?, the manager's wife, sat on ike verandah with some visitors who had ridden over from a neighbouring station to spend the afternoon and stay the night, as is the fashion ia the Australian bash. The afternoon tea-table stood beside them, rackets lying on the floor pro claimed that tennis had been the order of the, day, but this had given place to the charms of conversation and peaceful enjoyment of the lovely evening. The: laughing jackass, sometimes called the squatters' clock, gave vent occasionally to his , unmusical cachin nations, then a cracking of stock-whips at a distance broke the silence, followed after a little by the sound of the on coming hoofs, and Mrs Miles remarked {bat it mast be the overseer returning., with the store cattle. By-and-bye a great clond of dast proclaimed the approach of the mob, and soon it came in Eight. ^ A little dark-haired girl of about eighteen, a guest at the next station, locked down with some cariosity at the cattle and the horsemen. All four of the latter were dressed alike in cords and flannel shirts, with cabbage tree hats. All rode with the loose, easy seat of Australian riders, but whether it was his length of limb, or a certain air of distinction that never for sook him, the overseer's was the figure that caught and held her glance. " Don't waste your admiration on Paul Fielding," whispered Mrs Milee mischievously, " he is a handsome fellow, but he is a woman-hater." .ftffie Denzil coloured and looked a little annoyed, for such speeches did not please her. At tea-time the four appeared, having got rid of every sign of the dust and beat of the journey. Two were Englishmen, little more than boys, having come out for colonial experienbe ; the third was an Australian vonfch. They were quite ready to be charmed by Effie DenziPs pretty face and gentle, shy manners. She, too, WBS pleased by their boyish admiration. They were in high spirits, and had many an anecdote to tell of their journey, and the evening passed pleapBntly, though Effie felt slightly piqued by Fielding's indifference, which contrasted with the attention she received from the others. The indifference was not assumed, either. As the days went on, for Mrs Miles persuaded her to stay a fortnight, it did not show any signs of passing away, neither was it unduly exhibited politeness always had the upper hand which would not have been the case had it been feigned. The remembrance o! a woman's cold, smiling face stood between him and the smile of any other woman. The weather was very sultry-bush fires were raging. All day long smoke hung in the air, casting a haze round the place and robbing the setting sun of his rays, till he sank like a ball of crimson, and as he disappeared point after point of fire gleamed oat on the ranges, till the scene presented the appearance of a bonfire illumination on a gigantic scale. Looked at from another point of view, there was oomething terribly menacing about these fires, even to an uninitiated eye, as they oircled two sides of the house, but there 77as no danger to the homestead, as it stood in ths centre of a great ring of ' clearing; the only trees about being a scattered group here and there. Effie insisted on going home; possessed by a vague restlessness which she did not understand, she was quite determined upon that point. Not being versed in the ways of ttfe bush, she had no idea that this was most inconvenient, for the men were away in the paddocks all day long, either beating out small fires or taking other precautions. Mr Miles would not leave the station, and as Mrs Miles objected to her going with one of the boys, as she called them, Paul Fielding saw nothing for it but to go himself. He assented, though not with a very good grace, to Mrs Miles' proposition, that he should ride over with Miss Denzil, but protested when she went on to say that they must start late in the afternoon ; however, as she insisted, he gave in. " Though the early morning would be better," he said ; " then I could get back here by nigbt. I really can't Bee why you could not let her go with one of the others." 41 If Tom Granger saw an emn in the distance he would be off after it, leaving Effie to follow as she might." "You do him injustice-they are all young monkeys, I admit, but anyone of them might be trusted to take care of Miss Denzil." " Oh, well, Mr Fielding, I prefer to send her in your care-h-there is no danger of fire on the way, is there ? " " Oh, no ; the fires are in the other direction. I'll have the horses roand at four sharp." The bash track to Yarraman Sornb wound for some miles over the Nandina Plains, and the heat being Yery great the riders took it easily. After about an hoar's riding the track took a sharp tarn to the right, leading up an incline covered with undergrowth. Fielding had to make what conversation there was, for Effie, beside being nerv®us and shy in his presence, was a good deal taken np with her horsemanship, or rather want of it, not being much at home in the saddle. Owing to this last, their progress was slow, and Fielding glanced impatiently and with some slight uneasiness at the top of a tree crowned hill over which the son had ' disappeared some time before. He longed to break into a canter at least, bnt he had to restrain himself. The road now wound down into the valley, which was already dark, twisting in and out between low hills, so that not mach of the country was visible at a time. Fires, looking like great red stars, shone out at a distance. The evening was very dark, and the heat intense. They had not expected to reach Yarraman Scrub mach before eight o'clock, bat Fielding, striking a match to look at his watch, saw that it only wanted a few minutes to nine. The air for many days past had been so thick and heavy with the smell and smoke of fire that he had not at first noticed how much more dense it was becoming as they advanced. He was awake to tbe fact now, how ever, and he looked with some excite ment at a long, red cloud that wore a magnificently threatening appearance, hanging as it did against the black sky. "Oh, what is that?" cried Effie, a sob oE terror in her voice. He tarned quickly. "The reflection of bash fires," he said reassuringly, but inwardly he felt anything bat comfortable, for another turn would bring them in eight of Yarraman Scrub, and he had become aware of an ever-deepening glow in the sky over the hilltops, the eight of which he did not like, though from an artistic point of view it was lovely, every tree, almost every leaf, standing out in bold, black outline against a background of molten gold, which was widening and spreading every moment. Effie gave an exclamation of mingled admiration and terror, then terror got the upper hand, and she began to cry. Fielding said what be could to cheer her, and led her horse to the turn of tbe road. There he. pulled up, and they both gazed in dead silence on the panorama before them. It seemed to them that the valley was fall of fire. Yarraman House stood oa a rising ground in the midst; of the Talley, and | round it on three sides seethed and I tossed great waves of golden flame. ! " The house has canghfc," muttered Fielding. "I told that fool Holland weeks ago that he ought to clear the trees off." Hot puffs of wind blew in their faces, and Effie shrieked aloud : "Are tbey burned to death? Oh, Mr Fielding, what shall we do? Can we not save them?" He had dismounted, and she jumped off, and tanning round to him clung to his arm. "No, no, they are all.right. Mrs Holland and the woman are on that hill," pointing to the cleared side of the house. "Come, let me mount you again ; I'll take yon over there while I go down and see if we can save any thing." " Ob, you mnsb not go down into the fire,' you must not indeed," she cried wildly, still clinging to his arm. He laughed, but he was not dis nleased. " Come, get on," he said peremp torily, lifting her to the saddle. Mr Holland and the men were hard at work dragging what they conld into a place of safety, and Fielding, after seeing Effie with Mrs Holland, went down to help them. To Effie, looking on in an agony of fear, it seemed that time after time he disappeared into the very heart of the flames, to emerge staggering nnder the weight of some article of furniture. The men running in and out of the flames looked like figures in Vulcan's fiery workshop in the heart of Monnt Etna. Now the shingle roof caught, and the flames rose up like a Viking's fire-shroud, golden red, into the black sky. Lower down little* tongues of flame spurted ont here and there, lick ing np the woodwork, curious green and blue lights flickering into them. Pre sently, with an awful crash, the roof fell in ; thick black smoke rose in clouds that for a time obscured the flames. Then Mrs Holland, who was a strong woman, gave way for the first time. She sank on her knees, wringing her hands and sobbing; and Effie knelt by her, clinging to her distracted, for they had not seen the men come ont. " Molly, old girl, is it the fonr walls you are taking to heart like this ?" asked a cherry voice, which was, never theless, a little broken, and in a moment Mrs Holland was in her husband's arms. Fielding was coming np the slope with the other men, but he tamed to look at the burning house, and evidently came to the conclusion that he could save something more, for he turned suddenly and ran back. No one noticed him but Effie ; right into the flames he disappeared. She stood with her hands clasped tightly together in agony of suspense so great that she could utter no sound. Then she drew her breath with a deep sob, for he was again visible, carrying something-he was safe-but-was he 7 She had scarcely time to think so j when his foot slipped or caught in something. He fell heavily to the ground, and the flames passed over him. She flew down the hill, over the blackened ground, among the sparks and falling timber, and would most certainly have been killed had not a strong arm snatched her and lifted her j bodily out amid a shower of falling! sparks into the open. j " What in the devil's name are you' doing down here ?" asked the owner of the arm angrily; but she cared neither for words nor tone, for the vo\ce was Fielding's. , "I left you safe," he went on, his arm still round her ; " what induced you j to run into the very heart of the fire ?" He spoke in an impatient tone that required an answer, and she said in little gasps : "I saw-you fall-and I thought you would be killed." He looked down at her, bat the fall significance of what she had said did not strike him till one day, weeks later, when the words and their meaning came home to him like a sharp blow. Even at the time, however, he was not uumoved ; the excitement he had jnst gone through, the way in which Effie, heedless of her own danger, had ru3hed into the fire to find him-senseless, as he deemed it-and now her face, pale and yet joyfnl, all combined, made him lose his head a little. He bent down suddenly and let his lips touch the dark hair for a second. The next in stant he was ashamed of himself, but jnst then the Hollands came up, and he consoled himself with the thought that in the excitement his little action had passed unnoticed by the girl. It had not, however. " We must take the road again," he said briskly, "to find a roof to cover us Don't fret for the homestead, Mrs Holland. You've no idea what builders we are here. We'll have another house up in a fortnight. We've saved most of the furniture." The horses were all safe, and in a Bhort time each one was mounted, and the party on their way to Nandina. A month had passed. The Hollands and Effie Denzil were in their new house, which had been hastily ran up. Mr Miles was away, and Fielding was playing a lone hand in the manage ment of Nandina, Two of the lads had gone over to a neighbouring station for a coaple of days' emu hunting, and, carried away by their high spirits, had there played some boyish pranks, which had greatly incensed the Fquatter, who had com plained to Fielding. The latter, annoyed that it shonld hays happened in the manager's absence, and barely old enough to err on the side of mercy, had made things pretty hot for the young gentlemen, and they were plan ning a way of being reyenged on him as they lounged on the grassy bank below the verandah -planning goad-humoured)y, for, notwithstanding his late severity, they liked Fielding. The plan gave rise to a good deal of laughter. " Then that's settled," said Granger, rising to his feet, " Bight you are," said Mason, the Australian youth, between whiffs of his pipe, but Edwin Bane, the other Englishman, raised himself on his elbow. " I say you fellows," he said, " don't you think you are carrying it a bit too far. It seemB to me the point of the joke won't fall where you want it to." " Shut up, Ned, you're always preach ing. You've got no voice in the matter -you were not in the scrape." "Well," 'said Bane doubtfully, "I don't like it, and I'll have nothing to do with it." " All right. We can manage with out you. Well, Granger, Thursday is April Fool's day, and--" The two went off laughing, and Bane let himself slip down on the grass again, and went to sleep-he had had a har£ day's riding. Oa the first of April Fielding rose early and rode off to one of the bash paddocks, not returning till the middle of the day. When he came in he went straight to his room, and the three young men watched him as he went, two with suppressed merriment, one with doubt. "I suppose Mr Fielding has not come in," remarked Mrs Miles, as they sat down to dinner some half hour later, and he did not appear. The three looked guiltily at one another. As no one answered, the maid said : " Mr Fielding came in, but he's took his horse and gone off again." He had, indeed, taken his horse and ridden off at a gallop, simply because he dared not trust himself to stay in the house. All the anger that he ever felt in his life was as a drop in the ocean to the raging fury that possessed him. After a mile or two at racing epeed the horse -pulled up of his own accord near a branch of the creek, and Fielding flung himself off and sat down on the bank to think. Ha drew a little crumpled note from the pocket into which he had thrust it, and smoothing it oat, read it again while the blood boiled in his vein?, and his fingers ached to hare hold of the three young men at Nandina. Every word of the little note struck him like a blow with its innocent almost childlike trust. It was a simple little note, accepting joyfully his offered love, and saying that the writer loved him, and it was signed " Effie Denzil." And he had never offered her his love ; he bad no lore for her to offer. He crushed his heel into the ground, and swore aloud. He remembered how she had rushed into the fire, and her words when he asked her why she went. He remembered also how he bad kissed her -he corered his face with his hands and groaned aloud. He had found the little note on his table, when he got home, and had picked it up carelessly and broken the seal, recognising Effie Denzil's hand writing, and wondering what in the world she could be writing to him about. It did not take him long to infer what had happened-he recalled sundry things that had made no im pression on him at the time. " The dastardly cnra!" he cried, standing with his riding-whip in his hand. He made a step in the direction of the young men in the next room, and it would have been ill for them, and worse for himself, had he gone in then ; but, with an almost superhuman effort he controlled himself, and going ont the other way, found his horse and galloped off. The long, hot afternoon wore wearily away ; the sun set in a gorgeous heaven of flame colour and purple cloud, and thunderous night settled down over the station, and still Fielding did not re turn. Mrs Miles wondered openly, the other three in uneasy silence, orer bis absence. " Gentlemen, Mr Fielding wants you in his room," said the maid at the door. " Then be has come back," said Mrs Miles, relieved. The three went in with downcast faces like schoolboys going for a reprimand. Fielding stood by the mantelpiece, the lamp swinging from the ceiling cast a strong light on hi? face, which was pale and grim. When they had come in he went over to the door, closed it, set his back against it and stood there, one hand hanging down, the other clenched inside the breast of his coat. There were other doora in the room unlocked, bat his countenance looked ill for anyone who shonld attempt to go. "I hare no words," he began in low, stern tones, " in which to describe your conduct. If yon don't feel the shame of ii? yourselves, nothing that I can say will bring it home to yon-so-we will let that pass-but," with slow emphasis, " if yon thought for a moment that I, Paul Fielding, was a contemptible cnr such as you three have proved yourselves to be, you were mistaken," He paused-the withering scorn in his voice stung them to the quick. " You will have the goodness to repeat to ma the terms in which you couched the lying letter that yon wrote in my name." No one spoke. " If you do not answer, it will be the worse for you." \- Then Tom Granger stepped forward. 41 I'm desperately Borry," he stam mered oct, in a choked voice ; " I am, Fielding, upon my, honor. I suppose you think I have no honor," he went on passionately,but I never looked on it in that way-never till this minute-I'm awfully sorry, indeed," he ended almost in a sob. . Fielding waited. " I can't remember the exact igords of the letter, but it was my idea. Bans I had nothing to do with it, and Mason very little. It just said that you loved her, and asked for her love in retnrn. I thought she'd think it was a kind of valentine, I did indeed. I scarcely thought of ier at all." " If you were gentlemen," said Field ing, in catting tenes, "I should ask each of yon to give me hi? word that no syllable of this matter should ever be mentioned even among yourselves. As it is, each one of you shall take his oath on the Bible to that effect before leav ing this room. Miss Deozil must never know that I did not write that letter." " Then you are going to marry her," gasped Tom. " Am I a dishonorable scoundrel 7" asked Fielding, and the lad shrank back as if he had been struck. " Good Hea vens ! I never thought of her accept ing," he mattered in consternation. They teok the oath Fielding dictated to them, and left the room, divided between shame and anger and reluctant admiration of the man who would not let the girl be put to shame. Paul Fielding threw np his appoint ment on the Naodina Station, to the no small amazement of his friends and acquaintances, and he and his wife went out west. Many were the gaesses hazarded as to his reasons for such a move, but they all fell short of the truth. Three men alone had any idea of his motives in the matter, and those three held their tongues. # * * * * Goonoorie was a pretty, yet curiously built dwelliing. Creeping plants were trained against the wide veramdahs, and the door of a bush-house, half open, displayed a rare collection of ferns. These vrere Effie's care. I There was a delightful morning fresh ness in the air, and a wonderful beauty | of clear light and soft shadow over the landscape, for it was early autumn, and the subtle hint of coming winter gave a touch of higher beauty to the lingering | summer, just as a suggestion of grayer thought refines and deepens a happy nature. i The Fieldiogs had just finished breakfast. Paul was playiog with his son and heir, and Effie looked the per* Bonification of happiness as her eyes, which had been wandering over the wide stretch of undulating plain to the wind ing rirer shining in the early light, returned to rest upon her husband and son. . Paul, too, looked exceedingly well content. As a matter of fact he seldom recalled the unpleasant little episode con nected with his marriage, and would have felt quite unreasonably angry had anyone suggested that he had not chosen Effie him3elf. " Paul, there are some cattle on the road-one of the men has left them and is riding np here, and-yes, I am sure ic is Tom Granger." A dark frown gathered on Fielding's brow ; he put down the child and went out hastily, Effie looked after him anxiously. She had often wondered why her husband disliked the three young men at Handina. She took the child in her arms and went slowly across the hall to the end window, from which she could see the three men. Tom Granger was speaking, and his words came clearly to her ears. " I was passing," he explained quickly," and I could not resist running up, just for. a minute. Don't you think it's time you forgave me. Fielding ? It's nearly two years ago, and I have not done you so much harm after all. I beard a fellow the other day say that yon.and your wife were the happiest couple he knew, and I oould have hugged him-I oonld, indeed. And oa my word I never meant anything but a joke-I never thought Bhe'd accept you, I did not indeed- and I never onoe thought of the position I was putting her in Oh, bless my soul! " He had looked up in time to see Effie move away from the window, and, cursing his clumsy tongue, he went off. Effie was very quick at patting ! things together-too quick, almost.' It had struck her once or twice that her hnab&nd;'a writing had changed a good .deal. She turned back throngh the hall with a vary slow step, bnt the boy was in a merry mood, hiding his iaoe in her neck and laughing, and she had to play with him. She got her desk, and taking out the letter, sat down to think ; bat the same thing happened then-how could she make herself miserable when the boy was so well and happy? when J?aul looked as he had looked that morning, and yet, he had never written that letter J Tom Granger had written it for a joke-for a joke! And Paul, knowing all, had married her to save her from the feeling of shame. A warm glow of lore and admiration for the man who had done this lifted her for a moment above all thoaght of herself. How happy they had been, but there was no foundation for their happiness. Yet she was sare he loved her now. It was, however, a very miserable little face that was lifted to Paul Fielding as he came in. At the sight of it, and of the letter in her hand, he hesitated-his own face pale-but only for a moment, the next he had his arm aronnd her as she rose, and taking the letter from her hand tore it into little bits, " Let the cursed thing go," he said ; " our love shall rest on something truer." She took courage from his words; "You did not write that, Paul?" her voice trembled. " I did not write it, Effie," he said after a pause, and his voice was hoarse ; " but I am telling you the truth now, and if you will not believe my words literally you will wreck both our lives. I love you. You are dearer to me than any woman in the world or oat of it. I would not change my little -wife for anything in the shape of blessing that could be offered to me, by Heaven, I would not 1" She felt bis arms olose tighter ronnd her. Like many very sensitive people, she was qniok to recognise truth, and it rang unmistakably in her husband's tones. She would not tarn from the glorious noonday of her happiness to mourn over shadows-shadows, too, which belonged to the past. Surely to do that would be rank ingratitude as well as folly. After a silence that seemed terribly long to Paul, waiting in suspense, she looked up, smiling brightly, though tears were on her lashes. "Sarely, Paul," she said, "if you love me and are happy, it is inconsistent of you not to forgive Tom Granger, who was the cause of your happineBB." He did not ansirer at once. To bis surprise his voice was not quite under control. Then he said: " I) pon my word, darling, you are a better reasoner than I. I'll ride after him, and bring him back to Iunoh." 