THE MERCURY. HOBART: FRIDAY, FEB. ¡S, 18W. 8P1TOME OF NE W8. Mr. E. Hawson on South Africa, Mechanics' Hall, to-night. Illustrated lecture. Tasmanian Permanent Building Society dividend of 2s. in the £1 payable to-day. Hobart Savings Bank closes to-day and to-morrow for purpose of balancing accounts. Coroner's jury consider fire at 211, Elisa- beth-street was wilfully csusod, Booths for Butchers Races on Wednesday will be let to-morrow by Mr. J. W. Abbott. Trip per Nubeena to Eaglehawk hock to-day postponed on account of accident Hot war of words at inquest on Talisker fire yesterday. Tasmanian Taxpayers' Association has raised protest against the Metropolitan Drainage Scheme. Nubeena, «.»., and ketch Alabama collided in the Channel yesterday, and ihe latter was sunk. V Reynolds k Co. have purchased steamers and plant of the Launceston United Steam- ship Co. Public trial of the Massey-Horris culti- vator at Mr. G. Manning's farm, Old Beach, to-morrow. Tbo good work being done at tho St. Joseph's Orphango was shown at the annual meeting last evening. Ferryman named Elliott, at the Narrows, between Southport and Recherche, found dead in his garden. Suffocated by a bush- fire. Silver quotation, 31 1-l6d. More massacres in Armenia. Turkey borrowing two millions sterling at Vienna. Heavy rains and floods again reported from Queensland. Lord Brassey entertained yachtsmen at dinner last evening. American Jingoísta working up agitation against Spain. Rev. James Maher appointed R.C. Bishop of Port Augusta. J. W. Parsons has cycled one mile in 2min. 2sec. Cricket match, Intercolonial Team e. Aus- tralian Eleven, will be played on March 6. Forty thousand British volunteers join the July army manouvres. The Porte favours the purchase of Cyprus by the British Government. Marble bust of Cosmo Nuwbiiry has been unveiled in Technological Museum, Mel- bourne. Comprehensivo scheme projected in Eng land tor providing' adequate rifle ranges foi volunteers and militia. Victorian Legislativo Council have agreed that voting for delegates to Federation Con- vention shall be done through the post President Crespo favours arbitration in adjustment of matters in dispute between Veoetuela and Groat Britain. Important military position in Cuba cap- tured by Spanish troops, and order restored in rural districts of the island. ' Bill to reinstate evicted Irish tenants, and extinguish arrears of rent, has been rejected by the House of Commons, Nome Vremya, St. Petersburg dally paper, counsels France, Germany, and Russia to up- hold the Sultan's proposals as r. gards Egyptian administration. Residents of Perth, W.A., insisting that the railways and post and telegraph offices shall be placed under competent manage- ment Czar of Russia mskes presents to Sultan of Turkey. The Sultan makes a present to the French President. Lord Salisbury i« also to be tho recipient of an honourable gift Transvaal Government denies that there is 1 any truth In recent statements concerning the Jameson episode, as published by De Folktttem. It is gratifying to find that the City Council is at last waking up to a perception of its duty in regard to the sanitary work, though why it should have been so long asleep is one of the mysteries connected with that body. All and more than it talked about yesterday should have been as familiar as household words long ago, so thal there never should have been any need for the agitations which have caused scares amongst visitors, who fly from ' a few cases of typhoid here to Melbourne, where they can be counted by the score. The Mato» is, no doubt, quite right in much that he says, for the city has a health record surpassed by very few places in the whole world, but he fails to see that this does not alter the fact that there are omissions, nuisances, and general neglect here which get the place a bad name, and are the cause of much remark by visitors. And, in connection with this, it is idle for the City Engineer or anyone else to give us details of the work said to be done, because our own senses tell us that the work is not done. If we compare the surface state of Hobart with many other places, places much less advan- tageously situated, we shall perceive at I once how backward we are, which we take to arise from the general in- efficiency that prevails. This is the secret of much of the evil that exists, and which will always exist so long as more life andvigour are not infused into the Corporation work. Take sanitary inspection, for example, which is and has been little better than a farce for years. Notorious nuisances were allowed to remain in spite of com- plaints, and to this day there is no inspection worthy of the name. The proof 'of this is found in the En- gineer's own report. Such things as he describes, wbich go to show the dirty habits of many of the people, could not exist if there was a live sanitary department, for an inspector would stop them in a very "short time. In this want of efficiency is to be found the origin of many 'of the small evils which go to make , up a generally bad reputation, and if the Council will Bet to work and remedy these it will have done a great deal of what is required. As to the nuisance said to ' arise from slops being poured into the gutters there is a exeat deal of exaggeration, for in other places where all the slops necessarily go that way, because there are no creeks and no underground drainage, no evil effects are to be discovered. The reason is, that the gutters are properly made and are kept properly clean, and the people are taught to dispose of their" slops in a proper manner, even as the Engineer Has suggested. There is no Idoubt that the people- might help the 'Corporation much more than they do, but they* are only beginning to learn, and require to be taught the simple elements of sanitary arrangements. These the Corpora- tion should teach by instituting a thorough system of inspection, with the enforcement of penalties against all who create the nuisances described, and they would very soon learn to do better. But, the Council and its officers must wake up. They must do their portion of the work, and then the citizens will learn to do theirs, and a whole host of troubles will vanish, and nobody will be able to say how. In «be month of the Hobart fiivnkt and the cobble-stone Rutters the Council has two difficult problems, which will, we fear, tax all its resources. The Rivulet requires a considerable sum of money to be spent upon it to make it what it should bo, and we fear that the sum required will exceed the present means of the Cor- poration. Tlie Marino Board, cer- tainly, is bound to give all the aid it can in the matter, for the work is one which is partly within its jurisdiction, and one that concerns the salubrity and popularity of the port. Though the Admiral did not utter all tho threats attributed to him, most per- sons know that the officers complained very much of the odours that reached the ships, of which the Corporation and the Marine Board combined ought to be at least somewhat ashamed. We cannot, of course, venture to express an opinion as to what is best to be done to render the Rivulet all that it should be, but we are sure that if the Corporation will continue to work with the same spirit as that with which it has begun, and the Marine Board does its proper share, the work may be accomplished to the general satisfaction. As for the gutters, whioh are a simple' abomina- tion, they make a costly matter, which can only be accomplished at a considerable expense, but which should be accomplished if at all within the means of the Council. Alderman Davies says that he has a plan which he will disclose shortly, and if he has one that will solve the problem, he will make a name for himself, and confer a very great benefit on the public. Proper gutters kept clean, as they might be, as they are elsewhere, will go far to remove those bad im- pressions of the city which visitors 'are apt to receive and exaggerate when they go away. And, we may tell the Mayor and some of the Aldermen that they will do well not to trouble themselves about the deep drainage scheme, for in regard to that a great deal remains to be said and done At present it is only in the embryo state. We have not yet got as far as having a survey that can be relied upon, and such a survey must be the foundation of the whole scheme. Mr. C. Napier Bell's Report is, of course, based on the assumption that the preliminary work has been accurately and thoroughly done, as are one or two, opinions ex- pressed by other persons, but not one of them will undertako to accept the work as it stands. It follows that the estimates of cost are uncertain, because no one has ascertained the facts on which accu- rate estimates must be based, and this will be a fatal objection to the adoption of the scheme in its present form. There are other objections, such as to the running of the sewage into the river at the point chosen, not to speak of the expense, which is quite indefinite, so that the scheme may be set aside as far as the present require ments of the city are concerned. More- over, whatever the Council may do in the way of making better gutters, getting them properly cleaned, and enforcing general sanitary arrange- ments by providing for the quicker re- moval of refuse, will be valuable what- ever drainage scheme may be carried out. But, as the scheme proposed is so doubtful and uucertain, the Council should go to work as if it did not exist, and we venture to say that if it goes to work properly it will render the scheme quite unnecessary for some years at least. There was a time when at sight of a comet consternation reigned, alike in the heart of the erudite and the vulgar, and when conjectures of probable evil from the ndvent of the fearful light were wild to the very verge of nmdntss. Gradually, as the march of invention facilitated observation and a more accurate estimate of influences, the fears of the erudite - never, of course, very blatantly expressed - died put. By degrees, too, the common folk come to view a comet with calm, even though timid, minds. For a day comes when your comet could be investigated, and ren dered_ co some measure fanular, and familiarity; breeds contempt. To-day there are few of us who take our comets seriously : we _ regard them, when they are of sufficient size and prominence to be seen without trouble, as a kind of celestial effort at pyro- technics, possessing little intrinsic charm save such as always attaches to a free show. Also-so far away are the old, fearsome, romantic days, we know when to expect our comets, and whore tolookforthem,audgrumbleifthechosen night be cloudy. We are told by 1 scientists, for instance, that "of all the periodical comets whose orbits are known with some accuracy, two only are due to return to perihelion in 189C." Of these two, it appears, one has already been seen seven times, the other once. >The first was discovered by M. Faye in Paris in 1843, and (so far as this peculiarly pompous little globe of ourii ia concerned) bears that savant's name. It will appear on March 19, unless the cosmic arrangements have, changed. It is not visible to the naked I eye. The second comet -was discovered by Mr. Brooks, an astronomer, of New York, in 1889. Around this comet much discussion among the learned has centred-discussion which, for obvious reasons, cannot be summarised here. But the American comet may " happen along " this year. It may not : it is, apparently, a somewhat erratic comet, and unreliable. AH of which, and much more to the same tune, is very edifying. Only the weary man awaits with some impatience the advent of the seer who shall tell him (confiden- tially), when silver will rise, and what particular mining scrip is likely to jump first and highest. That seer, alas ! cometh not, Therb are many things'that may happen to a man in Australia, not ex- cepting most of the ills 'that flesh is heir to, not only in the ciiilised regions of Europ?, but here at the Antipodes also. One of the exotics of social life, ¡if it may be so called, not only on account of its rarity, but of the heat i with which it is raised, the action fur ¡divorce, is thus common to the whole {world, but as everything Australian is, and may be expected to be, tinged with (Peculiarities associated with its mubh roora-like growth, so the Australian demands for dissolution of marriage are to be found grounded upon circum- stances peculiar to its national Ufa In one of them, therefore, recently before the Brisbane Courts it is no wonder to find that tea-drinking, the source of so much domestic misery everywhere, has even become the basis of a matrimonial Buit. That is to say, it was the tea that was complained of more than the drinking. If drinking had been adhered to there need have been no suit at all ; but Mr. Miles, the brutal defendant, waa not content with consuming his ?hare of the family beverage, be cook to throwing it, over hi* uofertenate »rifasBrteaa <af «town bia ewa.tareeç and that, also, as the evidence wont to show, in too ¡hot,a condition even for external application! Mrs. Milos i could stand a good deal of tea ! most ladies can. She liked it, too, liol, 1 strong and sweet, but this hot sort oj supply was too strong altogether, ami not sweet at all, and so to tho Court she went asking that in future sim may have her tea alone anti drink it pro- perly. The ouly defence for Mr. Miles conduct seems to lie in his being a torpedo instructor, and so continu- ally, therefore, in the habit of hurling projectiles of a harmless character in timo of peace that he may have, in a moment of abstraction, thought he was engaged in his ordinary business avo- cation and mibtaken his teacup for the more deadly weapon. Kor the Court to declare that he is, therefore, not lit for a tea-drinking woman to live with will be a sort of general declaration of war against peaceable torpedo instruc- tors, many or whom are spread through- out the colonies, and all of whom might, on occasion, be affected by the decision. The case has, therefore, an intercolonial aspect ; a common danger threatens an honest calling, and as Miles v. Miles stands adjourned until March!) the representatives of the craft may very well unite in their own de- fence to prevent such a calamity being propelled against them. ZIoi/uV« Register Shipbuilding Returns for the quarter ending December 31 last shows that the British maritime trade keeps well abreast of other forward movements Steam vessels under con- struction numbered 317, with a gross tonnage of 078,318, as compared with 281 and tonnage 632,443 on December 31,1804. Sailing vessels numbered 377, with tonnage 711,562, as compared with 324 and tonnage 658,280 ; the ligures thus exceeding those reported 12 months ago by about 03,000 tons. Of the vessels under construction in the United Kingdom at the end of Decem- ber last, 287 of 673,150 tons were under the supervision of the surveyors of Lloyd's Register with a view to classifi- cation by this society. In addition, 25 vessels of 03,603 tons were building abroad with a view to classification. The total building at the end of the year under the supervision of Lloyd's Register was thus, 322 vessels of 636,819 tous. It is worthy of remark that the sailing vessels under construc- tion numbered only 60 as coin pared with 317 steamers, and that of these sailing craft only 13 were of 1,000 touB to 1,09!) tons and 3 of 2,000 tons. Steam for large bottoms is steadily usurping sails. Of the steamers Under construction 154'ranged from 2,000 tons, to 6,000 tons, while 9 others ranged up to 10,000 tons and 1 exccededthatineasuroment. The British warships under construction at the Royal Dockyards numbered 16, with an aggregate displacement of 129,630 tons. In private yards 40 British warships were in hand, with an aggregate dis- placement of 132,330 tons. Foreign warships in- course of construction in private yards numbered 12, with a tonnage of 44,620. The total output of shipbuilding for the year 1895 was less than that of 1894 by over 95,000 tons, owing in great measure to tin excess of launches in 1893 and 1894. Tho war- ship- tonnage -launched, in 1895 has, however, exceeded, that launched in 1894 by upwards of 115,000 tons dis- placement. If these figures be included in the comparison, the output of 1895 has exceeded that of 1894 by 20,000 tons. The figures are large and indicate' almost unlimited capabilities of ex- pansion if need arises for supplementing the floating strength of the British Navy. _ IrxusnuTioNs in Inn j" Tasmanian Mail "-The principal part of tho pictures iu this week's issue of The Tasmanian Mail are representations of scenes upon the route of the Mount Lyell railway, the line now under construction to connect Zeehan and the other moro settled districts ot the West Coast of the colony, with Tee-poo-kana, Gormanston, and the rest of the more re- cently populated localities. The work in undertaken hy the principal mining oom pany in the district, and our views show the present waterside terminus of the line upon tho King Kiver ; the engineering staff, under their chief, Mr. Driffield ; and a ballast depotit sit a spot on the Une whore a cutting ia being proceeded with. A very guod idea is thus given of the difficulties to be nego- tiated in the opening up of the Wild Weat, as well as of tbe beauty of the scenery which the line will eventually traverse to the delight of the tourist of the future. A curiouB and quaint country scene is tho cnBtumo crioket matob group, taken outside Mr. Barwick's store at Mathinna, this being the form of festivity deoided upon in tho distriot to celebrate the inauguration of u Wednesday half-holiday ; another group gives the workers aud offico-beircrs nt the Chalmers Churoh Oldo Garden Fayre, re- cently held with munn success in aid of the organ fund. Tho Mathinna group is by Mr. Fred. Williamson, a photographer of that township, while the Hobart ladies and gentlemen are indebted to the skill of Mr, X. Ora «ford, tho Murray-street photographer, for the capital way in which their efforts are thus permanently recordod. Sectional draw- ings, showing in useful st) le the principal points of a horse, complete the contents of this week's picture pages. Tim Eníílish Mails.-Tho English mails, ex K.M.S. Rome, arrived ut Melbourne yesterday morning, and the Tasmanian portion was forwarded in the afternoon by the s.S. Glenelg. , Income Tax Appeals.-The Chief Justice was yesterday morning engaged, in Cham; hers, hearing appeals under the Income Tax Act. The Court was further adjourned till 12th prox., , . Diphtheria.-A correspondent sends ub an extraat, reprinted in the Family Herald of Februury 15, 1879, from the Jloburl Town Mercury, giving pirtioulars of the use of sulphur by one Dr. field for the cure of diphtheria. The remedy is a, well-known and well-tried one, but, unfortunately, it is not so certain as our correspondent supposes. Ihr (.'ai'e Commissionrrs. - Messrs. Halse and Visser, the Agricultural Commis- sioners from Capo Colony, yesterday in- spected Messrs. Gibsons' stud flocks at, Scone, and Mr. Field'B horsebreeding estab-, lishment at Calstock. They leave Devon- port to-day for Melbourne per s.S. Bellinger. Br.vevolkmt Society.-Tho usual weekly meeting of the Ex cn live Committee of the Benevolent Society was hold yestenluy afternoon. Present :-Rev. J. W. diinmoos (in the chair), the Rev. W. H. Root; Mesara. G. S. Seabrook, J. Baily, and T. Mather. The report «bowed that during the week 270 families had been reliovéd, including 239. men, 244 women, and 460 children ; total, 043. Fresh applications for aid were noted in seven cases. Hobart Teachers' Guild.-The quarterly meeting of this guild will be held in the oomaiittee-room, Town-hall, at 8 to-night. Paper« on subjects of educational interest will bo read by Mr. G. E. Clark, Professor W. H. Williams, and Miss Hurst. Visitors are invited. Visitors' Excursions. - Reference to advertisement will show that the favourite pnssenger steamer Huon i will make another special vUltor»' trip to the Huon River and Franklin ports on Monday morning next, also a fishing excursion, weather permitting, down tb« Channel to-mono w afternoon. Telegraph Interruption.-The Penin ?ula line between Tsranbàlastt nubeena bas been interrupted «ince 2 25 p m. yesterday. A Bokin Rib. - John, Underwood, a resident of Snug River, 33 year* oi age, fell down the hold of a.cnift yesterday, and Was 'taken to the General Hospital, where it was ascertained that one of his ribs Was fractured. Tbk Oaseade Bottled Ale wins high ap- proval among; visitors from every clime ' A Foolish Freak,-On Wednesday night a raliway »leeper wss laid aoross the rails ol the Main Line, between Brldgo and High streets. Ross, but fortunately it waa dis- covered and moved shortly before the pass- ing of the up mail train, Yesterday Superintendent Propsting arrested Ernest Clark, a. lad aged 14 years of age, for tho offence. The accused will appear before the Magistrates to-day. "HEALTH l8 THK GREATKST OV AU POSSESSIONS, and 'tis a maxim with ma that a Hale Cobbler is bettor than a Sick King."-BICKBR8TAKF. A natural wa) of re storing or preserving health. Uhe KNOB FRUIT SALT" (prepared from sound, ripe fruit). It Is a pleasant beverage, both cool- ing, nimbin* and invigorating. Caution. Examine each bottle and see the capsule 1« marked .. UNO'S FRUIT 8AI.T." Without ft you bava been imposed on by a worthless imita «Liïoffi&J;ïlÎî.i1..?*0* Patentât ?NOB ï FRUIT HALT" WORKS .LONDON 'ULJAMsV UCWaas*. I*L JaáuV Fir« Inquest.-An Irqnlry'wa« held yes-' (erday morning at the Old Bell Ion, Eliza- beth-street, before Mr. Coronor A. Riddoch and a jury (of whom Mr. C. U. Haywood was foreman), into the circumstances at- tending the outbreak of fire ut No. 211, E izabeth-street on the 20th in«t. Edward Maher, Superintendent of the Hobart Fir» 1 Brigido, stated that about 1.15 a.in. on the day in question he reoeived information that a hay and corn store in Kliziheth-street, ocoupied by Mr. iV. T. Thorpe, formerly known a* Elliott's, wa« on fine. Fou<id the tire was confined to the insldo of the store, the body of tho fiie being near tho middle window in Mr. Day's lane. Tho storo contained bales of nay and straw, which wr.re removed into the street. Then- was a good supply of water, and tho fire was soon got tinder. Did not smell any kerosene. Had suggested at a previous fire on the premises tint shutteis should be provided for the windows of this «tore. William Townsend Tnorpe, igenoral dcaler.of Liverpool-.trcet,etated that he rented No. 211, Elizabeth-street, from a Mr. Elliott, and used it as a breach store. A boy came to his boase about 1.45 a.m. on 20th ¡nat., and stated that the Elizibeth streot «tore wa« on fire. Got up and went to the place ; the fire waa then out. Had not been to the store «Ince tho previous Sttur day evening, when it waa pretty full. Roughly estimated value of contents at between £36 and £40, und the damage at a little over £25. Wss) insured in the Com- mercial Union Fire Ollice. The content« of the front building were insured for £59, Knew of no one who would wish to s-t his place on fire. To the foreman : Had the store been provided with shutter« it would have beon «ecure. Charles Day, painter, residing next door to where the fire occurred, gave evidence that between a quarter and 20 minute« past 1 o'clock on the morning of the 26th iuit. hi« mother, who lived nilli bim, awakened him by calling out " Fire." Went to her roam, and saw a fire in the store opposite. A oartway «oparates the house from the store Went out into the street, and gave an alarm ; also roused Andiuws, the stcronioj, who lives at tho other end of the building, and two otlur persons. A'so infnmed a constable There was a patch of aro about 4fr. square when he first saw it, right in the centre of the middlo window. Had notoed a pane of glass had been broken in this window for »tweial week« past. Saw no one about in the street when he first went out. There wa« a light upstairs in the public- house opposite. When he first went up oloee to the window he cou id smell turpentine. The gateway between witness' property an'd the .tore was a thoroughfare. There waa room fur a person to gee under the gate when it was shut. Nad not the slightest doubt tiUt that the Uro was cauted wilfully. Thought the «turc «honld have been better protected ; shutters or a wire- mttiog would have been a safeguard. George Andrews, storeman, employed by Mr. Thorpe, stated i hat he resided on the premises at No. 211, lilliubeth Btreet. Went to bed about 11 30 on the previous night; wa» aroused hy the witness Day shortly after 1 a.m. Thr'fire was in front of the middle window, some derrick.pressed I straw being alight. < poned tho door of the , store, and t neu went to get his children out of the building,.,' The broken pane of glose waa within easy reach of a grown person. Had clo>ed .the premise« juat before 8 o'olook the provious evening. No oil or turpen'ine had boen kept in the «tore. Could give no information as to how the fire occurred. Heury Inns, Constable, City Police, deposed that be received the alarm from Mr. Day. Sent a man at once to the Superintendent of the Fire Brigade. Had passed the «toro a quarter of an hour previously, and had uotiosd no fire, nor had he seen anyone about. Had not detected any smell of turpentine when he first approaohed the fire, Thi« was, all the evidenoe, and the jury-returned a verdiot that the fire waa wilfully caused by some person or person« unknown. A rider was also added to the effect that the jury were desirous of calling the attention of the Insurance Cos., to the necessity for better protection and safeguards against fire in the above and similar premises in the city. Cuy Police Cotjrt. - At this Court yesterday, before Messrs, Chss. Harbottle and R. Shirley Hales, Js.P., George Hough was brought up charged with deserting from the barque Lufra at Hobart on 21st ulc. The vessel having left the port there was no evidenco udduced against accused, and he was accordingly discharged. Thomas Hines was oharged with being of an uneound mind at New Tonn on 27th ¡nat., and not being under proper care and control. Ho waa remanded to the General Hospital till 12th prox. for observation. Wentworth Bardy, Frederick A. Sherrin, Henry Shirley, Frances M, Firth, Henry Jones, David Johnstone, and F. J. Piko, for breach's of the Codlin Moth Act, were each fined 10a. In the first three cases thu costa wire remitted. Clarence Court ok General Sessions. At this Court yesterday two judgment sum injnuoB (Gill v. Kiley and Wilson ii. Hanch) were adjourned «me die. An order to show oiuse was made io the oaso of Ward v. Bantick. A oluim for hospital fees was withdrawn for settlement, and the case of Superintendent Morriaby v. Keen, being u olaim for school fees, resulted in a verdict for the defendant. Alfred McDermott ob- tained a coach liceuse to ply between Bellerive and Sandford, and R. Daly as driver for tho same. Clarence Assessment Appeal Court. This Court was hold yestorday beforo the Bon. Henry Lamb, M.L C, aud Mr. F. Ham- mond. Mr. John Chipman, Clarence Plains, appealed against tho long-standing assess- ments of his properties, and the same were roduced £10, £40, and £5 respectively. Mr. D. Stanfield, properly which hud been reducod from £160 to £150 - ho no* further appealed, and another £6 reduction was made. Mr.'Blythe, property at Roeney, the ussessmenc of which had been reduced from £130 to £110. The Cunrt now dcoided to refuse to make a further reduction. Mr. D. Calvert appealed with respect to three properties, but as he did not appear in person, the Court had no alternative but to dismiss appeals. The same resulted with re speotto appeals entered by Mr. E. T. Tin- ning, as agent for Mrs. Joseph. Walter Pedder appealed against his assessment of | £45, but as the new assessment had not yet been duly returned with respecto this pro petty, the appeal could not bo beard. Mr. Joseph Salmon, of Acton, Cambridge, got a reduotion of £5 each with respect to two properties, which had previously been re- duced from £300 to £300. Police Funeral.-Yesterday the remains of Constable Tur bet were interred at Corno lian Bay Cemetery, the Rev. Dr. Scott officiating. In addition to the immodiate, relatives of the deceased 50 members of tho Hobart City Polico followed their comrade to his last resting place. Superintendent Pedder, Inspoctor Connor, Sub-Inspector Kemp, and Inspector Hedbcrg of the Terri- torial Police, were also in attendance. The pall-bearers were Constables Crane, Long, Clark (No. 1), and Williams. There was a 'profusion of floral tributes, promin<ntly a beautiful wreath from the members of the Police Force. The helmet nf the deceased was also placed on the coffin, and marked with his official number, "16." Mr. A, J. Clark, of Collins-street, performed the under- taker'« duties in bis usual efficient manner, Unolaimld Telegrams.-Messages ad- dressed William Stewart, Hobart; P. Murphy, Westella; and W. 8. Vernon, Hobart, await claimants at the Telegraph Office. Boora AraioA.-Major-Qenersl Tottenham will take the chair at Mr. Hawson'« lecture to-night. Selections will be given by the 8cr*u«a muddan», Admiuion will be free, but a collection will be made for church funds. Longford.-Our correspondent writes : On Wednesday night, 10th but., a travelling dramatic company played Uncle Tom's Cabin to a very poor House. Tbey returned on Saturday Crace night), and played The Wearin o' the Oreen. This'time tbey had a very large audienoe. The blind singers are to be hera at the end of this week. We have had very heavy rains recently, followed by cold weather. ' i "The Finest Jam« in Tasmania; one pound, full weight, tins. Vf. D. Peacock AMD uo." An Odourless Region.-lu that country onoe known as the "Great American Desert," ,embraciog a portion of Texas and Arizona, there »re no odour«,,There luscious grape« and many other fruit« grow, especially near the cross-timbor country, but' there is no peifume ; wild flower« have no «mell, and carcases of dead animal», which in dry seasons are very plentiful, emit no odour. It was alwayssdpposed tobe a treeless plain, upon which no plsnt could grow or breathing thing could live, but a Urge part of it is now «uccessfully cultivated, and but for tho i rarity of the atmosphere, causing the peculiarity named, and the mirage», which are even more perfect than in the Desert of Sahara, no one would look upon it a« a barren country now. Another singular feature common to the desert land i* thai objeot» at a great distance appear greatly magnified. A few scraggy mesquite bu«he« will look lik* a noble forset. Nteka* driven into tat ground will aesm ilka telegraph '"«?a «Uesiloncaof thaHaw Brew» of Bottled Ato of Oxead« Brawtvy Co, it a aattar of tutlkMSSiS».! / ,. J, ,¡, < ,0 "Rkv." Mit. Haweis on um Todh -m. Rev. H. K. Haweis ha« been giving "7!? Queen somo of his exptriencs« U T e.ilouiea ilurinn his recent lcctnrinir 1/ Kitty nighfa with tho king o[ m.uawr, Jk B. 8. Smythe, instead of unfitting him . start for himself had the opposite .jj" " My experience«," Mr. Haweis Bays «¿, often very amusing. Sometimes tua hill were nime theil«, tho -maring»»' bein*"' sort of folk who had never heard of me I willoh they often resembled their felli» townsmen, for in the smiller towiuhlr« 1 had often to mako my public At Pat« North Nor JC-aland, for ¡nstanoe, oothln» had huon done. I arrived too dav \ul*J ..».1 In thn n.nr.,1.,,, ...lti"l f- .' "T". I und in tho morning sal'iod fnrib, accom panicd Iiy on onergetio young UJy «rho» j lound at tho local clergyman^ hojse, and » eupii intended personally the putting un "r poator«, nndBhop distribution of circulare j, uiiiht.af ter nil our cffirt« to spread tsullghten menti I hail abou> 20 in tho room, noxfnijbt about 30. No; I did not rouse fate«,lintIciB fairly Bay that my experience iu finding odd publics in remote colonial towns wai mor variad and interesting than anything I m.t with In the woll-prcparoil and higbly.l(,lvent assemblies marshalled for me by K. ¿ Smythe in the great centres. The elim« of pioneering absurdity was roaohed at the Bluff. I boldly plunged into two nient'.,, thu Bluff, both of which proved lúdicro' faium'B. As there was no printing office in the town, which consisted of one street lud a fow scattered houses on the bleak hill »lope, my advertisement expenses were '«J There wero a fe* portraits atuok »bmt which excited ni interest whatever, and i couple of big posters which nobody real The Drill-hall allotted to me wai won» than a cowshed-the plntform almost too rotten and rickety to stand on. On my first night I think the receipts were 1 couple of pounds. The next night I »u offered the only deoeut ohapel in the place free of expense. The Iresbyterun ministor, Rev. Mr. Gardiner, I found to ht a most genial and enlightened man, and, what is more, an advanced but devout. thinker. Tho delightful intercourse I enjojtl with him for two days would alone hive rewarded m« for 'my visit to the dtttrt and dismal seasido hamlet cnllod the Bluff, Great were my hope« of securing a Une' audience for my lecture in the chapel. Alt seats were down to a shilling, % good minister did his best. He toole tbe chair, and explainod >u a handful of expect ant «oui« the rare privilege iu store (or them. It was doplorablo-worse this the evening before-worse than Pate«, Ha- nover-well, no matter I There wai to lower depth to bo readied-but it cetUiiW waa an experience, and certainly not without its comic aepeoc. My rooiipts vibrad be>ween a maximum of £80 on one night to a deficit of about £2 after paying eipemn. As I drew near to the end of my (dor,! began to seo more di.tinotly the hundred and one thing« which were necessary to oom. mond success in the colonies, and the lim lectures and sermon« were very different it the oloso oi my tour from what they were it tho beginning. Success défende upci niceties which cau'c bo explainod ; hot omi those apparent ti liles hangs all. {ht greatest .compliment I ever receiver] vu from the manager of a theatre where I lectured-' It's a big thing to draw a home and keep 'em close for nigh three hours with a one-man show and a tumbler of water;' whilst the most witberiog criticism I received rallied mo on my insignificant statute, squeaky voice, and execrible fiddling. I think I enjoyed both critic!«» about tqually." The Stately Homes of Enolmid,-í ?tory ia gaining credence in London that the magnificent Uorolicster House, whore the Shahzada resided during his visit on the» shores, is to be converted into u theatre. It is a white elephant In the hands of lu owner, Captain Holford. These grand mag sions aro always white olophants when the original owner snd nullder has passed tothe great majority. Tnore ia not the metal when tho properties are divided to keep thuin up, and they came to tho hammer sith often nono to bid. Baron Grant's splendid palace was pulled down and sold si deni. Dorchester Houso is splendidly placed foru " upper oirole " sudiunce, but as all koowa the paying run of a piocd it is the pit mi gallery that tell. Park lane is the Ttry focus of aristooraoy, The palace Uimtr J Barnato isbuildini; miy rise to become one day an upper circle lunatic asylum. It ii the same in tho countiy, great plácente being pulled down, und the land made into farming allotments. In town, too, it ii easier io lot modorate-sized houeei thin very large ones, uot so mnoh on account of tho ront, but owing to the hugo cost of keep, iug them up in the inuttor of lervuù, Hence the popularity of " flats." 