NEWS OF THE DAY. Complaints of heat, drought and bush fires are again being beard from moat parts of the colony. This is the day fixed for the general des- truction of rabbits throughout Victoria. One of the celebrated wine vaults of the London Docks is nearly 17 acres in extent. The different countries of the world now use 13,400 different kinds of postage stamps. The largest item of export from Canada last year was cheese, which was shipped to the value of £3,100,000. The Ceylon tea industry has assumed wonderful proportions—the total shipment! have risen from 46 909,000 lb in 1890 to to 97,939,000 lb in 1895. At the end of last week there were 55 vessels lying in Newcastle harbor awaiting cargoes of coal, yet disputes were allowed to binder their loading. According to Mr Duffy, Postmaster- General, “ there are lads doing telegraph messenger work who are really old married __ The new issues subscribed on the British market last year aggregted about £105,000 sterling, against £92,000,000 in the preceding year. Bush fires are raging in every direction within the radius of Mounts Alexander, Franklin, and Tarrangower. A Chinese in Queensland owns a racehorse called The Mikado. It is suggested that be derives some satisfaction from seeing a namesake of the Japanese ruler under the whip. It is officially intimated that landlords cannot, in connection with the income tax, deduct from their incomes the commission paid to their agents for the collection of rents, Mr Troop, an American banker, has, it is said, presented to the Pope a chair con structed of solid silver, and valued at £BOOO. Marshall Pass, on the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad, is the highest point yet attained by a railroad in the United States. Elevation, 10,853 feet. “ Timotbem” declares that in the Assem bly party government has for the nonce broken down, and as there is nothing to take its place the net result is something like anarchy In 1890 Ceylon supplied less than one tenth of the total consumption of the colo nies, bnt in 1895 it supplied over one-third, to the great displacement of China teas. The South American republics of Chili and Uruguay and the Argentine Republic? have decided to thoroughly reorganise their military and naval defences. In the opinion of " Timothens,” even re membering the days of Sir Charles Sladen and Mr Fellows, the Legislative Council was never heard with more success tbau at present. At present foreign countries draw up wards of £120,500,000 every year from Great Britain for grain of all kinds, meat* dairy produce, and sugar; and such is the general prosperity of the population that the consumption per head is increasing. During the past week several lots of land in the Rochester district have been offered for sale, 919 acres at Bamawm brought £3 11s per acre, and 464 acres at Timmering realised £6 per acre. Parrots are making tremendous havoc among orchards in the Wangaratta district. At one orchard at Tarrawingee, though parrots were shot down in hundreds, and half a drzen gnus were kept going for days, the whole fruit crop has been ruined. Li Hnng Chang is said to be the richest man in the world. His wealth is estimated at £100,000,000, much of which is invested in Chinese pawnshops and such fields and the rest in European securities. Avery interesting personality among the new knights is Sir Samuel Lewie, member of the Legislative Council for Sierra Leone. He ie a pure-blooded negro. Sir Samuel is one of the soundest lawyers and ablest pleaders in the empire. In a divorce suit, Furness v Furness, heard in Melbourne, the petitioner said she was 15 and the respondent 21 when they were married by Mr Kinsman. They never lived together, and she could not say why they married. She had not seen her husband for years Up to the present the business done with Australia in Californian wheat and flour has been heavy, involving a transference from Australia to San Francisco of between £300,000 and £400,000, the colonies in the aggregate being so much the poorer. At Winton, Queensland, a Chinaman named Yung King has been fined £2O and costs for selling opium to aq aboriginal. This is a third offence, the accused having paid over £5O in fines within the last font months, To date there has been a decrease. pf 86,000 bales in tbs amount of wool Carried by the N S.W. Railway Department during I this season as compared with that of tbei previous season. The total number of bVidg received at the ports of Sydney, }few. nsitle, and Morpet}] ddiing 1093 w«< 580,000, as compared w. „ 646,000 Isk season 1894. The New South Wales revenue for the past month amounted to £612,282, or £6B 834 less than the returns for the same month last year. Of this amount £45,289 is accounted for by the repeal of Customs duties. The total receipts from taxation amonn ,, ed to £183,518, compared with £234,287 received daring the corresponding period in 1895 The land revenue declined £6500, and miscellaneous receipts over £9OOO. The death is announced in South Australia of a Mrs Margaret Oliver, at the advanced age of 91 The venerable lady was born in Selkirk, Scotland, in 1804 Of the family surviving there are two sons and two daugh ters, 24 grandchildren, 48 great grandchild ren, and two children of the fifth generation. The Dochess of Albany, accompanied by her children, when visiting Aldershot re cently, paid a visit to Colonel Birch’s hop gardens at Crandall The Royal visitors amused themselves picking hops. They must have established a marvellous record at the work, for oceans of “ right royal drink” have since heen advertised as brewed from those particular hops, and possession of a pocket or two of them will probably be claimed in due course by most of the brewers of the British Empire Adelaide baa turned some “Royal hops" into “tonic ale” already. According to a writer in the Fortnightly Etiitw, “No doubt exists in the minds of those who have studied the problem and worked out the fntnre destinies of South Africa, that the Transvaal, with its un rivalled mineral wealth and geographical advantages, is bound to become the centre of that great scheme of local federation re cently proclaimed by a British statesman (Mr Chamberlain] to be the precursor of a still greater Imperial one. Its cosmopolitan population, and the vast international in terests involved in its mining industry, at once mark oat Johannesburg as the future capital of a United South Africa.” Pastoralists in the Albury district have received a number of applications for the extension of the shares system of farming. On Walbundrie, where this year 6000 acres were cropped, preparations are being made for the cultivating 10,000 acres more in the forthcoming season. At Ball Plains this year 4000 acres were cropped averaging 5$ bags to the acre, a small portion going as high as 8 bags The station share of the produce was 10,000 bags of wheat, and 2000 bags of oats and barley. One paetnralist is reported to have cleared £4OOO this year off 6000 acres let to farmers A report from Waitable in the maliee states that as a result of a season's yield 942 bags were returned as produce from 10,000 acres Estimating it at four bushels to a bag, this leaves an average of 22ib per acre, or for sowing purpose* one third of » bushel per sore. Of the 942 bags 417 have been sent out of the district, leaving 523 bags to be utilised for seed wheat. This, at the rate of three quarters of a bushel per acre, will sow 2800 acres. It may be stated, however, that out of the above total of 525 bags 122 bags are held by one farmer. The position is keenly felt, and unless Govern ment assistance is rendered there will be *. general exodus from the district. 