NEITHER M inisters nor members of Parliament will care to meet each other for the despatch of business to morrow, hut if all attend carefully to the matters before them the session need not be a lengthy one. Asa rule the proceedings of Parliament when called together immediately after the holidays are, owing to climatic and other influences, not very successful, but on this occasion a summer session was necessary. There were so many measures long looked for by the country—some of them very impor tant—only partially dealt with, and to have “slaughtered” them would have discredited the Government and Par liament, and inflicted a grievous wrong upon the country. The Premier recog nised this, and very wisely determined to continue the session and pass the more pressing measures. The Assem bly will proceed at once with the consideration in committee of the Railway Trusts Bill, which is likely to be discussed freely, but, it is to be hoped, not extensively altered. The principles upon which it is based appear to be superior to any sugges tions that have been offered by critics, and the only amendment yet announced carries with it its own refutation. One of the principal objects of the measure is to get rid of poli tical influence; to appoint mem bers of Parliament as trustees would be to open the door to this evil in its worst form. Then there is the Com panies Act Amendment Bill. As this was originally drafted it excited such criticism that it had to be withdrawn temporarily. It was taken back to the stocks for remoulding, and in its altered form is to be submitted to the tender mercies of the legal gentlemen again. The Width of Tires Bill is a most important one for many shires whose roads are at present cut up by vehicles, the owners of which reside in neighboring municipalities. It has already passed the Council, and should not be blocked in the Assembly. Parliament has deprived local councils of the revenue formerly raised by tolls, but toe substitute promised at the time has never been provided, the Government subsidy—a stopgap proposal having been retained ever since. The measure now before Pirlia ment will not furnish a very large revenue, but it will enable shires and boroughs to prevent their roads being injured to the same extent as at pre sent by heavy loads carried on narrow tires. The amendments effected by the Council in the Mallee Lands Bill have to be discussed, as well as a num ber of minor measures, most of which have already passed through the Coun cil. The estimates have also to be con sidered, so that if hon members do their duty there is at least a month’s work before them. We had almost forgotten Mr Foster Rogers’s motion of want of confidence, but perhaps in face of'the European complications and in consideration of the warm weather the member for South Yarra will graciously withdraw it. Surely Mr Rogers does not aim at the leadership in such troublous times, and with the thermometer registering 100 degrees in the shade. In the_Council the Federal Enabling Bill and the Factories Act are the principal dishes Probably the latter will be taken first, seeing that it is already under consideration, unless the report of the select committee to which it has been referred for consideration is not ready. As for the Federal Enabling Bill there does not seem as much necessity for prompt action as there was. Mr Reid’s ardour is cooling off. He sees in the anxiety of South Aus tralia and Tasmania to push the move ment on a diabolical aim on the part of Victoria to make Melbourne the federal capital, and the New South Wales Premier is evidently prepared to sacrifice federation if the headquarters of the new dominion are not fixed at Sydney. This jealousy has been at the root of New South Wales’ backward ness in the cause all through. Surely, if Sydney’s claims are paramount they will be recognised, and if they are not they should be gracefully yielded Surely, also, the majority of the colonies combining have the right to fix the capital where they choose. Portainlv if Sydney ia selected, Vie- SwSchJ,tall^cq.i«c..n«H : decision. And why cross a bridge before we come to it 1 There 18 p j? of time to decide where the capital shall be when federation is accom plished. - Last week was one of the quietest ex perienced on ’Change for many months It is usual for the opening week after the holidays to show a diminution in business, for investors are anx, °" B l ° feel their way before purchasing largely, but it is seldom the number of shares sold is so small as it was this year The fact that there is no fresh de velopment of note in any of the mines doubtless had much to do with this lack of enterprise. The discharge of a number of men from the Prentice Freehold mine influenced the yield considerably, and shares dropped to 21s 6d. The burning of the United Alhions Company s plant at Steiglitz will have a prejudicial effect on that field, especially as efforts were being made to float the Company on the London market. It has, of course, stopped all work in the mine for the present, so that both the tnbutors and those in the employ of the company will be idle for a time. No decision lias yet been arrived at as to future operations, nor can be until insurance matters have been settled A sugges tion that the Spring Hill and Central Leads Company be floated on the Lon don market has received scant courtesy at the hands of shareholders, who con sider present prospects much too good to forego for a probable £2 per share. It is regarded as certain that the Madame Berry gutter goes through the lease, and if, as is thought highly probable by some, the Australasian lead junctions with the Berry before the Central Leads boundary is reached, the latter property should be a very valuable one. Plateau stocks suffered a decline during the week, but towards the close there was a better feeling. Kingston stocks had a similar experi ence” Berry Consols Extended selling down to 38s and . back again to 425, after which 41s fid was offered without results Outside stocks generally had not a large turnover. In another column appear extracts from the past iral letter of the arohbi-hops and bishops of Australia who assembled at the second Plenary Council recently held m Sydney. The letter was r j ad in the various shnrohes throughout the Ballarat dioc-se yesterday morning. Referring to *’the friendly disposi tion of the people of Australia towards the Catholic Church,” the epistle proceeds—" The sentiment of fair play, the pr.nciple of equal rights, has triumphed over prejudice; and although It may take long to clear away all misconceptions, yot wa are convinced that the people of Australia will n»ver willingly ap prove of persecution, and that yaar by year they will take a more favorable new of the church’s aims. A free, energetic, and pro gressive people, they will not fail to appreciate those personal and social virtues which bent freemen and safeguard progress; and, as they realise the action of the church noon the indi vidual conscience and upon public sentiment, they will, we are snre, welcome so salutary an influence.” A disastrous conflagratian was narrowly averted at 20 minutes to 3 o’clock yesterday morning. The night porter at Lester’s hotel, Herman Wendt, noticed a Are at thn rear of the premi-es, and thinking that Mr Hutton’s jeweller’s shop had become ignited he sent a telephone mos-age to the City Brigade, and also roused Mr Hutton. The firemen, who brought with them the apparatus carnage, which was taken to a fire for the first tim“, were quickly on the scene, and the Ballarat brigade arrived shortly afterwards. It wis found that the outbreak was m Mr V. Wool esefc’s wheelwright's shop, in M'Kenzie street, at the rear of the hotel, hut as tha flames had not obtained a great hold they were ex tmguished before more than slight damage had been done. The origin of the fire is un known The attention of members of the Church Assembly is by request of tha provision il hon secret iry drawn to the fact that the committee wish ta have all answers to tha circular issued lost November at as early a date os possible so that plans may be moved on a stage further We are given to understand that the Dean of Melbourne and rhe Rev. Canon Young have been been appointed as corresponding secre taries of the Congress for Melbourne and Bathurst respectively. There are evidently very wida differences of opinion respecting the appearance and pros pects of Coolgardio. Set beside some of tho glowing accounts of the western goldfi-lds, l he following from a Bendigo resid-nt is rate resting —“ As for Coolgardie, it is without exception the moat miserable place I ever saw in the world. It is something outrageous flow the press and people sneak so gloriously of tho place. It was never a town, nor never will be one. It is som“thing like Chinaman’s Flat (Maryborough) about 20 years ago, but not so good accommodation There are a few f nr external hotels, bnt to enter one of them is horrible The little meat that is con sumed hero would, if seen by a Victorian health inspector, be instantly impounded. The places where the fires occurred were nothing but oinvas and iron, and will never in my opinion be again built on, except with the same materials All the other places are built of canvas or hessian. I never saw so much poverty m a place—loafers will ask yon aotuilly in tha streets to shout for them. There is certainly plenty of work for thorn, but the money is aoub fal If the company is floats 1, welland good, if not, no money. A oarpenter is at times wanted for a day or so at los or 20s per day, and maybe for two days of the weA he is roquir j d His work consists of making a frame for a hut and nailing iron on to it. This placo will not be long in exist ence. At any rate, it looks hid for property - owners not to bo re- bnildmg.” About 1 o’clock yesterday afternoon a four roomed hou-e m Yorke street, Ba'larat East, was totally destroyed by fire The house, which wis the property of and occnpied by John Patterson, was insured for £lOO in the United Australian Mutual Fire Assurance Company. Tha can e of the fire is believed to have been tho falling of some hot ashes from the fireplace on to the kitchen floor. The Ballarat brigade, while on the way to the fire, met with a mishap, wlreh caused them some delay The axle of tho brake became bout, and the hose hsd to bo transferred to a cab. On arrival at the scone of the hre, it was found that the supply of water was very scant, and the firemen wore thus powerless to render eff otivo service. Accident cases as follow are reported from the Hospital—Fred Watkins, 2t, of Lmne s reet, burns of tho hands through naing kerosene in mistake for vvat j r to boil an egg Wm. Young, 3G, of Lyons street, an incited wound of the scalp, caused by a door falling on him John Sullivan, 25. of South street, a strain of tho muscles of the fore arm, sus tained while working at the New Norm mby mine Clement Pidgeon, 14, of Talbot street, a slight concussion of the brain, the result of a fall at the City baths. Entries for the Ballarat Miners’ Turf Club races, which take place on Friday, 24th m-d close to night, at 8 o’clock, at Brophy’s hotel ’ Dr E Denham Pinnock, surgeon major of the local regiment of the Militia, will lewe Ballarat to-dsy for a holi lay of about two month-.’ duration m Now Zealand While in that colony Dr Pmnook will bo one of tho representativ os of Victoria at i h» Int >ro ilmual Medical Congress. On previous occasions ho has so reproaente 1 tho medical profesaion of Ballarat and the colony at largo in various imonrtant capacities, ns, for example, in 1889, when ho was elected a member of the executive committee of the congress held in Victoria by tho general holy of the profes Mon in the colony. This year Dr Pinnock has b on accorded ths distinction of election as on* of tho vice presidents of the conrress—an honor not oftou conferred upon any but l»sd mg motrop ditan practitioners m the chief colonies The singing at St. Patrick’s Cathedral yester day was of an exceptionally excellent cha racter, several members of the Royal C >mic Opera taking part At 11 o’el ok, as »n Enffertorv Mi s Campion effectively sang “ Keen ams’ (Mayer), and Mr Behan (tenor), Mr nega (bossi and Miss Campion (soprano), with one of the ladies of the cho r. took p, r | F.dalnT® 11 T°n n yh rtBd of “ Adeste Fideles. In the evening Miss Campion nicely sang the '‘Magnificat’’ and “Time M-igo” (Paulo Bodonn), the last-mentioned b-mg given with excellent foaling and a perfect ap preciation of the ventimont of the beautiful composition. Mr Wru vy. the choir mister effectively sang “Oh Salntaris.” and at the close of the service the cultured v ncea of Messrs Behan ani Briggs yvore h-ard t. great advantage in “Nobis Gan ha" (Bardaloy). At St. Alipius Church the singing by the choir wai greatly admired by the congregation and by many strangers who were present. The mass selected Weber’s in G. and Mi»s Maggie Sherlock sang the Gloria in an excellent manner, shewing perfect training. She was associated Messrs Carey, Seifert, and Mrs Mullins m the Benedictus, which w*s also admirably ren dered. Mr W. Noilsou, of the R .yal Comic Op-ra Company, saog Ros-ioi’a “Cajns Animam ” He po=seacs a pure tenor voice and sang this difficult solo with admirable’ effect; also the duet, Meyer’s “ Ecco with Mrs Neilsm. who po-aessea a rich aopr mo voice, their voices beautifully blend ing together. Mrs Neil“on alsi sangLnzuj “ Ave Maria” in an excellent manner Much credit is due to Mr J. Murphy, the conductor, for the manner m which he kept hu choir under control. Miss K Sherlock presided at he organ in her usual efficient mannsr Fitting preparations are being made for the celebration of the 40th anmversiry of the inauguration of municipal government in the City of Ballarat. Baiu.erats hearing the year of arnv il in the colony will be carried by each small oand of pioneers in the procession along Stnrt street. All pioneers will be wel comed, and it is hoped thit those m the Eset will warmly join nands with t 10-oin thsWest, With tho dual attraction ot the exhibition and this celebration it is probable tint large numbers of country folk will vi-it Ballarat on Friday. Programmes giving the order and nature of the proceedings will be issued to m >rrnw, while an advertisement m another column shows where tickets may bo obtained. The celebration is not restricted to pioneers, but both young and old are taking an interest in the coming festivities The Premier and other notabilities are expected to bo present at the banquet, which will be held in the even ing The placa of the banquet is not yet determined on, but if the tickets continue to go off as rapidly as they did on So’unlay a much larger room than that of the C'ty Hall will be required. Rosettes bearing the year of arrival in the colony may be obtained at Mr Niven’s. Tho City Council will to-day consider the question of the redistribution ef the wards of the city. Tenders tor supplying 600 yards of blaeatone spalls for Dove ion street, and 400 yards for Nolan street, will also be dealt with. The schedules for income tax for the year 1895 may now be obtained. It was proposed to post a schedule to o >oh taxpayer who was assessed on the last occasion, but tliat has been found impr ictioable. Accordingly, each person required to fill m a schedule must obtain one for himself as befoie Mr Front Webb proposes to oircula'e a large number of pamphlets giving individuals following dif ferent occupations full informati n as to how they should fall m the returns. H itclkeepere, medic «1 practitioners, -hnpkeepers, sn'icitora, schoolmasters, &o; , will thus obtain the specific directions necessary to an intelligent performance of that duly. The returns will have to be sent in by 3rd February, the assessment will be made by 31-t March, and the tax will be payable on or fa-fore 20th April Seven persons ware arrested Ballarat East on Saturlay for drunkenness. Yesterday two lads, who were caught bathing m the Black Hill dam, were arrested by Constable Carroll, and taken t» the Town lockup on a charge of behaving m an offensive manner. After being locked up for about three hour! the bojs were rele i-ad on bail. The joint committee who snpeivisa the work of erecting the Mount Plei- ant bridge have decided to recommend the council-, to call for alternative tenders, returnable on ths 31« t lost, for finishing the work. At the morning service at tho Baptist Church yest»rday the Rev. Dr Porter, formerly pastor of the church and at pru-ent of the Baptist Church, Petersham, New South Wales, preached an excellent disc nr e to a crowded congregation from I Corinthians m , 1 —“ And I, brethren, could not speak unto you as unto spiritual, but as unto carnal, even as unto babes in Christ ” He went on to iay that the apostle’s mind when wriung this must have been greatly troubled wh»n he realised the glon ms possibilities of knowing the hidden truths of God winch these Corinthians had, and which all Christians have, within their grasp were it not for the earn ditj of the mind This had been the characteristic through all ages. Why was it that m-*n are not able to receive this teaching of God ’ Be cause th u y were, to a very groat exte it carnal —selfish, desiring to ho guided by their own will, nut God’s Dm ions were the result of cjrnality; but love and unity should be the characteristic of the Cluntun church It was love thit developed the spiritual nature of man— love and spirituality ran together. These Corinthians could not comprehend be cause of divicions; th re wis a lack of love In the even ng the Rev J. A. S iper preached to a large tongrega'ion a most m-tructive sermon from Nehem ah ui, explaining m very clear t°rms the gates of Jerusalen Cr M ‘Donald, Mayor of the Citj, in bis report to to-day’s meeting of the council, says that ho will leave the matter of erecting a grand stand at the Western Oval “for future consideration by the council.” Mr Walter Wright, father of Mr Wngnt, mining manager of tne United Albums Com pany, who was severely burned in the dis astrous bushfire which, a week ago, demolished the township of Albion, died in the B dlarat Hospital at a qusrter pa t 4 o’clock yesterday afternoon. Mr Wright, who was a widower and an old real lent of the di-tnct wss 7S years old The funeral takes place at half pa t 3 o’clock this afternoon It is announced that Mr Sh“vr, suh nnnsger of the hesd office in Melbourne, lies b°en appointed manager of the Ba'laiat branch of the Bank of Australasia, m succession to Mr John Lombard. Mr and Mrs AVolf Flogaltmb on Saturday afternoon entertained tho members of the Royal Comic Opera (ompany at a garden party at their residence, ‘Ellersha,’ Stnrt street. A largs number of gu ets were pre sent, and the gathering was of a most enjoy able character, the host and hos e-s lowing nothing nnd*ne to ensure a pleasant after noon. Nominations for the Burrumboet race-, to be held on 27th January (Foundation Day), close this evening, at 8 o'clock, at Brophy s hotel On Siturdiy afternoon three young men, named ra-pactively ,T.rues Rail, John M’lntyre, and Charles Kelly were arrested in the City by Const ible M’Pnerson on n charge of hiring on the preceding day as-miltel and ribbed a swagmiu named William M Dougall of a sum of 12s, a billycan, md several other articles The offence is a'legeJ tohnebesn committed a" Alfr-dton Tho accused men wi l ! appear at the City Court this morning The mayor (Cr EUwor h), and Messrs Ham, and Josephs, J’s P , attended »t tha Town Police Court on Saturday, and dealt with two persons who had b -en arres'ed for dr mien ness. A collector’s license was granted to Henry Coppin. Wo-t Australu (writes our correspondent), still continues to a’tiacr people fnm the dunes district. St\ ymmg man left on Thur* day, IS on Friday, and 6 or 7 go on Monday Many of them say that they have wo r k t> go t* immediately on their armal at -£4 per week. William Knapp, a young man who is em ployed at the Yorkshire mine, Elaine, had a narrow escape from death on Saturday He was landing a bucket, nnd h>s foot became cmgbt between it aid tha shift The unfor tunate man with great difficulty g t free 4s it was, he sustained a f actnra of the gr j at toe and severe laceration on tho foot. Dr Stevenson, having resigned hi position as resident surgeon of the Dulesfnrd Haspital after close on H yesrs’ experience in charge of that in-tituU m, his de-ided to practise as a specialist in tho eye, e>r, nose, and throat diseases Dr Stevenson visited Ballarat some yeara ago a-s a specialist in these diseases. He has now d-1-rin ned to devote his whole attention to ‘his bramh of p-iotice. Dr Stevenson is a native of Ballarat, having been born at Black Hill. The City Fir* Brigade will commence train ing for the demoe-tration t i-night Tho teams arc —Eights, Hose and Lsddar, and Y Coupling—Me—rs F. Jones, G Williams, Wh Daw, W. Smith, N Oliver, L King, C. Bunco, and J. Gullan. Fours—Messrs F. Jones, W Daw, G Williams, and C Bunce. The sixes will be picked to morrow night The members of Parliament for the district are to bo commnmca'ej with by tne Citv Council md reque-ted to support the views of the munioipsl co iference in regard to the Electric L ght and Power Bill Dr Jordan, health officer, and Mr E Wioking, City inspector, have completed their inspection of the dairies within the City boundary They have exam.ned 25 and report that the ca‘ll-3 inspected looked well, hea thy, and in good condition Most to complun of w s found at the small dairies but it is stated th it every year’s m-poction discloses new improvements in tha construc tion and drainage of tho dairy premises Jury revision courts will be held at tho City and Town Councils at 19 a.m. on Wednesday, the Ist of April, and at Sebastopol at 3 o’clock on Thursday, 2nd of Anal. The tender of Rroadb j nt Bros anl Cos ,nt 18s Cd per top, has b a on accepted for tbs supply of fuel to tho Ballarat Lunatic Asylum- The conditi ms of tha contract are to supply Victorian house coal, smiths* ct al ana coke, snd Victorian brown eoa’, in smoh quantities as may be ordered from January to December. Tho South street Debating S >oioty resumed its usual weekly meetings for th# year, under the presidency of Mr W Coulthard. on Fnd»y evening last, whan Mr Newton Wanhss de hveted a highly intsrostmg and instructs® lecture on “The nngm and history of the American civil wrar.” The lecturer, with the aid of a large map of the country un ler re view, p'ac.d his subj >a bef re the meeting m fc very able end Incid manner, and fr u m it deduced many lessons, showing that some of the causes of that lamentable straggle are not altogether without parallel in this country, and may be well and profitably noted by Aus trian*. After the lecture a number of ques tions were put to the lecturer by the meeting and elucidated by Mr Wanliss. A rote of thank*, on the motion ef Messrs Mehan and Eichards, closed the proceedings. It will be learned with regret that Mr Stephen Wellington, the well-known under taker. of Sturt street, yesterday sustained a severe sunstroke, and last night was bordering on delirium. Dr Hardy is m attendance. At the City Police Court on Saturday, Mr Curthors, J P, remanded the old man Harry Budd, who was arrested for vagrancy a fort night sgo, for a further term of a week. Sergeant Moran stated that Budd was unable to leave bis bed, and it was believed that he was dying. Budd is over 80 years of age A man who had been arrested for drunkenness was fined ss, with 2s Sd costs for cab hire. In future tenders will be called for the supply of ironmongery and timber to the City Council. The street planter has been in structed to report on all falling trees in the streets, with a view to their early removal, and extra men are to be engaged by Mr Bongley, curator of the Botanical Gardens, ta clear away tbs accumulation of refuse north of the glass-houses. The R.M.S , Massilla arrived at Albany from Colombo at 8 45 last night. The completed Victorian banking returns for the December quarter arein some respects the best that have been published for some tune, for it will be seen that, -owing to a large increase in depeait*, nearly £1,000,000, and a considerable decrease in advances, a little over £500,000, the banking position has been mnch strengthened. But the banks do not particu larly want to be strengthened by the enlarge ment of their idle resources. Cr J. W. Barter, J.P., has returned to Bal larat from his recent trip to the seaside The change of air has proved most beneficial to Mr Barter’s health, and he will now be able to resnme bis business at once. The annual report, honor list, and prospec tna of Grenville College has been issued by the principal, Mr A. A. Bnley, M.A. It em bodies a succint and interesting history of the -college, which is now 35 years old, records very good work throughout the school during the past year, and furnishes a mass of inform ation regarding the success of scholars at the the college, in the matriculation examinations, in unit ersity course*, and at seats of learning m Great Britain, as well as their contests in the domain of sport The plant aod machinery of _Mr George Bansell’s Comet mine, at Bendfgo, were de stroyed by fire early on Saturday morning. A hundred men have been thrown out of em< ployment. Mr E A. Dixon, contractor, of Perth, West Australia, who has been in Ballarat on a visit since Christmas, will leav e here on Monday with his family by the Adelaide express, to ]om the mail steamer Parramatta to Albany, en route to Perth, where he ha* a large con tract on hand for additions to the West Aus tralian Bank. On Satnrdav afternoon Senior constable Martin arrested a young man named Patrick O’Donnell at O’Parrell’a sale-yards on a charge of behaving in a threatening manner. O’Don mell will appear at the Citv Court this morning. Mr Patrick Doody, acting postmaster at dunes, has been appointed acting receiver and paymaster during the absence of Mr Glentou ■on leave 