STRAY NOTES. I [BY J. GRASSIE.] THE FIB8T BUSHRANGER. Up to a very noant period the civil law was administered so loosely in England, Bootland, and Iceland that people began to think that there were two laws, one for the rioh and another lor the poor, and a good many people think so still, and the poor lawyers suffer. < At the same time the oriminal law was administered with so much ferooity that juries at length hesitated to fiad verdiots of guilty as the punishments were so awfully in excess of the alleged offenoes that they considered it wrong to give a Verdiot ogaiuat an accused person. Men were transported beyond the sea for trivial infractions of the game laws and other venial offences, and often for no Offeace at all, as the judges began to look upon all accused persons who ADoeared in the dock as dread? euiltv. At length the ferocity of the law! culminated to an awful point when a oor gfrl in London was actually hanged r stealing a twopenny loaf to prevent her illegitimate child from starving, and then vox populi interposed crying " datis', let there be no more of this/' and it would be folly to suppose that some of those who were immolated for trivial offeaoes or for no offenoe at all, did not brood over their wrongs until the worm came-the worm that will not sleep and oannot die, and that therefore the ferocity of the law sometimes made the the good bad and the bad desperate. Amongst those who were immolated for murdering a hare was a Scotch poacher named Charles Bnohan, who was said to be a near relative of the dootor who wrote the book known as the "House bold Phvsician." and that CharleB Buohan was the first bushranger who sought refuge in the wilds of Australia and retaliated on society there for the wrongs inflioted on him by the ferooity of the law. He was seat out at an early period with two hundred other prisoners, guarded by about 800 soldiers and civilians. On their arrival they were looatod at Port Jackaon, in New South Weiss, but as barraok and prison accom modation was then inadequate for such a number, escape from thraldom was not difficult, and Buohan was the first to seek emancipation. He knooked ft drunken sentry on the head, took his arms and ammunition, and then fled to the interior to trust to the . meroy of the savage. He was manacled at first for murdering a hare, and now he had murdered a man and was free, and he resolved to live or die in the arms of liberty. The Bavages for pome reason or other did not molest him, and when the other prisoners heard that Charley Buohan was already king of a tribe he was soon joined by other four of them, and then the reprisals began. As money was at that time use. leva in the bash it was not sought for, and when a settlement was stuok up only provisions and ammunition were de« manded, and as these were freely given, Violenoo was not needed and never resorted to. But woe betide the unwary Warder or "soger" who wandered too far iu quest of wood and water. Several Doldisra who were sent out in quest of the fugitives got on board of a whaler, and took their own emancipation, which ihows that the days at a penal settle ment then were not happy days for either bond or free, and three ignorant floldiera who feraw off their yoke believing that they could travel due east to China by land wore afterwards traoked, and it was found that for twelve weeks they had travelled in a complete and desolate circle, the broadest part of whioh was not forty miles wide, and whenjfoaad within twenty miles of the i settlement they were reduoed to living skeletons, while at the same time Buohan and his fellows were fattening on the settlers' beef, or dancing at the blaok fellows ooroborees. But a change came for the worse, as prowling one day along the coast they oame upon a lot of wraokage on the shore, amongst whioh there was a cask of gin intaot, and it tbuy roll-d to one of their ambusoadas not far off, and then sat down to what Pwipers oall "serious drinking," and drank there until they were unable to either iight or tine, and in that helpless condition they were Dounoed unon bv a party of soldiers, who having boupcU their prisoners hand, and foot, sat'*d6wn to serions drinking and were soon help lessly drunk afto;' In the meantime Buchan managed to extricate himself from his manaolees, and having released his comrades, they bound the soldiers, withdrew the flints from their firelooks and iied, taking a keg of the precious fluid with them. The soldiers managed to stagger baok to the settle ment and excused themselves the best way they oould. Buohan and hiB mates were never afterwards heard of, and it was supposed that they perished in a devouring bushfire that nearly over whelmed the soldiers as they trotted with j long faces to the settlement. j SATURN. . I Saturn is the greatest of all the solar planets, being nine hundred times larger than the earth, far better lighted, and from some peculiarity in its atmosphere its general climate is supposed to be as warui as our tropics. It haB seven moons, oue of them larger than the earth, and it is enciroled by a luminous belt twelve thousand miles broad, and as far from its equator as our moon is from the earth. It has some mountains sixty miles high, and several oceans hundreds of times . larger than our Pacific; and its year is considerably longer than oura from the greater size of its orbit. Peru is the beBt place for getting a telescopic reflection of Saturn, for the atmosphere there is exceedingly clear and free from aerial obstructions, and consequently the best views had of it were taken there, and , some of them are very startling-showing volcanoes and terrible disturbances in its interior. But it has green spots also, and these are supposed to bo forests where the gigantic trees ate nine or ten hundred feet high, and if it has animals they are doubtless of gigantic stature also. rBAlfOES. A fox that seems of all loses foxy has its dormitory near Frances, where it smiles at the cocks shrill clarion or the banters horn, and winks its eye at the rabbit when it hears that Peter and Paulo are out with etaghouuds, But it WW sprung unexpectedly the other day by a hunter and his demented dingo as the latter was in quest of bones, and away it went like the Flyins? Daahraan far ahead of hoEga and hound, to its den In the boundless contiguity of shade therein to repose free from the oaree that garplex foxes. "We have 'em now" cried Ganymede esultingly, "but we must mak aiooarwa mast blook up the bole so that the varmint will be here when we return with piok and an&do; tn_ »orrow." And they did block up the hole, but when they returned on the morrow they found that reynard had taken unto himself the wiogs o! the morning, and like the baseless fabric of a vision left not a wraob behind. Pat not thy trust in fakirs nor in foxes either, for the one has a tale and the other only a tail. BINNUM. The season has been peculiarly dry in this quarter-so dry that people begin to dread that there will be a scarcity of water during (he year, and that even Barnet may go dry. The waterholes are sot half full, and therefore not fit to hold out against a dry summer. 