Local and General News. DEATH.-iThe death occurred on Tuesday morniilg last of an old M'Ivor resident, Herman Steel 'es. le -was a single man, and had ben a resident of thiis gdfiedt for about 40 years, and for many 3ears fol'owel the occupation of a miner. . He had iven in the employ of Mr R. Hanroul off and on for about 15 or 16 years. lie had been ailing for some time, the.' caUse of death being a breaking up of thle syst-in. His age was 62 years. The funeral took place yester day. mornisi.- several friends folloAing tie remains to the lcatlhrote Cemetery. Tihe bnrial service was read by thle IRev. W. R. Jones.. The isnoituary arrange ments were carried out by Mr J. M'Doanld. HHOSP1TrL TosATIoss.-The collCeo'r, Mr fickson. briys to ,icknowledgo witti .thanks throu.,h our colniins, the roceipt of 2 dozun prizeF Ihe eggs from Mr W, Therton eanr.. as a donation to the Hospital A donation of 5 lrsbuttter,and 2 cheeess 11 hIb each fri'ora r llhylop, is also acknowle;ged wiltl thanks. ELEcroa's RIGonT.-Weo desire to direct atteinion that the time for the new issue of Eltectr's Rights to those not on tin, Rat'p 'yers' Roll who desire to acquire the privile!e, should at once apply to the Registrar for that purpose. Mr Lee who is RoEgistrar for Heatlicote, Graytown and Knowsley divisions, will at his residence issue at any time, and in the evenincs till 9 o'clock, and wil attend for convenience of those at a distance, at the Court House, on evenings from 23rd November till Ist December pros. for the purpose. The * deputies for Griytown and Knowsley, will also issue Rights for those Division.s, see notices. In -all cses old rights must be produced. *phie. forlhenmini General Election in 1897, should he an inducement for all to Hegister. except ratepayers. PoLIcE CoURT.-Messrs Crowle and Christie J.P's presided on Friday last. Two. Cases were adjourned for a week, at at the request of Me?sri Murphy and. Firth who appeared for the plaintifts. Sergeant Lannin proceeded against two parents for insufficient attendance of their children at School, and fines of oue shillhn each were imposed. HonTiccaLTtiRA SoolrTY.-Tlhe monthly meetite of the Horticultural Society was held on Thursday the 5th inst., when the Secretary presented a statement of the receints and expenditure of tle Spring Flower Show, and also a statement of. the Soceety's financial position. It showed that tile expenditure of the show exdeeded the receipts by about £2 which was con ilered v'ry satisfactory, as the receipts were s'mply tile prrceeds of the show, whlile ihe reeo'pls of thir first show ineluded all money's r.-erived by the sale of memb-rs tickets and donations. The generil stlattment showed the Society to have a bhlanc'e of over £10. a really good resn!t and a splendid commence tnen for tb:i 'eomiii ye:tr. -Ireartv votes of thinkrs wre accorded to' all who assisted at Hnd betfor the show. Where all whn t(onr an aelire part lid a-) well; it wn'oi b :invidious tri m-ntion names. suffice it to say that the Committee are deeply sensih'e of thle assistanc- rendered by tihem. The tea room wais an inno vation and proved and imine s, success The receipts fro'n it exceeded antici pations, wlilc socially: nd as a ereat convenience, it was highly appreciated. The refreshmonts were nearlr all pro vided by lady members of the Society. We hope to see it again .at the Autumn show. A long disciusion followed on the arranerompnnt -to: he male- for the anauting yanr. ani the late of the annual meetinri. 'hiiiis to hn'ell ornr'etme in JAnnitrv, the exacr dlote t' be fixed liy the Secret:iry.. T-ck;tse will -be sold nrly in Januarv oi nllw i,.t:',''rs to take part in tihe telerion .of-04i-e-h bO irs '&. CGP.tCRT.-On Saturlay Toolleen met q tber:i b oni the latter' g-'noinri an-i wcre. victnri:rn by .21 rnns. The totals beincg Too'l.cc .52 and. 72. Gob-.rp 31.. For the victor .J. C,,nrry.12.and 21, M C'onrtry 11 and 18 anti AotVe IT r a-hcd doub *- firres. For tbe T'or'TS Kenn'lr 0 Ran'd A. !llertor 9 were the bichest. ThP wic'et w-as all in favor of the b,',lers. J. Courny 6 for 17 runs andi Jenkinora' T4Tr 3 rans taking) thr Mickret for Toolieen. the f.orrer dnoi7 tvo' h.it trick. For loiers -I. KErneev at''k 5 wick-ts for 26 runs; S. Kehuredy- 3.fnr 18 : A. 51 erton 3 for 14 anil Erory.vCn fltcihePii tth th hat. trick 4 for 3ritpa,' TbS-elabs.nn,-. stand for the Spiers trooby as .iollown :-Tnoolleer 12 poihta, G.S?'irp ;. A ouny'erle 4, Mount FPieasnst 9.-.e" m eontsadad.) COvCEU:r AND BILL Ar TODObnAc. -The con,,, rt and.ball which w is to have been hld at Toubornc on the.18th in:+t, has been unavoidably postponed to a date of which due notice will be given. KICKTtD BnY HOP.S,.-A child about two ,,r three years old, gtatid child of .N r 'Thomas Craven, and son of tMr YW. Lewis, was kicked by a draught horse at. Mr Craven's place on Thur.dayv evening. The child sustained an extensive cut or the side of the head wbhih had to be stitchrd by one of the toc11 medical men. HIILD Over..-Our leading article and reports of the Hospital Concert. sports at Redecatle, and other items are unavoid ably held over. _ . 51ECnAtIICS tAL..-A valn u lu ' ** Mechanics' Institute was held in the Sire Hall on Show night and was largely attended, about 65 couples being present The music was supplied by Messrs Lewis and Robinson on'the piano and concertina respectively. Mr P, Cullen officiated as M.C, The refreshments were provided by a number of ladies. Daucing was continued ti'l daylight. ACOID5ENT.-Mrs Hassall. residing next to the Masonic ,Hall, had the misfortune to fracture her leg by slipping in her residence on Satnrdav last. Dr Esler was sent for and.attended to the-injury, Mrs Hissell being removed to the Hospital. BUSH FInE.-A bushfire has been burning at Knowsley for several days, the smoke from it, beine olainly visible tu the spectators at the Show on Wednesday. Beyond the destruction of grass and timber we have not heard of other damage having been done by the fire. thA bck snake between 5 and 6 feet in leneth was killed by master 0. W. Robinson near Mr Fl-,,wrc ,csilence on Sunday last, this beirr the'second Iback ana-kedespatched by him this reason. BUGGY h ACCIDeST.-Mr James Hunter, senr., and family and relatives, met with an unfortunate mishap on Wednesday evening, when returning home to Top Forest from the show. There weere 0 altogether in the trap. In desceodinz a steep hill some .little di.tance from the Murray Road at the turn off at the Copper mine, the breeching broke, and the horse began kicking and broke the swingel bar. and otherwise damaged the trap. The occupants of the trap were all thrown ont. Mr Hunter senr. had his head cut rather severely, the wound requiring to be stitched, Mrs J. Hunter jlnr., receiving a severe eat down the face from the eye. the wound also requiring to be stitched. The others escaped without injury. Drs Esler and Gray attended to the injuries. DEATr or MN M'MA.sTER.-We have this week to record the death of a very old and much respected resident of Tooborac, Mr David M'Master J.P. For many years, Mr M'M aster took an active and prominent part in public matters, of wlioh some particulars will be given in our next issue. Death occurred on Monday last. The funeral took place yesterday afternoon, and was very numerously attended, notwithstanding it being Show Day. 'here were between 20 and 30 buggies in the procession besides horsemen. The procession included the mrembers and officers of the M'Ivor Shirs Council, of. which the deceased had been President and member, for so many years. Mr Webb M.L.A with many others also left the show ground to join the procession. The remains were interred in the Heathcoto Cemetery, the burial service being read by the Rev. WV. R. Jones. Tlie funeral arran-gements were cuonilctcd by Mr J. M Donals. 