Smithfield and Fairfield. Tho Unemployed Yote.— Good woik ia bo angdonein rhochreo wurdawith thomoney voted and subsidised by tho Government for rolief of the local unemployod. Tho only rogrot is that there is not a larger grant nvailitbln as tho aldermen could find plenty of labour to absorb it. There wero thirteon men put on in Fair field Wurd, six or seven in Sinithfield Ward, and a like nuujbor in Prospect Wurd. Tho work hue bron principally tho clearing and opening up of streets which have hitherto ro reooived no attention, and which will now afford easier accoss to private holdings and thus provo bonoficiul. At Ii\iirGold, by tho cloarini? of Mitchell Ho id, a distance of 40 ohainB, a short cut is uffordfid from Fuirficld to tho vicinity of Canloy Vale and to Liverpool and better uccona given to private proporty. Again, tho clearing of Stanloy-street, through Avoca, will provo very useful to tho district, as it was horn that such torriblo bush-fires occurred somo time back, and it will hnvo tho good effect of opon incr ud tho district there. A NOYel Sight.— On Wednesday aftornoon ayounglady wus seen coining down the Fair field Koad, podoUing a bicyclo and threatening, it aeornod, to break ull records. Tho young lady -was Miss Maud Carter, who can lay tho flattering unction to her bouI that she is tho first lady cyclist who has mado hor appearance in Smithfiuld, and she did so very creditably indued. Departures. — Mossrg. M. Haborloy and Charles Cooper have left Fairiiold togethor, bound West, iu search of gold. Mr. Cooper reorntly disposed of that oxcollont homostoud and orchard, ' Carrie's Dalo,' for £900 to a Mr. Thomson. — Mrs. Win. Day (whose hus band has gouo to Coolgvirdie) left Wetberill Park with her family ou Wednesday, for other parts. The Water Rate.— At Wednesday's Coun cil meotinir, Mr. Georgo Christio (aldorman of Strnthfiold) addrcsejl our councillors in support of his candidaturo for a 6cat as suburban mem ber of the Wator and Sewerage Board. Alder man Stimson uskod him at tho close, if ho would, if returned, tndoivour to secure a reduction of tho local wator rate, Is in the £. Mr. Christio replied in tho affirmative. Tho rate was justly considered exorbitant, as Smithfield got its supply from tho canal without any pumping into additional roaervoira, and yet wus charged tho eamo rate as places where this extra work was found nocessary. Ho con sidered it unjust, and, if roturned, would do his best to have tho rato roducod in this and similar instances in the suburbs. Smithfiold is only three-quarters of a mile from tho oanal, '. and Is in the £ docs really scorn most ezorbit \ act under the circumetanoee, \ 