THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. Callington rifle match to-morrow. Onkaparinga acceptances due next Wednes day evening. The Governor received a hearty welcome to Mount Barker. Another first-class showing numbered with the past. Next year will be the jubilee of the Mount Barker Agricultural Society. Captain W. R. Randell, M.P., of Gume- racha, announces his intention of again standing for the district. There are six certain candidates and another likely one for election in the Onka- paringa district. The Mount Barker Show prize-list this year totalled £349, being £27 more than was offered last March. The Blakiston Dairy Produce Company ib inviting applications for the position of manager. Fifty-three children and two adults were confirmed by Archbishop O'Reily at Stirling East on Sunday. To-morrow evening Mr. W. Wiedemann will be entertained at a farewell social at the Mount Barker Hotel. The land sale at Mount Barker on Satur- day attracted a good attendance, and fair prices were realized. Thursday, 19th inst., will be a bank half- holiday at Mount Pleasant and Gumeracha | in honor of the Mount Pleasant Show. The value of the Estate of the late Mr. W. Gray, of Mount Barker, has been sworn under £6100. The Aldgate railway-station was broken into between Sunday night and Monday morning and £3 9s. in cash and stamps stolen. On our fourth page will be found district council reports, police court news, scores of cricket matches, cycling notes, garden ! calendar, &a.; -r : Mr. T. S. O'Halloran, formerly of Mount Barker, has left the legal firm of Messrs. Gordon & Bright and is now practising on his own account in Adelaide. Mr. King O' Malley has sent us a copy of his " Message to the Sovereign Electors of Encounter Bay," a 30-page pamphlet written in his characteristic style. A lecture was delivered by Mr. J. Knight on " Oil and Fibre Plants " at Woodside last evening and will be repeated at Mount Barker to-niglit. Typhoid fever is very prevalent in the neighborhood of Biggs' Flat, seven members of one family (Mr. James Bell's) being down with the malady. A loan of £83 under the Vermin-proof Fencing Act has been made to the Caurnaniont District Council, applications by three farmers being granted. A sale of freehold properties by the South Australian Company will be conducted by Mr. T. Hutchens at the Woodside Institute this afternoon. At the Mount Barker Court on Monday tliree parents were fined for neglecting to send their children to school for the required number of days during the quarter. Particulars concerning roads proposed to be opened and closed by the district councils of Mobilong and Teatree Gully are published in the Government Gazette. A meeting of district council delegates will be held at Strathalbyn on Wednesday, 18th inst., when the advisability of forming a Vermin Board will be discussed. The many friends of Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Harrington, late of Mount Barker, learned with regret of the death of their eldest son (St. John) at Port Pirie on Monday. The subject of poultry for export, with wbioh our leading article deals, should not be neglected by the farmers in the Hills, wliioh are so eminently suitable for poultry-rearing. The Onkaparinga District Council received seven tenders for metalling the Forest road and. accepted that of Messrs. Thompson and Samuel at £6 19s. fid. per chain. The Rev. Thomson McMillan, M.A., the new Presbyterian missionary for Tanna, in the New Hebrides, delivered a sermon and address at Mount Barker on Sunday and Monday evenings. The Midland Land Board met at Mannum on Wednesday and dealt with lands in the hundreds of Forster, Angas, Fisher, Nildottie, Ridley, Mobilong, Voungliuaband, Monartc, and Bowhiil. On Saturday afternoon Mr. B. A. Moulden addressed the Ladies' Election Committee of Stirling on " How to Vote." There was a large attendance, and afternoon tea was pro vided and music rendered. Several bushfires have been raging in the Hills during the past few days, and on Satur- day a lot of fine country in the Mount Lofty Ranges was burned by a conflagration which originated in Mr. Malpas's property. Mr. William Charlesworth, of Mylor, was thrown out of his dray at Thebarton last Friday, the vehicle lurching, and he died soon afterwards. The deceased, who was 66 years old, leaves a widow, three sons, and a daughter. During the progress of the show at Mount Barker yesterday the residence of Mr. T. H. Stephenson, J.P. (" Brookbank"), was entered and ransacked, tbe thief or thieves taking about £5 worth in cash and aleo a little jewellery. The police are on the scent. The land bought by Dr. Bickle at the Mount Barker sale on Saturday was secured with the intention of making an addition to the Dunn Park recreation-ground, and next week a meeting will be held to consider what action it would be advisable for the towns people to tuke in the matter. The Beachport District Council proposed to recognize in some manuer the arrival of the Barr Smith lifeboat at its station. A banquet was suggested, and Mr. R. Barr Smith was telegraphed to, asking if he could attend, but he replied in the negative. The Callington rifle match, to be flred to morrow, is attracting a good deal of attention from marksmen, — of whom have accepted for the event. A diuner wilt take place in the hotel in tbe evening, when Mr. W. H. Duncan will preside and Mr. H. Bobineon will occupy the vice-chair. A return match at chess and draughts between the players of Gumeracha and Houghton took place at the former township last Friday evening and afler an interesting contest resulted in the Houghton men win ning 14 games to 10 at draughts and drawing the chess encounter with two games. At the meeting of the Mount Barker W.C.T.U. held on Thursday, 5th inst., a letter from Miss Nichoils relative to voting at the coming election was read. The president reported two successful meetings at Little hampton, one result being that eight persons signed the pledge. At the meeting of the Adelaide Licensing Bench on Tuesday new applications for old houses were granted to F. G. Bennett, of the Bedford Hotel, Woodside, A. King, Teatree Gully Hotel, B. Rowe, Commercial Hotel, Strathalbyn, and A. Smith, Meadows Hotel, while Mr. F. H. Chapman, of Mouut Barker, secured a storekeeper's wine licence. (From Our Own Correspondents.) Strathalbyn, March 11. The heat during tile past week has again been very trying, and although everything presents a parched appearance it is sincerely to be hoped that we shall have no rain Tor another week or so. for with such heat as wc are now experiencing and with every grass seed shed a fall of rain would be disastrous to winter feed. I watched with very great pleasure the members of the polo club on Saturday, the improvement in their play being must marked. Still I should like to see much more progress before a match with an Adelaide team is engaged in. Neither player nor pony learns the game all at once, so it is hardly fair to look for proficiency just yet. The Strathaibyn Band of Hope on Friday next begin another series of tree entertain ments in the Institute-hall. The Rev. A. Wheeler, B.A., Vicar of Christ Church, will give an address to the young people, and us this gentleman is a very gifted speaker I have no hesitation in promising a treat for those who hear iiim. The Rev. Mr. Jackson, pastor of the Primitive Methodist Church, is shortly leer ing us to take charge of the Norwood Circuit. Mr. Jackson, who has had charge of this circuit for the past five years, has by his kindly manner and sterling integrity ingrati ated himself with the members of other denominations, and indeed it would be hard to find anyone wiio does not regret his departure from Strathalbyn. I believe the Rev. Simpson Hall succeeds Mr. Jackson. Lobethal, March 10. One of those sudden shocks which cast a gloom over the neighborhood occurred here on Friday, 6lh inst., when it became known Mrs. Newsom Burnley had passed away, deceased lady, who was about 32 years of age, was born and brought up in Lobethal and had an extremely large circle of acquaintances. It is not too much to say that she was beloved by her intimate friends and respected by all who knew her. About eight years ago Mr. and Mrs. Burnley became the occupiers and eventually the owners of the store where until two days before her death Mrs. Burnley attended to her customers. The funeral, which took place on Sunday, was one of the moat largely attended that has passed the cemetery gates for a very long time, there being quite 50 vehicles besides about 200 people on foot. Before leaving the house the Lutheran pastor (Herr Kriewaldt) began the solemn service of his church, and its conclusion at the grave was not the less impressive for his rendering it in English as well as in German out of con- sideration for Mr. Burnley and his English friends. The greatest sympathy is felt for the bereaved husband and four children, the family having been a most united one. Mr. Burnley, who has been successful in business, had completed arrangements to sail for Eng- land this month to attend the celebration of his parents' golden wedding, but his trip will now be abandoned. 