Mining Notes. DISTRICT MINING. Mining matters are livelier this week all round. A little mild excitement has been occasioned around FlaggyCreek through a claim having been pegged out by D. Mongan, jnr., and party. It appears that the " loam " along the spur is so good that it pays for carting to the creek. The owners also expect that by clearing the surface they will be enabled to unearth a reef. It is reported that two or three parties from Eskdale have arrived during the week, and propose thoroughly prospecting the Big Ben ranges during the winter. We have since learnt that Messrs. Mongan and party have cut a race two miles in length bringing water high up on the spur. They are now " costeening " with the water, and expect to make almost wages out of the gold obtained in sluicing. The Stringer Consols Company has been successfully floated, and registration will be effected during the coming week Altogether thirteen shares have been applied for in this district, which speaks highly of the opinion of local residents of the prospects of the lease. On Tuesday, Mr. H. Dunstan received the follow- ing wire from the legal manager. Mr. A. W. Coles: — " One hundred Consols applied for ; do not sell any more." It will thus be seen that the shares have been well taken up. In yesterday's " Age " notice is adver- tised of intention to register the Stringer Consols, at Yackandandah. The number of shares subscribed is 180, the remaining 20 being held in trust for the company. The prospectus of the Queen's Birth- day Company, Hillsborough, will be issued next week, the flotation being in the hands of Coles and Coles, Melbourne. This firm has been very successful in all its attempts at floating companies, and in this district alone two companies have been floated within the last five or six months, whilst the Pride and Stringer is also one of this firm's " floats." The Queen's Birthday Company is likely to be got off very quickly, as the mine has a good record, whilst there is gold in sight. We should not be surprised to hear of a good gold bearing reef being ready for operating upon immediately after the tunnel is cleaned out. At present the tunnel is blocked, the bushfires having caused some of the timber in the surface stopes to break away. The company will consist of 250 shares of £10 per share. The sum of £150 will be paid to the vendors, in addition to which 100 paid up shares will be retained. The vendors are Messrs' McKibbon Bros. Stone and Clingin, of Hillsborough. Messrs R. Barnes and Hendy last Monday commenced work on the South Stringer lease. A company is being floated to acquire this lease. A new prospectus has been issued and the flotation is in fresh hands. The legal manager is Mr. Jas. Whyte, legal manager of the Landy's Dream, Walhalla, and the brokers are Messrs. Ellison and Evered of Collins- street. The company is to be floated in 48,000 shares of 5s. per share, the application money being 7d. per share. The shares are going off rapidly and it is expected that the promoters will be in a position to register next week. We were in- formed yesterday that Messrs. Barnes and Hendy have succeeded in picking up up the Stringer reef, the stone being 9 inches wide and carrying a little gold. The company when floated proposes putting in a tunnel from the east side of the hill, so as to obtain 400 feet of backs if a shoot be struck. Messrs Hicks and party, of Hills- borough, have discovered a reef on the continuation of the old Markham line. It is about two feet in width and gold can be seen. A trial crush- ing was last week put through Folster's battery, 6 tons giving a total yield of 2½ oz. The stone now being raised is of much better qual- ity. At Twist Creek there is very little fresh to report. Riddington and party are hauling some very nice stone from the Fanny Elizabeth. The Sydney party have finished their whim and baled out the shaft. They are now engaged breaking stone in the bottom, which is looking very well indeed. A crushing of 6 tons of old backs taken out, while the whim was being erected averaged 18dwts. per ton Messrs. Bullock and party had a crushing of a few tons from the Birthday, at Twist Creek, for an average of 8dwts. Mr. J. Jenkin owner of the Twist Creek battery has " taken stock " of his crushings for the last twelve months. The total amount of stone and mullock (prin- cipally mullock) put through was 1600 tons, the average being 5½dwts. per ton. It will thus be seen that over £1600 has changed hands in a small way. It is expected that next year's returns, judging by present appearances, will almost double this amount. The mill is this week engaged putting through a parcel of 60 tons from the Little Tunnel, on behalf of A. Clingin and son. The contractors at the Von Moltke are steadily pushing ahead, driving at the rate of 6ft. per week. The country in the face is very promising, there being numerous quartz leaders. On Saturday a blow of stone 12 inches in width was met with carry- ing a little fine gold. The following appeared in Mon- day's " Age " : — Pride and Stringer, Yackandandah, 15th May.— Making fair progress with rise. Lode 2 feet wide, showing gold in solid stone. Will start driving south on country lode on Monday, keeping three shifts also on rise. Battery boxes arrived at mine on Thursday. Were delayed owing to bad state of roads. Fixing boxes and pushing ahead all other work. The McCombe Sluicing Company is making good headway with the erection of their machinery, and in a few days the claim will be in full operation. There is about an acre of ground stripped to the wash, and when work is resumed an effort will be made to " touch bottom." The McCombe claim should, therefore, be soon included in the list of yielders of gold. GENERAL MINING. There is an alluvial rush near Wedderburn, the stuff running from 5dwt to 1 oz. to the load, for 12ft. sinking. A rich reef has also been discovered at Korong Vale, a few miles away. A discovery of marvellous richness was made last Monday evening in the stopes at the 300 feet level south at the Sharpe and Barry Amalga- mated Company, Leviathan Reef Maryborough. A veritable " jeweller's shop " was disclosed, and a candle box full of specimens brought into Maryborough is estimated to contain upwards of 100 oz. of gold : in fact there is more gold than quartz in the specimens. The find is the richest known in that district, eclipsing the sensational pocket of gold discovered in Shaw's Rob Roy mine, White Hills, a few years ago, the specimens from which were sold for £500. Although this company is registered as a no liability company the original owners still hold all the shares, and the shaft is 360 feet deep. Since the discovery of the reef in 1890 tbe owners have taken out nearly £90,000 worth of gold. The Herald correspondent reports — The results of crushings at Swan's battery, Eskdale, for the fortnight are as follow : — Scheinmiester, 6½ tons, 73 oz. smelted gold, thus keeping up to the standard of the first crush- ing from this reef at Scrubby Creek, Tallandoon. Fiddes and party, 2½ tons, 24 oz. ; this reef is on Henry and Blair s line, south. G. Blair and W. Drummond tried a parcel of 2 tons from their new find. The gross yield was 3 oz 15dwt. Several finds are reported from the west side of Little Snowy Creek, opposite Digger's Creek, but nothing sensa- tional is recordable. At Digger's Creek there have been some small parcels put through Wilson and Kohne's prospecting battery. H. Courtney's 15cwt went 5 oz. 13dwt. ; Irvine and party's 1 ton gave 3 oz. 15dwt. Conriev ' gives e '^hunC Mou^t -Elliott, -'c', tjie last twelve months., :i1k evidently a small -m«, r-- i-'-h ' twelve- moot lib to get Lv but +be sold ha^ 'not ^ Hie viol A is 2,3S4oa *- ? ^ ' ^ lease- 3Iyrtleford, r V hv &r; Ofiicer ami others, l'n n' twined, but r..-. : i-asnn is r,;fV the department for V:.ti; ^ c-rant tht to men nU' to -pri-d a large e;t of c:ipi tal on a property eight- years lias been ^ i \ ptibiie meeting was «lien it was decided 'f Mr J. A. Isaac? if enquire iu ..;0 -,vbv it. was i cfust-d . There ^?hjdi.niiition locally. Vevin- of Eskdnlc. has had '^acrnsbni?: honi his reef 5j l\\.'itl(lin? a' ^ IHoz ; ' ' r he Lone Hand. Wandili i k Mr E. W. 1W«0, ,1, prnvt^ very rk-b at the deep ?%1 vet u-m-kvd u- tlio mine, i i,e' remembered th:\t a few ! niro Mr l'^i^-:«.n. after ex ! . m l;\i iTO amount 0|' capital in '?j.).!- ilv uunt;, cornnenced .j 'shiift in t la- lower tunnel, :j'l Ii0I jrone down more than whtr.) '? nice body of stone was T!i^ rot'f w:i-- about 2ft. itli. and carried s:--ld equal to ' ilipz. D?rton'.* On '» eduesday, atn deptli -if 1H feet from raii-'^l. and 25 feet below r'rek lcvi'1. splendid gold was i ii;c retft boinir nearly o feet (if tlii- about 2 feet is being: ? ^-.r^.'i'fn^hinir now. The rich rlie -vutiv --r ;he main I* t -j s.!i'iio. snci so: -u lu.tir:' ticent wore Oil view v Bright. fees. Ortun. and C«' i;r-. *. c struck a : ,vcf in their al in vial claim on Mwtlefoul road. The stone is (eer ilv.ok and shows gold ? r Water will be troublesome, j-- second cleaning up of the Rocky ctsiii Gold Sluicing Company was i^N-d on Monday, when -»4-5oz of «cre obtained and lodged in the The fir?: cieaning took place a few \- s^n 1'~r 5S0 ounces. There are ?ome tw«-- or three days' work to be done, which may not ctei'Iy hring the yield for the year ISOOoz. Altogether the company vorked about three acres of ground. loinii so the capabilities of the nozzle have been thoroughly tested 