tu i&TrM; few For Aunt Connie's Cot. — Stradbrooke, 3rd February, 189G.— 'My Dear Aunt Connie, — I have collected Us 6d for the Children's Hospital. The following are the names of the subscribers: Mrs J. M'Caan, Is; J. A. Roweli, 2s; Miss E, M'Phail. Is; Mr Mowat, Is; J. Barron, Is; Mrs LsfvlJvQf t u> D tiathi, <u Viaiuir ic, Friend, 60; Myself. Is. Expenses, 5d. Total, Us Id. Amount enclosed. 1 have enjoyed the holidays very well, although they were very quiet. We went to a picnic on New Year's Day. It was about 12 miles from here, and near the sea beach. We had some races, also games. I have spent the evenings lately in making the quilt for the Children's Hospital. Please, Aunt Connie, what size shall I make it ? With love to Cousin Connie and Florrie, also Uncle Ben and yourself, I remain, your sincere .niece,— May Milton Hill. (Well done. May. The quilt should be 6ft by 4ft 6ln, but you can make it any size vou like.— Aunt Connie.) ' About Ostriches.— Pompaplel. 25th January 1896\. — Dear Aunt Connie, — Since I wrote to you last time I have been on. a hoiidav. While I was away' I went on a visit to Reedy Like, and It was swarming with swans and other kind of wildfowl. All together I think there must have been thousands of swans. I went to the ostrich farm near Lake Charm, and saw one hundred and fifty-two ostriches. Thev are very large birds. There arc a few sick just now, and £he keeper has to feed them. They are-dying for want of green feed When the keeper of the ostriches gets a new suit of clothes, he always has to get them the same color as his other ones. If, not, the ostriches will chase him. They look like a lot of horses feeding in the paddock. 1 am sending you a collection of two shillings and ninepence for the Children's Hospital. 1 collected It from my friends. I went to see my auntie in Ke- rang, and she has a little ibaby called Vera Kathleen. Dear Aunt Connie, do you think it would he any use of my writing for a prize ? With love to Uncle Ben. cousins Con nie and Florrle, and not forgetting yourself, I remain, your loving niece.— Fanny Davidson' Age," nine years and seven months. P.S.— I have collected 3d more since I wrote the letter. (Yes, Fanny, and I think you will stand a fair chance of winning a prize in time.— Aunt Connie.) Fond of School. — Roselln Farm, Durham Ox —Dear Uncle Hen.— This is the first time i have written to you. but seeing so many letters in the "Young Folk's" Page I thought I should like to write also. We live about, fourteen miles from Pyramid Hill. We always go once a week to Pyramid HH1 for our goods, as there Is no store In Durham Ox. I am nine years of age, and go to school. I like going to school very much. We milk fifteen cows. We feed the best of them on hay. We turned them all in on a little bit or amber cane we have grow ing last Saturday, and one cow died from eat ing it, and two have also been bad. We have very little grass in our paddocks. 1 have six brothers and two sisters; three of us go to school — Tom, Reginald, and myself. Dear Uncle Ben, excuse my writing, as I am not a very good writer. Please, Uncle Ben, can I write again ? 1 remain your little friend, — Albert Sinclair. (Yes. my toy. I hope you will get on well at school.— Uncle Ben.) A Pleasant Picnic.— Meama, Cth February, 1896\. — Dear Aunt Connie, — It seems ages since I wrote to you. I would hare done so before, but you seemed to be receiving so many letters that I thought I would not trouble you with one. However, 1 will now do so. I great! v enjoyed reading Cousin Hilda's story, "The Sapphire of Truth." I am sure we shall hear more of the writer ere long. The other stories were aiso nice, and on reading them I had to acknowledge they were superior to mine. How ever. don't think for a moment that I am dis couraged. I shall be In for the next story competition, and may then be more successful. I am glad to say that my two prizes are in excellent condition— perfectly clean and whole. 1 always make it a rule to cover my books as soon as I receive them. This keeps .the real covers from getting soiled and discolored, ?s ? are sure to do when much handled. On Boxing Day -we drove up to Stewart's Bridge, on the Goulbnrn, where races were held The hotel there is situated in a pretty spot, having a background of gum-trees, and on each side there is a small lagoon, where water-lilies grow. Three crowded stea mers went up to the Bridge, and looked very nice, being ornamented with various flags. I did not care much for the races, so amused myself inspecting the place. I had never been there before. We picnicked under a large gum- tTee, everyone seeming to have a good appe tite. Food is nice partaken of outside; and tea tastes better made in a billy than In a teapot. We waited till it got coo), and then orove home, having spent an enjoyable day. I have made my letter long enough alreadv, so will say good-bye. With fond love to Uncle Ben, my cousins, and yourself, your affec tionate niece,— J. Ahern. "P.S. — A niece of mine, Eva, would like to write to you but cannot muster up sufficient courage.— J. Ahern. (Tell Eva to write to me soon.— Aunt Connie.) , Fw!5 Dring Fast.— Aubrey. 2nd February, Dear Aunt Connie,— This is the first time I have written to you. I was thirteen years old on the 23rd of January. My sister Katie and I are going to school. " I am in the sixth class, and Katie is In the fourth class. My father has been taking "The Weekly Times" for a long time. We are milking fif teen oows. We take our milk to the cream ery. We take about twenty gallons of milk to the creamery. A lot of our hens are dying; I think they have some disease. Five or six die every day. Dear Aunt Connie, may I be one of your nieces, — I remain, yours very truly, Julia Kelly. (If your father writes to "Hotspur " "Weekly Times" Office, and describes tne symptoms of the disease, "Hotspur" might be able to tell him wlxat to do to prevent the fowls dying off. He knows a great deal about poultry, and how to cure their diseases, and Is always ready and willing to givo any Infor mation he can to the readers of " The Weekly Times."— Aunt po.mUe.) . - Ten, All Under -Fifteen.— Bostock's Creek January, 189G.— Dear Aunt Connie,— -I should like to join the League: If rouiUlltave me (I was born on 'the 16th 'Aprils 1'8S3), .and I will try .and keep jhe rules. Dear Aunt- Con nie, we did like Coiiejn Louie Russell's, letter What; a funny litUe/oglriie, ysl)e '-must be! Mother says she quileagreek: with Louie's mother, that if the farmers' daughters, want work they should adopt some children. Mother can speak from experience, as there are ten of us, all under 15 years old, and although we all help each other, there is always a lot that we can't do vet, especially sewing. 1 got my certificate in the fifth class a few months ago. With love to you all, I remain, your loving niece,— Mabel Vagg. (I am glad to enrol you as a member of the League, and to. know, that you -all try to help each other. Children, especially where there are ten all under 15. can do so much to make father and mother and all In the home happy by being loving, good-tempered, patient, and helpful to one another.— Aunt Connie.) Magpies Eat tho Grapes.— Berrimal, 3rd February, 1896.— Dear Uncle Ben,— This is the first time I have written to -you. and t hope ; to become one of your nephews. I got my cer tificate last October. I was in the fourth ' class. I am in the fifth class now. Our tea- I cher, Miss Fleming, went away for the holi days and got another school. We were very sorry.. There is no teacher yet. My two brothers caught 18 foxes this year. Bert caught one on Saturday night with one dog. Her name is Flossie, and she is a retriever. My birthday was on the 31st of January and dt was my sister Olive's birthday yesterday; she had a little party. X have eight sisters and four brothers; the eldest Is 25, and the youngest is two months. We have nearly 21 acres of vines and trees, but most of them are vines. We have only seven_pcres of trees. The name of our garden is Westbank. We have great trouble with the birds. The crows eat all kilnde of fruit The mugpies ate the grapes last year. They came in flocks and ate them. My father did not think they were eat ing them. He -thought they were catching insects, and Albert shot one and opened it, and it was full of grapes. The sparrows are very thick, and are troubling us very much with the fruit. The garden is suffering from the dry weather, and the -fruit is not nearly as good or as plentiful as other, years. There (was a meeting in our district about poisoning, and there were over 5000 rabbits poisoned, and there has been a great lot poisoned since then. This is all the news this time,— Arthur Baker ; II years. (A very good beginning. Arthur. You have given us some very interesting news, and I hope you will write again.— Uncle Ben.) Had the Best of It— Bostock's Creek, 6th ' January, 1896.— Dear Aunt Connie,— How can I sufficiently thank you for my beautiful prize which I received safely on Saturday evening ? I was very pleased when I saw my story in print, and found that I had won a prize, but I never thought It would be half so good as what you sent. I do think that books are the very best sort of prizes anyone can get; they give pleasure to so many besides their owner. Dear Auntie, I. am sending you a specimen of the bookmark we always use. Mother showed us how to make them when w.e were quite little, ias she said that turning down the cor ners of the leaves spoiled the books, and we have used them on all our books. They are so neat and tidy, and not easily lost. Do you not think so ? They all made great fun of me at home when' they saw that my prize and letter were addressed to a boy. and have boea calling me Master Lesley Adeline ever since, but I do not mind that, since I have the best of it in having the prize; but I think for the future I shall sign myself by my nickname of Dessle, as I am always called at (home. I must not write too long a letter this time, as Ella and Mabel' wish 'to write too, or else I had intended telling you something about Cam- nntiiiAntn l:ii t ti'III a en nflvt Hmn. Aoatn ivi Uv n ii| ar uai u w o thanking you very much, with all the com pliments of the season to my cousins. Uncle Ben, and your own dear self, I remain, your, affectionate niece,— Dessle Yagg. (What a funny mistake they made In ad dressing the books ! I told Uncle Ben that you were a girl, and be says that .at any rate, you "mastered" the boys in your account of the bushfire. — Aunt Connie.) Short and Sweet. — Woodleigh, 1st February. —Dear Aunt Connie,— 1 am writing to you as I don't see any letters from this part. I am ten vears old. 1 go to school, and am in the fourth class. Mv teacher's name is Mr Jones. I like him very well. There was a picnic on New Year's Day, but 1 was ill and could not go ; but I have been at one since, and en joyed myself very much. We have a pet lamb and a pet dove The dove is so tame that it rur.s about all day, and we only cage it at night We have 27 cows milking, and we take the miik to the factory. My father gets "The Weekly Times," and I like the "Young Folk's" Page very much. With love to all, 1 remain, your loving niece, — Jessie Michie Thanksgiving Service.— Tennyson, 27th Jan uary, 1S96.— Dear Aunt Connie,— Last time I wrote to you I told you about the tea-meeting. This time I am going to tell you about a pic nic that Miss Hfll. the State school teacher of Wanurp, and her sister gave to the children belonging to the school. Dinner and tea were laid out on the grass under the trees. The weather is so hot up here. Our teacher. Miss M'Kay, has come back. She was called away on the occasion of her father's death, and we were all pleased to see her again. The Har vest Thanksgiving Service at the Bible Chris tian Church was held 27th January.The church was decorated very well, and it was crowded. With love, your loving niece,— Annie Glad- man. Pet Guinea Pigs. — Bostock's Creek, 6th January, 1896.— Dear Aunt Connie,— It is a long time since I wrote to you last, but mother says it would not do to write too often, as you have so many letters to attend to. I did not know that you Intended returning the fjm- petition knitting, or I would have asked yo\l to "give mine to -some poor little baby down there, but I shall know another time. Dear Aunt Connle, Daisy Dunkley said in her letter the other week that she had some 'trouble to feed her guinea pig now everything is so dry. X should like her to know that my little sister Gertie has a pair, and they eat almost any thing. They sit up on Gertie's shoulder and eat sop, sago, oatmeal, bits of bread, or pudding, and almost any scraps from the table, and they are quite fat and healthy, such dear, clean little things. Everything Is very dry up here now, and the cows will not give much milk till the rain comes. Hoping you and Uncle Ben and my little cousins spent a very, happy New Year, I remain, your loving niece, —Ella Grace Vagg. A Very Interesting Letter. — State School, Glenrowan, 24th January, 1896. — Dear Aunt Connie,— This is my first letter to you. I am going to give you an account of the lovely trip wo all had at Christmas, during the holi days. We live in Glenrowan, and we left on the Saturday, a week after the holidays had begun. It took father and mother a good while on the Friday to get out our clothes and pack them up, because there were so many of us to think about— nine altogether. We have a nice pair of buggy horses named Darby and Joan, hut father thought they would be too lively to drive children with over tho Beechworth mountains, so he got a big horse from the butcher, who lives about three miles from here, and we made nearly all our ar rangements the night before we left. You may. be sure that we children all got up very early without any trouble the next morning, so that we might make an early start. Wa drove to Beechworth, a distance of 35 miles, the first day, and on to Allen's Flat,, about 20 miles further, the next day, to see "our grand pa, who lives up there! The weather for tra velling was very pleasant, as there had been a, little rain. We had two cows milking, and a; neighbor kindly agreed to keep them while we were away, and one of the school boys agreed to feed and water our fowls every day. Father drove me and Georgle and Sarah and Freddie in the buggie with Skipper; and mother drove Frankle and little Alice, the baby, and Mary,' our girl, in the tilbury with Ginger; and I ex pect, if you had seen us on the road, you' would have been amused, as we were so loaded Inside, and (had a quantity of horse-' feed, etc., tied on the axles. We drove to'. Wangaratta, and it is a ntce busy town, at the ' junction of the Ovens and King. We have all been there many times, as we go to the grand - show every September. There is a very long bridge over the Ovens River, and people are only allowed to walk their horses over It.'. After drlviug for some miles we came to Tar-, rawlngee. Tne railway line branches off at Wangaratta, and runs through this little town to Beechworth. There are very few residences near the railway station, but there are some very fine buildings on the Sydney road, which'. Is a long way from the station. Driving on a distance further, we found it was then 11 o'clock, so we stopped to have our dinner and! a god rest before beginning the Beechworth: hills. Then we made another start, and, com-, ing near the Everton railway crossing, where there were cattle-pits, we saw a State school, - and Georgle went in and he got our water-bag' filled afresh. Some distance further on we passed a creek of muddy, yellow water, which father said flowed from some of the workings from the hills. Near it was a large house with many scat tered buildings, which father aaid had been a great "hotel many years ago, when the wag gons travelled the road before the line was made. In front of this place was a beautiful avenue of tremendous acacia trees, giving such a lovely shade. We stopped there for a time, and got plenty of water— so cold— for the- horses and ourselves, and from this place right on to Beechworth, about eight miles, the road was nothing but hills and -hills, and we saw thousands of the Murray pine, which grows in such a pretty form, and Kten ia places where there seems to be nothing but rock. There was no grass, but we saw many, gardens of splendid fruit trees heavily loaded Dear Aunt Connie, you will notice that it Is nearly a fortnight since I began writing my letter to you, but I have been sick for three or four days, and I have to practice my music and nurse the baby and work for mother, so that I have not much time to write; hut If you would ilike to hear the rest of the account of our trip, I will be glad to write you again, and tell you about the hon. J. A. Wallace's wonderful sluicing claim, which I saw work ing at Staghora. I was 10 years old on the. 18th of last July, and I am in the fifth class;- and please kindly accept me as your affec tionate niece, — Annie Frances Sincocks. (You have given us a capital account of your trip. Unole Ben says It is just the sort of trip he would like to make with me and your two little cousins, and we both hope you will write again soon. I am glad to see that you are so careful to write neatly, and on one side of the paper only.— Aunt Connie.) 