[?] A Pretty Place.— Lake Arum, Sth Jan uary, 1896 — Dear Aunt Connie,— I am now going to write .you a letter to tel! vou tliat 1 am very glad to see that my letter was "Very highly- commended." Mother takes rue weeitiy i trues, ana i line reading the "Young Folks" Page very much. The grass is looking very dry around here, for the want of rain. It is very hot. 1 wish It would rain. Father was stripping for one of our neighbors, but he is finished now We live about fourteen miles from the nearest town ship, and the roads are very bad in winter There are four lakes near here. Their names are— Green Lake, Dock Lake, Pine Lake and Tailor's Lake. There are generally swans in Dock Lake, and some very nice fis'h in Green Lake. Mother, father and rnv two brothers were at the Rosebrook races on Nev Year's Day, and they enjoyed themselves vcrv much We had a social at our school last vear in aid of the children's prizes. I got first prize in the sixth class, and mv sister got first prize in the fifth class, and some of the boys at school thought it was not fair. I think thev were a bit selfish and wanted them for them selves. ; We get about two dozen eggs a day but they are only 5%d a dozen in Horsham' We have two. dogs, their names are Glen and Tiny. The biggest dog, Glen, is very savage but he will not hurt any of us. He will bite the Indian hawkers. If they hit at him, with the old stick they generally carry in their hand When they come near the house he barks at them, and they keep hitting at him and sav ing "Go away; go away," and that makes him very savage. If they were to go quietly past him, he would not touch them. Tiny is a little terrier. He is very handy to go in hollow logs and brings out tne rabbits; he is also very fond of chasing the cats and the fowls. He does not care for meat, so we give him bread. One day, while he was eating his bread, the fowls came to pick up the crumbs, he snapped at ; one of them and broke her leg, and, of course we had to kill her. We were very sorry he' cause she was one of our laying hens. Father killed a fox about a fortnight ago. May I inin the League of Kindness? I will try and keen the- rules. I was born on the 23rd of Anrii 1881, I must close my letter now, with love to Uncle Ben and yourself, not forgetting dear little cousins Connie and Florrie, front vnnr loving niece— Dorothy Voigt. (Yes. Doroth„_ Aunt Connie.) Another Member for the League. — Blink Bon nie, Goschen, near Swan Hill, 33/1/96. — My dear Aunt Connie, — As this is the first time I have written to you, I wish to be one of your nieces, and may I also join the League of Kindness. I was born orn the 25th of Novem- ber, in the year of 1884. We have been taking "The Weekly Times" for nearly twelve months, and I like reading the "Young Folk's" page very much. .My two brothers and I go to the State school. I am in the fourth class, my eldest brother is in the fifth class, and my youngest brother is in the second. The crops around here are very poor for want of rain, they are not nearly so good as they were last year. With love to Uncle Ben, Cousin Connie, and Florrie and yourself. I remain yours sin- cerely— Ada Elliott. Ishall be glad to accept you as a niece, and also enrol you as a mem ber of the League— Aunt Connie.) A Goose Club Picnic. — Green Hills, Beremboke, 10th January, 1896. — My Dear Aunt Connie, — I received my prize on the 7th. It is such a nice one, and is called "Through Russian Snows." I wish to thank you and the proprietors of "The Times." I often wonder how you can be bothered reading so many letters and selecting the best ones for publication. Our picnic came off on the 19th of December. It was very good. There was a picnic at Steiglitz the same day, called the "Goose Club" picnic— whatever kind of a thing that is. It has been very hot up here lately. There was a bushfire at Steiglitz on Sunday, the 5th. It burnt a great portion of the Albion township. The young men of Beremboke had to turn out to one the other day. They succeeded in stopping it, but it is still burning. With loveiovq to Uncle Ben, little Connie and Florrie, and yourself, I remain, your loving niece,— Hilda C. P. Dean. Some Pretty Calves.— Ascombe Valley, Car- boor East, 4th January, 1896 — Dear Aunt Con nie, — This is the first time I have written to yau. I am in the second class. I am eleven years old. When we came to live in Carboor, there was no school during that time. I lost a lot of learning; there were not enough scholars to keep a school going. My mother, sister and I lived in Beechworth, There was a large school there. I have only one sister. She is in the second class; her name is Martha Jane. She is eight years old. Carboor is a very wild place, with plenty of ferns and other shrubs, we have nine cows milking. We have some pretty calves. Yours truly, Agnes Catherine Wilson. Ernie Writes Again.— Greta, 8th January, 1896— Dear Uncle Ben,— I have received safely that very nice book which you sent me as a prize. I never expected to get anything, and mama and dada say that I must write and thank you and tell you how pleased we all were with it. I like reading very much. The weather is keeping very dry, and everything is parched up. The tobacco is the only plant that is green. Dada says that it stands the dry weather well. We have got forty-three chickens; three of them are frizzles. Our lit tle white kitten brought home four little kit tens on Christmas Day. There are three white kittens just like herself, and one grey, and they all had their eyes shut, but they can see now. Dada. says that our grey mare. Violet, has got the bot fly under her jaw, and it is making her very poor. I have two little cousins in Mel bourne, named Harold and Reggie, and an Un cle Harry, who works at the Government Printing Oifiee. They come up to see us at Easter Again thanking you for the prize, and with love to Aunt Connie and all my cousins and yourself, I remain your loving nephew, Ernie Hogan. Twenty Years.— Boiia Vista, Rosebud, 13th January. — Dear Uncle Ben, — I yould like to be one of your many nephews. This is the 'first time I have written to you. I nearly always read the "Young Folk's" page in the paper. I enjoy it very much. There is only another week of holidays for us State school children. I am glad to say I have enjoyed my holidays very nicely. 1 also hope the poor children In Melbourne did. I will give you a few notes about this district next time I write. We have had dreadful weather lately, and I pity the far mers' crops, more so th# people who will have to buy the flour. I passed into the lower sixth in November of 1695. Wo have been taking "The Weekly Times" for about twenty years. I remain yours ever, Sidney Gray. Age, twelve years and three months. Seven Years Old.— Bairnsdale, 9th January, 1896 — Dear Uncle Ben, — I go down to the fisher men every day. We have a little pony. I am in the second class, and I am seven years old. My father is working over the river. He has been there for two years. There are a lot of snakes here. We get a lot of eggs. It is very dull up here. We have got a lot of flowers. I have got two brothers and two sis ters. We live near Lake King. We go for a bathe every day. The school is on the Settle ment. It is a very pretty one. I see a lot of swans in the lake of a morning. It is keeping very dry up here. Ma nearly trampled on a big snake at the door; he came from un der the house. When he saw Iter he ran away. Santa Claus brought us a lot of pretty little things. With love to Aunt Connie and yourself, 1 remain your affectionate Tommy Herrick. Stawell, 18th January, 1S96. — Dear Aunt Con nie,— I now write these few lines to let you know how I enjoyed my Christmas and New Year holidays. On Christmas day we went fishing and caught over 10 dozen fish. On Boxing day father, mother, my brother, and myself went to a picnic, where we enjoyed ourselves very much. We went by train to Mount Dry den. It was the Primitive Methodist Sunday school picnic. On New Year's Day we went to the Black Range, and we went up on the mountains. I went to look for maiden hair fern, but as the weather had been so dry. the fern was all dead, so I did. not get anv but father got a lot of brook lime. Can any "of my cousins tell me the use of it? I am glad to see that we have another little girl writing to the "Young Folk's" page from Stawell. I now remain, your loving niece, with love to Uncle Ben, yourself, and little Connie and baby,— Susan Smith. (Brooklime has been recommended for asthma. Full directions have been given in the "toung Folk's" page how to prepare it, and you will find them If you look through some of the back copies. — Uncle Ben.) iE?Riearom Sunstroke.-Pranjip, 17th January 1896.— Dear Aunt Connie,— One of Mrs Burns' ®r's. Eot sunstroke on Sunday, and died on Monday morning. The chaificutter men were ai! having lunch in the shade, and they saw , a Wg snake run into the stack We milk 17 -cows m the morning, and six at 'night, Sid my «£er 1 mllk them all- We have all ted H lichen-pock, and we were all in bed th?s vp.ar TXln3 a \ot £ chickens and ducks tnis year. Our dog has broken two chicken legs, and we killed one of them. I and sister and mother went to Euroa show. Sister and I were on the merry-go-round twice. With love —Maude Mitchell, age 10 years last September 26th. Killed by a Falling Tree.— Pranjip, nth- January, 1896.— Dear Aunt Connie,— It is a lone time since I have written to you, so I thought I would write to-day. The first I must tell you about is one of our best cows, which got killed. Papa found ber when she was a little calf. One day mamma was standing at the door, and she thought she heard a calf sing out, so she listened again. Dad went to see what it was. When he reached the place where he heard the calf he brought the caif homo and reared it up. We only had one cow milk ing then, hut we managed to rear it. The- say that the calf must have been asleep by its mother and something frightened it, so it ran into our paddock. We had ber a long time until one night when Mrs Stubbs was burning down a tree, she was standing under the tree when it fell. Mr J. Shaw was coming over to our place and he heard the bellow. He said to Dad, "1 believe that tree has fallen on one of ''our cows. " They. both, went over to see if it bad. When they came back they said that it was Daisy, and.- that her leg was broken. They went down again, and found hc-r two hind legs were broken, " her back broken, . and , one of . her " horns smashed. With love to yourself, Uncle Ben, and my little cousin, I remain your loving niece,— Esther Mitchell, aged li years last 26th August. His First Letter.— Berrimal, 11th Januarv._" Dear Uncle Ben,— This Is the first time I have written to you,- and I wish to be -one of your nephews. I have five brothers and two sisters my eldest brother is 20 years of age. My sister Annie has got seven pigeons. My brother Jim drives the milk to the creamery- We have 13 cows; we -take 10 gallons to the creamery. There are three milkers, so it does not take long to milk them. I have three dogs and a white rabbit I got in any stocking a box with two pens and two pencils and a rubber and a bag of lollies and biscuits. I had a very merry Christinas and a happy New Year. We have a large garden with twenty acres of grape vines; there are nine or ten acres with grapes on. We have five acres of trees. The trees have not got fruit on yet We have a lot of fancy trees around our house. It has been very dry here lately. My grandmother has been very iil this last few months. My grand father is in the hospital this two or three weeks The tanks are nearly all dry, ; so we have to cart water t» drink. The grass Is very dry and short now. With love from your loving nephew, — John Collison, aged 13. Don't laugli at this letter, for It is the first I have written. (And a good first attempt, too, mv boy Write again when you have something" of ia- terest to tell us. — Uncle Ben.) Among the Mountains. — Karabeai, J3th January, '96.— Degr Aunt Connie,— This is the first -time I have written to you. I see by "Tha Weekly Times" that you have no nieces at Karabeai, so I resolved to be the first to write from here. I will try to tell you a little about where we live. It is situated on the bank of the Wan no n River, which goes dry in the sum mer, and is thickly wooded on both sides. We have zy miles to walk to school. The head teacher's name is Mr Fenton, and we like him very much. The Grampian Mountains are not very far from here, and they are very pretty. Mount Victoria, Mount Sturgeon, and Mount Abrupt are quite close to us. May I be one of your nieces? I remain, your loving niece,— Charlotte May Gordon, aged eleven years. (Yes, Charlotte, but next time write on one sido of the. paper only.— Aunt Connie). Only Twenty-four Scholars. — Cathcart, 14th' January, 1896.— Dear Aunt Connie,— This is .the first time I have written to you. Will you kindly accept me as one of your nieces? We have a very big garden and we take vegetables to market to sell twice a week. We had a nice rain on Sunday, and it continued till Mon day night. It made the garden nice. I got my certificate in the fourth class at school when I was nine years of age. There were three teachers at our . school — a pupil tea- ' ciier, a sewing mistress and a head teacher, but the pupil teacher and sewing mistress left ! because there were only about twenty-four at tending the school. I was ten years of age on the 21st of June. With love to all, from your everloving niece,— Nellie Clark. P.S.— Please may I write again ? (Certainly, Nellie.— Aunt Connie.) Nothing Like Black Thursday. — Ascombe Valley, Carboor, 4th January. — Dear Aunt Connie,— I am thirteen year old, and would like to .be one of your nieces. I must tell you there are plenty of bush fires around and about Carbour. but they are nothing like the fires of Black Thursday, which happened many years ago. My mother was only a girl going to school. My aunt was living near the beach on the north shore, about seven miles from Geelong. They took refuge in their boat with everything they had, and went out on the water, for the fire was within a quarter of a mile from their house; but as the wind took | a change the fire did them no harm. My mother was living in Tasmania at the time. The smoke was almost as thick there as in Victoria, as it was pitch dark at .half-past four in the evening. May I write again? Witli love, I remain, your affectionate niece, — Mary, May Young. (Yes, Mary.— Aunt Connie.) Sunflowers, Hops, and Flax. — Bairnsdale, 2nd January, 1896. — Dear Aunt Connie, — This is the first time I have written to you. My father has been taking "The Times" for sixteen years. He says it is the best paper. I like very much reading the "Young Folk's" page. We had a picnic on New Year's Day. It was dn the park. It was a very pretty sight to see all the boats on the lake. I am in the third class. The schoolmaster's name is Pedlow. Our school is on the settlement. There are beautiful gardens 'here. The sunflower crops look beautiful. They are digging potatoes here now on the settlement. They say our settlement is the best one. The Mitchell river is a very pretty one. The ships go up and down every day. . I am sending you a few cards. The hop crops are looking lovely, but they think they will be light this year. We go to pick the hops every year, and the flax crops look nice, too. With love to yourself and Uncle Ben, I remain, your affectionate,— Polly Herrick. A Nice Prize.— Red Hill, 14th January. 189G.— My Dearest Auntie Connie, — I am writing this little note to let you know I received my nice hook, and to kindly thank you for your Innd wishes; also to thank the proprietors of 'trie Weekly Times" who so kindly presented it. It was Indeed a great surprise prize, and 1 am pleased to say I have never read it be fore, and it is such a nice interesting book. I was glad Cousin Eva Shields and Cousm Tesa won first prizes; their stories were very interesting. With love to Uncle Ben and your dear self, and my two little cousins, I remain, your everloving niece, — Flora Helen Hopcraft- (I am glad you like your prize, Flora. — Aunt Connie.) Tlie division of time into months and weeks is so old that its origin cannot possibly he ascertained. 