MANAGERS* REeORTS. Cürtin-Davis Proprietary, February 20.-100ft.Level-Driven 3Jfc; total, 2«4ft. Lode 3ft. wide, with veins of siderite and oopper pyrites through the formation ; good footwall. 180ft. Level-Winze «unkSJft.; total, 18ft. Gin. Lode 2ft. to 2ft. Oin. »ide, carrying galena, yellow copper, and fahl ore in good proportion. 420ft. Lovel-Driven 3ft.; total 342ft. Lode 2ft. wide, showing good oro ; wator still continues strong in back of level. 560ft. Level-Xcut. 1C. driven 3ft. from level. Country blue slate, with veins of copper and iron pyrites. 680ft. Level-Rise put np 3't.; total, 15ft. Lode, ISin. of siderita and yellow copper. 1,430ft, Level-Contractors driven 5ft.; totul, 34ft. Lode shows 1ft. of iron pyrites and quartz against the hanging wall. On the 18th instant a very.destructive bushfire broke out near the railway line and swept up the hill on the company's property, burning the three smithies. We wore fortunate in being able to Bave the bellows and toola from two of them, but all the charcoal was burned. The men had hard work to cavo the top camp, and the lower camp was in great danger from burning, logs and loose stones rolling down. I hope to have work resumed in tho mine on Monday, 22nd instant, it having been suepended since the outbreak of the fire. Comet, February 20.-During the past week the main shatthaa boen sunk 3ft. Oin.; total from plats 47ft.. from surface 38'2tt. 335ft. level extended 8ft. Oin.; total :iS5ft. from plat. Lode poor. No. 3 winzs, total depth 74ft.; is now deep enough to connect with bottom level. S.E. Drive, 260ft. Level -Lode improving, and now carries 1ft. of fairly clean ore. N. drive from bottim lovel advauced Sft. ; lodo 3ft. wide, principally secoad-clabs ore. Stones over 335ft. level producing very little first-class ore, the out- put being principally milling ore. During tho past week the mill haB ran 94 hours treating 246 tons of ore, which produced 53 tons of concentrates. Daring the past week the following quantity of ore baa been dis- posed of :-Third-class concentrates, 24 tons ' 2cwt. 2qr.: hand-picked, 34 tons 3owr. Sqr. 91b.; total, 58 tons Scwt. 3qr. 91b. gross fumpi and machinery iugood working older. East Volunteer (Warrentinna Section). Main shaft sunk Cft ; totul from surface, 76ft. Country beginning to change in the bottom, and promises to be more favourable for sinking. Water making about ISOgal. per hour. Golden Point and Crown, March 1, Main shaft enlarged, and the opening seta placed in position and the well sunk 4ft.; depth below No. 4 level, 64ft.; total depth from surface, 394ft. Expeot to have the well finished about the end of the week, after whioh preparations will be made to open out. No. 4 Lovel, 330ft.-Winzs sunk a further depth of 1011.; total, 33ft.; lode 2ft. wide, still going down strong ; prospects poor tho last 2ft. or 3ft. E. drive, E. of slide, advanced 6ft ; total, 31ft ; average width of B'.ono Gio., of fair quality, Stoping between Nos. 3 and 4 lovell just about finished. Delivered at the Pinafore battery 30 tons of stone; total, 45 tons; on hand, ubont 25 tons. All machinery in order. Golden Ridoe, February 27.-Tunnel The contractor has driven Cft., making a total driven along the reef of 16ft. The reef is the samo as last reported. Tho country ¡b very hard and bad tor blasting. Work is suspended on this reef for tho present. Blow Reef-The contractor bas sunk a further distance of 5ft,, making a total distance from surface of 47ft. When shaft reaches 50ft. will crosscut for hanging wall. The formation is the same as last reported. Hiokson's Mine, March 1.-Sunk shaft 8ft., total distance 68ft. Country sandstone, with bauds of blue slate and quartz leaden ; all the leader« carry gold. In the N.E. corner of shaft the reef has inoreaeed in width from 6io. to 1ft. The atone has also improved from ljoz to about 5uz. to the too. I am sending a «ample to Hobart and Melbourne. Linda Lyell Pioneer, February l8. Main shaft started 11 x 4 in the olear; ?unk and timbered total depth 70ft., and centred to 65ft.; first 25ft. through wash carrying few colour« of gold to dish, remain- der black pugh charged with iron and copper pyrites, loose nature. Water making lOOgal. per shift. Little Wonder, March 1.-Winze on pyrites lode sunk only a few fret during the week in ooniéquenue of bad air. I have laid down air pipe« to bottom of winze, and bava now a good curreot of air passing through. Montagu No. I, February 24.-Main «haft sunk to 23ft. below level; ground hard. Stope« looking rather poor during week. Output-Firsts, 4 tons ; seconds, 3 tons. We sampled and sold on 23rd inst. 16 tons lOowt. of ore for £118 1?. 2.1. Moonlight, February 27. - Extended drive 0ft. ; total 172ft. Country is certainly that class of rock in which we find the gold-bearing stone. The slide is stilt in the faco, und standing perpendicular aa clean and as defined as we have .ever had it. I have obtained a good prospect of coarse gold from a vein running east of the tunnel that was worked by the oíd Olivo Branch tributors lorne year« ago. I would recom- mend this be followed till it gets into soft country, where we may expect the lode to maka at. The Purity of our Aerated Waters is undoubted.-Cascade) Co. Mount Lyell, February 19. - No. 1 Tunnel-Drive extended 5ft.; total, 177ft. No. 4 Tunnel, S.D.-Drive extended 5ft.; total, 669ft. No. 4 Tunnel, S.D., No. 3 Xo'ut-Xout extended 4ft.; total, 156ft, I Surface Work, No. 1 Brach-Removió« overburden. Nos. 2 sud 2} Benches- Break i ing ore for smelters, No. 3 Beach- Stripping Ifootwall. Both furnaces running con- tinuously. Framing and erection extension . of boiler department in progrese, iluilding J for extension smelting department nenriug completion, Retaining wall of storage bins iu progres?. No. 3 blower running. Bibcock and Wilcox boiler parts coming iu. Flue Dust-Taking out fluo dust. Converter I lint-Running with one vessel.- Fourth vessel received from Sydney, about to start latter. Made eocond shipment of CO tons blistor copper by boat leaving Strahan 17th. New Mount Zeehan.-I am doing some surveying and preparing a plan to seale so as to show you tho exact posi- tion of No. 2 shaft from the main shaft. Also the position of the xcut time wo aro driving from our northern level to tho No. 2'ehaft. In this xcut we have I gut a lode that looks very promising, bub we cannot open out loo it ior a few days yet, till the contractors get in nome distanco past it. I think wo aro still about 20ft. or 30ft. from William lodo, and I am ia good hopes that this will be good where we will cut it. New Pinafore, March 1.-Main Winze A dam has been put in at 300ft. xcut and winzs cleaned cut roady to resumo elnkiog to-day. No. 0 Lovel, on Footwall Stone W. drive extended 8ft.; total, 143ft, from xcut. Reef, 3ft. wide, with well-defined wallB. No. 1 Level, on Footwall Stone-W. drive exteuded 17ft.; total Otft. from xout. The solid stone is rapidly cutting out, and giving place to pug and boulcers, from which a little gold'is obtainable. Battery Working one shift, 10 heads for Golden Point and Crown and 5 heads for Major G.M. Co. Cyanide Plant-Ono vat com- pleted and rilled with tailings ready far a start this morning. 1 hope to have the ] other two vats completed this week. Chlorine works kept going half time, North Tasmania, March 1.-Have out chamber and aunk winze 2ft. There is a fine body of stune 3ft. wide showing in winze, oarrying fine gold the whole width, but at present not payable. The N.E, end has been driven 3ft. The reef formation still keeps the same width, 5ft. Prospects are about the same as last reported. New City of Melbourne, February 27. -Malu drive east at 200ft, level advanced to 50ft., Iodo 3ft. wide, still oarrying a little gold. I have bean further prospecting the lode at 100ft. level, and find it will averaga about 1ft. of good payable «tone, which can easily bs worked, and I would recommend that a crushing of say CO tons be taken from here, this would materially assist in developing the mine, and would also relievo shareholders. Machinery in good order, and water under early oontrol. New Golden Gate, February 27 -Main Shaft-The main shaft sunk a depth of 7ft. for the week ; total, 145ft. Gin. from surface. 1,100ft. Lovel-The east xout driven a total distance of 262ft, from shaft. Country same as last reported. 1,000ft. Level-The south- east xcut driven a total distance of 218ft. from shaft. At this point we conuected with winze from No. 10 level, which has ventilated this level, and better progress may now be expected. 900ft. Level-The length cf the new make at this level is now 98ft. At this point south end we are xcutting the reef whioh now shows 10ft. of stone, and no signs of the footwall. The winze, north end, fias been sunk 9ft. ; reef in bottom strong and payable. 800ft. Level -The north drive on new make driven a total distance of 27ft.; reef in face, 6ft, wide ; piyable stone, 700ft. Level-A rise has been started at the north end of the reef, and is now up 4ft. The timbering of this level is progressing fairly well. No. 7 Level-A winze at the north end of the reef has been started to connect with rise from 700ft. level, and has been sunk 5ft. This will open a splendid block of stoping ground. All the »topes showing largo bodies of payable stono. Maohinery running smoothly. From 1,550 tons of quartz crushed, we obtained l,425¿z. of retorted gold. Oceana Proprietary, February 19. Duriog the week intermediate shaft has been put on and steam pipes between tho two boilors, with other fittings connectod chimney stack is erected, and maohinery building under way-all the pumping gear is on band, the winding plant is on the way io the mine with fittings completo. Tenders are invited for the sinking of main shaft, and in a fortnight from date we expect to havo all machinery and shaft sinking per- manently working. The erection of oapstan is progressing. Kooky River, February 16.-Drive on course of No. 1 lode extended 9ft., total 164ft. from main tunnel. Lode highly mineralised. Believe will meet a change at early date. Drive at S. sootion extended 13ft. Expecting to meet lode within next 6ft. From appearance of face think will turn out well. Face consists of quartz leaders and pyritos. If you aro thirsty, drink Cascade Dande- lion Ale. Scamander, March 1.-During the past week tho eastern xcut has been advanced 10ft. through mineralised sohist ; total, 2-ttt. Have also bored 4ft. without meeting with any sign of footwall. Have xcut 3ft. W. in similar lode matter ; will continue thia xcut a few feet further, and then resume driving on tho Boft ore body now standing in the face. Am oonvinced there ia godd oro at no great distance ahead. Silver Queen, Maroh 3 (by telegraph). Last parcel (87 tons) realised £729. Silver Queen Extended, February 26. Block 1-A fair quantity of both firsts and seconds is being raised, and the seconds will be treated at the Queen mill this week. Block 2-This blook has just been let to Fraser aud party, and work will commence thereon immediately. Blocks 3 and 4-The sinking of the aiuln engine shaft is being proceeded with. A riso is also being put up from the 60ft. level at the N. end. Work in the northern prospecting shaft has been retarded during the week by heavy raino. Both first and second-class ore is being won from the stapes. Fahey aud party cold during the week 22 tons 18owt. of first-ekes ore, and 21 tons lGcwt. of concentrates for a total sum of £569 7s. 4d. Blook 6-The No. 2 tunnel has been advanced to 125ft. from tho entrance. Block 7-The rise on the galena vein has been put up 15ft., and the surface is being cleared bo as to allow of a shaft being sunk to oonneot with it. 