Mount Babkeb: Fbidat, October 22,1897. Again we have to tender our hearty con gratulations to the shareholders in the Onkaparinga Co-operative Dairy Produce Company, who at the half-1 yearly meeting on Monday last were presented with a statement which cannot fail to give the greatest satisfaction to all interested in the welfare of the; pioneer Southern factory. Working on a capital of only £962 10s., the company can to-day boast of the largest and most complete establishment of its kind in the colony and a " nest egg "of £1324. Throughout its eight and half years of existence the company has paid a high price for the milk purchased, has declared dividends which have returned a large proportion of the amount paid upon its shares, and has in addition frequently granted bonuses to its suppliers. To Mr. R. Caldwell, M.P., is due a very great deal of the credit of establishing the co-operative dairying industry at Woodside, and that gentleman must have felt repaid to a great degree for his energy when on Monday he was enabled to report on the eminently satisfactory condition of the company. The six months just ended reveals a most remarkable half-year's operations, for although handicapped kv a bad season, resulting in a shrinkage of 10,000 gallons in the milk supply, | the exceptionally high price of 6d. per gallon has been paid and a dividend of 7J per cent, per annum and a bonus of ^d. per gallon have been granted. This price for milk has probably never been equalled anywhere in the world, and the Onkaparinga dairymen have been very fortunate daring a disastrous period. Suppliers were told not to expect a continuance of this figure, as so much depended on tbe cbeese market, which had keen responsible for the company's large profit during the half-year, but' there is no doubt that the producers will be treated with the consideration thev have received in the past. The suggestions made by Mr. Caldwell with regard to extending the operations of the company are worthy of the con sideration of shareholders, and there wonld doubtless be money in some of the lines referred to—notably fruit preserving and bacon-curing—while the storage and distribution of fertilizers would be appreciated by district agriculturists. Practical, energetic management, a good directorate, and a capable secretary have been the main elements in the progress of the Onka paringa Factory, and whether or not the excellent plant and buildings are further utilized in the manner indicated there is every reason to believe that the success attained during the past half-year is the forerunner of still greater prosperity. That this may be so is the wish of everyone who has the dairying industry of the colony, and particularly in the Southern districts, at heart. In the current number of that most excellent journal, the Australian Agri culturist, there appears a letter on the subject of subsidized experimental farms, and the suggestions put forth by the practical writer are so good, and the question being one which might be well considered by our own Government, we think it would be a pity to overlook the matter in these columns. The scheme outlined is this/ In a suitable locality an agriculturist of progressive ideas, having land of his own, is chosen by the Minister. On condition that he set apart a certain fixed area of his land for model farm work and attend thoroughly to this , work, at the same time not neglecting his ordinary labors on the remaining portion of his land, the department shall, at the end of the farm year, pay a subsidy of stated amount to him for his trouble—this grant, or portion of it, being forfeited if the work has not been carried ont to the satisfaction of the departmental officers. It i6 pointed out that the Government runs almost no risk at all and bears little or none of the initial expense, while the public reap many of the advantages of an experimental station at a very small cost. The New South Wales Minister of Agriculture has for some time had in view the utilization of private farms for educational purposes, and the scheme set forth by the writer quoted is well worthy of his consideration and tbat of Dr. Cockbura. There is much practical common-sense in the plan advanced, and such a scheme, well worked, should give a great impetus to progressive farming. In this colony more than in the sister province is something of this kind needed, for the Rosewortliy Agricultural College— excellent as it is—is the only local State institution for the dissemination of the knowledge required by the up-to-date farmer, although no donbt the lectures given by the various experts connected with the " producers' department," have not been without their good results. The agricultural show has done much to encourage improved fanning, bat it is not all that is requisite^ and the establishment of model private farms in suitable centres, affording practical object-lessons to the neighboring producers, would go far to supply the existing want. The expense would be trifling, the advice of the Government experts being what is required almost as much as monetary assistance. The instructions of these gentlemen wonld be carried out by the owners of the model farms, and the success of experiments in various crops and manuring would materially influence agriculture through out the district. We are quite prepared to hear this branded as a " socialistic fad," but then was not this term applied to the State Export Department, the best producers' institution ever estab lished by a go-ahead Government ? Science has accomplished great things for the present generation, and there is no telling in what direction its influence may next be exerted. New inventions and improved methods are bnt nine days' wonders in this advanced age, and what a few years back would have been regarded as little short of miracles are accepted by the philosphic 19th-centnry individual as matters of course as he proceeds to utilize them to the best advantage. To the city we naturally turn for signs of scientific progression, but of late years the coHntry has also given evidence as to the days in which we live. The bnsh telephone is now an accomplished fact. On. many of the large sheep runs throughout Australia the wire-fence has been used as a means of; communication between the out stations and the homestead, to and from the woolshed, and for many other | useful purposes, while it has helped to, keep up a spirit of companionship among ] the residents on neighboring stations. The value of the telephone in locating a bushfire can be readily imagined, and the manager of at least one Victorian station is known to carry a portable machine with him in the. summer, connecting it with the fence and giving timely warning in cases of emergency. Who can say what will be the next move on the part of the intellectual farmer and squatter ? Electricity has been successfully applied to agriculture in other parts of the -world, and it may not be long before the Australian tiller of of the soil seeks its assistance in a variety of ways. One may not have to take a very deep plunge into the future to see the squatter's home and farm house " out back" lit with this most brilliant of modern illnminants. A lesson has been taught us by Or. Nansen, whose exploring ship the Fram, while wintering amid the far Northern solitudes, was brightened by the glow of the electric light through the long weeks of night. There was an entire absence of costly motive-power, all that was required for the generation of the cheerful rays being a windmill and a number of storage batteries. What applies to the wiudmill as a water-raiser is equally true of it as a means of storing electrical energy—to use a common, though scientifically incorrect, expression. The wind cannot be obtained at will, and if we were unable to store water when we had raised it the mill would be useless. As we can retain a supply of water so can we bottle up electricity. We are not going to attempt any wild prophecies, but we are inclined to think the time will yet come when we shall see the windmill working on the farm and station, storing during each gale not only light for the homestead but heat for the kitchen and power for the general work of the agriculturist and squatter. 