LETTERS FROM THE LITTLE ONES. Dear Flamingo,-As nearly all the children who have not written to you before ibegin by saying, "I have never written to yoe before, but I will do so now," I will not, for, of course, you will know it is the first time. I am sending yon a piece of poetry that I composed. If you think it is good enough to print, I would be very pleased. It is called. FAREWELL TASMANIA. Fair looks thy land to the eye of the stranger, With sun brightly shining o'er valley and. hill, Kissing the face of thy lakes, 0 Tas mania, Tossing a smnile at each bright little "i1l. Chorus.-Farewell Tasmania, thou 'home of my childhood Blessings rest on you where ever I roam, Prosper your valleys, your hills, and your wildnwoods', Farewell Tasmania, Tasmania my hfome. Away on, yon hilltops the cattle are grazing, They'll graze on the same there when I'"n far away, Aind bright In the distance the bush fires are blazing, And the air all around me is scented with hay. Shall I see this bright island of ours again ever, I think as I look at its wave-beaten shore. But down in my heart a voice seems to say, "Never," Thou wilt see fair Tasmania again ,never more. Then good-bye for ever, thou home of my childhood's, I'll think of you ever when far, far away, I'll pray for your. valleys, your hills,. and your wildwioods, At the opening and close of each swift passing day. P.S.-I am very fond of composing poetry, and have other pieces far nicer' than this one; but they are either too long or unsuitable for the "Children's Column." Hoping this is not too long, I remain your constant reader, Violet Shennan, Sprent, Nov. 29. [The poem is a promising composi tion, auguring, as it does, better work when you are older. I will always be pleased to hear from you.-Flamingo.] My Dear Flam'ingo,-I am sending you something interesting for your readers. Let them break some cam phor into pieces the size of a pea, lay, these gently on the water in the basin, close together, so as to form a straight line. However still the water may be, they will not retain their position, but the line will curve in various direc tions. These arise from the irregular way in which camphor dissolves in winter, so that what is called the "sur face tendion" of the water becomes weaker on one side than the other: Now take a somewhat larger lump of camphor, lay it on the water, and set light to it. As it burn's it will rotate in a very curious manner. I thought your readers would like to know this. Yours very sincerely, Deborah- Jackson, Hobart, Dec. 7. [I am sure my readers will be very pleased to try what you suggest.-'Fla imingo.] Dear Flamingo,-I forward you a conversation entitled, "When the' leaves fall." If you think .it worthy of a place in the "Children's Column," will you please print it. "Poor old leaves!" said 'a man when he saw the leaves lying on the ground beneath the tree. "Why, what a strange thing to saty!" thought the leaves. "What can he mean?" and the leaves all rustled as fast as ever they could, -to tell him their 'happy story. "Why, man," said they, "don't you know that we have come down here because we wanted to' come? You see, dear Mother Earth has' been takilng care of us all the summer long. When the wind storms came in May, she said to our tree, 'Push your roots down hard! Cling 'to me! I will hold you tight! The wind shall not blow you down!' Then all summer long the earth 'has been sending its rich food up to us. It came up through the branches from the roots, and we have never been hungry once! We have had such- a happy summer, and now we have all come down-how strange you do not know!-to 'help the earth to store up food for next year's leaves. We are going to be part of that food ourselves." Just then some snowflakey fell. "Dear me!" said the man, "winter 's upon us, sure enough!" "Welcome, 'welcome," rustled the leaves; "we've been; waiting for you. We are all ready for our winter nap, if you will only spread your soft, warm blanket over us to keep -us warm.' Then the leaves nestled and rustled.. It took them a long time to find -just the places they liked; but at last they were cuddled together close to the heart of good old Mother Earth; the snow spread its blanket, and the leaves went fast to sleep, to dream of the new little leaves they were to help in their growth when spring should come again. "I 'wionder what the man could see to be sad about," they wondered as they began to grow drowsy. "It -must be he didn't know, and perhaps she did not hear what we said to him." Yours truly, A Constant Reader, Launceston, Day. 9. [An interesting contribution.-Fla mm-ga] 