Bush Fires. On Tuesday a considerable bushfire was burn ing in Rosebrook. On Wednesday it had ex tended through Eelah, Tocal, and Maitland Vale, the dry grass giving it only too much food, while the big westerly wind drove it onward. Another extensive fire is raging in the vicinity of Bishops 'Bridge, the dense volumes of smoke from which I are carried to the south of tte town. The feed is, tparohed enough as it is and the water supply scarce everywhere, but a destroying fire will be a serious added calamity. A report has been furnished to the police department by Constable Doran in connection with the bush fires. He etates that on the Eelah and Maitland Vale estates the grass has ' been burnt, together with a 'large amount of fencing, running into thousands of panelB. The fencing includes stock yards and gates. Three stacks of hay (about 20 tone), and a small vine yard, the property of Mr. Mackay, of Anambab, were also destroyed. A stack of hay, an outhouse, and pig pens, the property of Mr. S. Leggett, were burned, but Mr. Leggett wbb in time to let the pigs oubtininjured. The bedding and wearing apparel at 'Eelah house were got out when the shingles caught fire. The stables also got alight, but the flames were extinguished, though the place took fire three time. Mr. 'John Comer ford and Bome 20 men were hard at work all day in battling with the flames, and it -was owing to their exertions that the house waB saved. The ladies had to seek shelter across the river. 'Other dwelling bosses narrowly escaped destruc tion. 'It was stated that the fire had started between 'Eelah and Rosebrook about three o'clock ou l'uesday, and the heavy wind caused it to run. It was thought it originated through a man who was engaged fencing having lighted a -fire to boil h-B billy. It is further stated that the fire spread to Mrs, Comerford's place, at Mount Harris, where a quantity of grass and old fencing was 'destroyed. At Ravensfield Mr. P. Rourke had a stack of hay destroyed. The fire spread from Lamb's Valley over Hall's Moneybung estate, and on towards ' Paterson, destroying immense quantities of grass and fencing. Mr. H. M'Connell, of Mary Vale, lost 500 acres of grass, and Messrs J. Deaby, M. M'Na mara and M. Boland were also heavy losers by the :fire. It has also been reported to the police that a -fire burnt the fences around the cemetery at Hinton, aud also destroyed a shed belonging to Mr. -J Innes, and did other extensive damage. The conflagration is supposed to have originated in this spot by -fire being left in some stumps after burning off. 