SYDNEY IN AUTUMN. A FEDERAL GATHERING AND RECORD WEEK, By 1XI0K. Those who bave seen Sydney only at the time of the spring race meeting can form little idea of the development that takes place in the autumn. This year's social season, notwithstanding the threatened drought, has been one of the best, if not absolutely the best, on record. Cloudless skies, a scorching summer sun, tempered j by cool breezes, have been experienced! from day to day with monotonous regu-1 larity. These conditions, as a matter of course, were highly appreciated by Vic torian visitors, and would be equally so by ?Sydney people were it not for anticipated consequences. However, while the week lasts bogeys are put in the background, and pleasure takes full license. Raudwick drew immense attendances, over 16,000 people feeing present 011 Doncaster and Cup days, and the crowd at the Agricultural Show *vas something to be remembered, the official returns giving 30,000 odd on the popular aftemoons. The express train that left Melbourne for Sydney towards the latter part of last week bad to be divided in two, and even then ] Bras uncomfortably crowded, and arrived late. On the journey the work of the thy weather could be noted. After leaving the Victorian border the change was at once observable, and in a few hours the full efiects could be seen. The plains are simply brown dust, 3in. or 4in. deep, with here and there faint patches of green, due to isolated thunderstorms. The cattle gather on these gingerly, picking at the straggling blades, plucking root and all. Bush-fires, looking at night like lighted cities, are frequent. Streams have disap peared, and their beds are as hard as their franks. Insect life is reduced to mos quitoes-the speckled variety-whose bite raises lumps as big as half a hazel- nnt, Sydney people have pretty will given up mosquito curtains, finding them practically useless. They prefer to rub a little oil of lavender on their hands and faces before going to bed. This keeps the little pests at bay; but, to make up for loss of mois ture, they put full-speed ahead to their telephonic-like hum. Lord and Lady Rrassey, accompanied by Daptain and the Hon. Mrs. Freeman Xhomr.s errived on Tuesday. Other Vic torians who were present lor t*ie holiday were the Hon. Rupert and Mrs. Gariugton, Mr. lleginald Bright, a.ir. Sylvester Browne, Colonel Selwvu Camp bell, Mr. Walter Hall, Mr. Colin Simson, Mr. R. Horsfeili, Sir. Herbert! Power, Mr. TVilliain Leonard. Mr. James! Patterson, Mr. R. Crawford, Mr. F. W.J Dauby, Sir. Robert Simson, Mr. David I Bern;:rji.n xind niece, Mr. Henry Butler, Mr. I Leslie M'Donald, Mr. S. G. Cook, Mr. F. ] F, Dakin, Mr. C. F. Fraser, Mr. George ! Vbwles, Mr. and Mrs. li. G. Kent, Mrs.] Maesmore Morris, Mr. Edward Lang tow, j Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Loughnan, Mr. Macnamara, Flag-Lieutenant Duff, Miss Fiskin, Mr. and Mrs. Burdekin, Miss Hors lall, Sir. Robert Chirnside, and Sir. Cruit shank. Sydney men at the races included Mr. Charles Bath, Sir. John M'Lachin, Mr. George Lee, Mr. Hampton Glceson, Mr. Xom Slattery, Mr. Harry Dawson, Mr. Adrian Knox, Mr. R. C. Allen, Mr. E. A. Oatley, Mr. H. L. Mackeller, Mr. S. R. Wilson, Mr. Frank M'Donald, Mr. James Mitchell, Mr. Tovell, Mr. E. de Mestre, Messrs. Eales, Mr. Frank Reynolds, Dr.' 'Anderson, Mr." James Thompson, Sir. W. Hill, Messrs. Osborne, Mr. Criehett Walker, Mr. H. Chisholm, Sir. JL W. Traill, Mr. C. Baldwin, Mr. W. E. Royds, Mr. D. Tennant, and Mr. H. Underwood. Visitors also came from Adelaide, Tas mania, West Australia, Queensland, and New Zealand, making quite a federal gather ing of colonists, on pleasure- seeking chiefly, with just sufficient business pretext to tnake the trip necessary. The extraordinary continuation of settled hot weather and moonlight nights made the harbour the chief place of resort dur ing the Easter holidays. Th<? numerous steamboats were packed with- Iranian beings, and as all clothing was either white or brightly coloured, the sight of the laden1 vessels reflected on the unruffled waters of the harbour was a fine one. Added to this were thousands of yachts, darting in and out amongst the shipping, their white sails momentarily grouping together in one patch and then breaking up like snow flakes scattered by the wind. In the even ings, indeed, up to 1 and 2 o'clock, the streets and roads were full of people, en joying the refreshingly cool breeze that al ways springe up after sundown. A good deal of brightness is added to a Sydney crowd by the numbers of sailors and ma rines from the war-reseda -who have liberty ashore. The police still wear their summer uniforms-white helmets, troneers, gloves, and darkish coats. The theatres bad big bouses. "At Her Majesty's the "Zeada" Company got and enthusiastic reception, quite equal to that obtained by any ".Gaiety" troupe, and I do not remember to htve .seen eucb .quantities of -floiras handed over the footlights before, Miss Ferrar being singled oujlor the.majority of offerings. A£-tfaeLyecum an extra ordinary musical jumble called "Sqnat ^otxkcy/' by Mr. Harold M'Ejenae, was performed. ' Thfi names of tlie principals are sufficient to indicate the general (tupidity of Its character:-Shearfleeoe is a squatter; the Hon. Herbert Uotpace GiHedge, a young aristocrat; pick Swingletree, the "lover; and BareplainB Station, the scene of action. Min» Myra Kemble struggled hard to the fo, and the Governor and forty pBtmninrfl it on Monday. If people in the back blocks conduct themselves as they are made to do in "Squattocracy," then the sooner the drought sweeps them from the face oi the earth the better. Although the attendance was so satistac tory at Randwiek, I think there were fewer ladies than usual present. Others noticed this besides myself, and it is put down as the gradual outcome of dividing the grand stand in two portions, one for members and their wives, and the other for the pub lic. Between every race the stand is de serted for the betting-ring, ladies who wager being the rule. They put their money on I themselves, and collect, too, when they win. ' It is hardly a pretty sight to see a book maker dropping sovereigns into tiny gloved j hands that tremble with excitement over; the joy of receiving. Betting shops are thick iii the city, and wagering is carried on in the most unblushing fashion, the police actually regulating the crowds as they pour into the shops. Lord Hampden drives a good drag of sombre colouring to the races, but it was the only one on Doncaster day. There is an excellent luncheon paddock, shaded uj grand trees, but it is very little used, people preferring the airy rooms under the stand. After Kewhnven had won the St. Leger Lord Hampden decorated him with the red sash, instituted oi recent years for Sydney Leger winners. Fruit is scarce nnd dear, nnd there ate no liawkers with their barrow loads in the streets, as in Melbourne. Asparagus is still j in, but it is weedy. The "cabbage garden"' is sending up about 40 tons of green vege tables every two days, and they fetch ex cellent prices. Of course there is no green feed; even the maize crops withered. Most of the stems were trodden down by cattle, leaving the t-tauding ones wild and ragged, looking like so many whitey-brown scare crows. The bicvcle is nearly extinct, at all events in the citv. I *aw three in three days, two being lady riders. There used to he a fashionable bicycle club at one time, but it has disappeared. The reason being that the attractions of the harbour tin such a climate) are too strong for the bike to cope with successfully, in fact the yacht is the "wheel" of Svdney. and is likely to remain so until the hills are levelled and the weather amended. Tiny steam laimcnes, holdinc about six, and worked by a lHiorse power gas engine, are used a great deal. Most of them are white, with a coloured ! or gold band. They hold about six, and people go to watei- parties in the®. Uu Sunday I saw a line of eight steaming away to a quiet spot for an afternoon's pleasure. It was a ekarming eight. When Sydney people determine on a holidav they make no mistake about it. I Easter Monday was one of their great day*, and tlie entire population (except, perhaps, the bedridden) made a rush for some place of amusement or other. The exodus com menced at daylight, strings of families pour in<r through the streets, making for some country outlet, by water, tram, or rail. The ! pleasure furniture-van is not u>=ed, other ! means of transit being so convenient. It was a hot, clammy, and dusty day, but the families hadn't much on, and tbev took the best (in reason) off when they got to the iseaside. They carry their food with ihein, j and a basket of fruit, the brilliant-coloured, ! but wooden-looking date plum finding most favour, one of its attractions being that there is a good deal for the money. The number that travelled to the agricultural show and races, &c..; is returned as 220,000, exceeding all records, and there was not a single accident. £1,500 was taken at the gates of the show-grounds on Easter Mon day, and £1,700 at Randwiek. ! The turnstiles at Randwiek on Easter Monday showed that 20,000 bad paid their j shillings-everyone has to pay shilling from flat to grand stand-for admission. For the first few days Victorians had a good time, and won money, as nearly every race was picked, except the two big handicaps, JJR, Carabine, in the First Nursery Handi cap, returning to her owner the money put on 'her for the Doncaster. An extraordi-1 nary incident happened in the First Steeple chase. Gladstone, at the far side of the; course, bungled ai a fence, and then literally ?climbed over it, scrambling on to the top, . and jumping down in most comical fashion, the movement reminding one of the action of the monkey on a stick of childhood's* davs. i In addition to the long list of festivities there were about four or five fancy fairs .going on. The chief one was in aid of St. Mary's R.C. Church. It i6 a brilliantly' got-up affair, all the stallholders appearing in handsome fancy dresses of a more or less dc-collete nature. The bazaar was carried, on entirely by raffle/ and race games, shil ling tickets being hawked about by swarms of good-looking girls for chances in all kinds of "works of art," from a pony-cart to a, sovereign in » purse. _ | Sydney is certainly the noisiest city on the globe. The town-hall clock holds pride of place for preventing sleep, and must be most, annoving to the night watchmen. It not! only*strikes the hours with exasperating; distinctness, but chimes the quarter in aj jumbled sort of way. Then there is the noise of vehicles rumbling on the wooden j roadway, the sing-song cries of the 'bus; bovs calling their destinations in a tongue i fctrown only to themselves. When all this erases, dogs commence their story of the night in variouB keys. Soon after day-, fight, bells commence for eariy ma®, with aj monotonous clang, and steam whistles bloW: seemingly just for the love of the thing.! There is also a powerful fog born somewhere, in the neighbourhood of Circular Quay, which at-fi o'dock adds its mite Jto tte! general harmony. On the Sabbath morning SH rtiia is added to by runnets railing the Sunday papers. . " At theraces the majority of the men dress themselves In n Tational and sensible man ner in light clothes, and Homburg or straw bate. Thfire ane still some-not many who keep to the shop-walker frock^oat, jajwit boots, turned up trouaenv 1 and silk hat. These Johnnies had " tor" rible toasting on Cup ]);ny ami uiiu I ? . bad attack 01 heat apoplexy, auu bail sent home. The women are very sen- » and keep to light loose things, coiisequc . looking cool and charming. A crisis seems comine in the ?water siipPf> of Sydney. The continued severe ntnnn upon it has led to the depart meat issuing notices calling on citizens to economise ;'s much as possible. Water if? used laviMilv in the drainage system and baths. ' £ f' waterless is too horrible to think of. At Berrigan it is being eold for five shilling* a bucketful. The latest addition to the Sydney Art. Ieiy is "The Judgment of Paris, by rice Grieffeuliagen, the artist whose black and white work depicts men and women fifteen feet high, the former with wild mops of tow-coloured liair and long snaky arms. The work is an extraordinarily ugly OIR'' with still more cxtraordin.irv colouring. if colouring it can Iv called. Jt was amusing to watch the holiday folks gazinc at it open moutlied, wondering what it meant. '1 hey were too puzzled to pass remarks. and. alter taking Uleir fill of the nightmare, parsed on to the better things on either s"'e The yearling sales, always a feature at autumn time, are an interesting and pic turesque sight.Thes* took place on the lawn at Randwicfe, beneath tlie splendid ffrees -Mr. Clibborn'e box being under one o) the largest. The ring was made up of people interested in blood stork and well known sportsmen. Amount thm were Mr. W. Leonard. Mr. .lamo- I'alerson^Mr. .Tames Wilson, Xlr. E. do Mostrc. Mi. 'loin Stewart, Mr. S. G. Cook. Mr. W. Well man, Mr. George Lee. Mr. F. lbwimlds. Mr. .T. IL Ogburne, Caloml Campbell. Mr. W. Forrester, Mr. A. llooUe, Mr. \V. K. Royds, Mr. H. Chisholm. Mr. d. Odd). Mr. H. C. Dangar, Mr. Vini-;»t Howling. Kales Uros., Mr. Leslie MneDonald. Mr. U. L. Mackellar, Sir. Alec Benson. Ac. The event of the day was the sale of tlie brother to Coil. Mr. Leonard, who was bidding on behalf of Mr. C. M. Llnyd. and Fat facing the auctioneer. ciHiiinen.-ed busi ness. He was Quickly replied to !>y Mr. Cobb, on behalf of Mr. Win. liuiley. of H;<I larat. The bids went up steadily 'ill i'l.nw was reached. The round of applause that followed caused Coil's rci:(ion to perform after the manner of circus horses. The groom who was holding liiiu e;illed out. "Someone come and help inc. I'm getting too giddy to keep on."' Mr. Leonard's l;i«t bid wjs £100. Mr. C.>l-b raised him £50. After a pause Mr. ("lil horn's ridins whip came down with .-lap on the *ide of the box, and Coil's lnut her spain di<' u war-dance. Colonel Campbell IIPU«II: a beautiful chestnut coll. by Splendor, and Mr. Sept. Miller took tiv'n-a biMiher to .Superb and an Abercorn lijlv. 