LOWER PORTLAND. Busu-fires have been burning b*»h nd M-. C. ( Green's orchard. i Mr Green is stripping the bark from the wattles on bis slope. He has some fine healthy seedling orange trees growing in this scrub, which have never had a hoe near them. These trees are some fifteen or twenty years old. This does not prove that orange trees are better without cultivation ; but it shows how well-adapted are the banks of the Hawkesbury for growing citrus fruit. Mr W J Allen, Government Fruit Expert, spent Monday and Tuesday at Lower Portland, going through the orchards with the owners, and an swering questions concerning.orchard pests, dis eases, and the general principles of pruning, bud ding and cultivation. Every farmer present, and few were absent, soon felt that he was listening to a thoroughly practical man of wide experience. Questioners were soon put at their ease by the courtesy of Mr Allen's manner, and we are grateful to him and the Minister, who is running his De partment on such liberal lines that the best practical knowledge is made immediately avail able to the poorest farmer in the country. Our local fruit expert, who subjected Mr Allen to a stern and searching cross- examination, allows that the result was satisfactory in all but one point of detail. Beyond noticing that his rejection of j the theory of planting by the moon was abrupt, in fact, almost flippant, we had no clue to what this detail might be ; so. without layiag ourselves open to a snubbing for our inquisitiveness, we tried to find out. Was it about those pumpkin bugs in Tom's orchard ? Or the brown bugs in Bill's fence ? Or the pruning of that apricot ? Or-but no, our expert is not to be pumped ! R. Towns, who recenlly won the English scul ling championship, was trained out here by Peter Kemp. Well done Peter-you can still make your influence felt on tne Thames. As we passed through Windsor the other day, we could not help noticing the crowds of nicely dressed, romping children playing in the Public School ground-a sight to gladden the heart, of Mr Garrard, who is never more at home than when magnificently distributing prizes, or deliver ing addresses to just such crowds of little people And yet, though we are entitled to a school within a mile, under the Public Instruction Act, our children at the Lower end of Lower Portland must go to school bare-footed and in shabby clothes, because they have to tramp three, four, and five miles, by over-grown paths, sloppy with the morning dew-for children's clothes cannot be washed every day, neither must they sit in wet shoes. If their parents are ashamed to send them so, let them keep their children at home ! 