SUNSTROKE AT GUNDAGAI. GUNDAGAI. Monday. Another heat-wave is passing over this distric.t The thermometer on Sunday registered 109 and to-day 111 Two men working at the new Gundagai bridge were sunstruck to-day. Ambróse True fell from tbe top girders, and in addition to sunstroke seriously injured his hip. About the same time Percy Thorn ton, working on the ground, dropped down in an unconscious condition. Dr Gabriel was summoned and the men were removed on stretchers ALBURY, Monday A wave of intense heat has returned, 113 in the .bade being recorded ARAIUEN, Monday The great heat has returned Tho temperature yesterday was 104 and to-day it was 111 BALRANALD, Monday The maximum heat to-dny A» as 1204 m the shade Yesterday it was 116 < BLGA, Monday A temperature of 1021 in the shade was recorded to-day It became cloudy towards evening BOURKE. Monday Tlio bot weather continues without abatement Great heat was experienced all last night The thermometer rose to 113 to-da-, Alight lannblo wind is making things plcaaantcr, although at noon it was scorching BOWRAL, Monday The weather is again warm, 91 in the shado being recorded to-day BRAIDAVOOD, Monday Very hot weather is pre»ailing A good fall of rain is needod to freshen -» cgct&tion; BURRAGA, Monday The thermometer registered 104 in the shade to- day. CAMDEN, Monday Owing to tho intonso heat-99 lu tho shado being registered at 4 o'clock this afternoon-no drill has taken place at camp since S o clock this morning Tho mounted squad drilled from G till 8 this inorn "B' CANDELO, Monday Yesterday and to-day has o been excessively hot. To-day 109 was registered m tho shado Notwith ?tanduig the heat tho pasturage keeps good CANOWINDRA, Monday The temperature reached 110 to-day being the hottest day on record There aro no indications of ram, which is badly w anted CARCOAR, Monday It waa a scorching day hero yesterday lhe maximum thermometer record was 87 and to-day the heat is about the samo COOMA, Monday The weather wat hot both yesterday and to-day, and it waa very close throughout lost night. COOLAH, Monday The heat has been very oppresstvo for the last three days To-day 106 was registered in the shade There are no signs of a change COOLAMON, Monday Intonso heat bas prevailed since Friday Both by day and night it has been quito impossible to obtain sleep or rest On Sunday the thennouietor regis- tered 110 and to-day 115 in tho shade COROWA Monday. Distressing heat with hot winds prevailed to-day and yesterday Tho thennomotcr to-day registered 107 in the shade DENILIQUIN, Monday Exceaaivo heat has prevailed for the psst »» eek Yesterday tho thermometer reached Ila , and to-day 117 in the shade was recorded, being tho hottest record for the season GOULBURN, Monday The heat yesterday was 10H , aid to-dav 10G 8 GRENFELL, Monday Another beat wave has set in During tho jiast two days the thermometer reached 110 in the shade. HARDEN, Monday The heat yeatcruay and to-day baa been intense, registering over 100 each day lhere oro no signo of rain. HAY, Monday To-day a temperature of 116 in the shade was recorded This was the hottest day for 10 j ears here. Work was almost suspended On Sunday 110 was the shade température INVERELL, Monday The weather has been extremely hot during tho past week, the readings of the giasa being from 90 to 95. JONES ISLAND, Monday The farmers and graziers in the surrounding dis- tricts are beginning to suffer severely in consequenco af tbe continued dry weather Tho maize ero- s are rapidly drying off, and grasa and water are becoming scarce. TUNEE, Monday The weather is hot and closo The temnerature to-day was 101 in the shade KIAMA, Monday Tho rainfall at Kiama during January w as 388 points, which fell dwing 13 daja LAWSON, Monday Tho weather to-day was very hot, the temperature in the shade being 94 , ranging to 102 ut other gauges MOLONG, Monday The weather during tlio past few days has bcon excessively hot. On Saturday tho thermometer registered 89* in tho shade, on Sunday 97, while to-day it reached 101* lins is the greatest heat experienced here tins summer Rain is badly wanted, but there is no sign of a change MOUNT M'DONALD, Monday During tho last few days tho boat has beon ex- cessive. The glass stood at 106 in tho poat-ofllco to-day. AH vegotation ia being burnt up, and water ia very scarce MUDGEE, Monday A heat wave of great severity is jinsbing ovor tho diatiict. Tho glass registered 101 ou bnturdaj, 104 on Sunday, aud 106 to-day 1 here is a Wuo haze all around Poonlo aro suffering covertly Com- plaints are freely made ti at wlulo hot-weather trains are running from the Western districts, none aro running from hero NELLIGEN, Monday The weather hore is fearfully hot and drv, tho thermometer jesterday aud to- dnv being up to 115 Noveretheless, the crops are looking w eil NYMAGEE Monday The thermometer registered 110 in the shade to lay. OBERON, Monday The weather is the hottest of tho season lhe harvest is half over, and the proapocts aro good lhe potato crops are recovering in somo parts PAMBULA, Mouday Ycstoraaj and to-day wero tho hottest days this year, the heat being almost unbearable Nearly *!n. of min foil during Januai-, QUEANBEYAN, Monduj The temperature to-day reached 104 m the shado RYLSTONE, Monday The heat o( the past week has been A very oppres- sive, the thermomoter registering 102 in tho shade The corn and potato crops aro suffering severely, and unless we soon get rain the crops will be completely ruined A young man named Dibbins got a severo sun- stroke yesterday, but he is somewhat better to-day Bushfires are raging all round, Comber Mellon Mountains being all ablaze ¡SPRINGWOOD, Monday Yesterday and to-day the weather was »cry warm, the temperature reaching 90 in tho »lindo ni some places lhere ia no 8tgu of rain, which is much required for all purposes The fall for January WAS 1G1 points only, tho bulk of which fell in the early part of the month ST MAR 18, Monday The beat to-day was moat oxccssivo, the tempera ton being 107 at 2 p ni lhe early maize crops have been completely burnt up, and bubb Arcs are prevalent. STUART TOWN, Monday -JP" thermomoter yesterday and to day stood at "».. ... , TARANA, Monday _T weather is intensely hot 1 hn thermometer ¡SÖiST n*^?y 10° . tri">»h»do. Hain is now greatly Sí¡Írf;'»"J^"-Pk"c'nt íro*to tt,mo,t «oatroyad tlio TM%h?Íair3Í?w ? vl oou»»<l'"">tly he very little yield The rainfall for January was lesa than 21n. ,m. .. * J, ... WELLINGTON, Monday The heat during the past three day. ha. been most Oppressive, ¡sunday and to- day being the hottest days this seaton The thermometer registered KM in the ?bad« yesterday, and to-day reached, los, Volees rain comes shortly the corn crops will be a fa-luro The grass and tho herbage aro becoming Tery scarce m tho district. WALGETT, Monday Tbo weather keeps hot and dry The shado readings wore-Wednesday, 103 , Thursday 99 , rriday, 104 , Saturdaj, 104-, Sunday, IOS , Monday, 104 WILCANNIA, Monday The weather is getting decidedly warm hore It was 1U m tho shade yesterday and 110 at 10 o'clock to-day, rising to 118 at 2 o'clock The Mount Browne roach has just arrived two hours late, tho horses being completely dono up WINDSOR, Monday Tlio continued dry weather hero is causing inuc'i anxiety t*> tho district farmers, and thero is more than a mere possibility that not only tho early hut the late crops will bo destroyed unless ram speedily sets in Au old resident states that after an ex- perience of many years ho ne* er saw things so dry in tho district as they nt present are The rainfall for lost month was 1 258in , which is 1 914in below the mean for this month, deduced from observations made by Mr Tobhutt extending oi,or 35 years YOUNG, Monday The weather during the last few days has been very hot Yesterday it was 104 in the shado, and to-day 106J at 3 p m , with no sign of a chango 