plashes. (by meteor) . During last week the hearts of all . good Christian people should have beaten half la note faster than usual as1 • they- sat by their fain firesides," and; : \yptched; the beautiful showers of rain descend upon this parched up vale of tears* making even the froggy to wake up from their listlesB state of apathy, andlohime witn renewed bass and tenor voices. It is to be'hoped that now this glorious gift has come in answer, to the earnest prayers offered up, that everybody will unite together and'give thanks to God for hie mer ciful kindness. It is strange .how many people often are ready to ask for anything they desire, and when it comes; grab it and are satisfied. ' A young child which has been brought np at all in a civilize)! manner, will say.thank-you whengiyen a bun or a brick, and thelpast that people of knowledge and experience can do is to return.'the.'same to' their Creator for gratifying their requests:; At the same time this direet answer to the; people's prayers ■houH prove strong enough to "quash" all this nonsensical ideas indulged iij bv sceptical scribes through the newspapers, as to it being useless to pray to God for anything, or of scoflfng at other people's good action | however, ■ we have received what,wo wanted, and providing a few warm days should smile {Upon the Nepetm diatriot, the faoe of nature will Boon be green and smiling again u it was in "ye olden time." Easter holidays, which have recently passed away, will long be leapt green in the minds of a number i of 8ydoey young , men, wh v ere this hare had to wait till the merciful shades of night fall o'er the street, before they dare oreep in at the baok gate atad up to their rooms unknown to their most intimate friendB. Some of these gilded youths started'out from, their, homes lately for Penrith, where theyhired boats and proceeded np the War ragamba Western River, after enjoyment of all kinds.: Having arrived ar their destination,: they pitched their tents, donned old clothing .whioh had seen their best days years ago, and had,dinner,; they then started up the river for a pull, leaving every thing behind and the fire alight. They remained in blissful ignorance of any mishap, until a woman was heard shouting from over the river that their tents were on<^re; going back ; they discovered everything by rot fcq-a cindejr. Good suitsof clothoj watobes, money, and other valuables, were all gone. It seems the ftre bad oaught the dead leaves &c;,,and then kept on up the mountain side bqroinga * track before it. The town men of course looked very miserable, and as they could only iraise: 8s (jd between thorn, they started for1 Home Sweet Homo' in a hurry. . Another party, further, np the river allowed their fire to get away while at dinner, not notioing it nn£il sonje old wallaby shooters came on the scene and worked screnuouBiyio get u ouu These two brief descriptions of the initiated injtd the ways of Bimple bush life, serve to show hovf many of the large bush-fires which periodically devastate the mountains, Kre caused ; and it would be a good plan far all thoso who make their escape to the busn from the large towns at odd times, to consider what an amount of harm can 'be dope through illljr carlessness. At any rate let then) always remember to put out the fire. i . The arrival of Butler, '' the Goblin of the Blue Mountains,' on Tuesday, caused a good deal' of excitement in the "big smoke," and hundred^ waited expectantly at the Margaret-street wharf, where the Mariposa berths, hoping to see his pretty face, but they waited in vain, as dear Butler waa quietly landed at Elizabeth Bay and taken straight up to Darlinghurst in a covered waggmette. This was evidently very wise on the part of the force, in avoiding a scene and the " Goblin," must no doubtj appreoiate their kind action of.considering his feel ings In the tyitter. By the way, his1 lordship1 had a good old time of ft in 'Frisco, and if the ladies of Sydney go as m$d as their sisters die} qn the other sidejithere will ..doubtless be a Ijeavy derpandfo* ,cigar, and cigarette .humpers and old tobacco leaf, wfth whiob to present him as a mark of their sym; pathy; however we expect tq hear more of him anon, and from all accounts, some fearful thinta trill.cqme to light, wb(ot» ptqple at present little dream of, 