BOMBAY SIGHTS Ai-!D SENTIMENTS. (Bt ' Boondi.') 'The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for tho Sabbath.' That was tho opinion of the Founder of Christianity; but we are wiser in our generation, oE course. Providence knows all things; but the God-fearing Government knows them better — or it thinks it does, and that amounts to the- same thing. Hence it is that we find the aforesaid G.F.G. issuins? Sabbath Observance edicts which are held up as subjects for general ridicule, tem pered with lurid profanity for a time, and are then kicked aside with as mnch liasty contempt as one would fire a dead cat into a gutter. * 9 ft Very pious persons who are in the habit of learnedly quoting the Bible as an in fallible authority upon the Sabbath sub ject may bo very mad when thoy learn that the institution of a day of rest did not originate with the Hebrews at all. Thoy merely sanctified a thing they already found in vogue. Both Hesiod and Homer speak of the seventh day as ' a holy day on which all things were perfected,' and scores of Pagan nations observed tlie seventh day far better than many Chris tians do at present. o «* * Those marvellous old people, the Chal deans, had attained to a high degree of civilisation before Father Abraham's days, and therefore before there were any Hebrews so-called, and yet some recently produced evidence clearly proves that the Chaldeans observed a day of rest. Each month had a ' Sabbatu,' or Sabbath, on the 7th, 14th, 21st, and 28th days, besides a fifth ono on the 19th. It is very certain that the Sabbath is older than tho Deluge, and some of these fine days proofs will probably be unearthed showing that Abel was a Sunday-school superintendent, and the bad boy, Cain, used to 'wag it' and put in his time catching fish with a piece of fried bread on a bent pin off the banks of the river Phison. » * * o Each person has his (or her) own opinion respecting what ' a real good day's rest' should bo, and this fact makes all attempts to legislate upon the matter abortive. One man will lio in bed all day, while another wiil mount his wiry, untamed steed and go 'scorching' round the country till he falls off from sheer fatiguo. Women never rest; and this recalls a good saying to the effect that God made tho earth in six days, and then He rested. Then He made man, and rested again ; then He made woman, and since that time neither God nor man has ever rested. * ? ? Sunday begins very early in this city, and it generally lasts until very late afc night also. About 6 a.m., just as the Fresh Food carts are whirliug along the milky way and disreputable thomas cats are slinking home to sleep, auxious-looking,, wild-eyed men may be noticed creeping up to the' side doors of friendly pubs, tapping cautiously three times on the panels, and insinuatingly whispering up the key-holes — 'It's all right. Missus Fuseloyle — it's only me 1 ' Those poor pilgrims have either 'neglected to keep their jugs filled with Sunday 'swanky,' 'just as the foolish virgins forgot the nuptial kerosene, or the jugs leaked badly during the night, and therefore a fresh supply had to be pro cured or the whole world would.come to an untimely end before sundown. If all our publicans were to combine and remain rigidly closed against all-comers for one Sunday the present absurd Act would be torn to shreds the following week and slung down the Bondi sewer. w * * Later on in the seventh day a few man and quite a multitude of women bogin to polish up their forms and prepare for church. Another crowd begins to polish up its bikes and prepare for a turn round the Centennial Park. Last Sunday there were 513 persons of assorted ages, sizes, and sexes whirling wildly along the Park walks before 12 o'clock. 'I know, because I counted thom, and touched each cyclist on the head with a stick as I made my tally. I presume that cycling on the Sabbath ia quite orthodox, however, for no deputation of divines has yet waited upon the Premier demanding that all persons who indulge in it shall be shot dead and their machines bo burnt by the common hangman ; and furthermore, I find that the Cherubim uses a peculiar make of quad-cycle for their messenger work in Heaven. w w s My personal acquaintance with theCheru bim is limited just at present, but Ezekiel in his marvellous visicu (Chap. X.), de clares he saw ' four wheels standing by the Cherubims ; all four wheels wero alike, as if a wheel were in the midst of a wheel. And they went by four ways; and they turned not when they went; but to the place, whither they first turned, the rest all followed, and did not; turn back.' The angel who was showing Ezekiel those wondrous sights called the wheels ' Voluble,' which is a mighty good name, too, and if there are any religiouslyin clined men amongst our cycle makers they ought to catch on, for a Cherubim cycle called the ' Voluble,' with a pneumatic tyre, ought to be pretty near perfection. « * # Many people go church more because they think the church needs them than because they think they need the church. A fellow missionary, Mr. 'Bill Nye,' recently rambled round the London churches, and having taken stock of all he saw he said : ' Why should man, who stands in more dire and terrible need o£ reform and the development of his better nature than women be so poorly represented on Sunday at Church? The clergyman says it is the Sunday paper that keeps him away, and the. Sunday paper says he is a mighty dull clergyman who cannot make himself more interesting than the Sunday paper. Possibly it is because in many instances the Sunday paper deals directly with human events, while the Sunday sermon is the aftermath of a library.' moo That the necessity exists for making our churches more attractive than they are is a matter which admits of no possible prob abledoubt whatever. Every person possesses two distinct natures — the spiritual and the material, and it is through the latter that vivid impressions are often made upon the Former. No person of a sensitive nature could look unmoved upon - the ethe real face of Raphael's Sistine Madonna, or listen without inward emotion to the celestial strains of a ' Kyrie,' ora ' Gloria' by Mozart, Haydn, or Weber. # * » Some Italians bitterly say 'We spend ? millions in the erection of magnificent cathedrals, and the starving poor lie down and die in the shade thereof !' That doesn't strike me as being a wholly satisfactory bit of business at all. Some day (when I have 'drawn a horse,' or had a pot of tnonev ' willed ' to me) I may start a re formed religion of my own. It ought to be an easy contract, too, for Lord Brougham held that theology is ' the art of teaching what nobody knows,' -and what nobody knows can't do much harm to anyone. OldEarles, an early English writer, shrewdly said, 'Our farmers knew only two prayers, one for rain and one for fine weather, and most men are Christians simply through fear of hell- fire. If any religion could frighten them more they would cling to it at once.' That ought to be a very simple matter also. For instance, how would men blanch and wither away with fear it I preached to them of an Iuferno which resembled an andless Parliamentary session in which crack-voiced, iron-jawed, leather-lunged fiends rose in their red-hot places and talked, and talked, and talked for all eternity upon topics of which no one knew anything, and everyone cared very much less. I think that would fetch the faithful; but the danger is that it would probably scare them to death before I had time to ' shazzy ' round with the plate and take up the usual collection. 9 * * For every man who attends church at least ten women put in an appearance (Catholics are far mote evenly balauced), but the real reason why a woman goes to church is a matter which restR solely between herself and her conscience — and her corset. Here is a common domestic scene, which shows a massive and ex pensively - millineried matron, who is emiuently respectable, and may also claim to be highly religious, for she sails majesti cally down tlie church aisle to tho well apholstered family pew, followed -by her three marketable daughters, every fine Sunday in tho year; Her husband is a man of means, aud of much sin, I fear, for in his rough, hearty, boisterous way he often boasts : ' Wo have to play some giddy game3 on. 'Change, of course, but there's one good thing about me — I never go to church ! ' * # » To-day the heroine of my sketch and her daughters — the three Graces, as a sarcastic friend styles those tall, angular ladies— are lolling about listlessly after being to church, when suddenly mamma asks: 'Did Mrs. Potts-Pointe ever wear that shot silk before 'No,' replies Miss Maud (the eldest of the Graces); 'that's her now one — the fifth this year, too. I'm sure it must; be true that her husband gambles, for his salary at the bank isn't enough to keep the extravagant; wife he has in dress alone. Shopldu't wonder if we hear of another sensational case of embezzlement and arrest soon ! He must be robbing someone ! ' ? * 8 'Oh! don't talk of Mrs. Potts-Pointe,' interrupted the second of the Graces, Miss Matilda. ' Did you see Sarah Sangbleu with that flaming rod matinee hat, and its ? big praucing red feather, aud red flowers, and red beading ? It's a pity she dyes her red hair brown, for if she wore it 111 all its natural carroty repuisiveness she could go to tho next fancy ball as one of Dan O'Connor's pillar-boxes or a bushfire. I thought I'd havo died laughing when Mr. Chasuble read out the text : ' Though your sins be as red as scarlet.' If tho Bible is ever again revised I'd suggest, by way of making it up-to-date, 'as red as Sarah Sungbleu's ugly red head.'1 * It 9 Just here the youngest of the Graces, Miss Millicent, pulls a Ho. 4 shos off her No. 6 foot to ease the tear- compelling throbbings of a carting corn, and casually inquires : ' Who was that ancient gorilla the Widow Wyse was . fastening on to a3 we came out of Church ? She's no chicken herself, but he looks as if ho had landed with Captain Cook, and was walking about to save funeral expenses.' ' 3er troubles about that, if lie's got the money.' sneered Miss Maud. ' Why, that woman would marry Lazarus himself if lio couid pick up orumh3 enough for two mid 'make a lit Lio extra by private exhibitions of his sores.' n W * 'You children,' — tlie youngest of tho Graces is 27 — 'you children,' observes mamma, with a patronising smile, ' are remarkably rich in Bible quotations this morniug. I am realiy pleased to find your papa's pernicious example has not spread its baneful influence upon you, and that you pay earnest attention to the blessed truths of Scripture.' ' Oh, ono has to pay attention to some blessed thing or another to keep from fall ing asleep,' snaps out the eldest of the G-races, 'and as for that Widow Wyse, Bhe's well named. But then thore was never a foolish widow yet. Oue matri monial experience seems to fill a woman chockful of villainy — drawn from her husband's inexhaustible supply, of course. . That Widow Wyse hasn't paid the under taker for burying her last victim, and yet this is tho third old frump she has tried to hook since Christmas.' V # * 'I thought Minnie Mouseline lookpd rather nice this morning,' says mamma, ivith a yawn, ' but, of course, she had nothing new on at all. Everything she wore was old stuff, renovated and restored. It is a pity that she is so very plain, and . has such a blackguard brother, jand that her father had to run away to California. ' Oh, when you want to see the cham pion plain girl,' exclaimed Miss Maud (who was ugly enough to scare a street roller herself), 'you've got to call on Jennie Jettison. Good Heavens ! did you see her to-day with her misfit blouse, and her bargain-sale laces, and her pickle bottle jewellery, and her cheap shoes aud her clocked stockings (thoy were darned in Uie heels, I'll bet), and a dyed sailor hat, nnd ? 'Hello, girls! Home from church so soon !' shouts papa cheerily, as he lounges in after reading his favorite paper. ' Well, see anything good in the toggery line at church to-day ?' * » * Instantly the righteously indignant mamma rises, hitches up her six-acre silken skirts with one hand, gathers up her gorgeous prayer book, costly 'gloves, and parasol with the other, and as she prepares to flounce out of the room, indignantly retorts: 'I suppose, sir, yon think that is all your wife and daughters go to church for — fco look at and criticise people's clothes. It was well for your children, sir, that they had a mother.' ' Oh, it's always the way with pa,' tartly adds his eldest child. 'He's continually throwing off slurs upon church-going people. , No wonder the Lord sends earth quakes and strikes and rabbits and depres sions and Socialists and things upon the land that tolerates snch profane persons !' At this critical moment papa sees a jhance to slope, and promptly takes it — 'does a guy,' as the polite policemen say — and having dined, he spends the rest of the Sabbath heartily wishing the dreary day was over.' 