COMMEMORATION DAY HAHNDORF DRUIDS' FIONIC. Tho absenco of counter attractions—unless the buslifirc at Echuuga can be considered one—no doubt tended in a great measure to the unqualified success of the Druids' picnic at Huhndorf on Commemoration Day. Mount Barker was strongly represented, while the volley of the Oukaparinga from Mount Torrens to G-runtlial sent many spectators, so that there must have been between 500 and 600 people present. The picnic was held on tho charmingly-situated recreaLion-grouud, and owing to the intense beat the shady nooks were taken full ad vantage of, as also was the liquid nutriment dispensed at Mr. A. Bomber's booth, while Mr. Sonncmanu was kept very busy supplying tea and more solid refreshments. A. long procession started from the Union Hotel, headed by the local braes baud, which en livened the proceedings with selections at intervals during the day, being supplemented with like contributions from fiejo's String Band. There was also a miniature shooting gallery, at which many showed their skill in cracking bottles, which it is hardly neoessary to add were empty. The arrangements for the sports were well carried out, and nothing was omitted to ensure their success by the committee, which comprised Messrs. W. Kramm, Or. Sandercock, O. Borchers, R. Minkwitz, O. Spoelir, F. Miatke, H. Sonne mann, and W. Minkwitz, while the efforts of Mr. J. C. Bundle, who was here, there, and everywhere, should not be overlooked. Mr. C. Sonnemann made an efficient starter, and as judges Messrs. D. J. Byard and A. von Doussa were perfect, there not being a single dissentient voice against their decisions. ^fhe joint secretaries, Messrs, A- H. Bremer end It, H. Sonnomaun, upon whom tho great bulk of the work fell, were indefatigable in their efforts and ar'o no doubt amply repaid by the success which' attended them. Towards the latter part of the afternoon proceedings got 'a hit sultry in one or two quarters, but did not necessitate ths sending for tho ambulance van, and in some cases after the trouble had subsided pathelia scenes wero witnessed, in which eternal friendship was sworn. But, then, look at the weather. a.uo ursi item oa ids program wag [lie 8HEFPIELD HANDICAP. 135yds. First, £3; second, #1 j third, 10s. Birsl Bound, . . First Heat. Sinkinson, H. (13yds.) 1 Wylie, W. F. (16yds.) ... ... 2 Kleinschmidt, H. (14yds.) Oat of the 16 nominators 13 accepted, bat at the last moment eeveral did not put in an appearance, which * accounted for the dis arrangement of the heats. In the foregoing heat, through some misunderstanding, Kiein selimidt was left on the mark and tlie other tfjro jusf trotted jn far ptapeq. Second Xjcaf, Carey, P. (14yds.) X Bock, Ch (10yds.) 2 The other man not turning up, Carey and Bock had merely to cover the ground. Third Heat. Cope, g, J). tthyds.) ... ... 1 Thompson, Q. (10yds.) ... ... 3 Miatke, F. (14yds.) This heat made up for the tamcness of the two preceding, as the sprint was a spirited one. Cope got away well and maintained his lead throughout, hut the finish for second place between Thomson and Miatke was very close. Fourth Hepf, Oorreil, W.H. (^yda.)'.., 1 Correll was the only one left in this bout, and ho leisurely did the distance requisite. Second Round. First Heat. Sjipkiqsoq, H- (13yds.) ... X Qai-ey, B. (14yds.) ... ... 2 Bock, (J. (lOydq.) VFylie, W. F. (ifiyds.) , Wylia threw up tile Bponge about halfway. Bock was some distance behind the seaend man. second Jieot. ' Oopa, S, B. (I5yde.) 1 . Thompson, G. (10yds,).. ... 2 Gorrell, W. EJ. (Jjvda.J The fight wee between Thompson and Gorrell, but tho latter failed to pass his opponent, although the finish was very olose. Final.' Cope, S. E. (15yds.) 1 Oarey, P. (14yds.) 2 Thompson, G. (ICyde.)... ... ^ Sinkinson, B. (13yds.)' ' This was a tight thing for first place, but ■Cope managed to eecure the coveted position, while Thomson was a fair third. Next came tho HANDICAP HUBDIjE 8A0B. 136yds,—First, £1; second, J-Os, JjUerqn out gf 13 nominators accepted, and «U toed the mark. First Mound. First Heat. : Odpe, 8. E. (13yds.) . ... ... 1 Bell,'J. (12yds.)... ... ... 2 Bqck, Gf. (lOvds.) (Pyrie, T. (fads.) Tyrje, who had made up his handicap by the time the first hurdio was. reached, struck as he was going over aod railed a good i distance towards the socond, bat did not continue. Chpe maintained his load, and Bock failed to collar Bell. Second Beat. Wylje, WVF. (12yds.) .,. \ Touch, F. (6yds.) .< ... 2 Oorrell, W. B. (10yds.) Johns, F. (5yds.) Johns did not get away, and Gorrell eared in early, thoothertvro fiiiiiUing at en "easy pace, Third Heat. '• Filtgerald,W. (10yds.),.. 1 Thompson, Ot. (8yds.) ... " „. " 2 Kleinscbmidt, (I3yde.) TbiB was a capital run. The - alerting ws» very even, and Kio in schmidt looked a certainty for aeeotid place, as lie'was ahead of Thompson over the iatt hurdle, but was caught cloae to the tape. Final. Bell, J,(12yds.) 1 Cope, Sf E. (13yds.) ... ... 2 r: Thompson, Or. (8yds). ... ... '3 Fitzgerald, W. (10yds). Wylie, W. F. (12yds.) Parch, F. (6yds.) It was decided to run bis in the final, the hurdles proving wide enough. Bell lead easily for about three-quarters of the distance, when Cope got unpleasantly close and made a tight finish of it,-the others being well up and jumping splendidly. This finishes the heat business, and it is to be hoped the weather will follow suit. LOO CHOPPING. (Vertical)—First, £1 ; second, 10s.; third, an axe. Linton, 0. (2inin. 45sec.) .. 1 Paecb, A, G. (2min. 46aec.) ... 2 Thompson, H. (3mm. lseo.) ... 3 This proved a very interesting eveul and amply compensated for the trouble entailed in arranging it. The logs chosen were 18in. in diameter, and as the job neared completion the excitement was intense, the barrackers yelling encouragement and directions to tliBir favorites regardless of the huge slivers that were flying around indiscriminately. The fall of the first log was almost immediately followed by the crash of the second, while the third was only 15 seconds behind it. The other three competitors also showed that they knew how to handle the axe. LOO CHOPPING. (Horizontal).—First, £1; second, 10s.; third. Thompson, Hi (3min.) 1 Linton, C. (3min. 30iec.) ... 2 Xorier, J. (3min. 45sec.) ... 3 There were seven wielders of the useful tool in this event, the log which had pre viously been fallen serving for the operutionn, and if anything the excitement ran higher than before, although the finish was not quite so close. HAIDEK BICYCLE HACK. About 4 raitee. First, £1; second, 10s. Sohultz, A. 1 Paecoe, J..,. ... ... ... 2 This was a road race, starting from the gate of the grounds and finishing at the same place after going up the Fclmnga road and taking a circuitous route through a part of of Hahndorf. There were aix starters, five of whom did the distance, the time taken by the 1 first man being 14fc minutes, the second man being about three minutes behind and the third men (W. Bell) about the same lime behind the second. In rounding one par- ; ticularly sandy corner fire of the competitors got off suddenly and unintentionally. ItO-AS-YOU-PLEASE. Quarter of an hour. First, £l; second, 7s. fid. Pneeb, F ... ... 1 Wylio, W. F ... 2 There was only one other starter, Gh Thompson, who decided to retire out of the heat and glare of the eun after lie had sprinted for five minutes. Tbe other two jogged along as comfortably us possible under the trying circumstances, Pacgh beating Wylio by one lap, ten of which round the ground were dona by' him, but on the whole the exhibition was rathor tamo. TOSSING THE CABBB. First, 5e.; second, 2s. 6d. Kramm, W. ... ... ... 1 Oust, A. ... ... ... ... 2 This brought out the large number of 18 competitors, 1G of whom did not manage to throw as far as Kramm and Oust, although among their number were several who claim direct Sootch descent. Kramm's distance was about 7£yds. HANDICAP HIGH JUMP. First, 10s.; second, 5e. Thompson, C. (scr.), 6ft. 3in. ... 1 Bock, G. (lie.), Sft. lin. ,.. 2 Fire competitors—D. Craig (Sin.) and T. Ey (2ir..) retiring at 4ft. 9in. and Halliday (sor.) ot 4ft. Ilia. Both tha winners jumped very neatly. XADIES' BACK, 100yds. First, 7s. 6d.; second, 2s. 6d. Miss Crago ... 1 Miss Minnie Ey ... ... ... 2 Sis of the fair sex showed that a women can run, even when hampered with skirts, and, with the exception of one who lost interest early, made a close finish. WINDING COTTON, First, 6s.| second, 2s. Gd. Mrs. Pfennig ... ... ... 1 Miss Koch 2 Five ladies made their wrists sore over this event, but ail proved adepts in the art, and those who did not secure prizes had no reason to be ashamed of their prowess. BEHEADING THE GOOSE. J. McFarlane and K. Bray. Each of tha above managed to secure a bird, which was the prize. T'nis event caused a lot of fuu. The gooso was suspended—its animation also having been previously sus pended—head downward allaohed to the limb of a tree. The compel it or was blind folded, turned round several times, and started oil on his mission armed with a deadly-looking sword, while spectators who thought they had secured places of compara tive safely fled before him in all directions, doubtless with the fear that he might behead fclio wrong goose. On arriving at where ha felt sure the object of his search was he mado a tremendous swipe at nothingness, and on uncovering his eyes he smiled a sickly smile as he saw the other goose dangliug tanta lizingly several yards away in quite another direction. HOBSB-JUilPING. For horses that havo never won a contest. Mr. D. Craig ... ... ... 1 Mr. O'Malley ) „ Mr. Daniels / " " There is nothing an Australian loves so much as to see a horse jumping the stiokB, or being on the back of one that is doing it. Ten had a try on Tuesday, and some good leaping was the result, two only having to retire after the first trial. The number was thinned down to three after the seaond trial, and in the third Mr. Craig's Gayhay, ridden by Mr- R- Mo&enzie;, assured first place. The jumping for the second prize was so, even that the judge could not deeido after several trials and found a way out of the difficulty by supplementing the prize-list with an ad ditional award equal to the second. JUVENILE EVENTS, Roys' Race, under 18, 100 yards, handicap —R. McKcllur, 1 | A. Doepke, 2. Five yoaagsters made a good race, getting away well together. Boys" Race, under 9 years, 50 yards.—W. Obekett, 1 ; G. Eaelirmann, 2. Boys' Obstacle Race.—Fred, Wilson, 1; In Muldopn, Q. Girl's Race, under 14.—Emily Wilson, I j Amanda Eueeh, 2. In addition to the foregoing there were skipping contests for the girls. At dusk qn imposing torchlight procession paraded tlio main street, the arrangements being i^ell eqtri»d out by Messrs. 0. Eodent, m. Matlfeldt, and A- Wilson. At the conclusion on adjournment was made to the institute, where a crowded audience witnessed the aoneort, each pert of which was tunefully introduced by a selection from fisgo's String Band. Miss Campbell and Miss porrell played the accompaniments, the forrper also contributing q well- executed pianoforte ealo. Hfr. Jf. (J. E^enqett woe very successful in bis two songs, and Herr Witlig establislied himsolf a favorite, having to re appear in eaoli instance. In addition the eamo compliment wsb paid to him and Mr. Killitn in a duct, while the latter gave " The Blue Alsatian Mountains," Miss Cainp was l)eard to advantage jq '' Island of ijreame " and "Summer Showors," Mr.' E] H. Sonne man had to come on again after singing " They are Coming on Again " and had to repeat the prescription of " The Doer Kind Doctor," and Mr. T. Ey bad to giro soma mora " Alabama Coon." Herr Oqrl Sol',ulta pleased the audience with his recitation, and " Stephen " mystified them with lqs conjuring. At the conclusion of (lie conoert a supper was held and was followed by a ball, which wqs hept up till dawn, t%T. «J. l^qbrlnclt inado an cfi\cient M'G' 