LOCAL GOVERNMENT. TINGALPA DIVISIONAL BOARD. Tho ordinary monthly meeting or tne Tingalpa Divisional Board was held in the Board's Hall, Mount Cotton, on Thursday afternoon. There were present-Messrs. E. Heinemann (chairman), H. H. Heine- mann, R. Grieve, J. Haack, F. Miller, M. Bloomer, and W. Castles. Amongst the correspondence read was a | letter from D. W. Colburn, claiming £5, *aluo of a horse which became entangled I in a lantana thicket on a road at Victoria j Point, and died therein. He also claimed £7 10s. Cd. for forty-throe rods of fencing fronting road destroyed by bushfire, owing j to lantana ovurgrowlng fence, so that he j could not get to it to put out the Aro or [ renew fence. Mr. H. Heinemann said the board was not liable for the loss of the horse or damage to the fence. Mr. Castles ] pointed out that it was the duty of Colburn to keep his fence clear of grass, lantana, «Sic, 3ft. on e'ich side. Mr. Colburn, who was present, said it was the duty of the board to keep the roads clear of lantana, as they liad a by-law compelling ratepayers I to clear it oft their land. This road had ' been once cleared by the board. After some discussion, the matter of clearing the road was referred to members for No. 2 Subdivi- | sion, with power to act. Mr. Ferguson i wrote, calling attention to bad state of j Capalaba School road. The Chairman said this would be attended to early in the new j year. Vouchers from tho Beenleigh Board for I proportion of repairs to and maintenance of J Loganholme Ferry plant, £0 0s. 10d., and from Waterford Board for quarter-cost of I repairs to Waterford Bridge, after deduct- ing Government subsidy, left over from 'Fast ¡ meeting, were considered. It was unani- mously decided to pay the former, but with rofereuce to the latter, Mr. Castles pro- tested against the amount being charged to No. 3 Subdivision, as it was a matter the jvhole division was equally interested in. He moved that the voucher bo paid from the funds of the whole division. There was no seconder, and Mr. II. Heinemann moved, and Mr. Haack seconded, that the amount bp paid and charged to No. 3 Subdivision (as m pieviou'j cases in connection with re- pairs to Waterford Bridge of recent years). This was carried, Mr. Castles dissenting, and stating that he and the ratepayers in No. 3 woultl lay the matter before the Home Secretary for his decision. The Chairman announced that the retir- ing members wero Mr. H. II. Heinemann, for No. 1 ; Mr. M. Bloomer, for No. 2 ; and Mr. F. W. Peek, for No. 3 Subdivision. Mr. Hurwood (the clerk) was appointed returning officer in connection with the an- nual elections. The lender of F. Tucker for forming ! Day's-road, at 8s. Cd. per chain, and £2 for \ a culvert, and the offer of Jno. Burke for gravelling road past M. Bloomer's shop to Redland Bay Post Office, at ISs. Gd. per chain, were accepted. Germany knows all about the"end of the world. The 3erlin correspondent of the j London " Times" telegraphs :-" English- men will be relieved to learn, on the au- thority of the Berlin Royal Observatory, that the world will not come to an end in 1SÛ9. This important announcement ap- pears In the ' Imperial Gazette,' nu official publication usually reserved for the pro- mulgation of laws, edicts, and other equ- ally frivolous documents. That Astrono-1 mers Royal should devote themselves to the humble, though eminently meritorious, task of stilling old wives' fears denotes a happy state of things attainable only under j a paternal Government." CADBURT'S COCOA. "The typical cocoa of English manu- facture. - Absolutely pure." - "Tho Analyst."-(Advt.) 