F^R more difficulty is.likely to be en-, countered in . the disbursement of the bushrfires fund than there was in.its. collection. Scarcely was the appeal made on behalf of the Gippsl&nd.; sufferers than, the money flowed in by hundreds* and; thousands, and with a rapidity never, exceeded in the colony's generosity. Before the movement was fortnight,old, however,jealousy with, its eve* bristling: ca?est< invadedi fche arena; Strained 1 relations appear to have sprung up between the Mayor and the " Argus " ; and the latter, eased down, in its enthusiasm, doing no inconsiderable injury to the cause by an indiscreet announcement that sufficient, funds.had been, gathered to satisfy all! pressing dèmands. At first we. were disposed to think that the "Argus'" self-love and wounded vanity was at the bottom of the strained" relations. While thinking so still; to a modified extent, the latest action of the Mayor of Melbourne does.: not emphasize his conduct for wisdom or discretion, The Mayor of Melbourne is a. young mau,, anearaest man, a. fussy man, and above all an ambitious man. His idiosyncracies are many, his opportunities small, his experience more limited still. He hungers, for a seat in. the. Upper, House ; he attempts, to rule the City Council with a rod : of iron ; and he seeks to acquire popularity per saltum, ap4 on a more extensive scale than the ohiefi magistracy of such a great city as Melbourne bestows. In. pursuit of his ambition Mr McEacharn is likely to come to grief, and that with all the precipitancy of an. exploded rocket. Inflamed with the energy of youth,.a. love of adventure, and a. burning zeal to familiarize himself with Gippsland; suffering, he made an ex-, cursion into the devastated country,, and returned to Melbourne deeply impressed, with the misery he. had. seen, and.fu].! to repletion., with a scheme of his own marvellous creation for the distribution of the funds amongst; the sufferers. In speaking of the fund entrusted to his custodianship, he speaks thus :—" In no cases will the fund be used as a gift except in urgent cases where food and clothing are necessary !" This is a wholly unauthorised- statement, and an assumption of authority, which conduces to take away the breath of nine-tenths of the subscribers. When the appeal was made to the public, the response was unprecedented in its promptitude, entirely owing to the existence of a universal desire that immediate aid should be tendered to the sufferers in the first hour of affliction, when the terrible deprivation to which they became victims \yas fresh upon them, in this speedy amelioration of suffering lies the whole essence of public or. private benevolence. And yet up to the moment we write not a solitary sixpence has been disbursed from the : Mayor of Melbourne's fund to the destitute and ho mel,ess of Gippsland'. . He gives twice who gives promptly. ! What do we find, however? The Mayor proposing to turn the fund into, a species of Credit Foncier institution, by which-, a. sort of, mortgage would.bq. held over the burnt logs and fenceless paddocks of the victims, insuring a- repayment ot every penny within the next three years to the Relief Committee, presided ov$r. by ijfcis modern, •philanthropist of unique invention. When the people responded so generously to the pathetic appeal on behalf of the sufferers, did one subscriber out of every thousand give his. contribution- on- the supposition that it was to be loaned to the unfortunate settlers instead of being made a free gift? Did one solitary subscribe»' entertain, for. a. moment a.tr&iisistory; suspicion, that his offering would help to .manufacture a miil-stone of granite by which, the life w-oukl be effectually crushed out of the hapless victim of his purposed bounty ? Lending this mpney, contributed for the specific purpose of aiding promptlj' tliç sufferers, lending it for three years and calling the transaction charity is a misappropriation of funds surpassing all experience. The intentions of the donors .needed.np interpreter ; ani the. gratuitous services of the-Mayor of Melbourne in this connection showed a meagre knowledge of the functions of interpreter, as regarded the intenirions and..desires of the. warm-hearted contributors.. At;present the settlers are homeless and destitute, while the Mayor's Committee are preparing elaborate schemes to assist the unfortunate victims upon a modification of that principle known as the Credit Foncier system. Thus it is whenever experimentalists, take the place of experienced operators. Thus it was that Borne burned while Nero fiddled. OVER a. month ago- our - Melbourne correspondent,. "Tobias," hinted the possible downfall of the Ministry at no distant date, and hinted.; too» that the rock.on. which* their bark would come to grief would be that of finance. He was evidently well informed, or else he gauged, the trend of public opinion with remarkable accuracy. If the Government went- in for borrowing •they, would,come to .grief at: the hajidsof those who supported them in their rigid policy of retrenchment for many years ; and if the Government committed themselves to. a. policy, of economy, the new party riáiág up ,ia. the House, who are in favour of borrowing. liberally, would send them to Coventry on the first occasion. Here were the two stools between which Sir George. Turner, was. placed. He .has elected the stool presented by the latter, and takes his seat thereon accordingly. Sir George Turner has adopted; " constructive policy.," and as a constructive policy means money, .and money spells borrowing in the present asthmatic condition of the public finances, Sir. George Turner must needs borrow ifthe would^ive effect to the new policy which Mr Best outlined;at the. Mayor's quarterly luncheon on Wednesday. '< We have gone in largely for retrenchment," said the Minister of Customs, " but now is the time for a step in the other direction." There can be no ambiguity about the meaning of such words as these. If any such existed they were dispelled when Mr Best, added that.their t( constructive policy" would involve important: public w : o?fc? In endorsing the statement of the erstwhile Acting-premier the Minister of Railways spoke of the proposed works as "reproductive." We have too often heard the hackneyed phrase of old to give the statement a moment's serious consideration, Reproductive works for many years in this country have been an uukuown quantity, existing only in the fertile and extravagant resources of imagination. Whatever the fate of the Ministry may be ite connection with their progressive and constructive policy of" t&e; future, there can be no doubt whatever that they have adopted the w isest and most popular policy on. this occasion. The country has languished, is- languishing, and will continue to. languish under the baneful influence of retrench- ment and.economy, and it i.s. well that • Sir George. Turner has* awaked to his obliviousness of a patriot's first duty» and has resolved upon, the only antidote to our present malady that a. statesman would ha.v.e applied, nearly, haU-ardozçn. years ago. After proving to the world the solvenpy of our colony, and the desire we had to •face ou& responsibility without shirking it, there was no reason why the Tu?ner Government should have carried their fatuity into the realm of heroics. They may have a struggle for a prolonged existence in prospective still, but their chance of a renewed lease of political! pcsç.er is. vastly improved by Mr Best's utterance on Wednesday last. 