BUSH-FIRES IN N.S.W. IBosBeA, Monday.-The bush - fires which have boon raging north of Orbot attackoed Emmett's paddocke and threatened the house (a large weathberboard building). Messers. Drew, Boell, Summere, and Foulkes, after doing dosyernte work for several hours. succeeded in beating ?.f the flames and Eaved tbo building. The racecourse paddock, leased by Mr. Jonas, was ablaze, as also was the homestead paddock. Large numbers of people turned out nud assisted in holding tho fire in cheelk. The whole of the Nowmoerlla Run, leased by Mr. James Nixon, was burned out, the fire raging very fiercely there. The houses of Messrs. Morris and Joiner were saved only after great diflionlty. A good deal of Mr. Morris's fence was burnt. A large quantity of fencing and grass on the farms of Messrs. Muudy, Ruse sell, and Hogen has been destroyed. It is almost iiupossible to estimastr the amount of damage douo. Tba fire raged very fiercely in places along the Brodribb-road, from Fat Cow Creek to Orbost, and all the bush northwards was in a blare. Several miles of fencing, belonging to Messrs. Granter, Rose, Irvinue, and Perry, and an immense aoreage of grass was de stroyed. A considerable quautity of timber has fallen along tbo new road from Orbost to the Brodribb River. This road was nearing completion, but it is now impnasscble. The Orboat coach on Wednesday cams tlhroughl a line of fire from Cuuniughiame. For a cousiderablo distnuco tho heat was intense and the smoke nearly blind. ing. One of the loading horses bo eamne almost unluanageable at times; but the coach luckily arrived without any mishap. Fears are entertained that some of the buildings at Club Terraco have been butut down, as the fire has been dangerously near the township all the week. At Conniung hbans Laughtou's hotel had a very unrrow escape, the fire reaching to tbo .(garden which surrounds the house, One selector lost his honeo and all his belongings and only just escaped with his life. Ge'Nt...u, Monday.-The weather is much cooler, bnt rain is us far off as over. Some serious bush.fires hsve been ragiug in the district, and hundrede of bags of wheat have been burnt, all of which was of prime -oualily. 