Among the Yearlings. TOCAL. By Milboy. There are few prettier spots in the famous Hunter River district than Tocal, which is just now dressed in its best, having been blessed with a bountiful ' season. The crop of foals this year is one of the largest in the 50 years' history of the famous stud farm, and a more promising and even lot, especially those by Medallion, would be hard to find. Owing to a succession of droughts, bushfires, and floods previous to the season of 1S95, Mr. Frank Reynolds did not use many of his mares during that season, and only bred from those that were strong and hearty. Consequently, in point of number, his crop of yearlings is not equal to the drafts of pre vious years. However, what they lack in quantity they make up in quality, as a more even and aris tocratic dozen have seldom been reared on the banks of the Paterson than those that are down on the Tocal catalogue for sale next month. One of these yearliugs is by the Musket horse, Scots Grey, a representative of Sappho, but the other 11 are by the -Tocal sireB Goldsbrough, Sweet William, and Splendor. Before discussing these yearlings the stallions are worthy of remark. Up to the end of the past racing eexeon grand old Goids brough had sired, no less than 266 winners of 516 races, which are vslued at £70,475. Apart from this long list of winners he has sired the dams of Abercorn, Trenton, Warpaint, Zaliuski, Niagara, Havoc, Cuirassier, Wallacp, Althotas, Straightfire, 'Wild Rose, Churchill, Newmaster, The Chevalier, Kilt, Bundook, and very many others. During the nine years of his stud life ending last July Splendor has sired 139 winners of 264 races, which are valued at £31, 788. Among his long list of winners are the names of Jeweller, Splendide, Candour, Candid, Kallatina, Tiwoona, Albicore, Newcastle, King Olaf, and Uabba, Splendor is English bred, by Speculum from «33athilde, by Stockwell. In eight seasons (in England), from 1876 to 1883, Spe culum sired 172 winners, who between them won 366 races, worth £91,353. Splendor's dam was a most prolific brood mare, as only once in 10 years was she unrepresented at the yearling sales. The nine yearlings out of her averaged over 500 guineas, so it is evident that her blood was popular with buyers and profitable to her owners. Sweet William is one of the few Yattendon stallions left. He is the sire of Essex, Theopbilus, Black Diamond, Elymas, Plain BUI, Luna, Dodo, Elton, and other winners. The first yearling I saw at Tocal was a rare good legged grey, by Scots Grey out of Storm, by Golds brough from Sea Breeze, by the Barb from Mermaid, by Fisherman. Trenton, it will be remembered, has Musket (sire of Scots Grey) on Goldsbrough'and the Bub, and Wallace (grandson of Musket) is out of a fall sister in blood to the dam of the Scots Grey year ling under notice, who, by the way, has three crosses of Fisherman in him, and looks a galloper all over. The next youngster led out was a doubtfully bred Bon of Splendor or Goldsbrough and Narina, by Grand Flaneur. His dam was delivered of him a day or two before Goldsbrough's time, and about three (reeks after Splendor's time. No matter what he is by, the colt is a real little beauty, truly built, and as slippery as^an eel. He is a bay, with a pecu liar dark stain beginning under the saddle on the side and ending at the breast. The next on the list was a half-brother (by Sweet William) toMelos. He ia a lovely rich brown,with three white feet. He stands over .plenty of ground on four perfect legs, and it is quite a relief in these days of straight, proppy pasterns, to look at those of the son of Melody. He is without doubt the best looking Sweet William yearling I have seen. His dam belongs to the Melesina*(3) tribe, and iu the third remove of his table appear Sir Hercules (3) twice, and Stockwell (3)rwith Fisherman for the outcross. A bay colt by G-oldsbvough from Equation (1) favours his grand old sire very much, especially behind. He is as active as a flea, and his neck and middle piece are in keeping with his banging quar ters, while he etands truly. Barring Algeria, Mr. Reynolds tells me Equation is the only mare belong ing to the No. 1 family that Goldsbrough has ever got, and the result of his union with the former was Algerian, a grea.t weight-carrier and smashing good racehorse. A bright, silky bay colt by Sweet Wil liam (3) out of Eecuerdo, by the Drummer (I) from Jeweller's dam, Souven;rv'2), by Kelpie (1), is a quiet, independent fellow, who shows a deal of the charac ter of the stock cf his maternal graEdare, The Drummer, and whoever gets him will stand a rare chance of owning a racehorse. The wonderful results of the 3 on 2 hare been pointed out in these pages more than once. This colt is by a 3 out of a 2, and the four sires in the third quartering are Sir Hercules (3), Stockwell (3), Rataplan (3), and Kelpie (1). Rataplan a^ain appears in the fifth remove as the sire of Bigolboche. This is the pedi gree of a Derby wiener, if ever there was one. If this colt gets into the hands of a patient man there is evary prospect of him giving Sweet William the chance ha deserves, because he is unlikely to begin early, but would probably be a champion if allowed to mature. Seven of the 12 Tocal vearlings are fillieB, and five of these would do credit to any stud in the world. The pick of the best three is hard to fix upon. Perhaps a loDg, raking whole brown, with a head of surpassing beauty, by Splendor from Mingera, would poll the most votes, yet a chestnut sister to In fluenza will fiud many friends, as her high coupling, drooping quarters, and good ehouldei'3 are sugges tive of an early beginner : and, apart from her gal ? loping points, she is by Goldsbrough out of a Splen dor mare, and the family to which she belongs — Mirror (5) by Sir Hercules (2)— has turned out some cliDking brood mares. A bav filly by Splendor or Sweet William from Heather Bell (7) looks like going fast, and is well and powerfully built. She descends from Mountain Flower, the ancestress of Honda.. Fitzroy, Waterloo, Vulcan, Wheatmeat, and Perthshire— the latter was one of the crack Englieh two-year- olds last season. A very black filly by Goldsbrough from the Splendor mare, Agra (o), is as sharp as a needle and as active as a kitten. If she cannot gallop, which is indeed im probable, her double cross of Fisherman will be valuable in the brood mare. She, like the other fillies — and the colts, too, for that matter -is in what I call splendid trim. The season having been a boun tiful one for grass, they have not been coddled or forced, but have had plenty of liberty in the rich Duninald paddock?, consequently they will come to the trainers' hands with more muscle than blubber. HAVILAH. Yearling fanciers will have an opportunity of dipping to the blood of Craubrook at the sales, as Mr. H. C. White is sending down two colts by the famous son of Chester, and with them will come a colt by Antajus. The pick of the Cranbrook pair may be a chestnut by Tiwoona. He is i splendid fellow without a blemish. His dam is a full sister to Jeweller, by Splendor (23;— son of Speculum (1)— from Souvenir (2) by Kelpie, (i). Tiwoona, who was a good but unlucky racehorse, has filled out into a magnificent brood mare. She is a splendid mother, and Mr. White sets such store on her that he is breeding her to English time to Lochiel. The other Cranbrook colt is out of Clare (2), by Richmond (3) — son of Maribymong (3) — from Lady Wilton, by Countryman (£)— son of Stockwell (3)— trom Instep, by Lord Clifden (2) from Sandal, by Stockwell (3). Cranbrcok (13) is by Chester (8) — a grandson of both Sir Hercules (3) and Stock well (3)— from La Princesse, by Cathedral (8) from Princess of Wales, by Stockwell (3) ; consequently the yearling colt under notice cannot complain of a lack of famous names in the first few removes of his wonderful pedigree. He is a big-/bone3, well grown brown bay with good quarters and middle piece, and his head bears the imprint of honesty and courage. The Antams colt is out of Legardo (15), by Vespasian (19) from Legacy (sister to Le Grand}, by Epigram (18) from Legend, by Cathedral (8). This fellow has the pitch of a flyer over a short course, is smart, active, and free from lumber. NEOTSFIELD. The magnificent Neotsfield estate feeds one of the most .valuable and compact little studs in the world, as the winnings of the home-bred ones prove, and an Indian buyer tells me that the Neotefield remount is accounted in the very first-class by the army authorities in the land of rice. At Neotsfield they have by one cross of a stout English trotting cob, and many crosses of the thoroughbred, formed a type of horse that must be very dear to the heart of the military heavy-weight who desires to be as well corned as his light-weight brother in aims. These Neotsfield remounts are indeed very fine, sound horses, thanks to years of judicious culling and crossing. The fact that trufy-Bhaped, sound fillies never leave the stud helps the breed wonderfully. When I was at Neotsfield last week I spent quite a while among a large mob of these fine useful mares and their Gibraltar and Oxide foals, and, bythe way, the stockhorse used Cor the occasion to round them up was no other than the redoubtable Posi tan -, who has only been at Nectsfield a few weeks, yet be is the quietest and most docile horse on the estate. He is in charge of H. Wyndard, who rides him daily among the stock, and a better or steadier hack than the son of St. Simon could not be desired. Of course he tried to coerce his attendant when he went, up there, but Mr. B. H. Da ngar quickly showed him the error of his ways, and the horse being naturally a decent-tempered animal soon dropped the tricks he had acquired on board ship and in the training stable, and fell into line like an orderly old stcckhcrse. Mr. Dangar is sending up three fillies and a colt t». the yearling sales. They are all by that courageous racehorse and stayer, Gibraltar. The blood of any of the fillies will be valuable when their racing days are over, as each comes from most suc cessful families. A bay square-quartered sprightly filly out of the imported mare Bangle (dam of Patriot) is a very taking little lady full of that health and vigour that is so desirable in a brood mare. She has a wonderful crested neck and a rare middle piece. Coming as she does from Hermit's dam will be a recommendation, as iu this country we have such descendants of Seclusion as Russlev, Too Soon, Mahaki, Stepniak, Bobadil, The Wild Oat, Fry, Lady Norah, Miss Nora, Johansen, and others. This filly is bred on most powerful lines, as she has no less than seven crosses of Birdcatcher in her, four of them through Stockwell and one through Rata plan. She has also five crosses of Touchstone and two of Touchstone's sister Pasquinade. Thus 14 of her lines go to Whalebone, seven by the Sir Her cnles route and seven by the Camel route. A dark chestnut sister to Surge has plenty of liberty, and is a great improvement on that colt at the same age. Though she has Gibraltar's honest old head she dis plays much of that loose liberty for which her first cousins Pilot Boy and Cabin Boy are famous. Mar cella'e brown filly is my pick of the trio, as she is full of bioodlike quality, and has perfect shoulders and middle piece. She, like the quartet, is a splendid walker, which is always a good point in a horse young or old. The colt, who is out of Venetia (2), is a fine big black, plentifully ticked with grey hairs. He also has a splendid pair of shoulders, a good muscular neck, and he stands well over a lot of ground. This colt is related on the dam's side to Hawfinch, the present favourite for the English Derby and Two Thousand Guineas, and on numbers or any other system he is a rare bred one. TILLIMBT. Mr. 'A. W. Nivisou's stud at Tillimby, on the Paterson River, is rather limited, yet he has reared among other winners such good ones as Gresford, Dumb Boy, and Albicore. He contributes a colt and a fillv to the coming yearling sales, and it is safe to predict that very few, if any, yearlings to be paraded at Randwick or Payten's will come up to Mr. Nivison's coit, who is a rich chestnut by Splen dor from Gresford's sister, Lady Gresford (3), by The Drummer {D— son of Ratajvan (3)— from La Muette, by Fireworks (10)-son of Kelpie (1)— from Fenella, a full sister to the once mighty Maribyrnone. The yearling descendant of Rose de Florence is~ a well- grown bold fellow who stands properly and walks well. His fine arched neck is a tower of strength and well set in to a pretty pair of shoulders. The other Tillimby yearling is a coal black filly by Sweet William (son of Yatten don) from Danger, by Monmouth (son of Yattendon) from Cherry's dam, Peril (imp.) (11), by Adven turer (12;. Of course, aB shown, the filly is very iubred to Yattendon, who was by Sir Hercules (3), but she is also inbred to Stockwell (3), who sired the dams of tiwtet William and Monmouth. 5 ' Yattendon (171 by ?? „ (3) Sir Heroulee (3) j-- Sweet William Lady Hooton toy g Stockwell (3) ? ? .5 _ Yattendon (17) by '2 «? Dan-of , Sir Hercules (3) g Monmouth (8) Ludy Chester by -( ? Stockwell (3) The small tabulated pedigree of the filly under notice shows the inbreeding at a glauce. The shape of the youngster is all right. She is well built and strong, so that students of breeding -who aie in clined to experiment will have a first-class cbance with this filly. While at Tillimby I saw Lord Gres ford running about as happy as a mudlark. He has served a few mares, but he returns shortly to Keys at Waverley to be trained again. MISCELLANEOUS LOTS. There are se Feral small lots on Mr. Clibboru's catalogue, and their pedigrees are worth perusal to the horse lover. Mr. James Readford, of Hford, sends in a Lochiel gelding from Redemption, who has a rare old VYestern pedigree. She is by Kings brough from Hussy, by Yattendon, running back therefore to the Barb's ancestress, Cutty Sark, by Soothsayer. Apart from this Redemption has a double cross of Australian Sir Hercules. The best known members of her family are The Barb, Bar barian, Barbelle, Strathrnore, and Holbrook. An opportunity will be offered of criticising a son ot Correze when Mr. W. H. Dean's colt by that horse out of Legio comes into Mr. Clibborn's ring. Legio is by Trenton out of a sister to Le Grand. Mr. Richard Rouse, jun., of Biriganbil, forwards a bay half-brother to Survivor, by Clan Stuart, who is by the same horse as Survivor's sire. Another Cor reze will be offered by Mr. E. M'Quade, ot Windsor. This is a gelding out of Juanita (3), by Somnus (5) from Cremorne, by Yattendon. Cre morne waB the clam of Napper Tandy and Robert the Devil, two clinking racehorses. The latter is the sire of many good jumpers, notably Ebor. A bay colt by Goldsbrough (13) from Swift (5), by Grand Flaneur (14) from'Bauksia, by Wild Oats (14) from imported Steppe, will be submitted on behalf of Mr. J. R, Hardie, of Riverstone, and Mr. A. O. Po wax; of Seven Hills, sends in a gelding by Correze ? from Letty Lind, by the Kingsbrough horse, Derby, from Coquette, by The Fop, a son of Sir HerculeB. 