THE BENDIGfO ADVERTISER . (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS AND OUR RESCOURSES. BENDIGO, SATURDAY, DEC. 31, 1898. THE YEAR 1898. FOREMOST amongst the events of the year drawing to a close was the war between the United States of America and Spain. The Americans would probably have come to the assistance of the oppressed Cubans in any case, but the explosion which destroyed the Maine warship in Havana Harbor and killed several hundreds of American marines hastened hostilities. The defeat of Spain was a foregone conclusion, but nobody ex- pected that the Spanish fleets at Manila and Santiago de Cuba would be destroyed at so little loss to the Americans. The naval power of Spain was so thoroughly crippled by these decisive defeats that the brave re- sistance of her land forces at Cuba was of no avail, and ultimately Spain sued for peace. The war has resulted in the loss of the last vestiges of her over-sea possessions, and the once great colonial empire is no more. The Americans seem likely to have some trouble, however, before they bring the inhabitants of Philippines into subjection. The war has given an imperial character to the United States as a nation by reason of the addition of the Philippines to her posses- sions, and one very satisfactory result is the very cordial friendship which has grown up between the States and Great Britain. The idea of an alliance between the English- speaking races has grown as a result of this good feeling, but whether an alliance be actually actually (sic) accomplished or not, there appears to be every prospect of the two nations working hand in hand in all enterprises prompted by a desire to effect the spread of civilisation. In regard to the Far East question and trade in China, Great Britain and the United States have interests in common, and are sufficiently powerful to obtain terms advan- tageous to both. This will probably be one of the great questions of the near future, and as there is a prospect of Japan joining with Great Britain and the United States, the outlook is eminently satisfactory. The magniticent victories achieved by Lord Kitchener and the Anglo-Egyptian forces have not only restored the Soudan to Egypt, and avenged the death of General Gordon, but, to quote an American journal, they have "made a race of men out of a community of serfs and chattels, raised an oppressed broken spirited, abject lot of beggars from helpless degradation to a con- dition of dignify and independence, re- stored manhood, pride, courage and ambition to a people maltreated so long that those qualities seemed hopelessly extinct in them; a grander work than taking cities and destroy- ing the enemies of the Queen." The con- quest effected by Lord Kitchener brought Great Britain into diplomatic conflict with France, but the untenable claim to Fashoda was too ridiculous for the French to persist long in maintaining it, especially as the British Government acted with refreshing firmness and determination. A brilliant future appears to be before Great Britain in Africa, and the idea of a great highway from the Cape to Cairo which has been the dream of Mr. Cecil Rhodes has been rendered practicable, while the possi- bilities of development in Egypt by a judicious use of the waters of the Nile appear to be almost, infinite. In France matters have been at sixes and sevens, and the country appears to be on the verge of a revolution, in which the military are likely to play no unimportant part. There is a possibility that justice will at last be done to the unfortunate prisoner, of Devil's Island, Dreyfus, whose innocence of selling military secrets to a foreign power is fully expected to be declared before Iong. In Australia the great question of federa- tion has motopolised attention. On the 3rd and 4th of June Victoria, South Aus- tralia and Tasmania declared emphatically in favor of the Federal Bill drawn up by the Convention; but in New South Wales, although the supporters of the bill were in a majority, it failed to obtain the statutory number of votes, namely 80,000. At the elections held subsequently the Reid Go- vernment obtained a narrow victory over the party led by Mr. Barton. Resol- tions have been adopted by the New South Wales Parliament declaring for amendments in the bill, and these are to be considered at a meeting of Premiers which will be held shortly. Steps will after- wards be taken to ascertain the views of the electors in the various provinces. There is a probability of Queensland throwing in her lot with the colonies, and every reason to hope that the year 1899 will see the long looked for, and ardently desired union accomplished. During the year several notable figures in the history of the 19th century ended their days, namely, Mr. W.E. Gladstone, the veteran English statesman, whose remains were interred in Westminter Abbey, Prince Bismarck, the ex-German Chancellor and famous diplomatist, and Sir George Grey, whose career in New Zealand identified him conspicuously with that colony. Australians had also cause to deplore the death of Mr. Byrnes, the Premier of Queensland, at the outset of what promised to be a brilliant career. Several gaps have been created in the ranks of Bendigonians, notably by the deaths of Dr. J.J. Thom, the Rev. W. R. Croxton, Mr. N. Jeffrey, Mr. J, Hasker, M. P.J. Deehan, Mr. J. Glen, Mr. Geo. E. Wells, Mr. Jas. Steward, and several other old identities. Two clergymen whose con- nection with the district was brief — the Rev. G. A. Weller and the Rev. R. Warren — also died during the year. Sorrow entered several homes by reason of a number of deplorable mining accidents, thus emphasising the necessity for greater care and watchfulness on the part of the men employed in so hazardous an occu- pation, and on the part of mining com- panies also, who are responsible for the lives of those in their employment. The year has been prosperous, so far as Bendigo mining is concerned; the gold yield has been larger than has been the case for several years, and the record of dividends highly satisfactory. Though bush- fires and drought have made the lot of many of the settlers in the country hard indeed, a more favourable season this year leads to the hope that the northern districts of the colony will fare better in the immediate future. Before our next issue - the first day of 1899 will have dawned, and we therefore take this oppotunity of wishing our readers one and all, A BRIGHT AND PROPEROUS NEW YEAR. EIGHT PAGES.— Our issue this morning con- sists of eight pages. THE TRAMWAYS.— Pursuant to notice given by him at the previous meeting of the Council, Cr. Hoskins yesterday moved that the request of the British Insulated Wire Company Limited, regarding alterations to the tramway track and the equipment of the line for electric traction be granted. In moving the resolution Cr. Hoskins asked for leave to amend it by the addition of the words "subject to conditions to be mutually agreed upon between the com- panhy and the council." He considered that it would be advantageous to all parties if the two bodies worked together, and it was with that object in view that he now made the addition to his motion. They should try and obtain for the citizens the best service avail- able. Cr. Lazarus suggested that there was a better system than the overhead electric ar- rangement. C. McGowan pointed out that the motion, if carried as amended, would pro- vide for all that. Cr. Lazarus said that he did not wish to block the movement, and so seconded the motion. Cr. Hoskins remarked that the resolution, if carried, would place the council in a position to secure the best system available. The motion, with the addition suggested by Cr. Hoskins, was then carried. THE CYCLING TRACK QUESTION.— This ques- tion was again brought forward at the meeting of the City Council yesterday by Cr. Bailes, who moved that it be referred to the meeting of the committee on Friday next. In moving the motion, Cr, Bailes prefaced his remarks by saying that he was not moving in the matter with the object of pleasing the League of Vic- torian Wheelmen. He had the greatest con- tempt for that body, and he recognised the fact that the Easter Fair and other local gathering would suffer owing to the want of a proper cycling track in the city. He thought it possible for the council to do something towards getting a good track in the Upper Reserve in time for the next Easter Fair sports, hence it was that he had brought the matter forward that afternoon. The mayor remarked that he would not be able to be present at a meeting of the committee obn Friday next, as he had to attend a meeting of the Creswick Mining Disaster Relief Fund in Melbourne. Cr. Bailes observed that here was no time to lose over the matter, but he hoped that it would be taken into consideration at the first meeting of the committee. Cr. Marks then seconded the motion, which was carried. THE WATER SUPPLY.— A communication was read at the council meeting yesterday afternoon from the secretary of the Water Supply department, Melbourne, stating that the matter of proper filtration of water in the Big Hill and Crusoe reservoirs to which the council had recently drawn attention would re- ceive due consideration at an early date. Cr. Marks produced a small phial filled with water, which contained a large a quantity of vege- table matter and germs that councillors ap- peared incredulous when Cr. Marks stated that it had been obtained from the tap at a private residence in Queen-street. The councillor's remark, that although he would not say that they were as dangerous as the germs of the bubonic plague, still they were most dis- agreeable the palate, fairly convulsed his colleagues at the council table, and the mayor felt it incumbent upon him to administer mild rebuke to the "civic fathers " for their levity on such a serious matter. "It is a very serious matter," rejoined Cr. Marks, " and I move that the bottle and its contents be for- warded to the Water Supply department in Melbourne." Councillors then resumed their wonted gravity, and Cr. McGowan seconded the motion, which was carried. POST AND TELEGRAPH OFFICES.— Monday is to be observed, as a public holiday by the Post and Telegraph department. This means that all Post offices wiil be closed to the public at 10 a.m., and that there will be only the first delivery of letters, and that telegraph offices will be closed, except from half past 8 to 10 in the morning and from 6 to 7 in the evening. On Tuesday post and telegraph business will be resumed as usual, but money order business will not be transacted. A MATTER OF PRINCIPLE.— At the meeting of the City Council yesterday, Cr. Marks moved that the resolution passed by the council at its meeting at the 2nd instant grant- ing permission to Mr. Attygalle to sell "soft drinks" at the Municipal Cattle Yards be re- scinded. In moving the motion, Cr. Marks said that the original resolution had been carried by the council without full considera- tion being given to the matter, and he con- sidered that the petition which had since been sent in by the two publicans in the locality protesting against the privilege being granted to Mr. Attygalle was quite justifiable. Cr. McGowan seconded the motion, as he con- sidered that the two publicans who have to pay heavy rates and license fees were entitled to consideration. The mayor reminded councillors that the inspector of the yards had reported that there was no objection to the granting of the application of Mr. Attygalle,who was also a ratepayer. Cr. McGowan : How much does he pay? The mayor : I don't know, Cr. McGowan : Not as many sixpences as the others pay pounds. Cr. Hoskins said that a regular attendant at the yards had told him that the innovation of having soft drinks sold in the yards was greatly appreciated by per- sons having business there. Cr. Bailes sug- gested that the motion should not he altered, but that the hotelkeepers in the neighborhood should be afforded the same privilege. Cr. Marks said that he would stick to his motion, and if councillors liked to reject it they could do so. The mayor denied that the resolution, giving Mr. Attygalle permission to sell drinks in the yards had been carried without full con- sideration, and after further discussion the motion was put to the meeting and lost, only the mover, seconder and Cr. Lazarus voting for it. ATTEMPTED SHOPBREAKING IN MC CRAE- STREET.— At an early hour this morning it was discovered that the shutters at Messrs. Carter, Heine and Co.'s butcher shop in McCrae-street had been removed. Word was at once sent to Mr. A. Heine's private residence in William- son-street. That gentleman, with Constable Killury subsequently made an inspection of the premises. Apparently the thieves had been disturbed in their work, as a quantity of German sausage was found on a ledge near the door handy for removal. This shopkeeper had taken the precaution not to leave any money in the till. THE BENDIGO POTTERY.— The Bendigo Pot- tery has been purchased by Messrs. E. J. Hartley and G.D. Guthrie, and from the 1st of January will be carried on under the name of " The G.D. Guthrie Bendigo Pottery Company (Limited)." The management will be assumed by Mr. Guthrie, whose connection with the pot- tery from its foundation and intimate acquaint- ance with tlie trade leave no doubt that it will be in able hands. The pottery has long been one of the most notable of the numerous industries which have obtained, a footing in Bendigo, and the new firm will start its career to the accom- paniament of the hearty good wishes of all who are interested in the district's welfare. It has been demonstrated frequently that the work which the pottery is capable of turning out will bear comparison with some of the best and most artstic productions of the trade, and there is every reason to believe that the reputation of the pottery will be maintained under the new regime. ALIENATING A CORORATION RESERVE.— A communication was read at the meeting of the City Council yesterday from Mr. W.T. Lansell, complaining that Mr. J. Godfrey had taken up a portion of a council reserve at the rear of his property, and asking the council not to allow Mr. Godfrey to build on the land. Cr. Ryan remarked that it appeared as if the department would register a residence area, whether it was on a reserve or not. He considered that the practice was a wrong one, as it misled people. The department ought not to register any area of land on reserves without first consulting the council. He moved that the town clerk be in- structed to write to the department, asking that the land should not be alienated. Cr. McGowan seconded the motion, as he was averse to any of the reserve being interfered with. Cr. Bailes cautioned councillors against acting hastily in the matter or they might find that they were bringing a hornet's nest about them. The land had been reserved years ago for a gasworks, but it had never been utilised for that purpose, and the council had permitted a number of persons to build on it. There were fully 20 or 30 tenements there, and if the council requested the department to dis- possess Mr. Godfrey, the Crown lands bailiff in common justice would have to compel the other occupants of the reserve to remove their houses. He suggested that the matter should be referred to members for the ward to inquire into to see what arrangements might be come to be- tween the parties interested. Cr. McGowan expressed the opinion that the question was one for the council, and not the members of the ward, to deal with. Eventually Cr. Ryan withdrew his motion, and the matter was re- ferred to a sub-committee consisting of the mayor and one councillor from each ward for the report. THE WATERING OF THE STREETS IN THE ClTY.— The sub-committee appointed to inquire into the question of street watering submitted its report to the City Council at its meeting, yesterday, and recommended that Pall Mall, Mitchell- street and other thoroughfares in the centre of the city should be watered by means of hydrants, and that the water carts should be used in the outlying streets where most re- quired. Cr. Lazarus pointed out that the change suggested was only an experimental one. Cr. Abbot was of the opinion that it would be better to use hydrants in the outlying streets where there was not so much traffic, and the use of the carts in the main streets. The mayor replied that the sub-committee had considered that phase of the question, but found it unworkable as the fire plugs were so far apart. The advisability of giving the principal thoroughfares a good soaking with the hy- drants late on Saturday night had also been con- sidered. Cr. Marks expressed the opinion that the system of flushing the channels on Saturday night had been attended with good results, and the watering of the streets at the same time would no doubt be equally satisfactory. The report was adopted by the council. Subse- quently Cr. Ryan moved the permanent appoint- ment of the sub-comittee with a view to arranging for the proper watering of the out- lying streets. Cr. Hoskins was adverse to the proposal, as he considered it would only mis- lead people into the belief that the streets in which they reside were going to be watered. Until the Coliban scheme is enlarged it would be futile to think of watering a much larger area than was done at present. They were all aware how every year there were complaints made as to the inadequacy of the water supply, and he reckoned that it was more important to keep the mines working than to lay the dust. Crs. Bailes and Abbott supported the motion which was ultimately carried. A CASE OF MISTAKEN IDENTITY.— It is a matter of history that some years ago one of the Parliamentary representatives for the city, who also occupies a seat in the City Council shaved off his hirsute appendages, and on walk- ing up to Parliament House was refused admis- sion by the officials as they faiuled to recognise in the clean shaved individual the junior mem- ber for Sandhurst. That experience has not de- terred him from once more removing the hair off his face. The metamorphosis is so great that even his most intimate friends are puzzled on seeing him for the first time since his visit to the barber, hence it is no wonder that his entry into the council chamber yesterday was the cause of a hearly outburst of laughter. The mayor was checking the ac- counts at the moment, and Mr. cGowan was calling over the names of the persons who had received payment. "Wm. Bradshaw, £18, Barney Ward £4," he called out as he turned over the accounts; "Texas Jack, £5." Just at the moment a footfall was heard at the door, and councillors, instinctively turned their heads in that direction to see who was entering. "Who's that?" inquired Cr. Marks, as the member for Barkly Ward came within the line of his vision as he crossed the threshold of the door. ''Texas Jack," promptly replied Cr. McGowan, who still had his eyes on the ac- counts, and apparently thought that Cr. Marks's inquiry referred to them. It thus happened that Cr. Bailes took his seat amidst a great burst of hilarity. THE CITIZENS' OPEN AIR CONCERTS.— At the meeting of the City Council yesterday Cr. Abbott inquired if anything had been done yet towards arranging for the holding of concerts on Wednesday eveings in the Rosalind Park during the summer months. The council had voted a sum of money for that purpose, and he thought it time that the concerts were started. He suggested that a sub- committee should be appointed to act with the mayor in carrying out the arrangements. The mayor remarked that he had to plead guilty to having neglected to move in the matter yet but it was only right that steps should be taken to give effect to the decision of the council. On the motion of Cr. Abbott a sub-committee consisting of the mayor, Crs. McGowan, Marks and the mover was appointed to make the necessary arrange- ments with the bandsmen. Cr. Hoskins sug- gested that the sub-committee should consider the advisability of having the concert in the afternoon. He considered that it would be much better if the concerts were held in the day-time instead of at night. A lot of people objkected to going into the park after dark. Cr. Bailes: And a lot of people do not object. Cr. McGowan expressed the opinion that the concerts would be much more enjoyable in the evening than on a hot, sunny afternoon. Cr. Hoskins's suggestion did not meet with any support, and was therefore allowed to drop. THE CITY STINKS.— Attention has frequently been drawn in these columns to the necessity for doing something to abate the horrible stenches that are emitted from some of the street channels in the city. This unsavory sub- ject was again brought forward by Cr. Marks at the meeting of the City Council yesterday, when he stated that while on a visit to the metropolis recently he noticed some of the cor- poration employes distributing disinfectants in the street channel. He understood that the work was done regularly every morning and evening, with the result that the stinks were killed thoroughly. The obnoxious effluvium arising from the gutters in this city was proverbial, and he considered that, at any rate during the summer months, something ought to be done to abate the nuisance. He moved that the town clerk be instructed to write to Melbourne asking for information as to the nature of the disinfectant used and the system adopted for distributing it. Cr. Abbott seconded the motion. Mr. Minto, the surveyor, said that he understood the men were using deodorants now. Cr. Ryan remarked that he was aware that the inspector was preparing an elaborate report, on the mat- ter, and intended to ask the council to supply appliances to enable him to cope with the nuis- auce. After further discussion, it was decided to refer the matter to the inspector. THE WEATHER. — The very hot weather which has been experienced for the past week still continues, and yesterday the thermometar (sic) rose higher than on any of the preceding days, registering 100 degrees at 3.30 p.m. at the local observatory, Camp Hill. A slight breeze, which existed during the day, strengthened in the evening, and the night, although still very warm, was rendered more bearable. The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards's,jeweller, were: — Thermometer, 9 a.m. , 83°; 12 a.m., 96°; 3 p.m., 102°. 6 p.m., 100°; maximum, 101°; minimum, 70°; baro- meter, 9 a.m., 29-20; 12 a.m., 29-3 ; 3 p.m. 28-86.; 6 p.m., 28.78. Mr. Baracchi, the Government astronomer, speaking yesterday, said :—" It will be extremely hot generally and more especially inland, where the heat will continue with great severity, but it is not un- likely that southerly winds may in some degree temper the atmosphere on Sunday, and give a slightly cooler spell of one or two days. There are some slight indications that some elec- trical disturbances may develop, but the pro- babilities of such an occurrence are extremely weak. DEATHS AT THE HOSPITAL.— Felix Brennan, aged 74, admitted on the 25th inst., and Peter Kharland, aged 45, admitted on the 22nd inst., died yesterday, the former from pneumonia and the latter from heart failure. A NARROW ESCAPE.— Quite a sensation was caused in Bull-street about 10 o'clock last night, when flames were seen issuing from one of the windows of the Clarendon hotel. On the alarm being raised Mr. Newman, the licensee, rushed upstairs, and discovered that the cur- tains in one of the bedrooms were ablaze. The curtains were torn down, another application of several buckets of water extinguished the flames, which had spread to the ceiling. The amount of damage done was immaterial, but had the fire not been mastered so quickly an extensive conflagration would have occurred, as the building is a pretty old one. The outbreak occurred through one of the lodgers carelessly placing a candle on a table near the window, which was open. The curtains were blown in contact with the flame, and quickly ignited. CITY POLICE COURT.— Messrs. J.G. Edwards and R.B .Anderson, JsP., presided yesterday. Charles Williams, a young man, was charged by Constable Cuffe with having no lawful visible means of support. Sergeant Kilfeder prosecuted B. Tinkler, a resident of Bridge-street, deposed that on the 23rd inst. accused came to his place and tried to push his way into the house. The man was a regular nuisance. Thos. Burnett, licensee of the Gasworks hotel, stated that the accused got through a window at the hotel on the night of the 23rd inst, and slept in a bed- room. In the morning he went into the bar and asked some people to "shout" for him. Witness had to give the accused some beer in order to get rid of him. George Toon stated that he had known accused for about three weeks, during which time he had been hanging about the Chinese Camp at Ironbark. On last Mon- day week accused went into witness's yard and took a pair of shoes from off the doorstep. Accused stated that he had served a sen- tence of seven days for being drunk at Wyche- proof. Since he came out of goal he had done odd jobs for several persons whom he men- tioned. Sergeant Kilfeder applied for a further remand to enable the police to subpœna wit- nesses. Accused said that he had already been in gaol for a week. The bench expressed the opinion that while the accused might have been guilty of the larceny of the boots or of tres- passing in the bedroom of the hotel, the charge of vagrancy had not been proved. The man was accordingly discharged. An inebriate, a female, was fined 6d with 2s 6d costs, and a man was discharged. The latter donated 2s 6d to the poor-box. The court then adjourned. A NEW STYLE OF SANITARY VAN.— The sanitary committee reported to the City Council it its meeting-yesterday that it had inspected a van, designed by Mr. Carr, the sanitary con- tractor, to carry 80 pans, and recommended that one should be obtained as a sample. The sub- committee allso recommended the erection of shelter sheds for the vans at the depot. The re- port was received, Cr. McGowan giving notice of motion for its adoption. A PRIVATE HOSPITAL.— Amongst the corres- pondence read at the meeting of the City Council yesterday was a letter from the Misses L and A. E. Thorn, of Eaglehawk, who sent in an application for the registration of premises in Wattle-street as a private hospital for the treat- ment of surgical, medical and maternity cases. The applicants intimated that cases of infectious diseases would not be admitted. The health officer, Dr. J. M. Eadie, reported that he had no objection, with a number of details which he enclosed should be submitted to the Public Health de- partent for consideration and approval. The report was adopted. MINERS' ASSOCIATION.— A special meeting of this association will be held at the Trades Hall this evening at 7.30 for the consideration of rules to allow of the ballot being taken at the mines. FRATERNAL.— A meeting of the Loyal Ben- digo Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F. was held at the Oddfellows' Hall on Thursday evening, N.G. Barrows presiding. There was a very large muster of the brethen owing to the election of officers for the ensuing six months. V.G. Parker was elected N.G. without opposition, the V.G. chair being filled by E.S. Walter, and Bro. Ward attaining the position of N.G., P.G. Robinson, R,S. to E.S.; R.S. to N.G.; P.G. Tucker; L.S. to V.G., P.G. Runting; L.S. to V.G., P.G. Stafford; Bro. Groves, Wan.; and I.G., P.G. Bastard. The officers responded, and thanked the brethren for their election to the various positions, and harmony was contributed by several of the brethren present, after which an adjournment was made ,and the members were entertained by the newly elected officers at a light repast, when the usual toast of the order was given. DEATH FROM THIRST.— News has just been received from North Queensland of the death from thirst of a former Melbourne resident, Mr. James McGrath, son of Mr. T. McGrath who (says the Argus) was sergeant of police at Kew for something like 30 years, and who now lives in retirement in that suburb. The only account of the death received by the relatives here is contained in a letter to the deceased's sister, from Acting-sergeant Williamson, of the Jundah-police, who writes :— " I regret that it is my duty to inform you of the death of your brother James, which took place Swanvale station, under the following circumstances :— He arrived in Jundah from Swanvale about noon on Monday, the 5th inst., leaving again at 3 p.m. same day. His horse reaching Swan- vale on Thursday, the 8th, without him, a search was made, and his body was found on Bonstock Creek on Monday, the 12th, about eight miles from Swanvale station, by Acting sergeant Williamson and his tracker, Moloora, who had the body buried and a rough fence put around it. There is no doubt but that he got lost in the bush, and perished of thirst." Mr. McGrath had been in Queensland for many years, and was employed on Albilbah station, Isisford. ELECTRIC TRAMWAYS.—Some interesting statements having reference to the relative merits of electric tramways and cable lines are furnished by Sir G. G. Turri, of Queen- street, who quotes (says the "Argus"') por- ions of a detailed report prepared at the in :ance. of the president of the Metropolian Company of New York as follows:—"The company's experience points unmistakably to lie gjeat superiority of electi-ieiiy over both lor.ses and cable, not only in traflic handling ■apaeitv, but in economy." This will come as a airprise to many who have believed that the ■able system, certainly in its own "peculiar ;phere of great traffic density, is the cheapest nid best motive power extant. For the year lie operating expenses of the cable lines were 6.42 cents "per ear mile, of the liorse lines .7.S7 cents, and of the electric lines 10.2;> -'•nis. • V"or'the three months' period, which s more, favorable to electric operation, the able lines cost 17.55 cents, the horse 17.89 i •e.ntn, and .the electric 10.0(3 cents." In this ime the total passenger receipts of the com >:my v.-cre lO.-i2-t.G95 dollars, with operating -xpenses of ':i,33i>,127 dollars-. The article •i'luinues:—"'During the 12 months' period he cable lines operated at 4-7.7 per cent, of heir passenger receipts, the electric lines at S7.9 per cent, the horse lines at ('».>..'3 per cent., md the entire system at 53.3 per cent. During the three months' period the cable lines 'perated at 52.7 per cent, of their passenger •cceipts, the electric lines at 3s.ij per cent., lie horse lines at 62.1 per cent., and the entire system at 50.9 per cent. POLICE CHANGES.— Constable Hourigan, Melbourne, arrived in Bendigo last night for the purpose of filling the vacancy in the local police force caused by the resignation of Con- stable Mallon. Mounted-constable Conlon, who is well known in this city, and has been stationed in Stawell for some time, has been transferred to Kerang. SLAUGHTER OF RABBITS, ETC.— Our Mel- bourne correspondent states that the prox. has been fixed for a general slaughter of rabbits and other pests throughout the colony. KILLED ON THE RAILWAY LINE.— Two fatalities are reported from South Australia . A porter at the Bulhowarah station, named Bert Thomas, when running across the line in front of an incoming train, was struck by the cowcatcher and killed. On Thursday night the body of a young woman was found on the line at Piympton. The remains were terribly mangled, a train having evidently passed over the girl's chest. The deceased was identified as Alice Williams, a girl of 19 who had been working at a hotel at Plympton dur- ing the day. IMPORTANT PROPERTY SALE.— Messrs. Alf E. Wallis and Co. report having sold privately the Highbury Estate at Eddington, comprising 761 acres of high class Loddon land, on account of Mrs. N. Small of Newmarket, to Messrs. Wm. ad Charlies Davies, of Woodstock West, at a satisfactory price. A MONSTER NEW YEAR CAKE.— The Eagle- hawk branch of the Sandhurst Pioneer Co- operative Co. will commence the cutting of its monster cake to-day. The cake weights 300lb. and contains 120 coins.of different values. The decoration of this enormous mass of Christmas good cheer was entrusted to Miss Bolger, and took the whole of yesterday to accomplish. THE FEDERAL QUESTION.— A telegram in the Age states that the Premier of New South Wales (Mr. Reid) intends, in the course of a few days, to take the initiatory steps for the meeting of Premiers to deal with the question of federation, and especially the resolutions on the subject passed by the New South Wales Parliament. Mr. Reid will probably commu- nicate by letter with the Premiers of the other colonies, outlining briefly the procedure which he thinks should be adopted. Necessarily in the circumstances, no hard and fast rules can be laid down, but suggestions will be made as to the best course which Mr. Reid seeks ad- visable to follow. On the point as to whether the coming conference will be a final one, or whether it shall be followed by other action, nothing can at present be said. Much will depend on the manner in which the representations from New South Wales are received, and the representa- tions which other colonies may think fit to make on their own account Mr. Reid has already announced that he will, in submitting the resolutions from New South Wales, give the greater weight to those from the popular Chamber. The position of Queensland is being considered, and as the desire is, generally, that the northern colony should be included among the representatives at the conference, it is likely that when the terms of Mr. Reids's letter are disclosed it will be found that ample pro- vision has been nmade for Queensland to come in. Mr. Reid will probably suggest that the conference be held in Melbourne, after the meeting of the Federal Council, next month. DEATH OF A WELL-KNOWN JOURNALIST.— Mr. James Williams, a well known Melbourne journalist, and latterly editor of the Ballarat Star, died on Thursday night, aged 65 years. The deceased gentleman had suffered for many years from a bronchial affection (sic),and it was this complaint, complicated by other ailments, which led to his death. Mr. Williams was formerly connected with the Irish press, but some 30 years ago he came to Australia. For a great number of years he occupied a position on the literacy staff of the Age. Some years ago he was for a time editor of one of the Stawell newspapers, and was connected also with other provincial journals, but the major part of his time was spent in Melbourne. He was a good all round journalist, and was a very vigorous writer. Mr. Williams leaves a widow, but no family. THE RUTHERGLEN FLY.— A pest which is causing great trouble to orchardists just now is the Rutherglen fly. Mr. C. French, the Govern- ment entonologist, says that it is simply mar- velous how it has spread over the whole of Vic- toria. These minute insects attack soft fruits as they are ripening and by inserting their small beaks, or rostrums, into the fruit, they suck out and absorb the juice causing the fruit to shrivel up and become perfectly useless for either the table or wine-making. Cherries, apricots, peaches and plums are attacted by them, and rendered unuseable, the apricots having both the appearance and texture of leather. Mr. French recommended in his book on the " Destructive Insects of Victoria" the use of benzole and water in equal parts as a means of getting rid of the insects. The mixture must be applied to the trees or vines by means of a spray pump, and must be kept well stirred whilst using. In a couple of days it will be found that the fruit has been quite uninjured either in taste or smell by the application of the benzole. Mr. French has, however, applied the following mixture with success since making the above recommendation:— Two gallons of kerosene, ½lb. of soap, and 11b. of pyrethrum. Boil the pyrethrum aud soap in a small quantity of water, and when boiling take off the fire and add the kerosene. Then churn the mixture violently for 10 minutes to thoroughly mix the kerosene with the soap and' pyrethrum, and afterwards strain well. Add 15 to 20 gallons of water, and spray the plants infested. TREASURE SANDS.— A Spanish galleon with a cargo of 17,000,000 dollars and many bars of gold was wrecked on the beach at Gunwalloe in the Lizard district of Cornwall, more than 20 years ago, and this wealth lies buried under the sands and the rocks where the richly freighted vessel was battered to pieces by the fierce Atlantic waves. Several companies have been formed from time to time with the object of recovering this lost treasure, but as it lies buried on a most exposed part of the coast, and the water even at ebbtide is 6ft. deep at the point where the Spanish ship broke up, these attempts have been unsuccessful. Now there is some talk of making another effort to discover this wealth. There is no doubt of the existence of this great wealth, for dollars are being continually washed up by the tide, one being found only a few days since by an ironfounder of Helston, who still hopes that most of the money may be recovered. 