NEWS AND NOTES. To MINEAND Ot Es. A o y of the Regulations Relating to Mining Leases may be inspected at the CaOr??tcCL Office: This volume contains a.vast amount of informs-, tion useful.to those interh~e in minig.: Owino to the drought and bush-fires the competitive exhibition in aid of St. Luke's ParsoangeBuildiog Pund has been postponed until March 31st, and A'pril lot and 2nd. The time for receiving .entries has .accor dingly been extended to March 26th.'% Tea tender of Messrs. Johnsto and' Sons has -been- approvsd .by t ':Govenoit rin - Council for the supply df ive engines, 't £220 itcli,anid fie-ibtteries at £162 eacli, for testing ,planti established unedni the Mining.Development Act, 189I . Axriss4oe is directed to the alteration of Mr. James Taite's advertisement, a;d to the intimation that Mlr? HawthorneiriTite, ad Pharriacy-en Februnar, 6 n2 28t siucl JUST ARRIVIED.A large assortment of nibs,. J'a; Anchor ; Dawson's School Steel pens-the best procurable, at reason able prices." Lead Pencils: hard, so?ft, aid. middling. A splendid line of" Stephens' Blue Black Writipg rglik, i hi afpinl botitles at is. -tlic best Inki made ialso Grout's Universil and Stephlbn's Blue Blil Copying Ink. Vote paper in any y]ukitity Pictorial Box Stationery at :s. bux; Alelba.: Postal Box Stationery at 6,1. box. Enve lopes in great variety, shapoii an nize, from lidl.per packlet..:, Writing 'paper:: Extra Strong Cream Laid, -Extra Strong Ivory, Finish; and the Favorite, in fire naire packets. Cll and inaspect. Billheads, Memos., Dodgers, Posters, Business :Cards Invitation Cards,aIn Memoriam Cards, aisd all kinds of printing done at the hliortest notice at the YEA CHRo-sIcE Office. THE Klondyke Alluvial Syndicate, Boun.. dary Creek, bottomed an Wednesday evedr Ing last at a depth of aboit 61 feet. In the bottom of the shaft there was a nice body of quartzy wash varying from six inches to eighteen inches in depth, but -the reef was dipping somewhat towards the Whittlesea. road. The wash taken out was cleaned up and is reported- to have returned about 6 dwt. The whole of those connected with the claim appear thoroughly satisfied with the results so far- obtaiped, and operatiohs are being pushed ahead vigorously.. On - Monday a portable engine and pump belong ing to Mr. D. J. Wightman were secured and conveyed to the claim, and on Tuesday all hands were busy.getting the necessary staging, piping, etc., into position. As soon as the pump is got to idork satisfactorily the dip of the reef will be followed to the gutter by moans of a drive, aol a greater depth of wash, carrying agreater quantity of gold is sangoinly anticipated by moast of the Klondykers. - ThE annual rneating of ihe Yea Athlutio Club was held tthe Cledonian inHotel on the 9th inst., brt was only attended by the regular committee, in consequence of which an adjournment wias iade to M'Grath's Hotel on last Touesday evening. This meeting was no better attended, and it was then decided to make -a- further postlpone meat, this time 'to the Shire-hall on Tuesday evening next. The committee feel that they are placed in a peculiar position for they have not any assurance of support sufficient to warrant them arranging a good sports gathering, and at the same time'they do not feel justified in abandoning the annual gathering without an expression of opinion by at least a fair proportion of sub scribers. In the past the club has had an unchequered career and, despite had weat her, every Caledonian gathering has resulted successfully, financially and otherwise. The annual assembly is one of the social events of the year. It is an occasion for the revi val of many an oldracquaintance and for the making of many a new. and it also keeps the town and district' in a manner in the fore-front, The desirability of a good meeting on Tuesday must be apparent to all those who desire to see these meetings per petuated. sad it is also only fair to the com mittee that aiy who'*dd not should. express their opiions.- -There s reason to believe that as meagre'attendanece en. next Tuesday will a?uct in t'e bantýituoontu of the sports, for a time at least. TuH Boundary Creek, within 30 fesof the Klondyke shaft, was tried for golf in a hap-haiard sort of way many year?ago .but it as at that time far from being sc. ently prolific in the golden substan to warrant itsobeing worked. Since thl it has gone neglected and untried, despi ethe rich alluvial deposits of the Flat lead; t'he Klondyke ey dicate; however, hasid n attention to the locality and already lo other clacos have been pegged out, , those of Metear. Wilson and James MI' 'h. It is greatly to be hoped their efforts dill prove succaesful aoithere is a good scepsof cointry in the flat which can be worked at a siaill cost .r-Tai semi.figal for the gents' tennis tar namendt was played on Saturday by Meirs. Weir, owe 30 and JA. - Wild, owe .il4O add proved thle most closely contested mo th of the series. The sets rsoulted :'Weir, 6L4, 4-l, 6-5. Totals:-Weir, 16 games, Wid, 1.5 .This afternoon the final game will i played by Mlessrs.- WVer:c a Tyson, con mencing"t o'clock. The ladies toutia ment will be commenced on Saturday.' the following are the bandicaps and draws or the firstroond :-SIMsi Hamilton, owel v. AiinP Pure , c, r.; nr1iss Wallis, owe 5: v.` Mis Brenonan, scr. MiM Miller owe 15 v. -lrs,-Dobson, owe 15. THrE drought which" has. continued all over the colony for several months past broke lp last week, effectively so far as the eantern districts are concerned, and partially in the western and Mallee districts. Lo cally the long-lookedforr dowbipour oom. nienced ,boot 2 p.m:. 6 Friday, and con. tidied lightly but steadily till about 6 o'clock. A violent, thunderstorm then passed over the district, the lightning being very vivid, shd the peals of thunder almost deafening. .Indeed one particular peal and flash b?s been described as a thiinderbolt, and well it might be in accordance with Webster's definition of that phenomenon, viz?,'a brilliant stream of electricity passing from one part of the heavens to another, or from the clouds to the earth. It was about 6.15 when this occurred and it seems to have bein experienced over a fairly wide area. The natue of the disturbance was a sudden bdrst of thunder, thejudden" report of the discharge of atmospheric electricity. This lltter came with great aeu leunesi and can only -boe likenedto :tbie aplesion of a terrific bS-io 'In various parts of the' township persons .who were exposed to-:the elements at the time of the occn?irence distinctly felt the conceussion, and some were not a little concerned. From this out the rain fell more heavily and continued till about day-light of the following moriisig Altoether, lin. 84 points were registered. At Dropmore 2.50 in. were recorded; Doogalook, 1.90 in ; Bonnie Doon, 2 in. 46 points. It is hoped -tle-dBwpoaS ir willehebk the further?de'line' i' the local milk supply for some time. :- NOT'erckt" inatches in connection` with the C.A.C.A were played on Saturday last. ?? were due at Seymour according to the fixture., lint by reason of the latter -being disqualified no ,atch was played. ` Avenel were due at Trawool., h?t failed to put in an ?anearance and like'Svnmour are not eligi ble'for further en teen s-ýi....a .u.,?r __n. by remitting £1 to the Associatinoi.funds. Yea last week lodged a protest fee and claim for the Brondford-Yea match on the ground that their opponents failed to play out time; and on Saturday afternoou the Secretary of the Association received a telegram stating the Broadford club claimed the same match on account of the local team failing to enm meuce at the appointed time. Thescalibre of the sportsmen of old seems to be in a stateof rapid decay, and ths spirit of honor which Kas a first characteristic of cricketers unly a few years ago has almost reached vanishing point. It has been a hard strug. gle on several occasious to keep the Anglesey Cricket'Aasociation together, and ilthenglh it has done much for county cricket, it would appear the!time has come when there are reasons for considering the advisability of disbanding : 