HE FARMER'S FIERY FOE. The Australian farmer has many natural foes t-> fight, but in doing so lie generally leaves a great deal to chance. Risks are incurred which ordinary prudence and foresight could easily avoid, and the result is frequently disastrous. Of late a good deal of feeling has been created in Pailiament over the fact that certain fanners have illegally cultivated the beds of dry lakes in the north-west portion of Victoria. This has been done without the least provision against flooding having been made. It is said that a heavy thunderstorm would submerge the crops, and destroy every vestige of the farmers' labour. Indeed, the Minister darkly threatened that the intruders might be driven oft" the ground by the simple expedient of filling certain irrigation channels with water, which, would flow into the now cultivated lake beds. In this case very heavy risks were taken, with sublime resignation to Providence, and apparently with good results. Yet even when the gps were cut disaster overtook the growers, and from a very different foe. A fire, caused by shr^er- Carelessness, has swept apppss '••'•ai',big area of a cultivaj$jl lakfe bed and completely es'tfoyed jtne grain. After escaping tyje ifemiaent risk of flood it reqjiires--a gpod deal of philosophy to se^th^Tuits of one's labour swept away ifi a few minutes by a fire originating on a neighbour's land. The farmer has no more deadly foe than this same fire fiend. The experience last year of our landholders was of the most disastrous nature, and reached the proportions of a national calamity. From end to end the colony was ravaged by flame. Jn bush and -• open plain alike, homes, crops, and cattle were reduced to. ashes. Already this summer great liavotj - has been worked from the same cause. A single liot day breathed it? tiery breath upon us, and reduced thousands of acres of woods, pastures, and crops to cinders. After the event, people begin to get wise, and talk of adopting measures to check the ruin caused by the unrestricted ravages of con- •uming fire. Yet nothing seems to come of it. The terrible teachings of experience fail to make permanent impression, and just when comfortable homes are again established^ raging fire sweeps them away. With united effort there is absolutely no reason why country settlers should thus blindly resign themselves to the fate of fire. On the great- prairies and bush areas of America concerted effort prevents such disasters. A perfect organisation is provided to prevent loss by fire. A sort of unwritten law exists which impels each landowner to protect his own property by means of fire-breaks, walls, and ditches, according to circumstances. This individual effort is supplemented by what might be termed communal effort. Sections of the settlers combine to form what are called general fire breaks. This is done with the view of confining a conflagration within a certain fixed area, should it get beyond the individual bounds. The advantages of this are so obvious-as not.to need comment. When a fire starts, in nine cases out of ten it is kept within narrow limits, and only affects one settler. If, under favouring conditions, it breaks bounds it can be fought with hope of success on each farm, and, with certainty, will be stopped at the special break, where the fighters assemble. If a similar system were adopted in Australia, the destruction wrought by what are termed bushfires would be vastly minimised. In such districts as Gippsland, the Otway forest, and similiar densely wooded areas, of course, the difficulty of coping with fire is increased, but it is by no means insuperable. The fact is, little or no provision is made against fire. Those who best know rural homesteads are often amazed at the want of caution shown by the owners. Huge trees often tower above the houses, rank grass, and frequently grain crops, grow up to the back w.all, and all the conditions ate present for a clean fire sweep wheu a fatal spark Starts the flames in the van of a strong wind. It is only tempting Providence to live under such dangerous possibilities, which can be avoided. Individual effort, both at the homestead and at the limits of the selection, is a first necessity on the part of settlers, and requires only self- dependence and energy. The larger question of united work to . isolate, if possible, large areas of, country is also , one easy of solution. Some of the American States, in fact, legislate to make corporate resistance to fire compulsory. The-pfmciple is recognised that, in/g, JW sense, every man is his brother)^ keeper. In the cities of ViaJSr- Jm person who allows his premier be in a dirty condition is a menadetQ his neighbour from a sanitary" point of view, and is liable to prosecution. The most dangerous, foe of the farmer is fire, and neighbouring settlers owe a great responsibility to each other ; in keeping that foe in check. To neglect any reasonable precaution, of doing so is more than a fault. There have teen at least two occasions in the short history of this Cblony when a blast from the fiery north has swept over the land' converting it into a huge furnace, and shrivelling, into nothingness almost everything consumable. In the face of «uch visitations man's puny resistance is of little avail, though a good deal could be done to reduce the loss even then. It is against disaster by fire under ordinary circumstances that the farmer should guard. At least onehalf the annual losses are preventive, if common-sense precautions were adopted. Municipal councils and committees of agricultural societies ought to take concerted action on the subject, and also urge the wisdom of individual effort to minimise the ravages wrought by fire. Local circumstances could be considered, and tens of thousands of pounds saved every year which now vanish into smoke. The marvel is that the urgent responsibility has not long ago been recognised. Little Marie Martin, aged 1], daughter of the Swiss Consul, and a pupil of the Kew Convent, obtained the gold medal for the competition In writing held in Sydney. An announcement concerning tho animal examination of tin; open scholarships in connection with the Star of the Sea Convent, Elsternwlck, 1b made elsewhere in our present Issue. Hitherto the winners of these scholarships have been singularly successful at the University and other examinations. It Is notified that full particulars may be obtained on application to the Superioress of the Convent 