: ;pastoral Rents. ^-Appeal0 by the Crown, ' v Full Court Sittings. *-* The hearing of tho appeali by the Crown the judgment of Ins honour Mr. CoovJ, regarding the assessment of :Sitro TbSgomindah and Norloy station*, " • ^mmonocd in the Supreme Court on before their honours-the. Chief Jhsbce Mr. Justico Chubb, and Mr. Justice Attornoy-General (the Hon. T. J. .®',Shiin Mr.E. M. Lilley, Mr. STVilson, and Mr. J. T. Bell, M.L.A. V- * ...i -i.fr ttm Crown solicitor), appeared iortho Crown i Mr. Fcez.jritb Mii.lfc; f. Slinstructed by Mr. B. J.-Lceper), up wired for the lessee. Tlio Attorney-General stated this was an „™eii br the Crown, from a judgment do lirKby Mr. Jnstico Cooper on July 'J7 in to matter of an appeahby the lessee from a decision of the Land Board pronounced ou October Ifi. 1897- That appcal was heard tinder the Crown Lands Ar: of lSS4by .us, hon'oarsitting with twoassessors. The decision of the Land Board was the assessment of the rent on the runs for the second period. Tho; rent bad been fixed for the first period at-l Os. ! Der square mile/and for the second period at arimilir amount. His honour, in delivering iudement, fixed, the rent at 10s. for the second period, although- it was -quite clear from .tho judgment that he fixed dowb by the Act. The whole was a question of principle; that was the principle upon which rent should bo'fixed. There was also the disaHUty of the evidence in a sense. It was contended that his honour took into cohridewtion certain things which should not havo been admitted, and did not admit others that should have been considered. This was-' the' first. time the Crown, Lands' Act had come before the Full Court to decide the principle bf assessing rents. Two cases had been heafd in the Supreme Court before the late Mr. Justice Binding, and with th^ present Jrntcb they were the only .cases that had" come beforo that court. „ The grounds of ' the. appeal were eight in i number jand were as follow:.: 1\. That the rent-was not determined iu' accordance with .section 30 bf the Crown Lands Act of 1884, and sections 5 and S of the CrownLaiids Act Amendment Act of 1SSG. 2\. That evidence us to profit or loss made by the'appellants in respect of tho holding in question was wrongly admittc-d. 3. .That-tho rent .was wrongly determined cn.thobasis.of tho net annual income which oiigbt'to bo made out of the holding. 4. That the rent was wrongly determined on the basia.that tho depreciation of the value of the holding since.the commencement of the leaso , caused by .the neglect and: default of the lessees in not taking reasonable steps to keep doWn",rabbits was -a ground for reduction of rent.:,'5;. That the rent was wrongly determined upon'tho value of .the' holding as depreciated by overstocking oh the part of tho lessees. 6. That the rent of the holding was wrongly, determined on' tho basis of the cur rent rates of stock for one season. 7. That the value of the holding of' the right of depasturing over the resumed part of.the run was wrongly disregarded. S. That the said judgment is contrary to the law, •'The Chief Justico said what tho court had to-determine was a question of- law. The apped-was not a rehearing. . . .The.(Attorney-General, continuing, .re viewed the judgment given by Mr. Justice Cooper,"and contended that the process to be amved at in determining tho. reut was, entirely opposite to what the learned judge had taken. The learned judge appeared to hafe considered whut was a fair rental to be paid by the. run under the management of a prudent1 and economical manager. He had it at a certain percentage, which he said "Was the most favourable to the Crown as given by their witnesses.. Ono of tho assessors (Mj. Leahy) said it should bo 20 per cent to 33-per cent, while tho other (Sir. Phillips) .™sented, because tho lessees wero voluntarily paying 13s. pet square mile for the resumed •part adjoining under a tenancy at will. \- - Mr.. .Justice' Heal:' A very proper view to .take.*-. . The'Chief 'Justice: If the resumed part .Vis thrown up, it could be taken up as a .grazing farm;'1 •The .Attorney-General: Of - course - that conjd.-bedohe; but the tenanoyis only ono *twill.; - .• • Justice Real: You would think if tiro rent wM toohigh they would throw it up.. ' • <rnF' - z *-W. havo given, notice.. - Attorney-General: The intention of the legislature in the Act was that tho best ccuntry^waa to bo assessed at 90s. and tho firrtperiod °r 8(luilre mde for tho •Tho.Chief Justice: No one need come under tho Act unless they liked. "6Attorney-General: No. • business*1^06 a vo^untary a-P1 * -A-ttorney-Qeneral 6aid the amending , provided that tho rent payablo uld not exceed double the annual rent of e preceding period. The two points for the court to deade were whether the learned judge JWdecided on a proper basis, and if not, was the principle on which the assess g K fixed. . The learned judgo dn*tw^ ^ waa 11 rent for an i~ jrastritma and prudent tenant to give for t land' prudent tenant to give for the W<^dftW -The question is what ®atter of on nlr8 Wlllin»10 ?ivQ for it. Tho to bo coneiaertf. orrvere ' m?nant3 maJ I50 yerY "wis© mind?0 S i .^he uverao° state of the ratod »• VC l . average state ot the he 'takpn vf€n ^or pastoral land should wwem You must take the average opinion. You might. Imvo a jnrv of teeto talers on a. whisky, case, and what would their, verdict be if they gave -their, own opinion.;,."., H ;BioAttomcy.General: If they'tried it for the first time they might find it of inestimable value. (Laughter.)', Chief J"slice said rent and arinnal valhe practically meant the samo thing—that was the ullnual'value to the landlord. : Tiio'Attorney .General said tho. legislature hua down certain'things us to wliat rent should be. . : Mr. Justice Real: Tno legislature said no land was to be worthless tlmn 10s. per >qnaro mile.; If it was loss tbun tbat they would "not let it. • Chubb su(d there was tho basis of fixing-.tho rent at.so much per licadot cattle... •' . . • . , The Attorney-General said ' the 'legislature 'gave a fair start by fixing the minimum and maxiraum-and'laying down a certain prin ciple as to tho valno of tho country as far as itam erita wero concerned, and 'as far as the value was. by; reason of locality. ' Having estimated the value for the first period the second value mustbear some relation .to that basis. .The'genc-ral knowledge of tho circum stances would not make it difficult to assess the value in relation to the first. The.Chief "Justice: If the land had, de creased-in value tho rent could not be in creased. The Attorney-General: There'is-nothing in tho.evidence to .say that' tho land is worth less than at the first period. Mr., Feez: There is a lot of evidence. ' - The Chief Justice.: If there is no ovidencc of that the appeal mast be wrong. Mr. Justice Real: I have' no doubt some ae swore it. The Atlorney-Gencral. said the principle laid down in the judgment was one that could never' be used in a varying country liko Queensland. The legislature , had., clearly decided.what was a fair proportion, and laid down certain rules to guide the tribunal as to the value of the holding. The Chief Justice: How does the valuator of a local authority set to work. ..." The Attorney-General: He takes the pro perty sales, I suppose. " ; ,'jy ■ : 'Mr. Justice Real : That is the capital value. The Attorney-General: Yes. - ; Mr. Justice Real: They do it most beauti fully sometimes. - . •' '' The Chief Justice : You say. the rule" of the judgment is wrong. "What isthc.proper rule? The Attorney-General: Tnlring the locality* and the intrinsic value of^tho holding. ' Tho Chief Justice: Suppose a property is worth. ICs. per square mile, must it necessarily, bo fixed at £4 10s*. F / • .. •: , Tho Attorney-General: Yon. start-at 10s. and then work up to £1 10s. From • 18S8 to 1895 this land fetched. 19s. per square mile, hut lifter tho latter year it is'fonnd not to;be worth jlOs. That put tho matter in a nut shell. The result could not be right, and the rule laid do wn by * Mr. Justice . Cooper is not justified by the working of the'statute. " ; • Mr. Lilley said ho submitted.that the rule of .his honour Mr. Justice Cooper was wrong,' as no absolute basis'could ho laid down as. to what :t tenant should pay. • They had to con -aider, what had beeu. paid for the preceding part of the term and what other per#nswcre willing to pay for it. • - •• . The court adjourned until tho afternoon. On resuming, . ■ ■ > • v/Mr. Lilley said what was called rent really meant thennnual value. J * Mr. Justice Real: You can take it the other way, and say the annual value is the rent. ,r Mri Lilley : What is rcally to detcr.iiino is the annual viilue. *: • = ■.'Mr.' Justice Real :' That' is deducting the taxes, &c.; . The ' value is what it is worth to the landlord*. Mr. Lilley. said he submitted that the appeal" should he upheld with costs, and sent back for rc-asscssmeot bofore the same judge or some other judge. ' - s, Mr. Feez said that if, the Crown bad come to have a definite principle laid down as to how the rents of the stations of tho colony i were to be assessed, thoy had brought an interesting question to the court; but if they bad come to find out whether the decision 'of Mr. Justice Cooper was wrong1 on tho facta; then it was very different. The Chief Justice: The facts have nothing to do with it. The appeal is brought before us on tho ground that the principle laid down was wrong. Mr. Jnstico Real: Supposo the principle is erroneously applied to the facta. Mr. Feez said the Crown brought certain evidence, and they asserted a certain prin ciple, and the learned judgo had arrived at a decision on tho evidence and principle. They bad pointed out by Tgfeat ho should be guided, and if tho court agreed with his honour as to the principle which would guide tho Laud Board, there was no justification for interfer ing with the decision in that particular cose. The Chief Justice: Supjxiso it is put as an erroneous direction to the jury? Mr. Justice Real: Tho learned judgo was asked to lay down a principle with the object' that tho matter could l>9 further discussed. f Mr. Feez: In this particular ease I am going to show that the judgo adopted tho rule that tho Crown brought. eyidcnco to substantiate, and that tho Crown contended it was the proper rule. > Tho Chief Justice: Oil no. r Mr. Feoz: I will quote the evidence to you and tho remarks made. • Mr. Feez said that considerable discussion bad arisen as to tho principle of assessing the rent. Mr. "Woodbine was. called by-. the Crown and stated that. ho assessed it . in a certain way, and ono of tho assessors had another principle1 in his mind. .. Mr. Justice Real : Mr. Woodbine said , he estimated that so much could ho made out of tho run, and ho allowed a certain percentage for rent. Mr. Palmer estimated the rent at so much per sheep, and it .practically agreed with that arrived lit by Mri' Woodbine...., ' : Mr;Feez rlamgoingto "show the court that whatever principle tbo .Crown* contend is a proper one, and that the learned judge'* opinion was correct. , Tho Chief Justice: That is not-the question. \ Mr. Justice . Real : T daresay that if the Crown were satisfied with the rent they would not bother about appealing. They might, however, in this case. Mr. Feez: Assuming the' principle . is Mr. Justice Real: What have we got to do with it? Wc aro hero on the question of] law. If the principle is wrong we have show it. The Chief Justice: If yon show that it I makes no difference then • the same 'verdict | must be given. . . . ' Mr. Feez: I say itwas the principle con tended by the Crown and by the evidence. Mr. Justice Real: We. will say it'is notl o nrm^mlA If fk?r,L- it- ?«, : tho principle if wethink it i; Mr. Feez said the learned judge pressed tho Crown to say what methods there were for assessing the rent, anil the .Crown submitted that the principle he, adopted was the.only Mr. Justice Real: I cannot sse that itis.the proper thing for counsel to say what .was the method. : . . Mr. 'Feez: No, but if they allowed the rent to be assessed on a principle it could not be altered. /•; . ' . - ' Mr; Justice Real: Tho learned counsel! pressed me very-hard to lay down a rule to! settle the whole question. . The Chief Justice: la it the rule for coun sel to''rive the correct.direction ? .• . Mr. Feez : No; but if counsel accede to a direction they .cannot come to .court and say it was wrong. * ' "•*' Mr. Justice Real: The appeal is to lay down a principle for future guidance, and that was understood by this judge.. It was of no' in terest to a judge to control the law. The learned judge Had laid down a rule in order that it would be decided' by the proper court." Mr. Feez: If the. court aro asked to. lay down a principle on which the runs are to be assessed I contend it cannot be done under the oircumstnnces. ' The Chief Justice.:, . That ,'says there is practically no point,of law involved.' ; Mr. Feez : I submit that practically there is no point of law. There "may be the ques tion of principle of assessing. . Mr. Justice Real: There is a rule laid down. Mr. Feez :,That; rule may be applicable to other causes, out not this particular one.. ; The Chief Justice.: If the "rule is not applicable to this case, the .decision will not be interfered with. . '• Mr. Feez: There is. the question of evidence in every case, and the Crown ^called evidence to show that it.was theproper rule. ...... ... The Chief Justice: How are you going to call, evidence to satisfy, the ^.learned judge: what is the law?..;.. . | Mr. Lilley: We were forced to'call evidence.:; Mr. Feez:-.'The lessee called witnesses to. show that tho country was practically worth-1 less. Mr.Armytogeoffered to sell oat at 30s* per head for the cattle / notwithstanding the, money he. has spent in improvements. Mr. Wilson: He said be would think about it. ' ... Mr. Feez said it was -contended on their side that,'in consequence of the invasion of tho rabbits, the bush fires, and through trying to stock. up. to what the Crown said was the proper thing, the country would not re cuperate in good seasons and was worth nothing. .But the lessees had the cattle aud money invested there and were hanging on' in the hopes of being able to get clear at a profit if possible. , The Crown had called four witnesses, Messrs. Woodbine, Palmer, Ham son, and Gibson. Mr. Woodbine had vast expcrienco in assessing rents iu New South Wales, and gave evidence as to tho methods adopted there and the method adopted iu that Mr. Woodbine stated that he estimated, the value of the improvements, the worHng of the lease to the best advantage, and what could bo'made out of it, and allowed the Crown so. much per cent. , Mr. Palmer adopted another method, while. Mr. Gibson assessed the rent at so much per head of cattlo per mile. . . . - The Chief Justice: Which of these did the Crowd adopt ? Mr. Feez: They relied principally on the method adopted by Mr. Woodbine. ,Mr. Justice Real: They relied on him princi pally to defeat your case, but they did not say that thoy adopted the principle. Mr. Feez: Mr. Woodbine gave the methods adopted in New South Wales. Tho learned judge laid down the principle because it was best suited to the cose. His honour took tho | most favourable view to the Crown. Mr Justice Real: That is Mr. Woodbine's is tho most favourable to the Crown, assuming that his profits are correct. - Mr. Feez: He allowed a certain percentage between 17 and 33 per cent. The Chief Justice: Yes, but why not take 9J per cent? Mr. Justico Real: What Mr. Woodbine gav in evidenco before me wns-that ho went ove the run and divided each day's work into various areas, then he estimated the carrying capacity of tho blocks and allowed so: much for improvements. Having ascertained. the whole of tho carrying capacity, ho averaged to much to bo mado out of it. ' *Mr. Feez: The learned judge adopted that principle. The Chief Justice: How do ycu get over paying I4s. for the resumed part if he relied on Mr. Woodbine ? .Mri Feez: Tliafe was not in evidence. Mr. Justice Real: It was veiy much in evi dence before me. Mr. Feez: An objection was raised that tho | adjoining runs should not bo taken into c sideration. • Mr. Justice Real: You say a fair rent is so | much per wi& How do you make that out ? . Mr.Feez: In New South | Walea there w diffcreht-tenurc'and tlifferent larid. ■' The Chief J ustice:' The tenure isworse and | the Ian'd worse! . Mr. Feez: No"; the tenure is for 23 years. I Mr. Justice Real;!That makes it so much I worse; you have longer toVtay.; . Mr. Feez; No: yoii can forfeit. The Chief Justice; That is open to you. Mr. Feez; We hope to get something out I of it for the money invested. Mr. Arniytage I is willing to sell out at 30s. per head of cattle. I »n,« nku* . Ttru..*. v. »i.t 'JTie Chief Justico: What would he sell at "without the land? Mr. Fccz : For about a similar amount'; .of course, it must not bo forgotten that these runs are .heavily infested with" rabbits, and devas tated by bush- fire.'. The mulga had.suffered through the droughts and ovcrsfockiug. •These circumstances the learned judge had before him.. He.bud been asked to ascertain what would be a fair rental for them. The Crown brought forward Mr. Woodbine, who said that 30 per cent- was a'fair rental; and I his honour adopted that principle. : Mr. .7 ustice Real; As the most favourable to the Crown," but in what way ? . Mr. Feez: Some of the other witnesses said 25 per cent. ..• • • , ' The Chief Justice: The learned judge-may have meant that he would accept the working, theory bat object to tlic evidence as to facts. Mr. Feez: .Exactly^*. 'm Mr. Justice Real; And applying that to , the stations, what'would be the pront ? . " j " Mr.Feez: Nothing. | Mr. Justice Real: Suppose Mr. Woodbine | assessed a number of the runs and only one appealed. He would be asked his method and say he fixed the carrying capacity at a certain number. His theory might work out correctly, but the carrying capacity he wrong. .Mr. Feez said the position of the lessees in the south-western district was such that they held'on to the stations in sheer desperation. " . The Chief Justice: I cannot credit that. , Mr. Feez reviewed the evidence given on both sides, and said his honour Mr. Justice Cooper adopted the principle for this particu lar run on the evidence given. ~ The Chief Justice: You would want then 2,000 hilea for that.number of runs. ' / Mr. Feez: I suppose if. there were 2,000 runs there should be 2,000 rules. I'submit yob'cannot lay down a rule to assess all the rents. Mr. Justice Red: Not a mete rule of arith metic; Mr. J ustice Chubb: Did the Crown say they took Mr. Woodbine's assessment. ' Mr. Feez: Not in so many words. The Crown gave certain "principles as applying to I the case and his honour was perfectly justified | in arriving'at' bis' decision according to the j evidence. • Mr. Justice Real: He adopted the best method as .applying to this particular case. He would not exclude from consideration the fact that they were voluntarily paying 13s;: or lis. per square mile." Mr. FeezHe did notsuggest that. . The Chief Justice:..The basis was to ascertain the, net annual profits and then'give the Crown a certain proportion. If every body, else . was, .paying 30s. it would be irrelevant if. the rule was the right one. * - Mr. Feez :' In every case it was matter of evidence. • . " " • The Chief Justice: Just so. Mr. Feez,:" The learned judge has gone oh* the evidence. • •/ , The. Chief' J ustice ;• There must b9 some principle. . . !. Mr. Justice Real: You must not exclude one particle of .the evidence.': . • Mr. Feez said he' submitted the principle was correct as applied to that particular case, even though it might be wrong as applied^ to allcases. ^ .v • The Chief. Justice: *It may exclude, the most material fact, imd that was .what would other persona piy for it.r ~ Mr. Feez: Not one particle of evidence was excluded. The.learned judge was given certain methods as to ascertaining the rental, and adopted "the best under the circum stances. There were two; things to be con sidered, and those were the carrying capacity and what proportion shoujjl be paid in rent. The. Crown had given, a method by Mr. "Woodbine, and when that was adopted it could hot be contended that the learned judge was wrong. Mr. Justice Real: I think so. His estimate as td the profits* might be right, but he might be wrong as to the carrying capacity. Mr. Feez said in giving his decision in the Bulloo Downs case his-honour Mr. Justice Cooper said he proposed to adopt the method indicated by -Mr.. Woodbine. He. did so because it seemed a fair and busincss-liko one and becauso it bad: the approval of. the Crown. He was sorry that the Crown could not assist him in framing any other-rule. He had asked Mr. Lilley, but that gentleman was not able to give ft. He (Mr. Feez) did not see how any other rule could bo given. His honour said a fair rent could only be ascertained by the value of the thing rented and what could be made out of it. The Chief Justice: It depends on that. If a man takes a shop you do not inqniro what he will make out of it, but what he will give for it. He will consider how much ho can make out of , it, and then how much he will pay for it. , Mr. FeezBut that is not the case with the lessees. They cannot say, " Wo will give you so much, or wo will leave it alone." They wero there, and they could not leave with out ruination. ■ • N The Chief Justice: I have heard that many times before. , Mr. Fccz said, unless the method was adopted, as had been adopted- by the learned judge, a rental could not be arrived.at except by guesswork. Ho contended that 'the rule laid down was a fair.one. The Chief Justice : You say take so much per cent,' . Mr. Fe^: X.sny .J°? mu?t %d out ftt {aUr. J Jtice RealVTbaru. ctot nmahouM pay Borao percentage of the whole. c \- Mr. Feez: A fair'percentage.: The ChictJaatica: Percentage jaii^eTMt. Ascertain what isto bo made out of the .pro perty and give tbo landlord part of it, ,doea that not lead to chaos? fnrtw Mr. Feez: How are you to get farther. Snnpose a person bad a farm in tboso di tricto, howwotda it beascertamed what would b0i\fe5CWef Justice: You would inquire what people would givo.for it. Mr Feez t But that may bo unfair. ■ . *-^ie Chief Justice: Why? H people say they till give so much. You say it >a the duty of the board to protect these people. Mr. Feez said theso runs wero not to be compared with those in the same district. It th° method of the learned judge a rule was not to be adopted it would lead to lnternuu able discussions, • , . The Chief Justice: If you leave out the irrelevant part, there is absolute chaos. ^ Mr -Feez :*No more than m the other case. ' Mr". Justice Meal: The learned judge said between 10 and 20 per cent. Mr." Feez said tlicrc were certain things to h'a taken into consideration, and then it was to be determined what was a fair proportio W be paid to the Crown. Then there was toe questton as to whether 10f sheedd he tt. unnimum for the second penod. The learned ind"e was of opinion that less than too mini mum.hontd he fixed for these stations. _ The Chief Justice: Does the question an« ? Mr. Feez: It may not anse, hut it was mentioned in the judgment. The only refer ence to it in the Act was in section 30. suh s«Hon3, and that dealt with toe first period for toe rent for five years. . Mr. Justice., Chubb: That is for a lease of 15 years, with five-year periods. The' Chief Justice: When was too term altered to seven years ?„ Mr.-Feez: Under the 1886 Act. Mr. Justice Real: It cuts bcth ways. Mr. Feez: Ob ! yes: there is .the maximum . as well as toe minimum. •. After some argument on the point. Mr. Feez said he submitted toe jndgmen. was right, and should not be disturbed, ana that the appeal should bo dismissed. The Attorney-General Baid that it had b«m contended that the Crown had practically supported toe rule laid down by«« tamed judge, ana had given evidence tosupwtit. ilr.LiUey hadelearly stated mopenmgthatth. evidence was given under protest. J. he qucs tion of the minimum did not arise. The Chief Justice: It docs in this way. If toe learned judge laid down a wrong'rote. ™a we are to sedd it haclr, we must scad ^^Attofney-General said if the rnleoftoo learned judge was adopted as correct it must leS to absolute chaos It was qmte opposed totoe statute and toe working ofevery-day life Take' the example of a man wno charters a ship for three years, and gods away ami makes nothing out of it. Became* bto£ the ship is worthless, and he asks to be idlowed to charter it for h°°* ^ooTymakdtny?hinfin toe te.penoA The micstion as to what was made was ^rUon'of toe'wmld'seaSgentorprise of that, description would be willing to give for it contended that too appeal should be . ^Their honours reserved judgment. Botmo Dowxs Stathkt This was a similar appeal by the Crown JSttoraeckiono^ to toe rent to he assessed on Balloo Downs HTi?e Mtoraey&l; said the same q«f tion was involv^ as in toe former^Mr. Justice Cooper bad reduced the ^ ^ not mopestf tT^verTV-^ ^aim hufc would ask that the appeal he 'aUSedFeizhlvid'toere was practically uo Mr. t .Me case Was stronger ^to facte "t was admitted that the ran was , toe woratinfetla a: far as toe rabbits were C°-nernaie? Justice: What was too rental fil^%^f"Hs.^^Tmae,hattoe Cr^nsugg«tedl'D^®Te^^t^e too*^Cwto SutSt " toTinsidcring toe P°trr°JmticeS: In this case toe learned come to tlio minimum- f Mr Feez: Yes. , . ' Their honours reserved judgment. il In the organism of man, as in that of all the higher animals, the materials for tho nutri tion of every portion of tho structure are supplied by the Blood. If the blood is diseased the body is diseased." "Clarke's World-famed Blood llixiure" is a guaranteed enre for all Blood and Skin Diseases. Itistho most search ing blood cleanser ever discovered,and it will free tho system from all impurities from what ever cause arising. For Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Legs, Pimples, and Sores of all kinds, its effects arc marvellous. Thousands of . wonderful; cures haye been effected by it. Sold everywhere, at 2s. 9d. per bottle. . Beware of . worthless imitations and substitutes.* , 