BUSH JTIBE8. [BY TEUSOKAFH.) Another Terrible Outbreak in ? Tasmania. Immense Damage in the North. à Sheet of Flame Six Miles Wide. i LAüscksToy, Tuesday. A firs bas been raging east ol trio Kiver Tamar sinos Saturday. Frank Arclior lost a mile and a half of fencing, four sheds, and a number of sheep. Ab ¡V inkteigb, west of tho Tamar, the fencing on both sides of the road for three miles was burned and the road was blocked with burning trees. In the north-western districts Coon, Somerset, and Flowerdale were dnvastated. The damago ia estimated ab fully £10,000. ' Grain, buildings, stock, and fencing aro all burnt. Tho steamer Manapouri arrived off the coast on Saturday, but owing to tho smoko from tho bush fires she was unable ta sse the Table Capo light, arriving in port only on Sundav. At Moont Hick* nine formen were burnt ont. A number of »tock wore roasted, bat no lota of h mn in life ia reported. At Flowerdale W. Bmlth's honte waa barning when the inmates quitted it. An infant's dress several times ignited. Miss Priestly, who carried tho child, had her boote scorched off her feet. Mrs. Mango and Mr. Bassett wore also slightly humed. Stntterd's house at Wynyard had a narrow escapa ; alto Quiggin's mill, rthich was saved I only by the heroic exertions of the Misses i Qoiigin. 1 The fire is now travelling towards Circular i Head and Burnie. Tho fire at Flowerdale is said to have i.formod a sheet of flame six miles wide. EYDNKV, Tuesday. I Bush fires have broken out at Kiandra and Pambula, in tho Southern district, near the Victorisn border. The fires are spreading;, j and it is feared that great damage will result. MELBOURNE, Tuesday. The bush fires recommenced yesterday; but they aro not so extensive os before. There are many complaints of the inaction of the Government while valuable, settlers are suffering min. ADELAIDE, Tnesdsy. Tho bush fires which havu bees raying on the Mount Lofty Banges ara not yet nnder control. In many places smouldering trees continually threaten to belch forth flames with renewed energy. The city yesterday was covered wich a thick mantle of smoke, neither the hills nor the sea being visible. AUCKLAND, Tuesday. Bush fires havo been again ' prevalent owing to the hot weather. The State forest at Marcheta caught fire, and was burning from and to end till . fall of rain fortu- nately extinguished it. A bushfire ha» also been raging in the Nelson district. Blight 1 Blight 1 ¡-Dont' suffsr,!as Morris Imperial Eye Ointment nevar fails to aura. Over SO years in use. Never be without it. Sold everywhere. Pots, 2s." Viait the big .boot sais at.Hart's.» 