The Advertiser. PUoLISHreD EVET TUESDAY, TiuasnnlY AlD SATURDATY.MORINING. Dairnsdale, Thursday, August 11, 1808. WI-AT the Forest Commission is doing is a thing known only to itself, if we may excopt the information which comes to hand from time Jo time that it is about to visit Ballarat, or Ben digo, or 1Nhill, or some other place where forests are either unknown or do not require any extraordinary amount of attention paid to them. It has presented no report to Parliamont, so far as we are aware, but the mom boers composing it are evidoutly having a first rate time, after the manner of royal and parliamentary commis sions, at the exponse of the taxpayers. The real forest country of Victoria it Gippsland, where some millions of acres of timber exist and call for special consideration if the forests areto be effectively conserved, and the timboer industry placed upon a footing that will be beneficial alike to the State and those who are engaged in the trade. The recent enormously des. truetiveo bushfires speak with distress ing olequeuco of the absence of adequate legal provision for the pro tection of hugo tracts of standing timber. Under suitable regulations and proper supervision disastrous bush conflagrations would bo minimised. As it is they are almost of yearly occur ronce. In other important directions attention is required at the hands of the Commission. The State possesses an immense forest territory in the Gippeland district, with which practi cally nothing is being done. There is no attempt made to dispose of the comparatively valueless timber and supply its place with trees of high commercial value; neither is there any systematiceffort madeto prevent waste. True, royalties and license fees are im posed under the law, but there is not wanting evidence that the payment is as much honored in the breach as the observance. The Commission will in this district find some real work cut out for it-perhaps that is why it shirks the undertaking-and the sooner it comes along this way the sooner will it have an opportunity of justify ing its appointment. The State forests and timber reserves of Gippeland com prise upwards of 07,000 acres, whilst 4,010,000 acres of Crown lands are covered with forests-in all close upon 4,800,000 acres of timber country. To go into detail-Area of State forests and timber reserves: Co!quhoun, 065,000 acres; Tambo (Sarsfield), 13,000 acres; Nindoo, 8250 acres ; Meerlieu, 2700 acres; Wy Yung, 2410 acres; Moormurng, 2150 acres; Woongulmornng, 3520 acres. Crown Lands (counties): Tambo, 000,000 acres; Dargo, 879,000; Tanjil, 820,000; Croajingolong, 1,051,000. Here then is a forest country which should have been the first to come under the notice of the Commission, but instead of setting to work where its labors should naturally begin, it is travelling through cities surrounded by bald hills and sandy wastes, or through territory where vineyards and orchards abound, or large tracts of cleared country are spread with car pets of verdant herbage end growing cereals. The heads of the Forest department require galvanising into life, and sadly want a little common sense knocked into them. Itis eight years since the Conservator of Forests issued his last annual report, and what has been done sincethen,besides tinkering with regulations, is not known outside the charmed circle of headquarters officialdom-may not oven be known by those within it. Eight years ago the conservator suggested amongst other things the imposition of royal ties upon the cutting of timber for certain purposes, .but his reason was limited to the idea of prevention of waste-a very good one if it had been supported by common sense actions. The royalty charge is to day in full operation, but in such a form as to operate injuriously in one important way at least. It would not be unreasonable to charge a small royalty to those who cut down valuable trees for timber for private contracts, but it is unreasonable to demand a heavy royalty from con tractors, who are engaged in supply ing the Government departments with piles, telegraph poles and railway sleepers. And this is what is being done by the bungling department, and done in such a way, too, that tenderers are left in entire ignorance of the fact that they will have to do more than pay the customary license fee of 5s per quarter. That is, there is no inti mation given in the tender advertisc ments as to ihe royalty requirements; though it is of course known to the regular contractors. Recently tenders were invited for the supply of tele graph poles in this district. The tender accepted was based in ignorance of the fact that a royalty would have to be paid. The contractors applied for the customary license. and then learnt that a large sum would have to be given as royalty. They desired to amend their tender by adding the royalty fees, as theirs would still be the lowest tender; and ever sines there has been accumu lating a bundle of red tape correspon dence in the official pigeon holes, and the matter is still unsettled. The scale of royalty charges are:-For piles and telegraph poles, 2s for the first 20ft of stringy bark or box and 4s for iron bark; exceeding 20ft in length, Id per foot for box and stringy bark and 2d per foot for iron bark. Sleepers are charged for at the rate of 3d each if cut from live wood, and 2d each cunt from dead wood. This produces so much revenue to the Forest depart ment, only to take more than the sum total out of the banking accounts of other departments, and the not re sult to the revenue is a considerable loss. In this way. The tenderer has to include the royalty in hisestimate,'and he naturally allows a margin for in teresti upon it. Then he has to pro vide for loss arising out of the frequent delays occurring in inspecting and branding each separate piece of timber hoewn. Those items, added to the ordinary profit he .expects to make out of his contract, bring the price up to a very much higher sum than would otherwise bhe the case; whilst the de parlment has to pay an increased nbmber of foresters and inspectors to see that the law is complied with. As a matter of fact the price of sleepers ihas goneo up since this disturbing olo ment has been introduced as much as Gd to 8d each, or roughly 100 per coat upon the royalty charged. Another anomaly may be pointed out, An applicant for a license to strip bark on Crown lands is charged £1 10s, and he may cover any area he thinks fit, whereas a landholder under section 32, who pays rent for his land, is charged £2 for a stripping license, and is restricted to his own holding. An explanation is necessary hero. These are amongst the q~'ormatters it should be within the scopo of the commission to os:qiro into and make recommendations upon, bub they are sufficient to show how absurdly the Forestry department is conducted, aied the necessity that "xlstse for a thorough investigation into everything connected with.it. Wm. M'Keand, of Bruthen, clerk, was on Tuesday morning ordered by Mesera Bull and Johnson, Js.P., to be sent to the asylum for insane at oew on the certificate of Drs. Alsop and Bond. The district inspector of State schools, Mr W. Park, has been, during the past two days, conducting the periodical examination of.pupils of the Bairnedalo school. The winter meeting. of the Bairns dale Racing Club takes place to-day, and if the weather holds fine there should be a large attendance. Mr Paul Jondeon, of "Birnedale, met with an unpleasant ihnishipyeiter day morning, and is now under the care of Dr Alsop. Mr Jondeon had to at tend a wedding at Wy Yung, and was returning to town with the bridal party, when the accident happened. In driving down Roder's hill the brake failed to act and Mr Jondeon swerved the horses towards the embarkment to take the pressure off them. The animals, however, slipped and foll, and the vehicle was overturned on the driver who was pinned to the ground, The remainder of the bridal party, who were roughly thrown out, escaped with nothing more serious than a fright. They lifted the carriage and released Mr Jondeon, who was eut about the head and appeared to be very much shaken. Just then Meossr Wilson and Barr's coach approached, and the sefferer was conveyed in it to his residence. Dr Aleop was sent for and attended to the injurieos, which were, late last night, still causing Mr Jondson great pain. A barn belonging to Messrs. Dickson Bros., of Murrindale, near Buchan, was burnt down last Saturday night, and as incendiarism was suspected two black trackers were sent for to endeavor to trace the supposed culprits. These aborigines passed through Bairnsdale on Tuesday afternoon, under the direction of Senior Constable Fawkner. A horse belonging to Messrs Dickson Bros, was shot on the same night as fire occurred. Accounts are at the receipt and pay office, Bairnedalo, for M. Breen, J. Bull, J. and H. Besley, M." Cur tain, H. Cousens, W. Clancy, H. B. Clarkenson, F. Christie, J. Drew, D. Fitzgerald, C. Jones, D. Kerr, W. King, W. Mustard, D. Munro, A. H. C. Ostler, J. W. Mlackieeon, J. J. C. Paton, Gee. D. Perry, W. T. Porter, J. Ploydell, H. Reed, \V. A. Richardson, P. E. Scandlean, W. Stevens, C. Stevens and I. Town send. A telegram from Bungendoro (New South Wales) states that the Captain's Flat mail coach was stuck up by two armed men on Tuesday night, at 7 o'clock, about six miles from Bungen dore. The locality is a lonely one, and the robbers secured eight mail bags, containing registered letters. The police have started out. The bags were taken by the robbers to a camp fire, off the road, and upon investign. tion the men returned and demanded the registered bag. Six passengers were in the coach and were un molested. According to a telegram from Wangaratta, a large fire-ball descended in that town on Tuesday morning, and was watched while it moved slowly near the snrface of the street, until after travelling 200 yards it was ex ting?ished, leaving no trace behind. The rumbling of thunder was heard at the time, and the surroundings were so brilliantly lighted that a number of Mr A. Pinkerton's family (near whose residence the fire-ball descended) sprang from bed, believing that the house was on fire. The fire-ball, which travelled in a north-easterly direction, was large enough to bejust encircled by one's arms, and when seen was moving so slowly that a person walking could have passed it. It is not reported whether anyone en deavored to overtake the phenomenon. Sir Thomas Lipton, Bart., who be fore the jubile celebrations presented the Princess of Wales with £25,000 towards providing dinners to the poor on that occasion, has now handed to Her Royal Highness the princely sum of £700,000, for the purpose of es tablishing dining rooms for working men and women. The donorisn well known provision merchant in London. A grievance of some state school teachers with regard to their private no commodation has been brought nnder the noticeof thedepartmental authorities. It is complained that at small country schools the hoosehold accommodation provided by the department is very much too small, notwithstanding that the teachers are required to pay rent for their quarters. On behalf of the authori ties it is pointed out that some standard of accommodation must be adopted, and the conveniences are based on the size of the school, as junior teachers allotted to the smaller schools are not likely to require so monch room as older men witl, families. It is considered impossible to suit every teacher's requirements. Rooms migbt be provided for a teachebr with a large family, who might be transferred shortly afterwards; but a teacher with a small family, or any anmarried teaclher, wonld find the accommodation excessive, and would reasonably object to pay the rent. If tlhe rooms erected by the do partment are not snficient, tihe teacher nay add to them at his own expense, alid sell or remoove the additions when he leaves the school. 