The Figure at the Sliprails. BY J. HUMPHREY SWAKSON. It was hot—extremely so ; but then it is never anything else in Mnndrawalla and the regions round about. To sincerely expect otherwise would resemble a demand for the almost impossible, and most certainly the improbable. Truly, a short month or two, mainly composed of piercing wind-filled days and a thermometer that—frankly and undisguisedlv. without the slightest shame or compunction for falling so low—registered only 50°, was winter—winter indeed. For which fact, lie it known, those who had as yet failed to appreciate 125° in the shade were properly grateful. And if it were not for that 125° in the shade, who could then regard the 50° with such becoming contentment ? A bullock-dray, drawn by a team of ten unwieldy great-boned beasts, stood outside a shanty-like public-house. A woman, young, plump, and good-tempered enough to be very pleasant to look upon, sat with her two small boys of live " summers in it, her baggage around her, save only that portion which had been transformed into a primitive seat. This woman was strong—she was courageous ; yet good for her was it that though she was born and bred to a fairly bard life on a selection nearer to^-or, to more accurately descrilje it, less farther removed from—Sydney, slie had no conception of the life which was now opening before her, nor of the kind of country that it was Intended should give them a livelihood. Butshe was even now beginning to experience that between this and her early home there was a great gulf—a gulf represented by the River Darling and those immense, dreary, monotonous plains along which it crawled in its own tortuous fasliion. Had Marion Jackson been imaginative she 'might have felt that all the life, heart, and energy had been taken out of the river, by reason of the length of its way and the weariness of its jnurneyings. Fortunately, she was not. She had come up by a puffing steamboat, the river being at present navigable even to the extent of disregarding the channel and passing over sunken logs and other such impedimenta (for there had been floods). Consequently that infant. Mundra- \- walla (this being in the early days of its settlement), looked its very best. Steaming along, with wool barge astern, one- or two of the views that one caught a glimpse of between the red gums that lined the river banks, were quite pretty—innumerable herbs and grasses covered the plains with an always-fco-be-desired greenness— and Marion began to think that indeed John's predictions as to the much better fortune they would surèly experience in this new and sparsely populated, district would be certainly verified. Mudrawalla, truly, was a disappointment, inasmuch as it was so thoroughly a baby town, not in the least out of arms. John - Jackson was there with a bullock team, by which means of transit they were to reach their selection. At present John Jackson, of small discrimination and ideas pf haziness, was having a drink—" a stiff 'un, : ' in his phraseology. Mundrawalla., from the beginning to the present day, provided liberally in this respect for all comers, for is not Mudrawalla always thirsty, from the smallest child to the very earth itself ? Something to drink is their perpetual want and their one prayer. Jackson arrived shortly afterwards, bombastic in manner, possibly because he had so very little information to unpart concerning the new venture. He wore moleskins, a gaudy cotton shirt, a belt which he was continually hoisting, and a cabbage-tree hat. • The others were likewise attired in a manner betokening the defereuce paid to the existing climatic conditions. He now hauled up the last of the provisions, sent up the sugar bag and flour bag, which latter article : the boys speedily utilised as a seat, fussed round the oxen, and with a good crack of the stockwhip on the leaders' backs, the cumbersome dray began to rumble off. " Where are we goin' John ? " Marion in quired, looking down with a smile. " Over thur," pointing eastward. " Thur ain't no road yet, but thur's a track." ™ An' a traek is uncommon good for the likes o' us," broke in the woman brightly. "Life had not quenched the spirit nor broken the heart of this woman. As a girl she had toiled early and late in her father's little back-blocks house. Naturally she had had her little aspirations, her castles in the air : for alt-hough newspapers were scanty, and literature non est her mother, being an energetic hand at " spinning a yarn," had told lier oftiines many a tale of England and of people and lands beyond seas. It was not, therefore, to be wondered at that her soul craved somewhat for any pleasant change, even were it to see Sydney —that wonder in her eyes. But youth passes, and monotony goes on unto monotony. Hope prances less and less joyously and continuously over the area of our existence, until it takes unto itself swift hoofs and gallops off our racecourse without ever once passing the winning-post. Dreams and wishes came to the fore again in the person of John Jackson when he proposed Heaven only knows what—it was supposed by all to mean marriage. He had mumbled, so, been so ungracious, indistinct, \- and considerably mixed withal, that no one could ever afterwards definitely state what he did say, least of all he himself. But they were certainly married (by a tired bush parson, who sighed audibly), and Jackson represented to her how rapidly they would prosper, make money, and life shoqld be " easy for her. He told himself that he never gave a thought to the fact that Marion was an A1 worker. She believed liim at first, ' but six years passed, finding them worse off than at the beginning. iïow, big squatters with their flocks were going westward. Jackson would go westward to ; so he settled on taking up some land -near Mundrawalla. It was then that Marian called all her cheerfulness to her aid. She beheld Mundrawalla—it was ever green—and Hope came cantering up to her heart for admittance once more. She opened the stable-door and let liim in. Truly Jackson's life must have been the brighter and better for the opening and shutting of that door, though he himself never gave her the small satisfaction of telling her so. " It ain't never no harm to be eheerfu}. even if things does go wrong."' said this woman in later years, with a simple, unconscious heroism. But you do not think much of such common place heroism, do you, reader mine"? You question the right of the title. It is so easy to be unflaggingly goodtempered and cheerful when hope has fled and a fast narrowing life is converging towards one point ! And, moreover, it happens so very often, does it not? Marion was rambling in state along a •flat, black plain—treeless almost, and depressing in the extreme—towards her boipe —saltbusîi and spinifex, spinifex and sal(> 4JUS1I, myalls., and stunted boxwood, always sand for ever. Where the overflow on the plains had been, chesses, Darling peas, native tobacco plants, and tyarrigal cabbage plenteously disported themselves—familiar weeds were they—but the little party on -the bullock team seemed to be bidding adieu to the. even then, scanty vegetation ; and keeping that lonely, treeless, and start-ling Mount Oxley on their right, they journeyed on to a district calculated but to run sheep .«x months out of twelve, and that only in good seasons. Naturally .Marion did not know this, and Jackson had not been at particular pains to ascertain it. He knew his road—it was towards the Bogan. The tent was up, they would shortly build, some land was already fenced, and he had put sheep on it. What more could any decent woman want ? he demanded of himself. In time the house—or to euphemistically and certainly more truly put it, a place of abode—was erected, Marion helping with the splitting of saplings and carrying of materials. In time they planted and sowed, prayed for rain, waited, and hoped. In time, too. the boys grew and worked, also with the same meagre results. In time Jackson grew tired of the unequal contest, the struggle against the relentless drought, the never-ending saltbush and spinifex, the blistering days, and annually decreasing sheep and cattle. So he drove intd" Mundrawalla one day in the spring-cart with the fruits of Marion's dairy labors, where, selling the cart and turning the horse loose, he quietly slipped off on -a wool barge adown the Darling, and with less brag than he had ever heretofore used disappeared. The woman standing at the sliprails— who, though often hard pressed, overworked, poor, sometimes also to the verge of starvation, had never wholly despaired— saw the harnessless horse strolling leisurely home. In an instant the full import of Jackson's words came to her, " Don't yer never leave the s'lection till I comes back, ole woman," was borne in upon her. "Oh, John ! John !" she cried, leaning her brown, work-coarsened arms on the top panel, " I didn't do nothing ter deserve this from you !" " Doan't yer take on so, mother," said her two great rough lads to her, some months later. " We won't never treat yer so ; we's goin' straight off ter hunt him up fur yer, on'y don't yer never leave this yere place till we conies. Promise, an' we's sure ter find yere when we conies back." So she promised, and they went. IL For an abuost interminable summer that seemed to have its beginning in Hades and was in nowise connected with things terrestrial, but swept like some hot, lost, evil force over that heart-breaking, couragesapping country, and for a few soonforgotten winter weeks Marion worked unfalteringly, nor once omitted to wander to the sliprails at eventide. She worked like a man, hoarded like a miser, and grew silent. She sowed and reaped, fenced and dug, attended as best she could the few sheep, killed snakes as occasions arose, made précautions against the little place being actually destroyed by bush fires, took her produce to market and sold when she could. Always that lonely journey to Mundrawalla in a jolting spiingcart and the perpetually fruitless inquiry for letters. Somebody, surely, the lads could get to write for them, an' they would. Her nearest neighbours—some miles away —were French. Marion hated foreigners. Farther off again, on the other side was an Irishman, who possessed an oft-intoxicated wife. As the years passed on Mrs. Delaney occasionally broke in upon the fast-growing silence of Marion Jackoon. " Och, now, it's a trate ye miss, Marion Jackson, not to take a glassfol now and thin. Love me sowl, think how toime wad slip for ye. Why shud ye kape on waithin an' worrkin' here ? ye, a lone widdy for all ye can telL Faith, 'tis cruel wurk." " I ean't leave the ole hut," answered a gaunt- looking woman, whose face had forgotten the art of laughter. " It's five years agone, I knows, but says them boys to me, * Promise us, mother, yer'll never g 'way,, and we's sure to come back.' They'll come some day, an' they shall, fin' me here an' waitin' for 'um." " Dhrunk ! dhrunk ! ! dhrunk ! ! !" shouted Mrs. Delaney, swaying about in the springcart and wiping her moist, red countenance with the end of her cotton gown. " Yer have 'ad a glass too much, Mrs. D." said Marion severely, legroping a spiteful little poley cow, and reaching out for the bucket. " Me dhrunk ? whirra ! whirra ! Du ye Know it's a solemn outrajus fac', an' 'tis meselfs ashamed tu own it, Mrs. J., that oi hev' not bin properly dhrunk wance since oi wuz on this blessed s'lection. Saints bless it someday, sayoi. Och ! Sydney .wuz the place. Whin oi wuzn't at Cockatoo, sbure oi wuz in Darlinghurst, an' whin oi wazn't lodgin' there oi wuz livin' in a tint 'long Mil'try-road. Shure, now, listen to this. Oi wance had a half-crown giv' me, an' fuie that I wuz, phwat did oi du but pay bit off a dibt when oi ought to have got boozed on't, boosed siveral toimes, Mrs. J. Niver had such a chance since.. ' Lost opportunity niver retams,' " quoted she with much weeping. " Get along with yer ; sun's asindin'," said Marion shortly, setting the buckets on a ledge and turning the milkers out into the paddocks. "An' yu is goin' tu the sliprails oi'll sware by the Blessed Vargin herself. Livin' alone is moighty bad fur ye. We're goin' tu quit ; 'tis clear stharvation sthayin' here. Ye'll have only the Frenchies lef thin. Come in to Mundrawalla, now du." A fresh sob and more tears. But Marion, with set countenance caught up the buckets and shot past her into the " lean-to " at the back. " Hof long, O Lord, how long?" she groaned, leaning heavily against the sapling doorway. Meanwhile Mrs. Delaney was discontenr tedly heading her horse homewards, when she beheld her spouse stumbling along the track. " Yis ! yer—yer—woman ! yer lazy, boozing pig o' an Irishwoman. 'Tis meself as thought to fin', me ca-art bhroke up, me horse bolted, an' yu alyiu' dead in the road— git along wid ve," cried her irate betterhalf. Shortly after that the Delaneys left the district, and.Marion, reduced to the Frenchies, lived absolutely alone. As time went on, growing inured to her solitude, this woman whom the world had beaten so hard and so often, lost all fear, and fear of fear. The mournful wailings of the dingoes by night, bush-fires by day, stray sundowners at eventide, affected hep not ; all sensation and thought seemed to have resolved tlieminto two t-iiings—that her lads would sureiy return and that she would wait for then} there till they did. Three distinct thoughts she was conscious of : That life is full of puzzles to which there are no keys, nothing but a mocking jangle. That all things must come to an end some day, both sorrow and joy ; the only observable difference being that the pleasant paths come to an end much more quickly than do the disagreeable. That the reward of virtue is in the performance thereof. Meanwhile she waited with a quietude suggestive almost of apathy and despair. * * * •* f Ned, it's nigh on Christmas, an' I've 'ad ; a dreaui. It Ji^as about the ole woman, the missus. She were waitin', waitin' for us ; callin' us. Thur's the rilewyCQ M undrawalla now, we can spare the ' gonds thur ^.in't no call fer us to stop away longer.'"' " Darn yer, Jem, with yer dreams an' sich like nonsense. D'es yer s'pose she's took root on that bloomv, forsaken s'lection, and not made tracks fer Mundrawalla, where thur's a bit o' a town now, an' some kin'_o' Christians?" " I hope they is better folks than we've bin, we, ber sons, as had call to stau' by her," almost groaned his brother. - "What have we dun?" demanded Ned violently. " She were frettiu' as wiminun will, an' we hooked it ter hunt up the bloomy boss. Bloomy bad sort he is ! We couldn't clap eyes on him nowheres, an' we had ter fill ourselves as best we could (jolly empty was we, that bein' more of en ekernomical than comfortable. ) They didn't put up tellygraf poles an' wires, nor build rilewys fur our 'commodation, an' yer can't tramp it to Mundrawalla in a day, eh ?" "Don't matter. We apromised as how we'ud come back. We cud have 'fore now. We've bin careless an' unlovin', Ned. We're bad sons," said Jem with conviction. " Darnation take yer," cried Ned, springing up. " Go then, an' whinny that yer are a bloomin' ole sinner." " I .am goin', Ned, this very blessed yere night, and by Christinas Eve I'll clap eyes on the ole home," decisively. " I'm acumun', too, " said the other with a sudden trembling. Coarse, hardened, and rough-grained were the two men who were setting out for Mundrawalla in a springcart, but under the cotton shirt of the one was a heart stricken with tardy repentance and newly-awakened love. " Ned," lie said slowly to his brother, " we'll call in at the Frenchies fust, an' see if we kin hur somewhat o' lier—for twenty long years is a devil o' a while, Ned." At the Frenchman's they heard that which lightened their hearts considerably. Yes, old Marion Jackson, silent and melancholy, had but yesterday been past their place. She had a presentiment that they were near, and it was said that- at every sundown she wandered to the sliprails to look for her lads. The long-absent tears filled Jem's eyes. Every night of her life for twenty weary years. He tried to picture to himself the utter loneliness, hopelessnes, and desolation of it alL " We are her sous ; we're goin' to her," he said simply. "Good bless yer," said the woman. So they came to the figure at the old sliprails at eventide. " There, there !" cried Jim eagerly, peering through the growing dusk, " there she is aleanin' on the top panel, an' her face fixed like as it uster be when she'd look for father. Drive up, Ned. An' there's the stool yet, standiu' outside, an' the broom agin the door. An' there," disappointedly, " mother has turned her back an' is goin up the path ter the open door. She hasn't seen us." How still, how warm it was ; how silent, how eerie ! Farther away to the north often were mirages seen by the tired traveller, but not here. Jem jumped down eagerly- and drew out the top panels. Ned drove through and stopped. A little pet calf that was hanging around and rubbing its damp nozzle against the doorpost scampered away at their approach. Jem noticed that it had not long been fed. He pushed forward the more impatiently at that. " Mother ! mother ! mother !" he cried, stepping over on to the earthen floor. " We're cum home at last. Forgive us !" The silence of the little hut resounded the cry—only the gnats buzzed wearily. •' Mother !" he said more gently. Then he almost stumbled over something. And Ned, who was following hard upon hiin, stopped short. Jem struck a vesper and stooped down. " Oh, God !" he cried witii a great groan, " she's—she's—mother ! mother ! list ter me, hear me, speak to me !" But the water had gone past the mill, and stretched on the floor, clasping a little old faded suit in her arms, was a grey-haired, toil-worn, and patient woman, whom they in life called mother. That little suit ! The only outward and visible emblem to imperfectly convey to them what those long years had meant to her. Nothing and no one to tell what hopes and disappointments, what griefs and tears, what longing and despair. For, to the revelation of her faithful, lonely, and loving \igil, and their own tardy but sincere repentance, Death had effectually barred the way Î 