BOTTIES. Sister Agnes Morand, a native of Victoria, died in Goulburn Convent on Friday. ' '' ? A State boy, named Pilley, aged 13, was drowned in -the Ulwarree at Goulburn on Friday. An old resident of Bungendore, named William Sherd, sen., died suddenly on Saturday. Heavy rain set in at Launceaton (TasO last even ing, and appearances indicate & continuance. The southern coal trade was fairly active last week, and the coal exports were up to the average. Mr. B. R. Wise announced to the Full Court this morning his appointment as a Queen's Coun sel. ...- Sharks have been seen recently in the vicinity of Iron Cove Bridge, Leichhardt Park, ? and Ryde Bridge. The amount of stamp duty paid last week in res ptct of probate and letters of administration was £10,809 6s. A man named Wm. Burden, employed by the Rev. Robert Wilson of Heathcote, was found dead in bed yesterday. Senior-constable Carvell, for some years in charge of Carroll Police Station, died at Gunnedah on Sat urday night from Bright's disease. John Smith, 24, described as a diver, was ''sent up' for three months to-day, on a charge of hav ing insufficient lawful means of support. The New Zealand Parliamentary cession hoc closed, after lasting five months. The House sat on Sunday morning to finish the business. JVlrs. Mate, wife of the owner of Tumberumba Station, and the eldest sister of Mr. Ramsay, of the same place, died on Saturday morning. A Chinaman has been committed for trial in the northern territory on a charge of being concerned in the murder and burning of a fellowcountry man. John Moritz, aged 38, was drowned off St. Kilda (Vic.) on Saturday. He was out with four others in a pleasure boat, and slipped overboard during a squall. 'I am not quite guilty — I am only partly guilty,' pleaded one of the drunks at the Parramatta Police Court to-day. 'Three sheets in the wind,' suggested a solicitor. The Parramatta election was referred to at the Parramatta Police Court to-day, when an elector was fined for drunkenness and using obscene lan guage on polling day. ssjgj^. An extraordinary vacancy has occurred In the Eexley Ward of the Hurstville Municipality, through the resignation of Alderman C. H. Austin, on account of continued ill-health. A miner named James Buchannan was sentenced to a month's gaol at the Central Police thismorn ing for assaulting Constable Masters. He was under the influence of liquor at the time. The body of the man who was gored to death by a heifer at Gundagai on Friday has been identi fied as that of John O'Brien. His wife and four children reside at Grahamstown, near Adelong. On Thursday the Priemier ?will ask the House to give up the Tuesday sittings to Government business. Should members not prove agreeable, the Government will propose an extra sitting on Fridays. An octogenarian named P. Cunningham, -who has lived in the Singleton district continuously for the past fifty-eight years, died in the local benevolent asylum' on Saturday. He was a native of Ireland. A four-roomed house occupied by Mr. Lucas, a poultry farmer and gardener, situate near the Dee-why Lagoon, was totally destroyed by fire on Saturday. It was insured in the Mercantile Mu tual Office. 'What is your occupation?' asked the Parra matta P.M. to-day of a drunk. The man was at a loss to describe himself. A fellow-occupant of the dock helped him by remarking, 'He's an Irish man, your Worship.' The pilot stationed at Catherine Hill Bay re ported this morning that the tug Port Jackson, the barque Hannah Nicholson, and the three masted schooner Handa Isle were ashore three miles to the south of the bay. Rear- Admiral Pearson, on Saturday, inspected the Victorian turret ship Cerberus and the torpedo ?depot. He exipressed eatisfa'etion at the efficiency of the men, and referred specially to the excel lence of the torpedo manoeuvres. A concert in aid of the Newport Cricket Club was held at the Newport Hall on Saturday. Items were rendered by Mr. G. Brock, Mr. R. A. Sten nett, Mr. and Mrs. Greig, and Mr. Sinclair. Mr. Stennett presented a bat to the club. The N.Z. Parliamentary Committee of inquiry found that there was no truth in the allegations of Mr. Hutchinson against the Premier (Mr. Seddon), and, after a heated debate, it was decided that they should be expunged from 'Hansard.' A child named Pye met with a horrible death at Wellington (N.Z.). While the mother was hanging out clothes the little one got on top of a boiler of hot water. The lid tilted,' and the child fell in and was scalded to death. A large bush'fire, that at one time looked to be dangerous, was raging in the Quarantine Grounds on Saturday and Sunday. On Baxurday evening., passengers to Manly by the boats had a splendid view of the blaze amid the scrub on the heights. In order to cope with the large amount of traf fic on the Rose Bay tramway, the Railway Com missioners are- laying an additional loop. This will permit an extra car to be uped, which 'Will enable the authorities to run a five-minutes' ser vice. For playing at an unlawful game, to wit, 'Yan- kee skittles,' in George-street, on Saturday, two men named Wm. Lore and Robert Strong were, at the Central Police Court to-day, ordered to be imprisoned in the cells for eight hours' salutary treatment. The libel action of Toddy and Knight v. Vosper, proprietor of the 'Sunday Times,' Perth (W.A.), ended on Saturday in the disagreement of the jury, who were discharged. The defendant paper aJleged that plaintiffis had supplied inferior pro visions to Fremaintle Gaol. On Saturday afternoon Messrs. Hardie and Gor man held a sale of land on the Horasby Junction Estate. Half-acre blocks sold at .from 10s to 15s per foot, and several acre blocks at £100 per acre. A special train from Milson's Point took tne buy ers and visitors to Hornsby Junction. James Ryan, licensee of the Young Australian Hotel, Regent-street, Redfera, was taken to the Sydney Hospital by the CiviJ Ambulance Brigade last night, suffering from a wound ia the throat. The injury, which -svas apparently caused by a small penknife, is not a dangerous one. Great anxiety is felt at Hobart (Tas.) regarding the safety of the steamer Kawatiri, which left ?that port on the 2nd Instant for Strahan, and did not arrive to time. She had thirty passengers aboard, and muot have experienced the full force of the gale on Wednesday night and Thursday. The' B.T.b.-jST. Company's ' steamer Duke of Nor folk tak&s; £75,000 worth of gold from Brisbane (Q.). This includes specimens of retorted gold from the Brilliant Mine at Charters Towers, valued at £21,047, for the Queensland exhibit at the Greater Britain Exhibition, Earl's Court, London. A rumor having been circulated that the Pre mier has offered the Attorney- Generalship to Mr. Barton in the event of Mr. Want retiring, owing to ill- health, Mr. Barton states: 'I have not re ceived any information about such a proposal, nor have I any reason to suspect that such a proposal will be made.' A , curious shooting accident happened in the park lands, Adelaide, on Saturday afternoon. Four citizens were driving through, when one of -them — Mr. A. Adamson — was shot in the back of the neck. Two lads were seen running away with a: saloon rifle, but were overtaken by cyclists, and .their names obtained. Fortunately none o-f the shots penetrated beyond the skin. Our Bombala correspondent writes; Not quite a year ago, Mr. Montgomery, of Cathoart, obtain ed 200 trout from the Fisheries Department. He placed some of them in a pond near his house, and saw no more of them until a month ago, when at times they would jump out of the water. The late rains washed some of them out in a tall cacti. These were lOin long, and Aiilb in weight. Our Singleton correspondent writes: During the week the lad Alexander Edwards, who made such a heroic effort to. save his brother from drowinlng, was presented with a silvef medal, fofwardedf for this purpose, by the Legion of Honor an connection with Jhe publication known as 'The Boys' and Girls* 'Own Paper.' -Young Edwards wJa6;&lso; the recipient of a Royal Humane Society's medal a few weeks ago. ^.a '.' \- The barmie. Fairport, bound from New Ifofk hi Japan, arrived at Port Adelaide bo Saturday in a disabled condition...' She .was struck, by a hugs wave while running before a gale, and fit. Lawer son was washed overboard. The captain was com pelled to throw overboard. «afgo, including -3000 cases - kerosene, to right, the vessel' and this is doubtless the wreckage which : the - Pott ; Denisoa recently reported having passed tnrough. , TattersaU's Sandhurst C., 50tti Novr., ,100,000 At 5\. Care Geo. Adams, Hobarti-M). ' ' '?'?'? ? ? ? ? ? ??*'?? .'.' 