THE CAMP AT WANDINONG By Ethel Turner. CHAPTER V. But the report soon spread round the camp. "Newcombe's Dorrie's taken her boots an' stockins," announced Wilkinson's Ann, "an' it's middle o' summer." The men could hardly believe it. " P'raps she's bin down the creek at the mud hole, an' saw black on her legs," suggested Adams. Ann's eloquent answer was " What 'ye givin' us ? I've felt of them," she added. " They're black cottin, and the boots have toecaps an' laces an' all." " Well I'm darned," said Adams, " the poor little cuss won't like that." " Go slow with that langidge," called Jones, " here they come." Peterson's eyes went out sympathetically to the small advancing figure. Bert had told him how the " six and frepence" had been spent, and how loathly the things were to his sister. " Why, Dorrie," he said, encouraging heartiness in his tone. Dorrie's flush was deep and dark. " You let me alone," she said. " Why, they suit you first-rate, little 'un," said Jones. " I b'leeve in them myself for gals - wot are you troublin' for ?" " They're real handsome," said Adams ; " what's she grumblin about ? Why they want covering up, Dorrie - they was such thin, shabby little legs. If they'd been like Bert's, now " Dorrie began to dig away with her pickaxe. " Don't trouble," she said, " I heard you quite plainly." 'Don't set her agin 'em,' Peterson said. Let's gammon we all like 'em.' Well, I just hate people gammoning." That made them silent ; none of their wits were sharp enough to devise any reply, so they merely washed with great solemnity. " Le's play V'ginia," said Bert, seeing the men began presently to talk among themselves and of their own affairs. But Dorrie was petulant, and resented being taken no more notice of. " She was the idioticest girl I ever heard of," she said ; " if my father offered to take me out for a little walk, and then began mumbling all those things, and stopped and kissed me and said goodbye for no reason at all, I'd just clear away as hard as I could, 'specially if we'd just passed a butcher's where a knife was lying round." " A whittle," Bert said dreamily. But the men all laughed as Dorrie had intended they should. " Ear, 'ear," cried Adams. " Where ?" said Dorrie, looking innocent. But he took her up smartly, this time. " Right 'ere, my darlin'," he said ; " come out 'ere, will you ? It's better washin' sand than digging on the bank ; you'll only make a one-horse gole mine there." Peterson gave him a poke with his dish. Jones's mate told him to shut up for a - long pause - stupid idiot. Adams found the effect of his careless speech was to make Dorrie sit instantly down on the ground and whip off one boot and stocking. Peterson looked quite distressed. " Don't do it, little party," he said, "she's trustin' you not to." Dorrie poked out a pert little tongue at him. " Hold your tongue, great-grandfather Peter," she said, " shove up that flat stone, Adams." Adams rubbed his microscopic nose in a perturbed fashion. He had only meant to tease her by showing a booted and stockinged young lady might no longer rush into the creek at all ; he had no thought of stirring up mutiny. " Better not," he said, " better not, old woman." Dorrie was down at the water's edge, her booted foot on land, her bare one splashing in the mud-mixed water. " If you don't give me the stone I shall get the boot wet and then it'll be your fault," she said. Adams took an undecided step in her direction. But Jones held him back. " She's bein' disybedyent," he said. " Don't 'ave no truck with 'er," said Jones's mate, turning his back and washing very industriously. " For shame, Dorrie," said Peterson, "an' her trustin' you like she does ; sit you down and put that stocking on." " Oh, will I !" said Dorrie. Excitement was in her eyes." Who are you talking to ? Think I'm going to do as you tell me ? Darn you, Peterson ; hang you Adams and the two Jones's, I'm not going to knuckle in to you anymore. Bert, get in at once and push that stone up." Bert had a very wholesome terror of Dorrie in this mood ; he stretched instantly through the water and began to pull at the stone indicated. " Be a man, Bertie," Peterson said, " don't you go obeying her when she's wrong-doing." But Bert only looked at him plaintively. " I think I'll have to," he said, and tugged it up. Dorrie's boot descended on it, it kept high and dry, the bare ankle gleamed in the little pool of clearness till the mud rose and hid it from sight. For nearly an hour she stood there and washed ; she sent Bert back home for her tin dish and a request to be trusted with the gravy strainer. He returned with both, but the men, secretly glancing from time to time, were glad no gleam nor speck of brightness came to reward her naughtiness. No one spoke to her ; Peterson told them all, quite fiercely, that if they had any regard for the hard-working, brave little lady up in the hill hut, none of them would take any notice of her at all. So, though Jones's mate was tempted sorely from time to time, they all sternly refrained and worked steadily away, talking but little even to themselves, and that little with careful attention to their adjectives. Wilkinson's Ann stayed to laugh and incite for a short time ; but the two babies she was in charge of grew restless, and she moved off with them. Bert galloped sadly about the banks. He made seven separate attempts at play - he was a white charger, a knight, young Icilius, Marmion, Peterson droving, Jamieson, Julius Caesar - but the salt had gone out of everything. " Oh, I frink you might s'op now, Dorrie," he pleaded, when he could instil no life or joy or action into even Jamieson. " Oh, I am so misrubble." But Dorrie worked steadily on, a ludicrous, small figure, with her well-clothed, natty leg carefully preserved in state on the stone, her other, brown, be-bitten, scratched, planted firmly in the water, and aching con- siderably by reason of its position. " She never told me not to take it off ; I'm not disobedient at all," she said, Just after Bert's appeal. " Keep your boots and stockings on," she said, " but never, don't even take one off, Dorrie." Up their sleeves the men smiled at her specious lameness. Peterson knew that since she was making justification for herself, the beginning of her repentance was not far off. " Bert," he said. Poor little Bert stood at attention instantly. " We're going further down - would you like to come ? I might think of a yarn or two." Would he like to come ? Bert would have followed anyone to the world's end ; he would have bartered away his soul, if he realised he had such a thing, with the lure of a yarn before him. Such a glad, eager rush into the creek he made ; the startled water flew upwards everywhere. " Mind your nice suit," said Peterson. " Why, its your other one, isn't it ? How's that ?" Bert was repentantly recollective in a moment, and brushed away the water marks with anxious fingers. " I wasn't frinking," he said ; " and Smallest told me to be careful. Will it come off, Peter ? I have to wear this one always, now ; the old one bursts every time I put it on, and Smallest can't mend it any more." " I'll tuck you up," said Peterson ; " the water's deeper along here." And he stopped and rolled the little knickerbockers far up the sturdy thighs. " Dorrie !" said Bert, suddenly, "oh, poor, poor Dorrie - oh, Peter, we've forgotten Dorrie." " No, we haven't," said Peterson ; " not a bit of it. She's a real bad little girl today, and we've got to learn her." He took a step or two, Bert close at his heels. The other men were already fifty yards up the creek, and Dorrie, standing alone on her rock in the midst of the water, looked a very forlorn, small girl, indeed. " Peterson," she called, when it forced itself upon her that the expression of his back was resolute. There was a very faint note of suing in the call. " Oh, Peterson," cried Bert, " listen, she's calling, and she's sorry now. Do be nice, won't you. Peter ?" " No," said Peter, " she's a real bad little thing." And his heart was quite aching to run back, lift her off her rock, take off the hateful footgear, and let her wade joyously. " I'm sure she'll never do it again," Bert said, with optimistic fervour." " Pet-er-son," called the small voice, the pride in it almost gone. " Oh, I say, Peterson." " Well ?" called Peterson, not turning but stopping a moment in his walk " You're not going to leave a fellow like this, are you ?" " Well, are you going to keep these boots on ?" Peterson's tone softened, so forlorn was the spectacle of his little friend. " Both ?" said Dorrie miserably. " Always ? I'm sure even Smallest can't expect me to keep both on." " Now, are you sure ?" said Peterson. " Straight griffin, Womany, do you think that's what she means ?" Dorrie dabbled her wet toes unhappily. " I'll put them on now," she said, " but no making me say "honour bright," Peterson." Peterson shook his head. He knew the value with Dorrie of instant operation when the iron was hot. " Stick them on, small one," he said ; "you're idling my time. And mind, it's a hard and fast promise, less the lady gives you leave, never a bit of leg are we to see." Dorrie was on the bank engaged in the most melancholy task of lacing on again the cast-off boot. " What a bully you're getting, Peter," she said morosely. Peter smiled encouragingly at her. " We'll wait quite close to the bank," he said. " I'm goin' a mile down. There's a nice bit of stuff there we've got our eye on to wash, and I'll pitch you a yarn all the way." " 'Bout diggings ?" " Is it ' honour bright' ?" " Do you think I could lie down on my face on the bank and lean over the wash ? Like Wilkinson does ?" " Mayhap. 'T least, is that your other frock you've got on ? It's muddy down there." " No, it's only this one, Great-grandmother Peter." " Is it ' honour bright,' Dorrie ?" " Oh, come on. Adams and the Jones lot'll get all the best of it. Is it black sand ? Did you dig for it at all, or was it on top ?" Peterson smoked and strode along. Dorrie had to run quite sharply along the rough bank to keep pace with him, and Bert was left yards behind. She criticised him from her eye corners as she hastened. " Did you ever get married, Peterson ?" she said at last. " Have you got any children ?" The question put him off his guard. His negative was quite a sorrowful one ; he heaved a most prodigious sigh. " Why ?" he asked. " I was thinking," said Dorrie, " how awfully glad they must be they never came. You'd have given them an awful time of it, Peter." "Is it honour bright ?" repeated Peter " I'm not going to keep talking to you, 'less." " Don't know that I want to talk much ; to an old maid," was Dorrie's nonchalant answer. Peter diverged to the middle of the creek ; it had widened considerably, and conversation at such a distance would be painful. " Oh, honour bright," she said, resignedly " come on back, Peter - tell's about the time your chum, Mugginson, found the nuggets at Wooronora." Peterson came back. CHAPTER VI. Twice within four days Evan came home at 6 o'clock, and there was no tea ; such a thing had not occurred before in all the years they had been at Wandinong. The first time when he came in Mary was sitting in the little living room, one of Dorrie's new stockings in her hand. But all the time she had sat there not once had her darning needle passed across the knee chasm that so urgently needed attention. Evan looked first surprised, then, as he glanced again at the table where the children's lesson books and a pile of mending still lay, his expression changed to a somewhat injured one. The day had been fiercely hot ; it was early February, and, as though the sun at that period was not enough to bear, together with the four-months-old drought, bushfires had begun to rage in all the district around Wandinong, and the air was chokingly thick and oppressive. A dull smoke mist hung on the hills to the south and east, to the west and north the fires could be seen, glowing red at night, pale sheets and tongues of flame in the day. Hardly a man in the camp was at work ; up and down the creek, wherever a tree flung any shade, they lay on their backs, with their hats over their eyes, and their pipes, mostly out, just in their lips. Jones's mate owned a thermometer ; when he told them it registered 120deg. in the shade they felt justified in their idleness. But Evan had worked in his dogged way the whole day long ; he never allowed himself a holiday. Twice he had almost given in, and gone to a few feet of gray shade that stretched temptingly adjacent, but the thought of Mary's life urged him on again, as it always did. For the last month he had given up washing ; he had found that only by ceaseless work at it from Monday morning to Saturday night could he give Mary enough to keep the miserable little home from falling apart. So once more he tried pegging out a claim, and digging away at the mocking earth in the hope of wresting some little piece of it's hidden treasures away. He had managed to put a little box of dust aside, however, some months ago, for a rainy day, and Mary had said she would contrive to make the unwilling ends of this month's expenses meet with it, so that he might have a few clear weeks for his new operations. But even he had no very clear idea how he had struggled through that terrible day ; only for the increased heap of soil and stones flung out on his claim he could almost have believed he had lain in a stupor all the hours since breakfast time. Across the flat, bare lands he dragged his weary limbs ; but for a few thin lines of smoke rising behind the scattered tents he could have imagined the whole camp had been suddenly deserted. There was no smoke line on his own hill top, but that was not remarkable, for Mary, these fierce days, cooked in the earliest morning, and made a careful study of keeping things as cold as possible for dinner. Evan thought gratefully of the cool drink she would meet him with ; his burnt, aching eyes tried to refresh themselves with momentary mental vision of the little table with its coarse, white cloth and fresh fern decorations ; its food as temptingly cooked and dished as circumstances would allow. But when he entered Mary seemed still darning, and the little room was in uninviting confusion. She did not even spring up to meet him, put her dear face up for his kiss, welcome him, soothe him, try to smooth the day's troubles away with loving fingers. He could never before remember this omission. True, there were days and days when he hardly seemed to notice her welcome, barely returned her kiss, answered shortly, irritably, and silenced instantly the children's chatter. But Mary would never know the intense appreciation he had of it. When he came in this night and she made no movement, he stood and stared at her. She started at his footsteps like one awakening from a dream, and hurriedly begun to run her needle to and fro across the rent her hand showed through. But she spoke no word at all. " I'd better go and wash myself, I suppose," he said at last heavily. She started again and looked at him strangely. " What ?" she said. " I said I'd go and wash," he repeated. " Oh," was all she said. He went to the poor little bedroom with a strange chill at his heart. Even when he came back in his alpaca coat, and with all traces of the soils of the day removed, she had not stirred to prepare the meal. " Is there no tea, Mary ?" he said, after another strange silence lapse. " Tea ?" she repeated dully. Then darning away again with great rapidity, " I have given the children theirs ; they have gone to play for a little time." " You would like me to get my own ? It was too hot for you, Mary ?" " Too hot," she assented. She leaned right back in her corner, and let her hands lie idle. He went away into the small, lean-to kitchen, and after a little time kindled a fire and set the kettle on. Only that he knew his system urgently required refreshment he would not have attempted it ; but illness was an evil he dare not dream of facing. So he drank tea, and ate a slice or two of the soda bread dry ; there seemed nothing else in the box safe. But the food almost choked him ; there was an icy hand at his heart, fear, absolute fear, made his hand tremble till it could not hold the cup. " She has given up," he said—" Mary— given up." A blankness like death walled him in. Mary, who had chirped and laughed, and made jokes through all these bitter years, who had plucked up his own failing courage a hundred times, who had worked from dawn till dark, fought the world with those brave little hands of hers, shed no tear or pain when it flung her, spun, wonderful sunshine into her children's lives—Mary, given up ; sitting in the living room, looking straight before her, her hands lying idly clasped on her knee. Something like terror seized him ; he saw the world as a strange hell ; he trembled for his own soul, for the souls of Dorrie and Bert. Stumbling feet carried him to her ; he fell on his knees beside her ; he clasped her waist ; his head was on her breast. "For God's sake, Mary," he said, "don't give up." She seemed to wake from torpor - this dear head on her breast ; these straining arms ; this voice with agony like death in it ; they were her husband's. " Darling," she said - she stroked his thick hair uncertainly - " Darling" ; then she leaned back and seemed to forget him. " Christ !" he said. He seemed like a man in the suffocation of drowning ; he hurt her with his arms, his heart leaped against her like a mad thing. " Don't give up - a little time, Mary - just a little time longer - help me, my wife - cry to Him, beseech Him, force it from Him." His hands sprang suddenly into the air, his face in its contortion of passionate pain lifted itself, and still the burnt eyes stared fiercely at the tent fly. " Lord God of the world," he said, " Give us gold - Christ of the earth ; now, now, now." She did her best to calm him ; she loosened his arms' fierce grip ; she smoothed his hair ; she drew his head to rest on the quiet of her breast. And "Evan," she said - " Darling - nothing matters - why are you like this ? We have each other - hush, don't ask like that." They clung together till the last light in the room died out beneath the warping door flap. And neither of them spoke one other word. CHAPTER VII. The next day there was some kind of a tea ready. But the salt in the potatoes had been forgotten, there were no ferns, and though lettuces grew green in the garden, Mary had not attempted the salad she almost always made. And the next day still, just as Evan stepped out of his earth works to boil his midday billy, he saw Bert running over the ground to him. " Smallest's so funny," he said, a sob of terror and spent breath in his voice, "won't you please come home ?" Evan began to run ; the little home was almost a mile away. When he had gone a few steps he turned back and seized Bert's hand. " Come," he said, " run hard." Bert did his best, but his father forgot the extreme shortness of his legs, and urged greater speed. " Tell me," he demanded, " everything - quick." " She's sitting in the kitchen," gasped the boy, "an' she won't speak, an' when she does she says such silly things." He stopped to draw breath, and Evan lifted him in his arms and ran with him, questioning all the time. " How long's she been like this ?" was his final question. " Since breakfast, I frink," said Bert, and burst into a fit of crying : " She's not washed up yet." Then Evan dropped him to the ground again, and ran on alone. And now he knew the fresh evil that had overtaken him - Mary was ill, ill - she must have been struggling against it for days - it was fever, perhaps - no doctor within miles - what woman in the place to help ? Wilkinson's wife, perhaps, if sober. How to cool water for her head ? How to keep the blazing sun off the roof ? Mary was ill, ill. He almost fell through the kitchen door way. Mary looked at him piteously. " I'm only a very little ill," she said. Dorrie's brown face was oddly pale, but her hands were working capably as Mary's own. " I've made the bed, Father," she said. " Hadn't you better carry her in ? I've got a fire if you want water. Henderson, who halves with Gaffney, got to be a doctor all but his last exam., ten years ago - shall I fetch him ?" She sped off hatless through the sun at his nod ; it was relief to know of even such questionable help as that at such a time. Then he turned to Mary and lifted her into his arms. "My Smallest," he said, great tenderness and strength in his voice \- he had even overcome the trembling of his lips. " Only a very little ill," she murmured, then her head drooped forward helplessly, and she slipped away from conscious speech for weeks. When Dorrie told the sorrowful news quite a shadow fell over Wandinong. Evan had never been popular among the dwellers in the place ; he never spoke an unnecessary word, never smoked or drank with them ; went direct to his own home the moment the light grew too faint for work. Half of them fancied his reserve was due to the pride of education and the memory of softer days. These actively disliked him. The other half thought him soured, joyless, and felt sorry for the merry children. But the very sight of Mary's thin little figure was a pleasure to them. Hardly a man in the camp but had some story to tell of her ready help and sympathy. She had shown Wilkinson's wife and Jones's mate and Gaffney's daughter how to make a delicious stew out of the scraggiest ends of mutton. When Jones had fever and his mate was nursing him, she lent cool pillow cases for the burning head, made toast water daily, and beef tea for the convalescent. Adams attempted to commit suicide once ; when she heard of it and the failure, and saw him shamedly pegging out new ground as far as possible from his smiling fellows she went with the children for a walk next day and got to know him. Years ago she had learnt he had been an engine-driver, with a wife and a little one. His spare time had always been filled tending the small garden strip at his cottage : the flower worship and the little home made his harsh life green. But the wife had slipped her hand from out of his and drink's octopus fingers seized him instead ; before the painful red of her grave was toned to brown and green he felt himself cast out of the service for a carelessness that had almost wrecked a train. The little one, after several years' neglect, was sent with a draft of other street lads on to the Sobraon ; braon ; Adams drifted to the goldfields, and later to barren Wandinong. He found himself the day after he had not committed suicide talking to Mary about dahlias, single and double ; about cosmea and its weed-like upspringing ; about the beauty of the hollyhock. He was amazed to find that after seven years names and colours and modes of growth still held a place in his memory. The next week found him digging and weeding in Mary's garden every evening ; she had admitted she found it heavy work. When the cabbage rows were thinned, and the carrots hoed, the peas neatly staked, the ink weeds separated from the geraniums and chrysanthemums, then he felt all the pleasurable glow of the kindly helper ; and before the winter had fairly gone from the earth, August's uncertain days saw a garden springing round his own blackened tent. Sometimes it occurred to him now with surprise and shame that three years' back he had lifted his hand against himself. And now Mary was ill ! When Dorrie spread the woeful news there fell a tear from his watery eye. " Well, well," he muttered, turning aside to dig again, and Dorrie considered him unsympathetic because he had not stopped work. Peterson's hand shook. " There ought to be a doctor fetched," he said, " from Young. I've nothing to do." Dorrie's throat swelled. " Smallest made me promise not," she said, " Just before she was very ill. He costs two pounds ten— don't you remember when Gaffney nearly pegged out ; they got him. And we've only got one pound and fourpence." " And firteen and frepence, Dorrle, in Smallest's matchbox," added Bert ; " free and frepence in really money, and 'bout ten shillings dust. Don't you frink, Peterson, he'd come for one pound firteen and fre- pence—for Smallest." Peterson said, with much vigour and forgetfulness, he'd " blow the beggar's brains out if he didn't." He flung his spade down, said he wasn't going to stand Henderson tinkering at her, and started straightway to walk the twenty- five miles to Young, calling himself fierce names all the way because four years ago he had drunk away that pile of notes shearing had made, and bereft himself of the power to say, " Leave the doctor to me ; I'll settle his account." Jones made his noble offer in his usual grunting way. He said he would leave half- a-gallon of drinking water behind the kitchen every morning. And this, in drought time, when the creek waters were foul, and clean stuff fit to drink a shilling a gallon, or two miles to carry It. " Needn't let yer pa know on it," he added ; " mightn't like it—takes no stock of me." His mate was poorer, less athletic. " I'll leave a quart," he said ; " it'll come in, bathing 'er 'ed and all." " When she ain't delarrlous," said Adams, " just tell her there's a cove goin' to keep her garding spick an' right till she's round agin. She'll worrit horrid at a night 'bout them young peas bein' spiled." To Be Continued. 