DISTRICT NEWS. FBOK otra CoEitEapoNDBSTS AND EXCTTINQB3. BYRON BAY. Nov. 17. Durr weather hangs over ns with great persistence. Grass is fast becoming parched up, and many of the tanks for domcstio parpases are giving ont. . At the meeting of the nommitteo appointed to raise fondu for tho Lismore Hospital, the Treasurer, Mr. Brown, "produced returned sabsnription lists, showing tn nt over £36 had been collected in and around Byrop Bay. This was oonsidered highly sntisfaotorv. and a vote of thanks was nocorded Mrs. M. M'Lean. Mrs. H M'Loan, Mrs. Williams, and Mini King for their enoriry. The snocess of th« collection was undoubtedly owing to . those ladies. Tho Treasurer was also thnnkod for tho no li re part he took in tho movement. Tho money is to be forwarded to tho Treasurer of the Lismore Hospital at once, and with subsidy will give over £70 to your institution. At tho monthly meeting 'of the direotors of the local co-operative Creamery Company the sum bf £G200 wai passed for payment to snppliers and j others. The amount of batter turned.nut for the ! month ending 27th October-, was 80 tons, and tho price paid for butter for the same time was 7jd for Al and 7d for No 1. Pork was paid for at the rate notified last meeting, viz., Al pork 3}d. No. 1 3d, and sooond class 2J per lb. In this brunch there has been a considerable increase recently, ns 131 pigs wore killed at tho Company's yardB last .wnok, and Mr. Morrow,'; the bacon carer, states that since . the new cooling ohambers have been added to the establishment, he ann treat at least 200 per weok with perfect safety and aonvonieaoe. A second now ice tank and other apparatus in the form of pipes, etc., arrived per last steamer for this Company, and considerable improvements haye been added during the month;" ?. \\_?..»^---7 Our looal'orioketBrs'met'tbo 'Bnrringbar toam on the Byron'Bay wicket last Saturday, an'd suffered a. defeat on tho soore of time by abont six or seven rans. If our boys wore allowed to finish their sooond innings I would have to report the victory the other way, and a big soore .to tho credit of tho homo team. Tho long-promised telegraph operator, Mr. O'Connor, from, tho distant Bland, has arrived and entered on his duties. Mr. D. RussoII, who has been hero for some timo assisting' tho'postmaster until the arrival'of the new officer, now leaves for Ballina, and every person hero is sorry to lose one who has boon so obliging. By tho s.s. Electra there nrrived a number of Illawarra dniry cattle for this distriot. Mr. Collier, of Bansralow, had 24 head on board, which bad been scoured from the ' well known herd of Messrs Craig and Dudgeon, of Jamberoo. A yearling dairy bull also nrrived for Mr. T. Dovory, of Alston- ville, which he had purchased from Mr. Hugh Dudgeon, also of Jamberoo.-Times. 'The annual meeting of tho Lower Riohmond Caledonian ' Soatoty was held nt Stavort's Ballina Hotol on Tuesday night whan there Was a good afc- ' .tendance of mombers. Mr. T. Mnrtin (Vioo-Presi- dent) ocoupiod tho chair. The roport and balance sheet was adopted, and officers elected for tho ensuing year. It was decided to hold the usual gathering on the 20th January. The following are the lowest tenders opened at tho Court-houBO, Ballina,- on Monday, for various road contraots :-Contract IG, A. Day, £117 19s Cd ; 17; P. Slattery, £97 Ss; IS, P. Slattery, £224 19s Od; 19, John M'Kinnon, £44 15s Gd; 20; John Bauer, £02 10s ; 21, Thos. Winloy,'£31 9s; 22,. Patrick Higgins, £51 13s; 23, Patrick Higgins,"£98 39; 24, Richard Holmes, £114 IDs; 25, Richard Holmes, £13 19s; 20, Patrick Slattery, £30.-Tines. . The prospectus of the Ballina" Co-operative Re- frigerating Co., Ltd., has boen issued. Tho pro- posed capital is £5000 in 6000 abaros of £1. Alrondy over 1000 shares hayo boen applied for; Tho com any will bo deolared formed when 2000 shares have eon subscribed. Ballina Turf Club's annual race mooting is to bo hold on Boxing Day. The powder magazine at Ballina had a narrow escape from destruction last Sunday, the R. R. Times reports, owing to a large bushfire which broke out in close proximity to the magazine. A gang of men was got together and sent to remove the explosives to a place of safety, and none too soon, as shortly after the wind veered round and enveloped the building in clouds of sparks and smoke, causing the fire to almost encircle it. On Monday the fire burned fiercely in the vicinity. Twelve Ballina residents nra requirod at tho Syd- ney. Supreme Court next weok in connection with the libel notions Vidal v. Morgan, and Vidal v. Tomperloy. . Tho R. li. Herald says Mr. Wm. Gollan, of Woodburn, and Mr. .T. 0. Leigh, of Dungarubba, bave sold their sugar-mills to 'Queensland bnyors, who are busy dismantling thom, preparatory to their removal to that colony, where tho Kanaka flouriehoth and Froetrndo is unknown. ' ' The Australian Dairying . Company's Batter: Factory at Coraki is , to be openod on Wodnosday next. Tho opening is to be celebrated by a grand pionio. . . ''-'. '' ? . Tlie Tweed Advocate states that, at the request of Mr. Stook-Inspeotor Devlin, Mr. D. Hartigan, J.P., has seourod a number of cattle for tho purpose of initialing in -that distriot inoculation for tick fevor. Mr. Stowart who is at proaont ia Queens- land, will inoculate tho cattle on an oarly date, at some suitable spot near Murwillumbah. . Last Monday Mr. T. Bussell, Seorotnry.of the TS. S. Wales Sugar'industry Defence League was in- structed to send thefollowing wire to Mr. Perry : " Canegrowers oouBider financial statement satisfac- tory, and censure motion dangerous to their interests." ' * ? 