OUR LETTER BOX. Mary E. Cross, Charam. — Yes, you can be an associate now that you are over age, and we shall be glad .to hear from you occasionally. -m glad you are pleased with the book and certificate. A card will be sent- with the next issue, which will be "made in March. Aunt Connie. ' . . The BushFires Near Orbost.— Endeavor Farm, Newmerella, 25th January. — Dear Aunt Connie, — I am going to tell you about the bush fires which we have had about Orbost. About a fortnight ago the fires were raging on the hills at New merella, having travelled through the bush, all the way from Cunningham, a distance of about 36 miles. Nearly all the grass on the bills is burned, and several houses, about narrowly escaped being burned. The fires, were all about the back of the township of Orbost, and, although they were very close, they never entered the township. The fires have also visited Murrangowar, a dis- tance or about 20 miles from Orbost. Two houses out there were burned down, others being saved only with great diffi culty. The people tried in vain to save their things from the flames, and then made an effort to save their own lives. They went to a small patch which had been burnt that morning, and had to throw themselves on the ground to avoid suffocation. A horse, some fowls, pigs, calves, and turkeys were burned to death. One man took all his furniture, bedding, and clothing, arid put them down a dry well 30 feet deep, thinking his house would be burned down and that the things would be safe in the well, but some sparks having fallen into the well, the whole of the furniture was soon all burned up, while the house re- mained unhurt by the flames. The fires are still burning on the hills at the back of our house, but they cannot get to our house. There has not been much crop ping burned about Orbost, but there has been a lot of grass as well as several miles of fencing burned. One night last week the hills at the back of our house looked beautiful. Nearly every tree on one point was on fire, and the reflection aainst the sky looked very pretty. The fires were about half a mile from our house. Our new Presbyterian Church was opened on the 9th of January, and on the 11th an entertainment was held in the Mechanics' Institute, which was very good. The room was crowded to the overflow, and the songs and recita- tions were very nice, indeed. They made about L17 after all expenses were paid. I must close now with love to Uncle Ben, Cousins Connie and Florrie and yourself.— I remain, your affection ate niece, Elizabeth Answer. Better Than Ever It Was. — Buln Buln East, Gippsland, January 20th, 1898\. — Dear Aunt Connie, — I thought I would write a few lines to ask if you will allow me to become one of your many nieces. Father and Mother have been taking "The Weekly Times" twenty-two years, and they say it is better now than ever it was. We read the "Young Folks' " page and the stories, and we think they are very interesting. I have often been going to write, but I never have till now. I have only one sister, Ricka. She is older than I. We go to the Buln Buln East school, ahout three miles off. It is a beautiful place here. There are often concerts at the school, and there is Sunday school, and church is held every fortnight. There have been bush fires round about here, and some of them are not out yet. I are very glad the rain has come, for it will do a great deal of good. The Christ- mas holidays are nearly over now. Mo- ther says she is very glad. They call me Miss Mischief at home; but I don't know why; but they say because I am always doing some mischievous things. With love to Cousins Connie and Flor- rie. (I forgot to tell you, dear Aunt Con nie, that Florrie's birthday is the same as mine). "With love to Uncle Ben and yourself, I remain, your affectionate friend— Barbara M. Niemann. (We are glad your father and mother like "The "Weekly Times'' better than ever, and are glad to add you to our big family— Aunt Connie). Davie on Fire, Grasshoppers, and Swagmen. — Porcupine Ridge, January 19th, 1898. - — Dear Uncle Ben, — I should have liked very much to have come to Daylesford to see you, but a big bush fire broke out Tuesday afternoon, and all the Ridge people had to stop carting in their hay and go and put it out. There were watercarts going, and men cutting down trees with axes, and beating out with bushes, and even we boys found something to do carrying water to the men. Some ploughed round their stocks to protect them. . It was three days be fore it was safe to leave, but, fortunate ly, no houses were burnt. It was a magnificent sight to see the fire flying from tree to tree, but we were all glad when it was ended. It seems nothing in comparison with the Gippsland fires, but we thought it bad enough. The grasshoppers have eaten "everything in our, garden, from the borders of thyfne apple trees. They even tame indoors to see if there ' was anything green to finish up with. They, are liying on the furze fences and laurel hushes now. I do not think the swagman Cousin James Hurley wrote ahout conies this way. Ts it the wealthy swagman who .was taken up at the Trentham Police Court and had bonds for nearly L1G00 on him? There was. one who came here awhile ago, who looked as if he washed himself once a. year, and had his hair cut once in ten. He used to come to the door and say : "Tucker," and when he got it he. would go away without a word. So we christened him "Tucker." We boys helped father to cart in his two stacks of hay. ' Will and I took it in turns to load up the dray, and Walter crowed on the stack. The sheaves were heavy, and we were glad when' milking" time came, hut. we are proud of the stacks now. One day a snake dropped out of a sheaf on to Dad's boot, but he soon killed it. I wish the holidays were not over. I shall have to go back to school and peg away for a merit certificate. Louie says she would like to stay home all day and mind Hilda. Dear Uncle Ben, 1 hope you enjoyed your holidays, even though it was hot. With much love to Aunt Connie and all my Cousins, I remain, your affectionate nephew,— Davie Russell. P.S. — I have just read Beattie Boyle's letter. Tell her I don't think you were so far out in your guesses, for our pet gets every name from "Perfect Gem"' t'o: "Little Diamond. A Letter from Cousip Victor. — Es- perance, Picalar, January 23. — Dear Uncle Ben, — I am writing to ask if you would please send me a collecting card, any I will try to collect something for the Cot. I still read the paper, and see what a lot the children have collec ted from different parts. We have been having nice cool weather, but it has turned hot again to-day. The country around here is looking very dry, but we hope to have an early autumn! Wish ing you and Aunt Connie and our.Cou-- sins a happy new year, I remain, your affectionate nephew — Victor B. Shields. (A card will be sent, Victor, next month. Owing to the bush fires we do not intend sending out any hospital collecting cards during this month (February).— Uncle Ben.) A Visit to Melbourne. — Musk Creek, January 19. — Dear Aunt Connie, — Since I last wrote to you I have had a trip to Melbourne. As it was the first time I had been there I enjoyed it very much. My mother and I went down in - the excursion train. I did not stay very long. I went to the Eastern Mar ket, Altona Bay, Zoological Gardens, and Cole's Arcade. ' I went into Won derland. Dear Aunt Connie, have you SAAD illA VPI'iflfl" >n h bery at the Musk Creek railway station. It was on Monday, the 3rd of January, between three and four o'clock in the morning. Some men opened the office door with skeleton keys, and wheeled the fire-proof safe about foi-ty yards away from the office dooi\\_and tried to blow it open with dynamitebut as it was not a success they got nothing for their trouble. Some of the neighbors heard the report, but they thought it was some one out shooting, as it was holiday time, so they took no notice of it. As far as we know, no clue has been found to lead to their discovery. Miss Hoetsveld, who has been at Melbourne for some time, gave a Christmas tree to the Musk Creek Sunday school children. The tree was beautifully decorated with all kinds of toys. It was lit up with tweny fairy lights. They were al co lors. Dear Aunt Connie, if you will send me a collcting" card I will try and collect a little for the Cot. ' With love to Uncle Ben, Cousin Connie, and Florrie and yourself, I remain— May Stonebank Sugsdin. Little Sisters. — Strut hern, 27 Parsons street, Kensington, 17th Jan., 1898.— Dear Aunt Connie, — I have not written to you for a long time, but I still look forward for "The Weekly Times" to read the "Young Folks' " page. Some of the Christmas stories were very nice, espe cially The Heart of the Hills, or Hilda's Christmas Gift. Mother, who has not «eu, is going away for a change down to Port Fairy. My brother and two little sisters are going with her, and I am going to keep house for father. Millie, my sister,-" will be six years old in February. She is going to school after Easter. -I don't know what my darling little Zetta will do without her, as they are so fond of each other. Sep tember last, Zetta was three years old. She has got such darling little ways. We all hung our stockings up, and got them full. I got a pair of kid gloves, a music case, a basket with two bottles of scent in (Jockey Club and Butterfly), and a needle case. I got my certificate two years ago. I am in the higher fifth and am just thirteen. We are to have our cousin staying kith us all the win ter. 1 must, now close, still remain;"" with love to all, your loving uien» ' Irene A. Shields. — All the Trees Ablaze.— Rubv, 4«i, FeK ruary.— Dear Aunt Connie,— I thjnk j will write and tell you a little about the fires. There is a big fire not far from our place. We have most of our clothes packed up. The night before last all the trees were alight, and they were not far away. A person not far away from here, named Mr Trebbledoclc, was burnt out not long ago. All -that they saved were two trunks of clothes, and a sad die and bridle. We had -our school pic" -nic on Boxing Day, and a ball in the evening. 'As I have not seixt any Christ mas cards I will send you some poppy seeds, and also some Jacob Ladder seeds I am vrey sorry that I dd not send some cards to the poor, sick children. I got two nice prizes at, our Sunday school The first one is named Wapping Old Stairs, and the second is Faith's Fa rther. My oldest brother got a prize this year, named The Wonderful City. I am very pleased with my certificate Mother fixed it so that it would not get dirty. With best love to little Connie and Florrie, and not forgetting TTnc-le Ben and yo'urself. 1 remain your affec tionate niece, Renate Matthies. (Thank you very muc-h, dear, for the seeds. — Aunt Connie.) Driving Among Burning Trees.— Bena, 19th January; — Dear Aunt Connie, — I. write to return my collecting card, with LI 7s, which I have collected. I hope it will he a help to the children in the hospital. The country around here Is completely dried up with the heat. There have been tremendous fires in Gippsland. We have not suffered quite so much here as. in pther.parts, although it is bad enough. Several people around here have lost a lot of grass, and water is very scarce. We all hope the rain will come soon. When driving to Bena last Thursday my pinafore got on fire by the cinders from the burning trees. I was helping father catch some fowls last week, and I ran into ' barbed wire and hurt my eye. I am glad to say it is not seriously hurt, although it was pretty sore the first, two or three days. 1 shall be very glad when school begins again, for I am fond of learning. With love to Uncle Ben, cousins, and yourself, from A. M. Coster. Age, 10 years 9 months, 