ELEMINGTON TRAINING NOTES. Melbourne, February 1. A heavy sullen atmosphere, liberally charged with smoke, from bushfires, greeted early risers this morning. . Both the sand and tan tracks were in the best of order; W. Jordan was astir betimes, and he set the watches tick ing by sending Table Talk and Canoona a Gee long Cup gallop. They used thesand, andcovered a mile and a quarter in 2 min. 18"sec.; at least Table Talk did, for Canoona was a long way in the rear at the finish. Fleet Admiral was. not asked to go out of a slow. pace. He has made a lot of condition since his arrival from Adelaide, and he ' now looks ' himself.. Bloodstone and.Cicero concluded amore gentle pacing with an unextended brush over a few furlongs. Bloodstone's style of getting over the ground takes the fancy at. a glance, and he looks all right in point of condition. Vakeel and Viking were companions in a serviceable mile travelled in 1 "min. '52 sec. Neither being hurried to do it. Filgate's twp year-olds, Hephaestus and Carlotus,. did nothing of importance, nor did Staffa or Monarch. Staffa seems to be very hearty, and shows no signs of his spring soreness. Cardoman as usual was clear of Heretic at the end of six furlongs left behind by .the Gossoon colt in 1 min. 22 sec. Useful work was allotted Blue Vest "and Martini; while Interlude, with Chokebore to help him, ran the last mile ^ of a fair journey in 1 min. 51 sec. Ayrshire who had been on the lazy list for some days put. past a"half-mile very freely in 54 sec. Donalda, who has also been taking things quietly for a while, reappeared and was indulged in a canter. It took Safety 1 min. 23 sec. to get to the end of six furlongs, but he could have done better. Eiridsforde, Miraclutn, and Narioth essayed a mile together, the'grey being alone in front at the finish, but no time out of the way :was recorded. Eirids forde is progressing very nicely, in his prepara tion, and it should not be many weeks before he is ' ready again. "Alumium, with : ap parently only a feather-weight on her back, went a'great pace in beginning a run over aldng six fuflbngs on the tan. She, however, slowed down towards the end, and after doing five furlongs in 1 min. sec. the whole journey occupied 1 minv21i sec. This is very fast for the track, and if Alumium had finished better the gallop would then rank as a clipping good one. Her stable mdte Jack Horner tried the same task, taking a second longer than Alumium. Orlara left a mile in the rear in 1 50 sea," and Beau Brummel was running over TheJjover at'the end of five furlongs on the sand iff l'min. G sec. 