NEWS Of THE DAY. The Town Connell will meet to-day. To-day the third test match will commence at Adelaide. There will be a apecial theatre excarsion to Melbourne this afternoon, . " T°wn ” will ba played for the last time at the Academy to night. This month threatens to be memorable for disastrous bush-fires-in Victoria. Influenza is again very prevalent through out the colony. A serions rise in the prices . of fruits, vegetables, and provisions is threatened owing to the heat. Large quantities of chaff and oatß are being advertised for in the Nhill district. The hot weather has reduced the level of Tower Hill Lake by 3 feet. Owing to the prolonged drought in the M«unt Browne district, N.S.W., all mining: ie at a standstill. Police Trooper Stephen Skepper, of Korong Vale, died from drinking while in a heated condition. A shipment nf gold comprising 3500 oz arrived from West Australia by the steamer Marloo. A harvester at Joyce’s Creek died from drinking too freely of water whilst at work in the hot sun. Upwards of 200 persons travelled by the- Wilson Barrett excursion train from Bendigo' to Melbonrne. The mayor of Hobart has already received upwards of £BOO towards the relief of Buf fer rs from the bush fires, A snm of £13,541 wbb put through the totalisator on Auckland Cup Day, this being an increase of over £6OO on the correspond ing day of last season. Asa result of the long-continued dry weather the water in the Natimnk lake is becoming so shallow that the fish, in which the lake abounds, are dying in scores. The exceptionally hot weather recently experienced has altered the aspeot of the ' oniony, and pastures everywhere present a dried up appearanoe. The Australian starting machine having been successfully tried at Maison Lafitte, in France, is, according to latest files, to be given a trial on an Italian racecourse. Figures just compiled by the Statistical Sooiety give the amount of money in the Savings Bmk and similar institutions in the world at £1,400,000.000. The United Kingdom has £247,000,000 laid away in small savings. Italy has occupied Rsketta, in Somali land, East Africa, where Bhe already holds a large territory. This Btep has forestalled the action of Russia, which intended to take possession of the place. The quantity of wheat and flonr afloat for the United Kingdom shows an increase of 60,000 qoarters since laßt week, bat the quantity afloat for the Coutiueut shows a de crease of 40,000 quarters. Duriag the past 12 months the N.S.W. stamps office collected revenue amounting' to £364,593, of which £180,464 is represented by probate doty. Over eight and a half million oheques were stamped during the year by the office. The grasshopper plagne has done a tre mendous amount of damage at Springfield and Darraweitgnim, stripping fruit trees even of their bark, whilst maize and green atnff are literally eaten clean oat. George GiSen’s “ With Bat and Ball,” being 25 years of Anatralian and Anglo- Australien orioket, will arrive io the oolonies at the end of Janaary. It will con sist of about 312 pages, including 64 pages of portraits, &o.; The total valne of the exports of gold, silver, oopper, and ores from Tasmania for the year 1897 is £919,519, against a total of £616,320 for the previous year, au increase of £303,199 beiDg shown. The parrot trouble has probably never been so bad iu Victorian orchards as at the present time. The bush fires have been largely instrumental in driving these and other birds southward, and coastal growers 1 especially are consequently plaaed in any thing bat an enviable position. During the late disastrous bush fires in Tasmania the Rev. Father Holehan, Roman Catholic priest of Longley, lost his bouse and oburob, and nearly bis life. When his obnroh oaught fire he tried to save the sacred vessels, but was unsuccessful, and in the at tempt was himself burued. During the extreme heat lately Mortlake was visited by myriads of green parrots, and beetles were iu millions, swarming iu different places like bees. A horseman was attacked so vigorously that he had to dis mount to attend to himself, while the hnrse iu its terror took to rolling about to free itself. A.woman disguised bb a man arrived in Oonlah, N-S. W. t a few days ago, and went to Kernny'a hotel, where she died on Mon day morning. Her sex was not discovered until (he body was beiog prepared for inter ment. The deceased had been in the em ployment of Mr M‘Master, of Binnia station,, as conk fnr the men for the past two years, and went by the name of Frederiok Wilson- Dnring this time her Bex was never dis covered. A fire at the Cornwall coal mine, Tas mania, oauaed by the burning bash des troyed the manager’s house, office, Btable, and brake- bonee. Men working in the mine narrowly escaped suffocation. A number of farms in the vioinity of the mine are now in great jeopardy. The fires aroond Monnt Wellington are still causing anxiety, and constant watchfulness against disaster is neoesßary. From many parts of the island news comes of destructive fires, and until rain falls the danger will continue. The New Sonth Walea loan of £1,500,000; of 3 per cent., realised on an average £lOO Ss 4d, a premium of £1 8i 4d on the mini mum. The general public have absorbed the bulk of the loan. Oat of the total sub scriptions, amounting to £3 908,400. syndi cates tendered for £1,175,000 at £lOO 3s 6d, and £525 000 at £lOO 0s 6d. Tenderers at £lOO 3s 6d received only 31 per cent, of the amonnts applied for; above that price in full. According to the S.A. Hegister the most remarkable feature of Tuesday's play at Adelaide "was the bowling nf Giffen, the captain, who took the ball when 39 runs had been made off him, and remained at the crease until he had given away 116 rnns. For a time he bowled well; bat wonld any other bowler have been kept on so long ? If he had had no Jones in the team, or If Reed man had not proved so useful, the captain's policy might have been explicable. In the circumstances no one oonld understand hit judgment—or want of it,” James Corbett, ex-ohamyion boxer of tbs world, who was defeated by Fitzsimmons, the New Zealand boxer, has, an Amerioan telegram states, offered to give Fitzsimmons 3500 dot. (£700) tf he will again fight him to a finish, undertaking to pay that snm whether he beats Fitzsimmons or the latter again vanquishes him. Some remarkably fine cod, tront, and perch have been hooked in the Yarra from Heidelberg to Abbotsford this season. Mr Arthur Sill this week secured two magnifi cent cod at Heidelberg, one weighing 16J lb and the other 19 lb. The first he disposed nf for 10s, which sum he has donated to the Anstin Hospital for Incurables, Mr Harold Finney and a companion on Monday booked 40 perch, ranging np to 11; lb in weight, also at Heidelberg. At Abbotßtord, in the vioinity of Dight’s Falls, English tront have been canght this season as follows:—One, 6£ lb in weight, by Mr Haddock; one, 6i lb, by Mr Le Misnrier; one, 6 lb 3 oz, by Mr P. Halfpenny; and many others from 4J lb to 2| lb and under. A few nice perch bave been taken in the same plaoe daring the past fortnight. 