THE i rragu uniudiialn' WIT! Wialoi 1a INCORPORATED? Ghe Warragu ge!ius. FRIDAY. JUNE 17, 1898. We regret to record that 'Mr. Walter Turner, of Woorayl Parlk, Leongatha, and:brother of Mr. G-. J;Turner, M1.L.A., succnumbed to an attack of diabetes oson Tuesday .last. The deceased g-entleiman had been. in failing health flr the past two or three, years, 'and his death was 'ot unexpected by his friends. He bore his sufferings with -great fortitudo, and always seemued to think that he' vouild recover, taking an native part in the management of his affairs till within two or three days of his death,: ;hen he :grad rally sank and died. ts stated. -The de ceased; who was 41. years of age was one of the pioneers of the district, his hoimeo- stead being tlie firstono selected on Wiikur Creek.. The remains were interred in the Kew cesmetary on Saturday, being con voeyed from Leongacha by train. Splecial services will-be held in connection with the Salvation Arm1y, for the purpose of raising funds for this deserving work, by Ensign Bridges.: Operations wsill commence on Saturday evening, when a lantern exhibi. tion will be given in the operin air (weatlier permitting), showing viewvsof the Arnmy's rescue and social work and also other sub jects. In the Masonic Hall on iSunday afternoon an address .will be given by the ensign on the same subject. At night, in the same hall, a lantern-:service -will be-held. " The Life of Christ" and thel I Prodigal Son'" will bethe subjects chosen.- On Mon day night a very interesting lantern service will be held, when thIe saie subjects will be continued; also a lot of new views of interest will be shown. In the Masonic Hall - on Tuesday a juniors' dcemonstration will be held in the barracks.-Commniunicated. It now appears that the total output of sugar this season from the Maffra works will be much less than at first anticipated, while the average yield from tihe beets put through is disappointing. Of course, the first season to a large extent munst be regarded as an experiulental one, and doubtless the experience now gained will enable the sllanagers to ellsure more satis. fictory results next year. The difference in the percentage of sugar shown in the beets uinder analysis and in the ianufac ture is so large, that an improavement in the process of the latter is absolutely necessary. The time is approaching when the liev. W. I'arkes, inctnubent of St. 'aul's Church, will take his detparture fromt Warragul to enter on the charge at Matsra to which he was recently appointed by the Bishop of Melbourne. Prior to leaving, however, the rev. gentleman is to be entertained at a public social to be held in the Public Hiall on Wednesday next, when the Rlev. C. H. Hunter and the Rev. T. Alday have signilied their intention of being present, in addition to .Mr. J. L. larkcs, President of the Shire (who will preside), Mr. P. J. Smith, and others, whilst songs will be sung by Mrs. MIurn, lMiss lice. Miss Ilansen, MIr. Sitms, and Mr. Monger. To still further add to the variety of thle proceedings, refre~h-. Icents will be served by the ladies, and from what we can gather the occasion will be of a thoroughly pleasant and enjoyable character. We are glad to report that property is showing a decidedly upward tendency in this district. ilessrs Mathieson and Davis alone have sold upwards of .£6000 worth within the past month, their latest sa'e being MIr. King's tine property, at Flynn's Creek. The 262; acres realised .£12 10I per acre, the purchaser being Mr. \W. Bell, J.1'., of Yarra Glen. As fair as the tow':nship is concerned, the same satis factory fact prevails, dwelling houses being at a premium.--"Traralgon Journal." Early this year a splendid specimen of a stud Shorthorn bull was imported from England by MIr. John Lee, of Bathurst, tat a cost of over £700. When it arrived at Sydney it was placed in quarantine, :as.it gas fountd to be showing symptoms of tubercl?iacie, Last Tuesday the animal was destroyed by tie health authorities, when a mass of tubercule weigitang l3 Ibs. was removed fron thle jaw. A purelhaa of select dairy stock hasa been imtado on behalf of Iho Government of New South \'ales. Fifty bulls and owtes have been acquired frqm the best dairy lcrds of England and Scotland. They will be shipped to Sydney shortly' by the steamer Hlawes 'a, The monthly entertainment in connection with the local Temperance Society was held in the Wesleyan school-room. and was pre sided over by the Rev. C. H. Hunter. The following programme was satisfactorily carried out :-Temperance hynm; song, Miss Jennings; recitation, Miss Sergeant; chorus by choir; club swinging by Master H. Lewis; song, Miss Hansen; address by the Rev. Hunter; recitation, Miss Alford; Bellringer's speech by Master HI. Toye. We are glad to learn that Regimental Sergeant-Major Algie, of the Victorian Rflles, who sustained a severe compound fractnre of the leg owing to a fall from his horse at the Easter Camp, at 3allarat, is progressing favourably, though slowly. On Friday last two members of the Am bulance Corps were sent up to Ballarat from Melbourne, and under their care Sergeant-Major Algio was removed to his residence In Hawksburn. It is notified by the Chief Secretary that the secretaries of free libraries and country museums who have not applied for a share of the grant for 1897-8 to those institutions, must send mn their applica tions before the end of this month. Mr. John Inglis, late of Mardan, far mer. who died on 6th May last, left a will dated May 18th, 1897, and a codie.l dated 15th April last, bequeathing his property to his children. Value of realty, £5,225; personalty, .£645. A Mildura fruit-grower has recently purchased a block of 100 acres within a? mile of Drouin, and it is his intention to plant aportion with fruit trees. Drouin orchardists are planting several hundred lemon'trees, and it is believed this fruit will do well. Up to the end of last month the Savings Bank Commissioners had advanced 0498,790 to farmers under the Credit FSncier system. Of this sum £5,837 has been. repaid in first instalments. At the last meeting of the council of the shire of South Gippslsnd it was re solved to-stop all day work in connection with making good the damage caused by the bushfires. The work in future will be let by contract. The balance of the late Sir W. J. Clarke's Bairnsdale estate has been sold. The allotments brought up to £2 12s 6d per foot,.and one.block £46 10slper acre. The total amount from the sale was .£2,715, or an average of £41 Ss per acre for 66 acres. - Mr, P. Dunbar of the Warragul Livery Stables, is shortly leaving the district, and is consequently selling off all his horses and vehicles, particulars of which are advertised to-day. Mr. Hansen will conduct the sale. At the meeting of the Warragail Shire Council on Wednesday, Mr. J. Hill was appointed Poundkeeper for the central pound in succession to Mr. E. J. Fowler, resigned. 