MELBOURNE. [From Our Ooehesvondbkh. i Tuesday, Oth September. Purchase ov a Picture. —The Government lias purchased the magnificent painting by Mr. John Longstaff entitled " Bush.Fires in Gipps ■land." The figure paid is not stated, but it is said to be reasonable. Fptcke Rifle Teams,—The Minister of De fence offers a valuable suggestion concerning the proposal to send an Australian riile team to .Bisley next year. It has been pointed out that in the event of this proposal being carried out the team would bo shut out from competing for the Kolaporc Cup, as the competition does not .permit of a combination team, the rules dis tinctly stating that teania must come from single states. Mr. M'Culioch's idea is that the several ^colonies should hold an annual special competi tion of the best ride shots, and that the winning team should be sent home as an Australian team at the joint expense of the colonies taking 'fart. Such a competition; he thinks, would stimulate interest in rifle shooting. • Chinese Lotteries Seven' Chinese named All Soon, AhSeong, Ah Chow, Chin Ying, Chin iChurig, Louey Ah Sing and Ah Him were sum moned before the District Court to-day on a ;eharge of selling lottery tickets. The defend ants pleaded guilty, and a fine of £10 cach with i'3 3.s costs in default 14 weeks' imprisonment iwas imposed. ! A -Rabbit Thief. — Numerous complaints !have been made for some time past by people in the country who send rabbits to Melbourne of robberies of rabbits from their crates, and the ;railway authorities have made special efforts to catch the thieves. On 29th August last two .crates of rabbits were sent frorii Lancefield Junction to Melbourne. The railway detectives leounted the rabbits in each crate. On arrival !in Melbourne, Joseph M'Cracken, a rabbit dealer, to whom one of the crates was consigned, itook both crates out of the van and also tpok a :pair of rabbits out of the other crateand placed it 'in his own. The defendant denied the charge, but the bench held the case proved, and fined defendant 40s with £1 Is costs in default 14 idays' imprisonment. : Sad Case ok Starvation'.—An inquest was opened to-day on the body of an old man named George Patchett, aged 72 years, who died at Northcote under very pitiful circum stances. The deceased lived with his wife, who ia CO years of age, and hit son and daughter in a lilt'le cottage. The son has not been able to obtain employment, and the family, it appears, have often been without the necessaries of life. Thej' have endeavored to hide their poverty, •but the .whole terrible story of the privations they have undergone comes out in the death of the head of the little family. The poft-mortcm examination showed signs of chronic and recent inflammation,and Dr. Beckett is of opinion that death was accelerated by starvation. The in quest was adjourned for further evidence. Earthquake at Lon'<;\vood.—The manager of the Electric Telegraph office received a tele gram from Long wood 1 his afternoon stating that two distinct earth tremors had occurred in that district shortly after noon. The shocks appeared to travel from west to east. Sirwirs Accident.—A young man named Join: Slattery, aged 2G years, was seriously in jured in Studley Park this afternoon by a fall of earth. He was engaged forming a footpath at the foot of a high enbankment when about a ton of earth fell on him. His right thigh and several ribs were fractured. 