ROCKHAMPTON. A correspondent writes :— The evergreen "Kil- leevy'" has said so much about Rockhampton and its people that it is a difficult matter for me to sup- plement him. His two letters show that he pos- sesses keen powers of observation and used them to the best advantage, and barring a few inaccuracies, incidental to any visiting journalist writing at a particular place, the description may be regarded as one of the best of Rockhampton that has yet ap- peared in a Southern paper. Well, if "Killeevy" had not trespassed so much on my lawful preserves, I could make my hunting-ground on yours by giv- ing you a longer letter. Roekhampton's motto may be set down as "Go Ahead." For a city of about 40 years old its progress has been phenomenal, and respecting present progress I have not for the past ten or twelve years seen anything like so many works, public and private, as are now being carried out in the city and its vicinity. Still, of course, we have our unemployed — men who are unable to find work ' frae November till October,' except when the police bring them and it face to face as the re- ward of vagrancy. Referring to our police force. I am aure that scores of larrikins from both Sydney and Brisbane will bear me out that they are one of the most effi- cient bodies of the kind perhaps in Australia. Verily, larrikinism wears a hair-shirt in Rock- hampton, A paragraph appeared in the Morning Bulletin a few weeks ago to the effect that Bishop Higgins had accepted his appointment to the See of Rock- hampton, but as I have seen nothing in your paper about it, the announcement would seem to be ' too previous.' The Catholics of this place are all anxiously awaiting the coming of their new Bishop. The passengers always feel more comfortable on shipboard when the captain is on the bridge, and, spiritually, I suppose, it is the same. No fault of course to the officers in either case. Our priests here at present are, I think, the most zealous ever I saw in this parish. Their zeal is all the more apparent from the fact of their doing such excellent work shorthanded. There is ample work for six or seven priests ; instead we have three — Fathers Bel- ton (in charge), Nugent, and Isaac. How they manage to get over their work is a mystery, yet they do it; and the vast numbers of communicants every Sunday, and especially every first Friday of the month, is eloquent testimony to their tireless energies and their happy results. A Catholic Young Men's Society, as you are aware, flourishes here, and I use the word ' flou- rishes' advisedly. Twelve months ago our young men were in a partially-disorganized condition — one half of them barely knowing the other half ; now the large schoolroom in the Prr-Cathedral grounds is taxed to its utmost to accommodate the numbers who attend the weekly debates. Father Belton's fostering care, assisted by Mr. Henry Jones's cease- less attentions as secretary, constitute the chief elements in the cause of the society's success. The Convent High school has been already de- scribed in your columns. An exhibition of the work done by the pupils was held in the School of Arts last night, and prizes were subsequently dis- tributed by Mr. Justice Power. Not being present, I am unfortunately not able to give a description of the function; but the fancy work and paintings I have seen exhibited in the windows of Messrs. James Stewart and Co the night previous to the exhibition in the School of Arts were the best of the kind I have ever seen here. Indeed, the paint- ing — most of them — showed a delicacy of execution far more suggestive of the professional's brush than that of a school girl. I am glad to be able to say that our good friend Mr. Fahy has got almost over his recent illness, and he is now about, to all appearences as brisk as ever. In my next letter I must give you some account of a number of old Catholic pioneer families who live in the neighbourhood of Rockhampton, with whom of course it was hardly possible for ' Kil leevy' to come into contact. And reverting to ' Killeevy' reminds me of an error he made by saying that Mr. E. V Reid was an Irishman, but not a Catholic. Mr. Reid is not only an Irishman, but a model Catholic besides. We had news yesterday that he was about to leave London by one of the P. and O. boats for Aus- tralia. The weather, which so far has been comparatively mild, is becoming rather hot. The country is very dry, and bushfires are numerous about the town.— November 4, 1898, 