COUNTRY QUARTES SESSIONS. nnNDAÖAI. Friday. Tho Quarter Sessions wero continued to-day be- fore Judge Rogers. Thomas Charles Russell, charged with unlawfully setting tiro to natural grass at Jackalass on December li), 1897, pleaded guiltv and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment, the sentence being suspended under the Tirst Offenders Act Martin Barkoffskv, charged with maliciously woundmg Jos»ph Wolstenliolme at Adelong on November 17 last, was found guilty and sentonccd to 13 months' imprisonment Richard Harvey and Trank Bairott, charged with assault and robbery on Michacel Riley at Jingellio on ->ov amber lb last, were ucquitted. _ BOMBALA, Friday. Messrs Morrison Brothers had the misfortune to have a hut at the Federal mine, with its contents, destroyed by fire. The Delegate Dairy Company has decided to erect a separating station at Hayden's Bay. The supply of milk to the Delegate River creamery for the week ending November 26 was 1479 gallons, or 246 gallons per day. The gross returns of the recent ball held at Carra- wong in aid of the Catholic church there were £30, leaving a credit balance, after paying expenses, of £26 10s. Shearing is going along smoothly throughout the Monaro district. Fine weather is prevailing, and all through the clip is exceptionally good. A number of small sheds, and also some larger ones, have cut out. BOWRAL, Friday. A plague of grasshoppers is doing considerable damago to the grass and crops. BROKEN HILL, Friday. At the Municipal Council meeting last night it was decided that the council should invite the Fire Brigades Board to meet the iiuance committee in conference with a view to the council taking control of the brigado At the inquest to-day on the budy of Thomas Noonan, who died in the hospital yesterday from in- juries received in the Junction mine on September 20\. a verdict of death from blood poisoning, tho re- sult of injuries received on the Junction tramline, was relumed. The weather is becoming very warm. The highest shade register to-day was 10_£ . Mr. Makinson, this coroner, held an inquestyester day concerning the death of Charles Lovelace Andrew, u miner, who died in the hospital on Wed- nesday as the result of injuries received through falling down a Bhoot in the South mino ou Tuesday week. The evidence was to the eilect that the deceased went to tho door above where he was working to bar down some daugerous grouud, and while getting out of the iv ay of fallmg stuJT he stepped into a chute which was uncovered. Francis Symons, a trucker, admitted thut he mid his mate named Wil- liams lomoved the covering of the chute so as to make a Bilde The jury found that the accident was caused through the removal of the timber covering the chute Thomas Noonan, who »as terribly crushed be- tween two trucks in the Junction mine about two months ago, died yesterday in the hospital, De- ceased was io, and was unmarried. COOTAMUNDRA, Friday. The weather is still dry and parching ana the crops are seriously affected, COROWA, Friday. Severn! bushfires havo been burning in the vicmity of Corowa during the current week. Two or three hundred acres of good grass and fencing were lost on Hillsborough station, owned by Mr. Smyth. Nearci Corowa a tire broke out yesterday at the back of Bijiji vineyard, which for several hours was threatened with destruction. Mr. blade, whose age is reputed to be SO, was yestordoy afternoon knocked donn and seriously hurt by a two-horso vohicle GILGUNNIA, Friday. The weather bus been very hot and sultry during the past week, «lill terrille duststorms at intervals, doing serious damage to grass und berbage. The continuous bot weather aud winds havo considerably lowered the water supply, the country surrounding the township is becoming overrun with sheep, and as a result the little grass theie is at preseut is lapidly disappearing. GLEN INNES, Friday. 'Hie air yesterday and tile preceding morning was frosty. Bushfires prevail. Some of our smaller sheep farmers have received large cheques tor this season's clip. GOODOOGA, Today. Tho weather has been cool and the nights quit cold since Monday. It is now warming, with east winds tonding to the north. It was 94- in the shade to-day. A nso of 3ft. in the Balonne is reported from Suiat This will keep the Biree running, and will probably run to the Bokhara, but can aaircely affect the Narran or Culgoa People are all much pleased that the Byrocic Brewarnna lailway has passed the Legislative Assembly. Had it been constructed now many thousands of stock w ould havo been trucked to tho elstern pastures All tbe working horses aro now fed ou chaff from the Dubbo districts, only a few Bottlers growing their own. The cartage from Bourke or Byrock is almost prohibitivo. GR Ah TON, Friday. The Grafton Chamber of Commerce at its meeting last night declined to support the Casino Railway Leagno in advocating the extension of tho Tweed Lismore luilway line to Casino unless the construc- tion of the whole section to Grafton was urged. It was also resolv ed to defer further agitation respecting the Graftou-Glen Innes line till Mr. Kouuedy's survey was completed IN VERLLL, Friday. A fatal accident occurred at Bundarra yeetord-y afternoon. A child named William Jenners, an adopted son, was riding in a dray, when the horse bolted, and, throwing the child out, the wheel passed over his neck, killing him laatantly. LISMORE, Friday. At tho Lismoro Quart« Sessions to-day tho fol- lowing c isca w ere disposed of .-John G. luylor, uttering counterfeit coin, sentenced to three monthi hard labour in Grafton Gaol Mary Ann Yates, larceny, acquitted, Khan Bahadur, an Afghan, fraudulent misappropriation, acquitted Nawau Khan, an Afghan, perinry, found guilty and re- manded for sentence ahornas Bryce breaking aud entering, found guilty of receiving, and lemandcd [or sentence , , An old identity named John Leo, who has been missing from his homo since Wednesday, waa found drowned in the nvei today 1 ho deceased had a bad attack of typhoid some month« ago etnce which bia mind had apparently become affected LITHGOW, rnday At a meeting of the committee of the Ratep\yers' Association last night a motion vv as passed urging the council to consider the advisability of establish mg an abattoir for tho town and neighbourhood, without rolviiig altogether on Government atsist aa0° LIVERPOOL, Trida} A telephone messago was received in town thu afternoon bv Messrs Scnveuer and Son to the effect that thB residence of Mr Pidcock, of Ingleburn, had boon totally destro}ed by bro MOLONG, Friday The Key E J Rodd, prosideut of the New South Wales Wealoyau Conference, was en_srtainod at a conversazione in the School of Arts last night, the Mayor presiding The first load of this year s new wheat reached Molong flour nulls yesterday from Cumnock district, and it is a splendid sample The following applications were lodged at the Molong lands ofhee during the week for conditional purchases -55 acres, parish of Cardingtou, ihomas fames Philpott 32JJ acre«, palish of Catombils, Georgo S Bloomfield conditional lease, 127 acres, parish of Cardington, Thomas James Philpott -ha land agent sold four blocks of land aggregating 5\. acres at Canowiuura Prices were £1- to ¿27 an acre MOSS VALE, Tnday To day bas been very warm, and bush fires are prevalent About noon some paddocks close to the town took fire, and, travelling rapidly reached the country residonce of Colonel Bayly Tor a wlnlo the house was m danger of becoming ignited, as the flames reached to within a few feet of it, but the fire brigade, upon the alarm being Bounded, reached the spot with commcudable promptitude, and suc- ceeded in preventing any serious damage MUDGLE Tnday Last month's goods business through the Mudgee railway was the largest since the time it waa opened Ihe local pastures and stock board has endorsed the proposal that the Government should sell by auction the recently imported stud cattle, and abandon the present idea of a Government stud farm NOWRA, Tnday Tho South Shoalhaven C.uncil yesterday adopted the resolutions passed by the Kiama conference on the 24th ultimo with lefeicuce to the propose! muni- cipal control of the dalnes' supervision on the South Coast, and appointed the Mayor and Alder- man Watts delegates to tho interview shortly to bo he.d with the Premior ou the subject ORANGE, Tnday The ratepayers of East Orange are antagonistic to the proclamation of the borough as a sanitary area under the Public Health .et, und hav e called upon the council to obtain its revocation QUIRINDI, Tnday At the present time between 100,000 and 120 00(1 sheep are travelling on the road in this direction. Stock in this district u in good condition RICHMOND Fridav. The famous Hobartville Estate, formerly the pro- perty of the late Mr Andrew Town, and owned at present by Messrs Hill and Long, waa submitted to auction to-day at Sydney The highest bid did uot reach the amount ot the reserve RiLSlONE, Tnday The weather still continues very hot and dry, and the country is uow beginning to assume a very parched, burnt-up appearance Ihe Cudgegong River, which runs through the town and on which a great mauy of the residents depend for water, is so low that lu many places it eau be jumped At least two to thr«. inches of rain are needed SINGLE ION, lnday Mr Dight, M L A , is moving in the matter of the railway from Singleton to Caasillis, via Jerry's Plains A meeting will very shortly be arranged to appoint a deputation to wait on the Minister ou the subject TEMORA, Induy The election o'office-bearers of the Agricultural and Pastoral Association, held at Talbot s Hotel lost night, resulted as follows -President, Mr Patnck Heffernan , vice-presidents, Messrs W J Cart- wright, W De Little, A R Tuwksbury treasurer, Mr R P M'Leod , secretary, Mr AV II lubmau , committee, Messrs R W Burstal, J Harmon, A D M'Douald, George Thacker, Robert May, J J Donuelly, W Talbot, J L Trefle, Ldward Walsh, W Reid, Alexander Stewart, M Patterson, Jahn Curry WAGGA, Tnday A «ale of settlement leases was held at the local lands office Settlement lease .bl, county Wynyard, parish of Murraguldrie, area G-00 acres, elicited no offer No 462 in the samo county and pansh, 6 580 acres, was purchased by Alexander Smith, of 1-yamba for £100 Ivo 4Gd, in the same county and pansh 49o0 acres, was also purchased by Mr ¡smith for £82 Au amatour orchestral society has been formed in Wagga und promises to be very successful Ino Very Wor Br. Gabi iel Browne, v. ho is »bout to leave Wagga, was accorded a Bond-off by tha Lodge Harmony at its last meeting Mr Browne, who was recently appoiuted by the Grand Lodge as district grand inspector of workings, was mainly in- strumental in re-formiug tho Lodge of Harmony about two years ago, after the lodge had been in ro oess for a long period WARREN, Tnday A man named Samuel Gannon, formerly of Goul- burn, was brought before Mr L S Donaldson, P M , charged with obtainmj two Bums of £3 and £2 from James Gale and James Wood, hotelkeepers, by means of valueless cheques, and he wa« rom imtted for tnul WEST MAU LAND Tnday Yesterday nfternoou a «franger named John Moly, neaux committed suicide by cutting his throat with a rusty dinner knife in an abandoned house m Devonshire-street An orguu recital was given in St Mary a Church last night by Mr G T Ki og, assisted by Miss Edith O King and Mr F E Alexundor WINDSOR, Tnday The population of Windsor township is 2007 males 95G, female« 1051 Local potato-grower« aro digging their produce Mr J Mahony, of Pitt Town, has topped thu market so far, receiving £10 5s for a splendid sample 