THE MINISTER FOR RAILWAYS. We learn that the Minister for Railways, the Hon. J. R. Dickson, accompanied by the Chief Engineer, will \ea\e by special train on Sunday evening for a visit to Mary- borough and Gayndah, with a view of in- specting the country through which the pro- posed Gayndah extension will pass, as well as the country beyond, which it will tap. Mr. Dickson is anxious to satisfy himself as to the prospects of_the line so strenu- ously advocated, and will spare no pains to-make himself thoroughly acquainted with the district. From the " Maryborough Chronicle" of yesterday we note that on learning the intentions of the Minister for Rallwiys, the president of the Gayndah Ex- tension Railway Association wired to the Mayor of Gayndah, Mr. F. J. Charlton (Woo- woonga), and to the Woowoonga Progress Association, acquainting them of the In- tending visit, and urging them to afford every assistance. He also took steps to arrange for a deputation of the Gayndah Railway Extension Association and local bodies to Interview Mr. Dickson on the sub- ject before or after his visit to Gayndah. The negotiations in this respect are still pending. (We understand that Mr. Dick- son is not likely to receive any deputation on the subject. He will probably return to Brisbane on Friday next.-Ed. " B. C") SPECIAL WEATHER FORECAST. The following «pedal advice WBB Issued by Mr. Wragge from Capemba at 10.45 p.m. yesterday :-" To-night's observations in- dicate a nearly saturated atmosphere, with high barometers continuing over southern New South Wales and Victoria, while com- paratively low pressures obtain over Queens- land, becoming more Intense with decrease of latitude. , Hence we can only confirm our forecast Issued in the afternoon. Heavy cloud masses and showery weather will pro- bably last over Sunday In all parts of eastern Queensland, Including also the south-east, and further Including to a great extent the centre, west, and north." TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION. The. Post and Telegraph Department notify as follows, under yesterday's date: -"The Adelaide office advises that communication was restored on the Port Darwin Une at 215 p.m. to-day." In connection with the serious Interrup- tion« that have occurred in the northern telegraph syBtem during the past week, we , learn that the department has kept Ita staff working in Brisbane practically night and day to try and overtake the accumula- tion of messages which arose after the first Interruption happened. It la hoped that the Inconvenience to the pub]«» will be removed by this morning. There Is at present every prospect of this belng'done, should nothing further arise to delay the sending of messages. The lines north from Rockhampton and St. Lawrence are now the ones that remain Interrupted, while'' Mackay, Bloomsbury, and a few smaller stations are completely isolated. The work of repairing is being pushed on with «ii possible speed. NEW LAND REGULATIONS. The work of drafting the regulations under the new Land Act Is now about com- pleted, and will probably be submitted to the Cabinet on Tuesday next for approval. Under the new Land Act, which comes into force on the 1st March, the whole of the available land in the colony now open to selection will have to be re-proclaimed. Under the existing Act no such thing as an I agricultural homestead is recognised In I throwing the land open, the 'land I being usually selected as agricultural I farms,¿and in the case of selections up to 160 acres, the homestead provision» may be applied at the option of the selector ; but under the new Act any area up to 640 acres will be available for selection as an agricul- tura' homestead, unless there Is some good I reaeon to the contrary, and provided that | the classification and value placed on the land permits of it being done. First-class land may be selected up to 160 acres, aecond [ clase land up to 320 acres, and third-class | land up to 640 acres as agricultural home- steads. It is the intention of the Minister to have all lands now open as agricultural farms in areas not exceeding 640 acres re proclaimed open .as agricultural home- steads where practicable, and unless there are some special reasons why this should not be done in particular cases. The land commissioners In the various districts have been asked specially to report on any such lands, with a view to giving effect to this intention as soon as possible. It is hoped that by this means many agricultural farms which have been lying open tor selection for a long time in the less favoured parts of the colony, and where the land ia perhaps not first-class, will be now taken up,under the more favourable conditions, and that an Impetus will be given to thtemost de- sirable class of settlement. RELIEF FOR BUSH-FIRE SUFFERERS. At a meeting of the committee of the Brisbane Musical Union on Thursday even Ipg )t 'was suggested that, should outside help for the sufferers by the Victorian bush fires prove to be- needed, a grand concert might bo organised «a was done In aid of the Indian Famine Fund. The proposition was cor- dially received, and Inquiries were at once made a» to the necessities of the case Inquiries addressed through'this office lo the editor of «he Melbourne " Argus" re- sulted In a reply that, unless the distress proves more severe .than 1B at'present anti- cipated, there are sufficient fupds In band. In this opinion the Mayor .of Melbourne ' concurred. At the same time the feeling which dictated tho proposal is fully appre- ciated by those Waving the administration of the relief funds. Our readers will have noted the fine spirit of self-help and Inde- pendence that animates most of the suf- ferers by the disastrous fires, as shown by the extracts we have published from the Victorian Press, and, should it be found desirable to make any appeal to Queens lancers, the responso would doubtless be prompt and liberal. THE CITY ENGINEER'S DEPARTMENT. When fixing the salaries in tho city en- gineer's department In the City Council yesterday, Alderman M'Master moved that the salaries stand over till tho council had held an inquiry into the working of the department. This action, he ex- plained, was taken in consequence of state- ments made, especially in connection with the wood- paving contract. A great deal of discussion ensued, and while the speakers generally favoured an Investigation, they pointed out that it would ba Illegal to pay the salaries in the meantime unless they were fixed. The Mayor also said he would refuse to sign the cheques unless the Halarles were fixed, but the fixing of the salaries would not interfere with the pro- posal to ho'.d an InquIry.N The motion wias then withdrawn. FIRE ON THE MONOWAI. Our Hobart correspondent telegraphs, under date 11th instant :-A fire occurred in the hold of the steamer Monowai during the run from Melbourne to Hobart, and was only got under after a fight which lasted for five ard a-half hours, when 13ft. of water had been pumped Into the hold. BRISBANE MUSICAL UNION. Much enthusiasm is being manifested by the new committee of the Brisbane Musical Union, and they intend doing all in their power to raise itho society to Its former position In the city. There is no reason why this society should not be a great suc- cess, as it is of very long standing, and possesses a splendid musical Ubraiy and instruments, and is the only one in the city 1 that makes any prétentions ito porform | oratorio. A number of new suggestions have been made, and some of these, if acted upon, will be of great beneilt to the society and its members. SIgnor Truda has offered his services to lead the orchestra, which offer was gladly accepted by the committee, and it is expected that the chorus and orchestra will be considerably augmented. The first practice of the new term takes place at the Trades Hall, Turbot-street, on Thursday, nth Instant (as advertised). .This will take the form of a social rather than the usual practice, and a number of the members will be Invited to contribute a few instrumental and vocal selections. The committee have Wisely decided to commence With a light work, and have selected the " May Queen" and " God, Thou art great" for the first concert, which will be given at an early date under the baton of the conductor, Mr. R. T. Jefferies. The com- mittee desire to have a largo choir and orchestra, and would be pleased if all tho old members ot the society, and also In- tending new ones, who are In sympathy with the society would assist at the prac- tices. Mr. J. N. M'Callura has been ap- pointed hon. secretary in the place of Mr. S. Grlmley, who resigned that office. MANCHESTER UNITY ODDFELLOWS. The usual half-yearly meeting of the Grand Master and board of directors of the Manchester Un'ity 1.0. of Oddfellows was held In the boardroom, Queen- street, on Wednesday last. The sitting oommencpd at 10 a.m., and there were present-Messrs. W, Alley (Rockhampton), G.M.; D. Gardner. "(Maryborough), D.G.M.; C. E. Birkbeck (secretary), with direot'ors-'Messrs. J. L. Matthews (Gympie), A. M'Leod (Rockhamp- ton), W. Flitcroft (Warwick), and S. M'Len» nan, J. Ruthn'ing, F. W. Downes, W. J. Redfern, and G. A. Barker (Brisbane). The resignation of Director W. F. Marshall (Bundaberg) was received, and apologies from Directors B. Behr (Clermont) and J, H. Lynch (Townsville), which were duly accepted. An exceedingly long business sheét was submitted to the board, and every Item fully discussed and decided upon. The levy for the A.M.C. delegates' expenses fund was fixed at lOd. per member. The meeting closed with a hearty vote of thanks to the chairman at 6.15 p.m. BRISBANE'GENERAL HOSPITAL'. The committee of the Brisbane General Hospital have Issued a circular, from whloh wo take the following :-With this, the fiftieth year of the Brisbane Hospital, the committee tender to all those Who have con- tributed to the general support and welfare of the Institution their sincerest thanks. They have confidence in a continuance of this support, and in order that its Jubilee year may be marked in the annals of the hospital, they entreat that every one who may read this letter may not only be num- bered amongst the contributors for the year, but will prevail upon at least one friend to add his or her name to the roll of 1898, even if the amount against that name be small. The liberal aid of the Govern- ment trebles the value of every voluntary money gift, so that there «mist be few who cannot render appreciable aid In this work of helping those who cannot help them- selves. FLOOD PREVENTION. Under the auspices of the Brisbane Cham- ber of Commerce a conference of repre- sentatives of municipal authorities, divi- sional boaTds, and shire councils will be held on Monday next for the purpose of considering the best methods of minimising the. effects of floods in Brisbane and the surrounding districts, and urging on the Government the necessity of placing a sum of money on the Estimates to obtain expert opinion on the matter. iALBION PARK RACES. The weekly race meeting of the Brisbane Jockey Club will be held at Albion Park to-day, as usual. The first race will start at 2.15 p.m. SANDGATE PROMENADE CONCERT. By far the most successful Town Band Promenade Concert held in Moora Park, Sandgate, was that held last night (says our correspondent). The special express ex- cursion train brought over 800 passengers, and between seventy and eighty excursion passengers came from intermediate stations between the Brisbane Central and Nundah stations by the train leaving the metropolis at 6.35 p.m, No doubt this train would carry more were it generally known that Friday's excursion tickets to Sandgate can be had by this train at these stations. There were close on 1000 persons in the park, and the band surpassed themselves, playing a good number of new pieces. They want a few more instruments, and these could be easily obtained if a committee outside the band were formed to obtain subscriptions. Some three or four gentle- men are willing to assist if the band solicit their aid. With such results as on the last two Friday's, the Commissioners should intimate their readiness to run these trains on two moonlight nights per month. REDCLIFFE DIVISIONAL BOARD. A special meeting of the Redcliffe Divi- sional Board was held on Friday at the office, North Pine. There were present— Messrs. W. Chisholm, J. Duffield, A. Elliott, W. O'Shea, P. Silcock, E. B. Southerden, jun., J. White, and the Hon. W. H. Wilson. Mr. McCullagh telegraphed an apology for absence. On the motion of Mr. Chisholm, seconded by Mr. Duffield, Mr. Wilson was unanimously elected chairman for the en- suing year. In taking the position, Mr. Wilson referred to the Important business likely to come before the board during the year. Estimates had at length been ob- tained for the railway by the Woody Point route, which would require to be very care- fully considered, and there was also the question of repairs to Redcliffe Jetty. He quoted statistics to show the progress of Humpybong, and said that if railway com- munication could only be secured an im- mense impetus would be given to the even now steady advancement of the place. It was resolved, after discussion, h,? Q vot«s &. », that the clerk's salary for the year be £200, several members speaking In very complimentary terms of Mr. Service's work for the division ; a forage allowance of 6s. per week was also voted. "Auditors' fees and wages of lengthsmen and draymen were fixed at the same yate as last year, and day labour waa increased to 6s. per day. A long discussion took place on the applica- tion of the Pine Divisional Board for a con- ference on the proposed addition of three spans to the North Pine Bridge. The board considered no useful purpose could be served, and declined the conference. The clerk tabled the half-yearly statement, which was ordered to be printed. The auditors' report was read, bearing testimony to the careful and satisfactory manner "In which the books and accounts had been kept. A meeline of the Brisbane Municipal Council will be held on Monday afternoon. The business includes reception and con- sideration of reports from the Works and Finance Committees, and a special com- mittee appointed to confer with the wood paving contractor In regard to the gauging of cement, examination and settlement of the accounts of the municipality for half year ending 31st December, 1897, motions pursuant to notice. The final meeting of the Hon. T. J. Byrnes'« Reception Committee was held yesterday afternoon. The secretary, Mr. ÎI. J. Whittick, announced that the accounts showel a sorplus of £9 6s. 5J.. and a cheque for that amount waa ordered to b° for- warded as a donation to the Brisbane Gerie ml Hospital. Tn the course of the pro- ceedings, Mr. Luya, chairman of the com- mittee, mentioned that he had received 'rom Mr. Byrnrs * handsome walking-stick made from an olive-tree grown in the Island of Corfu, and suitably engraved. At a meeting of the Building Committee of the proposed State ichool for East Bris- bane, held on Wednesday evening last, Mr. Dibloy reported having Interviewed the Minister for Education with regard to the plans of the new school. Mr. Dalrymple stated that the ptans and estimates had been received from the Works Department, and would be forwarded for the considera- tion of the committee In a few days. The amount in the Government Savings Bank to the credit of the building fund is £185, which, with further donations promised, will be Increased to about £200 ; and should the committee, on receipt of Mr. Brady's estimate, find this sum below the quota (ono-flfth) required by the Education Act to be raised locally. Immediate steps will be taken to ofbtaln the necessary amount. The meeting was adjourned until the plans have be»n received by the secretary. The following have been adjudicated insol- vent .-Sarah Bowes, of Fortitude Valley, widow ; Hugh Wade, of Brisbane, cab pro- prietor ; Mark Ryan, of Hendra, jockey ; Thomas K. Cowl, of Thargomindah, cook ; Thomas Claffey, of Gympie, miner. In the Supremo Court, Townsville : Thomas Black- burn, of Croydon, miner ; Michael Sweeney, of Charters Towera, carpenter ; Charles Keene, of Charters Towers, labourer ; Wil- liam Huston, of Townsville, labourer ; Ste- phen Cocking, of Charters Towers, miner. A memorial service will be held in -fhe Albert-street Wesleyan Church to- morrow night in connection with the death of Mr. C. H. F. Yeo, who held important offices in that church for many years. The Rev."J, Bowes will be the preacher, and In addition to special hymns and anthems, the Sunday school children, of whom Mr. Yeo >vas superintendent, will be present, and sing one of their school hymns. Mr. George Singer, well known In Brisbane In the service of two prominent solicitors during the past seventeen years, has Just returned from an eleven months' tour in Western Australia, and has joined Mr. K. Mackenzie, of Creek- street, who has been practising his profession in Brisbane for some time past, principally in connection with Insolvency and Insurance broking busi- ness. This new firm of solicitors has taken offices at 188 Queen-street, opposite the New Zealand Insurance Company's offices. A complimentary benefit will be ten- dered on Monday, 21st Instant, to Mr. J. C Bain, the well-known comic vocalist, who is shortly leaving the colony. An unusually good programme will be presented on the occasion, the performers Including all the leading local talent, as will be seen by the advertisement in this issue. The perform- ance is to be under the patronage of the Hon. T. J. Byrnes, his worship the Mayor of Brisbane, the English and Australian cricket teams, and many prominent citizens, so that there should be little doubt as to Its success. Mr. W, Miller, the well-known boat-* builder, of Breakfast Creek, has accepted «A order for the building of two luggers, which, are Intended for service in the Norther.« pearl fisheries. Each of the boats is to DA 48ft. In length, with 12ft. beam, aud 9ft draught. 0 In the results of the Trinity College Junior examinations, published yesterday, the name of Miss Phoebe Rayment's teacher is given as Mrs. A. F. Smith, whereas \\\ should be Miss A. F. Smith. Lovers of dancing Will be pleased to leam of the continuation, during his absence, of Mr. R. M. Leckle-Pollock's classes, under the management of Miss A. Moynlhan. Already invitations have been issued to past pupils and (patrons for a dance in the Foresters' Hall, on the opening night, Thursday, 3rd March. A series of seven weekly lectures oa¡ " heat" will be commenced on Monday even-« ing next by Mr. S. B. J. Skertcbly in connec- tion with the Technical College and Univer- sity Extension movement. < t, The programme for Saturday, 19th Instant, at Albion Park, Includes a Trial Handicap, 4>/¿ furlongs ; Flying Handicap, 6% furlongs; High-weight Handicap, 5% furlongs ; Welter Handicap, 6 furlongs ; Novice Handicap, & furlongs ; each of 15s. eovs In value ; an$ Hamilton Handicap of SO so vs., 1, mile,. Nominations close with the secretary, Mr. 0\ H. Hocker, at 5 p m. on Monday next. At the morning service in the Ann-street Presbyterian Church to-morrow, the Rev. N. Hey will give an account of the mtsslon work at Mapoon, Entries close on Saturday, 20th instant, for the Jpswloh Amateur Turf Club races, to be held on 5th March. A tournament for the Brisbane Draughty Club championship will commence on Tues-i day evening next, as advertised. The p&$ will be conducted on the double knoçk-ouS system, each pair playing four games. The pairs have heen drawn for, and will tj> found in our advertising columns. Some of the players are very evenly matched, and some good matches are expected in the firs: round. . . The statement of receipts and expepdrtuW of the Division of Tingalpa for th.a, year enan ing 31st December appear & our advertía^ ing columns. ' The Ithaca Shire Council publishes, fa an-, other column their statement ot receipts and expenditure tor the half-year ended 31st December. A list of voluntary subscriptions to the Brisbane General Hospital during the month of January appears in our advertis- ing columns. The loan department of thte National Mutual Is an extensive one,' and Its varjowi special loan methods are largely used., Iii Is almost unnecessary to add tha.t no com-, mission or similar fee Is charged.-(Adyt.) ' The Rev. W. Osborne Lilley, who Intended to leave Brisbane last Thursday for t*w annual meetings of his denomination In Sydney, has been compelled to stay in Bris- bane through an attack of dengue feverv His daughter, MIBS Constance Lilley, Is also suffering from an attack .of this same, malady. ^* Glenloth, who won the Melbourne Cup tn 1892, had a narrow escape ip the recent bush, fire around Longwarry, Gippsland. The place ra which 'he was stabled caught fire, and he was only rescued in the niek of lime. Glenloth, is now stationed at Caulfield, waera he will be again placed in training by Mr, Carmody. ' ^ High-class Tailoring a* less than, priée« charged tor ready-made clothing. Finney, Isles, and (Jo. will, until the termination of their sala, offer trousers to measure at 12s., 6d.. per pair la a choice range of tweedi and w&rst;«d>. These look well, fit well, and wear well. Bend for samples-and- aalt» »eaauramtat "tarni-* 