BUSH FIRES IN THE COUNTRY. GREAT DAMAGE AT NEERIM. NEERIM SOUTH, Monday. The hot weather of last week was,inten- sified here on account of large bush fires raging in several places. One of the most destructive fires that ever visited the dis- trict took place in Neerim last Friday. A fire that had been burning for a week or more in the vicinity of the Tarago River gradually found its way up towards the main road, burning everything before it, and at times travelling with greater speed than a horse could gallop. Messrs. McAdam had all their fencing burnt, seven acres of exceptionally heavy oats, which they com- menced to cut for hay and for some time their homestead were in great danger. On their outhouses and haystacks men had to be kept with buckets of water ready to put out the sparks. All their grass is burnt. Mr McCulloch had fences, grass, and a few loads of hay destroyed. The hay was standing in stooks in the paddock, and it is marvellous that so little was burnt At Mr. Algie's farm grass and fences were burnt. Fortunately the fire did not come near the homestead. Messrs Barr Bros had a deal of fencing and 100 acres of grass destroyed. Messrs Harrison and Son had half-a-mile of fence burnt, and a few acres of oats, which they were cutting. Fortu- nately for them the binders were at work in the paddock, and managed to save the most of the crop. Mr Dean had all his grass and fences destroyed but managed to save his crop. Mr Callow had all his grass burnt, and not a fence left on the place. Mr Batt, a farmer who milks 80 cows, had all his grass burnt, and is at his wits' end to know what to do with his cows. Messrs Mahwhinney, Thwaites, Johnson, and many others are now without fences and grass. The grass at this time of the year was never known to be so dry, and with the strong wind which blew on Friday it was next to impossible to do anything with the fire. About 5 pm a heavy thunder shower fell, which checked the progress of the flames. Had it not been for this Messrs Wilson's and Mc Adams homesteads could not have been saved. In Neerim South Mr Armstrong had his pig-stye burnt, and fowls house. The state school, which adjoins Mr Arm- strong's property would have been burnt to the ground only for the timely help of Mr Armstrong and his men. The school is closed for the holidays, and the teacher away. 