An Agitator's Career. Among the sufferers by the late Vic- torian bush fires is David A. Andrade, who first introduced Anarchism into Australia. In 1885 Andrade, who is a Victorian native, casually came across some copies of Boston Liberty, organ of the Benjamin R. Tucker school of Anarchism, and became impressed with the ideas. He was at this time a mem- ber of the Australasian Secular Associa- tion in Melbourne, presided over by Joseph Symes. Another member of the Association, Fredk. Upham, an American, was soon induced to take the same views, and the two constituted themselves the Melbourne Anarchists' Club, meeting at a table in the A.S.A. room to discuss between themselves and draw in the other secularists who came to enter into conversation with them. In the course of a few months the club was strong enough to take a room above a fruit shop in the Alexandra Theatre, Exhibition- street, Andrade acting as secretary. He got a number of leaflets, and in the latter part of 1886 a paper was proposed. A company of 20 was formed, and in April, 1897, the new venture made its appear- ance under the title of Honesty, with Andrade as editor. It was at first printed by a private firm, but this not proving satisfactory a plant was laid in and printers were employed ; the result, how- ever, was no better, as there seemed to be a peculiar bad luck about the selection of employees. Meanwhile funds were running out. Andrade, nothing daunted, determined to learn the art of typography, and his example being followed by other members; Honesty was thenceforward produced wholly by amateur labor. There was not a better printed little paper in the colony, despite the fact that it was turned out on a hand press, and that the amateur comps. made frequently a beautiful mess of their work, entailing on Andrade, who was as new at the craft as any of them, an enormous amount of correction. One gentleman now con- nected with the Sydney Social-Democrats dropped in in a friendly way one evening and painstakingly set up a stickful of mat- ter with the most workmanlike accuracy, but alas ! he had set it up backwards ! In 1888 great preparations were being made for the Melbourne Exhibition, and in consequence of the expected demand for accommodation the proprietor of the fruit shop gave the club notice to quit. Andrade then conceived the idea of a "Co-operative Home," where a number of those connected with the movement should live together, securing premises large enough to serve also for the pur- poses of the club and the paper. The experiment was accordingly made at No. 47, Beaconsfield Terrace, Victoria Avenue, South Melbourne, but it was not a success. Some of those who had promised to join failed to do so, others began to suffer from the commencing collapse of the boom time, and there was also some ill-feeling consequent upon differences of opinion growing up as to the economic theories to be entertained, and besides, the location was not central enough to keep the club running properly. At the end of the year Andrade took over the printing plant, and after one more issue Honesty disappeared. Its editor lost his employment as bookkeeper to a commercial firm, and set up for himself in a little bookshop and news agency at Brunswick. He managed to get ahead sufficiently to go into larger premises in Russell-street, Melbourne, where he ran also a vegetarian restaurant, and whilst here he wrote, printed and published a novel, entitled "The Melbourne Riots." When the depression became acute Andrade lost everything, and presently getting together what assistance he could, decided to go on the land. He secured a small area adjacent to the Village Settle- ment at Sassafras, off Fern Tree Gully, and has since then been raising his subsistence from the soil—a matter relatively easy for him, as he is a vegetarian—and conducting also a small store, the local post office, etc., up to the other day, when the bushfire swept everything away. 327. When in doubt send your printing to The Worker office, owned by- Trades Unions, and' the fairest office in the; city. ' ' 