NEWS OF THE WOBLD. Bush fires in Launceston, Tasmania. Big bushfires at Mount Gambier. Corbett has retired from the prize ring. Whitwarta, Balaklava, post-office robbed. Big fires in the hills around Adelaide. A magnificent sight at night. Hundreds of settlers burnt oat by bosh fires in the Gippsland district, Victoria. The British fleet on the China station being strengthened. Mr- Alex Hay died at Port Victor on Friday moraine. He was 78 years of a«o. Liautenant-Colonel Claxton, one ot the best known military men in South Aus tralia, is dead. Mr. McBevitt./a barrister of Malvern, Victoria, died on Friday while learning to ride a bicycle. _ Mr. 6. Lane's Belter won the Handicap Steeplechase at the A.RC. Meeting oa Saturday last. J M. I<ockroj has declared that 25 per cent, of the French war vessels are absolutely Unserviceable for war. London Sporting Life says that the Aus tralian cricketers may now fairly claim to be superior to the English eleven. A West Australian servant girl, a recent arrival, committed suicide by saturating her clothes with kerosene and setting them on fire. She died in two hoard. Blizzard in Northern States of America Thirty-six lives lost and $1,000,000 damages done. A collision of trains at Ayrshire, Scot land, on Saturday. Two engines com pletely smashed up and seven passengers killed and many injured. Mr. W. A. Broderick, of Gaffler, died from heat apoplexy while on the way home on Friday. He had only a few yards to go when he fell. Mr. Charles Wells, of Fort Pirie, died from the effects of the heat on Friday. The Crosby lighthouse, at the entrance to the port of Liverpool, has been destroyed by fire. A gale smashed the lantern, ana the burning oil ran down the tower, com pletely destroying the structure, and burning three of the attendants to death. . Mr. Paris Nesbit, Q.C., was released from the lunatic asylum on Monday. Mr. Nesbit contributed a profound letter to Tuesday's Advertiser on " The limits of the universe." A shopkeeper at Gawler has been fined £116s. for sitting on a chair on the fopth path in Murray-street on a hot evening. Some dutiful member of the " foorce" regarded him as an obstruction. The Garden and Field for February is to hand. It contains articles of intercut to farmers, gardeners, and others.-The Journal of Agriculture is also to hand. Both these publications should be in the hands of all producers from the soil. A man named Brown, inventor of a water cycle, crossed the British Channel on the machine, from Newport, Monmouth, to Weston super-mare, a distance of 25 miles, in three hours and a half, without great physical exertion. Brown was fol lowed by a tug boat, with friends on board. Dr. Ramsay Smith's house on East terrace, .Adelaide "burgled." A small jewel safe built in the wall in one room was tampered with but was not opened, and the burglar left as poor as he entered. The house had been shut up for several days, Mrs Smith being away for a holiday, and the doctor in the meantime not using the house. Recently, at the South African Diamond field,' a Kaffir was suspected of being in possession of uncut diamonds and was pursued by the officers of the law. When they came up with him he had just shot one of his oxen. Then they proceeded to search him. They ransacked his scanty clothing, they combed his woolly head, they tried all the usual processes, but never a diamond did they find, and finally they had to retire discomfited. Then the Kaffir proceeded to pick oat from the dead ox's carcase all the diamonds with which his gun was loaded, and which he had firad into the unfortunate beast when lie saw the officers approaching. DISOBEDIENCE IN THE ARMY is looked upon as one of the gravest crimes a soldier) can be guilty of, and in the past it has often been punished with death. The fate of a battle and the lives of thousands of men, let alone our national hopor, have otten been dependent upon the prompt carrying out of what may have seemed a trivial order. Discipline without good health, however, would be like a house without a foundation, therefore great pains are taken to keep our fighting men free from disease. Holloway's Hills have always been found an excellent medicine for this purpose, as in addition to cleansing the blood they invigorate and give tone to the constitution. SOME NEW YORK SWINDLERS. A foreigner writing about us several years ago, after commenting on our peculiar!tiesand customs, declared that New York, above any place he had ever seen, was the most perfect paradise of female swindlers. "Idon't know if there is any spot on the habitable globe where their equals can be found; but they certainly have no superiors" (writes Broadbrim). For years Sophy Lyons was my beau ideal of a first-class female swindler -the boon companion of Dan Noble, Jimmy Hope, Dooney Carson, and other high rollers, and one-bad to be tip top to keep such aristo cratic company. But Sophy Lyons was tip top3 youpg, dashing, handsome, full of confidence. When she was on one of her shoplifting expeditions and had filled her two big bags with all sorts of swag, the store detective, who knew her and who had followed her from the moment she entered the establishment, stepped up beside her and requested her to step into the back office. She turned on him with a stony look of a basilisk and, quietly removing the officer's hand from her shoulder, said, with that grandiloquent air that would have paralyzed a Scotland Yard fly cop:" Take your hand from my person if you please. What do you want?" "I want you to step back into the office." "I shall not." "You shall" "Well you lay it." "All right, I will." The detective raised his hand above his head, and making three sharp passes, three strong young fellows stepped out from the crowd and locked inquiringly At their chief. With face as impassive as an Indian's, he said: "Pick that woman up and carry her into the b tck office." A& the men advanced to obey their chioPs command Sophy's courage forsook her. "Stop," she said in a hoarse whisper, " the jig is up; I'll go; lead on." ** Excuse me, Mrs. Lyons," said the detective. ** Tom, 'show her the way." The whole party, two before &Bd;~ two behind, walked, quietly along,efcciting no attention till the back office was reached, where 6he w is passed over to the female examiner, a :d from the pocket of her jginge - shoplifter's dress plundei was taken raftni 1 at $250. That afternoon's excursion cost Sophy three years of her liberty. Brook lyn.howe ver, has a female crook that for a full and clear understanding of every branch of the business could double dis count any one of the family that New York lias known- for the past twenty years. The name of this phenomenal prodigy is Eleanor Feck,' as sweet and nice little tootsie wootsie little woman as you ever laid your eyes on. "5«s, and she is good, too; that is, I ift&zi; good of her kind. You may cot like the kind, but that is not her faplt. ' One peculiarity of Mrs. Feck's swindles is that she never practiced on poor, ignorant farmers with gold bricke or Klondyke^nuggets. . She.trent among the Wall-street sharps, fellows whose whole lives are spent in .skimming the out side world, and who occasionally get caught in the breakers themselves. Little is known of Mrs. Peck's life before her connection withold Babbitt, the soap maker. It was he who invented the method of giving prizes to servants for using Babbitt's soap. The natural result of the rivalry was that every Judy and Patsy made it a point of honor to nse as many cakes of Babbitt's soap as possible, so they let five or six cakes stand in the washtub over night and in return for their fidelity got a pair of snide earrings or a rhinestone breast pin. Simple as the means seemed old Babbitt made bushels of money; he never examiner) hie books, or if be did it would have done him no'good, for he could not understand them. All he wanted was what money he needed to spend, and that he had in lavish abundance. Everything was left to hi6 bookkeeper, a very worthy and upright gentleman, who, finding the big bonanza unprbteCfwjTthe opportunity that he had been looking Tor all of his life, just salted away to his private account $250,000 and then hurried to prayer meeting to thank the Lord for all of His blessings. The most" astonishing thing in connection with a robbery' so vast was that Mr. Babbitt himself" never missed a dollar, or in fact, knew anything abont it till he was told, and right here is wheie Eleanor Peck first showed her fine hand. When Babbit was told of his loss he didn't believe it and absolutely refused to prosecute his faithful bookkeeper till Mrs. Peck appeared and offered for a certain sum to show him where the entire sum was hidden. The bookkeeper was arrested, tried and convicted and sentenced to a term of state's prison. MI'S. Peck as a starter got $10,000 from Babbitt and kept on getting till she had swindled the old man out of $30,000. Then ^he was arrested, tried for swindling and was sent to state's prison, but old Babbitt never got back a dollar of his money. On hex release she swooped down on the diamond merchants of Maiden lane. Her success was phenomenal. It seemed to be no trouble at all to get diamond merchants to intrust her with their sparkling treasures, from $1,000 to $20,000. By her various diamond swindles she realized nearly $200,000, till at last she was caught and sent to state's prison again. On her release she immediately took a fresh start and this week was caught again, and as the sentences lengthen according to the number of terms served this last one, no doubt, will prevent her furnishing items to the reporters for some years to come. 