BUSH FIRES. ? » ? Local Eelief Fund. \- A public meeting was convened by tbe Mayor for Wednesday evening last, at the Town Hall, to consider what steps should be taken to inaugurate a local reliet fund for the assistance of those who were suffering from the bush fires at pre sent, racrinff in f.hft rtnnnfrv. Owing to their not being fl very large attendance the meeting was held iu the Mayor's room. The Mayor (Cr. A. J. Bain) occupied the chair, and pointed out that the the meeting was called as the result of an- -invitation from the Mayor of Mel bourne . to the. municipalities to raise funds to assist the central fund for the relief of the distressed settlers. He hoped the meeting would form itself into a /inmtniffna a w rl 4*.aVra cf.ona t:rt inftTlfTliriltfi a local fund, Cr. Edwards said this was a matter which they should face iu tue most unselfish spirit. Evervone had some idea of the terrible sufferings undergone by their fellow-countrymen in the bush, but he thought no one without actual experience could realise all tUat had beeu snffered by the burnt-out settlers. Those present had no doubt read day after day the harrowing details furnished by the papers, and he felt that there would be a good response from Port OAclOOuma liU kite up£Wl*l uun veiug u»ugi Mr. Edwards then moved, 'That thoie , .present. .^-jCerm ;-; tbepae)yes sufferers by the bush-fires.*' : -.;.'?'? Mr Sangster, M.L.A.. in seconding the motion, stated that he was rather disap pointed at the sparse attendance, but those present, at any rate, could Jo their utmost to make tbe fund successful. From what he had heard personally the accounts given in the papers are Dot one whit overdrawn. This effort was one which should appeal to all classes of the community. Many of those in the country bad worked hard to help them selves and were fighting their own way towards a livlihood when this disaster overtook tbetn. Had these people not gone into the country many of them WOULCl prQuoiUiy Utt BWtuiLU^ uu ituiao vil the unemployed and walking the streets of Melbourne, and for this reason alone — because they bad manfully endeavoured to help themselves, they were worthy of all the eapport that could be given them. In concluding he would remind the public that every sixpence and shilling was of value at such a time. Mr. Hoylacd, of Korumburra, said the accounts were not overdrawn. He bad hum a onfTpmr himself- and could testify to the amount of suffering endured. In the township of Korumburra nearly every person met with had their eyes and arms bandaged through having had to fight the flames on tba surrounding land, and tbe Mechanics Institute at that place was full of . homeless persons waiting for an opportunity to start life afresh. A detailed coadition of the country, as he had seen it, was also given by Mr. Hoy land. The Mayor said tbat the Stevedores' Laborers were willing to donate some thing towards the funds, although, they did not care about attending the meet ing. Mr- Hayman would like it to be stated plainly whether the money raised was to be given or lent to the settlers. For himself he would rather that it should be given. Ths Mayor thought the Central Com mittee would have to decide that. Dr. Cuscaden said be felt sure that all must sympathise with those wbo had rfet'fflna^^^fetallafa^nl thought that all people in Port Melbourne who wished to subscribe should do so locally. He had already bad to forward some clothes to an old schoolfellow in Gippsland, who actually had not a suit to stand up in. Mr. MicKen (Urotunj drew attention to tbe statements made by some that the fires would do more good than harm. He was not going to dispute that in years to come advantage would be reaped from the fires, but something must be done iu the meantime to help those who bad been Ifcft totally unable to help them selves, He was not speaking for himself, because he bad not suffered like some others, but he knew that aid would be very badly required by many. Mr. G. Dillon gave a graphic descrip tion of the fires as it bad been told to him by an old man who had been in the midst of them. He then offered a per formance by the Excelsior Club towards the fund. Cr. Edwards moved — ' That the offer of the Excelsior Club be accepted.' Dr. Cusoaden seconded the motion, which was carried. After subscription-lists bad been handed round, the meeting terminated. 