Our Melbourne Letter. BY TO DIAS. The amenities of municipal life arc observed after a breezy fashion down Fit- zroy way. Some of the councillors would appear to have a standing brief for that elíofco and grand motherly institution, tho Metropolitan Gas Company. Others not imbued with such veneration for antiquarian relics support a proposal by private enterprise to supply t^e stieet lamps with gas at an annual saving of £250 per annum. The antagonistic elements became at once inflamed, and there was the devil to pay straight off. Councillor Dentist Oldfield " went" at once for sundry and several, and was not appeased until physical exhaustion supplied the needful respite. The episode is not calculated to promote the dignity of civic institutions. I can itbagjnt what a howl of indignation would be raised by the representatives of law and order in your neighbourhood,, amongst scoree of other municipal districts, if the oppositionists in your shire council resorted to this discreditable aud primitive method of settling their disputes. Men. v:.ho are unable to discuss public interests without a resort to thc weapons of blackguardism should never have emerged from, private life.. * * * * * # * * Whenever the Turner Government goes to pieces it will confront its doom on the inhospitable and rock-bound shore of finance. The Turner Government has acted not only with commendable discretion, but with sound sense and admirable prescience, when it undertook to p r ove to the world in general, and the British capitalist in particular, that we were able to weather the storm through the healthy vigour of. our personal resources, and without an appeal to the British investors for borrowed capital to help us in. the hour of our extremity. Ths wisdom of that policy is justified by the popularity of our securities to-day compared with that of half a dozen years ago. The question now arises, however, is it expedient to continue this principle of making the burden harder than circumstances demand or necessity requires ? It is not the policy of borrowing that can., injure us to-day, under the renewed confidence our heroic exertions have created, but the.folly of spending unwisely under the light of a. bitter experience» There is little danger', of the-latter, or we are worse than mi ad-' men. A million or two now spént in useful and reproductive works, and not in the senseless railway extravagance of thc past, would do more towards the rehabitation of hope and confidence and prosperity than a dozen years of scraping and retrenchment. The time has come when the people will insist upon such wise statesmanship ; and if the Turner Government does not bow to the blast it will break, as surely as the stoutest gumtree before the unappeased fury of the tornado. It would he just as well Sir George Turner rccognised this fact before the time for action shall have passed away from his administration. » # * * # * * * « * . The ladies who haye the control of the women's hospital are now undergoing a few of the pangs inflicted by the dischurgcd arrows of retributive justice. They find the burden of managing the institution no sinecure, owingto the misconduct of the resident medical students, who would by their indifference appear to scorn petticoat government in its public and administrative capacity. They get roaring drunk in company with outside visitors, whom they admit to their rooms contrary to regulation. They visit their beds in their shirt sleeves, while in a condition that does not lend itself to confidence on the part of the suffering women on the threshold of maternity. They scorn all regulations while complying with a university rule which makes attendance a necessity to the granting of a diploma. And yet in the face of all this when applications are called for resident doctors the appointment on all but one occasion was given to men instead of women. The first woman who got the appointment was improper enough to marry the resident male medico. For this outrage on proprietry the women-who manage the- hospital set their faces against women doctors for all time. How charmingly characteristic of women ! How like the liberality of the consistent sex ! They have made their bed, and, thought it be one of thorns, it is only just tbat they should lie upon it. Few will extend a» superfluous sympathy to the " sufferers." * * * * * • * * * * True wit is described by a son of the muses as, " what oft we thought but ne'er so weil expressed." Sir Henry '•/'.•"'x-.'-'v v;>in!--n- of the risine penerahttii, accorUiiig to the puei's deiuiuum. I Wc have often thought as Sir Henry ' thinks, but we have expressed our thoughts time out of mind just as explicitly as the learned and cultured Victorian Knight. Sir Henry, as a member of a deputation to the minister of education last week, inveighed strongly against the tendency of our free system of education. The ambition of every boy, says Sir Henry, is " to. wear a black coat and to drive a quill pen." It is unnecessary to punctuate the truth of this statement by illustrations taken from evrey day experience. A boy prefers now-a-days 5 bob a week sweeping out an office and running messages to 15 shillings a week acquired through " the degradation »f labour." To sweep out an office is no humiliation, but to stand by a carpenter's table Í3 degradation of the lowest measure. And this is exactly the feeling- which our present system of education tends to generate and foster. We want to be gentlemen without being partakers of the drudgery our fathers have had to encounter t We are being educated to know our own worth—our fathers were not! If we cannot be clerks, then we will make another efl'oit to be gentlemen, and, content ourselves- with being tramconductors and grip-men ! And the worst of it all is that the ambition is not confuted to towns and cities alone ; it is rural and universal. » * » » * The Argus" is m luck. Ko sooner has the enthusiasm evoked by the Fever Hospital movement died out, and its big bid for popularity over its " niagnilicient munificence" been forgotten, than fortune lias again played into its hands through the medium of the Gippsland bush-fires. As a bid for popularity with its newest love, the farmers, nothing could be more oppor tune. One cannot help reading between the lines, and noting its exuberance at the '' auspicious" calamity. The fund is the Argus creation ; its discovery is the special patent of the <( Argus." Mr David Syme is not the man, however, to let the " Argus" take the wind out of his sails. He has contributed £100, or within a hundred shillings of the Argus" splash. What a fortunate thing for the poor Gippsland sufferers is this newspaper rivalry, going on for years' but intensificd-since- the proprietor of the " Age" equipped an army in miniature, to -invest London in a season of universal peace and rejoicing throughout the British empire. If the •« Age" advertises itself on the leader page, the Argus" does not forget its opportunities under heavy leaded type in its news colum-ug. So mote it b3 ! * * « * *. * # * McLaren presented Iielly with a bat, when performed the feat of catching the brilliant English batsman at the wickets at the close of his magnificient innings at Adelaide. Talk of courtesy after this ! Lord Chesterfield, the pink of representative politeness, could not have excelled this in his day. Now, if the cases were reversed, and McLaren caught Kelly, I have a 6trong presentiment that the man with a flavouring of Milesian blood in his veins would be tempted to " lay out"* the foe that treated him with such discourtesy. I am judging Kelly by myself. I have a " small taste" of Irish blood in my own veins, and I know what I would be tempted to do do under the circumstances. If McLaren were a Frenchman there would be do incongruity in such politeness. ( But an Englishman with Scotch blood in his veins ! Out upon the mendacious statement! The whole thing must have been a ludicrous hoax. * * * * # * * * * Trail, a London litterateur of some note, has been deputed to write the life of the Prince of Wales. I have as little faith in such histories, as faithful biographies of men still living, as I have in even the most authentic antobiograpliies.. Is it likely, I ask, thot Albert Edward is the man to supply Trail or any other man with all the spicy incidents of. his life,, that would alone make the volume worth reading ? If he would do so Edward Albert is not the man I take him for. Let Trail guarantee the public that the veil of the past—never mind the present—will be not only lifted bat thrown: aside,.and: 1 can promise htm that the future King's banking account will be in credit to the last day of his long and unventful life. Tho biography Trail is likely to write will be only bought up by. the •'Johnnies" and the women of the Social Purity movement,, on. the look out for something they will never. gefc. * #- * * # * * * The Federal Convention»is in-session. Just began a day or two ago.; but up to the present the process of getting, up steam is the only conspicious feature of the gathering. And while the fires are being lit, an occasional banquet.or tw.o, <?•:••. !':)•:•) t(> the furnace of patriotism. It is wonderful thc effect these chajnpagu 0 reunions have on the great natioua 1 movement Mvn who were indiffercut, and cold-blooded, and devil-may-care an hour ago become at once imbued with a per-fervid enthusiasm that looks as if it would carry all before it. Next day when the excitement tones down, and • 8 enlarged head assumes its normal rotundity, the enthusiasm has waxed dim, and every fellow goes bald-headed r screwing as much as he can out of his unyielding neighbour. Anything said at a banquet, no one cares to takeseriously. Federation has not got beyond the banquetting stage ra Melbourne so far. 