ReYiew. AT DAWN AND DUSK. ; POEMS' BY VICTOR J. DALKY. (Jlftgus and -Robertson, publishers, Sydney. J Of all the Australian poets Daley is the most difficult to criticise. The reviewers so far haye . agreed, in stating that his poems are characterized by. poetic beauty, and are less distinctively Australian than those of our other writers.. The first part of the dictum is -true, the second is not. Of that rough outline-sketching of local things, which has hitherto been accorded a ' monopoly of the title ' local coloring,' Daley does not exhibit much ; but, keep ing to the pictorial simile, we- may . say; ! that in place of the catchy pencil-cartoon - he gives us the landscape in oils. : If the following is not labelled 'local descrip tion '—if it is given only as a setting, to a mental mood' — yet where, if not from nature as in this' land 'manifested^ does itTinspiratioh'cdme from f ' : ' TKete'was' np water in tiie' land. : -,; ?; '' 2 '? P^ep in tBe night of each ravine'^ ' ? *A Men, vainly searching for it, found Dry hollows in the gaping ground, I . i. ' ' i Like sockets where plear-eyes had been, .- Now 'burnt out with a burning brand. A dull, strange langour of disease, That even with the heat increased, Fell upon man and bird and beast ; The |Mn- flanked cattle gasped; for breath ; * ? The birds dropped 'dead from idrooping trees ; And meD, who drank the muddy lees . From each near-dry though deep-dug well, Grew faint ;!and over aE things fell : : - A heavy stupor, dank as Death. Gray rocks grinnerd -under ridges bare, Like dry teeth in a mouldered skull. . And l saw Sorrow ' everywhere : ' In blackened trees and rust-red ferns, Blasted by bushfires and~the sun. Daley has struck his keynote in this 41 Fragment ''—one of the earliest com positions reproduced in the book : a note of melancholy, with which the forms and forces of £Ee external environment are set in unison. He selects the motive and commands the plains and mountains and forests to play the tune to those who can hear theirvoices. But it is not alone the subjective emotions of ; the imagination that he sways, though it is still by them that he works when he would make his theme the concrete sufferings of humanity ; witness these extracts from ' The Martyr ' . j y ? ' ~ A For the sake of her orphan children, For mouey to buy them food, ; She had slaved in the dismal liovel* -? : ; ' ' i ' And wasted her womanhood. ; . ; . / The trees were waving signals . Ofc joy from: the bush beyond ; ? /lj Tlie- jgilm iWblue-gj^ banner. ' '' ^-'TE^fern its dark greeai' frond ; ? ? ' Andy- deep'in'the distant -nrngesj;' The magpie's fluting song? Roused musical, mocking eehoes ' t ' In the woods of Dandenong ^ And riders were galloping gaily With loose-held flowing reins ;$;%} Through dim and shado,wy gulUes, ? ; ???J Across, broad treeless plains ; ? . j _ And wiiids through the Heads qame wafting A. brekth of life from the.sea, And over;the blue horizon' ;; . . - The afiiips sailed silently ; . . \ But in dreams alone she saw them, . - Her hours of toil between ; 'i For life to her was only A heartless dead machine. . It is the' same in that story of the, heroic element of rough bush-life, ' His Hate '—the story of Andy Blane, ? A stark old sinner, and a stout, as ever Blue swag has carried through That grim -wild land men name the Never-Never, Beyond the far Barcoo, who bestows his last drop of water on a stranger, and, himself dying of thirst, \- discovers at Heaven's gate? his exempli fication of the text, ' Inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of these My children, ye:have dpne it unto Me.' By common consent this poem is sublime, but without the impress of the desert scenery; upon it ..the remainder would have only a serio-comic effect. It is in reality as ^landscape -poet, and therefore a local fcolpiristt that-Daley is most power ful ; n-jt as a landscape poet, ior he does ifotSseek f o « describe for '? mere portraiture's sake, but 'as ''inasmuch as whatev|r he feels, Qr;wishe^therreader':to, feel, h| does not essay to expound fully, in direct words, but conjures up plain ' and buah, hill, rqck,. and wind to impart the sentiment in their -own language— which 4s (to quote from ' A bunset Fantasy') ?-'' A- melody that has no words fOf mortal speech a part, .7 ; J s Tet touching all the deepest chords bThat tremble in the Heart, -r - | ^ ? 327. 