GRASSHOPPERS. How ? these ? little visitors hopping about the dusty and stony and barren Melbourne streets awaken thoughts^ the fitness of things, and of the peculiar forms which the alleged lovingnesB of Nature takes at times, . and of a lot of other tilings ! They make me think of the ' idiot mother?' theory of Nature,' and'ohce or twice I shrinkingly applied the same theory to Providence till the Name checked me, and all the tilings that Milton talks aboiit with those philosophic outcasts , on a Hell hillside seem to be holding discussions over these little hoppers. ':? ' Fix'd fate, free will, foreknowledge absolute,' tke sur yival of .the fittest, the law of competition, .human limita tions, and human conceit— all these things jostled with me as 1 gazed at a score of these little pilgrims manfully trying to climb the Russell-street gaol wall in search of sustenance on that 109deg. day last week. They all jostled, these ideas, and they and I, like our friends, the devils, ' found no end in wandering mazes lost.' ? These visitors appear in such strange situations, and- all ap pear 'to be so full, of hope that all's for the best in this best of all possible worlds, that one begins to wonder whether mail, too, is not much as thoy are. One asks one's self- involun tarily what North Wind brought us hither, for what hidden design was it mat we snouiu uii(_-bH.s-wi&iiiy; iuu uy umnrv wuno for' a sust&nance; of \ body or jsoul which is not. and never* will be there, whether we are crushed like the. poor hoppers ninder the heedless feet of unseen spirit nal or - 'demonic -passers-by on the hard flagged footpaths of the Universe, 'whether mischievous unseen boys and girls pick us up and ?pact us in tins, and pluck our limbs oft' for the fun of the ?thing, whether we are cur3ed by some spiritual farmers for ?our devastating effects on spiritual crops and grass lands, ?whether occult entomologists are prescribing; Paris green and 'kerosene mid castor-oil-plant belts for our destruction, and What and where were the bush-fires that sped us from our ?natural haunts to fester and to starve and, hopeful all the ffcitne, to hop our best to our inevitable destruction in these great .cities where' we now rind ourselves ! The .doctrine of the survival of the fittest is represented herein -.?all its non- moral nakedness. It is not the patient ^ra-Hsboppc, nor the best jumper, nor the most judicious ' jumper, that survives, but the 'pre-ordained' one that is swept by a gust to a preen patch, or who lights by sheer accident witU'his head turned to a little gutter-pool, or who finds 'hifflsrtlf, also by accident, in a crevice where the foot patb^passe.ijo^i' can't crush him when.it .crushes his stronger and better neighbour an inch off. OnV'climbs a plaster wall, and Btavveis a& a reward for his perseverance ; his mate hops n foot favthur, and, climbing, finds a pep pnr- tree's leaves to reward him i:o i1 his perseverance. And no doubt in the poli tical economy and ethics of grasshopperland the folly and tbriftleBsness of the former is condemned, as strongly as the accidental l:- resight and ' fitness' of the latter is extolled. Yes, one can learn much from the little creatures, not the least important fact being the confirmation, which observa tion of them in town and country gives, of the truth of the recent TooCK maxim, that 'Love and Hunger are the Bimetallism of Nature.'1 AUSTRALIAN POETRY. Despite (he recent onr.pouriiigs of good verse on our parched litftrary plairrj, mainly through patient 'Bulletin' Artesian bores— don't smile here, please I —the lover of Australia, the believer in her ultimate greatness, and the dreamer of the great dramas that are to become her realities one day, are lar irom ,sat;isneu wilii uie iyricni supplies avaitaoie xor ner people. I 'jo n't mean so much the scholarly work, or the mere horsey or station life verse, or the sickly-sweet business, or the ordinary humdrum '-family-circle' poem — there are plenty ol: the^e and to spare, with a few really good ones among the straw-stack. I mean the verse that the ' common crowd,' the ' piish' I feel i& my own ' push,' will 'cotton' to, will lilt naturally, and which they are badly in want of. In default of having such poems, they have to fly to the banalities arid indecencies of the London Music-hall stage, or occasionally to solace themselves with fragments of such im perfectly-constructed but ' racy- of- (he-soil' pieces as ' The wild Colonial Boy,' ' The Banks of Itiverine,' or 'I Never Will be a Wild Reiver Xo More.' The said 'common crowd' is simply ravenous, and-, its concertina or mouth- organ is thirsting, for a score of veises of this nature in sentiment, with racy tunes to them that suggest themselves without effort. We want a native Australian literature badly, for it's the very fire-matter of the, kneading of a nation. And we want a real literature- -not one that Profs. Morris or Tucker will quote, or that Philistines or Fitchetts will boom, but one that the people will recognise as part of their daily lives, one which will become of the people. And we can do it, if we make up our minds about it, and stop bothering about foreign models, the surroundings and in spirations of whose lives are utterly alien to those of ours. All about the bush, and, here and there in the cities, are poets in embryo if they only knew it, who would be much better employed at this, their destined and natural work, than in constructing the dreary slabs of artificial verse in imitation of the said foreigners or of obsolete Australian models with which they pester so perpetually the life of the average editor. I'll return to the subject again when I have time, and must conclude now with quoting a passage from Thomas Davis with reference co a similar need in Ireland. This passage was fruitful of a harvest of good sweet ripe song, and perhaps one may hope that its appositeness to us may make its quotation not, without effect in 'Victoria. He calls on his countrymen to fill up the gaps that existed then in the Irish minstrelsy, and goes on : — '? If they be poets, they can do so. If they be men of bounding animal siirits, who love the rise because of its toil and the descent because of its speed — who have giown up amid thecornrmm talk and pictures of nature — the bosomed - lake amid, rocks like a woman in a warrior's arms, the endless sea with its roaring or whispering fringes, the mantled or glittering or thundering night, the bleak moor, the many voiced trees, the bounding river : if they be men who have passionately loved, and ere philosophy raised them above it, ardently hated : if they be men generous in friendship, hearty at the hearth, tranced by sweet or maddened by btrong sounds, sobbing with unused strength and fiery for freedom and glory, then they can write lyrics for every class in Ireland.' 