CORRESPONDENCE. Bairnsdale January 18th Dear Cinderella.— I have been staying at my Uncles for the last fortnight. We liavo 15 chickens and twenty hens, but the hens are not laying very well. We have two dogs and four cats. I have four doves, and mv Eister has ton cannrioR. My Father 1ms a largo orchard and we have got a good lot of fruit this year. I have five sisters, aud three brothers My sister saw a snake in our orchard but sho did not kill it. I have a pony, and bo has in' sister. Wo are milking nine cows but we do not inake much butter. This is all the news I cau think of this time. I remain your loving friend MARJORIES BEATRICE GREENWOOD. Aged 11 years and 5 months. | Myrtlo Villa Jan. 1 mt. 98. Keysborough. Dear Cinderella,— I am in the fourth class at school. Wo have a large orchard I have been going to sunday- school ever siuco I was four years old, and got the first prize ever) year. We went out for a drive on boxing day and I enjoyed myself very much. Plcaso Cinderella put this letter in ''Tho Lender" if you think it is good enough. I think I have told you all the news this time. I remain your little friend II yrs. MAPLE E. ANDREWS. Donnybrook, W.A., January 10b Dear Cinderella,— there are plenty of flowers here we go for a , nice long walk we live near Mr Hedges saw mill tho men live in tents and huts we have Georgie and joey to play with. I wish I went back to Victoria. Wo havo a little kitten Mother is going to get some lions I hope you will put my letter in "The Lender" please will you eend mo a collecting card and I will get money for the sick children. I must finish my letter from your little friend EILEEN KATE FORBES. Age 8 years 1 month. Victoria Valley, Jan 16th, 1898. Dear Cinderella,— I will begin ray letter by telling you how I spent my Christmas holidays. Ou Christmas morning I went to the creamery. In the after noon wo went fishing, but we did not catch many. The next Monday we went to a picnic. It was very hot, but I enjoyed myself very well. Ou New Years Day we weat fishing again, and cnuglit about fifty. The grass-hoppers arovery bad here. They have eaten the leave3 off all our fruit trees. We will start Bchool on Mon day 17 th Jan. in tho fifth class. I go to the crcamry but not every day. Wo are milking twelve cows at present. We got six or seven gallons a day. As this is the first time 2 havo written to you I liopp to see this letter in " Tho Loader." I remain your affectionate friend, WILLIAM E. CRAWFORD. Age 13 years. Howe's Greek, 8th January, 1898. Dear CivnieRRr.T.A,— I was much disappointed at not seeing my last letter in "The Loader." My Father gets "The Leader" overy week. Our School teacher's name is Miss Knox and she is very nice. Bhe it learning us sewing and knitting. I have five sisters ana three brothers. I go to school every day and I am in tho third class. I went to a Picnic on Boxing day, and I enjoyed mysolf very much. Wo have a pretty white rabbit; Tliis is all the news this time. Please put this letter in "Tho Leader."— I remain your little friend CHRISTINA GOUGH. Ago 10 years. Please may I write again. Yea, Christina, I stroll bo bappy to hear from you again.— Cindkkella. Port Fairy Dear Cinderella,— I hopo that you will accept me as ono of your many nieces. It is a long time since wo Lave had anv rain and most of the people are short of water so I hopo it will soon rain. I like muling the Chilrtrens 1'nge very much. My mother has, the agency ror "Tho Loader" and will til8® aI"\\.ma"-v?t!ler 1'ipors. Now I J','." eU -vo» about my pets. I have two nimries one parrots nnd the other for canaries of which we have 30 wo have two littio kittens named Tabby nnd Jet, 3 rosellao and two love parrots 2 Java sparrows, a magpie and a lau-h- lng Jnck ass and a black and tan terrier. This jotter is for tho Prize Competition of 1893 and I hopo it will gain n prize. With love nnd kisses to you dear Cinderella I remain vour loving niece I'EARI, BEST. Age 14 years and 1 month. Gentleman's Scat, Pittsworth, Queensland. nr.. n 13th January 93. - Dkar Wo have had a nice lot of rain np here juat lately. LaBt year my two brothers went out hunting, and they caught a littio Wallaroo tliey brought it home and we reared it, when it was a year old it died. My Bister Violet went to "3 dnoy for a holiday she has been away seven months ; and my eldest sister went for her last month. Our fruit is juat getting ripe now. e have a lot of water melons ripe now in our garden, we weighed one of the biggest melons it weighed (30) thirty pounds. I have been writ ing to my cousin Edith Carter in Victoria alio is at Glenisla. I have got a littio pet lamb and I I pet calves, and a magpie we had three pet magpies ; and two died. We have a nice lot of figs ripe now they are so nice. I like read ing the children's column. My brother Willie has a good Majic lantern he has not shown it for a long time now. We have started a Band of Hope it 19 to be next Thursday. I remain your friend, JANE EDITH MUIRHEAD. Rathmore, Tyers, 13th Jan 98. Dear Cinderella, — 3® have two cats and their names are Nigger and Punch and one dog Wo are milking cows I like reading the Children column vory much We have a big orchard and Vegetable Garden I have a flower garden and it look vory miserable There was a great bush fire here yesterday it burned down a lot of our fences wishing you luck with the cot 1 must Con clude With lovo Your little friend NGRAH H. B ARBOR. Age 12 year. I -write again Please put ray letter in Ihe Leader." Brimpaen 17 1 1 1 97. Dear Cinderella, — I am sending back my card, also a poBtal note tor 10s. Gd,, which I hope you will receive alright. J am sorry it is not more, but I hope to do better next time. We have had some dreadful hot weather lately. One day last week the glass registered 1144 in the shade. Father is going down to Hamilton tomorrow to see the English Cricketers. Ho is going to see my Grandfather at Redruth when he is down. Our school is going to open on Wednesday. A little boy from "Brimpaen" has been in the Horsham Hospital for nearly 12 months with a sore leg. On New Years Day, wc were over at the Brim Springs and Rosebrook Races, and we had fine fun. We did not get home till 10 o'clock at night. I am trying the "Writing Competition.' I will conclude now aud remain Dear Cinderella you loving friend RACHEL DUNTON. Age 12 yra, 10 mths. Geelong January 4th 1898 Dear Cinderella, — Our school broke up on Friday, December 24th, and I was dux of tho find class. I got a nice book called Little Frolic, I have two sis ters and three brothers, Annie and Edna, Jim, Corrin and George. ffj I have h nice teacher, her name is Miss Hocking.— I remain jour little friend, BESSIE FLEMING. Aged 7 years and 11 months. Echuca Jan 16 | 1 | 98 Dear Cinderella,— I have never written to you before, but as my father takes "Tho Leader" regularly every week I thought I would like to write to you. I am in the Ministering Ohsldrens League here, and we sow for the Missioner'ys Dear Cinderella will you please send mc a card and I will try and collect for the cot. I will not write any more just now. — From J2LSIE MURRAY' Ago 10 years 10 months Ivoleigh Raymond Island January 3rd 189S Dear Cinderella,— It is a long time since I wrote to you last, but I was waiting to see whether I could get my card filled up. I have not got many names on it yet, but I will send it as soon as I can. Wc are having our Christmas holidays now, we have one month. I am trying for the prize for the best written sentenco and I hope I succeed in getting it. We went to Eagle Point on Boxing Day, the thermometer registering 90 deg. in tho shade and not a breath of wind j going over. We also went to a concert which I was held in the Mechanics' Institute on Boxing Night at Payncsville and I took part in it. I got first prize this year in the 4th clnss also my j certificate at school and my brother Willie got first prize in the second. We went to Metuug on New Year's Dny in Papa's boat and it blew very lmrd coming home. I must now conclude hoping to see this letter in print in tho next "Leader." Wishing you a very happy Now Year. I remain your affectionate friend OTTOLINE M. GRONHEIT. Age, 12 years and 2 mths. Molos worth 14—1—93 Dear Cinderella, — Seeing the "Children's Column" in "Tho Lender," I was delighted to see so many nice letters from both girls and boys, and I thought I would like to write ono also. I live iu Sydney, but \l am staying here formy holidays. Tho harbor of Sydney is considered to be one of the moat beautiful, and indeed I think it is. I like being over here very much, and am enjoying myself splendidly. Wo have n good many pets hero ; one of them a dog named Paddy will fol low us about wherever we go. We caught a very pretty parrot a short time ago, and in less than a weok, after wo had been teaching him, he could say "Pretty Joey." We have a pretty little canary, which sings very nicely, but ho has now got a bad log. I think something has bitten it. There is a good bit of fruit this year, but the parrots have eaten a grcat deaL I a good many, and sometimes I go for a row In tho boat, which is very pleasant. Wc are having dreadfully hot weatfior here, and there are bushfires about, whioh have destroyed a great deal of grass. The snakes are getting plentiful here, nndyesterday wc killed one, which was just entering the house. Now Dear Cinderella, I must draw to a close, hoping this letter will be fit tor "Tho Leader," I remain yours very sincerely ISABEL SLOAN Elmhurst 13 1 1 98. Dear Cinderella— It is a long time ainco I last wrote to you, so I will see what news I can toll. It is vory dry here now and nearly all the crocks are dry in some places. Some of our apples are ripa and our grapes will soon bo ripe. Our school wiU open next Mouday and I nm rathor.sorry. Our peaches are ripe and I am very fond of them. We havo started a fiuit Bhop in Elmhurst and wo have ft lot of fruit in it. Woll Dear Cinder- JJpk mi19 clse now hoping to see this in I he Leader" and wishing you a happy new year. I remain your iovimr friend ' _ MAY RAPKINS. ageu iu yrs and 9 mths. Coinp; No. 1, Class B. 