v-SIMMAtiY OF LATE HEWS. The Stock Board Council dcaa not approve of letting stock route No. 19,922 for lease for 28 years. The Council intends to protest againsb the proposal. . The weather forecast yesterday predioted a cool change and ram. The prize won by Miss Agnes Maloney ' in the Trinity College Musical Exam, will be presented shortly. The Mechanics' Institute committee sre arranging for the dbli very of scientific lectures. The railway to Condobolin wiil be opened 1st March. . . Complaints are made of delay in distribut ing the Victorian Bushfires Relief fund. The prospects of federation just now are not encouraging. Thomas Clear was committed for trial on a charge of arson at Walbundrie. Rev. Father Campbell has been tranferred from Junee to Wagga Wagga. Rev. Father. Carroll has been transferred from Wagga to Crookwell. Much damage has been done by a storm at Dubbo. ., Orchards were destroyed and huge gum trees uprooted. . Mr. Whitton, late engineer-in-ehief of rail ways, died on Sunday. Madame Albani met with a most enthu siastic reception in Sydney. The attendance at her opening concert on Wednesday was exceptionally large. A man named William Reynolds was stabbed in the main street of Echuca on ?Friday;-;-; His a'ssailant said 'What lies have you been telling -about me ?' and then plunged a knife into his heart. The blade just missed the heart and Rey noldBonwill probably recover. The Secretary for War in England an nounces that compulsory military service will be introduced If necessary. The V.R.C. autumn meeting will com mence to-morrow. - A serious washaway en the Cooma line occurred on Thursday. a ' -. But for the cautiousness of the driver the mail train would have been wrecked. As it was the passengers were Imprisoned all night in the carriages. . The indications in New Guinea point to the probability of trouble with the natives. The latter have been busy making spears and clubs, and state that they are now pre pared to meet the whites again. . Thomas Bracken, the poet, died last week at Dunedin. Two hawkers, believed to be Frenchmen, have been drowned at Bungendore. The annual election of Sheep Directors took place on Friday. A discovery of alluvial gold is .reported on the Gladstone railway line, Queensland. The sinking is shallow, and good prospects are said to have been obtained. The maize crops in the Bega distriot have been ruined by the floods. The question of colonial postage rates is being considered in London. A suggestion has been made for reducing the rate from 2|d, to 2d. A team of N.S.W. swimmers laffc Sydney on Saturday for New Zealand. It will compete at the championship meet ing to be held at Christchuroh. Walter Biddle was granted a decree nisi in the Cowra divorce case. The Postmaster-General considers another ocean cable necessary. The interruptions on the long land lines tell against the existing system. The farmers of Viotoria propose to export 100,000 bags of wheat to improve the local market. The obsolete guns of the Nelson were in great demand as Btreet ornaments. They have all been distributed to various provincial towns. The Colonial Ammunition Co. in Mel bourne is about to manufacture cordite* The island of Amboyna was visited by an oarthquake on 6th February. * Fifty people were killed and 200 wounded. Nearly all the buildings were completely wreoked, Typhoid fever is rapidly increasing in Mel bourne. ? . There are now more patients in the Alfred Hospital than at any time in the last eight years. Parliament has been prorogued until the 18th March. It 1b not, however, likely ta reassemble be fore April. Mr. L. Whitbhead, bank manager at Hay, w&a; presented with a purse of 100 sovereigns on Monday. Mr. Whitehead has been promoted to Warrnambool. Terrible floods are reported In the Pambula distriot. 26 J inches fell in four or five days. Mr. Brunker has at length gone to Mel bourne to take parb in the Federal Conven tion. . A hut built of granite is to be ereoted on the summit of Mount Koaoiusko. This will form' part of the permanent observatory. The observatory will be conneoced by tele phone with the telegraph system. This for the winter months will be the only moans of communication. The New South Wales Government con* tributes £336 to the oosb. ? 