THE LIGHT THAT CAST NO SHADOW ss^Płjy^^Stn-^^Te^of Indi^° who llv« 3ip among the Himsday-ł mountains, i •la !i!,;n it if said, have devoted .cor™ of y. u.rs K- the ^tudy ot natu-al laws i and fo*ces. which ch*J rest of the world 1 knows nothing about. Lately a' Gerinae j professor visited the "adepts," as thesf ' queer Hindus are called, for the purpose on j finding out the secret of their remarkable j \- . . , , . .. \- T » Z 1 • ecurnly.but interested h,m all the same. One day the professor wanted to examine some ancient Sansknt manuscripts. An adept went with him to a cave wherein tho books were kept. The place was dark as the bottom of a well. * "I can't see to read, here," said the visitor. *'Then we will have some light," was the reply, and immediately (the professor says) a soft, pearly light brightened the cave He could not tell whence it came, but he noticed that it had one strange quality—it east.not the digMcst shadow. This is a Btoiy hard to believe, yet its truth is affirmed by a man of vast learning and high character, and yon who now read it have no reason for doubt except that all the lights you have seen have cast shadows. Belief or unbelief commonly runs parallel with one's own experience. Dc. Johnson sniffed at the account of the Lisbon earthquake, yet credited the tale of the Cock Lane ghost. A man who has been ill for years, and failed tofindaenre, is sceptical when friends tell him of a medi:ine which they believe will make him well. What else but doubt could Tfisttlt from his experience ? Take an example:— "'In the spring of 1888," writes oar corres-: pondent, "I fell into a low, weak, and languid state. I felt low-spirited and ont of sorts. At first my stomach was deranged, my appetite poor, and after eating I bad pain and weight at the chest. I was mnch troubled with wind, and frequently spat up a sour fluid, also bitter bilt,. Later on I suffered from nervousness and great depression of spirits. I kept np with my work, but had always a sense of discomfort. Off »nd on I continued in this way for two years, nothing that I took relieving me. At last I heard of Mother Seigel's Syrup, and procured a supply. After I had taken omly a few doses I found relief; my food digested, and gradually all nervousness left me. Al-> though I had no reason at first to feel any confidence in this medicine, never having need it or seen it used, I now gladly admit its value, aud its pawer over disease. Since my TtiCOTory, for which I thank Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup, I have been in the best of health and spirits. In the interests of suffering humanity I deem it a duty to send you this testimony. (Signed) D. Griffiths, tailor and outfitter, 151. Hockley Hill, Birmingham, June 8th, 1893." There is a deal of difference between Mr. Griffiths candid letter and the story about the light that cast no shadow. The latter may be true enough, but it cannot be veri fied without more trouble than it is worth. On the other hand we have a trustworthy witness who will answer letters of inquiry, and can be found at his address. Finally there is nothing mystic or magical about Mother Seigel's Curative Syrnp. It acts on the theory that most ailments are but symptoms, forms, or phases of that universal disease—indigestion and dyspepsia; it cures that, and throws the light of health and happiness over hearths and homes where illness and pain had cast such dark and terrifying shadows. And that is why people believe all that is told of its success by eager witnesses. . At Footscray recently the President ot i Braybrook shire, who has become an amateur photographer, was in the act of taking a ! "snap shot" of Henry Nelson's house, when 1 the latter took a " snap kick" at the apparatus and capsized it. For that Nelson was fined 10s, with 15s damages, and 27s costs. Six youths have been arrested on charges of having capitally assaulted a woman at Ballarat. Marine store keepers are prohibited by law from making purchases from children under 15 years of age. At Korumbnrra, on Saturday last, a cashbox which had been stolen three years ago was found in a hollow log near the town. The box bad experienced bushfires, but a cheque-book, two postal notes, and a number of papess which it contained were bnt little damaged. The cash (£35) of course had disappeared. Penshurst, in the western district, on July 28, was suddenly deprived of telepraph communication, some mischievious individuals having cat the telegraph wires leading to and from the town. Mr C. M. Watson, solicitor, was on Monday suspended from practice for 18 months on a charge of having improperly retained money belonging to a client; the suspension to continue until Watson paid to the client £889 8s 2d, with the costs of the application. The order was made by Chief Justice Sir John Madden. 