NEWS IN BRIEF. Messrs J. G. Johnstone and Co. will hold their monthly pig sale to-day. Thursday next has been g?zetted a bank half-holiday at Colac, and a whole holiday at Beeao. Dr C. E. Hill, dentist, of Melboorne, wi!l visit Colac on Thursday next, when h- may be consulted at the Union Club Hotel. The committee of the Colae ilorticul tursl Society have fixed Thurslay, 5:h May, as the date of the next autu?on sho,. Out of 646 rams shipped on board the Katoomba at Sydney for transport to rP.xk hampton 260 were washed overboard cr died from exposure. Very heavy wea?~h was experienced dinag the trip. A man namid 'Patrick Holding died ai Kerang on Sanday, from injuries receired in an altercation with two brothers named Dodd the previous evening. Holding ~ thrown to the ground by Thomas Dodd. The temporary reservation by order of the 18th October, 1875, of twelve scre: twlved p.qrches of lada' in the psroh d Bambra, as a site for affording access to water, is about to bh revoked. To-day Mr Edward Cranstoun and lM-b Mi.nie Futcher, both of MIelbourne, wera to have been married, but tho unfortunata yonag ladynounrns the loss of her betrothed, whose death was brought about by thi explosion of a kerosene stove, Three bathers were swept away on S.aur day by an undertow at *he Bo-di Beach, Sydney. They were gallantly rescued by Mr Higgins, barrister, who procured a line and plunged into the breakers, and after assisting the exhausted swimmers, was drawn ashore.himself in turn. Madame Albani's opinion of the Women's Hospital, Melbourne:-" I am dlighted with.this -beautiful institution. So much room, sunlight and shade. So dffered from a crowded European city. Oh! it is lovely! 'Your climate, t-o. is superb, What I have seen of it is oeautitil. By the death of 'Mr J. L. Currie. which occurr'ed on Friday morning at his towtS residence, St. Kilds, one of the oldest and best-known of Victorian colonist- h,,s been reipove4. 14r auri5 was seized witbh paralyeit stroke some five wbeks ago, an4 little hope was eniteitained of his recovery. The total amount received by the mrayor of Melbourne towards the Bush-fires relief ,qnd, up to Thursday was £9S22 10s lid. 1'all, aritut 7qO alai ns have been sent in *nd the committee of the fund lhave derAl *ith 370 of the applications, iurolring tbh -allotment of approximately £5200. Divorce Court incident: " You went by the name of M'Intosh, sometim?e ?' "ye, in the shearing season." " Why did .ys do that?" "My references were in the name of M'Istoah." "Oh ! they were nl your references then ?" 'Yes, they iva5 given to me by M'Intosh." " I see. The references were yours, and the character somebody ese's ?" g"Ye." At Renmark--one of the Chbaff to total syttleptente-- a hotel has been opened, rI is to be managed on the Gotbhenbur system, and this week an election for fire memberp of committee to control the pahD will take place. The Mildura paper nsO! waint to kunow who will conttol the cos: mittee. Th" half of a .210 note was presented to tbe manager of the Bank of Victoria, at sastle__maone, on Thursday, by a minairfrsc tl W"est. .He at first stated that .h other hal hbad been snatched from him ,a the local railway station, but sbsequently stetb4 that on offering the note for cha!nge aP. rot being able to obtain it, he chewed hall of'it up in chargin. The bank ulauager hes takneu the number of the note, ano st8ptd payment 4f it, 