OOUNTflY NEWS. COUNTRY LETTERS. BEACHPORT, Monday. At the meeting of the Beachport District Gouncil on Wednesday last Messrs. J. Cock and J. T. Morris, members for the District of Victoria, attended and explained the particu lars of the Mount Hope drainage scheme. The Government require from the Council a guarantee-that the subsidiary drains will be -constructed before they commence the cutting -through the gap at Mount Hope. This, it is stated, will run into something like £10,000, and as the Beachport Council has no million aire at~lts oaoltTcrtarniHlrTiro fundsitueems" -Hkely-that-there-isTittle- probability of the guarantee being given. It was proposed to carry out the "work .on the bettennontsyetem7~ Ibnt_sorne_objeot to. that because their land, would be "Taxed-and they would receive no" Benefit. All the landowners within the area shown: on the plan would be taxed, but in some" cases. i t Is supposed "that a considerable _ quantity of land outside the area marked Would be benefited." It was suggosted that" the Government would be quite will ing to construct the whole-" of the work if tho landholders, who hold their land undbr perpetual leases, are pre pared to throw up their leases and allow them to" be revalued" by the Land Board. This seems the most feasible metliod, l)ut whether the landholders aroagrooable is quite another question. "Some ot^hem are wiihngi,p do this, 1 believe, butotliersagain think that by holding on a little Iongcrsome magnanimous Govern -ment willoompleto the work without requiring any rearrangement of their leaBos or without any special tax onthem. The Beachport oriokotors wont up to jlendelshaTironljatnrday, and were beaten by the home team. Beachport batted first, and made -53,-Murphy 24 not out being the only " one to roaoh double figures. In their second try"they"oftly:mUTiagcd to compile 51, Murphy again being top sooror with 21. The llendel Bhams made 50 in thoir first innings, Brady 14 not out aud Ni-McColl 11 being the.most suc cessful: In their second attempt they put -together—70-for—the -loss -jof_Bix_wickei8,__H. Stewart 18 not out, Odgorsl5, E. Scowart l'l, and Fl Carthew 11 being the chief contribu tors. For RotidelshatnN.MoOol],who cap- - turedj) wjekets for 42 runs, Foster 3 for 17, andJI. Stewart 3 for 28-=jyero most successtnl ^with -the ball,- while-for-Beaehoort J, Potts 8 -for -21 i Jones -3 for-23, and S.-Wilson-2-for 9 wero the most destructive trundlers, CALLTNGTON, Saturday. -On Friday ovaning-Mr. R. Cald well, M- P., paid us a visit, and gave a lacturo on " Court _ship"in the-Assembly Hall on behalf of our Literary Society. Although the heat "wasj oppressive, there, was a good number present^ and the..leoiure was well received. _Musio wasTondored by Misses Chapman and Phillips and Mr. H. Lehman. The mining industry, is not very brisk at present. Mr. A. F, Geherickohas sontaway a bullTsamplo of ten tons of arseno pyrites for' treatment, and if found payable the work will bo proceeded with-vigorously. The copper show mentioned previously has been let by Mr.Gohericko on tribute, and j tTsTibpod.that -tho venture will prove successful. ' - EDEN VALLEY", Monday. On--Saturday, January- 22, the local cricketers played the return match against Angaston. The-scores wore:—Eden Valley, • 219—F. Tucker 73,-H-. Aiander 57," J, -Lander 42\. Angaston—88 for 1 wicket—A. Hurn'43 hot out, H.Roberts 37-riot out. On Saturday last, January 29,: Edon " Valley -played "N iiri oop t a at"Nuri oopta. Ed on Vail oy"S"corod 251 for 5 _wic.kots—G. Tucker 143 not out, J. Lander 33, 33. Ttogers 27, G. K. Stephens 17\. R. Stanley 13 not out; R. Landor 7 for (!8. Nuriootpa replied with 202, of whioh J. Hatch was responsible for 113. EDITHBURG, Monday. As the wheat harvest is now over with some yyhat disappointing results renewed energy is thrown liitcTthe salt industry-. " Tlie Govornmont has resumed control of the Edithburg .Tetty, witli a view ultimately of leasing it, the lossea to take tho rove.nue for a term of years, and make cortain improve ments to the preSent structure as a quid pro Death has removed from our midst Mr. Leonard Hollway Giles, one of the foremost of the pioneers of this district. He was born in Adelaide in 1842, educated first at Hair's Albert House Academy, and at Young's school. Mr. Giles died almost in harness as Manager of the Penton Vale estate. During the past twelve months he suffered from an incurable complaint. The funeral took place in the Edithburg Cemetery, and was one of the largest ever seen here. GAWLER, Monday. Mrs. Short, wife of ex-Councillor Short, late of GawlerTTdiod-suddenly in Adelaide on Saturday, and was buried in the Willaston Cemetery this afternoon in the presence of a large number of friends and relatives. Much sympathy is- felt for Mr. 'Tiort, who is left with a largo family. Tho deceased lady was forty-five yoarB of age, and was a daughter of the late Mr. Lowe. She arrived iii the colony when an infant. Mrs. Clieok, mother of Inspector Cheek, passod away on Thursday night at tho ad vanced ago of eighty-five, and was buried in the Willaston Cemetery on Saturday. The deooased lady arrived in tho oniony in 1848, and was left a widow in tho following year. She camo to Gawlor in 1858, and had lived hero over_sincr). Tho surviving children are Messrs. P. Cheek, of Gawler; J.~Chbelc7~bf Yongala; H. R. Cheek, of New South Wales; and J&mesJdhcok;, of tho River Murray. The resignation of the Rev. A. K. Chignell as curate"o~f St. George's is reported. Tho resignation will take effect at Easter. — Tho Council of-tlie Gawler School, of Mines, has decided to establish a general preparatory class at which rudimentary knowledge on a variety of subjects will be imparted. This, it is hoped, willbridge over the gapl)otweon the public-school standard and that of the science classes of the School of Minos, to which it will act as a foorlor. AtTho public inaugural moot ing for 1898, to be hold this wouk, Professor Lowrie, M.A., B.Sc., will deliver an address on "The-Helping Influence of Technical Education to the Artisan with Ambition." . GAWLER, Tuesday, At the meeting of the Corporation last night the Mayor was catechised with vigour by several-Councillors with roferoneo to::tho. action taken against Mr. Unversagt for neglecting to remove a chair from the foot path in front of his premises in Murray-streot. The Mayor contended that^.s tho infringe there was no option for tho officers but to lay an information If the jpl iee were not sup ported they would not uphold the by-laws. In roply_to Conncillor Rebbeck ho said it was not tho intention to_ proceed against" every Lratepayerjvho satoutsido his prorn.ises.Dn .the footway. There would have been no trouble in this case if Unvorsaght had obeyed the order of the constable. The Crown Lands Depart ment "wrote stating that £117 had been allotted to the Council on mam-roads acconnt. This is £39 less than last year and nearly £00 less than wasjexpended on the main roads of the town last year. It was decided to procure 300 yards -of korbing from Mr. F.-Norton, of Riverton, and to call for tenders for 300 yards of limestono. _ The.TownJDlcrk submittcd the abstract of receipts and expenditure for 1897. The credit balance at the beginning of the year "was £25 • 12s. 11 d. ~ and- at tho -close £73 19s. 5d. Rates produc.d £1,150 -178, lid., the GovernAent subsidy was £187 lls.fkL, main - road grant £158, the -j Itotal »oerpt^, inqluding balance,being£2>d)96' 5a._9d. TJtie_expendimre included moiety of polios. £13flT7B.fld.; labour,"materialrAo.iTori public works, -£467 9s. Id. ; and salaries, print-J ing, and misceUbneoOB7~£337 6b. 3d. 1 On Saturday there passed away at his re sidence, Gawler South, Mr. George 'Oakey.a -j colonist of forty years. He carriedon farming mear Auburn for several - years, but -retired about fifteon years ago, and had lived in 1 Gander ever sinuo. He had reached the age of seronty-Bevon years. Two sons.TMv.Goorge GakdyT of SnoWtown, apdMr."" Walter Oakey,— "ofQuorn, and one daughter, Mies Oftkoy, of Gasvler, survive. -- — " . . ,— GOOtWA, Friday. " A" very old resident at Current^Croek^Mr. owned considerable property around Finniss Point,"and "was much respcotod. HiB funeral took "place to-day, and was largely attended. ~ HALLETT, Tuesday. The annual meeting "of subscribers to the Hnllott Institutetoolc place on~Saturday. There was a fair attendance. Balance-sheet showed a credit balance of £28 7s. lOd. The number of volumos in the library was 653, with 24 added last year, thenumb^rtiiroulated being 699; also an increase of 8 subscribers during the pa3t year, making the total 20."" "Following officers were elected for the ensuing year:— Prosident, M. 0. Mitchell: Vice-President, T. Ward; Treasurer, A. J.'Lewis; Secretary, A. W. Lewis; Committee, E. McDonald, W. Windsor, J. S. Beal, WrH. Harvoy^W. Edge; Auditors, Messrs. E. Stilton, and H. H. George. HOLDER, Tuesday, Bush fires are raging all around us, and both sun and moon for days past have been nearly obscured by the dense volumes of smoke. The annual meeting of the Holder Village) Association was held on Monday evening, January 31, The Auditors' report and balance-sheet were presented and adopted. The Board of Trustees for the ensuing half year consists of Messrs. T. Basford (Chair man), J. Dann, W. J. Wood, E. Trimming, and J. O'Connell, jun. Messrs. J. J. Odgers and F. A. Grant were reappointed Auditors. The river continues low but is on the rise, and hopes are entertained that a good fall of rain will soon come and bring down sufficient water for the resumption of navigation. The Commissioner of Crown Lands will pay his official visit to tho settlements early in March next. Sickness is very prevalent, especially among the children. HORSHAM (Victoria), Monday. Liko-other parts of -the-oolony we have had exceptionally hot weather during tho past ton days. .On Saturday n slight change tookplace, -but there is now_overy appaarance_of another, record week of heat. The town to-day is en veloped in smoko from bush^fires at the Gram pians, where they are burning. At Wartook some hundreds of acros o grass has been destroyed, as well as a quantity of fencing. The majority of fanners have finished clean ing up, but it is impossible to get anything like a correct avorage return. There have been some good returns from small areas, whilst many ■crops-have-refcuwodJoss-than^seod., The -prieeof-wheatiu-very disappointing-to farmers, and those in a position to do so are holdingfor hatter prices. The best price obtainable to day-jvas 3sr30d.-lo 3s. lid. .. . . One of tho largest fires in tho district for many years occurred on Saturday evening. [ The Manager uf t lie-Australian-Boot—Palace-j wan lighting tho gas in one of the windowiT when ho slipped, tho lightln his hand uoining in contact with some inflammable material. In a few -minutes the wliole window was ablaze, tho fire SOOll nnuimiiiiiofl-Gtigr itself to Mr. VV. A.-Miliaria goner il drapery ost'ablish mbht Jiext door, tho wholo blook of buildings owned hy .Mr. Millar being destroyed. They were occupied by Mr. .T. Harvey, fruit shop, who lost almost everything, and unfortunately was uninsured. Tho Australian Boot Palace, insured in tho Royal Company for £300, lost ■everything, and Mr. W. J. Miller's drapery establishment, insured in tho North British Company for £2,050, totally destroyed. Jone9 and McCann, general merchants, insured in tho Scottish Union for £350. The buildings wore insured in the North British Company | for £1,270, With the excontio'i of some of ! .Tones & McCann's stock nothing remains I but the brick walls. A fire occurred on the ' same spot some years ago, when a similar fate overtook the buildings. Tlie entries for the annual races to bo hold on the TGth and 17th inst. exceed previous years. c MACCLESFIELD, Saturday^ A gloom has been cast over the whole town hero by the somowhat sudden and unexpected death of Mr. James Anderson, a prominent and highly popular townsman. He was ill only a few days, death being duo to blood poisoning. MANOORA, Saturday. Quite a gloom was east over tho town to-day through tho sad news, of Mrs. M, Hickey's death, tho result of a severe burning accident a fortnight ago. General sympathy is ex tended to Mr. Hiokoy, who is left with a young family. MEADOWS SOUTH, Wednesday. Tho annual mooting of subscribers to the local Institute was held in tlfo Oddfellows' Hall on Saturday evening. Tho President, Mr. .T. Catt, provided over a small attendance. Tho annual report and balanco-sheet showed that during tlio year the Institute had pro jjjrcss-cd favourably, the number of mib ] soribors now being twenty-six, an increase of ] thirteen on lastyear. The sum of £25had been \ spent on now books.-which mado the number of volumes, in.th.o library L450. About 1,400 books had been issued during the year. Tho balance-sheet showed a balance in hand. Tho officers were voted to hold tlioir respective positions as formerlyPresident, Mr. J. Catt; Treasurer, Mr. O. Nottago; Secretary, Mr, W. Ham. Magazines, &c.;, wero then drawn for, after which a vote of thanks was accorded tho Secretary . for his services, and the manner in which he had helped the Insti tute on. A cricket match, Clarendon v. MeadowR, was played on the Recreation Ground on Saturday. The-home team put together 94 runs against the visitors'-19. Owing to five-of tho visitors'wickets falling-in five successive balls, of which G. Sidlor took four and A. Sprigg one, the gamo soon came to aldose. MOUNT BATIK KR, Wednesday. While-returning from Adelaide last night in his loaded wan Mr. W. Poake, carrier of Aldgate. One of tho traces became loose and frightened the horses so that they bolted. j-Panke was thrownumt-ift—his-endeavour to stop the runaway, and the van with about a ton of loading on passed over his body. He was picked up and taken to the Aldgate Pump Hotel,andmodical aid was procured. Tbehorsos continued with thowan-for-somo distance,-and in tryhig_to4'etl>n. tp^t(te..Mminfc_I3arkor-road^ from Aldgate upsst, and made &-complete wreck of the vehicle; tho top was ripped off and goods of all kinds strewn about the road. Ono horse was unable to freo himself from the , harness, and tho 'other wa9 caught a inilo further along the road. MOUNT GAM BIER. Friday. The avorage temperature for tho past-eight ; days as- shown by toe thermometers at the telo/raph office was 101 "4° in the shade and 1-44'4!-rn tbowum—Such ftTOoord is""j n procn dented at Mount Gambier since observations have been taken. Tho weather on threo of tho-days—Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thurs day—was almost unbearably sultry. To-ilny vu the iiotteBt day—104"8* id the chads and 147 *4* in the sun. In the-afternoon" the wind changed to the south ward. A—ffeah : breeze Blew, from that direction all the evening, and ..... - - * —Of ooqrse the'inteftse heat has adversely affected the healthy of the people, but it is remarkable.Jiow few serious oases have come under—the. care-of—the medical men. There J have been several instances oU^irostration ■ from the heat, and -complaintsboth Jamong children and adults have been prevalent. Mrs.L Margaret Underwood, widow of the late —Mr.-Tteuben—Underwoodof—Mount -Gambier,^-a—lady—of—sixty-two—years, -died - to-day tfom" the effects of the weather. Herr donas. amusio toaeh©r, who was jnuchoider tlnrn^Mrs. tJnderwood, "wliile Bitting -in -a shop talking to a friend tliiB afternoon, was~ Hnized with heat apoplexy, and sank from the chair to the floor unconscious,—Dr. McDonald : wassoou in attendance, and in a short time'! the sufferer revived, and was taken homo. 1 Although still very weak he is thought to be 1 out of danger. Mrs. Underwood, it may bo J addldrtvas'ircolonigt oftartythree yearBrand a Mount Gambiur resident of thirty-seven years. She has left three sons and four daughters. The district never looked so parched as it does now, for there has only been 0T90 in. of rain since. November- -0. Vegetation, unless where kept alive by artificial watering, is either dead or nearly soj and the late potato crops, which may be even yet benefited by a •heavy fall of rain, are slowly going beyond the Teach -of assistance. .... Last night Mrs. Lizette ltuwoldt, widow of the late Mr. Christian Ruwoldt, of Mount Gambier East, farmor, died at the ago of ninety-ono years. The cause of her death was senile decay. Mrs. Ruwoldt-camo-to South Australia from Mecklonburg-Sohworin, "North Prussia,-With her Into" husband, in April, 1848, aud.was.thun a colonist of "nearly fifty years. Mr. ltuwoldt pursued agricultural occupations on Gilles Plains for elovon years, but in March, 1859, the deceased came with her husband to Mount Gambior, whore they continued farming. Mr. Ruwoldt -died in 1878,-and since then the deceased dived with lior sons. She has left two sons—Messrs. J. C. -and J, L. H. ltuwoldt. Mr. J. J. L.Jtuwoldt died three years ago. -Sbo lias also left twenty oight grandchildren and twenty great-grand--j children. MOUNTIGAMBIEli, Monday. Heavy bush firos had boon devastating the country along the Border-to-the- oastward. They started about—Wednesday last..on. the_ Victorian side of the Border noar the big bend of the Gienclp, and on IiTiday and Saturday -crossed-over into South Australia, sweeping.] square miles of Messrs. _ Davison's and Valise's . runs, and burning—out several -Smaller graziers^ who hold Crown lands_ on lease near the J3ordcr.. They Hid groat-damage to fencing on every property, but on somo they did more. Mr. Davison bad between 209 and 300 sheep burnt, a but, and part of a windmill; and Mr. Vauso bad 200 sheep destroyed. Tho fire is still burning, and fears are entertained that now it is within three miles of the farms at O. B. Elat a favourable wind inayTrriiigllTTpon thorn. —AJfrodH4uiol,_ayou«g-5naii IrBiflMiliicent. __| Avho-was-wjjrJcing_on_a threshitig-juachiiioJn this neighbourhood, had his right arm broken in two places and badly lacerated in a part of thejnachinory on Saturday. He was taken to the hospital, and efforts are Doing made to save tho hand from amputation. NARRACCK) it TE,-Saturday. The annual muoting of tile "subscribers to the Institute was h ld"on Tuos'day " ovon 1 ng" last, tho President, Dr. Macmillan, presiding. The report aifd balance-shoot wore adopted. A motion for the amendment of tho rules by Mr. L. A. Davjes, so that the committee should consist of a President, a Vice-Presi dent, a Secretary, Treasurer, and four members of committee, instead of two Vice Presidents and seven members of committee, as at present, was carried. Mr. ,T. Magare'y returned thanks for being elected Prosident, and votes of thanks were carried to the re tiring Prosident, Dr. Macmillan, and the re tiring Secretary, Mr. Wallaco. Tho local cycling club bad an enjoyable run to tho caves on Thursday night, twenty three ladies and gentlemen taking part in tho outing. Refreshments wore parMkon of down tho Big Cave. . T^glT.T. '^^pnday. Grasshoppers have ina^. j£a^iS*kppeiiranco for tho first time this year, but as things aro now they cannot do much damage. Mr. brown, tho popular railway station master at Kaniva, met with a serious accident last week through being thrown from his horse while out shooting. Ho received iUsbvere shaking and concussion of tho brain. Ho is progressing favourably under tho care of Dr. T.'Z. Rynn, of Kaniva. _ . A few farmers in this district have taken their departure for New South Wales and Queensland now that tho harvest in this part is over. It is to be hoped that the exodus will hot be as largo as last year. Mrs. Margaret Mcl.nnos, resident of Miram Piram for the past fifteon years, died at her residence there on Monday last, agod seventy six years, from the severity of the heat. Mrs. Mclnncs, who was greatly respected by all who knew her, "has loft-two daughters, both married. The intermont took place at tho Miram Piram Cemetery. At the last meeting of tho Nhill Urban Water Trust, Mr. Lookloy, engineer, stated that many people of Kelloy Town, Nhill, were taking great quantities of water from the standpipeat Halpin Park without paying for it. It was decided^ttiat_offeudi!rs"iir1uturo should be_proseouted. The Secretary of the Diraboola Shire Coun cil statos tliatJ1ie"TnJS_intT5rvTBWBd~tho Under"] Treasurer about mattors in connection with the Government subsidy and the repayments of loan under the Vermin Destruction Act. Ho informed the- Under—Treasurer that the shire was using every effort to collect tho out standing instalments, and hoped to largely. reduce the liability to the department this year. The Council has approved of this action. Mr. Paul MoKenzie, President of the Lowan Shire Council, reports having visited Mel bourne this week, and represented the Lowan .Shire -and Western Vermin Hoard on a deputation of the Wiramera Shires' Associa tion to the Minister with a request to fix a Uniform ratoforloxes caught in the different shiros. The doputation included tho sevoral representatives of Parliament for tho various districts. The Ministor said he would attend ,-te-the-matter as snnn as pmaibln n.f lr.r Vm tia^ collected the reports of all the Government Inspectors. Mr. McKenzie stated that he was-also-deputed by—thu-AVastern—Vermin re unpaid Government-rates. The .Secretary - for Lands stated that he would pay vermin Tates on all allotments lor the whole term tbov-wcio unoccupicd. This is a very satis factory settlement of a matter that has gi von consid erobleT. roul.iloto'fHV Board for a long time, as the departments had always objected to pay these rates. NOARLUNGA, Saturday. The local port is rapidly coming into favour as asoasido resort on account of the splendid accommodation that has been provided for visitors. Large "substantial buildings" havo been erected, and others contemplate build ing. Crowds visit here Wflekly,-boing induced ] "by the large quantities of fish that abound ] around the jetty and in the river. Millions of i spawn aro to-be seen, atid, if protected, this I must eventually prove two-of the finest placed Tor the sport in tho colony. y j NORMANVILLE, Thursday. W. Norman wasfined on Monday at thy Magistrate's Court—Messrs. Mann and,»Lor4 presiding—£10 and costs under the Bush Fire* 4fectr NORTON'S SUMMIT, Friday. The weather during the past week has been intensely hot and dry. We have been sur rounded with bush fires, The residents are all anxiously lookingfor ward -to -a change in the weatherand jvbrcak up of the drought, as in nearly every instano® they have to carrywater from" the springs and | J;reBk8 jfQr domestio~parpose8,"Svhioh in lomfi -oases -ineans «o «ma)l--ftraeiuiti-eUabour>- — PASKEVILLE, Monday.— \--T-A-t^tbe-Oddfollows'Jlall on^S^iu^dav cyan ing a social was tendorbd by Jhejnerohersitor the District Officers of the Daly District and -seveiSal -members of 4;ho-ad joining-Lodges jvho aocompaiiicd them, .The visitors, included Pxov. G.M. G. Jjnngdon,_Prov.D.G.M. S. J. Hand, Prov. 0.8. J. J.-Odgers,- P.O.M. W. Hollands, P.P.G.M.'s T, Skinner and M. -J; Ward, P.G.'s D. Taylor, F. Harwood, and "TrPaiinaii,~ancl—Brothers W. J; WhTt57~Wr~ Perry, and S. Rowo.—Several toasts were - honoured, and a very pleasant evening was spent. . : Mr. Daniel Davios, a very old residont of the district, died last week after a lingering illness. The remains were interred in the Kadina Cemetery. » PORT AUGUSTA,-Thursday. A serious fire occurred at Mr. J. Crowley's farm on Monday evening last, whereby a haystack and sheds and implements were destroyed. The haystack was insured for £100'in the New Zealand Insurance Company. A man named William Thomas reported the fire to Mr. Crowley. Thomas, who has been going.about from some time past in a half demented condition, was brought into the Port-and charged with lunacy, and .was. to-day— sent on to Parksido Asylum. At th^ inquest on the fire a verdict was returned to the effect that the fire was caused by some person or per sons unknown- Corporal Humphris -repre sented the police, and Mr. G. Young the New Zealand Company. Yesterday, at Port Augusta West, an old resident named Charles Iliern was in tho—uct of -taking- -a--drink--whon ho suddenly dropped dead from heat apoplexy. "The deceased was known asm." steady sober man, and was well respected.- The funeral took place to-day, a large number of old residents following— tho romains to tho cemetery. — Last night a—meoting-of citizens was "hold " in tho Town Hall, Mr. T. Youug, J.P., in tho chair", to consider tho odvisableneK* . of forming a ~ committee to-approach- tho Go F to lia vornmont with a view to having smelters "erected in the-Port- Councillor R. Fawcett ad voca ted- action—boing_taken,__Afieji_J6ome discussion the following committee w»b ap pointed :—Messrs: T. Young, T. Hunter, N. A. Ricliardson, W. Harden, G. W. Johnston, J. G. Mosoley, W. G. Pryor, W. J. Trom bath, R. Fawoett, W. H. Hakendorf, and J. Holds worth, with power to addrMr. Holds worth was appointed Secretary. PORT AUGUSTA, Friday.; The progress of theNectar Brook Reservoir -has-beonr-aud-is-being, eonsidbfahly—retarded owingtbTfie-shortness -of-wacer^-wtiftrisby-bnly . a few toaniH can bo kept going owing to the watering of tho bank having to be done_by water-carts instead of by-lengths of—bosing. Mr. Mann has found it necessary to conserve water during the night and early morning for nise on tho bank-next dayr- othorwise work jvould__bo at a standntijl.-T There are at present 120 men, 20 drays, besides officers'on the works, but unless rain comes within tlio" next""two or '"three weeks this number will be considerably reduced, and retrenching will be the order.of the day all round. The bank and a puddle trench aro prac tically at a standstill, and the by-wash exca vation, whioh is the mainstay for keeping men employed, will ha completed early in M arch The concrete lining to the tunnel is completed throughout, and word it not that temporary accommodation is suppliod in order to store water from first rains tho construction would have been completed ore this. As it is it must) Btand over till after tho first rains. It will be nearly twelve ' months before the works aro completed. The weather has been and is very trying for 'he workers, and thorn is a good deal of sickness prevailing amongst the in habitants, several oases having been sent on to the Port Augusta Hospital. Tho Residont Enginoor has a proposal to make to the Dis trict Council of Woolundunga, which he stales will obviate tho difficulty. PORT CERMET N, Tuesday. —Tho -Governor—Musg rave -arrived here jhie_ afternoon. A party of residents formally met the President and Wardens of tho Marino Board at the jottv, and whilst an interview was proceeding a heavy thunderstorm, with rain and squall, passed over the town. A small boat was observed making for the shelter of tho jetty, but before reaching it the craft was capsized, and the occupants, a man and a child, wore thrown into the water, and signals of distress were seen by tfce onlookers. The President of tho Marino Hoard promptly ordered out-a boat, and a rescue was effected. When the boat returned after a bard pull tho man and child were found to bo not. much the worse for their mishap. Cheers and congratu lations wero freely indulged in. PORT PI III E, Thursday. At the Police Court on Tuesday, James Holwoll, about eighteen years of age, was oharged before Mr. J. P. Stow, 8.M., with assaulting a little girl, eight years of age. TheS.M.-said-he was bound to-convict on-the evidence adduced, hut as there was a further charge against Holwoll for lewdness, he would -dofcr-sentencejuntiJ it was heard. The police prosecuted in the latter case, which broke down. For the assault llolwell was fined £1 and costs, £3 10s. in all. —PORT PI RIJ5, Friday. A sad accident happened on the Kadina at 7 o'clock this morning. Frank Grey, aged twenty-throe, accidentally fell from the tramway staging and struck some of the wharf timbers in his d instantly. Tho body was not recovered until the steamerjvas hauled out from the wharf. At the inquest this afternoon tho Jury found that death was the result of an accident, PORT PIRTE. Saturday. The funeral of tho late Mr. Charles Wells -tookplace-thismorning—and was largely at tended. Tho death of Mr. Wells camo aB a Bhoek to every one. He was well known in tbe-poftrand"had been-at-his--work ^vith the Adelaide Stoamship Company the day pre viously^ He was ot a geniaTflisposition, bun the death of bis wife a few-days boforo was a sad blow to him, and tho anxiety he -experienced—dnr-mg——ima—illness ltadZTAI very trying effect on him. He took an interest in all manly sports, and when at Port-Adelaide some twenty years ago-was Secretary to the Port Adelaide-football Club. He "was-also /one of- the-J'ort-Pirie Jown Cbuncib Auditors. The burial -service was read by the Rev. A. W. Wellington, who was a brother-in-law; and Mr. Lindsay and Mr. Durvea, who are also brothers in-law, came from Broken Hill to attemTthe funeral." Mr. Wells was forty-four years of age. - Tho funeral of the late Mr. Frank Grey took pi ace on Saturday, a.f ternoon, _ and was at.teu ted by many working men and others. The deceased began work_BL-t_J,hfl_fl.6._J£adinft on her arrival on Wednesday evening, and with tho exception of an interval of about five /hours worked right throjjgh until tho accident occurred which resulted in his death. It vraf pvor. an hour before the body was recovered L from the water. I The heat was not quite bo bad to-day, but it. ~=atillinterfered with the work on the wharf. The Kadina, which had to depart at G o'clock this evening, left about 300 tons of cargo be \- hind; as only sufficient mento'work ono gang ::^out<Ibe obtained, and these werounabie todo vety much, as they wore pretty well "played "out." • u:.: ThoRailway Department to enable them to", -properly connect the new wharf with the rail— "^way yard lias been making -great-improve ments of late, and to enable these to be carried -out-proper]y-tho largo -goodshed was bodily^ -.-removed some 60 ft. to=day. __ The -de-T T partment is greatly cramped for room ;t here. When large shipmonts of coal and coke arrivo a block invariably results, and truck loads have to be loft all along the streets. PORT VICTOR, Saturday. 3 The heat during the past week has been very __trylng Last evening, howeyer.a delightful \- "change set in. .and to-day a-fresh breeze is ■ blowing from the south". There is, however, ... no appoarance of rain, which is badly wanted. ^Bush firpsof a dangerous character have been raging all over the distriet-befcween Jiere-aod tlKaggaroo island. : There liaye ..been .. vast.... \- -clouds of smoke from-fires-at Oape-dervisand on tho island. Thursday and Friday were :rT"terriblo"days"in"thBi3ack Vailoyandaboutthe ^iiower Inmau, the—fire—having-penetrated into the fonced land, and-had-not the settlers ^mustered-well-it-would—havo- burnt out-En counter Bay to the coastr- As, _it is there" is a large amount" "of fenc ing and wattle plantations destroyed, which is a very serious loss, as many years elapse before they become profitable. A large fire has been burning in tho Bnoounter Bay tiers, and another towards the Square Waterhole. Unless rain comes they will probably spring " up again. A son of Mr. Fischer, of Hind marsh Valley, when returning from assisting at tho fires, was unfortunately thrown^from —his-horse a,nddiroke"hiB leg. REN MARK, Friday. The weather is still intensely hot, and bush fires aro burning briskly. — RENMARK, Tuesday. The' bush fire which has been burning near here for somo time has burnt down about ten .miles of telegraph poles on the line between here and Overland Corner. A good deal of fencing has also been destroyed. We wero visited by a thunderstorm yester day, which lasted about half an hour, but _jycry little rain-fell i the-heat -is - very oppres aive. Tho stcamor Mannum took down over 2,000 boxos dried apricots from here last Thursday. The river has risen about 18 in. during.the past few days. SNOWTOWN, Sunday. Farmers have been much interested of late in tho working on the farm of Mr. J. Turner of a new "combined header, thresher, win nower, bagger, and*carriur," patented by Mr. Moody, of near Mallala. It is the result of years of years of labour and thought on the part of Mr. Moody, and is regarded as a suc cessful attempt to carry out the idea of a \- combined-harvester. Those-who havo been working the "machine for the last eight or nine weeks speak in high terms of the results obtained. Tho machine was introduced to tho distriot by Mr. J. Turner as an object-lesson to the farmers of the neighbourhood, and in a heavy crop and under unfavour able conditions it has given admirable " results,"' only minor defects being revealed. It is said that 20 tons of sheaves can be headed, threshed, winnowed, bagged, and stacked per davdiy seven men. The whole of tho harvest jng is done' by one process. Tho sheaves aro tbroirn as fast as a man can deliver them on to a"tablo7c]o wiTwhl clrth oy slide to tlio lieaclor, the oars-are then threshed as thoy fall into the thresher, the grain passing thence to tho \- winnower beneath, where the cleaning process is completed. The bagger attachment ' similar to that of the ordinary winnower The sheaves after being headed are taker . u.ru Lateen away to thestack4jy the-carrier, consisting nf an ondloss band of canvas to which brackets are attached. These catch the sheaves as thoy. drop and deposit them on the stack to a height of lGbFlHd t. The"motive"power is~sup"plihd by tho horseworks of a ohaffcuttor, and four horses oasily-doallthework required.—Should the wind be contrary, or tho samplers hot so gopd " as- desired tha~"saTnowinririwing m»-~ chine cah be utilized to clean it the second time, and forty bags an hour can be put through -l TTJMBY, Friday -Am- aocident happened omhe noW 3tol< narl ran Tnaa/law A J uapppugx uii i<ilt3 HOW OCOK jroad on Tuesday. A team and wagon ls< —with wheat, in charge of ,1, Ooad-for AIt.-Qc . _who has taken a contract for carting about bags of wheat to the bay, was coming dow Steep cutting, when the skid provmg-teowi the team became unmanageable and wento the—cuttrngr~the-wagon—caming-ljottom The driver and horses escaped, but the wa; \- was badly damaged. —^jarge bush fires are raging to the north i west of us,_ond_th3-sua-sets-every evening: a great bal 1 of fire. A large order for flux is reported to h been received from Wallaroo, and so thing like 100 tons is now ready for carti Jt is feared, however, that it ha3 been takoi too low a figure to make it pay. URANIA, Monda] A son of Mr. A. Q-arschhas bBen thrc flora a horse, and received a slight coaen;s of the brain. Ho is now recovering rapidly ~undor the caro of Dr. DIclcciison. " ~~ WILLUNGA, Thursday. The -news of- the -death of Mrs. Robert Williams, which occurred—ou Thursday through blood-poisoning, carno as_a surprise. She was apparently in her usualUcalth at~~tKb end of last wcelc. and was to-have loft this woefc for -Victoria with herdiusband. - - 