SERIOUS BUSH FIRES. SELECTORS BURNED OUT. CONDOBOLIN, Friday. A largo bush fire which started at Bygaloree on Sunday travelled quickly, aided by a S W gale Tho following selectors were either entirely burned out or suffered serious loss:- E.H. Henderson, W. Cameron, John Smith, A. M'Donald, J .A. Miller, George Knaggs, Clemson Brothers, and J. D. Lyons Lnrgo qu-utitics of whout and hay wero destroyed, besides a lot of valuable machinery and miles of fencing Mr IvnagRB is a recent arrival from Rochester, "Victoria and is about the heaviost loser, all his mactuuery, hay, and wheat being destroyed Ihofiro spro-d to West Milby A large fire _l'o sturted at the back of \\\ ardrv, aouth of the Lachlan, and has spread to Mie-.abil It is still burning On Wednesday _ email lira at the Condobolin station closo to town was put out before much damage was done. Mr. Cooney's selection nt i íacatoo, on the north side of the river, was burned on Monday last. ADELONG, Friday. The weather ia extremely cold, the temperature falling from 104° on Tuesday to 60° to-day. BOWRAL, Friday. The weather is cool. Tho shido temperature to- day was 68°. CASSILIS, Friday. There has boen a great chango in tho weather the laBt two duys. It is quite cold. CUDAL, Friday. A complete change in the weather has occurred It is now cool, with a strong breeze blowing. The thermometer has dropped lrom 105° to 65°. INVERELL, Friday. A whirlwind to-day struck a building in a laue in the vicinity of Otho-street, completely demolishing it. Fortunately nobody was injured. MOLONG. Friday. During tho past week heavy gales havo been blowing at frequent intervals, and have done much damage to the iipeumg wheat crops bv unsheathing the grain. It ia estimated that man} wheat holds havo lost over a bushel to the acre OBERON, Tuday The drought is becoming serious here _ hero was another heavy frost last night. PAMBULA, Friday. Tho weather continues frightfully dry although thunderstorms have been pondiug for sonio days past. A 6trong westerly gale has been blowing all the dav and the town is enveloped in clouds of dust. The country and the crop3 are in a fearful condition. SINGLETON, Friday. It was 105° in the shade yesterday. During No- vember only 15 points of rain fell in this district. Water ia very scarce, and fires in the bush aro pre- valent. TEMORA, Friday. Very cool weathor has boon experienced to day and yesterday with a very strong wind. WOLUMLA, Friday. Following tho heavy hailstorm of yestordaj a strong cold south-west wind with an occasional spnnklo provided to-day 