FOURTH DAT. j The conference was resumed on Frida"", j FENCING ACT. I Mr. A. SANDERSON (Darling Bange Vino ] and Fruit Growers'Association) moved "That, in tho opinion of this conference, settlers should be allowed the option of substituting clearing instead of fencing." Mr. EDMINSTON seconded. The CHAIRMAN said that if the morer would make the .suggestion applicable to viticultura! and horticultural land in place of pastoral and agricultural land there .would bc more prospect of its meeting with the"approval of the Parliament. The motion was put, and carried in the following form :-"That> in the opinion of this conference, vine and fmit growers should bo allowed the option of substitu- ting clearing in lieu of fencing." WAX MATCHES. Mr. C. DUNCAN (Greenough Farmers' 'Club) moved-"That in the opinion of this conference it is desirable that restrictions i be placed on the sale of wax matches (other than safeties) or tho importation of same prohibited." "" Mr. CONNOR seconded. After Messrs. Hayward, Burges, and Allnutt bad spoken on the subject, Mr. JACOBY"thought it would be better to withdraw the proposition, as he did not think there was any prospect of it being carriod out. It was the concensus of opinion of those who took part in . the ensuing discussion that most of the fires in the country were ' caused by the careless use of wax matches. Mri SANDERSON said he desired to see the conference a great influence with Par- liament, but he did not . think there was any chance of the resolution being given tho slightest effect to. The motion on being putto the meeting was carried. BUSH^FIRES. Mr. G. M. SEWELL (Pingelly Agricul- tural Society) moved - "That, in the opinion of this conference, tho law regard- ing bush fires requires amonding." Mr. J. N. TAYLOR, in. seconding the reso- lution, said there was never a greater piece of class legislation pasted through both Houses so far as the producers were con- cerned as this amended Bush Fires Act. If a man were (.prevented from starting fires , without the sanction of three of his neigh- bours, "it would g© a long way towards checking these bush fires. Mr. B. G. BURGES said, in reply to re- marks by the seconder, that if the latter read tho Act he would see thatthedates ! for burning were fixed by the Governor-in ! Council. He contended that he had ren I dered good service with respect to buBh fires. The old Act said one could burn at I any time in the year provided they gave a neighbour ten days' notice. A man in Par- liament would not have been doing his -duty .if -he had net endeavoured to get this law altered. There was no use trying to settle the country when a man with ten acres could set fire to it and ruin the sur- rounding farmers. In nine years out of ten the first of March was early enough for starting clearing fires. After farther discussion, tho motion was declared lost. Mr. W. J. SUTTON (Harvey) moved " That, in the opinion of this conference, the Government should have their land along the railway lines, in settled- districts, bnrned off at the end of December in each year, in order to preventfirts." In his dis- trict fires had been caused nearly , every day last summerland settlers had to watch night and day to protect their property ¡ frc m the railway fires. Mr. O. BATH (Harvey) seconded. Mr. HAYWARD said the December as men- tioned in the motion would be too- late for Northern and Eastern districts, although it anight suit the Southern district. He nîoved as an amendment : "That, in the opinion of this conference, the Government should have their land along the railway lines in settled, districts burned or cleared previous to tho ripening of crops." Mr. EDMINBTON seconded. j The .original proposition was withdrawn in favour of the amendment submitted by Mr. Bayward, which was declared carried. STANDARD, TON. I Mr. ASH withdrew the following resolu- tion by tho Harvey Farmers' Club-" That tnis conference is ?strongly in favour of the adoption of 2,0001b. as the standard ton for farm and garden produce, and this confer- ence will endeavour to make use of this standard only." WEIGHTS AND MEASURES. Mr. ASH (Harvey) moved-"That, in the opinion of thi6 conference, the Government should introduce a comprehensive Weights and Measures Act, and appoint inspector? td see the same carried out." He believed there was an Act in fores, but there was no rocognisod standard. Mr. KATH, in seconding, spoke of the necessity for remedying the confusion in weights and measures that at present existed. Mr. WHISTLEE moved, as an amend- ment-"That this conference should ask the Government to adopt a standard of weights and measures, and consider the decimal standard the most suitable." Mr. O'LEARY seconded. The motion was withdrawn, and the amendment carried. STANDABD WEIGHTS AND MEASUEEB. Mr. AeH (Harvey) moved-"That, in the opinion of this conference, tho present four bushel bag should be replaced by one half the size, or to carry 1001b. of grain, and this conference pledges itself to use tho latter size only, if obtainable." He said that the adoption of the proposal was desirable'on the score of economy, as the bags could be more cheaply and con- veniently handled. Young men who had bean brought up on tho land had been physically ruined through having to shift these heavy bags. Mr. POWELL seconded. " Mr. KUNZEL, who spoke in opposition to the proposal, said the four bushel bag had been universally adopted throughout the colonies. A smallor bag would entail more troubling in handling. The motion was then put to the meeting, and declared lost. NOXIOUS WEEDS. There were eight propositions on the agenda paper in reference to noxious weeds. Mr. C. E. KNIGHT (Irishtown Farmers* Club) moved-" That the Department of Agriculture should endeavour to secure the early passing and strict administration of the Noxious Weeds Aot, and in the luterests of economy it is suggested that the office of inspector under this Act should be combined. with that of forest ranger and sandalwood inspector." Mr. Knight said in the Northam and New- castle districts the Spanish radish was spreading with great rapidity, and if something were not done at once they would shortly be only able to lock the stable after the horse was gone. Unless the Act was strictly administered these noxious weeds would spread and become a menace to the prosperity of the farmers. They relied not only on the Bill being passed, but some steps being taken for its efficient admini- stration. Mr. A. Cumming seconded. The CHAIKHAN said the Bill merely gave legislative authority for stops to bo taken for the eradication of any weed that was declared noxious. It was a dead letter until they took action. After further discussion the motion was adopted. Seven other propositions on the agenda paper relating to the eradication of noxi- ous weeds were withdrawn. FEES FOE FUMIGATION. .Mr. MOWFQBTH (Albany and Districts Settlers' Association) mored-"That, in thc opiniou of this conference, the fees for i fumigating hedge plants and email trees I should be at the same rate per 1,000 as 1 fruit trees, etc., are per hundrod." Mr. A. Cummings seconded, and the mo- tion was carried. MARKET FOB MALTING BABLE?. Mr. KNIGHT moved the following motion in the name of the Toodyay Agricultural Society :-"That, in the opinion of this conference, it is desirable that the Depart- ment of Agriculture should draw the attention of the various agricultural socie- ties of this colony to the market existiog here for malting barley, with a view to urging the farmers of this colony to endea- vour to supply this demand, as it would be a source of great profit." He said that a larg» number of farmers had como to him on the subject. An agent should bB ap- pointed in «ach district to * supply the farmers in this respect. Mr. THOS. CLINCH seconded. The motion was carried. " IMPORTATION OF SEED WHEAT. The following motion was forwarded bv the Greenough Farmers' Club in reforoacc to this matter : . . ? The SECBETABY (Mr. Gowen) said the Department had. already taken action ir the matter. Notification had been mad« -to the farmers some. time' ago that thc Department had imported new yarietios of wheat of well-known flour-producing qua- lities from tho Eastern -colonies, and were prepared to supply farmers. Mr. CLINCH (Greenough) moved-"Thati in the opinion of this conference, it is de- sirable that the Doparttnent of Agriculture should procure seed wheat bf known varie- ties, containing the necessary properties for the manufacture of flour equal to the .-imported article, thereby placing the farmers of Western Australia on the same footing as those in the Eastern colonies." Mr. FITZGERALD seconded the motion, which he said was one of tho most import- ant that had beenaubniitted to tho confor ence. * Mr. A. CUMMINGS supported the motion, and spoke of the excellent -qualities of Western Australian dour. MC KNIGHT Baid that tho reason that bread from local flour had not been suc- cessful was because the flour had boen treated as a weak flour" instead of as 'a strong flour. :West Australian flour *was the strongest, with tho exception of Mani- toba. It had been asked, «. Why did they not sell their flour?" (".Prejudice.") This prejudice could be removed. If they simply confined the produce in a barn they would never Convince the world that they had a superior article. It was necessary TO push tho West Australian flour more. Mr. E. G. BUBOES spoke of the good results which had already attended, the exhibits of produce in tho Coolgardie Ex- hibition. . , ' The motion was carried, DEPARTMENT OB AGEICULTUEE. Mr. ABHV (Harvey) moved-y That, in the opinion of this, conference,"neither the late Bureau nor the present Department of Agriculture has given or is giving satisfaction to thp farmers. Tho results have not justified tho expenso, and we con- sider iThigh time and expédient for the Government to carefully consider the re- construction of -the Department, with a view to largely increasing its educational and commercial value and its benefit to the farmer" : Their Department had been «tarted at the. beginning on a wrong foundation, and if thoy had had any expe- rience of other countries they would agroo with blain this. /Why was the .Depart- ment not at . first placed under a Minister, as had been :dpne after- wards P They should. have a professor of 'agriculture; a thoroughly -qualified \- man, appointed. If the Department was established'? : for ^e-dissémination \- of information, the best way to do this tras by lectures and . practical ^demonstrations. The Department of Agriculture Was, he admitted, an improvement oh'.the Bureau of Agriculture, and was a step- in thought direction. Mr. Ash spoke" of the import -anco of thorough experiments by quaufipd men.. A system of experiments over a number of years, was necessary, and as to" the cost of an experimental farm, when they went in for sucha thing they did not èxpectit would pay. Tho motions which had been submitted in roferenco to the findings of the conference showed thai some dissatisfaction was felt wltii the present Department of Agriculture.-. He \- commented adversely on the manner in .which the Insect Pests Act was adminis- tered. The fault of the dissatisfaction was attributable both to the Government and the officors ot the-Department,- The Go- vernment did uofcgívé euough money in the first place/ and in the second place ' »bat money had been allotted had not been applied properly and to the bsBt advantage of the country. The;Prodttcers' Gazette had resulted in a large expenditure of money, «nd he asked the conference- whether the money which had been epent on it would not have been moro profitably employed in defraying ¿the 'Expenses of .travelling leè^ turers to -impart practical information to the farmers. He was nob against the pub- lication of 'the Geeefie, but* some t>f thV subjects treated were sot understood by* . the farmers. The imparting of agricultural knowledge should be begun,fight down in the schools, as was done in Canada, and the children were thus seized with an interest in the life's work before them. Tho reason that their ranks were not moro, numerous was on account of a man's early < training not having developed aninterest er liking for farming, while it would have probably proved to his advantage to have followed this calling. Mr. Ash directed the attention of the Advisory Board to tho system pursued in tho Canadian agricul cultural institute. . --- Mr. HAMILTON seconded the motion. On tho motion of Mr. C. A. Piesse,, the debate cn the question was adjourned The conference then adjourned till 2.30 p.m. On resuming, The CHAIRMAN said that the Minister of -Lands -(Mr. Geo. Throssell), who had' de- sired to address them that afternoon, was. unable to do so, as he was suffering from asevere cold. He (the Chairman) would very much like thoso delegates who were able to come to his place at Guildford on the following morning by the 9 o'clock, train. There was a matter he had been going into very carefully, and he hoped the few particulars he would give them would have the effect of rousing their interest and inducing them to accept his invitation. He had for some considerable time been thinking over the problem of what *hey were to do with their excess of produce in chaff and wheat, and he started to make experimonts. On February 20 he took five old co we, which had been discarded from the milking herd on account of their age, and put them in a small paddock to feed on chaff and grain. He constructed what he called a self-feeding bin, which he fed about once a week, and gave the cattle the run of it, so that there was no necessity for employing the labour involved in attempting to feed the cattle two or three times a day. He put down the value bf tha cows at JA 10s. each, and he fed them for two months. Son» cf them were, raef poor, and "would uot. have lived throng the winter unless/they had bein fed b. some means. : Two of these cows he ha sold as fat beef within the last weelk an the feed they consumed amounted; to- th value of £2 2s. -6d. each, putting chaff a £3 per ten and 'wheat at 3s. pe bushel. He sold- _the two cows" fo a total of £19 8a 2d.,- so that by the ex pendituro of £2 2a. 6d. he increased th value roughly from ¿84103. to £9 11B: Th cost of the labour was fairly returned ii tho manure-distributed on tho field. Th JE3 and 3s. for produce he took as tho valu placed on the truck, but he was saved thi expenditure and had simply io put it int the bin, and those two outlays abou balanced each otheiv BOBINO TOB WATER. Mr. BDTCHEE, on behalf of tho North erners' Association, moved-" That, iu th opinion of this-conference, it is advisahlt that the Government give immediato offec to the recommendations of the Under Soc retary for Public. Works- published in th« WEST AUSTRALIAN of March 21sf, 1898 in regard to helping settlers to bore f o water." Mr. CLARKSON secoadod. The SECBETABT (Mr.Coweu) said tba the Advisory Board had .recommended th« Minister "tb purchase-five "or ebî .borinj plants, - and the Minister was desirous, o purchasing thom as soon as funds wert available. - \- The motion was carried. - ADULTÉRATION OP FOODS. . The following-motion stood in the nami of the Boyanup Farmers' and Progresi Association :-"That; in .tho opinion of thl conference, the Government Bhouid givi affect te the'motion re adulteration o foods, passed at the last conférence.'' Tho SECEETART ' '? said that effect hat already been giyen to the Tñatter in th« "Health Act Amendmont Bill. . The'motiótfwas withdrawn." THE.SALE OF PRODUCE. At Wednesday's sitting of the cenf orcncE the following motion wasadoptod ¿-" That ia the opinion of this conference, in view ol -tho diifioulty exporienccd with regard tc the sale of agricultural produce during the present season, it is desirable that proiapi action be taken by' äje conference in the formation »f sonSe' scheme that will it future minimise such difficulties, and thal the AdviBory'Board und- Messrs. Knight Butler, Morrel^ Bönjpster, and the moyet bo appointedacommittee to draft a scheme and suhmit the samo to a futrare sitting "oí the conferenco.'"' '-. " ?? jfâJhfàf~1b& founw^°«iep^''t^'aú1y mft^by"^ . . ; i " Thur ; committee having ' investigated the question submitted ; te; thom so far ft! able with the material - and informatica available,'we' would- roectómend that yoi should now eloc't a small ^permanent coto' ínittee to follow up. the subject, and thal the v Department of ;.. Agriculture bo, ire quested to obtain alldata as to the systems of co-operation ¿nd other means of assist- ance to the prodücors both in. Australia and öthor parts öf the worlds "and upon receipt of such mformáíáon the secrotary shall cali jrOiír committee together as soon as able tc re|K>rt j ;and. that yióuri ^omúüttee shhll then take " such stops as ' ié~'èpeééd neoes saty tb bring tho nutter practically hef ore the ^members of tho«enterencc." In moving the adoption "of the report, Mr. Knight' said that 4he producers, it wae felt,-did not only require a means of storing their pipduoe but a aeons bf -distribution) and a profectioh ^agaiustv Heading "with peoplo who wüte, not - ia a sound financial position. The scheme tho cóínmittoe "cóh sidored should bo given moro consideration than they, were able to devote te it.. He hoped the^oommittee that would be ap- pointed Would j^ve their"-services " when oallod npon. " . V c . . .:. Mir. FITZGERALD Bccondedihe adoption of the xepórt,: which was agreed to. -. - -The .following was the. committee ap- pointed :-Messrs. Butler, Burgos, Demp- ster,- Hay wardle.. A, Piesse, Sanderson, 'Knight; and tho.memberB of 'the Advisory Board. , ".TJ. : / !'_-' .,. .- <-::- : \- ; KANGAROOS.. Mr. SMITH (Wongamine Farmers* Club) moved-f'That, ia the opinion of., this conference, .it is highly "desirable ' that no person or persons living within a distance of 80 miles from JÑeWoastloehall heallowed to kill I kahgairôQs'ùhless they make use of the. meat,, and"that "they shall: not bo allowed te kill them purposely: .for the skins " - , . . - : ' ..' . : Mr. ABTHUB BALL seconded. - After-some discussion tho following amendment, moved by Mr. Knight, waá jearriedï-"That/ in" the opinion pfr this conference, it is desirable that the Gov- ernment should form kangaroo protected areas upon requisition for such aroa, to be forwarded through the roads board." Mr. BUTCHER moved-" That, in the opinion of this conference, a bonus should be offered for the destruction of kangaroos in tiie northern districts of the colony, and that a tax be levied upon the owners of stock in those districts to meet the attendant ooBt." - Mr. EILET seconded the motion, which was lost. DISTILLATION ACT. Mr. POLE moved-"That,'in the opinion of this conference,.the Distillation Act should be so amended as to allow wine- makers on a small scale to purchase spirits for fortifying (from still-holders) free of duty." Mr. DsuAsson seconded the motion, which was carried. TRESPASS ACT. Mr. CONNOR mored-"That, in the opinion of this conference, it is most desir- able that th* Trespass Act be so amended as to prohibit the shooting of pigs." Mr. HAMILTON seconded.. The discussion which followed was taken part in by Mr. Piesse and Mr. Dempster, and the motion was finally carried. _ DIPABTKINT*w AOBiouiffua*. Th« motion in regard te the Departmsut ot Agrioultare> which ma moved by Mr, Ash just befpro the conference adjourned for luncheon, was at this stage put to the meeting and lost, TAX OK BICYCLES. Mr. ECCLESTON (Donnybrook) moved "That, ia the opinion of this conferenco, all bicycles should be taxed, such taxes to go -to the funds of the roads boards/' Mr. TEIGWELL seconded the motion, which, after a short discussion, was lost. .IHPOETATION OI- SCREENED COEN. Mr. EDWARDS (York Agricultural Society) moved-"Tljat, in the opinion of this con- ference, the Government should prohibit the importation of corn for fowls known as " screened ' corn, as it is known to be mixed with stinkwort and othor noxious weeds." Mr. DEMPSTER seconded tho motion, which was àdoptod. ? DEAKESBEOOK EXPERIMENTAL PLOT. Tho following-motion appeared on the agenda paper ia the name of the Donny- brook Progross Association :-"That, in -the opinion of this conference, tho Govern-. nient should he asked to publish a report on the experimental plot at Drakesbrook, showing coBt of labour, jnanure, seeds, and also what seeds were found, to bo most suitable, and the most suitable manure to apply .to.thom." , Mr. GOWEN (the secretary) -said that a ropört had been .prepared -'covering what was suggested in the motion. ThhV report would be printed and circulated. It showed that the cost of labour, seeds, and manure at tho experimental plot since the first of .July had been £115, and the receipts had boen £IS. There was a largo quantity of stuff from the Drakesbrook experimental plot at the Coolgardie Exhibition. There wero no less than 766 varieties of grains, "grasses, and vegetables at tho plot, all of which, had been tested and reported upon. Those included 200 varieties of cereals. The motion was formally carried. : INVASION or KABBiie. v Mr. MCLEAN moved:-"That, in fho opinión of ibis conference; immediate steps, should bs taken by the Government to erect a fence' and take other necessary steps so as to stop the rabbits from in- vading the settled portions of the colony." Mr, A. CUMMINGS seconded the motion. Mr, SafjtGHT,-ia'- supporting the motion, eaid that tho matter was OUB of the utmost' importance. '. He might say it was moro important than carrying a railway another hundred miles into the goldfields, er, to go further, than the., carrying out of the Cool- gardie water scheme. It was necessary to emphasise its importance,, so that the Goverument should be impreBsod with the representations *f tho producers in the" matter. ~ , . . ^ The motion/ was carded," as,was also, the following preposition, forwarded by the Northerners' Association :-" That, in the cpinioniof this conferes<»,the extraordinary apathy, displayed by the Government in neglecting to take immediate and- sub- stantial steps to prevent the further in- - i çursion/of rabbits f rom". thér- East ; is dangerously detrimental td the'. settlers throughout the .length and breadth of Western Australia." - "?'??'r - ~ ^- ? . ? STOCK BOUTES. The following motion was adopted with- out dispussíón, on the motion- of Mr. BUTÇHEÉ, seconded by Mr. W. J. SUTTON: ; -"That, in the opinion of this conference, it is desirable that, a report be published by tho Government as to the facilities offered by the two stock routes between the Northern pastoral districts and the South.", . . TICK REGULATIONS. " ^ Mr. BUTCHES (Northerners' Association) moved-" That, in the opinion *f this con- ference, tho quarantine regulations with regard to tick-infested cattle be most rigorously enforced." Mr. CLIFTON seconded the proposition, which was agreed to. -T' \- TAX CN ENTIRES. * Mr. -BUTCHER moved^-"That, in the opinion otthis conferonce.it ÍB desirable ot levy a tax on all entire horses over the age Cf eighteen months." -Mr. CONNOR seconded the motion, which was carried. ?: "' :,. '- ' . BRANDS AND EARMARKS. : The fohowing motion, in the name of the Northerners'- Association, .was moved by Mr. BUTCHER, seconded by Mr. KNIGHT, and adopted ;-'' That, in the . opinion of this conference; the Government should in- troduce, at the earliest possible date, a Bill dealing "with brands and earmarks, and . that such Act should be under the control of the Chief Inspector of Stock, and that a register cf brands and earmarks be kept for public inspection at all Besident Magis- trates' ofiiceB, .police stations, and post offices, and that such register be procurable ? for a small fee." PROTECTION oi" EMUE. Mr. BUTCHER (Northerners' Association) moved-"That, in.the opinion of thiB con- ference, emus should not be . protected in the northern districts." "Carried. POISONS. Mr. BUTCHER moved-"That all strych- nine sold for the purpose of destroying wild dogs or vermin snail be coloured." Ho said that tho motion had beou for- warded by the Northerners' Association, as attempts had been made with this sub- stance to poison settlers. Mr. CUMMINGS seconded the motion, which was adopted. DISEASES IN STOCK, ETC. lu the course of a discussion on the question of the investigation of diseases in stock, vegetables, crops, fruit, etc., the Secretary (Mr. Co wen) said there seemed to be an impression in the minds of a portion of the public that the Department of Agriculture also dealt with matters "relating to stock, and he was often iu receipt of correspondence, which he for- warded to the Stock Department. The ¿took Department was in the same posi- tion as the Department of Agriculture in having officers, but no finances to enable them to travel. The latter Department had been very severely retrenched during the past twelve months, and it was very difficult to make ends meet. " ZONE1*1 SYSTEM OP RAILWAYS. . The conference then discussed the fol- lowing motion forwarded by the Southern Districts Agricultural Association, con- sideration of which had been doferrod : "That, in the opinion of this conferenco, it is desirable, in the interests of the agri- cultural community, that the 'zone' sys- tem for the carriage of goods on railways should be introduced into this colony." Mr. PIESSE suggested that the motion .should be, withdrawn. It was, he added, to bo discussed at the Intercolonial Rail- way Conference which was to be held at Brisbane. ; ' The motion was withdrawn. AGRICULTURAL STATISTICS. Mr. PIESSE , (Wagin Branch Bureau) 'moved-"That, in the opinion of this.con- ference, an Agricultural Statistical Aroa Bill be introduced as early as possible, with the object of dividing the colony into statistical districts, the present system having proved unsatisfactory." He said that* system must be introduced defining the boundaries, and let those be tho boundaries for all time. These boun- daries were necessary for the purposes'1 of collection. ¿ ? Mr. KTJKZEL seconded the proposition, which was adopted by the conference. \- CANNING JARBABT COMPANY'S RAILWAY. Mr. A. SANDERSON moved-" That, in the opinion pf this conference, the Government should purchase the. Canning Jarrah Com- pany's railway." The Government, he said.had the right of purchasing the line at the end of this year at a cost not ex eroding £1,000 per mile, and he thought tho conference should urge tho Government to take over the line. - Mr. WILKINSON seconded the motion,, which, was carried. This was the last motion ou the agenda paper. CONCLUDING REMARKS BY THE CHAIRMAN. The CHAIRMAN, before the conference broke up, said that he desired to again refer to the responsibility which rested ou delegates to endeavour to have effect given to the resolutions which Were passed at these conferences. Last year a resolution had baen moved-"That in the opinion oE this conferenco,-the Government should raise the re ward on wild dogs' tails to £1 throughout the colony, sheep to bo taxed to meet the additional cost." As a motion "had been ' brought forward practically to censure tho Government and-the Depart- ment of Agriculture for such small results ^having been achieved .from their delibera» tions he wished to point out the'process hy which their desires, were not carried out. j The resolution in regard, to the destruction j of wild dogs wasjsent on to the Minister of Lands ia the usual way, and his reply was that he regretted he could - not increase the reward for tho destruction, of dogs, but that he approved of tho prin- ciple of taxation. In his place in the House he moved that resolution, as the Government would not adopt it, and it was " some members -representing agricul- tural districts that were the strongest opponents. Amongst those who voted for. the motion there was not, with the excep- tion of himself and Mr. Quinlan, a, single member representing an agricultural dis- trict. The delegates , should see that their representatives in Parliament carried out their wishes, or know the reason why!" He desired to impress upon -them the neces- sity, in season and out of aeason, to keep these matters before tho -members for their districts. In conclusion ho had much pleasure in thanking them for the reasonable and sensible manner ia which they had dealt with tho "resolutions that had como before them. He looked forward to great and good results being achieved in the future by their deliberations. ~ VOTER OE THANES . On the motion -of Mr. Knight, seconded hy Mr. Piesse, a cordial vote of thanks was awarded to the chairman.,'. On the : pro» £? osai of'Mr. Allnutt, seconded by- Mr.r lëmpster, a similar compjimont was paid to "tho Secretary and the" officers of the Department of Agriculture. The Chair- man and Mr. Gowen having roplied, tho conference terminated. 