ITEEBIGUNDAH (From & ooroeBpondeat). A. H beting of the Progress Association «u field -en Saturday night last. The «ecrretary read a tetter received from ■the member for the district stating that no leases for dredging purposes "would be granted pending the passage a hill now before parliament. j The mm of £30 has been granted ; 5or improvements -on the Bumbo toad on-conditions that a similar amount be raised ty the public -either in money or j labor. The Bambo Gold Mining Co. 3i» promised £15 towards the object, «nd the Progress Committee has opened a subscription list to collect the •balance. A resolution was passed tint a letter "be written to the Road Super requesting that the dangerous parts of the road between the Gulph and Buro . ftodalla be protected by fences. Mr. A. A. Byrne had a narrow es cape from drowning while crossing the Tuross River above Cadgee. He was washed off his horse and had some difficulty in freeing himself from the animal. . A aon of $fr, Wattle Wright's has discovered what is apparently « pay able reeff near Tinpot. Messrs. O'Grady and Gorden have ^&p;{Aaed for Oovemwent aid to assist .them in developing their mine. Messrs. Latty Bros, have cut their weS at 100 feet, and some excellent specimens have been obtained. Messrs. Damage and Utting are getting out good stone and will shortly (have a crashing. Most of the alluvial otaram have a topped work because of the wet I weather, and the quantity of water in 4he'0reefc dlanas. Football has been dispensed with ffor this season and cricket is taking the sway, so that at an early date it «nay be possible to arrange a match with Oobargo. The last match between these two clubs was played at Cobargo, 4fo it is only reasonable to expect a "visit from the Oobargo •dub. Mr. Campbell has made a great'' im provement in (lie appearance of the «chool and the scrub away from the buildings. And it would he a good thing for the 4$pearsmoe of the cemetery if a day was arranged for volanteers to meet' »nd cut away the scrub before ,the ■summer comes ni with its diy hot weather and iisrial bushfires. And now, what ia it, if yon pierca through fail cants, his oft-repeated hear says, whatfceoalU his worships, *■'■ »nd so forth—what is it, that the modern English soul truth, dread infinitely and contemplate with -entire despair)—what is. the \- hell 1—after aU these reputable, oft repeated hearsays, what ia it? With hesitation, with astonishment, I pro nOanoe it to be; the terror of 'not succeeding,' of oot making money, fame, or some «fiher figure in the world ►' —chiefly of BeK malring money* ^ 0Dr neighbours is the very Toot ont of which sooial fife must grow ' if we are to h«re *oy«ocial life at all. It u ft fundamental ethical law that -no Eaa can achieve his own personal happiness f t&hsppmess;^ti&ers.; . CbuUBt' - wful oocupaticm Jsthe 