FRESH-FOUND MUNICIPAL ZEAL. THE extraordinary energy displayed by some members of the Geraldton Municipality in endeavoring to induce the Council to refuse permission t3 the Victoria FireJ Insurance Company to reconstruct tho " Telegraph Chambers" with similar material to that of which they were formerly composed, is exciting no lictle comment in the town, and, in many instances, motives the reverse of disinterested are ascribed to a section of those who are concerned in the move. We should be sorry to think that there is ground for the suspicion, but the indecent haste exhibited in some quarters to over-ride the by-laws of ,the Municipality and tiring to a swift termination a practice decided upon after much deliberation and adhered to for over two years, is apt to set people a wondering and provoke the distrustful portion of the community to inquire into the why and the wherefore of this soul-consuming desire for sweeping innovation. The circumstances'of the case, so far as we can "ascertain them, are these. Last month the " Telegraph Chambers," the property of Mr. ROBERT DABBING, were burned down The Vi ctaria Iusuranae Co with whom Mr DABMNG had taken out a policy, were entitled, in the terms of that policy, to either hand Mr DARLING £600 in cash, or reerect the buildings. They decided on the latter course, and took immediate steps to carry out their deci sion. On Monday night last, the Mayor read a memo, from the Town Surveyor, announcing the company's intention, but this was deemed irre gular. At an adjourned meeting on the following evening, a formal notice in strict compliance with the by-laws was lodged, and it then rested with the Council to come to a conclusion as to whether they, should grant the necessary license to build. No 2 of the by-laws of the Municipality, reads aa follows: " Every person intending to commence to build, take down, alter, add to, or repair any building, or do any act whereby anv public street may be ohatrneted or rendered dangerous or inconvenient to persons passing over or near thereto shall give three days notice in writing-, to the Surveyor, of his in- tention so to do, and shall deposit drawings and specifications of the proposed works. Such notice shall be delivered at the Surveyor's office, and shall contain particulars of the site and nature of each intended buildings, work or other act. The Surveyor shall thereupon grant a license in the form A. of the schedule hereto." It was under this by-law - that the Insurance Company applied, and they seem to have fulfilled its re quirements to the letter. A number of Councillors, however, in spite of the reasonable remonstrances of the Mayor, clamored for a refusal of the application, unless the Company agreed to construct the Chambers wholly of stone or brick. Now No. 7 by-law says :— " With regard to the component materials of external walls that front upon or face towards any public street. Every 6uch wall must be built of brick or stone or artificial stone together laid on and with mortar or cement in such manner as to produce solid work." . Acting on the strength of this bylaw, the Council have for the past two years insisted only on the front walls of any building facing a public street being constructed of stone or brick. The Councillors who, on Monday and Tuesday nights donned their war paint £o do battle against the Insurance Company, maintained that the by-law was not in conformity with the 13th section of "The Building Act, 1384/' which states that— " No buildings shall, after the passing of this Act. be erected within any municipality, the external walls of. which building shall be wholly or in part of wood." They appear, however, to have overlooked the fact that in the amended Act, assented to in August 1887, section 3 modifies this. It. reads— " Nothwithstanding the 13th section of ' The Building Act, 1884,' the Municipal Council shall have power in their discretion to permit, by written license, the erection lof any building under such restrictions or for each time as the license shall specify." any Councillor or from the public. Moreover, the question of vested interests comes in. The application seeks only to replace the structure burned down with one exactly similar. The row of buildings destroyed by fire last month stand on ground which is leased only for a short term of years. To now compel the people who hold these leases to put up permanent structures after granting them permission in the first place to erect temporary ones, would be—as the Mayor pointed out—a gross injustice and wrong. It would be depriving them of the fruits of their enterprise. Mr DAKLING mav "have no wish to stand on ceremony in the matter, but there are the other leaseholders. The latter are not" building now, l?ut they may want to build later on. What if Mr ALEXANDER is anxious to re-build, and finds that he must erect his large warehouses of stone or brick on land which will pass out of his hand6 in a fsw years? Last pf all there is the Insurance Company. Most people have little sympathy with an Insurance Co. It is regarded as a fit subject to bleed. But it has rights in this particular instance, and a public body like a Municipal Council should be the last to try to rob it of those rights. While complimenting the M«yor and congratulating the town ou the heroic stand taken by him in connection with tbe matter, we must confess we cannot comprehend the ]>ccu!iar attitude of some of the Councillors over this question, and we have no ambition to probe the motives underlying their behaviour. But the appalling suddenness with which they have given birth to aspirations for the architectural adornment of the town of their adoption, and the uervoos anxiety which they have betrayed to block the Insurance Company's applica tien,.cannot do other than excite public criticism of a decidedly free-and easy character. Nor are these Councillors satisfied with their defeat of TUPS night. They have returned, to the charge with renewed vigor, and, at their instigation, a requisition has been ad dressed to the Mayor requesting him to call a special meeting to deal with the question anew. Why all this abnormal activity? Why this mysterious, pre ternatur&l; solicitude for the inauguration of a stone and brick era in Geraldton ? The public will want to know, Where a number of Council lorn, who have hitherto kept as silent as mates about the merits or defects of the Building Act, almost tumble over one another in their frantic efforts to have 'the provisions of that Act distorted out of recognition in order to apply them with unprecedented severity to a particular case, there rises at once a haunting suspicion in the average mind that behind the little cloud of verbal smoke in which they envelope themselves there is a bushfire on either a large or a small scale. So that even if No. 7 by-law was ultra vires, or insufficient, this, amendment palpably gives a discretionary power to the Council to grant a license in the present case. And then the question arises, why should they not grant a license? During the last two years there have been numerous buildings erected in Geraldton, fronting public streets, of exactly the same material as that proposed to be used in the construction of the Chambers, and there has not been one word of protest from 