FIRE AT HEYFIELD. A visitor to Cowwmr, Gippsland. sends the following graphic description of the re cent hush-lire which swept the Hevfield Kstate and other port ions of the district a few days ago:—"We have had one of the most lerrihle hush-fires that 1 can remem ber in any part of Australia, being a native over 47 years of age, and having travelled almost all over it except the W'est. The lire started on the Melbourne side o: Cow warr railway-station. The thermometer was I04deg. in (he shade at 0 a.m. on Saturday, 23rd inst., with a tremendously Strong, hot wind blowing from the north. Messrs. O'JJrien, senior and junior, and I had just returned to (he Pine-grove home stead after drafting a couple of hundred fat bullocks on some of his recent purchase on the Heyfield Est ate (Tyson si, when the Cowwarr stationmaster rode up at full gal lop and informed Mr. O'Brien that his pad docks on the Melbourne side of the Cow warr station were on fire. We immediately remounted and galloped to the scene. It was something terrible—J do not think I shall ever forget it in this world--to see the cattle and horses galloping about with their coats on fire, and some of them with the skins burnt through, and the flesh raw, and others blind, being run into a corner ia grass 3ft. to 4ft. high, and jammed in to Be roasted. Almost the whole popula tion around here have been working since Saturday morning till this morning (Mon day) continuously, hut all to no avail, as through the strong wind (I heard sailors say it was blowing 40 to 50 miles an hour), I sa\V the .flames fly over 200 yards be fore the main body of fire in the long grass. 1 never want a similar Christmas holiday, and 1 suppose the unfortunate land-owners don't eituer. Mr. O'Brien loses the whole of the grass on ■ the £36,000 odd worth of land he purchased at Tyson's a few weeks ago. They managed to save the homestead buildings, but there are miles of fencing destroyed, besides part of the drafting yards at Tvson's, where so many of his Well-known' bullocks said good-bye for the last time. He also loses about 5,000 acres at Pine-irrove, besides a lot of fences and Hay id cocks. He had to shift 800 bullocks to another property at Glengarry to-day, till he makes other arrangements. 1 Mr Fogarty, the president of the Hose dSfe shire, loses nearly 2,000 acres of grass, including his recent purchase at Tyson's; ;ha is" imlhing. over 200 cows, and had to teift a' paddock, as he had not 10 acres of "" lift, I suppose Messrs. Wooohouse, f Kennivan, P. O'Brien, and Allen **' ff^' all heavy losers/ with over Iwiww Stfe' all heavy losers,' with over TOWr acrdfl bach. There is not 200 acres bariir 11 ti twrt Itibi tiactal* - Ifttf fflnpft j js BtraPge, M never. Id# more JtfgMs Shy yeat during the' mjvirf CjWarak Sfile from he ' south, talcing crops, grass, and fences be fore it. The young.ladies of the district worked like heroes, cringing us eatables and, drink,! and facing the fire like, I hope, our cpun tryinen will at South Africa, via., Misses OBrien (3), Fraser (3), Woodliouse (2),; Fogarty (8), Rice, Kennivans, and many others whom I don't knowj but I aim sure they saved a few lives with drinks, ' e fire-fighters became knocked out. 