THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. Tenders are invited up till Saturday, IGth inst., for the renovation of St. John the Baptist Church, Murray Bridge. The Port Elliot Produce Company con tinues to flourish, the operations of the half-year recently ended showing n very satisfactory profit. Ten births—six males and four females — mid five deaths—two males mid three fern des—were registered at Mount Barker during November. Mount Barker's rainfall for November was just under 2in., which is about hulf an inch less than that during the corresponding month of L898. Summer lias now set in in earnest. The shade reading of the thermometer at Mount Barker yesterday was lOLdeg., while on Wednesday it went 96deg. and on Tuesduy 90deg. The ordinance of believers' baptism was observed at the Mount Barker Biptist Church on Sunday evening, there being a large con gregation. The Rev. A. Metters discoursed on 4' The Baptism of Jesus Christ," and at. the close three candidates wore immersed. John Berry, of Macclesfield, who was com mitted for trial at the Mount Barker Cniri j for horse-stealing, was acquitted *.t the Ada- j laide Criminal Sittings on Wednesday, the | charge againjt him not having been proved. The half-yearlv meeting of shareholders in tlie Blakiaton Diiry Produce Conpiiiy wil be held at the Littlehimpton Hotel «»n Monday evening, 18ih inst., when in addition to the usual business two mi litora will be elected. The new regulation with regard to the Saturday trains to ttie Huls stations us fa.* as Mount Barker, by which tickets ran tie 1 obtained at excursion fares, came into fo'ce on Saturday, and largely increased traffic to the rariou* resorts along the line is expeeir ' to result. Tlie work of printing the Courier illus trated Christmas supplement id being rapidly proceeded ' with, and the result will bo u decided advance on lasl year's number. In order to prevent disappointment- copies should be bespoke't before the day of punuc atiotij Friday, 22nd inst. On Sunday the anniversary of the Mount Barker Baptist Sunduy-scho >1 will be bratcd, when the Her. B. MuCullou^h will preach morning and evening a ml ron- lu.-t a children's service in the afternoon. On Tues day evening the Rev. E. H. Ellis will leriure on u The Highlands of Scotland," illustrate I by lantern views. Our Mon&rto; correspondent reports a snake from 10ft. to 15ft. long " un I as thick as a man's leg" having been seen in his district, but, like Lhe biggest fish in the angler's yarn, it got away. There are various thicknesses of men's legs, by the wuyt but doubtless the reptile measured someihin^ between 6in. und 18iu. This, however, is beaten by the Euduuda correspondent of one of tho dailies, who declares that a local farmer the other day shot a carpet snake 17ift. long, also " as thick as n man's leg." These lovable creatures are seldom disturbed up that way, it appears, because they co operate with the farmers in the destruction of rabbits ! [From: Our Owx Correspondents.} Woodside. December G. All the farmers are now busy harvesting, and the majority are cutting very good crops, the late rains having made a wonderful improvement in paddocks that previously looked very sickly. Soute rain fell on Saturday night, which will retard matters u little, while the high wind which prevailed ! on the same afternoon had the effect of thinning the fruit crops eomewhat, but as regards apples this was rather beneficial than otherwise. Feed is abundant, and the country is looking splendid, the usual stock in the " long paddock " not being equal to keeping it down, and farmers whose land adjoins Lhe ra*in roads express anxiety of fires with «o much grass about. tfonairto, December C. The weather this week it more settled end 1 suitable for harvesting than lias been the case lately. Saturday was exceptionally rough, blowing a hurricane all day, with dense clouds of dust, and had the wheat been riper u great quantity would hare been shaken .out. There are some very fair crops in the district, but not so good as wus expected . at one time, the dry weather and severe frosts doing much damage to theio, : The bum of the stripper is now heard, and If the weather continues hot reaping will be in full swing in a few days. As at all other places, influenza has been very .prevalent here, though it now seems to have li&d; its day. I hare not heard of any fatal cases, but it will be some lime before a good many look like their former selves again. The hot weather is bringing the snakes out. One very large one has been seen within the boundary of the Monarto district. A farmer was out riding in his paddock, and, seeing something having the appearance of a gate rail, he rode up to it and discovered it to be an enormous snake quite 10ft. long and as thiok as his leg. The reptile, however, made its exit as quickly as possible, with the farmer after it, but it reached a rabbit .burrow and so secured its safety. It has beon seen aeain by another fanner, who says it is quite 15ft. long. This, mind you, is 41 snake yarn." Encounter'Bay, December 7. December was ushered in with high winds and equally weulher, very rough eeas prevail ing along the coast. Some damage ha* been done to fruit trees, and hay crops ready for stacking were in some cases considerably scattered by the force of the wind. The weather is now hot, Monduy being the hottest day this season. Haymaking is neurly finished on the plains. A series of bushfires were observed to the west of Victor Harbor on Blonday, but they were principally confined to the scrub, so that no damage was done. An accident of a serious nature recently occurred near Victor Harbor. A child of Cender years was running an I fell upon a stick, which penetrated the throat. The little euffeier if, however, progressing favor ably. . A farmer in the vicinity of the Cat Hill, on the Willunga road, came on some good gold prospects while sinking postholes in gully land. Judging from the appearance of the country many of the gully flute would pty | for prospecting. The find is on private pro- i perty. A few years ugo several old pros pectors got a living by fossicking among the ranges, but left for West Australia on Iho opening of the new goldfields there. The librarian of the Victor Harbor Institute is taking a well-earned holiday, the .first he has had for 17 years, and uutil now he has not visited Adelaide for 35 years. A large number of fish were cnuglil by anglers from the jellies at Victor Harbor on Honday, principally echnapper. A shark was also hooked and eventually landed. It measured about 6ft. A large fish about 9ft. long was takeu by a resident of Encounter Bay. It is of a species unknown to local fishermen, and the capture has caused some curiosity. The reserve fences at Victor Harbor hive been repaired uud painted, the gentlemen's bathing-limne shifted Lo a site further east, and the old burges on the foreshore destroyed. The new swimming-baths are in use duily and should be a great attraction for visitors throughout the season. Callin^ton, December 6. Tlio weather far the poet few days has been very hot and is causing the wheal crops to ripen sooner -than was expected. Most of our farmers have finished hiy carting, and although the crops were by no means henry there is a good deal of huy in the district. Stripping lias already com menced iti a few of I he early varieties of wheat, and tho sample is slightly pinched owing to having ripened rather quickly. Grasshoppers are very numerous and are doing considerable damage to both grasses and green crops, especially to lucern, which in some places they have stripped bare to the stalk. The work of unwutering and cleaning up the shaft at the north end of the Bremer mine is progressing -satisfactorily. The gentleman in charge is having the shaft securely limbered as they go down and expects to have the place in good order in a week or two, when it is anticipated that exploratory work will be begun. Very favorable accounts come from the Paringa and Kanraantoo mines also, but, so far most of the work undertaken by the companies who have them in hand consists of cleaning up and exploring old workings, most of which have fallen into a very dilapidated condition. Several parties have been engaged for some months on the two last-mentioned mines treating ore on the tribute system with splendid results, sometimes making as much us £4- u week per man. Macclesfield, December G. Mr. Bottrill (" Uncle Harry ") preached in the Congregational Church on Sunday last, and on Monday evening gave an excellent concert in the institute-hall to an appreciative audience. The program con misled of selections from Dickens's 44 Christ rn is Carol," splendidly rendered bv " Uncle Harry," who evoked the heartiest applause. Interspersed with the recitals were 10 selections from the Edison grand concert phonograph. This was the first occasion on which the fine instrument has been heard in public in the colony, and the remarkable distinctness with which the songs, &c.;, were rendered made one imagine that the performers were before them in real life. There was no necessity to crowd round the instrument nor to pre serve an unearthly quiet, and it was quite questionable whether if. was not as well heard at the back of the halt as in front. A hearty vote of thanks was unanimously accorded to the genial 41 Uncle Harry," on the motion of Mr. Davenport, seconded by Mr. Luke. It. is said that tiie English Church here, which has been closed For some years, is to h.« reopened by the Rev. II. Wylie, of >Slrathalbyn, on Ch'isitiiis Eve. i East Wellington, December 6. I S-ii.ur Inj I unit. ivrt*j a uiiHti disagreeable day, Mie wind blowing h unit* from (lie west, accoinpauic I by cloud* of dust, hut during the I»i5i (wo we liuve bud steady heat— jnot right, from a farmer's uoint of view. Sirtppiug is in progress at. Tuileni.Bend, uiid as far as lean bear with satisfactory results. L'be (ate of the Solomon Ministry is being wsilcbeil with u considerable amount of' inte eft here, and it w.ndd not be- surprising if liter weiv iroiled in the .same wayas the QueLMislund G-overiiient were. Cooke's .Plains, December 6. The iventiier ycrier lay nn l to-day was rattier ton li.it to be comfortable. A fire h^nke out in n farmer's 'wheat crop vester lay. but the only damage , done was the destruction of-about a couple of husliels of wlp'at and three acres of grass. Furtunutely the fuc was discovered immediately after if started, and by the aid of two willing workers it was soon brought under cotiirol; otherwise (lie damage (night hare been considerable. It is thought that the fire originated from phosphorus that had been laid for the purpose of poisoning crows. The rainfall for last mouth was T47ind this making a total of 15'12in. for the 11 months of this year. During 1898 tbe total full was 12.83in. Strathalbyn. December 7. The weather during the past few days has been very hot, and t us surrounding hills a great contrast to what the? were a few weeks ago. Last Saturday was a terror, the wind being terrific. The prospectus of tbe Wheal Ellen Com pany is issued, and I hope the local people will not allow this good investment to slip from their grasp. I am told that, several of our speculators look upon the Wheal Elleu askance, having sunk on different occasions fair sums of money without any good results. Seeing whose hands the workings nre now in, J hardly think there is any fear of u repetition of the old failures. Payment for the property is to be made ia shares only, that all money subscribed, less brokerage, will be working capital. This ia surely- on index of the eood faith Messrs. Brookmau and Co. have in the venture. A very old resident of the district, Mr. J. Ferguson, sen., 80 years of age, was accidently killed on Friday last. He was engaged stacking wood on his cart, and losing his foothold he fell backwards and crushed the base of his skull. He was picked up unconscious remaining so until 6.30. p.m., when he expired. Dr. Shone, who was sent for at 4 o'clock, was unfortunately unable to leave a dangerous case he had in the township, and the accident being reported to the police M.C. Thornton went out to Sandergrove and made inquiries, the result of which was that Mr. W. Rogers, J.P, gave an order for burial, deeming an inquest unnecessary. On Monday last u lad named Harry Allen broke his arm in u ntost peculiar way! He was out rabbiting, and whilst ch&siug; a hare his kangaroo dog ran into him. The lad was thrown to the ground with great violence, in the fall breakiug both boDes of his left arm above the wrist. Mr. C. L. A. Wynlt temporarily set the arm pending Dr. Shoue's return from Milang, and the youth is now doing well. A special meeting of the Agricultural Society was held on Friday afternoon -and was well attended, Mr. J. Cheriton presiding. The balance-sheet was read, and the entire meeting expressed pleasure at there being a credit-balance in the face of the many draw backs at the last show. The ladies' assist ance was most valuable, as by their efforle in providing the luncheon a gain of £33 was made, while the concert produced £8. The secretaries, Messrs. Adams and Tucker, were highly complimented- not only on the i efficiency of their work, but on the economical manner in which that work w&b; carried out. On Wednesday evening the Lord Bishop of Adelaide held a confirmation service in Christ Church, when 25 candidates were 'pre sented by the vicur, the Rev. H. Wylie, Strothulbyn, Finniss, Milang, and Lang home's Creek being represented. The Bishop's address was an exceedingly impres sive one and was much appreciated by the large congregation present-. There was a . full ohoir, and special hymns for the occasion were sung. The swimming classes initiatod last.year at J the instigation of Dr. Shone arc once more in < full swing, and those who were taught last summer have not forgotten what they learned. The instructors arc kept going as hard as they can in (ho limited time at their disposal, so that additional tutors are needed. The adult ladies' clues is also to bo revived. Perth, the French champion racehorse, has won £32,500 in stakes this season. j)eBpile all the outcry that lias been made over betting on cycle races there has been more wagering about this year's Austral than on a*iy previous meeting. It is reported that Martin, Boidi, and Parsons are each backed to wiu between £3000 and £4000, to eay nothing of the money such riders as Suther land, McCombe, Sandberg, F. Beaucbamp, Brooker, Morgan, and many other well backed man would lake out of the ring. Should either Murtin or Parsons succeed in getting into the final the big race will be almost a certainty for either, for with the large amount of money at, their- disposal they could buy assistance in the way of pace that would enable tnem to overhaul the long markers and thus gain a big pull over all the other riders. 