The CurrandooIey Camp. A GREAT GATHERING. [FROM OUR WAR CORRESPONDENT.] The Currandooley Camp of the southern districts troops of the First Australian Horse began on Thursday, under happy auspices. The different troops that took ours in it were--Goulburn, Bungendore, Micalago, Bredbo, Braidwood, end Araluen. There were only four Braidwood men, how ever, the dangerous bushfire there detaining the rest of the men at home. The majority of these troops were abso lutely new to the drill, and the performances are therefore all the more praiseworthy. The site on which the major part of the drill took place is a lovely little piece of ground, which permitted every movement to be closely followed. Tradition states that it was on this very spot, close to Lake George's shores, that a fearful tribal war was ended some 61 years ago. The "boys of the myrtle green " were all well horsed, and looked a capable lot of men. The troop officers consist of Lieuts J. B. N. Osborne (Bungendore), G. Ryrie and W. Ryrie (Micalago), Wills Owen, M Keller (Braid wood), Dowling, Clarke and Wray. Regi mental Sergeant Duncan and Regimental Quarter-Sergeant Dowson were also in force. Colonel Mackay was in charge of the camp, and Adjutant Thompson rendered him great assistance. There were nearly 140 men on the ground in all, including the Goulburn First Australian Horse Band, under Band master Wilkie. One of the features of the camp is the army hospital, under Surgeon Lieutenant Read, with Major Bond as Warrant Officer, and Private Parker, of the Army Medical Corps. We were shown over the hospital by Major Bond, and could not but admire the excel lent orderliness of everything. The medi cine chest contained a small chemist shop, and and is packed in a wonderfully designed style. As samples of how condensing in tone in this branch of war we have only to mention that the writing ink is carried about in balls (or pills) which, when dis solved in water hecome a fine writing fluid. In the same way many of the drugs are compressed. The candle-stick, for instance becomes a box into which the candle, by means of a hinge, is stowed away for safe keeping when out. This department was brought into use once, unfortunately, during the camp. On Thursday, after drill, as one of the men was riding his horse bareback to water it became spirited and got beyond the control of its rider. The horse rushed on and, coming to a small creek, seemed likely to meet with grief. The animal did the best he could for himself, but in rushing over one of the wire fences, dislodged his rider. When picked up the man was found to be Trooper Lynch, of the Goulburn detachment. The medical staff found that a serious dislocation of the shoulder had taken place. They did what they could for him. Troopers Perryman and Parker had a pleasant experience, by which they became possessed of a, memento of the Currandooley Camp. They were out for a swim in the creek running into Lake George, when they discovered a swan. One of them chased it across the creek, and the other wounded it with a stone, when its capture speedily fol Iowed. On Friday some sorrow was caused by the sudden illness that seized the Hon. A Ryrie, M L C, of Micalago. Dr Read was soon called, but owing to absence of instru ments, Dr Richard on was wired for on Sunday. The hon. gentleman intended to stop at Queanbeyan on Sunday, for further medical assistance, but there was great trouble to get the officials to allow the train to stop at Queanbeyan to permit the sufferer to step out. This was fortunately achieved by Pay master Thompson, who happened to be at Bungendore. Saturday was the big day of the camp. It was said that sports, bicycle races, &c.; would take place, but such was not the case. There must have been fully 500 visitors at the camp at 3 o'clock on Saturday. The special train from Queanbeyan was crowded with two passengers. Landed owners from all over the district were present. Mr. E W. O'Sullivan, M.L.A., was aIso present. The programme for the day was the inspec tion by Colonel M'Kenzie, Acting Adjutant General. The work of the morning was commenced by orders as under. The G 0 C. wrote to the O C. :- "Currandooley. FoI low up the enemy and drive him east of Lake Bathurst. As the enemy will probably be entrenched do not attempt shock tactics until you have broken down his fire, when you will endreavour to crush him ere he can gain Goulburn." This was followed out. In the afternoon the whole regiment formed up at the camp, marched to the parade ground under Colonel Mackay, in column, headed by the band. 'There they formed into, line and received the Inspecting Officer. They indulged in a march past in single- file, and then in sections. Then the squadrons cantered past, and then went past it a gallop. It sounded funny to hear one The officers yell our "Let her go!" After this there was troop drill and squad- ron drill, with firing exercise dismounted. Then there was an imitation of an attack on an imaginary artillery. The day's parade ended by a brilliant and attractive charge with the swords flashing in the hot sun like meteors on a stormy night. Colonel McKenzie expressed himself as being highily pleased with the regiment, which deserved great credit for the way they went through the manoeuvres. It was all the more creditable when considering the short time the regiment had been formed Saturday's proceedings wound up very enjoyably. The men had a great time at the " camp fire," when capital songs, recitations, etc.. were given, to say nothing of the band's selections. The officers were invited to a grand dinner at Currandooley, which was a highly gorgeous function. It was a most brilliant success. The band playerd selections from the lawn while the banquet proceeded, without for- mality. Everything was most fashionably laid, and the wants of the visitors were attended to by Japanese waiters. Among the visitors, besides the relatives and officers, were Mr, Mrs and Miss Wills-Allen, the Misses Madden (daughters of the chief justice of Victoria), -Miss Knox, Miss Farren, and thee Misses Crace, of Gungahleen. On Sunday religious services were held and attended by the troops and civilians. Mr. and Mrs Osborne and their Currandooley guests were present. The troops were formed up into line, and after a bief march were divided, some attended the open air service, held by the Rev. J. Scott, and the others were present in the tent where the Rev. Father Grace conducted his service. At 2 p.m. on Sunday the struck tents. The Braidwood and Araluen men went away on Sunday morning and the Bredbo and Michelago we returned home by special train leaving Bungendore at five o'clock The Goulburn men left by train on manday. The camp was a decided success. All the men spoken to spoke in words of praise of the manner in which they had been cared for. The generosity of Mr P. H. Osborne in providing rations and f'orage, and in fact for arranging the whole camp, was the theme of all. The officers were provided with tables under the trees for their meals, and were well looked after. 