TOO N ABBIE. (FRO.M OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) December 28. A farewell social was tendered to Miss Ethel Humphrey, in the Me chanics' Hall on Friday last, and included many trom the adjoining towns. Dancing was kept up till the small hours of the morning, all present thoroughly enjoying themselves. .ir F. Kennedy acted as M.C. in his usual style, and first class music was provided by the Crowe family. Friday was also a day to be remem bored by the school children, when the annual distribution of prizes took place. Mr W. H. Goodwin, J.P., handed them to the many recipients, at the same time making suitable remarks as occa sion required. Miss Ethel Humphrey, the sewing mistress, was also presented with a nice silver cake dish by the school children, and a silver teapot by a number of old school mates and others prior to her departure. I may say it is more than 30 years since a fire of such dimensions as that of Saturday last occurred in this part of the country, and it shows the need of all the graziers joining a Bushfire Brigade, so that an organised method could be adopted to fight the fires, and not go at it in the haphazard way as at present. Spades well sharpened to chip around dry trees should be kept at various centres ; good axes and saws and water barrels. One set of men should clear the timber off, another lot chip around trees, and others as beaters should follow up, and each be under a person to be selected at a meeting. Many large fires would then he stopped at an early stage. I would also point out that a great mistake is made in fightiag bhe fires in an open paddock, and being eventually driven back by the flames The better way is to divide forces; some keep down the sides and try and lead the fire to a point, and others go ahead and start from a road and burn back to meet the other. A little fund could be provided to recom pense the owner of the padd ick for his loss-of grass,. I am confident, from experience since the days of the dig gings, that it would be a good thing for graziers to take the ma.ter in hand at an early date. Christmas, on account of the fires, was.very dull, many eating their dinner sitting in their paddocks. 