LOCAL GOVERNMENT. A QUESTION which musb soon seriously .engagethe attention of our Parliament is that of a comprehensive system of local government. For many years the matter has been referred to by successive Governments !as one of immense im portance, but somehow or other we are no better off in this respect) than when the question was first raised. Many of our legislators naturally do nob relish, the idea of introducing a system under ^yhich their: importance in the eyes of their constituents would become con siderably diminished, ; and to this circumstance may doubtless he traced the obstruction which in various forms the local government niovemenb has repeatedly ' experienced. With the federation of the colonies accomplished, howeverj an end must be put to . the unsatisfactory state of things -which has bo long existed. We have heard f it urged'-' that the removal of the larger questions to the Federal Legislature will' give the provincial parliaments more time to attend to local matterp, and that therefore the extended system of local government which all admit to be necessary under existing conditions will nob be required. This condition need nob be taken seriously. Tho necessity which now exists for a scheme under ?which the country disbricls shall receive the attention which, has too long been withheld from1 'fcheni will continue to manifest] itself .until- the wan t 1 is supplied whether the colonies federate or remain isolated. -For under Federation tlie area of Now South .WuleB will not be reduced an .inch, and ib will then be just as Impossible for the roads and bridges and other mabters of local' importance in districts hundreds of mileB away from the seat of government to bo attended to in the most advantageous manner in Sydney ss ib is at-presont. So far as the question of local government is concerned, this province is disgracefully behind the times aftd is put to shame by all the Other : Australian colonies. The total area ; of incorporated districts in N.S.W. is . pnly 2470 squaro miles, while the area still under control of the. Central Government is 308,221' miles, so that for every mile incorporated there are 100 miles unincorporated. In Victoria tlie arenoutsicle^ocal supervision is only 719 miles — les^/th'au 0110 third of the whole of tho municipal area of tho mother colony. Ours is a remarkable disproportion. Queensland is even more advanced in the direction indicated, for the unincoiporated lands of the northern province total only 23d square miles, whiles the whole of her icmuining enormous territory of GG8,2G2Rquaromilesis worked under an enlightened system of local government. In -New Zealand local governing bodies are established through out the whole colony. Even South Aus tralia, 'where there is still a greab area un incorporated, is immeasurably in advance of New South Wales, for, in the settled portions of tho province, local govern ment prevails, and the district councils have the control of such matters as public health, roads, dog registration, rabbit and thistle extermination, pound keepers, unleased Grown lands, drainage, lire brigades, weights and measures, slaughter-houses, sale of foods, drugs and poisons, cemeteries, bushfires act, width of tyres, lights on vehicles, game acts, lodging-houses, fisheries, brands, orna mental grounds and places of public amusement acb. It stands to reason that such matters as these can be better attended to by local authorities than by the State Legislature, and ib is much to bo desired that the worthy examplelongsince shown by the younger colonies may be followed by New South Wales without further unnecessary delay. 