Church and Organ. THE Rev. Arthur Gal ton, who 'verted from the Roman Catholic Church to the Anglicans, and who waB for some time an aide-de-camp to Lord Hampden in Sydney, has filled in his spare moments whilst preparing an elaborate history of New South'Wales with au interesting brochure, " The Message "and Position of the Cburch of England." Needless to say, new converts are ever the most zealous. CONSIDERABLE comment has been aroused in clerical circles by the proposed importation of ProfeBsor Martin, from Edinburgh, to fill tbe Toorak Presbyterian Church pulpit for six months. When the Rev. S. ChapmaD, of the Baptist Church, fell into ilihoalth, the Rev. Mr. HouldBworth was imported, and now that the former has passed away his successor is to come from acroBB the Beas. When Dr. Bevan went to America two Presbyterians, in Dr. Rentoul aud Professor Harper, were asked to fill bis Congregational pulpit, and so the list might be drawn out at pleasure. Surely there must be something rotten in th9 state of Denmark, or else Australian ministers are being unjustly deprived of the legitimate plums of their profession ? THB Rev. S. P. Carey, M, A.., who has been choBen to succeed the late Rev. S. Chapman at the Collins-street Baptist Church, is a great-grandson of the kirk. He is described as a fine preacher and an energetic pastoral worker. In appearance the new minister is said to be slightly below average height, but strongly built and with an impressive delivery. HA arrives in May next. FATHER LTJBY. through his successful lubrication of the finances at St. Ambrose's, Brunswick, is quite the man of the hour in the Catholic Church. He haB won the hearts of his people by a rare combination of the talents of the preacher with those of the business man, and, what is more important, the truly social priest of iuflaence in the family. He is fired with the same spirit as tbe lamented Father Aylward, whose monument is the towering St Mary's Church in West Melbourne, to be opened in two months' time. Thus, in three months Archbishop Carr will have opened the new Carlton church, St. Ambrose's, and St. Mary's, an unparalleled record, perhaps, for tnree large churches within a couple of miles. WHILE life voice oiii»e pulpttVeceives due notice, it may not bepmisa to r fffe a^lut cf some excellen Victorian pre\che» wteWiavfnf pulpit. Such a one is the Bev. E. Wr.-trS^llmg-aient for the Melbourne EvanseliBt UniOU, immensplf popular all over Victoria, frds/the,%?faera to GippBlaud, and from the Bogong f&Oha-rtS.; He has ithat dash of eccentricity which always charaotenses Jthe EucceBsful backwoods preacher. Another good man is the Rev. Christopher Mudd, who seconds the energeti", Hev. E. S. Bickford in the work of the Wesleyan Home Mission. Mr Mudd is not surpassed by many aB a naturalist, and this' tinges his preaching in a manner that is not only quaint but eminently instructive. The Wesleyans have a powerful evangelist in the Rev. D. O'Donnell. HIB field is the whole expanse of Australasia and New Zealand. Wherever he goes the track is fiery. THE opening of the new church of St. Mary, West Melbourne, is postponed until the 18th February. The hoardings have just been swept away, unveiling this edifice in all its noble, truly magnificent oroportions. No less a sum than £23,000 has been actually paid towards its costtwithinthe.eight years consumed in building, and the whole cost will be about £30 000. This maBsive church is a triumph of the Gothic style, its peaky elements a perfect contrast to the squareness which characterises the Carlton Church of the Sacred Heart. The interior is of the same type as St Patrick's, with the pillars of brown polished stone 'instead of bluestone. St. Mary's towers up like the Medic. A TotrNG curate, preaching his first sermon in a uburban church the other day, perorated thusly:— Tbe Hand that made the mighty planets made the little grains of aand; the Hand that made the mountain spurs made also the little mole; the Hand that made you, my brethren, made the blades of grass ; the Hand that made me made a daisy," He has been called " the Daisy " ever since. THK disgraceful occurrence in the Sale cemetery last week with Church of England and Roman Catholic ministers disputing over the gravei of a wornin makes one feel we are still in the Dark Ages. Even during the next century it iB probable that ticketing off the dead in separate religious compartments of a necropolis will be looked back to ae a barbarism. ON Sunday the Scottish Regiment had a church parade at Fern Tree Gully, with a good many other visitors from Melbourne. Rev. Marriott Watson preached in the Church of England. It was truly romantio to see tbe troops marching, Scotchmen and Rangers, headed by the military band, with echoes from the woody mountains. There is a mistaken impression that the beauties of Fern Tree Gully have been destroyed. On the contrary, they are perhaps greater than ever. Tbe bushfires destroyed the Dandenong forest with its stringy bark monarchs, but opened up a grandeur of view not obtainable before. Last iSnnday it was truly superb right to the ocean. Tbe vistas to the other points of the horizon are magnificent too. There is much settlement going on. In time those DandenoDg summits will be crowned with fashionable mansions. ^ DB. BEVAN draws attention by a course of Adven sermons which he is preaching on Sunday evenings He composed them during the quietude of his voyage over the Pacific, just as Mr. J.C. Williamson composed the great part of John Stofel in " Struck Oil," with which he first captivated Melbourne. Dr. Bevan u a busy bee back from gathering a big store of theological honey in the American conference. The opponents to his going, and there were just one or two in the cburch committee, are silenced. OUR critic had the privilege of dropping in, on Wednesday evening, at the rehearsal) of Mr. De Chaneet s original mass, with whisb the New St. Mary's Church, West Melbourne, is to open. How lovely the church iB when lighted up, and the yellow windows furniBhthe vicinage with a novel ppectacle. The appearance is of glorified barley-Bugar, the light brown stone set off by its white facings. Mr. Ds Chaneet, the choir conductor, has an opportuuity unparalleled in Melbourne, and riBes to the occasion with the fruit of his studieB of tbe mighty masters in music IN the course of a delightfully interesting lecture given by the Venerable Archdeacon Armstrong last Wednesday ovnning at Trinity Hall, lv«w, on "Life in Gippsland," illustrated with eomi sixty magnificent limelight views, th" Irc- urer lol i some vetv Hmusing storinx of the varnu» n« rn*nc«-s <>f ih" cl«ri{y, who have many gr^t d fliculri<-8 to cout-n-1 ngntiist in p rformiug the auii--s of thrir sucrrd calliiig in tbe deinaly - wooded portions of hi* archdeacinary. On one occision u clergyman, having ridden nearly sixty miles to conduct a et-rvico at one of his own outposts, WBB somewhat dishearteued at finding his congregation consisted of only ue man, but, recalling the text, "Wh re two or three »re gathered together, etc," he suggested to the man who had so courageously fsc«d the bad weather and worse roads that they should have a short service together. "Oh, dear, no; nothing of the sort. I diJ not come to church at all. I only came to see if you would turn up." 