DE STRUCTIJV BUSH i'FiRE '.. On Friday lst a bushfire occurred in Long and Spring Flats about 3 miles from the town. I': started in Mr Hanson's paddock, and swept through two more paddocks, also through one rented by Mr .T. J. Farley from Mr J. Ryan. It. then went through two of Mr F. Stephens's paddocks rented by Mr Bonney, right through to tht Bayn ton road in a few minutes, and into Mr C. Etheredge's property. By night the fire wa' got pretty well under, Unfortunately it broke out again about 2 o'clock next day, when a strong north wind was blowing. The wind changed to the south soon after the fire broke out. It then travelled with amazing rapidity through the properties of Mr C. Etheredge, who had two paddocks burnt, Mr Joseph Hall's paddock, and on to Mr John Ellis's property. Great difficully was experienced in saving Mr Ellis's dwelling and out buildings, and if it had nor, been for the croý.d of helpers, tlise -would not have been saved. To save his hay lhe ha to cart it away. The -fire burnt through the paddocks of Mr IHI. lanson, where it was temponrarily checked, and also in Mr Ellis's. It thin travelled in an easterly direction, into the properties of Messrs 11. Barry, C. Etberedge, O. Ellis, J. Ryan to Evars'. During the progress of the fire a valuable lot of firewood was burnt. In some instances great difficulty was experienced in rescuing sheep from the fire. Had it not been for the change of wind between 3 and 4 o'clock on Saturday, the fire would have swept through Dairy Flat. Altogether between 70) and 800 acres of grass were destroyed, and about 4 miles of fencing. Tlis is the second fire that has occurred in the neighborhood this summer, the first starting on the Saturday pre vious beyond the old Antimony, particulhrs of which w :re given in our last issue. It is not known bow these fires occurred. Fires have been frequently known to have beecr caused iby matches being crelsslv dropped and afterwards ignited by being trodden on by stock. It takes very little to ect a match going when the sun heat is excessive. The use of paper wads i y boys out shooting is also a source of danger. In what evr way they occur they occasion serious loss by the dlestruction of va!uable grass, which can ill be spate/i, and the burning of fences. On Friday last a tire sturte! in Mr Roberts's paddock, Tooborac, but was got under after 8 acres of grase had been burnt, On the same day a bush fire was reported to be burn ing at Baynton. Accounts are given in the papers of destructive bush fires in other parts including Axedale, Kilmore, Euroa and many other places. 