OUR COUNTRY S^CVICR. (Pkoíi Our Coiírespojtdents.) A COSTLY SHAKE. Baliar.it, .1st March. VVhen Sampson, the stroirg-ra.in, was, ifi Bal- * larat, an advertising agent obtained the use of a picture block from liim and left it with; Edward Gazzard,. a local printer. Gazz'ird considered'that he lijul a. lien 'on the block and refused to return it- to Sampson, till, the latter took him by tjic shouldcrs;and shook him, when lie changed his mind.' A charge of assault - was the outcome against Sampson, and a fine of five guiñea?,with two guinea1; costs, was imposed in the-'casé ¿I the City Police Court to-day. .Stay of execution whs granted in order io ellp.tr of an appeal. ! CASTLEMAÍNE, 1st.March.; . A! very successful concert !was, given to-night, for {the-benefit- of-Miss ,-Maggie., Stirling, it being the last tima tire berftífieia'r'o will be heard prior to her departure for' Europe. The Orderly- room was well filled. Mias Stirling as usu.il sang magnificently, and waa eii'husiastic ally encored in every mim&cr.; The Castle mains Liedertafel sang several part soDgs. Mr." Palamountain (of Bendigo), accompanied by Mr. J. H. Bryan, sang several solos, a.id was enthusiastically received and encored. He also wa? very successful in IvisTluet with Miss i Stirling " A Night in Venice." Mr. Hasler j conducted, and Mr. Bryan and Mrs. Ramsay * accompanied throughout. 1 ; i ECHUCA; 1st March. In consequence of the business-people de clining to close'oil nest Eiglit Hours' Day, tlio i hospital fete committeo lias refused to .amálgam&to-; with the Eiglit: Hours'• body, but-iwill hold separate sports. ¡ ; ^ Eor the. month of 'February '.75"'points- ' raiii fell here. • * ' ' .' Tjhe ex-champion oarsman, Mr. E. Trickett, has! been presented by his'Moania friends' wittji a purse of sovereigns. -He lias gone to Sydji'tv ' . TENNYSON, 28 th Feb. A good rain set in on Saturday night, and continued till nearly midday on Sunday, in which time 80 points of rain fell. This will enable farmers to begin ploughing, and pre paring the fields for sowing. There is still a good supply of feed and water for stock, and stock generally are in good condition. This is a state of affairs that has not existed for some seasons. The harvest was a good one in this district, and the average yield of wheat was between three and four bags per acre. A bushfire broke out in Pannoomilloo last Wednesday, and burnt about 250 acres of grass and stubble, and about two miles of fencing, owned by Messrs. Pitts and M'Auliffe. 