THE WEEK, City and Suburban Brevities. Albert Murphy, butcher, aged 22, has been sen tenced to six months' hard labour for Btealing 20 fowls in Burt-street. Opposition to the Government reclamation worts to give a park at Bose Bay at acost of £7000 con tinues. It is urged that the destruction of this part of the beach will spoil the bay and that a much finer park, already well wooded, is available by resumption of part of the Cooper estate, on the flat and hillsides, which is about to be sold. . The new Star of Australia, of the Tyeer line, which arrived at Sydney last week, is said to have tne largest c aid -air machine ever put into a steamer, and whish discharges 240,000 cubic feet of icy air per hour to keep cold 100,0 JO carcases of Bheep. Mr. O'Sullivan says he has had much encourage ment by way of letters from public people in this ani other colonies on his statue suggestion for Syd ney Harbour, ' Australia Facing the Dawn.' He thinks it a matter for the Federal Parliament. A man imprisoned at Darlinghurst for failing to pay a maintenance order, has informed the magi strate that he prefers to go back there rather than back to his wife. . Great difficulty is being experienced with the steam trams in Sydney just now owing to congestion of traffic, and apparently loss of power through the wearing out of the engines, which the Commissioners are not renewing in the face of the change to elec tricity. Sarah White, a single woman, aged 23, has been found lying dead in an outhouse at Bedfern, with thn body of a newly -born babe beside her. Major W. M. Bayley has been promoted to be Lieutenant-Colonel while serving with our troops in South Africa. Since the 30th ult. the Railway Commissioners have been running the machinery at the Ultimo power house for periods of 18 to 20 hours at a time continuously, so as to test its smooth working before commencing traffic on the George-Btreet tramway. In the action for £3000 damages, Caulfield against Jobn Norton, on account of an alleged libel in ??Truth' respecting plaintiff's ' drink cure,' the jury, after two hour? absence, bought in a verdict of id damages. Judgment as to costs was reserved. Mr. Wise was for plaintiff, and Mr. G. M. L. lanes for defendant. The case lasted many days before Jndge Cohen. William Hamilton and William Jones nave been sentenced to six months' and three months' imprison ment reepecaveiy ior jjuumu. piu&uig; uu uw ounuu o Point ferry. They wexe seen travelling to and fro and pushing among passengesr coming ashore, while they ttied to pick ladies' pockets. Thirty nine owners of unregistered dogs were fined 10s each and 4b lOd costs at the Paddington Police Court on one day of last week. A deputation has asked tho Minister for Works to construct a 'marine parade*' along Lady BobuiBon's Beach, from Cook's River to Sandringham aud San Souci, connecting with a punt at George's Elver. Mr. O'Sullivan can't see his way to promising half a million for this just now, but thought it a national work which should be considered in the future. Mr. O'Sullivan has promised to place before the Cabinet the extension of the electric tramway to the Spit, between Mosman's and Manly, with which extension he is in sympathy. . The Y.M.C. A. of New-South Wales has presented Sir James Fairfax with an illuminated addresB, thanking him for his numerous gifts, and wishing that he ani Lady Fairfax may have a pleasant passage and a speedy return on their visit to England on which they departed on Saturday. The deputation reminded Sir James that his father was their first president, and that he himself had been associated with the institution for 25 years and its ?president since 1896. The National Council of Women held its half yearly meeting in the Town Hall last week. The annual commemoration of St. Andrew's College was held last week. The College has 27 resident and one non-resident Btudent. divided thus :— Arts 11, medicine 11, engineering a, law 1, divinity 2. The Attorney- General has decided that no brief on behalf of the Crown shall in future be offered to any barrister who is a member of Parliament. As no courts witl be held in the northern districts for the next two months the Attorney- General con siders there is no urgency in the matter of filling the District Court Judgeship rendered vacant bf the death of Judge Coffey. While sitting in the smoking-room at TattersaU's Hotel on an afternoon of last week, Richard, Griffiths, 55, accountant, of Macquarie -street South, shot himself in the left breast with a revolver. The revenue for the colony for November last was £8175 over that for November '98, in spite of a decrease of £5717 in revenue from customs. The Coghlan-Martin Ministerial inquiry into tha Statisticsan's Department concluded last week. Daniel Munro, who came from Bathurat for treat* ment for consumption, and was despondent, was found dead in one of the University lakes. The German cruiser Moewe has been thoroughly overhauled in dock. The intense heat on the 1st instant was accompanied by several bushfireB in the eastern harbour suburbs. The New South Wales gold yield for November was 40.l83oz. and for the II months 448,659 or 162,730 in excess of the yield for the corresponding period of '98, , The temperature was 102* in the shade at Sydney on the iBt, and the' true shade at the Observatory is about the coolest place in the city, asthether-. inometer is ' in a creeper-covered summer bouse. A : nor*-wester of- 30 -miles an hour -was ona'of the* features of the day. . Between 11 -and 11.15 a.m. on Saturday the sum ' of £120, the property of Mr. Alexander Stewart, the contractor forthe erection of the new Tivoli Theatre, was taken from hiB office on the sjte of the work. The sum of £15 wasin a canvas bag, and the re mainder in addressed envelopes for distribution as wages to the workmen. A meeting of northern suburbs residents beld at North Sydney has declared on the motion of the Hon. Alex. Kethel, seconded by Dr. John Hay, the necessity for r bridge over the harbour. The Bev. John Macaulay, of Waverley Presby terian Church, has rbturned after nine months' absence in Europe. Alderman G. B. M'Kay, of Camperdown, has been fined 5s for smoking in the Botanic Gardens and refusing to stop on being asked to do so. The Public Service Asiociation has objected to the Public Service Act Amendmont Bffl pf the Govern ment exempting Under- Secretaries from the juris diction of the Public Service Board. It is expected that the Public Service AsBociahon will I havJTa membership of 400 at the end of tha ^Cardinal Moranlaid the foundation stone of ex tensive additions to St. Peter's Church, Hunter's Hill, dedicated to the blessed Peter Chanel, a Pacific Island martyr missionary. The George-Btreet tramline was to have been opened on Monday, but trial runs by the Eailn-ay Commissioners on Saturday developed defects which necessitated further delay. . . The steamer Ooolgardie, coming from Melbourne to Sydney on Sunday, was covered with fine choco late-coloured dnst, which continued falling for some time, though the wind was from the sea. ; . ? A 36in. main intended to improve the nigher levels water supply to Balmain, burst on Saturday morn ing, and large quantities of water escaped before re pairs were effected. ,.'.',, f v Frederick Lester hung himself with his braces from the electric light bracket in his cell at Darlin£ hurst on Sunday morning. This is the third suiciae in the gaol within a few months. In Sydney on Saturday the shade records rose 18 degrees in half an hour, about 6 p.m., and just be fore 2 a.m. dropped 20 degrees in 40 minutes ; 98 I, just after 6, was the highest shide record of the day. 