KILMORE SB'IRE COUNCIL. Portion of the report of the above' meeting, held: on 8th instant, appeared in our last issue. The following business was transacted after we went to press : Present : Cr O'Donoghue (Chairman), M'Kenzie, Carty, ?iolman. Butler; Hogan and Wortley. REPORTS The Engineer reported re visit to Minister of Publio Works to obtain assistance in repairing damage done to bridges and culverts by recent bush fires. He was authorised to get £150' worth of work done and the Minister would see about the balance. Plans had been forwarded and were not, yet returned.. The meeting would - have to be adjourned to take tenders. CikHogan.- moved that report be received.- The deputation did very well. Cr M'Kienzie seconded: the motion, which was carried. The Poundkeeper's report was received:. The rati-collecor reported L5: 12s 9d received. Received The Treasurer repored a debit balance of L1683 15s 9d,.-Received. The inspector of nuisances reported 12 head of cattle impounded. Drew attention to state of drain from Mr Poultoh'sto Union:streert. Mistakes had occurred over pan service, but it was on a satis-. factory footing now. SSome discussion took place re Mr- Poulton's drain, a~id Cr , Hogan said the inspector should report on: other' places also; Rubbish was placed. near the Mill street bridge. :The report was received. The auditors' acconunt was left over untilfinance. would be dealt with. . r Hogan reported that the 'Prdsident, health bificer, arid be. isited -the dairy factory and con.. sualted. aigto improvements required-. They were agreeable to make a settling pit, but did not like to. spend muchmoney on. the place as. they might. be going.iidt of it.-Received. • -DoNIO PREVIOUSLY NOTICED. Cr- Holman moved that they impose, dues- or live-stock.- He thought it. would be- atfair income, to the, exchequer. The fact .of. the yar?.- being private was nothing. They could afford to make' their own yards. suitable- in case- thiy might be. required.. The Chairman 'suggested: that the notice: of motion-be, read.. Cr Holman read the notice: Cr Carty said: they ,should! do. up. their own yards first. Cr- Wortley.said the. revenue would not pay, Cr Hdlman--One shillingfor horses, 2d- for pigs,. etc., 6d'for-cattle-that would' make-a good deal. Cr Wbrtley--I heard it, was. a penny, a head all round. Cr iolman-That is not. so. Cr Hdgan. said these were private, yard' and: erected at some-cost. If they had decent yards. they could: have- charged. They - should not tax the auctioneers. Cr Holman--They: are- not taxed. It is. ther veridors. ' SCr Hogan, spoke of the. method of' collecting, market dues.' They took. it, from Mr Dunphy and, give--it to Mr Jackson,. but - he did not collect. nearly as much. He thought more- than. fruit. hawkers ahbuld. pay dues-there were hawkers of drapery,.etoc He could not support Cr Holman's. motion, as it.was not a fair- charge. Cr Holmaun-We have to make up revenue-and ' thisis anindirectn way. to-do.it.. The rate on.stock: is light.. The Chairman-We could not,. I think;, really: colleot the amount.. Cr Holman said there would: be no: expense in, collecting-the auctioneers-would do that.: The Chairman thought they would. have trouble: in making.them pay. Ctr Holman-A council: won. a case- where the: yards. were private ones. . Cr Wortley-Of.L course, we would- tax. outside " persons, but we-could not make- fish. of, one and, 1 flesh.of another.. Cr l'PKenzie said - it would injure-the town ifi . they imposed a tarx.. S Or.Wortley.- moved- that' the motion, stind' over until next meeting; seconded. by. Cr, Hogan,. and, carried. • Cr- Hogan. moved, that- valuation- be:adopted.;; seconded by Cr M'.Kenzie. Cr Holman- If no special: rate is struck, or revenue from. some. source- is- not. obtained,. what will wado ?" The Secretary-That will: come-on: with.the next. motion, as. to rate. The motion was:carried:. Theestiraate. of receipts and expenditure- was. g read, a shilling, rate making £929-44. 1The Seeretasy said- a. rate of, Is. 6d would clear. " them, doinguno work.. They had been-in a worse ' position before. Cr Hohnan---Y'obu had: a. bigger subsidy then.. Cr Hogan moved estilnate- of receipts and ex-. ," penditure be adopted;. seconded, by. Cr Wortley,, and carried. C•rHogan moved'tha~ a rate of: one- shilling in. the:pound be struck.. He- said they waiufld be: short with a shillihg rate,, but. good wark had been. ' done. They would' have to pull up now and do e no more work.. The rates,. subsidy and. licences; le would-wipe-out the debt-. "I Cr Wortley.seconded the motion.. I Cr- Holman-said-would they, shut up-shop. for, \- the-winter:. If they could find any other revenue She;would not like an, extra- rate,. o- Cr'Hogan.iaid& the :ratepayers, should; not' pay a. rate to.keep the unemployed, d Cr- Holman- thought' this, view narrow.. The more the district flourished, the more the Concilh flourished.. \- Cr Wortley said he was- against an- extra- rate,. but.how. would.they. tidae over. it.. If. any man, applied'- for work they agreed: to do it. They should do. without- extra work.. If: a- constituent asked him he would tell'him they had no- funds.. S:'Cr7M'Kenzie said:they. were-taxed enough. de Holman-There is- £300 to be paid.foz--work done also.. The Chairman said a. coople- of yearsa:go they were in about'the same-position. If they cotild not is pull- through-they could make- an. extra. rate after'. wards. SCr Hogan said:councillors wanted work andi yet they could not tell where: they could -get the to revenue. Be did not think, they should cryover what they .had, spent-they had; the- value of- the money. They were not in a very had oeitiuon. d Cr.Holman-You owe hundreds. - \- The Chairman=You owe about two thousand. Cr Hogan-I did: not know.we owedl. £300 cm contracts. - r,. 'CtlHblmaa said that during. the-O llies-Deakin r' qgimu they- spent money and left the place. in ars ' badstate. The unemployed cried out and the ,d, src eorshad to.do something for their poor,.and. -. they.hbqld do something for their poor. a Cr I.9gh- The succe?ors of Gillies damned the ot.I .-.B -And the present man.isits-alva- ,iI tion.°.-~ ei~~i -tiere was no way open but to.hve oan addihtip;al rate. He moved that an.extra.,rate rI of 6dbeatr - ' Cr Butler. We ci't get in is, let alone Is Gd.. There wcasnni econimer for Cr Bolmen's motionr. 1- Or-Bhiblman-- I .?m stisfied to be alone. It is.a d I matter ofeconvictiozt. witl j*e. e GCr ogsn's.motiotr war carried. It .-' The Chairman-If yon cat'.t pull through you.canm strike an extra rate. All works must be stopped. Or Holman--It. is.a hard:bip.to the district. a Cr Wortley-Is means no work for three years.. Cr, Hogan-Try and let the. gbire hall for- a ii time.- , \- Cr Uolman--Perhaps. we could. ge\up-a nigger. a .ininstrel show and;have Mr Hogan aslary ver. d (Grs HIogan and Butler here left.) " it Cr Wortley-Come- b~ck,. We are. nptgfinished e Cr Butler came back and took his seat. n Cr Holman moved that meeting stand adjourn~~d Still that day week until plans are received from tha. d Government for works to be.done-the meeting to, e be further adjourned by the secretary :ifnecessary ; i. seconded by Cr Butler, and carried. h The meeting then adjourned. S Tosmorrow (Friday) the H.A.C.B.i.Races.wilk be, held at Kilmore, and the meeting promises to be a s, verysu cessful one. \- Osborn and Hudson will hold a clearing-out-sale at Mrs Jessie M'Kenzie's, Bylands, on Wednesday. y next,- - \- The handsome property· " Carlsberg," :close- to, iu Kilmnooe, was pubmitted to: aucgtion in Melbourne. : :1-sti week. but was withdrawn as the reserve was, at not reached. And yet-we believe there were many? would-he buyers., 