REMINISCENCES Of the Early Settlement of the Maranoa District in the late Fifties and early Sixties. [Br M. A. McManus.] NO. II. We proceeded up the Yalebone till we arrived at Mt. Abundance deserted head station on the Muckadilla creek (or what remained of it), for a bushfire had burned the two huts and stock yards. We landed there on the 11th June 1858, after a journey of four months. We camped under a tent made of calico and the tar pauline from the drays, until a rude slab hut could be built. We immediately commenced to rebuild the hut that was partly burned down; also the stock yards and so forth. My mother was the first squatter's wife who ever came into the Maranoa district, and my brother and I were the first children. It was a rough life we had then. My mother was quite unused to it, and I was too young to be of much assistance to her. No household servants would venture out, no matter what inducement there was held out to them. We were obliged to perform our household duties as best we could. We lived in this great tent, cooking outside. All our cases and household effects were stowed away in the tent also, so there was not much room to spare. Here I made my first damper, which was by no means a success. The weather was bit terly cold. The water in the buckets was almost solid ice. We turned them out the shape of the buckets. A few days after our arrival seven of our men left, three remained. The news of murder of the Fraser family on the Comet frightened them, or they pretended to be frightened. The real cause was a rush to the Peak. Downs goldfields. Both events happened about that time. Be that as it may, they all cleared out one morning, leaving only three of their mates behind. These were William Coverly, Philip Mellows and another man Joe, whose surname I forget. We soon built a rough hut, rebuilt the stock yards, and were tolerably comfortable for a time. We had no trouble whatever with the blacks ; though they were troublesome at other stations, they never molested either ourselves or our property, although nearly 300 followed us up from Bamba and St. George's Bridge to Talavera. The reason of this was that my father treated them kindly but firmly. To every black man, woman, and child, he gave a new clay pipe and a fig of cheap tobacco. He never illtreated nor deceived them, nor did he allow any of his men to do so, or to have any intercourse with them what ever. He dismissed six men on one occa sion for not obeying his rule in this par ticular. No black of either sex was al lowed near our camp after sundown. The question has often been asked me " Were you not afraid of the blacks ?" I answer " Not a bit." " Were they hostile ?" " Not at all." Some of these blacks were real " Myalls" not speaking a word of English, but none attempted any out rage of any sort. At the same time we did not ignore the fact that they were savages, and we had arms always in readi ness in case an occasion required thejr use. The Native Police were patroling the district as well. We were visited by two companies of Native Police at this time. One under the Government officer, Mr. Robert Walker, with 8 troopers (I think). Another under Mr. Fredrick Walker, or as he was familiarly callad [sic] " Philibuster" Walker, because he went about on his own account with a band of six black troopers. He was the founder of the N.P., and was raised to the rank of commandant of the N.P. force. But, alas! he could not resist the failing of intemperance, consequently he was requested to resign. He still patrolled this and other districts, chiefly in the Dawson. His home (I believe) was Mr. Andrew Scott's station, Hornet Bank. He was a fine specimen of a man. He stood 6ft. or nearly so, broad-chested and square shouldered. He was well educated and very practical. He continued his patrols till his death, also his railings against the Government for its ingratitude in not recognising his services. The first N.P. force was recruited by him from the native tribes on the Murray, N.S. W. But to return. Though the Native Police visited us they were never needed. In deed, they were never needed anywhere excepting a few isolated cases. There was and always has been more fuss made about hostile blacks than there was ever any real occasion for. And half the hostilities were caused by carelessness, too great familiarity or unmerited abuse and illtreatment. It being then to the interest of workmen to cry out " Wild blacks." They, thinking by so doing, they could prevent other men from com ing out, which would keep up the high rate of wages that were then being given, not seeing in their ignorance that it also kept squatters from coming out and open ing up the country, and by so doing em ploying more men and creating a demand for labor, thus causing new industries to spring up that would never have been the case if their absurd cry had been lis tened to, nor would Queensland be what she is to-day. We remained at Mount Abundance six or eight weeks, when my father decided to form the head station where it now stands. This was desirable for many reasons, though not so cpnvenient in other respeote. One was to be nearer to Wallumbilla, which was 50 miles from us on the east side, and Surat was 50 miles on the south-(thla nearest habita tions). Thus in removing to -the Bunge worgorai creek we were only. 30i miles from Wallumbilla. ' That station at that tide was owned by Mr. Wm. F. Gordon. He called on us after we arrived at Bunge worgorai. This was his second visit. He came the first time when we were near the mountain almost as soon as we arrived there. Having selected the present site for the head station we proceeded to build our selves habitations. We lived six. months in two bark V shaped humpies. These were about 12 or 14 feet long and about 6 or 8 feet wide. All available space were tilled'with loadings, &c.;, leaving a narrow gangway down the centre. No cleaning could be done, and the plage was swarm ing with fleas that hadoome in out of the bush. Such a number I never saw befofe or since. It waB a perfect plaeue. It was Christmas time, and fearfully hot. It rained almost every day with heavy thunderstorms.. The creek was a banker for a week at a stretch, and . the ground so boggy that no horse or dray would fitand. The first timber that was ever cut off the big Lorand ridge opposite what iB" now Mount Abundance Lodge gate, and now known as Gibson's farm was cut for our house, a rough affair it was afterwards a kitchen.- That was the fisst house built on the creek, excepting one of Mr. M'Phereon's huta about a mile below the station, and which was burnt to the ground. In March} 18§9, the first whwt ©¥«r ; grown in the district was grown by my : father on that sand ridge. The first grape vines-were planted at the head station, also the firatUg, peach, and apricot treeH, and the first rose tree planted bloomed in the spring of 1859. The* first sheep to cross the Bungil and Bungeworgoria creeks were' my father's, likewise the first teams that grossed were his. I forget the name of the first carrier who crossed those creeks, but £ think it was one Florence O'Sulivan, brother to Pat G'Sulivan, once M.P. for Ipswich. This was before the separation of Queensland from New South Wales. We had rough times then too, my mother and I did all own work, assisted by the black gins. Our sewing was then all done by hand, there being no sewing machines as now. We were the most westerly residents then. Mount Abundance head station being out side of them all. . Geo. B. Secord, the well known contractor of Towanda. N.Y., says: "I have nsed! Chamberlain's Cough Remedy in my family for a long time and have found it superior to : any other. For sale by D. McNaughton and Co., Agents for JEtoma and District. I have been afflicted with rheumatism for fourteen years, and nothing seemed te give any relief. I was able to be aroand all the time, but constantly suffering. I had tried everything I could hear of, and at last was told to try Chamberlain's PaiD Balm, which I did, and was immediately relieved, and in a short time cored. I am happy to say that at has not since returned. — Josh. Edgab, ■Germantown.Cal. tforsaie.by D. McNaugh ton and Co., Agent for Roma'and District 