:'Shojrt,.: Sharp, Shiny. A hospital-patient in Victoria is miss ing. , . The'Assembly met at 2 o clock yester day. „ ■- The Christmas "Chronicle" still obtain able. - r : Fitzgerald's gigantic circus is close'at hind.. ; : ' . • : - Body has won the New. Zealand Wheel Eace. .; ■ The Presepio still draws good attend d&C6S;* The electric arc lamps may be used this I e%Anotlier fire took place, at Nathalia onl Monday.. . . . , ,, "The Advertiser" this mornmg consisted °^Mr.Clangs-ton was splendidly received.at | ■Victor Harbor. . A stationmastet in .Queensland has com mitted suicide. - .... . ' ' Victor Trumper made 10 more than the whole of our team. A long debate took place on the-Child ren's Protection Bill. A man was'drowned in Skeleton Creek, Victoria, oh Monday'. Another'class proposed for the School of-Mines and Industries. - . ■ • ■ The City Board of ^Health medical officer has b'een asked to resign. '■-The^ enlargement of the McLaren *"V ale School has been asked .for. The sale . of. the Collie Coal Proprietary Company his been completed.. A youth has been sent to gaol in Bal larat for.assaulting.his father., - . , - . Postal officials are to be classified be fore .Federation comes about. ' JMany of .the college boys pass on to the University.:after the 'holidays. ; - Penola has lost a valuable citizen by the. ■ death of Mr'. E. H. walston. - ■ The Christmas displays in the shops .are of a'high standard generally. ■ Dangerous,'bushfires, are .raging in the Eyrennes. Mountains, Victoria.' ... Fully'....a 'hundred . people left; Leigh's Creek yesterday for the south. . Four street . orderly bins are to be erected in .King William-street. Mr. and Mrs. :J. Colliver celebrated their, golden wedding on December 17. Two boys we're drowned on Monday in New South'Walqs whilst bathing. . The • statistics of West Australia are bright with the record of progress.' Phylloxera has been discovered in.a vine yard at Minfo, New South Wales. A large number of gay and festive school boysturneddoose/in the community. . The'tremendous-issue of the Christmas "Chronicle" has.rieariy been sold out. No; difficulty is anticipated in obtaining volunteers for the second contingent. Practically South Australia lias already lost, the-mateh-with New South Wales. \ Mf; E; Knowles; treasurer, of the sick poor fund, leaves shortly for Melbourne. It is 'likely' that the present municipal year will be a busy one for the City: Coun cil. - • ■ The adoption of The/ Federal tariff will make, a great'5 difference to the salt indus try: . ' ' '. A splendid colored picture is given away, with the "Ghrdiiicle", • ■ Christmas num ber.. -. . 1 ■' A sad drowning '[fatality occurred' at Tocuinwffil,:-New South Wales, on Mon day. ,. ' ..; /- ■ ' The City Council yyill lose heavilj' by the Government taking over the Glenelg rail way. :. , -V.; ' , The sick, poor fund has done much to alleviate suffering and" trouble in Ade laide. V' Councillor Vardon says Adelaide is the most shabbily-treated capital in . Aus tralia. Miners in-the;Leigh's Creek district have left for the south with about. £2,000 to spend. • '. The shelling .of a cricket ground in Vic toria, was due, to-the blunders of some re cruits. . .'<• .; -During the "season 80,621 carcases, of lambs have been treated at the Produce i • Depot. . ... - Several letters-in to-day's paper object ing to the second contingent going to South Africa. The police Have hot yet traced the mur derer, of the man at Mudgee, in, New South Wales.' r .To-day the . contingent question" is en gaging;, the'.attention of politicians . and others. Darling tried eight bowlers yesterday, ' and Giffen was the only one to meet with success., . Although, the Christmas edition of the "Chronicle" was so large it has-nearly been sold out:" _ < , , ) For the first time in the history of the City.; Council the year closes without any arrears of ..rates; ' • ' Mr. Gb Brp'okmari is. going to provide the; City Council with 100 palms for the city plantations. ' , . Mr. J,. J. Ash wood's eharge> concerning . the state' of ■ the 'Semaphore rallsi has not been substantiated^-^" r ■ A; houseiin ^Victoria was destroyed by fire,-arid the: irimates-escaped without even saving .their; clothes.. . How iriuch of the paternal advice school boys receive on speech days is reinCmber ^ ed after the; vacation? • . The efforts being made in. South Aus tralia to. assist the Mansion House Fund are meeting .with, success. There are hut few colonists who were married in the colony and have lived to celebrate their golden wedding. • ' - - .The Premier promised that outlying places like Fowler's Bay would be enabled to- receive war news at special rates. The announcement that Mr, Kingston in pn'Hc nrl • T>orricj"l.oi-itrr. tends to stand for Legislative Council honors has r been received with enthusi asm.- . • A deputation, waited on the; Hindmarsh ■ , Council oh Monday evening»ana asked that '' the motion in favor - of aldermen should , be passed. • ' The Melbourne Municipal. Council .has decided to x>resent Lord Brassey with an address on the occasion of his departure from Victoria. . Owing to General Gatacre's recent re verse, the whole of the northern portion of Cape Colony bordering on the Orange Eiver is in a-state. of rebellion. . .The next .contingent to .South Africa, says; the'writer of a letter in "The Adven tiser" to-day,.; is to .be more human ma nure for those'accursed fields. Mr. Kingston . expressed the hope that the Government, would hring.in- a scheme for State funerals, and so abolish the ah most unbearable, cost which funerals now ■ entail. V. Mr., Hutchison carried a clause prevent ing children under 13 from being supplied • with cigars, cigarettes,, and tobacco unless with the written consent of their parents or guardians. , : Those Vho' desire to become possessed of the marvellous sixpenny worth of up-to date literature contained in the Christmas "Chronicle" will have to make early appli cation to prevent disappointment.. - Mary Lee want's to know what Charles Kirigsley; would say if he took up the \- papers now and read the heart-sickening, deadly details of -. Chamberlain & Co.'s fields of dirty, damning, greed—soaked through and through "with the rich young heart's blood of our bravest, &c.;, &e.; At the meeting of the Hindmarsh Council on Monday evening Mr. J. H. Jones said the main argument against the appoint ment of aldermen had beriri plural' voting, but - out ,of a total of 2,841 ratepaj-ers on the roll^only 72 were entitled to two.votes and five to three'votes, which was only 3 per Cent, of - the whole. 