VICTORIA. THE BURNINGS AT THE PLENTY.—INQUEST UPON A MOTHER AND FIVE CHILDREN BURNED TO DEATH. [From the Melbourne Morning Herald, Feb. 11.] We have already announced the death of a poor woman and her five little children, by last Thurs- day's bush conflagrations at the River Plenty, and we now proceed to furnish the fullest par- ticulars of a catastrophe so horrible, as gleaned from the testimony furnished at the coroner's in- quest upon the bodies, and the various enquiries instituted by our reporter. The deceased mother was a Mrs. M'Lelland, wife to Geo. M'Lelland, a thriving, industrious, and well-conducted settler, residing on the banks of the Diamond Creek, which is one of the tribu- taries of the Plenty. Their family consisted of five children, of ages varying from eight to one years. Their names were John, James, Joseph, Mary Anne, and William, and these with their mother were the victims of the terrible visitation. Their homestead was situated near what is termed the "Ranges," about fifteen miles from the Bridge Inn (Plenty), and some thirty-five miles from Melbourne. M'Lelland was what is termed well to do in the world, and had set himself down there with his little family, being then worth some £800, which he was applying to the best advantage until crushed by this awful calamity. The poor man himself is so dangerously ill from the injuries sustained, as to afford but faint hopes of his ultimate recovery. He is at present stay- ing at the Traveller's Rest, Collingwood, and was unable from weakness to give evidence at the inquest. Dr. Wilmot has visited him, and states that he is in an exceedingly low state, one of his arms being reduced almost to a cinder from the action of the fire whilst he was engaged in saving his own life, and attempting, but ineffectually, to preserve his eldest and most favoured child. Amongst all the circumstances elicited at the inquest, though there was quite sufficient to warrant the jury in arriving at the returned verdict, there certainly does appear to be a link in the sad chain wanted, viz , the circum- stances under which M'Lelland and his family first rushed from the hut. It is true that the shepherd, Miller, tells us what his master said to him, and we may naturally infer what is untold ; but beyond this hearsay evidence no person speaks positively as to the original communication of the fire with the hut. The only living person who could throw light upon this portion of the tragedy is M'Lelland himself, but owing to his present state, and the sufficiency of the other evidence to guide the jury in enquiring into the cause of the deaths, the Coroner did not conceive his exami- nation necessary. As far as we can gather, M'Lelland and his family were in their house, little thinking of the dreadful misfortune which was then rushing towards them with lightning force from the mountains. A few minutes before noon Mrs M'Lelland came to the door, and feel- ing the effects of the fiery winds which swept past, remarked "it was like the day of judge- ment," little thinking then that her own dooms- day had arrived. She re-entered the hut, and in a few minutes a noise as if of a peal of thunder was heard, and the place was enveloped in flames. The horror-stricken family rushed from the house, the father madly trying to save them. The creek almost surrounded the spot, and finding it im- possible to render any assistance to his wife and family, he at the hazard of his own life grasped the child " Johnny", eight years of age, who was his " pet'' of all the rest, ran with him a few yards in the direction of the creek, and the heat being too intense for the constitution of the child, when he found himself dying he called upon his father to "lay him down," and with the word expired in his father's arms. The father then, conscious that all his family were no more, succeeded with much difficulty in reaching the creek, but maimed in such a manner as to render his recovery almost hopeless. The mother and the other three child- ren, herself with an infant in her arms, not knowing whither to run, appear to have thrown themselves on their faces on the ground and thus died. DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRES. We continue from Saturday's Herald our sad chapter of accidents, occasioned by the burning winds of Thursday. A gentleman arrived over- land from the Grange states that some extensive fires had taken place there, involving no incon- siderable destruction of property. The residence of Chief Constable Bloomfield of that place had a narrow escape, and It was solely owing to Mr. Bloomfield's personal exertions that his home and personal property was saved. On Thursday, the mail driver from Geelong, after proceeding some miles on his overland route towards Melbourne, was compelled to put back, in apprehension of the approaching fires which menaced him from nearly all quarters. The neighbourhood of Ballan and several localities about Bacchus Marsh have not escaped, several huts have been burned down, and a number of sheep destroyed. We find the fol- lowing extract in the Geelong Advertiser of Friday last:—" Extensive Fires —Yesterday morning, a most extensive fire broke out in the Moorabool River, by which a number of small farmers have severely suffered on the western side of the river, whence the wind brought the fire down to M'Lean's paddock, which it destroyed, and thence to Mr. Wallace's, whose house, premises, and stack yards have been burned to the ground. Mr. Robinson's farm house, out-houses, agricul- tural implements and valuable produce, are utterly destroyed : he is a sufferer to the extent of £1,100 at least. Mr. Costigan has suffered severely and Mr. M'Carthy has been subjected to great loss. The fire, we are informed first pas- sed over the Barrabool Hills, destroying the stacks of the Messrs. Leigh, Mrs. Thomas, Mrs. Wilson, and others but we are not in possession of details. A gentleman just arrived states the country near the Leigh to be in a complete blaze, and rapidly approaching Captain Ormond's at the Leigh between whose house and of Mr. Russell's the fire was raging furiously yesterday. Captain Ormond had turned out all hands to assist in stopping the progress of the flames. At Mount Colac a fire was raging from the effects of which Mr. Goldsmith's barns and crop had suf- fered. The Boninyong forest is in a blaze, and the timber country in suffering severely. A settler of Wardy Yallock, we are informed, fired a part of his back run to drive the wild cattle down, so that he might yard them, and hence have arisen extensive conflagrations, which, how- ever, have been confined to the Ranges. The whole of the plains between the Hopkins and the Leigh have escaped ; and our Informant further adds that the country he has passed through is by no means in the condition that reports have reputed it to be ; he states that he has seen the water-holes much lower at this season of the year, than they are at present. An extensive confla- gration has swept over the greater part of Dande- nong, destroying everything in the shape of ver- dure, tillage, &c;, that came in its way. It is supposed to have commenced near South Yarra pound, and for 30 or 40 miles has left fearful traces of its journey. In Saturday's Herald we referred to the losses sustained by Dr. Bathe, of Western Port ; we have since learned that Mrs. Bathe, when the fire surrounded the place, rushed into the bush to effect her escape. Before doing so she had the presence of mind to undo the stable door and let loose two valuable horses. She failed, however, to fasten the door after her, and the consequence was that the animals, frightened by the surrounding flames, returned to the stable and there perished. Dr. Bathe has, it is said, lost over £300 in bank notes, no person having succeeded or even thought of removing them in the bustle. Mrs. Bathe was missing for some time, and fears were entertained for her safety. She was however subsequently found in the bush, without having sustained any injury beyond ex- cessive alarm. Fresh accounts arrive of the losses sustained towards Gipps Land, and many parties are mentioned as being very severe suffer- ers ; amongt those we have heard the names of Ardle, Cahill, Fehenry, Ryan, Henessey, and others. Mr. Walker's extensive paddocks at Dandenong, including several miles of fencing, have been completely burned down. Dr. Thom- son, of Geelong, informs us that there is not one house in ten left standing all along the Barrabool Hills, all the small farmers are burnt out of house and home, and ruined. In this locality and around Geelong alone the loss in hay is sup- posed to exceed 3,000 tons, and in wheat, 50,000 bushels. From the Werriby we have additional distressing accounts. After the fire had done its work of destruction at Messrs. Wilkinson and Blew's, it ran across to the station of Mr. Inglis, and destroyed two flocks of sheep (about 4,000) and scorched all the rest. The cattle and sheep left must starve for want of grass, which is of course all consumed. Mr. Inglis also lost his crops, wool shed, an estimates the destruction at £4,000. The men's clothing could not be saved, so rapid was the fire, and orders have arrived in town for a copious supply, which will be for- warded to-day. We regret to state that eight lives were lost in the conflagration in the Geelong district. Mrs Greene of Woodlands has had an out-building destroyed. On Friday, a Mr. Ro- binson located in tho Mount Macedon district, received the sad intelligence that his homestead was destroyed, and posted off immediately to learn the worst. Mr. Pyke of the Werriby, is said to have lost from 1,500 to 2,000 sheep. A gentleman who arrived in Western Port on Saturday, reports that the country in that quar- ter is completely panic stricken. That some score or more of comfortable settlers are reduced to a state of comparative beggary; that they were totally unaware of danger until the flames suddenly burst through the thicket upon them, when they had to run for their lives, and leave every article of property behind them. He states that he met with several dead kangaroos, and a variety of birds, some of which he believes were deprived of life through mere terror. He fears that much injury will result in the Gipps Land district, and on the road he heard of three or four extensive homesteads having been destroyed in that quarter. A man named Farney, for some time residing in Dandenong, is missing ; a hat and coat supposed to belong to him, have been picked up in the bush, and it is feared he has met with some sad mishap. As yet we have no sufficient accounts from the far interior as to whether the conflagration extended far upwards. It has been traced to the Goulburn, but we hear that the Murray has been recently visited with some copious falls of rain, in which event it is to be hoped the calamity that have desolated other quarters may be spared there-and in other remote districts. EXTENSIVE FIRES IN THE BUSH. Accounts came into town during yesterday from all quarters, of the dreadful ravages made by fires on the previous day. Messrs. William, son and Blow, of Portland Hills, have had their station completely destroyed, house, furniture, every stitch of clothing, except what was in actual use ; library, &c.;, &c.; The loss in large items alone is estimated at £850, and worse again they fear the loss of two flocks of sheep into the bargain. So complete has been the work of destruction that Mr. Blow has been compelled to come into town to purchase clothes for himself and slops for the men. At Mr. Powlett's Police Station his tent and fences, and crops, have all been burnt ; fortunately the house has been saved. In the Western Port Ranges a very large fire was observable from Melbourne, so that we expect dismal news from that quarter. From what we can learn by our repeated enqui- ries in the course of yesterday, there is but two much reason to apprehend the most disastrous consequences both in loss of property and life. All along the River Plenty, for twelve miles, is one blackened scene of desolation, and every family in the dreary route is now either utterly beggared, or seriously injured. In another col- umn will be found recorded the suffocation of Mrs. M'Lean and her five children. One man on the Plenty has lost several thousand bushels of wheat, whilst in another instance over one thousand pounds worth of corn has been des- troyed upon the property of an enterprising farmer. Mr. John Harlin has been all but burned out ; his fences are totally destroyed, and some four or five men in his employ only escaped by plunging into a water hole. The following is an extract from a settler residing in the Portland District:—The bush is on fire, in all directions; the creeks and water holes in this district were never known by white men to be so low. If this weather continues the stock will die off fast. Mr. Grey, late of the firm of Grey and Marr, had his homestead burned to the ground, along with 400 sheep. Mr. Neil Black has had 3,500 sheep des- troyed by fire, and now while I am writing, you cannot see 300 yards, so dense is the smoke. I am in constant dread of the destroying element reaching the houses. The station is literally surrounded in flames." The Belfast Gazette, received yesterday afternoon, contains the follow- ing announcement, which forebodes evil tidings, as soon as there should be sufficient time to com- municate the same. Bush fires—very great alarm was excited on Wednesday last by the immense surface of fire which came rolling down towards the farms around Belfast, and had not the wind providentially shifted, inevitable des- truction must have fallen upon every farmer within ten miles of the township. The fires blazed also along the Merri Creek, and committed some devastations in the vicinity of Warringal. A most deserving farmer, named Bourke at Campbellfield, had all his corn and a quantity of other property consumed, and is a serious looser. Mr. Brook, residing on the River Exe, is also, we are sorry to say, a sufferer. From Western Port there is a repetition of calamitous acoounts. At Capt. Baxter's station the distant fire was actually seen to approach on the previous day, and precautions were very wisely taken to prevent the flames from communicating with the fences, corn, &c.; The consequence is that Captain Baxter had a narrow escape. Dr. Bathe was not so fortunate, as his place, stables, and a valuable entire horse were reduced to ashes. The horse was secured in the stable at the time, and it appears in the hurry and bustle attending the misfortune no attention could be paid to the poor animal. In the vicinity of the La Trobe Inn (Gipps Land Road) much injury has been done. The Inn itself had a narrow escape, but all the landlord's (Mr. Bourke) pro- perty on his farm is destroyed. When the last accounts left the fires were raging fiercely, and were communicated originally from the scrub in the Gipps Land ranges, which, unless checked by yesterday's rain, still continue crackling and burning. Much property has been destroyed at the Springs, and the landlord of the Harvest Home is said to be a severe sufferer. About four miles beyond Dandenong a small settler named Meaney has had his hut completely burned down. The man and his wife were absent at the time, and judge of their surprise on returning upon beholding their habitation one heap of smouldering embers. Mr. John Mooney, the cattle dealer, was proceeding in the direction of the Loddon and suddenly found his progress to be completely barred by a chain of bush fires ; he very wisely abandoned his intention of proceed- ing further up the interior, and turned his horse townwards, where he arrived in safety. The fires, we are sorry to say, have made sad havoc amongst the produce of the hay harvest, and a competent judge declares that no less than one thousand pounds worth of hay has been destroyed within an area of a score miles around Melbourne. A shepherd arrived in town last night from the Wimmera, gives an appalling description of what he witnessed in the bush : he states that for the past six days fires were raging in many localities, the damage caused by which, he says, it is impos- sible to estimate. He passed on his way beyond Mount Macedon, a sort of a bush hawker, named Jennings, who had a new dray and a load of valuable property destroyed. The man was en- camped near a tree, a bush fire commenced while he was asleep, with the long grass abounding all round, and the man awoke just in time to save his life by flight. His team of bullocks hobbled close by have not been since heard of. From all we can learn Thursday's hot winds have spread like a Simoom over the whole face of the province, bearing destruction along with them. The ap- pearance of the fires was terrifically striking, and it is quite impossible to calculate the amount of mischief caused, especially as nothing like the sum total of the disasters can be as yet possibly known. In fact almost every person who arrived in Melbourne yesterday from the bush, was the bearer of sad news. It is fortunate that there were some fine showers of rain yesterday, which have, no doubt, tended to arrest the progress of the devouring element. Would that they had come but one day sooner, and if so many a tale of ruin might have remained untold, (Since the above was written, we have heard that the deso- lation along the Plenty exceeds all the bounds of belief; no less than nearly one hundred persons being thrown houseless and pennyless on the world. One farmer, P. Kenny, has had a com- fortable house, furniture, farming utensils, drays, &c;, reduced to ashes, Mr. Budd of Kinlochewe, has also been completely burned out ; and Mr. Bourke of Campbellfield has lost over £1,000 worth of corn, having been in the habit of culti- vating extensively. Messrs. Riddell and Hamil- ton are also said to bo sufferers, and Mr. Fisher, of the Barabool Hills, burnt out altogether.) THE RECENT BUSH CONFLAGRATIONS. We refer to the fourth page of this morning's Herald for the melancholy detail of the ravages spread by Thursday's fires all round Geelong, and that section of this district. We also regret being obliged to append the particulars of fresh casualties from other quarters, especially the Western Port District, relative to which every additional arrival in town brings intelligence of some new disaster. Hundreds of cattle are miss- ing, and no settler as yet can pronounce himself secure, owing to his inability to say whether he has lost and how much. Large numbers of hogs and pigs have been burned to atoms, and the de- struction of poultry has been immense. A man named William Burke was for some time missing, and was at length discovered in the bush in a most debilitated state, owing to the injuries which he had received. A Mr Hemy has had a large amount of property destroyed, including an extensive dairy, utensils, butter, &c.; Messrs. Gardiner, Trehan, and Bowman, are considerable losers : Trehan has lost all he had. A Mr. Max- well was completely burned out, and his little son would have died from exhaustion had not the father, at the risk of his life, supplied him with water in his hat, which was the means of preser- ving the child's life. The house of Mr. O'Shea is a heap of ashes but himself escaped uninjured. The school-house, with its master and 20 pupils, was preserved by the greatest exertion, the in- mates having had a very narrow escape. The Portland Herald gives the following account of the damage done in that district before the 3rd instant :-" Mr. Hector M'Donald, Smoky River, has got all his hay and oats burnt. His partner, Mr. M'Kenzie, of the Britannia Inn, Portland, has got his cottage, a first-rate cart, with a com- plete set of horse harness, burnt to ashes. Mr. Curtin, at the Water Holes, has lost all his wheat, oats, and hay, and a great part of his fencing by a bush fire. Mr. Montgomery, Mount Emu Creek, has had a flock of sheep completely de- stroyed by bush fire. Mr. Pearson has had his hay burnt, not one straw of which has been saved. Mr. Donald M'Kinnon, New Country, has got his wool-shed burned to the ground ; fortunately the wool was saved. A gentleman who reached Melbourne from the Pyrenees on Friday, states that the conflagration he witnessed exceeded all the powers of the imagination; for 50 miles of his route a chain of fires ran along each side of him, even to the very margin of the road he traversed, the scrub and grass were blazing. When the flames pounced upon a large tree impeding their career, it was enveloped in a moment, and explo- ded with a loud noise. On the whole, a more magnificent, though uncomfortable a ride, could hardly be imagined than that enjoyed by our cor- respondent. About 20 miles from town, to the Pyrenees, are traces of desolation. We are glad to hear that Mr. Pyke, of the Werribee, has not had any of his property destroyed, and the report on this subject has therefore been premature. The mail stables were burned to the ground, and the horses were with much difficulty saved. Mr. Blow's neat residence is a total wreck ; only one chimney now remains of what was a few days ago one of the neatest country residences in this pro- vince. The captain of the Statesman says, that although several miles off shore, and running under bare poles, owing to the fierceness of the blast, the heat on Thursday was such as he has never experienced in any other part of the world, and he has been to India, China, and other warm climates. He also describes tho air as filled with cinders and dust, which covered his deck and ren- dered his vessel anything but a desirable resi- dence. Advices received by yesterday's over- land mail, from Sydney, state that little or no damage has been done beyond Kilmore. We have perused a letter from Violet Town, Honey Suckle Creek, which, we regret to say, does not communicate such favorable news. The words of the writer are, "Bush fires are blazing all round us, but Violet Town is yet all right and safe." About Albury and other parts of the Murray some smart rains have lately fallen, thereby preventing, in some degree, the probabi- lity of any extensive conflagration. A gentleman just arrived from the former township informs us that within the past few days they had some ten or twelve hours rain there, a boon for which the settlers felt deeply grateful to providence. By last night's mail we are furnished with further particulars from the Portland Guardian ; " About 12 o'clock a bush fire in the vicinity of the town began to rage with the utmost fury. It sprang up near the race course, and through the violence of the hot wind, threatened to consume the booths, and to envelop the persons who had assembled there in the flames, before time could be afforded them to escape. By a slight change of wind, however, the racers escaped ; but the resistless element swept away ¡n its course the newly erected cottage of Mr. Howard, the col- lector of customs, leaving time only to hurry away Mrs. Howard and the family out of the house, before their residence became a perfect cinder. So sudden and rapid was the progress of the flames, that the fowls and goats about the pre- mises were all consumed. The fire swept along before the wind, carrying away the fences and all that stood in its way, for about a mile and a half, when Mr. Blair, with the body of the con- stabulary and others from the race course arrived in time to save his own hay stack and residence. The utmost concern was felt in town at the time at the approach of the fire from another quarter. Burnt particles were whirling down the streets and flying over the tops of the houses in profusion ; but a constable was not to be seen in town. Those of the inhabitants in their houses were making the best preparations which they could for themselves, respectively; water carts and all concentrated efforts were at a sad discount. Several gentlemen did their utmost to prepare against a highly pro- bable casualty, but the utmost which they could do was to warn others of the danger ; fortunately the wind moderated about two o'clock, and the apprehension passed away. While this fire was raging in the immediate vicinity of the town, Mount Clay, and the farms in that locality, were enveloped in vast blaze Mr. Millard has again been a heavy sufferer in this latter fire, and has now lost the whole of his crops; Messrs. Monogue, M'Lachlan, and Dick, have partaken with him in his misfortunes. The work of years hns been swept away from those industrious families and severe sufferers. Their fences, their crops, and their homes have been annihilated at a stroke. Just at the same hour the Bush Tavern, which has stood scatheless for many years in the midst of a dense forest, and proved so often a place of shelter to the forlorn traveller from the pitiless storm of winter and the scorching heat of summer, is now a heap of ashes. The fire, reached the buildings without warning, and the few articles which were saved from the wreck ignited afterwards with the excessive heat which the burning houses created. The bridge across the Fitzroy has shared a similar fate with the house ; a dray, and it is supposed, a horse, has met a similar calamity. At sea, the weather was even more fearful than on shore. Captain Reynolds reports that yesterday, when twenty miles from the Laurences, the heat was so in- tense that every soul on board was struck almost powerless. A sort of whirlwind, on the after- noon, struck the vessel, and carried the topsail, lowered down on the cap, clean out of the bolt rope, and had he not been prepared for the shock, the vessel, he has no doubt, would have been cap- sized. Flakes of fire were at the time flying thick all around the vessel from the shore in the direction of Portland. HORRIBLE SUFFOCATION OF A MOTHER AND FIVE CHILDREN. A most heart-rending piece of intelligence reached Melbourne yesterday (10th February), being no less than the suffocation of a Mrs. M'Lean and her five young children on the Plenty on the previous day. From what we gather of the truly lamentable circumstance, we understand that her husband (a farmer) a shepherd, herself, and family, were employed in or near their resi- dence, which is situated on the River Plenty, not far from the Bridge Inn, and all of a sudden the mighty volumes of flames caused by one huge raging bush fire, kindled by what might be termed the furnace winds of Thursday, made a blazing circle around the poor people's dwelling completely shutting out all hope of egress. In this state of things the unfortunate husband made many efforts to escape with his family, but all were in vain ; the fire came closer and closer, and so closely was he pressed that himself and the shepherd only saved their lives by jumping into a water-hole close by, and barely keeping their faces above water. The woman and the children, five in number, were not so fortunate, but were suffocated from the effects of the flames, which afterwards partially subsided ; and when M'Lean came from his place of refuge, he found before him six half- roasted corpses KILMORE. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT] It is seldom that we have to record such a wide- spread scene of desolation and disaster as this district and neighbourhood experienced on Thurs- day last; and which for a lengthened period seemed to threaten the whole town with one com- mon ruin. The bush fires which have been raging in the ranges around for the past weeks, were suf- ficiently alarming ; and by their occasional de- scent and the destruction attending, would it was thought instil caution into the most heedless ; but the lesson was disregarded, and with a reckless- ness almost without parallel, two of the farmers in the neighbourhood proceeded on Thursday to burn their stubble-utterly regardless of the least precaution to guard against the flames-re- gardless also of the high wind prevailing, and the dryness of everything around. The consequences are truly lamentable. Thirteen farmers have been totally deprived of all the fruits of their last year's labour ; and with one or two exceptions the same number are houseless and homeless in the world ; from 7000 to 800O bushels of wheat have been destroyed ; drays, ploughs, agricultural im- plements, and houses, are swallowed up by the devouring flame. The stations, huts, grain, and several stacks of hay, on the run of Messrs. Broadhurst and Tootal totally destroyed ; all the buildings at Mr. Budds' home station utterly con- sumed, and the fences and fields for many mile around destroyed. Such are some of the disasters of this eventful day ; and had it not been for energy shewn by the inhabitants, the town must have shared the same fate ; for the flames completely surrounded us the whole day, burning the very garden fences of the houses in the outskirts, and was not finally, subdued till Friday morning. I send you the above as an item of intelligence ; but I have another purpose in doing so, and that is, to ask if there is really no legislative enact- ment to prevent one or two fool-hardy men from thus destroying their neighbour's property, and exposing their lives to the most imminent danger ? If not, the sooner some such measure is passed the better ; for it is most lamentable to witness the woe and despair of those, who, after years of toil and self denial are now reduced to penury many merely saving the clothes they stood in, and all because two rash men choose to burn their stubble, without either ploughing around, or taking any other precautions. 