BUSH FIRES. [From the Melbourne Argus I Almost all experienced colonists agree m predicting very extensive and disastrous fires throughout the country districts daring the present summer ; and, lthoueh we have given frequent warnings upon the subject, we so tuny coincide wicn tnose wno sue cue probability of serious injury, that we wish to urge the subject in the most energetic manner upon the attention of all, that every possible precaution may be taken to avert the danger, if possible, or, at all events, to mitigate its effects. Amongst the mass of population which has poured into the colony during the last two years, there are tens of thousands who know very little of what a bush-^re in .Australia is ; or, how frightful a thing, under certain circumstances it may become. And as their comfort, their property, and even their lives are at stake, it will only be au act of kindness to apprise tnem or tne danger upon tne arms, ot wmen they may be slumbering. From the increaso to our numbers, and the thicker settlement of the duntry, there is more danger of serious accident than ever was the case before, aqd it is again increased by the fact of this, summer being a very dry one, and suc ceeding qne particularly pool and moist. The grass which grew freely and. thickly all through last sum mer will have become so dried, by the drought and heat of the present one, that the fires which will necessarily occur will be far fiercer than is ordinarily the case. And those who recolleat the terrors of the far-famed *' Black Thursday,' and the misery and ruin which resulted from it, will have no inclination to witness such another conflagration. Upon that frightful occasion the hot wind blew during the whole day with unexampled strength aud intensity. The temperature, even when actually felt, appeared absolutely incredible. It struok one, when exposed to it, that no natural atmosphere oould possibly be eo hot. But in fact the original heat of the wind, was greatly increased by passing over a vast extent of burning country ; and the air was in reality what it felt to be — a blast from a furnace. The whole country was overspread with a thick, lurid, mysterious smoke, which reached far out to sea, and in some localit es produced, even early in the afternoon, an almost total darkness. The light ashes from the burning forest were actually deposited on the decks of ve-sels hundreds of milas from land Millions of acres of the c mutry were swept by the fire during that dreadful day ; thousands of sheep, huddled together, were smothered and burnt as they stood ; crops, fences, paddocks, stacks, outbuildings, huts, and houses, for miles together, were involved in one common ruin; and many human beings were hemmed in and burnt to death. Scores of farmer* and othe;s were absolutely left penniless, without home 4, clothes, or food, and the whole colony teemed with particulars of most affecting disaster. ? It is to prevent a repetition of such sad scenes as these, thatVe now bring the matter prominently for ward. The casaalty- that has once happened has given us no immunity for the future. Precisely what took place on that awful day may take place again this week or next. All the necessary elements of disaster are ready at hand ; and probably in greater profusion than they were ever found in before. Tues day last would give out newly-arrived friends a specimen of the sort of weather which wa may occa sionally expect during the next two months; and upon any oue such day, the disasters of Black Thurs dav may be repeated. x Few pe -ple that have not had some actual experi enco in such matters cm thoroughly understand what the bush fire of Australia is, and how very greatly it differs in intensity under different circum stances. When the country is open, the grass a little green, and tlie air cal n, the bush-fire creeps along slowly and quietly, aud may be kept under readily enough, wlien advancing towards valuable property. But in thick, scrubs, or when the herbage is parched up, and the wind high and from the nor h, the fire spreads with fearful rapidity ; it runs along the ground, licking up the grass almost as if it were a train of gunpowder, and no earthly power can stay its progress. Under some circumstances it will be arrested by a cattle track of a few inches wiife. Under - -ther cirenmstances it will fly across a river. On Black Thursday it came down upon the wind a perfect wall of fire, blazing up to the tops of the^trees, scorching and suffocating the very birds themselves. Burning bark and flaming twigs blew on ahead ; and wherever they alighted, new centres of flames burst out on all sides. And so rapid was the march of this fearful foe; so vast the strides with which he marched upon his victim, that the precau tions ordinarily taken, even by the careful, were in most instances utterly useless. A few furrows turned up round a homestead, or a little ring of ground carefully burnt for a few feet in width, were passed over as if they were not there at all and the giant bounded upon his prey without deign-' ing to notice any such puny obstruction. The means to be taken to obviate all such disasters are well enough known. Ground once burnt during the summer can scarcely ever beburntover again during the same season. The main tiling is to take care that the charmed circle be made sufficiently wide; and that it be complete, so that the enemy cannot steal in at any weak points. All those who have stations, stockyards, or homesteads to protect, should see to this at once, and should take care that they individu ally are made secure, and are not in danger of being burnt out through the carelessness or ignorance of a neighbour. The burning should be done on a calm dav, when the hre can be kept under thorough control. If this be not taken care of, the very attempt to secure pro perty will, very probably, lead to its destruction ; and innocent neighbours may be involved in a seri ous loss arising from such negligence. All persous liable to any sudden m'sfortune of this sort are now, however, fairly warned. It rests with them to take all prop jr precautions, and to take them at once. And should they neglect the warning we have given, they will not deserve much sympathy, if they come before the public a week or two hence, with a tale of ruin and disaster, petitioning for that assistance which, if possessed of ordinary prudence, they would never have required. 