GEELONG. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT Monday. 5th February, 1855. Melancholy accounts continue to reach town of the ravaging of the bushfires during the week before last Mr. P.M. Arthur has had nearly the whole of his run burnt; and all the buildings at his homestead, except a new stone dwelling- house, have been consumed. Many of his neigh- bours ae also left without a blade of grass, while others have lost huts, hurdles, sheep and homes. The fire which destroyed Mr McArthurs pro- perty is said to have run in a direct line, varying in width from five to twenty miles, over nearly fifty miles of country. The Elizabeth, ship, 480 tons register bound for London, cleared the channel recently cut through the bar this morning. She has 2100 bales of wool on board besides a quantity of horns, bones, ac., and will probably sail on Wed- nesday morning She is the first largo square- rigged ship that has ever filled up for a British port in the inner harbour. Our old friend, Mr. Coppin makes his appear- ance here tonight and plays for six nights after- wards. Mr. Coppin's fame is quite sufficent to fill the house to the ceiling. GEELONG CIRCUIT COURT CRIMINAL SITTINGS Saturday 3rd February, 1855 (Before His Honor Mr. Justice Barry.) Robbery In an Inn John Williams pleaded not guilty to stealing one £20 note, and one £10 note, the property of a Mr. Sinclair, from his bedroom in the Black Bull Inn, on the 21st January The evidence was very con- clusive against the prisoner, and the jury found him guilty. His Honor sentenced him to three years' hard labor on the roads of the colony SENTENCES Jim McQuinney, sentenced on the previous day to five years' hard labor on the roads for the shooting at a man named Calvener, was brought up and had his punishment altered to three years' hard labor,-the Judge finding that by the colonial statute that was all he could suffer. William i Leclte, found guilty on Thursday of stealing an accordion, and recommended to mer- cy, sentenced to to two months' imprisonment Embezzlement George 'Hfton pleaded not guilty to a charge of the above nature There were two counts laid in the information, the first for removing certain pro- perty with a view to defeat an attachment Iron the Insolvent Court and the second for re- moving property with the view of defrauding his creditors The care rested entirely upon the witnesses for the Crown, whose testimony so far exonerated the prisoner from any criminal act, that after hearing the Judge's summing up the jury immediately returned a verdict of not guilty, and the prisoner was discharged Horse Stealing David Levisham pleaded not guilty to horse stealing under two counts, one for stealing, another for receiving. He was found guilty on the second count, and sentenced to four years hard labor on the roads The court then adjourned sine di 