TASMANIA. We have intelligence from Launceston to the 3rd inst., and from Hobart Town to the 1st inst. The approaching elections excite a great deal of interest. DOUGLAS RIVER COALS.-The Iris arrived in port last night with fifty or sixty tons of Douglas River coal, having left Bicheno on Sunday morning last. The steamer Mimosa, which started from Hobart Town late on Friday even- ing, had arrived, and landed a body of immi- grants for the mines, and left Wabbs's Harbor the same morning, after having coaled there. The Cecilia also arrived there on Saturday with immigrants for the company, and may shortly be expected with coal. The Jane and Ellen, which had taken up lime and other supplies for the company, and which is advertised to return with coal, was also at anchor there when the Iris and Mimosa started to return. The steamer pro- ceeded to call at Swansea and Spring Bay, and detentions at one or both of these places have, no doubt, enabled the schooner to reach port first.-Courier. MARRIAGE BY LICENSE.-The following case, which excited considerable merriment at the po- lice-court, gives a pretty good view of the opera- tion of convict regulations. A passholdcr woman named Sarah Todd, otherwise Lewis, was charged with absconding when on pass, from the service of Capt. Smith, Flinders' Island, to the Cascades Factory, and remaining illegally at large, until apprehended by D. C. Maginnis, on the 20th inst. It appeared in evidence, that, instead of proceeding to the Factory, the accused, a young woman of somewhat prepossessing appear ance, found her way to the neighborhood of High-street, where she attracted the attention of Mr. Francis Lewis, the blacksmith, and under- taker, of No. 4 in that street, and to whom she represented herself as a free immigrant. Mr. Lewis, being in want of a helpmate, negociated a partnership for life with Miss Lewis, and the result was a marriage by license at Trinity Church, the nuptial ceremony being performed by the Rev. Mr. Davenport on the 14th inst. Six days of the honeymoon passed away with all imaginable felicity, when a call from Mr. Magin- nis elicited the fact that Mrs. Lewis was a bolter, and that her wedding had been celebrated with- out the preliminary civility of asking Dr. Hamp- ton's leave. Much to the D. C's regret, duty compelled him to separate the happy pair, and Mrs. L. was escorted to the station. The charge of absconding was gone into before Messrs. Wilmot and Forster, the husband being in attendance. He stated to their Worships that he had been deceived; and the Police Magistrate said it was a pity he had been so taken in. Mr. Lewis said she made a very good wife, and begged leave to ask if the young woman had a will of her own when she was married, although an absconder ? (Laugh- ter.) That, he thought, was a question which ought to be settled. She was under no control, either of master or mistress, or otherwise. Mr. Wilmot conceived she had a will of her own, but said she ought not to have got married without the consent of the Government, and she was liable to be kept at the factory on probation eighteen months after her sentence, for abscond- ing, by the order of the Comptroller-General. The magistrates observed that regulations must he en- forced, and their sentence was twelve months' hard labor. Mr. Lewis asked if it was pos- sible to get the sentence knocked off. Mr. Wilmot said he could not recommend it ; he always well considered his sentences be- fore passing them. Mr. Lewis stated that he had been twenty-five years in the colony, and could get the most respectable character from influen- tial persons. He had a good home for a wife, and it was a pity to see a woman perhaps ruined for the sake of carrying out regulations. Was it not better that she should get married, than do something worse, and now she might be a useful member of society ? He should make an effort to procure the favorable consideration of the authorities. But Mr. Wilmot gave him no hope. The wife was then taken away in deep affliction.-Colonial Times. DELORAINE.-The harvest in this district has been very abundant, the weather being so suitable, it has raised the expectations of the farmer to an extraordinary degree, holding out fair prospects of their reaping a good return for their outlay. The potato crop has been sadly blighted ; there have been several severe frosts at night, which has | cut them all down in this neighborhood. In the early part of the season there was every prospect of an abundant crop. The bush fires have been very numerous and done great damage, and, in some instances, to the small farmer, who can hardly bear up with this misfortune. The general opinion of the origin of the fires is the carelessness of the laborers in smoking in the harvest field, and much blame is attached to the farmers in allow- ing such conduct. "Wages continue very high, thirty shillings per acre has been paid for reap- ing, with one or two bottles of wine. This sys- tem of giving the laborer wine is very pernicious, and not known in English farmery. The western country has a very sun-burnt look, and now the harvest is safe, a wholesome shower of rain would improve the feed and do a great deal of good. - Communicated to Courier. SUNDAY TRAFFIC AT LICENSED HOUSES.-The police were on the alert last Sunday, when about a score of publicans were found tripping. Infor- mations are to be filed without distinction against the offenders, some of whom are among those usually esteemed the more respectable inn- keepers.-Courier. LAUNCESTON RACES.-These races commenced yesterday on the same course as last year. The weather was fine. The Launceston St. Leger was won by Mr. Dodery's Reception ; the Town Plate by Mr. Lyall's Messenger ; the Maiden Plate by Mr. Pascoe's Currency Lass ; and the Maiden Galloway Stakes, by Mr. Mence's En- chantress.-L. Examiner. BUSH-FIRES.-The weather continues very sultry, and the bush fires are general. Yester- day the fire spread from the racecourse up to and around the distillery creek. - L. Examiner. A SINGULAR FACT.-The occasion of bush-fires has often struck the imagination of many persons, we have no doubt, as it has our own. Fires not unfrequently have occurred without the origin of them having at any time been known; the circum- stance we are about to narrate will explain, pro- bably, an occasional cause, that has not hitherto been suspected. A few days back, Mr. Stancombe (late of the Eagle's Return, on the Hobart Town- road) was employed harrowing a piece of stubble land, and, at the same time, being engaged in conversation with another person, was surprised to observe a piece of the stubble, over which the burrow had just passed, ignite and burst into a flame. Having immediately before passed over the ground, which did not show the smallest sign of fire, the astonishment of both persons was great ; and having beat out the fire, Mr. Stancombe examined the spot for the purpose of finding, if he could, any explainable cause. His surprise was not lessened, yet, with peculiar satisfaction to himself, he found a piece of a sharp flint-stone, against which the harrow tire had struck as it passed over, and occasioned the emission of a spark, sufficiently strong to ignite the dry stubble. There can be no question that the meeting of the flint and iron occasioned the fire. Flints are not, we believe, common to this side the island, if indeed in any part of it. The piece on Mr. Stancombe's land had been con- veyed there, and it is likely they may have been conveyed to other places, and that other fires may have originated by the shoes of horses or the tires of cart-wheels coming into contact with them. Flints have been discharged from vessels amongst their ballast in this port. Re flecting on the singularity of the cause of the fire on Mr. Stancombe's property, the idea occurred to our mind that the bottom of a glass bottle, or other pieces of glass, is sufficient with the powerful rays of the sun acting upon it, amongst dry grass or stubble, to occasion fire ; if so, as quantities of broken bottles lay about the bush, it is within the range of possibility that fires from this cause sometimes originate. It is very common in the West Indies for fires to originate from the fric- tion occasioned by long grass rubbing together in the high winds :-that grass is from four to six feet high, and resembling almost reeds in appearance. In this country we suspect the grass is neither tall enough nor of sufficient sub- stance to be ignitable from the effect of the wind. We may remark, in reference to the fire on Mr. Stancombe's land, that, trivial as its origin was, had he not been on the spot to have put it out, nothing could have prevented it from extending, or saved his stacks, homestead, and every other part of his farming property, from being destroyed. We recommend farmers to stoop and pick up, and throw aside out of the way of doing mischief any flint stones or concave glass they may kick against in their future rambles over their land. - Cornwall Chronicle. THE HEBREWS AND THE PATRIOTIC FUND.- Arrangements had been made by the principal members of the Hebrew race for a grand ball on the 5th March. It was intended to devote the surplus proceeds to those of the nation who might be in need of pecuniary assistance. It ap- pears, that there are none of this class in the island, and it has been determined to hand over the surplus to the Patriotic Fund. OUR LATE PUISNE JUDGE.-By a private let- ter received from England, we learn that Judge Montagu was in London, having left the Falk land Islands, where he might have been Governor but would not accept the appointment, the place being such a desolate, barren spot. He was expecting an appointment in the Australian colonies, and had hopes of getting his son in the navy. Mrs. Montagu had gone to New York. - H. T. Courier. 