BLACK THURSDAY. (From Household Words.) As the voyager approaches the shores of Victoria, the first welcome land which greets him in the bold promontory of Cape Ottway. If it be at night, the blaze from the lighthouse on its southern point sends him its cheering welcome for many a league across the ocean which he has so long traversed in expectation, and calls forth rapturous hurrahs from the throng who crowded to the forecastle. If it be day, the eye rests on its lofty forest hills with a quit and singular delight. These heights fully respond lo the ideal of n new land only recently peopled. Clothed with forests margin of the sea to their very summits, they realise vividly the approach to vast region of primaeval nature. The tall while stems of the gum trees stand thickly side by side like so many hoary columns: and here and there amongst them descend dark ravines; whole piles of rocks on the heights, alternating jagged chines and projecting spurs of the moun tains, present their solitary masses to the breeze of ocean. Amongst the rocks of this wild shore there are sea- calves of vast extent and solemn aspect, which have never yet been thoroughly explored. The forest, extending fifty miles or more in all directions is one of the most dense and savage in the whole colony. Until lately it was almost impassible from the density of the scrub, and the thick masses of vines (that is lians, or creeping cord like plants, chiefly parasitical) which, has in the forests of South America, climb from tree to tree, knitting the woods into an obscure and impenetable shade. Excepting along the track from Mr. Roadknight's station, near the source of the Barwar, through the heart of the forest to Apollo Bay, a distance of 40 miles, you might cut your way through with an axe, but would find it difficult to make progress otherwise. The. greater par of the promontory — con- sisiing of steep hills covered with gigantic trees intersected by shelving valleys and dark with congregated fern-trees, battling precipices, and stoney declivities — affords no food for cattle, in one day, however, known to the colonists as Black Thursday, a hurricane of flamee opened its rude and impracicable wild raesses to the foot of man; but present him at the same time, with a black and blasted chaos of charred red trees, and gigantic fallen trunks and branches. It was in this forest, in the early morning of this memorable day, the 6th of February, 1851, that a young man opened his eyes and sat up to look about him. He had, the day before, driven a herd of fifty bullocks from the station of Mr, Roadknight thus far on his way towards hi- own residence in the country, between Lake Corangani and Mount Gellibrand. He had reached at evening a small grassy valley in the outskirts of the forest, watered by a creek falling into the western Barwar, and had there paused for the night. His mob of cattle, tired and hungry were not inclined to stray from the rich pasturage before them; and hobbling out his splendid black horse Sorcerer, he prepared to pass the night in the simple fashion of the settler on such journeys. A fallen log supplied him with a convenient seat, a fire was quickly lit from the dead boughs which lay plentifully around, and his quart-pot, replenished at the creek, was soon hissing and bubbling with its side thrust into the glowing fire. He had a good store of kangaroo-sandwiches, and there he sat with his cup of strong bush- tea; looking alternately at the grazing cattle, and into the solemn, gloomy, and soundless wood in which even the laughing jackass failed to shout his clamorous adieu lo the falling day. Only the distant monotony of the morepork — the nocturnal cuckoo of the Australian wilds — reached his ear, making the profound solitude still more solitary. He very soon rolled himself in his travel ling rug, and flung himself down before the fire — having previously piled a fresh supply of timber upon it — near where, his trusty digs lay, and where Sorcerer, in the favorite fashion of the bush horse slept as he stood. The morning was hushed and breathless. Instead of that bracing chill with which the Australian lodger out of doors generally wakes up, Robert Patterson found the perspiration standing thick on his face, and he felt a strange longing for a deep breath of fresh air. But motion there was none, except in the little creek which trickled with a fresh and inviting aspect at a few yards from him. He arose, and stripping, plunged into the deepest spot of it that he could find; and thus refreshed, rekindled his fire, and made his solitary breakfast. But all around him hung, as it were, a leaden and death- like heaviness. Not a bough nor a blade of grass was moved by the air. The trees stood inanimately moody and sullen, He cast his eyes through the gloomy shadow beneath them, and a sultry suffocating density seemed to charge the atmosphere. The sky above him was dimmed by a grey haze. There is something in the wind to day, old fellow, he said, addressing his horse in his usual way ; for he had long looked on him as a companion, and firmly believed that he understood all that he said to him. There is something in the wind ; yet, where is the wind? The perspiration streamed from him with the mere exertion of saddling his horse, and as he mounted him to rouse up his cattle. Horse, dogs, and cattle manifested a listlessness that only an extraordinary condition in the atmosphere could produce. If you had seen the tall, handsome young man seated on his tall and noble horse, you would have felt that they were together formed for an exploit of strength and speed. But the whole troop—cattle, man, and horse, went slowly and soberly along as if they were oppressed by a great fatigue or the extreme exhaustion of famine. The forest closed in upon them again, and they proceeded along a narrow track, flanked on each side by tall; and densely growing trees; the creeping vines making the whole, forest one intricate, impene trable scene. All was hushed as at mid night. No bird enlivened the solitude by his cries, and they had left the little stream. Suddenly there came a puff of air; but it was like the air from the jaws of a furnace, hot, dry, withering, in its very touch. The young settler looked quickly in the direction from which it came, and instantly shouted to the cattle before him, in a wild, abrupt, startling shout, swung aloft the stock- whip which he held in his hand, and brought it down with the report of a pistol, and the sharp cut as with a knife, on the ear of the huge bullock just before him. The stock whip, with a handle about half a yard long and a thong of three yards long, of plaited bullock hide, is a terrible instrument in the hands of a practised stockman. Its sound is the note of terror to the caltle ; it is like the report of a blunderbuss, and the stockman at full gallop will hit any given spot on the beast that he is within reach of; and cut the piece clean away through the thickest hide that bull or bison ever wore. He will strike a fly on a spot of mud at full speed, and take away the skin with him, making the rosy blood spring into the wind, and the astonished animal dart forward as if mad. Louder and louder, wilder and more fiercely shouted the squatter, and dashed his horse forward over fallen trees; through crashing thickets, first on one side of the road, and then on the other. Crack, crack went the stinging, slashing, whip: loud was the bark of dogs and the mob of cattle rushed forwards at headlong speed. The young man gazed upward ; and, through the only narrow opening of the forest saw strange volumes of smoke rolling southward. Hotter, hotter, stronger and more steadily came the wind. He suddenly checked his horse, and listen ing, grew pale at the sound which reached him. It was a low deep roar, as of a wind in the tree- tops, or of a heavy water fall, distant, and smothered in some deep ravine. God have mercy!' he exclaimed. A bushfire and in this thick forest. Once more he sprang forward, shouting, thundering with his whip. He and the herd were galloping along the narrow wood track. And as he had turned westward in the direction of his home, the woods — of which he had before seen the boundary — now closed for some miles upon him: and is he could not turn right or left for the chaos of vines and (scrub that obstructed the forest, the idea of being overtaken there by the bush-fire was horrible. Such an event would he death, and death only. Therefore he urged on his flying herd with desperation. Crack upon crack from his long whip resounded through the hollow wood. The cattle themselves seemed to hear the ominous sound, and sniffed the now strongly perceptible smell of burning. The roar of the fire came louder, and ever and anon seemed lo swell and surge as if urged on by a rough rising blast. The heat was fierce and suffocating. The young squatter's clothes clung to him with streaming perspiration. The horse and cattle steamed and smoked with boiling heat. Yet onward, onward they dashed with lolling tongues. Sorcerer, specked with patches of foam on his dark shining body, seemed to grow furiously impatient of the obstruction offered by the bullocks in his path. As his master's whip exploded over their flanks, he laid back his ears ; and with flaming eyeballs, and bare teeth, strove to tear them in his rage. Robert Patterson knew that the extra ordinary feat and drought of the summer had scorched up the grass — the very ground ; had licked up the water from crab- hole, pool, and many a creek ; had withered the herbage into crisp hay, and so withered ihe foliage that you might crumble it between your fingers. The country seemed thoroughly prepared for a conflagration, and only required this fiery wind to send a blaze of extermination over the land. For weeks nay months the shepherds and sawyers had spoken of fires burning in the hills and in the fern tree breaks of this forest he had been recently told that flames had been observed in various directions burning redly by night. If the fire had reached him and his herd before they escaped into the open plains, they must be consumed like stubble. The cattle began to show.signs of exhaustion, hanging out their parched tongues, and pulling heavily ; the perspiration on himself and horse was dried up by the awful heat and the dogs ran silently, or only whining lowly lo themselves, as they hunted every hollow on their way for water. Suddenly they were out in an open plain, yet with the forest on either hand, but at a considerable distance. What a scene ! The wood were flaming and crackling in one illimitable conflagration. The wind, dashing from the north in gusts of inconceivable heat, seemed to sear the very face and shrivel up the lungs.. The fire leaped from tree to tree, flashing and roaring along with the speed of and the destsuctiveness of lightning. The sere foliage seemed to snatch the fire, and to perish in it in a riot of demoniacal revelry, On it flew, fast as the fleetest horse could gallop ; and consuming acres of leaves in a moment still remained to rage and roar amongst the branches and in the hollow stems of ancient trees. The whole wood on the left was an enormous region of intensest flame ; and that on the right sent forth the sounds of the same ravaging fires; but,, being to windward, the flames could not be seen for the vast clouds of smoke, mingled with fiery sparks, which rolled on the air. There was a sound as of thunder, mingled with the crash of falling trees and the wild cries of legions of birds of all kinds, which fell scorched and blackened and dead to the ground. Once out of this open plain the cattle were speedily lost in the blinding ocean of smoke and the young settler, obliged to abandon them, made a dash onward for his life. Now the flames came racing along the grass with the speed of the wind, and mowing all smooth as a pave ment; now it tore furiously through the forest and flung burning ashes and tangles of blazing bark upon the galloping rider. But Sorcerer, with an instinct more infallible than human capacity, sped on, over thicket, and stone and fallen tree, snorting in the thick masses of smoke, and stretching forward his gaping jaws as to catch every breath of air to sustain impeded respiration. When the wind veered, the reek driven backward, revealed a most amazing scene. The blazing skirts of the forests; huge isolated trees, glaring- red— standing columns of fire : here a vast troop of wild horses with flying manes and tails, rushing with thundering hoofs over the plain; there herds of cattle running with bloodshot eyes and hanging tongues they knew not whither, from the fires ; troops of kangaroos leaping frantically across the rider's path, their hair singed and giving out strongly the stench of fire ; bird of all kinds and colors shrieking piteously as they drove wildly by, and yet saw no spot of safety ; thousands of sheep standing huddled in terror on the scorched flats, with singed wool, deserted by their shepherd, who had fled for their lives. But onward flew the intrepid Sorcerer, onward stretched his rider, thinking lightning winged thoughts of home, and of his helpless, paralysed mother there. With a caution inspired by former out breaks of bush fires, he had made at some distance round his homestead a bare circle. He had felled the forest-trees, leaving only one here and there, at such instances that there was little fear of ignition. As the summer dried the grass, he had set fire to it on days when the wind was gentle enough to leave the flame at command ; watching, branch in hand, to beat out any blaze that might have travelled into the forest. By this means he had hitherto prevented the fire from reaching his homestead and he had strongly recommended the same plan to his neighbours, though generally with little effect. Now the fire was so terrible and sparks flew so wide on the wind, that he feared they might kindle the grass round his homestead, and that he might find everything and every person there consumed. But behold the gleaming, welcome water of Lake Colac, Sorcerer rushed headlong towards it; and wading hastily up to his sides in its cooling flood, thrust his head to the eyes into it and drank as if he could never be satisfied with less than the whole lake. Englishmen, new to the scene, would have trembled for the horse; but the bush seed knows best what he needs, eats and drinks as likes him best and flourishes on it. Smoking hot, the rider lets him drink his fill, and all goes well. This heat produces perspiration, and the evaporation cools and soothes him. Robert Patterson did not lose a moment in following Sorcerer's example. He flung himself headlong from the saddle, dressed as he was, dived, and splashed and drank exuberantly. He held again and again his smarting face and singed hands in the delicious water : then threw it over the steed, that now, satiated, stood ranting in the flood. He laved and rubbed down the grateful animal with wave after wave, cleaning the dried pers piration from every hair, giving him re freshment at every pore. Then up and away again. He had not ridden two hundred yards before he saw, lying on the plain, a horse that had fallen in saddle and bridle, and lay with his legs under him, and head stretched stiffly forward, with glaring eyeballs, but dead. Near him was a man, alive, but sunk in exhaustion. His eye turned wildly on the young squatter, and his parched lips moved, but without a sound. Robert Patterson comprehended his need, and, running to the lake, brought his pannikin full of water, and put it to his mouth. It was the water of life to him. His voice and some degree of strength came quickly back. He had come from the north, and had ridden a race with the fire, till horse and man had dropped here — the horse never to rise again. But Patterson's need was too urgent for delay. He found the man had no lack of provisions ; he carried him in his arms to the margin of the lake, mounted, and rode on. As he galloped forward it was still fire — fire everywhere. He felt convinced that the conflagration— fanned by the strong wind, and acting upon fires in a hundred quarters — extended over the whole sunn-dried colony. It was still early noon, when, with straining eyes, and a heart which seemed almost to stand sill with a terrible anxiety he came near his own home. He darted over the brow of a hill — there it lay safe! The circle within his cleared boundary was untouched by the fire. There were his paddocks, his cattle, his huts, and home. With a lightning thought his thanks flew up lo heaven, and he was the next moment at his door, in his house, in his mother's arms. 