BUSH FIRES. We learn from private sources of information that Bush fires. are ^ still raging in the vicinity of Gisborne, and that throughout the night of Tuesday the inhabi tants of that district had the greatest difficulty iu pre venting the destruction of their various properties. Mr Connell, clerk of tho bench at Gisborne had been engaged all night in taking measures for the safety of his house and grounds, which happily were crowned with success. On Tuesday,' the forest oil the highest peak of Mount Macedon was in fiame3 and we believe Is still burning, but in consequence of the clearing effec ted around the site of tho surveyors' observatory that structure has been preserved. Tho. various. diggings bush papers teem with tires, details of ravages of fire iu their rospectivo localities. The Miners' Right speaking of Captleraaino, re marks : — 'The country all around us is enveloped in smoke. and flame. - Since Saturday the hoftt has bceii increasing. It has now becomo pefeotly intolerable, though there are no appearances whatever Of a cliange. From the number of the bush fires that we ha vo heard of in tho neighborhood, there is reason to fear that great numbers of f irmors have been ruined, aud many stockholders seriously injured. To the east of Castlemaine,- bush fires have been running riot for several days. On the run of Mr Sterling, late Craw ford, nine thousand acres of grass were burnt on bun day last, in less than an hour — the flames travelling with the speed of a swift horse. Mr Sterling has just leased this land at a heavy rental, and it is not easy to see what will become of his Bheop, driven into a corner and saved from destruction^ by _ almost incredible . exertions. Crawford's . station haa escaped for tho present with the loss of two thousand acres. A portion of Degrave's station haJ , been destroyed. Barker's and Coghill's have not escaped. Old bushmen say the heat is equal to that or Black Thursday, of dolorous memory : the hea£ being equally intense, but the wind not so high. Fences, farms, gardens aud homesteads, have in too mlvuy instances been iuvolved in the general destruction. At the moment we write, the wind seems to increase in violence, which we hope is the precursor of a change. Yesterday's Ballaarat Times thus characterises tho weather : — The heat of the last few days ha3 been beyond anything ever experienced on Ballaarat before » and has been constaut night and day. ^ Usually there is such a fall in the temperature during the night as serves to cool the houses somewhat, but during the past four days there has been not the least intermis sion in the extreme severity of the weather. V ysterday was the worst of the series, aud a high wind, kept tho air thick with dust all day, which uuiting with tho j heat for our torment, almost made life a burden to the Ballaarat citizens. During tho present intensely hot m eatlier, the. absence of tho farmers of tlie district from Ballaarat is not much to be wondered at. After tho warning of Monday, they naturally and most rightly think that their place is at homo. We have not heard that much damage has been 'done to tha crop', beyond what the public is already aware of. Ift ? is sincerely to be hoped that the outstanding crops will bo gathered in .without further damage. Tlio harvest: is the most abundant that has ever been known in Victoria, and that the golden promise should ba destroyed, would indeed be a severe calamity. The Star says : — To particularise one fire from another at the present moment would be impossible, as from the appearances every where, it is evident that Ballaarat is surrounded with a circle of fire. We regret, however, to hear of one more than usually destructive which, on Tuesday last, destroyed the whole of the farmhouse and crops belonging to a Mr Wynne, whose property faces the Burnbank Road, as it passes the township of Miner's Rest. What makes the circumstance more that usually painful is, the fact that Mr Wynne is completely ruined by the ca- tastrophe. All yesterday Ballaarat was surrounded with a dense smoke from the fires in the vicinity. The heat of the day was terrific, and as evening set in the breeze brought the smoke into our very midst, thicker and denser than a London fog. The Times reports the burning of the greater portion of East Ballan, but in the absence cf particulars trusts that only a small portion of this thriving agricultural district has suffered. The Carngham correspondent of the same paper states as follows :— The most intense heat has been experienced in this district during the last two or three days. On Saturday the thermometer in the sun ranged during the day from 1400 to 145 degrees (Faren heit), and from 100 to 105 in the shade. During Sun- day afternoon a cool breeze sprung up, and black clouds, indicative of rain ; towards evening the sky gradually brightened, and the night was most sultry ; yesterday (Monday) was nearly as hot as on Saturday ; several bushfires wore seen burning in the distance, and huge columns of smoke were ascending in every direction. A strong wind, blowing from the north, coupled with the glowing heat generated by the fires, rendered the atmosphere perfectly intolerable. 