TERRIFIC BUSH FIRE.-The fire which has been noticed for the last two nights in the South-East has proved to be much more destructive than, any one contemplated. "We are informed by a gentleman who came into town early on Monday morning that on Sun- day last the township of Macclesfield had a narrow escape from total destruction by means of it. Our informant tells us that between 9 and 11 o'clock Sunday last the flames were seen coming up the Adelaide road towards Macclesfield in a broad compact mass extending to a wide distance on both sides of the road and carrying everything before it. As soon as the flames were per- ceived, many of the, residents in ihe township mounted their horses and rode towards the scene of conflagration. Hardly had they left the township before the flames, which were fed by a strong north wind just then springing up, came roaring along both sides of the road with awful fury. The adventurers retreated to the township in dismay, and to their utter horror, on looking round, perceived the flames actually leaping over the hills which the people thought would he their protec- tion, and dropping in masses on the country all round the township. The scene that then ensued cannot be deseribed. The inhabitants considered tho township doomed; the whole line of country skirting on the right was instan- neously in flames. Fences and homesteads were con- sumed on all sides. After destroying everything to the brink of the main streets, the conflagration pursued its career towards the Bugle Ranges, and the whole country between them ,and Macclesfield soon be- came one mass of fire. The destruction caused around Macclesfield is really almost too distress- ing to relate. The flames came on with such rapi-, dity that one settler with a family of three children, who had not been dressed for the day on account of the hot weather, was obliged to throw his children over a fence, and the whole family had to run for their lives, the children not having on them a single thread more than their night dresses, A settler, known by the name of " German John," besides a nice homestead, has had 10,000 bushels of wheat, the garnered product of last year's harvest, and this season's crop, destroyed, and is now not the owner of a single grain. It is feared some lives have been lost, and we are well assured that, a German woman who got her living by making artificial flowers is missing. Her cottage has been totally com- sumed, and as no tidings have as yet been received of her, it is conjectured that she must have perished in the ruins of her home, or been overtaken by the flames in her attempt to fly from them. Our informant describes the scene presented in Macclesfield on Sunday last after the flames had subsided as truly heart-rending, several families being leeft entirely destitute. One in- stance will give an idea 0f the calamity which has fallen upon about a score of families. An unfortunate house- less settler was sitting down near the Schoolhouse cheering his little son,, who was only clad in his night gown, the father encouraging the little fellow to "cheer up, and if he was a good boy he would soon earn him a hat and boots." Everything is being done by the more fortunate of the townspeople to relieve the necessities of those who have been left destitute by this distressing calamity. The school-house has been appropriated for their accommodation and is quite full, and those whom the school-house is too small to accommodate have been kindly supplied with temporary lodgings by the several storekeepers in the township. The gentleman to whom we are indebted for the above information states that as he came into town yesterday morning the whole country from Macclesfield to a point just above Crafer's is one. mass of cinders and ashes, not a single building, shrub, or tree having escaped the ravages of the fire. CORPORATION ECONOMY.-The City Corpora- tion nave set to work in good earnest to retrench. On reference to our report of their proceedings on Mon- day, it will be seen that they have determined to dis- pense with the services of a City Surveyor for the present municipal year; have given the Assistant in the Town Clerk's office a month's notice to quit, and have amalga- mated several offices, for the purpose of reducing the number of officers, and the expenses of disbursing the cor- porate funds. THE CIVIC BOWL.-It has been determined to exhibit the civic bowl for a week at each of the principal jewellers' shops in the city. 