SOCIAL. The chief topics of the month have been the American difficulty, and its solution ; the demise of the Prince Consort, and the non-arrival of the December mail, until she was fairly given up for lost. The arrival of the Thomas Brown from the Mauritius, on Thursday, the 27th ult., apprised us, by anticipation, of the probability of war with America, and the death of the Prince, as did that of the Albrecht Oswald, from San Francisco, with particulars of an amicable arrangement with reference to the Southern Commissioners. On the arrival of the Northam, on the 13th of March, with the mails of January 27th, it must be admitted that the ample confirmation which she brought was received with a shade of dissatisfaction and disappointment by no inconsiderable number of our colonists, who really desired to see England practically resent the insult which had been passed upon her by the Northern States. The Bombay, with the missing December mails, was off Cape Otway at three o'clock on the afternoon of Friday last. The fact was instantly telegraphed throughout the colony, and gave the most lively satisfaction, as she has on board a great deal of important correspondence. So soon as it was known in Melbourne that the English news via Mauritius included the melancholy intelligence of the demise of His Royal Highness the Prince Consort, public sympathy was very markedly indicated. Most places of business and amusement in Melbourne were closed, flags were lowered to half- mast, the bell of the Cathedral tolled, and the various foreign consuls paid visits of condolence to Her Majesty's representative. Subsequently, minute guns were fired, and an order for regulation mourning was issued from Government House. The expression of grief and sympathy for the Queen was hearty and spontaneous throughout the colony. The number of the letters despatched per the last outgoing mail, Benares, was 2240, including 113 which were registered. There were also sent by the same vessel 1991 newspapers. The total number of letters which passed through the Ballarat Post Office in February was 54,457; newspapers do., 10,097. The number of letters posted at the office during the same month was 22,810, and of newspapers 5517. From the Deputy Registrar's monthly statistics we learn that the number of births registered for the month of February, was 158\. Of this number 81 were males, 72 females, and still-born 3. The number of deaths registered during the same month was 161, and of this number 22 were adults, and the remainder principally children. The chief causes of death amongst the children were enteritis and scarlatina, and infantine cholera and dysentery. The number of births registered during the corresponding month of the previous year was 152, or six less than during the last month. The number of deaths was 69, or an increase of 92 for last month. The increase in the number of deaths is attributable to the long drought and excessively hot weather, which brought on effusion of the brain and kindred diseases, and rendered prevalent scarlatina, dysentery, and diptheria. Two marriages were performed at the registrar's office during the first fortnight in March. The deaths up to the 15th instant amounted to the large number of 66, chiefly those of children. There has been a long continuance of hot, dry weather, and it appears still likely to last some time. On the 5th instant there was a thunderstorm and rain fell heavily. The storm, however, did not last more than half an hour, and the quantity of water that fell did but little to supply wants. During the storm, the telegraph office was set on fire by the lightning, and it was only saved from destruction by the exertions of the station master, assisted by several other persons. It appears that shortly before eleven o'clock, whilst Mr Bechervaise was sitting in his private room, he heard repeated electric sparks flashing from the wires, but did not deem it advisable to enter the office. He was suddenly alarmed by a loud knocking at the door, and on rushing outside he found that the lightning had run along the wire and set the window frame, curtains, rollers, &c.;, in flames. With the assistance of several persons who had observed the fire, the flames were extinguished, but not before a good deal of damage had been done. It was found, however, that the lightning kept running along the wires and re-igniting the charred window frames, so that it was found necessary to cut away all the wires and lightning arresters from the office in order to save it from being burned down. Communication with other places was therefore cut off, but by eight o'clock on the ensuing morning all damage had been effectually repaired. On Sunday, the 23rd of February, enormous bush fires broke out in Bullarook forest, caused, there is no doubt, by the carelessness of camping parties in not properly extinguishing the fires which they had lighted tor their convenience. The fire spread with most extraordinary rapidity, and swept onward a distance of some twenty miles. The Alliance Company, at Gordon, had great difficulty in saving their plant from the devouring element; but, fortunately, they were assisted by several neighbors, and the wind changing at the time, they succeeded in changing the course of the fire, which swept onward with alarming rapidity. At Stieglitz and Mount Egerton great damage was done, the crops of several farmers and their homesteads having been destroyed. Messrs Biddle's mill, of Bullarook, had a very narrow escape, and it required the energetic action of some 50 persons to save it from destruction. As it was, the mills of Messrs Graves and Frazer, and the bridge leading to the American Saw Mill, which bridge cost £300, were burned down, as well as a large portion of the tramway. The timber saw mills of Mr James Goldsmith, at the Springs, were also completely burned down. It is impossible to estimate the amount of damage done by the fire in Bullarook. The cultivators of small allotments had their crops, houses, and fences destroyed, they themselves having barely time to escape from the fierce fire by which they were beset. In some instances men and women ran out with hardly any clothes on them, and remained without covering or shelter for the whole night, the misery of their position being rendered still greater by their knowledge that the labor of years and their only means of living were utterly destroyed. Several of the saw mill proprietors lost a large quantity of timber which they had cut, and had to incur great expense in opening up the roads which were blocked by the charred remains of trees which fell across them. At the time in question, our Brown Hill correspondent sent us the following vivid picture of an individual loss:—— " The bush fire must have made great havoc among the settlers, the particulars of the loss of one of these I may relate. A young man named Spilman, who was recently married, purchased a few acres of land to settle upon in the neighborhood of the Springs. He built a house, laid in a few month's supply of provisions, intending to leave his wife comfortable for a time, while he endeavored to replenish his almost exhausted funds. He furnished the house, and finished the papering and tacking down of the carpet last Saturday night. He left his home on Sunday morning with his wife to spend the day with his friends at Brown Hill, leaving through forgetfulness his purse on the table containing all the money he had, with his watch. When they returned home in the evening all was destroyed. The dog was burned on the chain, and a lamb and a goat consumed in the stable. House, furniture, clothing, provisions, money, all gone. His horse was loose in the bush, and may be for aught he knows burned also. Within Ballarat and its populous suburbs, fires have been much less frequent than in former years during the prevalence of hot weather. A little before midnight on Saturday, the 22nd ult, the White Flat Hotel and Store, the property of Mr Pinkerton, were burned to the ground. Mr Pinkerton was standing at the outside door when the alarm of fire was given, and he had barely time to rescue two children who were in bed. No property of any consequence was saved, and in five minutes after the fire was discovered, the place was totally destroyed. The building was a tolerably large one, and consisted of ten apartments. The fire brigades were very quickly on the spot, but their efforts and those of the persons present were directed to the saving of a small cottage adjacent to the hotel, which was secured from destruction, although the fire several times had caught the roof. On Sunday afternoon, 9th March, a fire broke out in the plough and agricultural implement manufactory of Messrs D. Fraser and Co, at Learmonth, fourteen miles from Ballarat, and was not extinguished until the factory and two adjoining buildings had been involved in destruction. Both fires are supposed to have originated in sleeping places. The always inadequate quantity, and, to a certain extent, objectionable quality of the fluid obtained from the Wendouree Swamp, as the water supply of this large population, has, in consequence of the dryness of the passing summer, almost failed us. The little which has managed to ooze along the pipes into the basin wherein the main part of the town lies, has been of bad color and offensive odor, and is at times quite unattainable. The swamp is now all but dry, and in order to utilise every little pool which happens to be detached from the filter beds near to the pipe heads, drains are being to cut to lead their contents to a more available spot. Californian pumps are also to be used for a similar purpose; and, as a last resource, the water now being pumped out and wasted from the adjoining mining claims is to be brought into the bed of the Swamp. Meanwhile, those who have the fortune or the misfortune, as the case may be, to live out of the districts through which pipes are laid, are glad to purchase water from vendors even at 10s per load. At this critical juncture, the inhabitants have been solicited to be as economical as possible in the use of the limited supply of water at present within their reach. The absence of rain has also thrown many miners out of employment, or compelled them to stack washing-stuff instead of making it yield its golden treasure. The inhabitants of Soldiers' Hill, and other localities closely adjoining the main town of Ballarat have for some time past been agitating for the erection of stand-pipes for the supply of their respective wants, but the Western Council can give no answer to such demands, except that the Government have it in contemplation within the present year to obtain an efficient water supply for all localities. We understand that measures are being taken for this purpose, meanwhile it is a source of satisfaction to know that one great feeder at Kirk's dam is now fairly in the hands of the engineer, and will probably soon be completed. There are abundant means of obtaining a supply, and when the works proposed are completed, Ballarat will have an abundance of good water. The welcome scream of the railway locomotive was heard for the first time on Friday, the 14th instant, within a yard or two of the Ballarat East station, to the great delight of a number of onlookers, who scrambled to the banks of the cutting to see the unusual apparition. The permanent way for a single line is now laid up to within a very little of its greatest extension, and a temporary rail enables the contractors for the stations and various other works to bring up trains laden with materials for their use as far as they desire. It is now understood that by the end of April, the line will be opened for passenger traffic, as it is understood by that time the Moorabool viaduct will be quite completed. The contracts for the termini at Ballarat West and Ballarat East, with the goods stations at each, have been taken, and the works are now in full operation. Enough will be completed in time for temporary accommodation as soon as the line is open for passenger traffic. Everything about the western or terminal station on Soldiers' Hill will be most substantial, and when finished there will be hardly any station in the colony equal to it in appearance. The main front faces Neil street, while the arrival and departure platforms communicate with Lydiard street by doors on either side, an elliptical arch with lighted iron roof spanning the whole width of the railway between the platforms. All the exterior of both facades will be finished in cement, except where the dressed stone facings of window sills and other portions of the work render cement unnecessary to the ornamentation of the building. The whole of the works connected with the passenger station alone cannot be completed before August or September; but the platforms, ticket office, and a few other necessary portions will be sufficiently advanced to render the station available as soon as the line is open. The goods department lies between the passenger station and Nolan street. The Vigilance, otherwise the Central Railway Committees of Ballarat and Geelong have done good service in their time in urging upon the Government the necessity of speedy completion of railway communication between Ballarat and Melbourne via Geelong, but they may now rest from their labors. The last meeting of the select Parliamentary committee on Railway affairs was, we believe, held a fortnight ago. Agitation has done its work, and this committee too may rest from its labors. The only duty now remaining to be performed by the Ballarat Central Railway Committee is to exercise a fatherly care over and have a small voice in, the gigantic celebrations that are to attend the opening of the line, which promises to do so much for the golden metropolis, and to create so important a commercial revolution as that which shall make Geelong rather than Melbourne its port and means of direct commercial interchange with Great Britain and the rest of the world. On this subject we shall not say more at present, but just mention that it is intended to signalise the opening of the railway by a great fete, which not only the local bodies but the contractors will endeavor to make as worthy as the occasion deserves. Mr Williams (of Williams and Little, the contractors) purposes erecting a marquee on the site of the terminus, in which he intends to entertain four hundred invited guests, of whom two hundred will be ladies. He also purposes to give a separate entertainment to one thousand of the workmen. Mr Craig, of Bath's Hotel, will be the caterer on the eventful occasion. The Municipal Councils talk of a ball on a large scale, but the Central Railway Committee, wiser in their generation, advise a repast on a gigantic scale, at such a minimum of price as to compel every reasonable inhabitant who is in possession of the price of a dinner, and duly mindful of the occasion, to show his face and come in. Not unconnected with this subject, we may mention that the new store of Mr Dunn, in close proximity to the railway station in Lydiard street, is progressing tolerably fast, and will be the most ornamental store yet erected here. The free stone coins and window dressings give great relief to the bluestone, and the height of the building exceeds by some three or four feet the larger and more massive looking store of Messrs Holmes, White and Co. adjoining. This latter store is now stocked with the usual miscellaneous goods appertaining to the general merchant's list of articles, and with its piles of merchandise reminds one of the establishments in the metropolis, and be- tokens, we will hope, what the commercial future of Ballarat is likely to be. It is contemplated by some enterprising gentlemen to form, when the railway is opened, a tram- way company, to run street trains along Lydiard street north at stated hours during the day. The Eastern Police Court was reopened to the public on Monday, 10th March, after receiving sundry and important alterations. Being intended for the holding of evening meetings, as well as serving the purposes of a temple of justice in the morning, a brilliant gasalier of seventeen lights has been suspended from an elaborately-constructed ceiling ornament. Reasonable warmth will be secured to clients, advocates, and adjudicators in inclement weather, by means of a large fireplace, which has been surmounted by a mantel of cut stone. The bench fittings are of cedar, and beautifully finished. The gallery rests on wooden pillars, painted to resemble bronze, and with accommodation for over 300 persons. Opposite the bench four tiers of seats rise at a good gradient, at the sides there are but two. Seats are also provided in the body of the building. The court house is now one of the best of its kind in the colony. The Town Hall adjoining is not quite finished, but will within a few weeks be handed over to the Council by the contractors. The sentence of death passed on John Hynes, for the murder of Timothy Ryan, at Mount Bolton, has been commuted to imprisonment for life, the first three years in irons. A petition, signed by Borne two- hundred persons, amongst whom were the bankers and the principal merchants of the town and nine of the jury, was sent to the Executive, and was we presume, the cause of the commutation of the sentence. Great disturbance have taken place in the agriculture districts amongst the class of persons who have been drawn together during the harvest, A new police post has just been established by Mr Inspector Kabat at the Springs. Two determined vagabonds who stuck-up Mr Cadden's station and carried off horses and other property, have also committed a series of robberies in the Ararat and Avoca districts. They shot a trooper near Avoca, who attempted to apprehend them, and are supposed to be identical with the miscreants who murdered an inoffensive old man named John Hampshire, who kept a refreshment tent on a lonely part of the road near Yandoit. The following is a list of the estates sequestrated during the month: —— Horatio Hunter Hoskins, late of Back Creek, solicitor —— Liabilities, £2109 11s 2½d; assets, £495 4s 6d; deficiency, £1614 6s 8½d. William Green, of Avoca, storekeeper——Liabilities, £94; assets, £29. Alexander M'Donald, hay and corn dealer, Ballarat——Debts, £146 6s 3d; assets, £36 3s 6d; deficiency,£110 2s 9d. Ezekiel Jones, miner, Clunes——Liabilities, £624 15s 4d; assets, £3 10s 11d. Edward Sellitt Bickertill, drapers' assistant, Ararat——Liabilities, £72 17s; assets, £14 8s. Francois Cogne, of Ballarat, restaurant keeper——Debts, £118 3s; assets, £1; deficiency, £117 3s. James Laughlin, of Mount Coghill, farmer——Debts, £1218 12s 4d ; assets, £56; deficiency, £1162 12s 4d. Eliza Perrin, of Ballarat, licensed victualler Liabilities, £146 16s 11d; assets, £71; deficiency, £75 16s 11d. James R. Gaunt, of Ballarat, yeoman——Debts, £642 12s; assets, £30; deficiency, £612 12s. John Gray, clerk and bookkeeper, now a prisoner in her Majesty's gaol at Ballarat——Debts, £48 1s 8d; assets, £1 10s; deficiency, £46 11s 8d. William Tapley Rossiter, of Ballarat, builder ——Debts, £335 11s 8d; assets, £50 2s ; deficiency, £285 9s 8d. Charles Aik, of Talbot, miner——Liabilities, £98 11s 11d; assets, £10; deficiency, £88 11s 11d. Samuel Sampson, late of Mountain Creek, now of Burnt Creek, news agent——Liabilities, £98 11s 6d; assets, £5; deficiency, £93 11s 6d. David Ronayne, of Carisbrook, publican Liabilities, £213 1s 7d; assets, £46 11s 6d; deficiency, £166 10s 1d. Charles Higgins Herring of Ballarat, miner——Debts, £589; assets, £30; deficiency, £559. Geo. Fitchen and Fred. Bontoft, of Ascot, in the county of Talbot, hotelkeepers——Debts, £317 10s 8d; assets, £83 13s 9d; deficiency, £233 16s 11d. Stewart Peoples, of Mount Cavern, farmer——Debts, £427 6s 10d; assets, £5; deficiency, £422 6s 1Od. Charles Norbrun, of Mount Blackwood, miner——Debts, £26 5s 7d; assets, £2. The lately erected square tower of St Paul's Church, is now one of the handsomest and most prominent objects in Ballarat. Pending the completion of repairs and alterations now going on in the building, the congregation have been permitted to meet in the Eastern Town Hall. A very handsome stained glass window is about to be placed in the chancel. The centre light is to be the gift of Mr Thomas Robson, of Sturt street; those at the sides have been provided for by private contributions, while those in the tracery are to be presented by the Melbourne Stained Glass Company. When completed, the window will have a very rich and elegant appearance. Mr St Quentin has undertaken to execute the decorations of the chancel and other parts of the building. The members of the Church of England at Smythesdale, have made arrangements for the erection of a new place of worship in that municipality. The site is near the Lutheran Church, and Mr Veitch is the contractor for the building, which will be entirely composed of wood. The works at the Roman Catholic Church in Sturt street appear to be entirely suspended. Mass was celebrated on St. Patrick's Day, at the Bald Hills, by the Rev. Mr Williams, in the Roman Catholic chapel, which has just been finished. The new Congregational school house, at the corner of Mair and Dawson streets, is now roofed in, and the completion of the inside and outside details is fast approaching. The building is one of the handsomest additions lately made to our street architecture. Until a church proper is built, the schoolhouse will be used by the congregation. Anniversary sermons were preached on Sunday, 23rd February, at the Baptist chapel, in the morning, by the Rev. Mr Millard, and in the evening by the Rev. Mr Henderson. A design for a clock-tower, with fountain, &c.;, attached, and intended as a tribute to the memory of the late explorers. Burke and Wills, has at last been adopted by the committee, and vigorous measures are now being taken to raise the necessary funds. The design meets nearly all requirements to make it an object of utility as well as ornament, and is by Mr Canute Andersen. The engineers of both the Councils have reported in favor of two sites for the Public Baths to be erected by the Western Council. Both sites are well situated for the reception of water, and also for its discharge after it has been used. No positive decision as to which site shall be adopted has been arrived at. Meanwhile, the private company who have it in contemplation to establish Turkish Baths, are adopting measures for their immediate commencement. In connection with current improvements we note that the erection of the cupola of the Benevolent Asylum is being proceeded with, and the details in general of the present extension of the building are being executed with commendable despatch. The general committee have authorised the building committee to provide the newly erected cupola with a lightning conductor. The same sub-committee have recommended that the completion of the cupola and centre should be signalised by the holding of a soiree or other festive gathering. The Ballarat and Suburban Building Society is going on very flourishingly, the number of shareholders now being about 400\. On the 4th inst, the District Officers of the U.B.D. of the Ancient Order of Foresters opened a new Court at the Rising Sun Hotel, Main road. The name of the Court is Robin Hood, and the following brethren were chosen to fill the various offices, viz:——Br Borrowman, C.R., Br Tompkins, S.C.R ; Br Young, Treasurer; Br Macintosh, Secretary; Br Chalmers, S.W.W., Br Consens, J.W.W., and Br Cressy, S.B. Dr Bunce was chosen medical officer to the Court, which is likely to be in a short time a very strong one in point of numbers. The Licensed Victuallers' Association are, through the agency of Mr John Edwards, the younger, M.L.A., anxiously watching the progress of the new bill affecting their interests, through the Legislature. The former act placed this class under many restrictions and conditions which at the time it was passed, were urgently required. Should the demands of some of the class be satisfied, legislation which would implant galling obligations and disabilities on the general public, would be the result. A medium course will have to be adopted until some modification of the licensing system can be devised. The annual dinner is fixed for 1st April. The Autumn Show of the Ballarat Horticultural Society was held on the 14th of March. The show was in many respects superior to previous exhibitions, the exhibits of fruit being especially fine, while the show of vegetables was quite up to former displays. In spite of the long drought we have had, the flowers exhibited were both excellent in quality and plentiful in quantity, and, as we have said before, the exhibition, as a whole, was a very gratifying success, and evinced the fact that the district is progressing in the arts and comforts of civilization. True, some of the best things shown were sent from gardens outside the district proper; but even that is a sign that Ballarat is favorably known as a place worth cultivating by the gardener at a distance, and the contributions thus sent will, no doubt, serve as a stimulus to our local producers to rival the productions of older and, in some respects, more favorably circumstanced nurseries. Shortly after four o'clock on Tuesday, 25th February, Sir Dominic Daly, the newly appointed Governor of South Australia, arrived in Ballarat, having travelled from Geelong on an engine along the Ballarat and Geelong Railway. Wishing to pay a visit to one of the gold fields, we understand that Sir Henry Barkly, Governor of Victoria, recommended him to come to Ballarat. Sir Dominic Daly was accompanied by Mr Williams, the railway contractor. On the next day his Excellency repaired to Clunes with Mr Bland, to inspect the works of the Port Phillip Company. In the evening he returned to Ballarat, and visited the Theatre Royal, where he was received by a guard of honor of forty members of the Ballarat Rifle Rangers, under the command of Major Wallace. On the ensuing morning, his Excellency, accompanied by several other gentlemen, visited the Koh-i-Noor Company's claim, descended the shaft, and inspected the works both above and under ground. His Excellency was quite astonished at the length of the drives and the large amount of labor required in separating the gold from the earth. On his return to Bath's Hotel he took his departure for Melbourne by railway, on his route to South Australia. On the 15th of March, Colonel Pitt, lately commanding officer of volunteers in this colony, embarked for New Zealand at Sandridge Pier. A detachment of the Williamstown Rifles, with their band, and a detachment of the Collingwood Company of Rifles, formed on the Pier and loudly cheered their late gallant colonel, who took farewell of them in a few appropriate and feeling words. Colonel Anderson has been appointed, at a salary of £700 a-year, to include all emoluments. The Ballarat Volunteer Rifle Rangers are about to lose the services of their commander, Major Wallace, who has exchanged positions as sheriff with Mr Yates, of Ararat. Firing parties of this regiment lately accepted challenges from the Castlemaine and Bendigo corps. They were decidedly unsuccessful at Castlemaine, but at Bendigo matters were much more nearly balanced. The detachment of the Rangers were more fortunate when shooting for the Rifle Association's prizes, for of the six prizes shot for they secured three. Mr. Geoffrey Power won the second prize, the ranges being at 400, 500, and 600 yards; the trophy consists of a very handsome silver coffee urn and a silver butter cooler. Mr Boyd took the third prize, and Mr Hitchins the fourth. Since this, parties of nine men, selected from companies 2 and 3 of the Rangers have met at the Ballarat Butts to shoot for precedence in the use of arms of precision. The ranges were 200, 300, and 500 yards, five shots at each distance. No. 2 made 105 points, and No. 3 115 points——the latter thus winning by 10 points. A Rifle Association is now in course of formation in which it is intended to merge the Rifle Club, and to admit gentlemen desirous of practising the rifle, whether they are members of any volunteer corps or not. Since our last we have had the races of the Albion and Great Extended Mining Companies, and those held annually at Buninyong. Both were successful, and drew together large concourses of people. In the former the Maiden Plate fell to the lot of Mr M'Minimy's Eleanor, and the Albion Handicap Trotting Race was won by Mr Rankin's Tommy ; the Great Extended Handicap was won by Mr H. C. Mount's Yorkshireman; and the Handicap Hurdle Race by Mr M'Minimy's Eleanor. The Miners' Race was won by Mr D. Brophy's Polly, Flora Macdonald and Puddler having been disqualified by their owners living beyond five miles of the ground; and the prize for the Selling Hack Race fell to the lot of Mr M'Minimy's Jemmy Ducks. The Buninyong races came off on the 20th and 21st instant. The first event fell to the lot of Stockman, who no longer can be classed with maiden horses. Yambuck had a walk over for the selling hurdle race. The Buninyong Handicap fell to the lot of Yorkshireman, the selling stakes were appropriated by Stockman, being his second victory during the first day ; and the hack race was won by Mr Delvin's Chance, beating seven others. Yorkshireman walked away with the Town Plate, Norman proved the victor for the Handicap Steeplechase, and Eleanor appropriated the Ladies' Purse, while the Hack Hurdle Race fell to the lot of Forester, and the Consolation Stakes, the final event on the card, were won by Limerick Lass, a very promising mare. At the last meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club, Mr Carver gave notice that at the next meeting he would move that designs be called for from architects for a new grand stand capable of holding 2000 persons. The Regatta Club is now firmly established. Several new boats have been purchased, and it is intended to hold a scratch match on Lake Burrumbeet on Easter Monday for a pair of silver oars. In matters theatrical and musical, we have to report the reign of Mr William Hoskins as actual lessee and stage manager, who with the aid of Miss Julia Harland, Miss Mortimer, Miss Taburney, Mr Henry Edwards, and a corps de ballet, are doing their best to draw good houses and succeeding at the Theatre Royal. The dramatic season re-opened on Monday, the 3rd inst, and novelties of the first class have been produced, Gerald Griffin's "Gisippus," "The Game of Speculation," "The Black Sheep," and now Talfourd's fairy burlesque extravaganza "King Thrushbeard." A few days ago MM. Poussard and Douay, prize- men of the French Academy of Music, returned to Ballarat, and gave several concerts with reasonable success. Mr George Loder and Miss Neville are now delighting the country districts with their admirable entertainment " The Old House at Home." Shortly before they left they performed the benefit of the Ballarat District Hospital and the Foresters' Society in Bellair's Societies' Hall, on two separate occasions. A great loss has been suffered by the Australian stage by the death of Sir William Don, who died at Hobart Town, Tasmania, on the 19th inst. He had been ailing some time but was not thought to be in any danger. 