NEWS OF THE WEEK. We have seen the last of Mr Henry Miller’s Land Society, After a career of only a few months, but sufficiently long to convince the shareholders that the scheme was a failure, the society on Tuesday wound up its affairs. We un derstand not a single application hud been mt.de for land under the regulations of the society, so much lauded by Mr Duffy and the Collins street organ. An expenditure of €3OO had been in curred, amounting to 3s 6d per share ; and the balance of the pnld-up capital having been re funded, the company was dissolved. Mr Miller has been rather unfortunate in his speculations of late. The Government Gazette of last Friday notifies that the lands in the following agricultural areas have been withdrawn from selection, namely t Boalanburry, Condah, Eurambeen, Flinders, Hen tyhurst, Hotidle, Ligarwood, Myamyn, Warrab kook, Weerangourt, Woodnaggerak, Wborndoo, and Yuppeokiar. They will be open for selection in March, We observe from the report of a meeting held at Inglewood, on Wednesday, that the local sub scriptions for the sufferers by the late fire amount to £894. To this sum will have to bo added the Government grant, and the Melbourne, Dunolly, Sandhurst, and Castlemaine subscription lists, which have yet to be returned. The Melbourne subscription announced as collected was £392. Four new steamers are now building in England for the Queensland Steam Navigation Company, and two are to be brought out for the Intercolonial Steam Navigation Company. Agents of each company have gone home by the Northam, to superintend and bring out the respective vessels. There seems to be some difficulty at present in obtaining the services of agricultural laborers for the harvest in various parts of the country. The Creswick and Clunes Advertiser states that an agriculturist of the neighborhood a few days ago, at Geelong, engaged about thirty men to work on his farm, when only a fourth of the number chose to come up. Meeting several parties on his road to Creswick ho offered them employment, which they declined, and, in order to avoid serious loss, he had to employ Chinamen. The horses and equipments of Howitt’s party were sold at Adelaide on the 17th inst. There was a large attendance, and the bidding, though not very high, was pretty brisk. Burke’s horse, Farmer, fetched £3O, and was bought by Mr A, B. Murray, M.P.; Wills’ horse was sold for £lO, and Howitt’s horse went for £2l 6a. The other horses realised from £6 to £lB 6s, averaging about ten guineas. The saddles, packsaddles, and other articles sold very well. Gipps Land would appear to have no great re liance on the assurance either of its representa tive or of the Commissioner of Roads with re gard to the expenditure of the sum kept back out of the amount granted for the formation and maintenance of the main line of road. Mr John son in a letter to the Gipps Land Times on the 17th inst., says :—“I went at once to Mr Mit chell, and am happy to inform you that the sum is at once to be expended on suob portions of the road where it is most needed.” Whereupon the Times remarks :—“We are afraid that, notwith standing the trouble Mr Johnson has taken in this matter, he is thoroughly deceived by Mr Mitchell, who has promised more than he can per form. We believe that there is no secret in the fact that there is no work laid out by the Road Engineer’s department which can absorb this amount or any portion of it, and that it is now, and has been for some time, the intention of the Roads and Bridges Department to permit this amount to lapse, and to make fresh application for the amount in the estimates of 1863, with such additional sum as will cover the necessary ex penditure in making the Latrobe bridge a port cullis. The Road Engineer and his staff have been occupied for nearly three months in drawing plans and making specifications for this work, and consequently they have no time left unoccupied by which they could have had any of the neces sary specifications prepared for works which are so much wanted on the main road, and for which purpose the money was originally granted. The close of 1862 is now at hand, and all monies not expended or in course of expenditure on the 3 Is I of December, six days hence, must lapse back agaiutothe Government.” Some gentlemen in Ballaarat have organised themselves into a committee with a view to having Becker’s remains properly buried in a civilised part of the colony. The arrangements for the approaching funeral of Burke and Wills are now completed. Com plaints having been made to the Exploration Committee from various quarters about the order of the funeral procession that has been published, and applications for places in it having been pro posed, the committee ’have made some modifica tions of the programme. Mr Burke’s nurse ex pressed a strong desire to be present at the funeral, and her request has been acceded to. She is to have a seat in one of the mourning carriages. The alterations made in the order of the proces sion are as follows:—Mr H. A. Bookey, who is a relative of Mr Burke, is to be allowed to attend the funeral as one of the chief mourners; the Consuls are to follow his Excel lency’s carriage; the Mayor and Corpora tion of Melbourne will follow the members of the Legislative Assembly; the Vice- Chancellor and members of the Melbourne Uni versity have been placed after the Corporation, and the Ancient Order of Rechabites, who bad been omitted, will follow the Grand United Order of Odd Fellows. On the evening of the funeral a public banquet is to be held, at which an address will be presented to Mr Howitt, expressing the high estimation of the committee oi the manner in which his duties have been performed, with photographic copies to the other members of the expedition, and to the crew of the Victoria. Addresses will, at the same time, be presented to Mr Ambrose Ky te, and Capt. Norman, of the Victoria. The services of Mr Howitt’s party are to be retained until after the funeral. Two of the party, Messrs Aitken and Phillips, have now gone on to the Wimmera with the camels. M'William re mains in Adelaide. The remainder are now in Melbourne, and in .good health. Mr Howitt, pursuant to instructions, has left at Cooper’s Creek, in $ cach$ } ■various kinds of stores, including clothing, which would he suf ficient to supply n party of twelve men for a fort* night. He has not kept a journal, but Dr Mur ray's private diary, while stopping at Cooper’s Creek, is to be placed at the service of the Com mittee as soon as it can be transcribed. Mr Howitt has brought down u valuable collection of woods indigenous to the and strict of Cooper’s Creek, and also a number of geological and mineralogies! specimens, with some photographs which have yet to undergo a process of development. The Gazette of Tuesday contains a despatch from the Governor of Queensland, convoying the resolutions passed at the public mealing at Bris bane on the Bth inst, acknowledging the cordial reception and hospitable treatment accorded to Mr Landsborough, the explorer, on his visit to Victoria. Mr Assistant-Surveyor M'Donald has reported to the Government on the progress ho has made with the survey of a road to Gipps Land, from Yallock to Monvell. It is proposed that the road shall diverge from the lower Gipps Land road at Tobin Yallock bridge, and join upon the upper road at *he Morwell bridge. Mr M'Donald kept along the Dividing Range—a task of great difficulty, on account of the, irregularity of the country and of the density of lhe,ecrub; and re ports that, with the exception of a few places, an excellent road may, when cleared, be had to Gipps Land. The range is crooked, yet the distance is very little in excess of that by the Fern Tree Gullies. The cost of clearing, together with the expense of making a few side cuttings, is esti mated at about £lO,OOO. For that sum he con siders that a thoroughly good road, one chain wide, could be made, which would be practicable for travelling day or night. He mentions as one of the greatest objections to this road the scarcity of feed for stock, there being a length of nearly fifty miles in which the only herbage to be obtained is ferns, sword grass, and a small quantity of creeping grass, but looks forward to hotel-keepers along the road clearing and sowing paddocks with grass. Mr M'Donald states that he has met with no surface indications of gold; but at a creek during his return from the Morwell one of the men made shift to wash two parmikinfuls of earth from the bed of the creek in the lid of the " billy,” and found a large percentage of black sand. A short distance lower down the same creek a quan tity of lignite was found, A vein of soft earthy coal about three inches thick and fourteen wide waa likewise discovered. Hunting in the Geelong district appears likely to be at a low ebb next season. The hounds of the Geelong and Western District Hunt Club are advertised to be sold by auction in about a fort night hence. We are sorry to note the prevalence of fires in the agricultural districts, attributed to the in cendiary. On the 24th instant a large stack of wheat was burnt on the farm of Mr William Gould, at Burrumbeet. The Ballaarat Star says there is reason to suppose that the fire was mali ciously lighted by discharged servants ; one of whom, Andrew Henrehen, has been arrested and brought before the Learmouth Bench, and re manded for a week. The same journal mentions that a fire broke out on Saturday night, in the paddock of Mr R. Kemp, at Coghiil’s Creek, among some oat stubble. Fortunately, most of the oats from that part of the paddock had been' carted away previously, and the fiie extended to only some sixty sheaves bound on the same morn ing, of the value of about £2. A large number of men from adjoining farms were speedily on the spot, with sacks and branches, by which means a serious conflagration was prevented. There is no reason to suppose that the fire waa the work of an incendiary. Mr Bruce’s scheme, <: A new way to pay old debts,” was brought to a satisfactory and success ful conclusion on Tuesday, by a grand calico ball in the, Exhibition Building. The building was beautifully decorated for the occasion with flags and evergreens in gala profusion, and presented a remarkably gay appearance. At the western end, above the dais, a flag was displayed bearing the name of-Mr Bruce, and thesame gentleman’s nomenclature also shone resplendent as gas-could, make it at the eastern end of the hall. The arrangements for the festivity were very com plete. Mr Chapman’s band was engaged for the occasion, and produced some of the newest and best dance music. The caterer’s department was presided over by Mr M'Girr. There was no set supper, but refreshments, including wines, were served throughout the evening. Dancing was commenced shortly after nine o'clock, when there were about 400 ladies and gentlemen present. This number, however, rapidly increased, and in all there were about double that number present during the night. The dresses of the ladies, as requested, were chiefly of white calico, trimmed in every style that could possibly be thought of, and the majority were in good taste and looked extremely well. The gentleman, also, for the most pert, appeared in calico, and the taste dis played in form and color by many of them verged on the fantastic. White jackets predo minated, and there were many tastefully trimmed jumpers. Similar garments of colored flannel were also worn by some. Those who did not adopt the costume of the occasion appeared in ordinary evening dress. The number of dances on the programme was 26, and dancing waa kept up until the small hours had considerably ad vanced. The Board appointed by the Minister of Public Works to examine and report on the seven plans submitted for the supply of water to Castlemaine and Sandhurst, have recommended that the first premium be awarded to that marked “ Progress,” and that the author be requested to make the necessary surveys; and that the second premium be awarded to that marked “Eureka.” The •design marked “Progress” is by Mr Joseph Brady, of Xyneton, and that marked “Eureka” by Mr F. Aoheson, of Melbourne. The Minister of Works has accepted the recommendation of the Board, and ordered accordingly. The conduct of a magistrate has been gravely impugned by a border contemporary, under the following circumstancesAt the Police Court of .Corowa, ori- the 23rd instant, before Messrs R. Brown, D.JP. Keogh, and H. C, Jeffrey, Robert Smithrick-, John Ryan, John Looney, and Thomas Davis, were charged with having crossed 300 head of cattle over the Murray at Mulwala, without the said cattle oeing inspected, also that Mulwala was not a crossing place for cattle. Defendants pli/ivjed guilty, but alleged tuey did not know that Corowa was appointed a crossing place in* stead of Mulwalo- The bench. said it was bound to enforce the provisions of the Act, and accord* ingly confiscated the cattle, and enforced the penalty. Under the circumstances of the case, the bench intimated that the Government would bo asked to mitigate the penalty. In reference to this case, the Border Post of the 27th makes the following statement :— '* Waiting the disposal of the Government, these cattle were placed on or near Honeysuckle Elat, on a part of the run occupied by Mr D, P. Keogh, J.F., one of the magistrates who adjudicated on the case. On Wednesday, Mr D. P- Keogh drove the cattle up (0 his stockyard, for wh at purpose wee onot pre tend to say ; when the Clerk of Petty Sessions, Coiowa, went up on Christmas morning to count the cattle, ho only found 174 head. At this we let the matter stand, reserving our remarks for a future occasion. Mr Keogh was summoned be fore the bench a few weeks ago, for excessive driving charges, and was ordered to refund £7 of the money. Pive shillings per head on 300 cattle, would be a nice little Christmas Box. 0 Melbourne suffered on Wednesday under a scorching hot wind, and a storm, or rather hurri cane, of dust, of almost unprecedented severity. From an early hour in the morning a fierce northern wind blew throughout the greater part of the day, with blasts as from a furnace of molten iron. The hushed faces of the wayfarers com pelled to encounter the fiery breath of the wind, and the four-footed creatures trembling and panting in the streets and highways, told the severity of the visitation. Many old colonists, indeed, declared it to bo the most oppressive day they had ever expe rienced in Victoria, hardly excepting even that terrible day in our annals, Black Thursday and this can scarcely be said to be an exaggera tion, seeing that the thermometer measured 114 0 in the shade. The overpowering heat of the day was no doubt aggravated by the extensive bush fires raging over a wide expanse of country over which the wind blew. About three o’clock the wind changed suddenly to the east, and a dust hurricane arose such as has been rarely witnessed. The air was darkened with thick clouds of dust carried with terrific force by the gale, which carried branches of trees and the timbers of houses through the air with impetuous velocity. Shops, dwelling-houses, and all kinds of habitations, suffered alike, and wherever it was possible for the dust to enter it did so, leav ing everything buried beneath deep strata. Be tween five and six o’clock the atmosphere cooled down considerably, and by nightfall the storm of the day was succeeded by very vivid lightning and far rolling thunder. A few showers fell in the course of the evenimr, and the new year was ushered in by a copious fall. A wide range of country has been visited for the last day or two by bush fires of rare extent and severity. Nearly the whole line of country between Melbourne and Castleraaine was on Tuesday and Wednesday on fire. The same may be said of the country between this and Ballaarat. A traveller by the train on Wednesday from the last mentioned town describes the country from the first station on the line out of Ballaarat, down for some distance past Lethbridge, as one sea of flame, which in the night ride was of surpassing grandeur. The fire came up to the railway fence, but on one side only—that on the south, or sea side. As the train approached Geelong, much apprehension was entertained by some of the passengers that the fire had extended to some of their homesteads, on the Earrabool Hills; but this, fortunately, on a nearer ap proach, was found to be groundless. The heat of the wayside conflagration was described to us as intense. Tuesday, at Ballaarat, was a day of fierce heat, and bush fires spread in all direc tions, There was a very extensive conflagration to the north of Mount Buninyong, which abated towards the evening. Further to the north again the columns of dark smoke were very numerous, and in the Browns quarter the sky was quite overcast. A fire raged also on the Black Hill,Scara dale ; and the bush was also on fireon the Dividing Range, between Mr M'Gie’s saw mills and Smythesdale. A tremendous bush fire also occurred at Fryers’ Creek. A telegram describes the con - flagration around Mount Blackwood, and intelli gence of fires of lesser magnitude comes from many other districts. Altogether there is quite enough in these far extended flames to justify the opinion that the terrible heat of Wednesday was due, in some measure, to the up-country bush fires. Works descriptive of the interior of Australia are likely to be plentitul enough soon. In addi tion to the diaries of the explorers themaelves, we are to have historical and descriptive narratives. Dr. Murray, who accompanied Howitt’s party, intends publishing a volume descriptive of the country traversed by the expedition ,• and Mr James Smith has in preparation a work on Austra lian Exploration, which he will get published in England, where, we understand, he intends to proceed in the course of a week or two. Bumor says Mr Smith's mission to England has also something to do with the Emigration Agency business. At the usual meeting of the Council of the Ac climatisation Society, held on Tuesday, present Dr Black, Professor M‘Coy, Messrs Godfrey, Wilson, Smith, Chambers, and Griffiths, a letter was read from the Town Clerk of Sandhurst, covering a cheque for £lO, on behalf of the Muni cipal Council, for the purchase of English song birds. This the secretary was directed to ac knowledge, and to reply that at present there were no birds available for this purpose, but that some were shortly expected. A letter was read from Captain Godfrey, thanking the Council for their kindness in electing him an honorary mem ber of the Society. The Secretary stated that he had been informed by Mr Sayce that the Ligurian bees were doing well, and their ultimate success was confidently anticipated. The superintendent reported that a nest of Californian quails and a nest of ortolans had been let off at the Botanic Gardens, and that the sparrows had commenced to build and lay in the aviary; also that two fawns of the fallow deer had been dropped, thus making a clear increase of seven this season. The Council acknowledged the receipt of one kangaroo from Dr Macdonald of Horsham; one quail from Mr Chancellor of Hotham two Mur ray turtles from Mr Wilson of Queen street; and one crane from Mr Powell of Prahran. The champion ten of the Victorian riflemen 1 having «ent a challenge to the CaHilomaine, Sand hurst, and Ballaarat riflemen to fire a match wiih them, nnci the same haring been accepted, a meeting of the "Ten." has been held to consider the acceptance of the challenge which was con tained in a letter from Lieut,-Colonel Bull, It was decided that the match should take place on ground that both sides were unac customed to, and Geelong was fixed upon as the best place. Seven rounds are to be fired at each distance, and the challenged are to be at liberty to fix the day of the match. Four of the challenged party are to be selected from the Cas tleroatne Rifles, three from Sandhurst, and three from Baliaarat, Frost has retired, and their places ore occupied by M'Clure and Fellow. Captain Radcliffe, Templeton, Wright, Paterson.' M'Ewen, Cole, M'Naughten, and Douglas make up the Champion ten. 