BLACK MONDAY. Monday, February 27,1865-hereafter to be 8tjled "Black Monday" In the annals of Victoria-was a day which will not soon pass from the memory of those who endured its terrible weather. The sun rose sullenly, and its aspect threatened nncomfortablo onao quenceB. This was no deception; for the day had eparcely set in when began a fierce sirocco wind from the north-north-west, ex- ceeding in its wild velocity and over- powering heat the experience of the iost fourteen years. It was felt in nearly equal degree all over the country. Awful bush-fires speedily commenced, and in Mel- bourne the heavy smoke filled tho city like a thick fog. It brought this relief, that we had not the " furnace of tho light " striking up ogainst the " blinding walls." That, how- ever, was a small mitigation of what we had to endure. The blasts, which came with the force of a hurricane, wera as though they had left the mouth of an oven. The dust filled up every itrinkle of one's clothes and every pore of one's skin. The streets were walked ia suffering, and it was impossible to see through many jurds ahead. Breathing becirae diffi- cult, and except in spacious thick- walled homes, whose inhabitants had closed every window and door betimes, a Bense of prostra- tion prevailed. The wheels of trade of course did not stop, but they were clogged, and went heavily, and the gloomy atmosphere and semi- opaque sky forboded that the wholo country was on fire, a prognostication nearly warranted by tho circumstancje. It was re- markable', however, that in the shade in Mel- bourne the thermometer only stood at 98° 60'. Such weather could not last, and just before five p m. came the welcome relief of a sudden change of wind to the cool south and A slight fall of rain, which, however, left tho atmosphere etilt sultry indoors. Night brought telegrams telling fearful tali» of the devasta- tion in the countiy. At Ballarat the heat reached 99°, and bush fires raged from Spring-hill and Lsarmonth to tho birder of Bullarook Forest. From Geelong tj Ballarat was nearly a line of fire, and numerous houses, fences, and crops were eithor burnt up or with difficulty saved. In the couniry round Daylesford Bimilar disasters occjrred. Rid- dell and Tredennick's large Baw-mills were saved with extreme difficulty ; but many huts were burnt, and the coaches on the roed were hardly driven through the lines of burning timber. More directly north of Melbourne, where tho Black Forest stretches over tuch a vast extent of oountry, mutteis were even woree, and a striking pic- ture of the train passing between Taralale and Elphinstone, the flames curling within a few yards of the carriages and destroying even the railway fenco, published in ona of our illustrated monthly journals-the Illus trattd Post -gives but a simply truthful Idea of tho scene. At Sandhurst tho thermo- meter in tho shade stood at 105°, the heat of the nun was consuming, atid tho hot blast nnd heavily-charged ul raofplnro suffocating. Mr. W. Lockhart Morton, an experienced Australian traveller, has described tho countiy bitweon the Cam- paspe and Sandhurst as nearly all ablaz;, " Between Sandhurst and C.istlemalno," he said, " tho Alexandriue range aud Mount Alexander itself presented a magnificent spectacle. Tho grass had boen all consumed, and millions of burning trees and logi wore seen over tho whole face of tho hills." At night, though the wind had changed, the dark canopy of the clouds wes lit up with a lurid glare. The large argicultur?i district of Kyneton was perhapi the mott heavily visited, and a liât of (be homesteads, growing crops, staclcs. barns full of produce, and feuciog destioyed filled nenrly a column of this journal, and was then very far fiom complete. Accounts of nearly equal desolation reached us from Mount Moriac, Talbot, Newstead, and, indeod, nearly every part of the colony. Had tho hot-wind not been stayed, tho losses now computed by fifties of thousands of pounds would have reached to half a million, for the prompt and unromilting efforts to eave proporty woald then have been unavailing. Steps have been taken for the relief of tho sufferers. Parliament has boon already rnked for £60,000 to help tho moro completely desti- tute, and the colony is being oanvansed for subscriptions in nid of tho Kyneton farmers, wLo were the worst off of all. In each of tho moro heavlly-vinited districts local efforts are beiug made for the relief of tho many who have been ruined. 