AJiARMING BUSH FIBES. The hot winds which prevailed in Melbourne, on Monday, appear to have been prevalent throaghout the colony, and bush fires, which proved more than usually destructive, seem also to have been of very general occurrence. We take the fol lowing particulars from our country contem poraries : — ? ? ? ' ? BALLAARAT. The fiercest hot wind day of the season occurred on Monday, and by the the middle of the day the whole air was charged with dust, which the gales from the north drifted violently into every cranny and crevice. What with dust and smoke, the hori zoa'was scarcely visible at all, and frequently it was entirely hidden, while the hot blasts and stifl ing dust kept the streets clear of all but those per sons who' were compelled to be about town. At about four p.m. the wind veered round to the south ward, and with a cooler air there came also slight showers of rain. About midday the thermometer . kept at the District Survey Office showed 99 deg. in the shade. By telegram from Sandhurst it will be seen that there the thermometer showed 106 deg. in the shade, and that the place was surrounded wiitifires^ By telegram also we find that Dayles ford .was similarly situated, and there was great ex citement to prevent the destruction of Kiddell and Tredenniok's- steam saw-mills in Bullarook Forest. — Star, February 28. Full particulars have not yet reached us of the damage done by the destructive fire which broke out on Monday on the run belonging to Messrs Lear month. All the grass has been destroyed, and, as has been reported, about three thousand sheep, be sides fences and other property. We hope the rumor about the sheep' is an exaggeration. On Mondaybush fires were raging fiercely in the parish of Cardigan, in almost every direction, and but for the praiseworthy and energetic assistance of a number of miners from Bunker's Hill, who worked hard until ten p.m. to extinguish the flames, the property of Mr Thomas Lloyd, and that of several other residents, would have been totally destroyed. A fire lighted by Mr Ivey on Monday, at Glen donald, for the purpose of stubble burning, is said to have. been the cause of two stacks of wheat, contain ing about 1300 bushels, belonging to Mr Charleson, being destroyed, besides a lot of his fencing as also the fences of Messrs Pearcy and Rickey. A fire which started in Crevena'a paddock, at Spring Hill, on Monday, caused the destruction of about 40 chains of fenoing belonging to Mr Coffey. The fire spread to Mr Trethowen's property, but was then stopped through the exertions of the neighbors. The fire in ' Bullarook Forest had by midnight on Sunday reached close to Messrs Clark's saw mills, and the firm' immediately put on forty men to guard the premises from the incursions of the flames. Their efforts were, attended with success. The large building on the Buninyong road, known as the Grammar School, was' nearly destroyed on Monday. It was only saved, by the vigorous exertions of about forty men, who turned out from the neighborhood, aud beat down the -flames, whioh were fast spreading over the grass close to the building. Many of the young trees which line the, road in this part were also ignited and partially destroyed. The fire ex tended for some distance along the ranges oh both sides of the road, and no doubt; had it not been for the timely fall of rain in the evening, it would have caused a considerable amount of damage. — jBal- laardt.Star, March 1. .-;?. . ' LEABMONTH. The Learmonth district has again been the scene of extensive fires. On Sunday night two stacks of oats, on the farm occupied by Mrs Hynes, atErcil doun-.were discovered to. be on fire. The stacks were situated- fully, a quarter of a mile from the road and every precaution as/ to ploughing around them . for the purpose of protecting them from fire had been attended to. There is every reason to sus pect that the fire was the act of. an incendiary. About one thousand bushels of grain were de stroyed. The Learmonth police are in active-search for information which will lead to the deteotion of the incendiary. On Monday, a fire occurred on the run of the Messrs Learmonth. Several constables who were in attendance at the Learmonth police court, when the fire broke forth, were sent off to the scene of conflagration. Particulars had not been received when the mail left LSarmonth, but from the appearance of matters from the township, there is reason, to fear that all the grass upon the run has been destroyed , and probably buildings as well . Mr Vaughan, Happy Valley; has had a stack of wheat believed to contain 3000 bushels, completely des troyed.- Mr Hblgato, of Mount Bolton, has had the whole of his fences and grass (that is all' that escaped a fire on Thursday last) completely des troyed. A butcher named Smith, at Mount Bolton, had his place on fire, and with difficulty saved his dwelling house alone. His outhouses were all con sumed, and some pigs were aotually roasted alive. At Burrumbeet, among the farms held under the Messrs Learmonth, much damage has been done by fire, but we had not received any particulars at a late hour last night. On Mr Robertson's run, Burn bank, there was also a great, and it is feared des tructive, fire. On Monday, too, a large portion of the country at Smeaton, between the Three Castles Hotel and Smeaton Hotel, was on fire. The flames also extended to Kingston, and much property has been. consumed. The Smeaton Hotel and the large etook of liquors, &c;, contained therein (valued at about £800) was, notwithstanding the utmost exertions of fifty men, utterly destroyed. There was .also consumed a staok of oats and another of hay (worth about £200), belonging to Mr Andrew Mather. A farmer at Glendonald has had three sta.oks destroyed. A number of persons at Spring Gaily have boon burned out. Coffey's grass pad dock at Spring Hill has been burned up. A farmer, named Flanagan, at Birch's Creek, has had a good deal of property destroyed. Large fires are burn ing near Mount Prospect, near the Deep Creek; also in Bullarook. The stocks of grain and dwel- linghouse of Mr Adam Broomfield, junior, at Bulla- rook, as also the stacks and dwelling of Mr John Ray, have been burned. There was a large fire at Scrub Hill. Hundreds of acres on the ranges, be tween Ballaarat and Buninyong, have been on fire during the day, and are still burning. Passengers by the night train from Melbourne, last evening, reported to us that tho bush was ia flames from Warrenkeip to JLal Lai ; that a groat many cattle bad bean destroyed, and many more, appalled by the ' flames, were running madly about in all directions, —Star, February 28. , BENDIGO. . . . . Yesterday in Sandhurst was the hottest, the dus tiest, the most miserable, and the most unbearable day we have had, not only this season, but for many seasons previous. Early in the day a fierce hot wind commenced to blow, driving an atmosphere like the blast from a furnace in the face of any one who had to go into the street. While scorching the unfortunate foot passengers with its heated breath, the wind was strong enough to lift that horrible road mixture of the town clerk's from the surface of the streets, and, in addition to being half scorched by the hot wind, one was totally blinded by the clauds of dust. Between two and three o'clock tho thermometer marked 105 degrees in the shade in Pall Mall, while about that lime large bush fires were observed in nearly every direction around Sandhurst. The glare from the bush fires was dis tinctly visible on the horizon round. about the town. A large fire, which appeared to be burning in the direction of the Upper Sheepwash; threw up a reflection which led ? many to believe that a large fire was consuming ? some of the houses situated in the southern portion of Sand hurst; while another large fire, to the eastward, also illuminated the Bky in that direction. Yester day, it may be stated, was one of Saxby's days — or, rather, followed closely one of his days — on which was predicted an atmospherical disturbance. About nine o'clock a perceptible change to a cooler atmos phere took place, and, after one or two threatening showers, the rain commenced to. come down with considerable force until about eleven o'clock, when it ceased. The gale did considerable damage amongst frail buildings. Between twelve and one o'clock the gale seemed to be blowing its hardest, and at that time the roof of Jones's brewery, M'Crae street, was blown off. The iron roof and verandah of Mr Savern's dwelling, Bernal street, was also carried away by the wind. Oae of the front win dows of the Mechanics' Institute was blown in, and fell on a beautiful specimen of coral in a glass case, both of which were smashed, the damage done being estimated at £6. In other places the roofs of houses not firmly fixed were also lifted up by the strong . gusts of wind. The bush fires which were burning during the day in every direction around Sandhurst, were unprecedented in ; ihe memory of the oldest resident of the district. To the southward, in the direction of the Upper Sheepwash, and. between that and Mount Alexander, the immense volumes of smoke in the day time, and the red glare at night, indicated that an extensive bush fire was burning, while .in a souih-easterly direction similar appearances told of the progress of fire in that direction. One just beyond the One Tree hill, at the Sheepwash, burnt .fiercely last night, and another apparently between the Axe arid the Campaspe seemed extensive though further off. We are informed by a gentleman who arrived from Echuca by the evening train, that the whole of the bush in the neighborhood of Goornong, and indeed on both sides of the line from RNunny mede to the latter-named place, was burning fiercely. In the direction of Huntly, and between there and the Whipstick, there were bushfires. Away towards Myers's Flat immense bodies of smoke and flames were to be seen throughout the day, and . again in the direction of Bullock Creek and Lockwood there were extensive fires. To the north-eaBt a large fire was also visible last evening, but at a great distance off. The appear ance of the horizon around Sandhurst last night before the rain began to fallwas remarkable ; for in every direction fires lit up the dark canopy of clouds with a lurid glare. We have not heard whether any damage to property has been caused in the vicinity of Sandhurst, but we fear that such extensive conflagrations must have involved valuable property to a considerable extent. Those who were in the colony on Black Thursday must have been struck with the similarity of yesterday to that me morable day. There was the same fierce, rushing, hot, north wind, the sky and the surrounding land scape obscured by the smoke of innumerable fires and the dust, and at night the -grateful change of a cool breeze from the south with refreshing showers. On the arrival of the train, last night, from Mel bourne, we were informed by a gentleman who was a passenger by the train that on both sides of the line, all the way from Woodend, the bush was blaz ing, fiercely. On every side of Mount Macedon, the timber, large and small, was on fire, producing a spectacle of magnificence and terror. In the locality of Taradale,,fElphinstone and Mount Alexander, the whole country appeared to be one mass of fire. While the train was stopping a few minutes at Lancefield, it was stated that two or three valuable farms had been consumed by the fires, which had caught the growing crops and extended to the home steads. — Advertiser, February 28. It would require a larger space than that whioh cari be allotted in the columns of a daily newspaper in which to chroniole the numerous and terrible dis asters which ocourredby the bush fires that sur rounded this district on Monday and Monday night. In answer to the inquiries which were made in the course of yesterdsy came accounts of ruin and devas tation from every quarter of the district. From Mount Alexander to. tho Campaspe, along that side of the country, and from Bullock Creek to the Whip stiok on the other, the fires ranged in a greater or lesser degree. An informant, who arrived in Sand hurst yesterday from the neighborhood of Mount Alexander, states that the fire first Bhowed on the eastern side of the mount, about eleven o'clock in the day, and in a few hours had extended some eight or ten miles ; no exertion whioh the settlers, who had farms in its track, could make was sufficient to arrest its progress the flames, it is stated, flew along with as great velocity as a galloping horse. Many portions of that locality consisted of scrubby bush and long grass, which fed the flames as they roared along. We have been unable to ascertain the exaot losses sustained but it is stated that as many as twenty homesteads, with crops, and everything they contained, have been totally destroyed, and their owners rendered homeless. The homesteads, of Mr Kelon and Mr M'Lennan were amongst tho number. The large paddock of Mr Jamieson and the Mount Alexander paddook have had every blade of grass and stick of timber burned off. The large fire whioh was observed to the south of Sandhurst at night has burned a tract of country from eight to ten miles in extent. The greatest destruction ap pears to have been caused to the homesteads on the Emu and Myrtle Creeks. On tho former, the large farm, of Mr Michael Brennan has been consumed, with the exception of tho house, which, by great exertion, was saved. All the crops, hay and corn, ?which had only just been stacked, fell a prey to the flames, the loss being estimated at about £500. Mr Brennan's next neighbor, Mr Osborn, also had his stacked crops totally destroyed. On the farms of Mr Tobin and of Mr Howard, situated lower- down the creek, the fire was' carried beyond the fences, despite the efforts of the people, who were trying to drive it back, and caused considerable destruction' to the stacks. At the Sheopwash, although the fire was burning with equal fierceness in the bush, it caused less destrnction to the crops of tho settlers. Messrs Goudge and' Sibley's extensive premises, on the Sheepwash Creek, had a very narrow escape, the flames, in more than one instance, penetrating be yond the fences ; but, by the unceasing exertions of the men engaged in cutting away the burning tim ber, and the plentiful use of water, the place was saved. At Lockwood and Bullock Creek, although no authentic information of any destruction has been yet received, we believe that the homesteads and farms of several of the small settlers have suffered. The fire at one period of the evening of Monday was so close to the fence of the police paddock at Lockwood that the constable in charge got out the horses and made other preparations for removal. The property of Judge Skinner had a second narrow escape. The bush fire which occurred near Bullock Creek some few days previously, destroyed between two and three hundred acres of the grass in his Honor's paddock. Between the Whipstick and Lower Huntly the fire travelled, we are informed, with great rapidity, but fortunately without meeting with anything more -valuable than the bush timber.' The forgoing account contains we fully believe only a tithe of the fire of Monday. The long-continued drought had caused the crops in the district to be less plentiful, and the grass to be scarcer than has been experienced for some season past ; but the de vastation caused by the fire, and especially to the grass, has produced still more disastrous evils that will be felt by many for some time to come. Late last evening, we received information that thebusli fires which had raged furiously on the previous day along the railway line, had, in most places, been ex tinguished by the smart shower of rain which fell. On Mount Macedon a number of stumps and logs were still smouldering, and should any fierce winds arise, this would, no doubt, set the mountain in a blaze again. It is stated that two saw mills have been destroyed on the mountain. At Har-' court the bush still continues to bHrn. The following communication, which we received lost night from a resident at the Emu Creek, gives a painful history of the disasters there :— ' I hasten to inform you of a few particulars of the losses oc casioned by one of the most extensive bush fires that has ever happened in the district of Bendigo. As you are aware, we have been for some time sur rounded with the fiery element, which has raged with fury, defying the joint efforts of the ' settlers to subdue it. It broke out yesterday with all the in tensity and appearance of a burning fiery furnace, carrying consternation and ruin in its progress, and at night the sight was one terrible to behold, the trees, in burning masses, casting their lurid glare around, and then the loud thundering crash of their falling was enough to make a man tremble for his safety. The sight of the burning stacks of wheat, oats, hay, and dwellings of one's neighbors brought the tears from many an eye, knowing the sorrow and distress which invariably follows such unforeseen calamities ; and, sir, you may judge of my feelings, whilst I have been so signally pre served, to find my rich neighbors caring for the loss and ruin of those rendered houseless and helpless, by coming forward to suggest a meeting at the Emu Creek school house, to-morrow evening (Wednes day) to alleviate the distress of the unfortunate, and whilst my friend, Mr Brennan, though a sufferer to tho extent of some £500, when asked, generously exclaimed, ' I am not stuck for a pound, but do all you can for Mr Osborne, and others that need it,' shows at once the manliness of character under such painful circumstances, and recommends self abnegation' to others.'— Bendigo Advertiser, March 1. OASTLEMAINE. Yesterday was by far the most oppressive and disagreeable day that has been experienced during the present season — perhaps, indeed, for several years past. A hot wind was blowing violently and scorchingly for many hours, and the clouds of dust that were driren through the streets were quite enough to suffocate and blind pedestrians. The thermometer was at fever heat in the shade, and we are afraid to make an estimate of its register when exposed to tho. sun's rays. Nunc est bibendumwaB the common motto, arid this is not to be wondered at, for certainly we have seldom— even in this colony — experienced so intensely the thirsty effects of a genuine hot wind. Towards evening' the sky became overcast, the wind veering round, and, at the time we write, rain had commenced to fall. The terrible heat of yesiferday is accounted for to a great extent by tho occurrence of very large bush fires in the vioiuity, and at a comparative distance from Castlemaine. A gentleman who came up by the train informs us that, on either side of the railway from Taradale to Moonlight Flat and the mount, the whole country was in a complete blaze. Two miles in length of the railway fencing between Taradale and Elphinstone has been entirely consumed, and it was rumored that the property of Mr Hull, C.E., had also been completely destroyed. Our informant states that the farm of Mr Reynolds, of Taradale, together with valuable stack9 of hay, have been reduced to ashes, and that Mr Urquhart's plaoe narrowly escaped the power of the devastating element. The scone, as witnessed from tho railway cars, is described as being grand in the extreme. Lofty trees were all in flames, looking in the dis tance like huge candelabra. The smoke was intole rable, and travellers by the trains were glad to shut the windows to keep the nuisance out. Speaking of bush fires in the neighborhood of Taradale, a correspondent writes : — ' This (Monday) afternoon, the inhabitants of Taradale were terrified by the approaoh of fire towards the township. The fire-bell was rung, and the inhabitants turned out en masse. The mayor, Messrs Jansen, Graham, Wilson, and other of the principal men of the town directed the efforts of the men in extinguishing the fire. The whole country north and west of Tara dale, appeared in one sheet of flame, and the sky was filled with smoke. The fire seemed to have come from the direction of Mount Alexander, con suming everything in its course. It is asserted that Messrs Hull, Reynolds, and Gillespie have suffered severe losses, and that tho estate of F.rog niore has been almost wholly destroyed. Tho fire towards nightfall presented a magnificent spectacle.' From another source, we learn that the farm of Mr M'Clellan, in tho line of fire near tho Junction, narrowly escaped destruction. As it was, two stacks of hay of two tons eaoh were burned. At this place the fire wa3 about one mile in width, and other large farms in the vicinity were placed in great jeopardy. Looking in the direction ofj Hoathcoto, there ia every probability that the bush fire has also oommitted great ravages in that quarter. At present it is impossible to estimate accurately the extent of the damage done, but it must be very considerable. At night, Castlemaine was surrounded with a zone of flame, or rather the reflection of burning timber, and the atmosphere was most oppressive and'un breathable. There is no doubt that considerable damage has resulted from these fires. Since the above was written we have heard that about eighteen homesteads, lying between the mount and the^ Junction,' have been totally destroyed. Mr Dainty and Mr White have been considerable losera by the fire, and it is reported that the child of Mr Thomas was burned in the flames. A valuable racehorse was also killed. We give these additional particulars .exactly as they reached us at a late hour last night.— M. A. Mail, February 28. We are sorry to say that the report we published yesterday with reference to the destructive effects of the bush fires surrounding Castlemaine throughout ' the day is not only without exaggeration, but that the damage occasioned has been far in excess of what we anticipated. The rumor touching the death, by burning, of Mr Thomas's child has not been confirmed ; and we have reason to believe that it is untrue — all of us at least must hope so. -It is reported that two charcoal-burners lost their lives in an endeavor to escape from the flames ; but this statement also has not been authenticated. We have learned that amounted trooper riding from Harcourt to Castlemaine had a narrow escape of his life. The fire had extended across the beaten track, and the horse shied and for some time refused to face the flames. The trooper at length ' rushed him through,' and, in doing this, sacrificed a por tion of his whiskers, his jumper being also scorched into inutility. No definite opinion- is yet given as to the cause of the conflagration, but it has been suggested that it arose in consequence of some persons engaged in getting bark allowing their camp fire to spread while they were at work. It seems most likely that the fire commenced at or near Harcourt, and. that the wind fanned ..its southern progress. At Taradale considerable damage was done, notwithstanding the efforts of the towns people. Among other casualties, it is mentioned that Mr Austin, solicitor, had the whole of his pro perty consumed, but this statement is not yet con- - firmed. So far as we have been able to colleot in formation, we believe that the farmers of Faraday have sustained the principal losses. Mr Dainty, dairyman, had the whole of his property consumed. A quantity of oats, wheat, hay and peas was de stroyed, to the value of about £200. His house and furniture were entirely lost, together, with the stable, pigsties, outbuildings and fencing, to say nothing of the grass, which is so necessary for the . carrying on of his business. Mr Dainty is a mar ried man, with seven children, and he has been ? stripped of everthing he possesses, with the excep tion of his cows, which of course are now wandering at the mercy of neighbors and the poundkeeper. He estimates his loss at about £500 ; and, with the exception of a small underground dairy, he has . no place to shelter his family, who have been de prived of all their bedding and olothing. Mr White also sustained severe _ loss. His paddocks and fencing were, burned up, or down — which- ever expression is most applicable. Twelve tons of hay were consumed, : and a valuable horse, then standing in. Mr Dainty's stable, was roasted with saddle and bridle. He estimates his loss at £200. Mr Kellow, who seems to have been the greatest sufferer, had the whole of his property (valued at £600) consumed — crops, grass, fencing, carts, and, in fact, all the appliances of a well ordered farm, were obliterated in the general conflagration. Mr Waite was also burned, out of house and home, and his loss is stated as about £150. Mr M'Clellan sustained injury to the extent of £100, and Mr Kennedy lost all he possessed, which, .we under stand, implies a loss of £100. An equal amount of property was consumed on the farm- of Mr Ebbott; and Mr Bogle, who had some valuable agricultural machines destroyed, together with a quantity of ? ? straw, cannot have come off under a penalty of less than £150. Mr Thomas .has been among the prin oipal sufferers. His crops, house and vineyard were completely destroyed, and the value of the property is set down at over £200. ' Mr Joby's house hay and paddocks were also reduced to a mere mass of ruins, and in this case the loss is estimated at £150. Mr Bennett was burned out entirely, the value of , Ms property consumed by the fire being reckoned at not less than £300. The paddocks and hay stacks of Messrs Medoalf and Eastman were consumed, and they will suffer a loss of about £100 by the disaster. The paddocks and stockyards of Mr Patterson (mayor of Chewton) suffered damage to the extent of £100, and M'CleVan, senior, lost all his property to the value of £200. Mr Ellery suf fered a heavy loss by th& burning of his crops and fencing, but his house was fortunately saved through the exertions of his wife and daughter, the latter being repeatedly on fire in her exertions to stay the progress of the flames. We have heard that Mr Jamieson's large paddocks, of about 2000 acres, with the- fencing were entirely destroyed, bat the assertion has not been positively affirmed. The fences on the farms of Messrs M'Mahon and Beau mont have been destroyed, but we believe in both of these cases the crops and bnildiDgs were saved. The above are the fullest particulars we have been able to collect, but there is every reason to suppose that the injury sustained by the farmers and othors is considerably above what we have recorded. Un der any circumstances it is a terrible visitation, and we trust that tho public of the district will take steps to alleviate the sufferings of those who have been rendered houseless by this frightfnl calamity. —M.A.Mail, March 1. NEWSTEAD. Newstead was yesterday surrounded by bush fires, and many of the inhabitants are apprehensive for tho safety of the town. As a girl was washing in Marsdon's yard, sparks from a fire lighted outside flew on to a dry dung heap, the straw immediately ignited, and had it not. been for the strenuous exer tions of a score of men, several of the houses would most probably have been consumod. Tho bush fire on the range near tho Bridge Inn was, at three o'clock, towering yards high. Some horses, startled by the blaze and smoke, broke away, and tho resi dents were in a state of excitement and dread. — M. A. Mail, February 28. MOUNT 1IORIAC. Mount Moriao was yesterday the scene of a con flagration that will bo remembered for some time by many of the inhabitants of the distriot. It was a road board day, and during the sitting, the alarm was given that the whole mount was on fire. The board at onoe adjourned, and. eaoh member eallied forth armed with a sack, the bough of a tree, or anything that came first, in fact, to hand, and pi'e vented the fire crossing the Mill road, in which case a largo quantity of easily combustible property' would have fallen a prey to the flames. From about ? a hundred yards from the board office some idea might be formed of the extent 'and rapid progress of the fire. In front, on top of the mount, a portion of Mr Tindale's vineyard was on fire, but .the vines, from the moisture in them, offered a check to the flames which were spreading over a field of long grass, and here and there portions of the vineyard fence might be seen burning. Below the vine yard, at the foot of the mount, was Mr Eiche's homestead, and as the wind was blowing fiercely in this direction, the whole of the buildings seemed inevitably doomed to destruction. Just as the fire apprdaohed the homestead, however, the wind sud denly veered round, and with the gust the fire Bwept round the corner of. Riche's farm, leaving the homestead uninjured. On it came, curling and crackling through the long stubble, towards the Mill road, igniting alargestackof straw, and'coming right up to the woodwork of the small chapel used by the Bible- Christians. From ten to twenty men here worked energetically to beat the fire down, and by dint of great energy the chapel was saved, but the smoke was so dense that the men were fairly prostrated by the suffocating vapor. In the mean time the fire was rapidly rolling onward to the right in the direction of the Barrabools. A man named Mahpney had only threshed out his wheat on Sa turday, and had some two or three hundrad bushels on the ground, the whole of this and nearly the entire homestead were consumed In almost less time than it takes to write it. Mulligan's farm buildings fell next, the house escaping almost by a miracle. On it went till it reached the hollow in the Mill Road, where Reuben Clarke's house was situated, there was no time to remove anything, the dry weatherboards seemed to lick up the flames, till the whole was, in a minute or two, in a blaze. Far away to the right, as now and then the wind partially; cleared the atmosphere of the dense smoke, bodies of fire were distinctly visible as of burning braidings or stacks. A splitter saw, at some distance, his hut, in which he had left his wife and child; in flames, and he took the first horse he could get and rode to them through fire and smoke, so fierce and suffocating at times that it was dangerous to approach it. The L ' . damage done is far greater than can at present be estimated, for it was only from what could be dis tinctly seen at a distance that our account is penned, and the fire appeared to be spreading with consi ? derable rapidity. It appears that on Saturday a fire was kindled by some splitters on the mount, and it is probable, therefore, that yesterday's disastrous conflagration wa3 owing to the embers then left \- smouldering. — Qeelong Advertiser, February 28. , TERRIBLE CONFLAGRATION AT KYNETON. The bush fires that have been raging in this district during the,, last few days have .gained in in tensity day by day. Miles of bush country have , had to yield to the devouring element, and in many cases farms and grass paddocks have been one after the other destroyed. Between Carlsruhe and Kyne ton, towards the Bald Hill, a large fire has been raging for more than a week, and yesterday and Sunday it increased in intensity, sweeping away farms and. homesteadsdn its relentless path. Yes terday, between ten and eleven o'clock, the fire swept across the paddock of Mr Argyle, and attacked the fences of Mr HaUiday, : whose farm is just verging on the township. Sweeping across the farm, the flames quickly caught the outhouses; the hay stack; a stack of straw, stables, and everything except the dwelling-house itself were soon en veloped in fire.- The fire was seen from the township, and a large number of townspeople went : across to render what assistance was in their power, and they succeeded in saving the dwellinghouse, which was literally the only thing upon the farm that was not destroyed. A large stack of hay, supposed to weigh forty tons, a stack of straw, the stable, in which was the har ness, outhouses and barns were all destroyed. Four times the fire caught the dwellinghouse, but the number of those about succeeded in saving this from the pitiless tyrant. All the furniture, bed ding, &c;, had to be removed, and, of course, the removal, although executed as carefully as possi ble, irreparably injured it. The property, after the fire was somewhat subdued, presented a most deplorable aspect, the ground bare and black, stumps of trees still burning, and the house— a mere wreck— the only object above the level of the soil. A crop of potatoes facing the road was par tially, but not altogether destroyed. Mr Halliday, as is well known, has been bedridden for some time past, and it was with difficulty he could be per suaded to ? Bubmit to removal, so utterly unconscious was he of his danger. We regret to learn that none of the property was insured, so that, although we are not yet informed of the extent of his loss, we know it must be very severe. Sweeping along towards the pound, the fire next attacked the farm of Messrs Mills and M'Donald. Here the fire caught about three o'clock, and swept everything before it with the force of. a whirlwind, bidding defiance to any steps to stay its progress. The dwelling, outhouses, barns, &c;, two or three stacks of corn, and the entire produce, was completely burned down in an incredibly short space of time, .effectually prevent ing any efforts to save a portion of the farm produce or furnittfre. The next place that caught was that of Mr Crawford, and the same fierce rapidity charac terised the manner in which the fire destroyed his farm. Two stacks of com, outhouses, fencing, and, in fact, everything, except the animals, were destroyed. The next place to succumb ?was that of Mr Martin, popularly known is Rosemary Garden, and, without exception, this was — before destroyed by the fire — one of the finest gardens in this district. What was once the garden is now one burnt black patch of barferi soil, denuded of every vestige of cultiva tion. The buildings, outhouses, piggeries, &c;, are all destroyed, together with a quantity of oats and other produce. The farm of Mr G. Pell was the next to submit to the mastery of the devour ing element, and the same relentless fury which pre ? viously prevented anything being saved, also had effect here. Mr Pell's dwellinghouse, his barn; outhouses, two waggons, 4000 to 5000 bushels of grain, and tho entire crop of the season was des troyed. Next was that of Mr C. Pell, whose barn, Btable, and an immense quantity of oats, roughly computed at between 5000 or 6000 bushels, were destroyed. By irsu?.enso exertions on the part of those' about, the Smllinghouse was saved. Mr Darby's plaoe was 6Et ire almost simultaneously, and everything on thefej-a of this gentleman was com pletely destroyed, not R stick or vestige remain ing. Mr Yeaman's place was also on fire, but we are' not in a position to state the amount of destruction. The farms of Mr Gallagher and Mr Welsh caught, and their houses, stacks of hay and straw were all destroyed. It is of couree impossible as yet even to estimate the amount of damage that has been done by this fire, but it will be immense, and will cause the complete ruin of many hardworking, thriving families. The manner in which the fire originated is, of course, not known, nor is it ever likely to be, as it has now been burn ing, though within a more confined area, for. more than a week. Up to Saturday it had been princi pally confined to the grass lands, and it was not till yesterday it received such an impetus from addi tional fires, the extreme heat and strong wind. From an early hour yesterday morning the wind broke with extreme violence , and the heat — a hot wind blowing— became most intense. Many of the oldest residents in the district say that not even on the well- remembered ' Black Thursday' was the heat so intense as it was yesterday. The scene where the fire had been, as it swept in its onward course, was deplorable to witness. Miles of land that, a short time before, had presented all the evi dences of the highest cultivation, and on which were erected good and substantial dwellings, were no more than blackened and useless' forest- land, fences destroyed, and, in fact, every vestige of cultivation swept away. Whatever Black Thursday was, Monday, the 27th of February, 1865, will long be remembered as an evil and terrible day in' this district. Last night, as the sun went down, the pictnre presented was terribly grand— miles of country presenting a face of continued fire, with the flame creeping up and spitting forth from the top of the forest trees, reminding one more of a raging volcano than of what is ordinarily known as a bush fire. Where it will end, if rain does not quickly fall, it is impossible to predict, and we dread to think of' it. We have since heard that, in addition to those mentioned above, Mr Kearny's place took fire, as also that of Mr O'Brien adjoining,... and nearly everything on the two places was destroyed. Mr Kearny, who was confined to his bed, had to be carried out of his bed for fear the fire should catch it. A large stack of corn and other produce, be sides fencing, was destroyed on Mr Kearny's farnu It ij3 also rumored that Mr Govett's station has been devastated by the fire, and the home station, dwel- lings, &c;, completely swept away; but we are net aware -whether it be correct or not. There is little doubt ws shall hear of very much more destruc tion yet. We are glad to be able to state that, since the- above was in type, a smart shower of rain has. fallen, putting an end to further danger at present, but- the fires are still burning in patches, especially amid the trees. — Observer, February 28. The fire in Redesdale and Barford was a continu ation of a long flame from Mount Alexander. There were apparently two lines of fire in. the shape of a V, which came down Wedge Gully from Darlington's on one side, and Brickley's on the other, and formed in 'one at Tynan's farm, where the cowsheds, stockyards and a, large stack of paten straw, was burnt, but the house itself was saved. At William Miller, the slaughterman's, there is nothing left but the chimney of his house and the gallows upon which he hung the carcases of the bullocks. One of his losses is a spring cart he gave £26 for a fortnight ago. At Took's, a large quantity of oaten straw and a substantial new two-railed fence has been destroyed. Some . oats in' bags and the house were saved. At Laurence Cornell's, everything, with the exception of one box, was burnt,- inoluding house and furniture, seeds, oats &c.; Taylor saved his house by dis connecting . his stackyards, and sacrificing his fences. Thoniaa Connell has ' lost ' everything, house, stacks, oats ' and crops. James Coehrane has had three miles of. fencing burned, and un fortunately met with a . severe accident -himself. He was endeavoring to hunt some cattle out of a blazing poddock when he found himself surrounded by flames. He impelled his horse through, but it fell dead, and he had to disengage himself and run for a mile before he got shelter at the residence of Mr Wells, where he arrived dreadfully burnt about the ? face and chest. Dr. M'Millan, who happened to be in the neighborhood attending an accouchement case, attended on Mr Coehrane and dressed his burns, but we believe he is in a most dangerous condition. We understand the heat and flames were so great in Mitchell's lane that, although Dr. M'Millan was urgently wanted, he could not drive tip for about two hours and a half, but remained at the mouth of the lane waiting a favorable opportunity. At Barfold Mr Coehrane had two stacks of oats burnt. Ryan had his stack yard destroyed. M'Kinlay's house was roasted. It is a bluestone house, and there was a stack of forty tons of firewood in the rear, which would have effectually burned the house down had it been wooden. The hon. W. H. F. Mitchell's was saved by the exertions of his men, as was also Foster and Highmore's, through scorching round the premises, Holland and J. M. Watt are burned out — house and everything. Edward Martin has lost all but his house'. Twyford was completely burned out. In fact nearly all the Barfold farmers have loet heavily, and nothing would have saved Mr Rogers and the Dickenses, on Soldiers' Flat, but for the timely change in the wind and the rain that fell after seven o'clock. The fire in the Carlsruhe dis trict is supposed to have come from the neighbor hood of Argyle's paddock. It then spread to that of Mr J. G. Halliday, where it devoured everything but the house, which was only saved by the exer tions of a band of willing workmen from Kyneton. Whilst the stacks were burning the men could be Been from the streets of Kyneton, beating out tho flames around the house, Halliday's being only about a mile distant. Here great exertions were made, Sub-Inspector Green and Sergeant Babington were out rendering assistance, and Mr Hargreave drove over, and supplied the men at work with refreshments. The furniture was laid in a potato field, and old Mr Halliday, who is blind and infirm, was brought out of his bed and laid in a place of safety amid the green crops. The fire then attacked a small wheat stack at Nicolas Kearney's. Hero also the poor old man, who is supposed to be on his death-bed, was brought out and laid in the middle of the road, with a blanket round him, until the fire should Blacken. Towards the pound reserve, Crawford's (late Kemp's) was totally burnt out ; and further on, Gallagher met a similar fate. Henry Martin, of Rosemary Gardens, has lost his fruit trees, his dwelling-house and furniture, oats, &c;, and what was to him a source of livolihood as a market garden is now a blackened wilderness. Angus M'Donald has .also lost his crop in. stack. The Welshes have only Buffered the loss of aPme fencing, there being a large piece of- ploughed ground which prevented tho fire from, GtollagUer'ii -reaching them. Wm. Pell, sen., is a heavy sufferer. He had a most comfortable steading, with orchard, &c.; The apples and fruit are roasted upon the trees ; the pigs in their styes, and roast fowls are to be found in the ditches, and in one instance, we saw a poor dog that had been ?overcome by the smoke and burnt to death. The crop of Mr Wm. Pell and Mr Charles Pell was con sumed, consisting bf from 1200 to 1500 bushels of wheat and oats. Two waggons, barns, and all the farm implements have been destroyed, and we saw a dray full of the ironwork alone of the implements destroyed. Yesterday, . there were men busy in the ruins, shovelling out the damaged grain, and car rying it in buckets to be laid out in little heaps to the air, and we were pleased to see the Rev. Mr Vance taking part with the , others most; heartily, in a work that .was most laborious and dirty, giving practical proof of his . sympathy with a parishioner in a day of trial. ! William Darby, also on Bottomley's township, had. a barn and about 1000 bushels of grain destroyed, and two stacks containing a thousand more. His house and part of a stack of hay was saved. The fire was here kept frcnv Mr Campbell's Trio Farmr by a piece of fallow land in Darby's field, but the farm of Mr George Yeamans, serir., Mr T. M. Wallis's nursery, and Mr Grant's farm (late hon. F. Robert son's), greatly suffered. In the former the house was saved, but in the latter two, we believe, dwellinghouse followed stackyard. About f o-;ty splendid ten-year-old fruit trees of Mr Wallis were burnt within an inch or two of the ground. Mr Dryden and the Messrs Muntz are represented as being the principal sufferers at New ham and Woodend. The old mill of Mr Fitzsim mons, in the Devil's Hole, was said to be burnt down. Messrs Ross and Purton, and Mr! Samuel Sims have principally suffered at the Coliban, Mr Bower also losing some fencing. Messrs Ross and Purton have had a. total loss, except the dwelling house, but Mr Sims was insured for £150, but, of course, this is a rntere trifle to his Io3s of crops, reaping machine, chaff-cutter, &c.; From Knight's, on Spring Hill, to the common schpolhouse in Tyl den was one strip of flame. Ewing and Glenn's Store was seriously threatened, but escaped. Richard Fleming's two farms, Wm. Pickering, , George Wat son '(Drumshang), T. M'Closkey, Adams, Scott and Gobdfellow are the names of several of the parties who have lost heavily. It will take some time to approximate the entire loss in the ' district, but about £50,000 is not believed to be an outside calculation of the damages committed by this dreadful fire. — -Kyneton Guardian, March 1. TALBOT. The weather, yesterday, was .of a character that very few persons - residing in Talbot will readily forget. About eight o'clock in the morning, the previous night having been very sultry, the wind commenced- to blow from the north, and in the course of a few minutes its violence had increased to a hurricane. From half -past eight to four in the afternoon, the force of the wind was terrific. Im mense clouds of dust swept through the streets ob scuring everything. Bush fires burning,, all round the town, and the wind blowing like blasts from a furnace, gave to Talbot more the aspect of Pander monium. than of a fit residence for human beings. Of course, numbers of frail tenements were de stroyed by ttio fierce blasts. One house near Sault's Daisy Hill' Hotel was blown completely over, and very few buildings escaped without losing sheets of iron off their roofs. About four o'clock in the after noon some careless person*— a Chinaman it is reported —set fire to the Mount Greenock Plains, and in the course of a few minutes the whole of the grass, for a considerable distance, was consumed. At one time, when the fire, was spreading over the mount, the scene was magnificent. The fire ran with great speed through the long thick grass, and as the flames fringed the mount, the scene was grand indeed. Many cottages erected at the edge of the plain would have been destroyed but for the exer tions of a number of persons who left Talbot with a view to render assistance. Foremost amongst these in their exertions were Mr Walton, a member of the Talbot fire brigade, Mr Mann, of Talbot Flat, Mr Rowles's son, and a man in his father's employ. Many others, whose names we did not learn, also rendered such good assistance that the fire was ex tinguished before it could reach the cottagfte. But for their exertions, the damage done by the fire would have been considerable. As to the workings at the mount, the .fire spread as far as the All Na tions claim, when the miners turned out en masse, and stopped the progress of the flames in that direc tion. By an old resident in Talbot, who was in the colony on the celebrated Black Thursday, we are told. that the weather yesterday was more intensely hot than on that day ; it is certain that few of the residents in Talbot have experienced such weather. About five o'olock the wind chopped round to the south, and rain set in with every prospect of a con siderable fall during the night. If the fierce hot wind should bring us a copious supply of water, but very few people will be found to regret the in convenience they experienced for the few hours yesterday.— TaXbot Leader, February 28. DAYLESFOBD. Yesterday was a fearful day. Old colonists were reminded of the memorable event known as ' Black Thursday,' and 'new chums' had a vivid idea of that terrible disaster. The weather, which had been comparatively still and cool on Sunday, became sultry towards night, and before dawn was exceed ingly oppressive. Bush fires were burning in vari ous directions on Sunday evening, but the wind being moderate then no danger was apprehended from this source. Nothing indicated the change that was about to follow. Early yesterday a perfect gale Bet in from the north, and by midday had swelled' almost into a hurricane. Tho wind came at times in gusts that swept all before it, while clouds of dust that nearly blinded those exposed to their influence, swept over the township, and drove every one to seek shelter. The bush fires, too, that had been smouldering previously, burst out anew on every side. The air was soon so filled with smoke that the sun appeared to be undergoing a total eclipse. Dark masses of vapor rising here and there amidst the lighter haze that hung over the district, plainly showed that something more seri ous was going on than the ; ordinary destruc tion of . timber at this season, and, during the afternoon, accounts began to arrive of homesteads burnt down, and hairbreadth personal escapes. At six p.m., Mr Trodinniek, of the saw mills, arrived in post haste for tho assis tance of the fire brigade for tho preservation of the plant. Tho forest in that direction was in a blaze, and the flames pouring upwards like a cata ract toward^ tUe property, With coaunendablo alacrity the foreman got out the engine, and it waa hurried as fast as four horses could drag it to the mills. The driver of the Ballaarat stage reported - that Ray's farmhouse, at Mount Prospect, was totally destroyed, and Bloomfield's premises were burning when the. coach passed. ,The fire seemed to be coming from Hepburn's Lagoon. sIn the neighborhood of Looby's Hotel also, the buBh was burning fiercely. The owner of a team coming in from the Dry Diggings with a load of straw nar- ' rowly saved it and the horses by whipping them on, ? the road on each side being in a glow. A tremen dous fire was likewise observable somewhere in the vicinity of Yandoit, and must have done immense ' mischief .' Living . boughs and dead branches were i snapped off. the trees ;like twigs, and hurled a great - distance before .reaching the ground. In the town ship, comparatively little damage was done, the ; chief injury that we heard of being the unroofing of v, ? Mr Daly's — the late warden's house — on Wombat Hill. Mr- Bell, the solicitor, also had his '-.,]. dwelling endangered by the accidental light- ' ing of the grass on his allotment ; had had it not been for timely assistance of some per- .[' '. sons by, who extinguished the flames, it is pro- . bable that serious loss would have ensued. At six p.m. the wind chopped round' to the south,' and the smoke became thicker than ever. In fact, so dense was the veil that objects a few hundred yards off were invisible, and the township seemed on fire One curious fact was noticed — that numbers of large birds instinctively sought refuge in the trees on Wombat Hill, the highest point in the district. Since the above was written we have learned thafc the fences, stacks,. &c;, on O'Brien's farm at Lightwood Hill, have been destroyed and also ' those of Westwood's and Campbell's farms. ; Mackelroy's farm house, stacks, .&c;, were en tirely consumed. Mr O'Gonnell, who drove from' Castlemaine, yesterday, in .a buggy with his wife .: and children, had great difficulty in getting in ' safely, both sides of the road between Guildford ;. ' and Honey's store being on fire. It is probnble ; that the latter place was burned down before dark. : Mr Wm. Geo. Kart, the town clerk, left Malms- ; ? bury yesterday afternoon inabuggy and reported ;- the bush between Splitter's Flat and the German ',' Coffee House to be in a blaze— a distance of four v or five miles. About eight p.m. the ra\n began to ' ? ') ? fall, though we fear from the reflection on the' :; horizon that up to the time of our going to press -*? the flames had not been extinguished. — Daylesfwd ;'; Express, February 28. ; _ ,'?''[ 