. . MELBOURNE. NEWS. ( Araus 1 The most oppressive weather experienced during the present summer prevailed ou Monday: A fierce hot wind blew all the morning, the gusts being as r i unpleasant as furnace blasts, aud yet there was an almost entire absence of sunshine, and the ther mometer in the shade registered no more than 9S 0 . j i times, it was positively painful to walk along the streets of the city, aud it was impossible from the dust, to see a dozen yards in advance. The bushtires which raged during the day not far from Melbourne probably contributed to the overpower- ing" heat. Early in the evening the reflection of a great conflagration was observed iu the direction of Geelorig ; and accounts received in the course of the day show that there was quite a line of bush-fires be tween that town and Ballaarat. Our telegrams state that the .weather in the interior was far more severe than in Melbourne ; that bush-fires were in mnple'asant proximity to Ballaarat, Sandhurst, Daylesford, aud other towns ; that forests were a' blaze, and that homesteads had been destroyed. It is to be feared that within the next day or two we . shall have to publish a long list of losses. About five o'clock the wind changed ; a breeze arose from the' southward, aud later in the evening rain com menced falliug, and continued for some time. .During the gale iu the afternoon, the paddock knoWri as a portion of the Phoenix-park estate, Brunswick, became iguited, from some unexplained cause. Owing to the fact of a large body of men who were at work in the neighborhood repairing ini- , - mediately to the scene, with bags, &c.;, the fire was confined to the paddock. (Aqe-) We understand that Mr John Main, who has for several yeai-3 past conducted the East Mel bourne National School, with the utmost satisfac tion, to . parents and credit to himself, has been f ' appointed to the vacaut office of inspector of schools, (Herald.) Our readers will remember that on tbe 13th insfc., our new3 columns aunounced that a boy named John Phillips, the son of Mr Phillips, iron founder, Vic toria paride, "had been robbed on the previous Saturday at 1100a opposite the Sir J ohu Franklin hotel. by three men who took him up a right-of-way knocked him down, and stole £35 from him. The money he had just previously received from the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, for his father, a member of thg firm of Messrs Neville and Co. ironfounders, Victoria parade. For/some time it could not be ascertained who the ruffiaus were, but at last suspicion fell upon three well kuown thieves, who it was found had disap peared from town about the time of . the robbery. These .meu bear the names of Patrick Keenau, James Nolan, and James Traiuor. Warrants were sent to the up- country districts, where it was sup posed the fellows were located, and at length the metropolitan police received information that men auswering the description of the robbers were in the vicinity of Daylesford. On'Monday it was russored in town that the ruffians were in the city, and Detective Jennings met Nolan in a car in Nicholson street, driving - towards Collingwood. Detectives 1 M'Grath and Jennings immediately started in pursuit, aud followed their mau down Gertrude street into Smith street, when he jumped out of the . conveyance and ran towards Brunswick street. The race was now becoming quite exciting, as \- . several non-official persons joined in the chase. At length a butchers boy, who was very well . /mounted, succeeded in "rounding" Nolan, and ' eventually that worthy was run down in Napier street and conveyed to the watch-house. Detectives Jennings and Hudson proceeded to a house in Leicester street, North Melbourne, where they ar- 1 rested Traiuor and Keenau for the same offence. ' The officers deserve considerable praise for their . exertions in arrestiug this trio of scoundrels. ' A £ Incoxie Tax. — The 5. J/. Herald, iu a leading article, condemns the policy of raising revenue by an income tax in this colony (New South Wales). The writer argues that the re venue now raised would be sufficient to meet the ordinary expenditure, if the management of local works were left to local bodies. The article concludes as follows : — " We believe that the true solution of our fiscal and financial difficulties is to be found in the resolute adoption of the old English plan .-—The peace of a district should be confided, to the inhabitants, and its police pro tection at their charge. The public works of merely local utility should be paid for from local funds, and the people who have built the . street left to care for its neatness and safety. Many objections beset a tax on property, al- _ though, perhaps, cogeufc. Property being in special „ danger those who possess something to loose may be expected to pay for tlieir defence. No internal ex penditure ought to be so sustained. It is very false to suppose that the expenses of regular government " are occasioned by fixed property— it is just the re- \- verse. Nine-tenths of the litigation and prosecu tions relate to property of a perishable and move able nature. A man in a house of his own, com monly employs persons to protect his property. .They form, indeed, a little garrison on his own estate. If we follow up the revenue to its source, . and pursue it to its expenditure, we shall find that .the great cost of government is occasioned by, or on behalf of, the section of the population which an income or property tax would spare." The Empire in a leader ou the same subject says : — " It may be observed that some politicians in England seize on the promulgation of the views of the financial reformers, as a reason for resisting the further pro gress of political reform. The substitution of direct for indirect taxation, is represented as the trans ference of the burden of taxation from consumers of duitable articles in general, to the owners of pro perty; and then it is supposed that such a trans ference of the burden would be sure to be acceptable to. people who have 110 property to tax, aud unjust to those who have. It is objected that the public revenue should be raised from ' those who have means but how can it be got from those who have none? To take the money required for the pur poses of government from ' those who have means ' in proportion to their means, would be the most just system conceivable. Without attempting to draw blood from a stone, or extract revenue from the destitute, a system of direct taxation might be devised which would exteud to men of small means, but press upoli them only iu proportion to their ability to bear it. It is an enormous wrong to derive the public revenue from taxes on com modities which are cousumed by the poor in as large proportion, as by the rich —to compel the man who only- requires of the Government personal protection from the lawless, to contribute as much to the burdens of tue state as the wealthy proprietor, whose possessions are protected for him at great expense by the Government. There can be no doubt that such a political reform as is now advo cated by the party of action in England— such a political reform as has happily been already ac complished in the Australian colonies— must tend among a people where financial questions are freely handled, to the removal of this unjust method of burdening the poor at the same rate a3 the rich. But ' those who have means,' those who are dis tinguished from their fellow subjects by the posses sion of comparatively abuudaut means, need not be alarmed for tlieir own interests by the anticipation that manhood suffrage would lead to indirect taxa- ation. For the benefits naturally arising from such a system of taxation would tend as surely to increase the wealth of the rich as they would to augment the comforts of the poor. The increase of trade conse quent on perfect freedom of excliauge, would at once raise the value of real property, and every interest in the community would derive a healthful stimulus therefrom. Let, then, those who have small means seek to secure, in perfect freedom of trade, an in- . crease of the comforts and enjoyments available for themselves, and in so doing they will be promoting the interests of capitalists, and the real value qe of kinds of property." ; i. $/:'>.A .5 - ; ., : I > . -...V : ... A.4 .oL- 