IMPRIOV?EbIENTS IN MIODERN IIORTI CULTURE. (From the Ausbtalasian.) TnE Ir- Dnoir:Lr.--Although this invaluable garden implement has now been some time in extensive use in Britain, we do not hear of its being brought before the Australian world up to the present. Multifarious are its uses; among its performances may be named-for watering beds, sprinkling plants, drowning out insects, cleansing trees from smuts, dressing with liquid manure, &o.; This invention for throwing water by hand-power should be in the possession of all who have gardens. The price is incon siderable. Mr. Button, 27 Leadenhall street, London, is the proprietor of this in vention, and he gives the prices at from 32s. 6d. to two guineas. It weighs but eight pounds, and will throw eight gallons of water per minute fifty foot, whoen worked by the power of one man. In addition, it will draw water horizontally, if necessary, through three hundred feet of suction hose, and force it through the delivery hose to an altitude of one hundred foot. Dr. Hogg, the able editor of the Journal of Horticul ture, says of it:-" The groat secret of suc cessful indoor gardening consists in the free and judicious use of the syringe. A green house or conservatory that does not enjoy this luxury becomes a miserable lazar house of vegetable incurables. Vermin and filth hold unbounded sway; the people become disgusted by their own want of success. Well do we recollect the former days of plant culture, the days of collections, when the use of the syringe was yet limited or unknown. What a time for red spider, scale, and green fly! What fumigations and consumption of tobacco and tobacco paper; washings with tobacco-water, and all sorts of remedies'were resorted to ! We re gard the introduction of the free use of the syringe as one of the events in modern gardening. To this is due the success of orchard house management, vine manage ment, and plant management; but the old syringe, with its slow suck and squirt, is now as much out of date in modern garden ing as an old stage waggon in modern loco motion. Many are the improvements and complications of the old simple syringe. We have tried several of them, but for ease in working and efficiency in result we have not yet met with anything to equal the hy dropult." Here is an implement for annihi lating at one swoop a whole host of insects; a plantation of roses might be freed from these pests in no time. It is also equally serviceable as a fire-engine. This would be the thing to put out a bush-fire with, if water could be got; at any rate, the home stead and the hay and corn ricks could be saved by its means. It is easy to work, as a boy could use it for some hours in suc cession. The foot is placed upon the sole, from which to the handle measures twenty four inches. It will throw a gentle shower, or a powerful stream of water. The saving of time it effects, and the extinction of all garden insects by a well-directed shower, are enough to commend this contrivance to the attention of gardeners or amateurs. 