DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRES. ' Ciibh fires are very prevalent,' says the Majorca Independent, 'and late last night were to be seen raging in overy direction. One in particular, which originated in Nuggetty Gully, on the telegraph line ot road between Caris brook and Maryborough, at about three o'clock yesterday (Sunday) afternoon, created grent consternation in Caris lirhnif flTid i\ ntimlial* nf t\\\a inlialiif.mta hastened in the direction of tbe con flagration, but arrived too late to pre vent a great portion of the grass on the racecourse fbom being destroyed. Had it not been for tbe energy' displayed a great amount of valuable property, in cluding somo of the buildings in Caris brpok, would probably have fallen a sacrifice to the devouring element. The neighbourhood of Mosquito has also been a considerable sufferer. Tbe lire hear Curisbrook broke out again about imdnig'it, and burned down a portion of tbe grand stand at the racecourse. Some fifty persons immediately as sembled, and with great difficulty the flames were prevented spreading to a large cornstack which had just been gathered in, the property of Mr. Sanhder;' A fire, attended vritli great destruc tion of property, occurred at tbe farm of Messrs. Duffy, Gluopote, betweeu Kilmore and Broad ford, on the evening ot tbe 25th. Tbe Kilmore Examiner giveB particulars as follow : — ' A valu able horse, in the stable at tbe time, was burnt to death, as it was impossible to approach tbe building to open the doors after tbo discovery was iuade, tlio heat being bo intense. Several sets of harness and otJier useful articles about a farm, with a considerable quantity of hay, w«re destroyed. As the wind was blowing strong at tbe time, but for tbe exertions of tbe neighbours a very large stack ot straw must bave ignited ; had it dona so it would have been more than likely that the valuable crops of Mr. Samuel Burston, in tbo adjoining estate, would have been sacrificed, as tbe wind was blowing in very strong gusts tbe whole evening in tbe direction of bis farm.' From the 'Ararat Advewiser' we take tue subjoined account of a very serious busb fire which occurred at tbe back of Mount Ararat, on Sunday evening lost, and which not only did extensive injury to the feed in the quar ter over which it spread, but almost de stroyed everything belonging to two farmers named Coad, who occupied ad joined farmers : — ' All tbat the occu pants could possibly do to save tbeir property was done, but notwithstand ing every exertion, two valuable hay Btneks were burned, also two bullock drays, and a considerable portion of valuable fencing. Tbe homesteads of both men were only preserved with die greatest difficulty from a similar fate. The value ot the property tbat has been lost by the conflagration is estimated jit L300. Such is tbo information that has reached us in reference to the fire, the glare of wbicb was plainly visible at A rarat an Sunday evening, and we believe it to be mainly correct, although the details are meagre. The CoaUs are diligent and industrious men, and tbe lose, we fear, will be severely felt by them. Another bush fire occurred at Kangaroo Point, about the same time US' that reoorded above, wbiob dirt considerable damage to tbe feed in the vicinity, and furthermore completely Consumed a digger's tent, with all it contained. The owner of tue tent had hot a fire alight at tbe time, and he can only account for tbe sudden appear ance of tbe flames, which arose from the ground where he was standing, through treading on a match; tbe strength of the wind and tbe dryness of the grass rendered all attempts to save tbe tent abortive.' The ' Mount Alexander Mail' calls attention to tbe neoessity of applying the spark preventer on the locomotives used on the railway. It says : — ' It is not too much to say that during that time scarcely one train has passed along the Melbourne and Eclmca Rail vay without setting fire to tbB dry grass within Hie railway fencing. A few davs ago, had it not been for tbe disinterested services of some cot tagers near the line of railway at Bl pliinstone, a very considerable amount of damage must have resulted from tbfi firing ot the bush at that place, caused by tlie sparks emitted from the engine ot tbe passing train.' OOLD IN SANDSTONE. Attention hns recently been called to the probability of sandstone being an important matrix of gold. Tbe lien digb Advertiser has the following in teresting information regarding on im portant discovery made at Kainarooka, about eight miles from Raywood, on the Doubtful Reef. ' If the state ments of our informant are correct,' Bays our contempoiary, ' and there ap pears no reason to doubt them, they will give an impetus to mining- in tllat district, and also lead tbe miners to look for gold in another matrix besides that of quartz. The Doubtful Reef is no misnomer, for it is not a quartz reef of tbe ordinary kind, but an immense body of bard, light brown coloured slaty sandstone, not unlike some ot tbe cement at Epsom. Intermixed with it are small irregular thread veins of a quartz, but the only solid body of quartz is a spur about six inches thick in tbe centre of the sandstone. It is not, however, in the quartz, but in the sandstone, that tbe gold is found. Tbe owners of No. 2 claim have bared this mass of stone for a breadth of 40ft., and to an equsl depth, and gold is found ail over it ia tbe heart of thfi hard sandstone. Of this there can be ho mistake, for parties can see speci mens of the. sandstnno at Mr. Hart's manufacturer of mining and agricul tural machinery, High street, and break it up for tlieir o*n satisfaction, and they will find the precious metal in minute specks thickly spread in the stone. Mr. Hart was lately at the reef, and brought back with him bim 1101b. of the sandstone selected by himself {torn various portions of it, in order to thoroughly test its gold-bearing char acter. He crushed this quantity in bis ! model cylindrical and amalgamating machine, and the result gave a yield of 3oz. Sdvvt. of gold per ton. The gold I as it anpeArs in the stone, is so re markably fine, that only by a very com- - pleie amalgamating process can it be J Saved. The gold which be obtained, ' however, contains several pieces a few grain 6 in weight. He is confident all the fine gold was saved. Should tbe j entire body of sandstone yield as richly us the samples, the erection of a incptf crushing machine on tbe ground would be a splendid speculation, if 1000 : tons were crushed per week, tbere would be 3000oz. of gold, and as tbe sandstone is much softer than quartz, there would bo no difficulty in crushing this quantity ; indaed, Air. Hare, wirti his small model crushing maobine, might do very well if got all tlie gold be could crush with it.' ACCLIMATISATION SOCIETV A\D »R. OFFICER. At tbe usual meeting of the council of the Acclimatisation Society, held on Tnesday, Dr. Officer had an interview with the council, and mentioned tbat tbe reports iroin Mr. Ramsbottom of tbe progress mude by the salmon and trout in Tasmania continued to be ligfaly satisfactory. A letter was also read from Mr. Green, of Badger's □reek, reporting tbat tbe Victorian salmoa were also in a thriving etate. Letters were laid before the council Balling their attention to tbe destruo- ? lion of wild fowl which is taking plnoe , in the swamps contiguous to North ; Melbourne. Tbe Secretary stated that | he bad already written to the Chief Commissioner of Police on the subject, and lie was instructed to communicate also with the borough councils of Hoth am and Footscray, as the swans re ferred to are Within the boundaries of those boroughs, apd this iud^crimi&atn; slaughter of tbe birds on tbeir feeding grounds may be readily checked. Tbe Superintendent reported that several young leverets of tbe English bare bad been seen during the past week in the society's gardens, being the produce of two Jmres which were turned loose there gome taw months back, Dr. Officer mentioned to the council that he had Been a great many of the Chinese spar rows in tbe neighbourhood of Mr. Blaokwood's residence atToorak. These valuable insect-destroying birds are also rapidly increasing at St. Jvilda. mr. barry's 'ohhistmas verses.'' Mr. Barry, a gentleman for many tears connected with tbe Victorian Press, aud now resident in Tasmania, has published what be modestly terms a ' Book of Christmas Verses.' They fare of more than average merit, and some of them display a' considerable degree of poetic feeling. ' The Caw ing of tbe Rooks' in particular will repay perusal. 