ALARMING BUSH FIRES. The hot winds which prevailed in Melbourne, on 27th February, appear to have been prevalent throughout the colony, and bush fires, which proved more than usually destructive, seem also to have been of very general occurrence. We take the fol- lowing particulars from our country contem- poraries : — The fiercest hot wind day of the season occurred on Monday, and by the the middle of the day the whole air was charged with duBt, which the gales from the north drifted violently into every cranny and crevice. 'What with dust and smoke, the hori zon was scarcely visible at all, and frequently it was entirely hidden, whilo the hot blasts and still ing duBt kept the streets clear of all but those per sons who were compelled to bo about town. At about four p.m. the wind veered round to the south- ', ward, and with a cooler air there came also slight showers of rain. About midday the thermometer kept at the District Survey Offices Bhowed 99 deg. in the shade. By telegram from Sandhurst it will be seen that there tlio thermometer showed 106 deg. in the shade, and that the place was surrounded with fires. By telegram also we find that Dayles ford was similarly situatod, and there -was great ex citement to prevont the destruction of Biddell and Tredennick's steam saw-mills in Bullarook Forest. —iyiar, February 28. Full particulars , have not yet reached us of the damage done by the destructive fire which broke out on Monduy on the run belonging to Messrs Lear month. All the grass has been destroyed, and, as has been reported, about three thousand sheep, be sides fences and other property. We hope the rumor about the sheep is an exaggeration. On Monday bush fires wore raging fiercely in the parish of Cardigan, in almost every direction, and but for the praiseworthy and energetic assistance of a number of miners from Bunker's Hill, who worked hard until ten p.m. to extinguish the flames, the property of Mr Thomas Lloyd, and that of several other residents, would have boon totally destroyed. A fire lighted by Mr Ivey on Monday, at Glen donald, for the purpose of stubble burning, is said to have been the cause of two stacks of wheat, contain ing about 1300 bushels, belonging to Mr Charleson, being destroyed, besides a lot of his fencing. as also the fences of- Messrs Pearcy and Kickey. A fire which started in Crovona's paddock, at Spring Hill, on Monday, caused the destruction of about 40 chains of fencing belonging to Mr Coffey. The fire spread to Mr Trethowen'H proporty, but was then stopped through the exertions of the neighbors. The fire in Bullarook Forest had by midnight cm Sunday reached close to Messrs Clark's' saw mills, and the firm immediately put on forty rnon to guard the premises from the incursions of the flames. Their efforts were attended with success. The large buildincr on the Buninyong road, known as the Grammar School, was nearly destroyed on Monday. It was only saved by tho vigorous exertions of about forty men, who turned out from the neighborhood, and beat down the flames, which were faat spreading over the grass close to the building. Many of the young trees which line the road in this pnrt were also ignited and partially destroyed. ? The fire ex tended for some distance along the ranges on both sides of the road, and no doubt, had it not been for the timely fall of rain in tho evening, it would have caused a considerable amount of damage. — Bcil- laarat Star, March 1. IiEAHMOUTH. The Learmonth district has again been the scene of extensive fires. On Sunday night two stacks of oats, on the farm occupied by Mrs Hynes, at Ercil doun, were discovered to be on fire. The stacks were situated fully a quarter of a mile from the road and every precaution as to ploughing around them for the purpose4 of protecting them from fire had been attended to. There is every reason to sus pect that the fire was the act of an incendiary. About one thousand bushels of grain were de stroyed. Tho Learmonth police are in active search for information which will lead to tho detection of the incendiary. On Monday, a fire occurred on the run of the Messrs Learmonth. Several constables who were in attendance at the Learmonth police court, when tho fire broke forth, were sent off to the scene of conflagration. Particulars had not been received when the mail loft liOarmonth, but from tho appearance of matters from the township, thero is reason to fear that oil tho grass, upon the run has been destroyed, and probably buildings as well. Mr Vaughan, Happy Valley, has had a stack of wheat believed to contain 3000 bushels, completely des troyed. Mr Holgate, of Mount Bolton, has had the wholo of his fences and grass (that is all that escaped a fire' on Thursday last) completely des troyed. A butcher named Smith, at Mount Bolten, had his place on fire, and with difficulty saved his dwelling house alone. His outhouses were all con sumed, and some pigs wore actually roasted alive. At Bnrrumbeot, among the farms held under tho Messrs Learmonth, much damage has been done by fire, but we had not recoived any . par ticulars at a late hour last night. On Mr Robertson's run, Barn bank, there was also a great, and it is feared des tructive, fire. On. Monday, too, a large portion of the country at Smcaton, between the Three Castles Hotel and Snaoaton Hotel, was on firo. The flames also extended to Kingston, and much property has been oonsumed. The Smoaton Hotel and the large stock of liquors, -fcc, contained therein (valued at about £800) was, notwithstanding tho utmost exertions of fifty men, utterly destroyed. There was also consumed a stack of oats and another of hay (worth about £200), belonging to Mr Andrew Mather. A farmer at Glendonald has had throe stacks destroyed. A number of persons at Spring Gully have been burned out. Coffoy's gra83 pad dock at Spring Hill has been burned up. A farm or, named Flanagan, at Birch's Creek, has had a good deal of property destroyed. Largo fires are burn ing near Mount Prospect, near the Deep Creek; also in Bullarook. The stocks of grain and dwol linghouse of Mr Adam Broomfiold, junior, at Bnlhi rook, as also tho stacks and dwelling of Mr John Bay, have been burned. Thero was a largo fire at Scrub Hill. Hundreds of acres on tho ranges, be tween Ballaorat and Buninyong, have been on fire during the day, and are still burning. Pasaengors by the night train from Melbourne, last evening, reported to ub that tho bnsh was in flames from Warrenheip to Lai Lul ; that a groat many cattle had been destroyed, and numy more, appalled by the flames, were running nmdly about in all dirootions. — Star, February 28, BENDIGO. Yesterday in. Sandhurst was the hottest, the dus tiost, the most rniserablo, and the most unbearable day wo have had, not only this season, but for many seasons, previous. Early in the day a fierce hot wind commenced to blow, driving an atmosphere like the blast from a furnace in the face of any. one who had to go into the street. While'scorching the unfortunate foot passengers with its heated breath, the wind was strong enough to lift that horrible road mixture of the town clerk's from the surface of the streets, and, in addition to being half scorched by the hot wind, one was totally blinded by the cleuds of dust. Betwoen two and three o'clock tho thermometer marked 105 degreeB in tho Bhado in Pall Mall, while about that time largo bush fires were observed in nearly every direction around Sandhurst. The glare from the bush fires was dis tinctly visible on the horizon round about the town. A large fire, which appeared to be burning in the direction of the Upper Sheepwash, throw up a reflection which led many to . believe that a largo fire was consuming some' of tho houses situated in the southern portion of Sand hurst; while another largo fire, to tho eastward, also illuminated the sky iu that direction. Yester day, it may bo stated, was one of Saxby's days — or, rather, followed closely one of his days — on which was predicted an atmospherical disturbance. About nine o'clock a perceptible change to a cooler atmos phere took place, and, after one or two threatening showerB, the rain commenced to come down with considerable force until about eleven o'clock, when it ceased. The gale did considerable damage amongst frail buildings. Between twelve and one o'clock tho gale seemed to be blowing its hnrdest, and at that time the roof of Jones's brewery, M'Crae street, was blown off. The iron roof and verandah of Mr Savern's dwelling, -Bernal street, was also carried away by the wind. Oae of tho front win dows of the Mechanics' Institute was blown in, and fell on a beautiful specimen of coral in a glass case, both of which were smashed, the damage done being estimated nt £6. In other places the roofs' of houses not firmly fixed were also lifted up by tho strong gusts of wind. Tho bush fires which were burning during the day in every direction around Sandhurst, wore unprecedented in ihe memory of the oldest resident of the district. To the southward, in the direction of the Upper Sheepwash, and between that and Mount Alexander, the immense volumes of smoke in the day time, and the red glare at night, indicated that an extensive bush fire was burning, while in a son.h-easterly direction similar appearances told of the progress of fire in that direction. One just beyond the One Tree hill, at the Sheepwash, burnt fiercely last night, and another apparently between tho Axo nnd tho Campaspe seemed extensive though further off. We are informed by a gentleman who arrived from Echuca by tho evening train, that the whole of the bush in the neighborhood of Goornong, and indeed on both sides of the lino from Kunny mede to tho latter-named place, was burning fiercely. In the direction of Huntly, and between thero and tho Whipstick, there were bushfires. Away towards Myers's Flat immense bndies of smoke and flames wero to be seen throughout the day, and again in tho direction of Bullock Creek and Lockwood there were extensive fires. To the north-oast a largo fire was also visible last evening, but at a great distance off. The appear ance of tho horizon around Sandhurst last night before the rain began to fall was remarkable ; for in ovory direction fires lit up the dark canopy of clouds with a lurid glare. We have not heard whether any damage to property has been caused in the' vicinity of Sandhurst,. but we fear that such extensive conflagrations must have involved valuable proporty to a considerable extent. Those who were in tho colony on Black Thursday must have boon struok with the similarity of yesterday to that me morable day. There was tho same fierce, rnshing, hot, north wind, the sky and the surrounding land scape obscured by the smoke of innumerable fires and the dust, and at night the grateful change of a cool breeze from tho south with refreshing showers. On the arrival of the train, last night, from Mel bonrne, we wero informed by a gentleman who was a passenger by tho train that on both sides of the line, all the way from Woodond, tho bush was blaz ing fiercely. On every eido of Mount Macedon, the timber, large and small, was on fire, producing a spectacle of magnificence and terror. In the locality of Taradale, Elphinstone and Mount Alexander, the ?whole country appeared to be one mass of fire. While tho train was stopping a few minutes at Lancofield, it was stated that two or three valuable farms had been consumed by the fires, which had caught the growing.crops and extended to the home steads. — Advertiser, February 28. It would require a largor space than that which can be allotted in the columns of a daily newspaper in which to chronicle tho numerous and terrible dis asters whioh occurred by the bush fires that sur rounded this district on Monday and Monday night. In answer to the inquiries which were mado in tho course of yesterday came accounts of ruin and devas tation from every quarter of the district. From Mount Alexander to the Campaspe, along that side of the oountry, and from Ballook Creek to the Whip stick on the other, the fires ranged in a greater or lesser degree. An informant, who arrived in Sand hurst yesterday from the neighborhood of Mount Alexander, states that the fire first showed on the eastern side of the mount, about eleven o'olock in the day, and in a few hours had extended some eight or ten miles ; no exertion which the settlers, who had farms in its track, could make was sufficient to arrest its progress .the flames, it is stated, flew along with as great velocity as a galloping horso. Many portions of that locality consisted of scrubby bush and long grass, whioh' fed the flames as they roared along. Wo have been unable to ascertain the exact losses sustained but it is stated that as many as twenty homesteads, with crops, and everything they contained, -- have been totally destroyed, and their owners rendered homeless. The homesteads of Mr Kelon and Mr M'Lonnan wero amongst the number. The largo paddock of Mr Jamieson and the Mount Alexander paddock havo had every blude of grass and stick of timber burned off. The large fire whioh was observed to tho south of Sandhurst at night has burned a tract of country from eight to ten miles in extent. The greatest destruction ap pears to have been caused to the homesteads on the Emu and Myrtle Creeks. On the former, the large farm of Mr Miohaol Brennan has boon consumed, with tho exception of the house, whioh, by great exertion, was savod. All the crops, hay and corn, which had only just been stacked, fell a prey to tho flamoB, the loss being estimated at about £500. Mr Bronnan's next neighbor, Mr Osbora, ulao had his etuokod crops totally destroyed. On tho farms of Mr Tobin and of Mr Howard* situated lower down the creek, the fire was carried beyond ? tho fences, despite the efforts of the people, who were trying to drive it back, and caused considerable destruction to the stacks. At the Sheepwash, although tho fire was burning with equal fierceness in the bush, it caused less destruction to the crops of ? the- settlers. Messrs Goudgo and Sibley's extensive premises, on the Sheepwauh Creek, had a. very narrow escape, the flames, in more than one instance, penetrating be yond the fenoes ; but, by the unceasing exertions of the mon engaged in cutting away the burning tim ber, and the plentiful use of water, the place was saved. At Lockwood and Bullock Creok, although no authentic information of any destruction has been ?yet received, wo believe that the homesteads and farms of several of the small settlers have suffered. The fire at one period of tho evening of Monday was so close to the fence of the police paddock at Lockwood that the constable in charge got out tho horses and made other preparations for removal. The property of Judge Skinnor had a second narrow escape. The bush fire which occurred near Bullock Creek some few days previously, destroyed between two and three hundred acres of tho grass in his Honor's paddock. Between the Whipstick and Lower Hnntly the fire travelled, we are informed, with great rapidity, but fortunatoly without meeting with anything more valuable than the bush timber. The forgoing account contains wo fully behove only a tithe of the fire of 'Monday. The long-continued drought had caused tho crops in the district to bo less plentiful, and tho grass to be scarcer than, has boon experienced for some season past; but the de vastation caused by the fire, and especially to the grass, ha3 produced still more disastrous evils that ?will be felt by many for some time to come. Late last evening, we received information that the bush fires which had raged furiously on the previous day along the railway line, had, in most plaoes, been ex tinguished by the Bmart shower of rain whioh fell. On Mount Macedon a number of stumps and logs were still smouldering, and should any fierce winds arise, this would, no doubt, set tlie mountain in a blaze again. It is stated that two saw mills have been destroyed on the mountain. At Hur courfc the bush still continues to barn. The following communication, which we recoived last night from a resident at the £mn Creole, gives a painful history of the disasters thero : — ' I hasten to inform you of a few particulars of the losses oc casioned by one of the most extensive bush fires that has over happened in tho district of Bondigo. As you are awaro, we havo been for some time sur rounded ;with the fiery element, which has raged with fury, defying the joint efforts of the settlers to subdue it. It broke out yosterduy with all the in tensity aud appearance of a burning nery f nrnaoe, carrying consternation and ruin in its progress, nnd at night the sight was one terrible to bekold, the trees, in burning masses, castiug their lurid glare around, and then the loud thundering crash of their falling was enough to niako a man tremble for his safety. The sight of the burning stacks of wheat, oats, hay, and dwellings of one's neighbors brought the teurs from many au eye, knowing tho Borrow and distress which invariably follows such unforeseen calamities ; and, sir, you may judge of my feelings, whilst I have been so signally pre servod, to find my rich neighbors caring for tho loss and ruin of those rendered, houseless and helpless, by coming forward to suggest a meeting at the Knvu Creek school house, to-morrow evening (Wednes day) to ulleviato the distress of the unfortunate, aud whilst my friend, Mr Brennan, though a sufferer to tho extent of some £500, when asked, generously exclaimed, ' I am not stuck for a pound, but do all you can for Mr Osborno, and others that need it,' shows at onoe the manliness of character under such painful circumstances, and recommends self abnegation to others.' — Bendigo' Advertiser, Maroh 1. CASTLESIAINE. Yesterday was by far the most oppressive and disagreeable day that has been experienced during the presont season — perhaps, indeed, for several years past. A hot wind was blowing violently and scorchingly for many hours, and tho clouds of dust that were driven through tho streets were quite enough to suffocate and blind pedestrians. The thermometer was at fever heat in the shade, and wo are afraid to make an estimate of its register when exposed to the sun's rays. 27unc est bibendum was the common motto, aud this is not to bo wondered at, for cortainly we have seldom — even in this colony — experienced so intensely the thirsty effects of a genuine hot wind. Towards evening the sky became overcast, tho wind veering round, and, at the time we write, rain had commenced to fall. Tho terrible heat of yesterday is accounted for to a groat extent by tho occurrence of very largo bush fires in the vicinity, and at a comparative distance from Castlemaine. A gentleman who came up by the train informs us that, on either side of the railway from Taradale to Moonlight Flat and the mount, the whole country was in a complete blaze. Two miles in length of the railway fencing between Taradale and Elphinstone has been entirely consumed, and it was rumored that the property of Mr Hull, C.E., had also been completely destroyed. Our informant states that tho farm of Mr Reynolds, of Taradale, together with valuable stacks of hay, have been reduced to ashes, and that Mr Urquhart's place narrowly escaped the power of tho devastating element. The scene, as witnessed from the railway cars, is described as being grand in the extreme. Lofty treos were all in flames, looking in the dis- tance like huge caudolabra. Tho smoke was intole- rable, and travellers by the trains wero glad to shut the windows to keep the nuisance out. Speaking of bnsh fires in the neighborhood of Taradale, a correspondent writes : — ' This (Monday) afternoon, tho inhabitants of Taradale were terrified by the approach of fire towards the township. The fire-bell was rung, and the inhabitants turned out en, masse. The mayor, Messrs Jansen, Graham, Wilson, and other of the principal men of the town directed the efforts of the men iu extinguishing the fire. The wholo country north and west of Tara- dale, appeared in one sheet of flamo, and tho sky was filled with smoke. Tho fire seemed to have corao from tho direction of Mcnnt Alexander, oon suming everything in its course. Tt is assorted that Messrs Hull, Reynolds, and Gillospio have suffered Hovero losses, and that the estato of Frog more has boon almost wholly destroyed. The firo towards nightfall presented a magnificent spectacle' From another sourco, wo learn that tho farm of Mr M'Glellan, in the lino of firo near the Janotion, narrowly escaped destruction. As it. wbb, two stacks of hay of two tons each were bnruod. At this plaoo the fire wan about ono mile in width, and other largo farmu in the vicinity wore placed in. groat jeopurdy. Looking in the direction of Houtkoote, there is every probability that the bush fire has also committed great ravages in that quarter. At present it is impossible to estimate accurately the extent of the damage done, hut it must be very considerable. At night, Gastlomaine was surrounded with a zone of flame, or rather the reflection of burning timber, and the atmosphere was most oppressive and un breathable. There is no doubt that considerable damage has resulted from these fires. Since the abovo was written we have heard that about eighteen homesteads, lying between the mount and-' the Janction, havo been totally destroyed. Mr ? Dainty aud Mr White have been considerable losers by tho fire, and it is reported that tho child of Mr : Thomas was burned in the flames. A valuable racehorse w'as also killed. We givo these additional particulars exactly as they reached us at a late hour last night. — M. A. JJail, February 28. Wo are eorry to say that the report we published ' yesterday with reference to the destructive effects of the bush fires surrounding Castlemaino throughout, the dny is not only without exaggeration, but that the damage occasioned has been far in excess of what we anticipated. The rumor touching the death, by burning, of Mr Thomas's child has not been confirmed ; and we have roason to believe that, it is untrue — all of us at least must hope so. It is reported that two charcoal-burners lost their lives in an endeavor to escape from the flames; but this statement ako hns not been authenticated. We have learned that a mounted trooper riding from . Harcourt to Castlemaine hnd a narrow escape of his life. Tho fire had extended across the beaten track, and -the horse shied aud for some timo refused to faco the flames. The trooper at length ' rushed. him through,' and, in doing this, sacrificed a por tion of his whiskers, his jumper being also acorched' into inntility. No definite opinion is yet given as to the cause of the conflagration, but it has been suggested that it arose in consequence of some persons engaged in getting bark allowing their camp fire to spread while they were at work. Ifc seems most likely that the firo commenced at or near Harcourt, and that the wind fanned its southern.' progress. At Taradale considerable damage was done, notwithstanding. the efforts of the towns people. Among other casualties, it is mentioned that Mr Austin, solicitor, had the whole of his pro perty consumed, but this statement is not yet oon tirmed. ' So far as we have been able to collect in- ? . formation, we believe that the farmers of Faraday havo sustained the principal losses. Mr Dainty,, dairyman, had the whole of his property consumed A quantity of oats, wheat, hay and peas was de~ stroyed, to the value of about £200. His house and furniture were entirely lost, together with the stable, pigsties, outbuildings nnd fencing, to say nothing of the grass, which is so necessary for the carrying on of his business. Mr Dainty is a mar ried man, with seven children, and ho has been stripped of everthing he possesses, with tho excep tion of his cows, which of course aro now wandering at, the mert'-y of noighbors and the poundkeoper. Ho estimates his loss at about £500; and, with tho exception of a small underground dairy, ho has no plaeo to sholter his family, who have been de prived of all their bedding and clothing. Mr White also sustained severe loss. His paddocks and fencing wero burned up, or down — which- ever expression is most applicable. Twelve tons of hay wore consumed, and a valuable horse, then standing in Mr Dainty's stable, was rousted with saddle and bridle. Ho estimates his loss at £200. Mr Kellow, who seems to have been tho greatest sufferer, hud tho whole of his proporty (valuod at £600) oonsumed — crops, gras?, fencing, carts, ami,,, iu fact, all the uppliuuces of a. well ordered farm, wero obliterated iu the general conflagration. Mr Waito was also burned out of house* aud home, and his loss is stated as about £150. Mr M'Cloilau. sustained injury to the extent of £100, and Mr Kennedy lout all he possessed, which, we under stand, implies a loss of £100. Au equal amount of property was consumed on tho farm of Mr Ebbofct aud Mr Boglo, who had some valuable agricultural machines destroyed, together with a quantity of straw, cannot have come off under a ponulty of less than £150. Mr Thomas has boon among the prin cipal sufferers. His crops, house aud vinoyard were completely destroyed, and the vuluo of the proporfcy is set down at over £200. Mr Joby's house hay and paddocks were also reduced to a mere maas of ruins, and iu this case tho loss is estimated at £150. Mr Bennett was burned out entirely, the value of his property consumed by tho fire being reckoned at not less than £300. The paddocks and hay stacks of Messrs Medcalf and Eastman were consumed, and they will suffer a loss of about £100 by the disaster. The paddocks and stockyards of Mr Patterson (mayor of Chewton) suffered damage to the extent of £100, and M'Clellan, senior, lost all. his property to the value of £200. Mr Ellery suf- fered a heavy loss by the burning of his crops and fencing, but his house was fortunately saved through the exertions of his wife and daughter, the latter being repeatedly on fire in her exertions to stay the progress of the flames. We have heard that Mr Jamieson's large paddocks, of about 2000 aorcs, with the fencing were entirely destroyed, but the assertion has not been positively affirmed. The fences on the farms of Messrs M'Malion and Beau mont have been destroyed, but we believe in both of those cases the crops and buildings were saved. The above are the fullest particulars we have been able to collect, but there is every reason to suppose that the injury sustained by the farmers and others is considerably above what we have recorded. Un- der any circumstances it is a terrible visitation, and wo trust that the public of the district will take steps to alleviate the sufferings of those who have beon rendered houseless by this frightf al oolamity. —M.A.lfcdl, Maroh 1. NEWSTEAD. Newstead wa3 yesterday surrounded by bush fires, and many of the inhabitants are apprehensive for the safety of tho town. As a girl was washing irt Marsden's yard, sparks from a tire lighted outside flow on to a dry duag heap, tho straw immediately ignited, and had it not been for the strenuous oxor tiorts of a score of men, several of tho houses would, most probably have been consumed. Tho bush fire on tho range near the Bridge Inn was, at three o'olock, towering yards high. Sotno horses, startled by the blaze and smoke, broko away, and tho resi dents wore in a stata of oxoitomunt and dread. — M. A. Mail, February 28. MOUNT MORIAC. Mount Moriac was yesterday the scene of a con- flagration that will be remembered for some time by many of tbo inhabitants of tho district. It wa» a road board day, and during tho sitting, the ahum wus given that the wholo mount wub on firo. The board at onco adjourned, aud oaah mombor oalllod forth armed with. a. sack, the bough of a tree, or anything that came, first,. in fact, to hand, and-, pre-; -vented the fire crossing tho Mill road, in which case a large quantity of easily' combustible property -would have fallena prey to the flames. From about a hundred yards from the board office some idea might be formed of the extent and rapid progress of the fire. In front, on top of the mount, a portion of Mr. Tindale's vineyard was on fire, but the vines, from the moisture in them, offered a check to the flames which were spreading over a field of loiig gross, and hero and there portions of the vineyard fence might be seen burning. Below the vine yard, at the foot of the mount, was Mr Bicho's homestead, and as. the wind was blowing fiercely, in this direction, the whole of the buildings seemed inevitably doomed to destruction. Just as the fire approached the. homestead, however, the wind, sud denly veered round, and with the gust the fire swept round the corner of Riche's farm, leaving the homestead uninjured. On it came, curling and crackling through the long stubble, towards the Mill road, igniting a large stack of straw, and coming light tip to the woodwork of the small chapel used by the Bible. Christians. Prom ten to twenty men liere worked energetically to beat the fire down, and by dint of great energy the chapel was saved, but the smoke was so dense that the men were fairly prostrated by the suffocating vapor. In the mean time the fire was rapidly rolling onward to the right in the direction of the Barrabools. A man named Mahoney had only threshed out his wheat on Sa- : turday, and had some two or three hundred bushels on the ground, the whole of this and nearly the entire homestead were consumed In almost less time than .it takes to write it., Mulligan's farm buildings fell next, the house escaping almost by a miracle. On it went till it reached the hollow in the Mill Road, where Reuben Clarke's house was situated, there was no time to remove anything, the dry weatherboards seemed to lick up the flames, till the whole was, in a minute or two, in a blaze. Far awuy to the right, as now and then the wind partially cleared the atmosphere of the dense smoke, bodies of fire were distinctly visible as of burning buildings or stacks. A splitter saw, at some distance, his hut, in which lie had left his wife and child, in flames, and he took the first horse he could get and rode to them through fire and smoke, so fierce and suffocating at times that it was dangerous to approach it. The damage done is far greater than can at present be estimated, for it was only from what could be dis tinctly seen at a distance that our account is penned, and the fire appeared to be spreading with consi derable rapidity; It appears that on Saturday a fire was kindled by some splitters on the mount, and it IB probable, therefore, that yesterday's disastrous conflagration was. owing to the embers then left smouldering. — Oeelotiff Advertiser, February 28. TEKBIBLE CONFLAGHATIOK AT KYNETON. Me bush fires that have been raging in this district during the last few, days have gained in in tensity day by day. Miles of bush country have had to yield to the devouring element, and in many cases farms and grass paddocks have been one after the other destroyed. Between Carlsruhe and Kyne ton, towards the Bald Hill, a large fire has been raging for more than a week, and yesterday and Sunday it increased in intensity,, sweeping away farms and homesteads in its relentless path. Yes terday, between ten and eleven o'clock, the fire swept across the paddock of Mr Argyle, and attacked the fences of Mr Halliday, whose farm is just verging on the township. Sweeping across the farm, the flames quickly caught the outhouses; the hay stack, a stack of straw, stables, and everything except tho dwelling-house itself wero soon en veloped in. fire. The fire was seen from the township, and a large number of townspeople went across to render what assistance was. in their power, and they succeeded in saving the dwellinghouse, which was literally tho only thing upon the farm that wns not destroyed. A large stack of hay, supposed to weigh forty tons, a stack of straw, the stable, in which was the har ness, outhouses and barns were all destroyed. Pour times the fire caught the dwellinghouse, but tlie number of thoso about succeeded in saving this from the pitiless tyrant. All the furniture, bed ding, &c;, had to be removed, and, of course, the removal, although executed as carefully ias possi ble, irreparably injured it. The property, after the fire was somewhat subdued, presented a most deplorable aspect, the ground bare and black, stumps of trees still burning, and the house — a mere wreck— tho only object above the level of the soil. . A crop of potatoes facing tho road was par tially, but not altogether destroyed. Mr Halliday, as is well known, has been bedridden for some time past, and it was with difficulty he could be per suaded to submit to removal, so utterly unconscious was he of his danger. We regret to learn that none of tho property was insured, so that, although wo are not yet informed of the extent of his loss, we know it must be very severe. Sweeping along towards the pound, the fire next attacked the farm of Messrs Mills and M'Donald. Here .the fire caught about three o'clock, and swept everything before it with, the force of a whirlwind, bidding defiance' to any steps to stay its progress. The dwelling, outhouses,, barns, &c;, two or three stacks of corn, and the entire produce, was completely- burned' down in an incredibly short space of time, effectually prevent-' ing any efforts to save a portion of the farm produce or furniture. The next place that caught was that' of Mr Crawford, and the same fierce rapidity charac terised the manner in which the fire destroyed his farm. Two stacks of corn, outhouses, fencing, and, in fact, everything, except the animals, 'were destroyed. The next place to. succumb was that of Mr Martin, popularly known U8 Rosemary Garden, and, without excoption, this was — before , destroyed by tho fire — one of tho finest gardens in this district. What was once the garden is mow one burnt black patch of barren soil, denuded of every vostige of cultiva tion.' The b.nildingH, outhouses, piggeries, &c;, are all destroyed, together with a quantity of oats and other produce. Tho farm of Mr G, Pell was tho next to submit to the mastery of the devour ing element, and tho same relentless fury which pro 'viously prevented anything being saved, also had effect here, Mr Poll's dwellingbouse, his barn, outhouses, two waggono, 4000 to 5000 bushols of grain, and the entiro crop of the souson was des troyed, Next was tbut of Mr C, Poll, whoso barn, stable, and an immense qunntity of oats, roughly computed at between 6060 or 0000 bushels, wore destroyed. By jmmonBc exertions on tho part of those about, the dwolJinghouBQ was saved, Mr .Darby'n plaoo wns on five nhnost simultaneously, and eyorytJjjijg on tj»o farm of this gentleman wns com jwefcojy destroyed, pot a stick or vestige remain ing. ... Mr Yeaman's place was also on fire, but we .are. not- in a position- to state the amount of destruction.- The forms- of. Mr Gallagher and Mr Welsh caught,, -and their houses, stacks of hay, and straw, were all destroyed. It is of course impossible as yet even, to estimate the amount of damage that has been done by this fire, but it will be .immense, ? and will cause vthe completo ruin of many hardworking, thriving families. The. manner in which the fire originated is, of conrse, not known, nor is it ever likely to be, as it has now been burn ing, though within a more confined area, for more than a week. Up to Saturday it had been princi pally confined to the grass lands, and it was not till yesterday it received such an impetus from addi tional fires, the extreme heat and strong wind. From an early hour yesterday morning the wind broke with extreme violence, and the heat — ahot wind blowing — became most intense. Many of the oldest residents in the district say that not even on the well-remembered ' Black Thursday' was the heat so intense as it was yesterday. The scene where the fire had been, as it swept in its onward conrse, was deplorable to. witness. Miles of land that, a short time before, had presented all the evi dences of the. highest cultivation, and on which wore erected good and substantial dwellings, were no more than blackened and useless forest land, fences destroyed, - and, in fact, every vestige of cultivation swept away. Whatever Black Thursday was, Monday, the 27th of February, 1865, will long be remembered as an evil and terrible day in this district. Last night, as the sun went down, the picture presented was terribly grand — miles of country presenting a face of continued fire, with the flame creeping up and spitting forth from the top_ of the forest trees, reminding one more of a raging volcano than of what is ordinarily known as a bush fire. Where it will end, if rain does not quickly fall, it is impossible to predict,. and we dread to think of it. We have since heard that, in addition to those mentioned above, Mr Kearny's place took fire, as also that of Mr O'Brien ' adjoining, and nearly everything on the two places was destroyed. Mr Kearny, who was confined to his bed, had to bo carried out of his Led for fear the fire should catch it. A large stack of corn and other produce, be sides fencing, was destroyed on Mr Kearny's farm. It is also rumored that Mr Govett's station has been devastated by the fire, and the home station, dwel lings, &c;, completely swept away ; but we are net aware whether it be correct or not. There is little doubt we shall hear of very much more destruc tion yet. We are glad to be able to state that, since the above was in type, a smart shower of rain has fallen, putting an end to further danger at present, but the fires are still burning in patches, especially amid tho trees. — : Observer, February 28. The fire in Redesdale aud Barford was a continu ation of a long flame from Mount Alexander. There were apparently two lines of fire in the shape of a V, which came down Wedge Gully from Darlington's on one side, and Brickley's on the other, and formed in one at Tynan's farm, where the cowsheds, stockyards and a large stack of oaten straw was burnt, but the house itself was saved. At William Miller, the slaughterman's, there is nothing left but the chimney of his house and the gallows upon which he hung the carcases of the bullocks. One of' his losses is a spring cart lie gave £26 for a fortnight ago. At Took's, a large quantity of oaten straw and a substantial new two-railed fence has been destroyed. Some oats in bags and tho house were saved. At Laurence Connell's, everything, with the exception of one box, was burnt, including house and furniture, seeds, oats &c.; Taylor saved his house by dis connecting his stackyards, and sacrificing his fences. Thomas Connell has lost everything, house, stacks, oats and crops. James Cochrane has had three miles oi fencing burned, and un- fortunately met with a severe accident himself. He was endeavoring to hunt some cattle out of a blazing poddock when he found himself surrounded by flames. He impelled his horse through, but it fell dead, and he had to disengage himself and run for a mile before he got shelter at the residence of Mr Wells, where he arrived dreadfully burnt about the face and chest. Dr. M'Millan, who happened to be in the neighborhood attending an accouchement case, attended on Mr Cochrane and dressed his barns, but we believo he is in a most dangerous condition. We understand the heat and flames were so great in Mitchell's lane that, although Dr. M'Millan was urgently wanted, he could not drive up for about two hours and a half, but remained at the mouth of the lane waiting a favorable opportunity. At Barfold Mr Cochrane had two stacks of oats burnt. Ryan had his stack yard destroyed. M'Kinlay's house was roasted. It is a bluestone house, and there was a stack of forty tons of firewood in the rear, which would have effectually burned the house down had it been wooden. The hon. W. H. F. Mitchell's was saved by the exertions of his men, as was also Foster and Highmore's, through scorching round the premises, Holland and J. M. Watt are burned out — house and everything. Edward Martin has lost all but his house. Twyford was completely burned out. In fact nearly all the Barfold farmers have lost heavily, and nothing would have saved Mr Rogers and the Dickenses, on Soldiers' Flat, but for the timely change in the wind and the rain that fell after seven o'clock. The fire in the Carlsruhe dis- trict is supposed to have come from the neighbor- hood of Argyle's paddock. It then spread to that of Mr J. G. Halliday, where it devoured everything but the house, which was only saved by the exer- tions of a band of willing workmen from Kyneton. Whilst tho ? stacks wero burning the men could be seen from the streets of Kyneton, beating out tho flames around the house, Halliday's being only about a mile distant. Here great exertions were made, Sub-Inspector Green and Sergeant Babington wore out rendering assistance, and Mr Hnrgreave drove over, and supplied the men at work with refreshments. The furniture was laid in a potato field, and old Mr Halliday, who is blind and infirm, was brought out of his bod and laid in a place of safety amid tho greon crops. The lire then attacked a small wheat stuck at Nicolas Kearney's. Here also tho poor old man, who in supposed to bo on his deuth-bed, was brought ont and laid in the middle of tho road, with a blanket round him, until the lire should slacken. Towards the pound reserve, Crawford's (Into Koinp's) was totally burnt out ; and farther on, Gallagher met a similar futo, Henry Martin, of Rosemary Gardens, has lost his fruit treos, his dwolliug-houso and furniture, onta, -Sro,, and what was to him a source of livelihood nn a. murkot garden is now -i blackened wilderness, Angus M'Donald Las also lost his crop in stack. Tile Washes have pnly Buffered tho Joss of porno fencing, there being u large pjeoo pf ploughed ground whjoh prevented the fire from Gallagher's reaching them. Wm. Pell, sen., is a heavy sufferer. He had a most comfortable steading, with orchard, &c.; The apples . and fruit are roasted upon the trees ; the pigs in their, styes, and roast fowls are to be found in the ditches, and in one instance, we saw a poor dog that had been overcome by the smoke and burnt to death. The crop of Mr Wm. Pell and Mr Charles Pell was con sumed, consisting of- from 1200 to 1500 bushels of wheat and oats. Two waggons, barns, and all the farm implements have been destroyed, and we saw a dray full of the ironwork alone of the implements destroyed. Yesterday, there were men busy in the ruins, shovelling out the damaged grain, and car rying it in buckets to be laid out in little heaps to the air, and we were pleased to see the Rev. Mr Vance taking part with the others most heartily, in a work that was most laborious aud dirty, giving practical proof of his sympathy with a parishioner in a day of trial. William Darby, also on Bottomley's township, had n, barn and about 1000 bushels of grain destroyed, and two stacks containing a thousand more. His house and part of a staok of hay was saved. The fire was here kept from Mr Campbell's- Trio Farm, by a piece of fallow land in Darby's field, but the farm of Mr George Yeamans, senr., Mr T. M. Wallis's nursery, and Mr Grant's farm (late hon. F. Robert son's), greatly suffered. In the former the house was saved, but in the latter two, we believe, dwellinghouse followod stackyard. About forty splendid ten-year-c!4 fruit trees of Mi Wallis were burnt v/ithin an inch or two of the ground. Mr Dryden and the Messrs Muntz are represented as being the principal sufferers at New ham and Woodend. The old mill of Mr Fitzsim mons, in the Devil's Hole, wns said to be burnt down. Messrs Ross and Purton, and Mr Samuel Sims have principally suffered at the Colibau, Mr Bower also losing some fencing. Messrs Ross anc Purton have had a total loss, except the dwelling honBe, but Mr Sims was insured for £150, but, of course, this is a mere trifle to his loss of crops, reaping machine, chaff-cutter, &e.; From Knight's, on Spring Hill, to the common schoolhouse in Tyl den was one strip of flame. Ewing and Glenn's store was seriously threatened, but escaped. Richard Fleming's two farms, Wm. Pickering, George Wat son (Drumshang), T. M'Closkoy, Adams, Scott and Goodfellow are the names of several of the parties who have lost heavily. It will take some time to approximate the ontire loss in the district, but about £50,000 is not believed to be an outside calculation of the damages committed by this dreadful fire. — Kyneton Guardian, March 1. TALHOT. The weather, yesterday, was of a character that very few persons residing in Talbot will readily forget. About eight o'clock in the morning, the previous night having been very sultry, the wind commenced to blow from the north, arid in the course of a few minutes its violence had increased to a hurricane. From half- past eight to four in the afternoon, the force of the wind was terrific. Im mense clouds of dust swept through the streets ob scuring everything. Bush fires burning all round the town, and the wind blowing like blasts from a furnace, gave to Talbot more the aspect of Pande ? nionium than of a fit residence for human beings. Of course, numbers of frail tenements were de stroyed by the fierce blasts. One house near Sault's Dai&y; Hill Hotel was blown completely over, aud very few buildings escaped without losing sheets of iron off their roofs. About four o'clock in the after noon some careless person — a Chinaman it is reported — set fire to the Mount Greenock Plains, and in the course of a few minutes the whole of the grass, for a considerable distance, was consumed. At one time, when the fire was spreading over the mount, the scene was magnificent. ihe fire ran with great speed through ? the long thick grass, and as the flames fringed the mount, the scene was grand indeed. Many cottages erected at the edge of the plain would have been destroyed but for the exer tions of a number of persons who left Talbot with a view to render assistance. Foremost amongst these in their exertions were Mr Walton, a member of the Talbot fire brigade, Mr Maun, of Talbot Flat, Mr Rowles's son, and a man in his father's employ. Many others, whose names we did not learn, also rendered such good assistance that tho fire was ex tinguished before it could reach the cottages. But for their exertions, the damage done by the fire would have been considerable. As to the workings nt the mount, the lire spread as far as the All Na tions claim, when the miners turned out en masse, and stopped the progress of the flames in that direc tion. By an old resident in Talbot, who was in the colony on the celebruted Black Thursday, we are told that the weather yesterday was more intensely hot than on. that day ; it is certain that few of the residents in Talbot have experienced such weather. About five o'clock tLe wind chopped round to the ; south, and rain set in with every prospect of a con siderable fall during tho night. If the fierce hot wind should bring us a copious supply of woter, but very few people will be found to regret the in convenience they experienced for the few hours yesterday. — Talbot Leader, February 28*. DAYLESFORD. Yesterday was a fearful day. Old colonists wero reminded of the memorable event known as ' Black Thursday,' .and ' new chums' had a vivid idea of that terrible disaster. Tho weather, which had been comparatively still and cool on _ Sunday, became sultry towards night, and before dawn was exceed ingly oppressive. Bush fires wero burning in vari ous directions on Sunday evening, but the wind being* moderate then no danger was apprehended from this source. Nothing indicated tho change that was about to follow. Early yesterday a perfect gale set in from the north, and by midday had swelled almost into a., hurricane. The wind cume at times in gusts that swept nil before it, while clouds of dust that nearly blinded those exposed to their influence, swept over tho township, and drove every one to seek shelter. TJiu bush iiros/too, that hud been smouldering previously, burst out anew on overy side, Tho uir was soon so fillod with smoke that the sun appeared to bo undergoing a total eclipse. Dark masses of vapor rising horo and there amidst the lighter lui/.o that hung over the distriat, plainly showed that something more seri ous wus going on than tho ordinary deotnic tion of timber nt this season, and, during tho afternoon, accounts began to nrrivo of homestoadg burnt down, and hairbreadth personal escapes, At six p,mM Mr Trodiunick, of the saw mills, arrived in post hnsto for the nssjs tnnco of the fire brjgado ' J pr tho proservB^pn of the plant. The forest in that djrcotimi wns }n a bJazo, niid tho flamoa ppurhig upwnrda Ji)io a cntn wjI; towards tho property, Wtth commendable alacrity the foreman got out the engine, and it was hurried as fast as four horses could drag it to the mills. The driver of the Ballaarat stage reported that Bay's farmhouse, at Mount Prospect, was totally destroyed, and Bloomfield's premises were burning when the coach passed. The fire seemed to be coming from Hepburn's Lagoon. In the neighborhood of Looby's Hotel also, the bush was burning fiercely. The owner of a team coming iu from the Dry Diggings with a load of atraw nar rowly saved it and the horses by whipping them on, the rond on each side being in a glow. A tremen dous fire was likewise observable somewhere in the vicinity of Yandoit, and must have done immense , mischief. Living boughs and dead branches were snapped off tho trees like twigs, and hurled a great distance before reaching the ground. In the town ship, comparatively little damage was done, the chief injury that we hoard of being tho unroofing of Mr Daly's — the lato warden's house — on Wombat Hill. Mr Bell, tho solicitor, also had his dwelling endangered by the accidental light ing of the grass on hid allotment ; had had it not been for timely assistance of some per sons by, who extinguished the flames, it is pro bable that serious loss would have ensued. At six p.m. the windj chopped round to the south, and the smoke became thicker than ever. In fact, so dense was the veil that objects a few hundred yards off were invisible, and the township seemed on fire One curious fact was noticed — that numbers of large birds instinctively sought refuge in the trees on Wombat Hill, the highest point in the district. Since the above was written we hove learned that tho fences, stacks, &c;, on O'Brien's farm at Lightwood Hill, have been destroyed and also those of Westwood's and Campbell's farms. Mackelroy's farm house, stacks, &c;, were en tiroly consumed. Mr O'Connell, who drove from Castleuiaino, yesterday, in a buggy with his wife and children, had great difficulty in getting in safely, both sides of the road between Guildford and Honey's store being on fire. It is probable that tho latter place was burned down before dark. Mr Wm. Geo. Eart, the town clerk, left Malms bury yesterday afternoon in a buggy aud reported the bush between Splitter's Flat and the German Coffee House to be in a blaze — a distance of four or five miles. About eight p.m. the ruin began to fall, though we fear from the reflection on the horizon that up to the time of our going to press the flames had not been extinguished. — Daylesford, Express, February 28. ' Thr harmonium is a sinful instrument ' — at least so have decided the Preabvterian congrega tion at Eagleliawk, Bendigo. The Advertiser of the 28th ult., says: — ' The harmonium question, which lias been the subject of so much discord in the Eagleliawk Presbyterian church, has at last been decided by the rejection of the instrument. It had been arranged by the committee of manage ment of the church to get all the members to sign either for or against the harmonium, and that unless two-thirds of tho number voting were in its favor it should be rejected. The time for voting having expired, and the votes counted, it was announced in the church on Sunday that 105 had pronounced the harmonium to be a. great assistance to the singing, and its use quite in accordance with Scrip ture, and the advancement of the times : 67 re corded their names that it was a sinful instrument, and of no benefit to the singing ;*8 halted between two opinions. As the requisite two-thirds had not been obtained, tho decision was given against an in strument which has been in use for years in some of the Presbyterian churches in the colony, and which before long will probably be played in every Pres byterian church but that of Eaglehawk.' The Coliban Watek Schemes. — The Kyneion Observer, of 25th nit., contains the report pf Mr Christoplierson to the Minister of Mines on the merits of the River Coliban Water, Schemes. The conclusion arrived at by tho engineer is that Mr Brady's project might be modified so' as to form by far the most practicable and economical one of the three. His reasons for this belief are : — ' 1st. That Mr Brady's line is very much shorter than either Mr Wardle's or Mr Reilly's. 2nd. The oostof con struction is only £266,520 ns compared with Mr Reilly's £400,460 and Mr Wardle's £392,105. 3rd. The line being a shorter length, .the cost of main tenance will be less. 4th. t think Mr Brady's esti mate of the amount of water that can be supplied for mining and other purposes will prove quite equal to the demand for. very many years', and, therefore, that, costly works designed for a more extensive supply will prove unremunerative. 5th. The works proposed by Brady are of. a more permanent cha racter than either of the others, very little timber work— high bridging, &c.; — being introduced in their construction. 6th. The water-rights of one river only are interfered with, whereas. Mr Wardle de sires to monopolise the upper waters of three large streams, while two are appropriated in Mr Reilly's scheme. 7th. Except the somewhat limited work ings at Tnradale, no largo supply of water for gold-mining purposes is required until the head of Forest Creek has been reached. Before arriving at that spot, Mr Wardle or Mr Reilly could certainly command a greater extent of those workings than Mr Brady, but from that point which commences the important workings from which the revenue will bo chiefly derived, Mr Brady's supply is fully equal to the demands of Uhe district.' It is believed that Mr Brady's scheme will at once bo carried out. A Happy Family Disturbed. — A lad named Wil liam Hunt, with some companions, despatched two snakes of tho carpet species, a few days ago4 at the Moorabool Viaduct. One was shot and the other killed with a pitchfork. When measured, they were found to be 4 feet 6 inches in length, and 31 living young ones, about 9 inches long each, with 27 eggs, were found with the reptiles. Tho spot where this interesting family were squatting was only about 200 ynrda from the bridge. — Gcelong Advertiser,'Feb ruary 24. A NAnnow Escape. — On Sunday last, Mrs T. Robertson, of North DomJiqnin, had a narrow escapo from a frightful accident. On that day, the good lady, nocompnniod by Mi'H Joffery, visited a neighboring blacks' camp, where n poor aboriginal had recently given birth to twins, Arriving there, aud not noticing in tho sunlight u small firo which was burning, hor silk dross was roo» geou by Mrs Jeffrey, who was standing a little distance off, to be in (tames. An iustunfc nlnrm followod, t)-o nocossol nir wns prevented, nnd, water being nppjjod, tJito dfmgor soo;i uensed, Just now, considering tliohoafc anil tho fiiBhioj), anything having i))p nmioaronco of ft flro putsjdo should }-o specially avoided, op* very onrofiiJIy'nyyrQaohert,' — Ppniliqvty Ofiraftief$i-''ff0h- tuavy 3C. ' ' ! ' '' '?'.'''' 