? ,. ,,,, ,, THE: FABM^ U.^,;, \ ^Englisiimen have been greatly ridicviled for their ' 'anxiety about the state of the weather ;: it is per- : ' petually said of them, that they- can talk of nothing ' .else, and the allegation contains a great deal of truth.. But those who make light of weather topics ????'? are certainly not farmers, or they would' recognise : : the fact, that no other subject or occurrence1 cv.ii .'possess a tithe of its interest. for those whose living is dependent on the produce of the soil. The wea : tker of last week has blighted tne iair prospers uj. many an industrious farmer; and, in some cases (happily in few), the orops in the field are' not the only property that has suffered irreparable injury. There have been bush- fires which have cleared away homesteads as well as crops, and which have left the farmer to recommence life, with strong ; arias, it may be, but with empty pockets. /Few* /wo have., reason to believe, of the . sufferers by bush files have availed themselves of the proffered services of the Victorian' Farmers' Insurance Society, to which attention was pro | ? mihcntly drawn in The Weekly Age when the society first c;ime before the public. And yet it may be ./safely averred that on no class of business men is the ;... practice of insurance capable of conferring so great ? ''a'measure 6t benefit as on that ongaged in farming. : .Until liis property ia insured the farmer cannot cal ?: dilate on his position in life for a moment. He may be wealthy to-day and a pauper to- morrow, and .this owing to no action of his own, but to the ,; omission to take the most ordinary precautions in .defence of his property.. On the Adelaide border, ? we see, the Mount Gambier farmers have sustained .??very serious losses, as much . as twelve thousand ; . bushels of wheat being reported destroyed in that ;??' locality. . ' ' :'/ '/ 'In some of the inland districts which have not' ?the means of railway communication, advantage is ; being taken of the fact to bear down the price of . wheat far below, a. fair times' figure. To this sub . . ject the Wangaratta Despatch has i just drawn- at- tention with a view to discover a remedy. The local millers, it appears, have agreed not to purchase .'??'? wheat at more than four shillings a .bushel'i alleging that there is an overplus of wheat, and that the ; ' markets will be glutted. The millers can, of course, ''?? do as they choose,, but the farmers also may claim :-''. a -; hearing, and, if wise, they will withhold supplies until' a reasonable figure ?' is /assented; to. The whodt of- the Wangaratta district is secona 10 none 101 ^uiuiujr, as niiucM uitu *+*u,^~ .;. ficent flour from that district in our intercolonial ' exhibition. Referring to the value of best wheats, / ..asujuoted in our. agricultural report, the price of 1 : fered by the Warigaratta millers is by far too low. The question, however, is not one of opinion, but of .fact; the party that can hold out the longest will gain the day; Meanwhile, for want of railway cbin ; munication( the Melbourne people are buying wheat, and flour from Adelaide men instead of from their own fellow-colonists.. This should certainly lend a spur to' tho movement for facilitating traffic between !. the north-eastern districts and the southern sea board. .'??,_? ... ' : ''.;. the third intercolonial exhibition of merino wool was thrown open for public i inspection, on .Wednes ' day last,' at the wool stores of Messrs Cuningham ' and' Macredie, in Collins-street west. The total number of exhibits 'was thirty, eleven of these being of washed wool, including skirts, fifteen wool in the grease, and four of fleeces that had been skirted. The judges have given an excellent report, which /appears in another part of our present issue, con .?-'?? taining their remarks on the qualities and pro :'-: porties of . each sample, and stating, also; their relative commercial values.' : /, , 