WESTERN AUSTRALIA. (From the Inquirer, March 27th.) At York an aboriginal native has been committed for trial at the Supreme Court, for the murder of a native'woman. A most destructive fire has occurred on the premises of Captain Fawcett, at Pin jarrah-park. All the outhouses, barn, stables, and store's (in which 800 gallons of wine were housed) haystacks, and carriage, were entirely consumed ; in fact, we believe everything except the dwelling house, which must also have been demo- lished but for the timely assistance of a large partymerryniakingatMr.M'Larty's.Captain Fawcett estimates his loss at from £1,000 toJEl,400. The fire was the act of an incendiary ; and a ticket-of- leave holder has heeu sentenced, upon clear evidence, to ton years' penal servitude for the offence. On Tnursday,the 28th ultimo, a destruc- tive fire occuired on the premises of Captain Steers, on the Blackwood River. It appears that ti bush-fire had been raging around the homestead for some time previously, and some of tho burning bush was blown to his stables, which, together with farming implements, a valuable stack of hay, &c;, were entirely consumed. We regret to hear thatCaptain Steer's losses arc estimated at more than £4.00. On Tuesday night, the 25th ultimo, a policeman named Moran, while on his beat iu Murray-street, Perth, was most barba- rously assaulted by a man named A'Hern a ticket-of-leavo holder. At a late hour in the nightMoian was missed by the visiting offi- cer from the beat to which he had been told off; aud, after a long search, marks of blood, and of a scuffle were observed. Meauwhile A'Hern was interrogated in another part of the same street by con- stable Kennedy, who narrowly escaped a deadly blow made'by by the prisoner with a heavy paling, which was afterwards found stained with blood. Kennedy secured him and took him to the lock up. Poor Moran was afterwards found about 200 y^rds from where he must have been assaulted, in a bush quite insensible. He'was carried to the hospital where he lay for a time in a very dangerous state ; but now he has recovered so far as to be able to leave it.- A'Hern has since been fully committed for trial. ' On the afternoon of the 8th inst. there was considerable excitement in the Freman- tle prison, in consequence of the escape of A. B. Johns alias Moondyne Joe. From the prisoner's previous career it was deter- mined, when, some six months, ago, he was committedjfor robbery, to make hira doubly secure. Upon Johns' return to Fremantle prison he was placed in a cell lined with wood, from which he was only removed once a day,when he took an hour's exercise, under charge of a warder, iu a yard where there were no other convicts, and the period for exercise was subsequently increased. Thesurgeon of the prison, however, reported that Johns' health was suffering, and that he should be more in theopen air ; and it was therefore decided to employ him during working hours. The arrangement made was asiollows :-After all the other convicts had gone to work, Johns was brought out to a corner of the prison yard, where he would be under the immediate and constant supervision of a sentry, as well as the officer of the chain-gang employed within the walls, both of whom were specially charged with his custody. Prison officers »»vere also diiected to visit him at frequent intervals, and he could not leave certain limits for any purpose unless in custody of an officer. No other convict was allowed to approach within nearly cweniy yards of his station oven in passing through the yard Each morning the quantity of stone to be broken was to be wheeled to the place where it came out, and tho broken metal removed after he'was taken in. I3ut instead of the metal being so removed; it was al- lowed to accumulate in a heap nearly four feet in height by about eight in length, and leaching quite to the wall ; whilo Johns was permitted to pile up the large stones for breaking on the top of the heap, in the form of the back and sides of au arm-chair, within which he sat so that an officer standing on the level ground could not see below his waist. Under such circum- stances, it was easy for him to break through the soft sandstone of the wall and cover the aperture with large stones. Planting a hammer-handle in an upright position, with a piece of wire, of which he had obtained possession, bent over the top, to imitate the round of a man's shoulders, and tearing his shirt down the breast and front of the sleeves, he, as it wore, shelled himself out of it, and transferred it to the frame-work, on the top of which he at the same time fixed his hat. He thus succeeded in constructing a perfect dummy of himself which at even a few yards would pass in- spection. The dummy completed, he slipped through the hole into the yard of the super- intendent's house, passed the doors of the kitchen and passage from the¡house leading to the kitchen, and went out at the door of the yard opening to the front of the prison. It would seem that he then got, into the valley near thecomptroller-gencral's house, and soon penetrated sufficiently far beyond the inhabited portion of the town as to be out of reach of his prison guardians. Every available man that could be of use ¡ was immediately sent, either in pursuit or to guard points where Johns might be cut off-police, warders, pensionéis, and even civilians, being employed in an exchange of duties, or in temporary posts, as the , ca"ie required. Up to the time of our going, to pi ess no intelligence had been received! ' of the prisoner's recaptuie. , , COMMERCIAL REPORT.-Wei have^ no alteiation to report in the grain ' market, i Wheat, delivered in Perth, may be "quoted I at os. Gd. per bushel ; barley, 5s.; oats,1 os. ; flour, £14 per ton of 2,000lb. ; bread,! lad. per 2-lb. loaf. Manna-gum is stillp in( request, and large quantities, have been¡ brought into town and eagerly bought up by the merchants. Ale and porter are very seal ce. r Indeed the stocks of ,the former in the hands of importers have long been exhausted, and porter is only held in limited quantities. The, whole of Dawson's and Jeffrey's consignments, to arrive per Strathmore, have been placed _ at £7 per hhd., as usual; and orders aie now being -received for1 ale to arrive per Ivy. As in- timated last month, an advance of 10s., per hhd.' has taken place in both ale ,ând poiter; which price is likely to be main- tained throughout the season. In bread stuffs there had been little beyond the usual amount of business done. Price's ruled from £13 to £14103. for superfine, and £12 to £13for second quality. In addition toaboun tiful harvest of our own, amply sufficient, it is believed, for the requirements' of the colony, there have been, for this small com- munity, large consignments sent round nom Adelaide ; to say nothing of importations by speculators. Unless,therefore, the mar- ket is rélieyed by expoitatjons of ourowil, the price of flour, if any undue pressuie be exercised, will take a downward tendency. Believing it to have reached a' price that may be maintained, however, holders are indisposed to throw a larger quantity on the market than can be absorbed; consider- ing it preferable to wait for its gradual absorption, although the process may ex- tend over some months, than to sell at a sacrifice. Sugars of the finer sorts are still plentiful; there is, however, some demand tor ration sugar. There are, also, heavy stocks of teas. In rice there ii very little doing ; nor can any improvement be ex- pected so long as flour is cheap. 