A TtIP, ACROSS TUE AUSTRALIAN, ALPS. Kg2 I '(Fron tLAe Austra1a.sds.) a:' ix the hot summer months, when everything Is parched and dried up on.the lowlands, whien bush.fres, rage, and hotwinds, reign .tiumphant, the Snowy.Plains of the Aus tralian Alps are In their;beauty-the climate deliclously.cool, the grass, fresh, green, and luxuriant, and the air fregrant pith .thei flowers which ,cover the,ground, as wIth a carpet. ,,'he, alpine.rango,iwhenvie4wedl from a distance, seems to rise abruptly ,on one side to li. height'of'from' for to seven thousand feet'abovo the level of the 'eos,'and fall 'away at once on the'otheor; but on'reacl&h; ling what seoms',to be the top of,tle' mount$ sin; it is found to h6 in elevated plateaus in some' parts. forty miles': norose,.and iknown as the Snowy Plains. Though so beauiiful in summer, In'the winter they are covered deep' with' snow'twhich'.begins. to .melt In Octob?t'i ,d iIs'arried 'of' by. numerou rivulets, which form' th'e heads of the variond rrivers, ofted causing floods' and 'devastation on the low lands.'' This fine country would long since have been permanently taken up as squatting"atatieons were ' It' not, for 'tho snow.' Years ago ond homestead teas built i but' whin' winter came 'it nearly cost.the people' on'the station' their iive.,"'as they became' snowed' uno., There'may'have been other attempts! to' permanently settle 'there only the one has come to my knowledge. ?, '?lho?ascent' from Manaroo,,'New' South 'Wales, is much'. more:; gradual (Manaroo Itself being 1high) than it is on the: Victorlan side;. Bome few years ago I had'occasionj In company with a friend, to cross the moun. taeln in the month of :February from'Mlana ,.i*'t :% -f1 {ýiý: C` ": " T-«ý. ,roo to Victoria, and I never enjoyed a trip 'more. Ve left Mr. M.'s' station, near the foot of the mountain, on a hot, sultry morn Ing; :the proprietor of the station and one of his stockmen accompanied us some miles on our journey. lie was mustering cattle at the time, and his stock in the summer months fed on the high lands. lie told us that he lost a number, every year; some joined the wild cattle which never left the mountains, and others perished in the snow. After travelling a few miles we entered on the plains, and most beautiful and refresh. Ing they were after the heat and barren. ness of the country we had passed through in Manaroo. Fine clumps of timber were scattered over the plains, and here and there a mob of cattle were grazing; it had .all the' appearance of a fine well; ordered park. We travelled slowly on until the middle of the day, when we camped on the bank of ra pebbly brook, with water as clear as crystal.and cold as ice. : I hobbled out the horses, while my friend pro ceeded to make a fire and.boil the billy for the everlasting tea. We had Intended going on some miles further In, the afternoon; but found ourselves so comfortable that we deter mined to remain where we were, as we were not pressed for time, and our horses seemed to enjoy the splendid feed after the dry sap less apology for grass they had' been eating for' some time previous. , We amused our selves until evening in strolling' about the neighbourhood of our camp, and prospecting an immense mass of quartz which cropped out on the banks of the rivulet. As we had no appliances for breaking out the stone we could only: examine the. moss.covered sur face, but could see nothing that looked like gold.. Mr. M. had in the morning pointed out several places as werode along where ha said he had found gold, and from the quanr. tity of quartz .we saw I should not be astonished if large quanities of the precious metal were found in different parts ofthe Snowy Plains; indeed, such 's' the case already, the digging township of Kiandra being.on a portion of them. As night drew on it became, quite cold,' and we were glad to'make up a good'fire in front of the break .wind we haid constructed. ',There is some thing very, pleasant in" an summer night's camp under' a' beautiful' Australian sky, especially if you have,an 'agreeable com. panion tochat 'about old times over 'a pipe and a pot'of tea.; 'The night I' nm now ,writing ab?t' .was one of the finest I over remember, 'old bushmant as I am. There was:?no moon, and,the' stars shone out and twinkled' splendidly in' the "cloudless deep blue vault of heaven.' Before we' turned into our blankets I went after.the horses;, to see which' way they were heading.' 'After satis; fying myself on this point we made up the fire for the 'nlght, and were 'soon sound asleep; ' . I was awakened by my companion about s?nrieo next morning. ''^HIo had been some little distance, but could' see nothing of the horses.' , This was not very agreeahle news, and we could not understand it, as they were generally in'sight' of our camp-fire in' the morning. ' , IIowever, we did not think they would be far, ansd'so made the ten, had our breakfast,'and rolled up our blankets ready for' the pack.saddle,' and then 'taking our bridles,' proceeded to look for the missing steeds. We picked'up'the 'tracks where I left'thorem feeding'the previous night, and followed them 'up?'the creek` for several huiindred yards,'when we.came 'on a number of fresh tracks, and we then guessed that a mob of'wild horsei had cbme down to drink, and that 'ours liad,joined ,them. Our only hope was that,' being liobbled, they.'would soon drop behind" " Wo followed the tracks for about two' miles',"whon we suddenly came onmysaddle-horse standing in a little hollow. After a good deal of trouble we succeeded in catching him, for although usually very'qulet he was now excited'and' out' of .temper, having lost his mates.' As soon as he was caught I jumped on his back and cantered to our last night's camp; for 'my' satddle. leaving my companion. on 'the ,tracks till I returned: ' I overtook him half a mile ahead of where I had lets'him,' and in a few minutes'after, on ascending a small' rise in the plain, we caught light of the mob about two hundred yards "ahead. There were twelve in all, most of.them maresand foals. We could at once distinguish ours, and saw from their walk that they had both broken their hobbles,. which accounted for, their leaving their mate bohind.' After a short consultation we determined,that the best planwas to head the mob down' to our camp and out ours off as they gallo ed., I ncoord Ingly rode down to where the) were feeding. Directly they saw me they galloped together, threw up.their heads, snorted, and in ,a moment, with their long tails stretched out, were scouring along in a headlong 'gallop. Lueekily my hordo was a very good one, fast iind enduring, and this was not the first time I'had ridden him after wild' horses. After a hard 'gallop I' headed them in the direction I wished, and in the next mile our horsee drepped to the rear, on seeing which I pft mine to thobtop of his speed, and suco ceoded f'iln"soutting them off from the mob, which was soon o'it: of sight.' T.heysoon steadied 'whei'k eft Alone j indeed,'thley,'as well as the hbrse I rode,' and myself into the bargatri,';were piretty well blown." Shortly afthor I 'got t6 the camp my friend came up, 'and we saddled, lighted our'plpes,;'and started; but it was past ten before we were off. !" The ride this day was as enjoyable as thiat of yesteiday,' the same fine country, tlhe oril?:'diferenea being 'that:the 'plains were more undulatlng, like'an American pridrie, 'dad there swa' but little tlmber, and that mo6itly'dead and. stu'nted' In 'growth. For some time there 'was not i:a living 'tree. This we afterwards heaird bad been caused by) a tremendous" bush-fire,::which had occurred some years before our visit., It is' soldom the summerlsr hot enough,. or ith'e' grass sufficiently dry to burin, so it is all the worse when it does. take place.,,Year after year.the grass grows and dies down, and Is' sucooeded by., a fresh crop, until n perfect matis.,formed; in many .places it is,liko lying on a mattress. WeYo saw another mob of wild horses feeding in the distance, and passed,the skeletons, of some ctttlo lying t6gother.,,These were the'remalns of some unfurtunate anmials overtaken by' a heavy' fall of inow.c Weo had been', told;on the, previous' morning'by bM. .tlhiat le haIsd found as many as thirty lying together in the siame msnner. :When the winter snow, set in the station cattlle" make for their own runs, and the .wild tos for thel'siheltered slopes of thei mountaitsri wahere'?teiy live on what.they ican plok up andlb thoughts oh happler days, until returnldgprlng enables them to return to theoirt pasutues. Many however, both tame and wild, put off their, departure until it is too late, get. caught-by., a heavy, snowstorm, and perish. .They huddle up together, and as the storm in-. creases they commence to rinc, or walk in a:i small circle, as cattle in difficulties always ; do. lBy this means, trampling the, snow.. tinder foot, they gradually but surely be-. come surrounded by a wall of snow, from,, which there is no escape, and there they die of coil and starvation. When summer returns their hides and bones alone remain.., About four o'clock we crossid the 'back. bone of the range from which the peaks rise which are seen from the country below. They are large masses, principally rock, with frozen snow clinging to the sides whero, sheltered from the sun's rays, and rising several* hundred feet above the level of the plateau, we passed close under one ofi these mountain peaks, and as we approached were fairly deafened by the cawing of num berless crows which go there to build; the1 birds were evidently put, out by; human' beings intruding Into their solitudes., There must have been thousands of them i every stunted tree was covered with, their nests, and the rocks also. We now crossed a very, deep and broad ravine, which in the winter, must be full of snow, and camped for the. night not far from our friends the crows.:i. We, took care to short-hobble our horses, before turning them out, to prevent a repep tition of their bad conduct.: As evening, came on we collected a quantity of firewood; the night was very cold-if not a. frost,. something ,very like it, notwithstanding iti being the middle of February. , In the, night I awoke, and got up to replenish thei fire, and as my companion was ast asleep,, I lit my pipe and lay down again to sleep, or think. Suddqnly a' wild dog, some, distance down the ravine, began his,dismal: howl, and I thought, as the sound rose and, fell on the still night air, I had never heard anything so .melancholy .or depressing. Whether it was the deathlike stillness of. everything else. around, me seemed to. increase the Intensity. of the doleful cry I. know not, but It appeared toime like the wail of a departed spirit in agony,. • I have often been camped by'myself in lonely, places before and since, and, heard the wild dog's howl n, the still hours of, the nighti, as then,, but I shall never, forget the, wretched warrigal's howl on the top of the Snowy Mountains. , Next morning our horses were close at hand, and we got away, in good time.. Weo;hadl not travelled far, before it suddenly clouded over, and a heavy, driving storm of rain and sleet set in, which continued long enough to make us cold, wet; and .uncomfortable, and' shutting, out; our landmarks, compelled. us to steer, by com pass; but it soon cleared off, and the,sun shone out again., About mid-day we made the fallsof the mountains at the head of the Murray, and a magnificent sight presented itself to our view. , All Victoria seemed laid at our, feet- plains and, forests, . hills and valleys as far as the eye could reach, while, far away, and. blue with distance, a high range of hills shut out the view. Here and; there'largo bush-fires were - raging, : the ;: plains looked .: like white dots, and the wholecountry seemed parched by the summer sun, so different to where: we stood, where all was fresh and green, the air bracing, and ,the :climate delightful. After we had feasted our, eyes some time on the seone, we commenced our descent; luckily,. we got on a leading spur, which' took us down without much trouble. As the sun was sinking, we made an old deserted hut, which the enterprising squatter owning the station had put up at some time or other to feed a flock of sheep from, as we could see from the remains of the old brush yard;. but as the timber was; very dense, and nothing but tall wild hops to be seen, the speo must have been a;batd one; how ever, It afforded us shelter for. theor night. We soon had a good fire blazing up the old chimney;, and' an armful or two of/ ferns made a very good impromptu ;mattress., Generally an empty hut In the bush is un safe to enter, as they are full of. fleas; but this one had been so long without tenants that the troublesome little insects had died of despair. The next morning we followed an old draystrack, ivhiclt' led us .;to the homestead, where we breakfasted. In- a few, days' easy travejllng we reached ,our own station, and so our journey ended. Dut I have. often, thought since that a v.ery agreeable time miglt.be espent by. two or three companions, who know something. of the bush and could, share the time, paying a visit to the region' I have attempted to describe. An artistwould be.well repaid, for nothing can ,oxceed the.beauty.of the scenery; all that would be required would he a pack.horse, to carry provisions and bedding,, a light tent, and a gun and am munition. Someday I hope, myself to ro* peat my trip accross the BSowy Mfountats. 