Ri ,, VVER LEVEN. (From our own Corespondent.) A lheay rain has now set in, which will prove thost welcome, after a long period of very dry weather. This last autumn has been the dryest on the coast that I remember for some years. If thoro had been any cor reapondeoe betwoon the yield of the crops and' the facilities for'gathering them farmers would hive no reason to be dissatisfied, but unfortinately as regards the Leven this is not the case. The quantity of wheat produced hord'this year falls very low indeed, while the greater part of it is of inferior quality. The red 'rust ieems to have been the principal can?iin bringing about this failure, though in some cases the agenoy of what is known as Eastern Blight is distinoctly recognisable Theeffects of the former were so severo that it was idtomed advisable to burn the crop without reaping'; this was done to a large ex. tent,' .Oats' also have boon affected with rust this"adaeiio on the 'attaw. The grain, how ever'doods'abt seem to suffer like wheat from this''oiiUeo "During, the dry weather buel Bres were very aottivc, and In Some cases re sulted in loss of property, The Moaeras. JowottiBrothors, farmers on the we. t aide of the Lovon, had their barn burnt with all this year's orop and part last, the latter consisting of wheat and stored in bags. The imploments of husbandry were also injured or destroyed, together with a unstoil assortment of mecha nio's tools, as the building was used as a gone rtl repository. The houso had a very narrow ascape, having caught fire thren times. The origin of the lire is suspected to have boon in the stringy.batk trees in the vielnity thtit had somehow become ignited from the fires raging in the bush adjacent. This is the third tinio these gentlemen have suflbred con siderably froml bush tiroes. On the present occasion, I believe, no ,part of the p'operty destroyed was insured. At the Forth, too, this capricious element has been productive of disaster. The Rev. Mr. Mathieson lost a quantity of fenoing that cost upwards of X20 In its oonstruction, beside a barn containing n small lot of hay. This accident was caused by a lighted match being thrown on the very dry grass by an injudicious smoker I As in other districts the feeling of indig nation is participated in here at the murder ous attack upon thb Prince. The abottora of that not seem to be unaware that in a popular Government like ours the heads of depart inonts am only to be considered as represen tatives of the people, who, if removed by assassination, would soon be replaced by others. This mistake occurs from confound ng the regime of old Rome with the liberal nstitutions of the present day. On religious subjects I may state that the onew place of worship at the Forth, in connee. lion with the Church of England, was opened for Divine service on Friday, 27th April. I had not an opportunity of being present, but I am informed there was a good attendance. On the Thursday following a bazaar, in aid of the building fund, was held in a large tent erected for the purposeo on the premises of Mr. A. Walker, west bank of the Forth. I am assured that the promoters of this under. taking have reason to congratulate themselves on the results asabvry article was fairly dii posed of. I did not hear the amount realised, but should judge from the large assortment of goods ofiered for sale that a considerable addition must have been made to the Church Building Fond. The building in progress at the Leven in connection with the same de nomination, to be used as a school-room, but in which Divine service will be conducted for the present, is liastenting towards com pletion. I suppose it would have been nearly ready for occupation by this had not ob jection been taken by the Building Committee to some of the materials proposed to be em ployed. It is to be hoped that no more delay will arise than cannot be avoided, as this will be the first regular place of worship of any importance erected on the Leven. In the meantime service is bold every Stabbath in Mr. Fogg's store, accompanied by a Sun day-school which takes place either bolbro or after church. This last institution is likely to prove of great advantage to the rising generation-as means of instruction oven in the rudimtnts are rare at the Leven. I am glad to find that several ladies are do voting their energies to this important work. Rain still pouring down. A tea-meeting was held in the Independent Chapel, at the Forth, a short time ago, which was intended to supplement the one hold in the latter part of last year, but which was not very successful in point of attendance in consequence of the inclemency of the weather. Unfortunately the last one was held under cir cumstances equally unfavorable, though of a different kind. It so happened at that time that bush-fires were so generally active that most persons weroafraid to leave their home steads, which caused a very poor attendance. The refreshments ou[ plied were of the usual admirable character, and seemed to meet with doo appreciation. The Rev. W. Law, from Launceston, was present on this occasion, and spoke, as well as several other gentlemen. Half past two-Rain still pouring down. April 7. 