" sXOLmsIOa'. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1868. BY an order which appeared in a late Gazetto thelicense fee for cutting and re moving timber from Crown lands has been reduced, with certain reservations, from £5 per annum to £3 per annum. As far as the order applies to Gippsland it will be received by those engaged in bush work as an act of justice on the part of the Executive. Up to the present date licenses were exacted only from those who were within reach of the Crown Lands Bailiff or his deputies, whilst many en gaged in cutting and removing timber in remote localities entirely escaped the burden of taxation. Whilst, however, agreeing with thejustice of reducing the license fee, it becomes a matter of sur prise that the Government has paid na attention to the recommendation of the Commissioners who were' some time ago i ppointed to inquire into the best moans I of securing the permanency of the state forests in Victoria. The Cdmmissioners recommended at the termination iof a voluminous, but at the same time valuable report, that large areas possessing climates and containing soils peculiarly favourable to the growth of forest trees, qhould be permanently resvcied and placed under the control of triistees. The press of the colony not only enidorsed this recommendation, but also went so far as to'assert that a board should be appointed for the purpose of protecting our state ftorests, and that large tracts of country at the heads of our'principal rivers should be'set aphrt and protected by special regulations. The question was, however, merely the agitation of n few days, and has since been ;forgotten. We do not revert to the subject because there is any aipprehensfi 'that there will be a scarcity dt timber in Gippsland for years to.come, ibr'do we beilieve that the utmost vigilance 6f 'ro'nwi lijjda officers could prevent the wviholesale waste of timber, which is ;arried on in many pprts of the ranges, but at the same time certain tracts of country known to contain timber of more than ordinary value, and which are well suited for the growth of those foreign trees which could not flourish so well in other parts of the colony, ought to be specially reserved. Gippsland will not always be denied the usual traffic facilities which are expected to keep pace with the progress and developement of a new and fertile country. No matter how remote the period, there will be a time when we will not only have a permanent en trance from the sea to the lakes but also an iron road to Melbourne, and when this time arrives our forests will probably be the principal dependence for a timber supply both to this and the neighbouring colonies, and it would be well in the mean time that the best portions of our forests should'not be ruthlessly destroyed for no particular object. On this subject the district surveyor of Beechworth, Mr Coopr, . who has had considerable ex perience in these ranges whilst stationed in the Omeo district, calls the attention of the public bodies in the Ovens to the reprehiensible and. unnecessary destrue. tion of.valuable forests, and suggests that they should. take combined action to remedy the' evil. He alludes to the wanton and reckless destruction of valu nole timber among these ranges-a de struction so wide spread and ruthless that, unless it is speedily checked, will result in disastrous consequences to the general interests of the community, and proceeds to say-" Travel in what direc. "tion you may, the samie scene ofdesola. " tio meets the eye. Hundreds- nay, " tlousands--really magnificent trees are " destroyed for the sake of a single sheet " of bark that may be used for a night or " a week, and then, in its turn, is left to " perish; and this mode of destroying " our most valuable forest trees is at the " present moment being carried on with a vigor and recklessness that would " almost induce the idea that sonime special " Legislative enetnmecn._had.-boen-- ud. drlnly aiidý strinigently put in force for " that particular purpose. Whether this " sudden development of Vandalism has " any connection with, or sympathy for, " the recent development of an almost "invaluable and inexhaustible mineral ".wealth, I cannot say, butit is a singular " fact that the two developments were " simultaneous, the Chinese especially " having in large numbers suddenly " devoted their time and talents to the " particular pursuit of stripping bark. Now, when we consider that not only " thi development of, but the remunera. " tion to be derived from our mineral " wealth is dependent in a great measure ":upon a cheap and plentiful supply of " good sound timber (without which no " miningoperations can be carried on to " advantage), we see at once the great necessity for adopting the most stringent " measures for the purpose of preserving " what-r6mains of that most.invaluable " adjunct to successful mining opera " tinns,;our indigenous forest trees.". What *o.uld Mr Cooper have said if he had witnessed the tremendous bush. fires tlhati raged through Gippsland during the past week P The entire country from Boiedole Plains halmost to tihe head of the Avon, and from Ben Crunchan to Free. stone Creclt, hasin been one sheet offame, whilst in the direction of Merriman's Creek, and in several other parts of the district, the devouring element has made havock among the forests. Nearly all, however, of these bush-fires among the ranges are the premeditated acts of pros pectors, and to apply the law to these pioneers of the interior would be next to impossible, and besides, in many places this system of clearing the country is at. tended with many advantages. It does not always follow that a rich gold-field and stately and valuable timber occupy the same area. In fact, good timbes seldom grows upon auriferous land, and especially along the banks of the Avon, up to Castle 1till and Mount Valencia the forest is the reverse of valuable. It may ultimately, however, be proved to contain rich mineral deposits, and the over luxuriant underwood which impedes the advancement of the prospector is much better swept away; but there are other places in the district, such as Eagle Vale and Shady Creek, where splendid forest trees tower upwards of 300 or 400 feet, and are par ticularly valuable for many purposes. Special tracts might be reserved both for the oreservation of timber, which now oc cupies the soil, and for the cultivation of those foreign trees which would not flourish in other parts of the colony. If the Victorian Alps are to be depended on in time to come as the forest lands of the colony, then the Government ought to take such steps as will prevent at least a few miles square of country embracing the more valuable descriptions of timber S ?".. lly and maliciously The Murray arrived at Clydebank on Thursday at one o'clock and left at three same afternoon, calling at Bairnsdale en route to Melbourne. Mr Liddiard is now encamped on Flynn's Creek, and several of the allotments applied for have been surveyed. The half yearly mustering of stock on the Bairnsdale Town Common will commence on IMonday. An important meeting of the Sale Turf Club will take place at the Royal Exchange h Iotel this afternoon. We are glad to learn that some very re quisite repairs are being executed by the Government to the bridge over the Latrobe on the track from the Moe to Russell's Creek. Tenders are invited by the Government for sundry repairs to the Wannangatta bridge on the main-road to the Crooked River. The adjourned meeting of the Alborton Shire Council was held on Friday, but the s business transacted was chiefly of a routine 3 and unimportant character. SMessrs. L. Bolden and VW. Little attended a at the Police Court, Stratford, on Wednes. day last, but had no business to dispose of. There were three cases set down for hearing, but they were either settled out of Court or I withdrawn, We perceive by the Government Gazette that Mr Edward Sydney Gutridge is to be temporarily appointed Mining Registrar for Stringer's Creek sub-division of the Gipps, land mining district, vice J. C. Nicholson I resigned. 1 Madame Carandini, Misses Rosina and Fanny Carandini, and Mr Walter Sherwin, old favorites in this district, are again upon a visit to (Gippsland, and will appear at the Mechanics'. Institute, Sale, on Monday, Tuezsday, and Wednosday next, when no doubt they will beo liberally patronised. :We o'ould remind land holders and in tending selectors under the Land Act 1865, that all allotments upon which the rents are overdue, or upon which the improvements required by the Act have not been made, will be declared forfeited and reproclaimed open for leasing at the several land offices on Tuesday, the twenty-ninth day of Do. comber next. Lessees whose improvements at the last inspection wore not of sufficient amount are requested to communicate with the Crown Lands Bailiff of the district, and state the nature and value of improvements (if any) effected since inspection. A robbery under suspicious circumstances in the vicinity of Rosedale was reported to the Police on Tuesday night last. Mr. John Wright, residing at the Old Avenue, having missed from his housea cheque for £4. How the robbery was effected seems a mystery, particularly as Mr. Wright, who has several men engaged upon his farm, entertains no suspicion of any of his employees. The warrant issued at the instance of the Chief Commissioner of the Insolvent Court, for the apprehension of Mrs P. H. M'Ardoll, for non-attendance as a witness was executed on Tuesday evening, and Mrs M'Ardell was taken into custody. It was arranged to convey her to Melbourne via the lakes and she was detained in a private house, under the surveillance of the police untilThursday, when she was to have proceeded to her deati. nation from Clydebank in the steamer Murray, but, we understand that, owing to the indisposition under which she labours, her departure has been postponed indefi. nately, meanwhile Mrs. M'Ardell is detained under police surveillance. The Argus says :-" Several rumours have been in circulation during the lait few days relative to an alleged split in the Ministry, and the resignation of Mr M'Culloch. That the Ministry is a particularly happy family no one for a moment.supposes, seinoo it wculd be ridiculous to expect accord amongst such in aongruous materials. On the contrary, it is notorious that what are termed 'the new men' are principally engaged in plotting against each other. There is however, no truth whatever in the report that Mr M'Culloch contemplates a visit to England, nor does he at present, we are happy to say, intend to resign the chief position in the Ministry in favour of either Mr Jones or Mr G. P. Smith-the two ardent aspirants for the office." Rumours are again afloat about the ex pected visit of some of the members of the Ministry to Gippsland, The Melbourne correspondent of the Ovens and Murray Advertler says that Mr. O. V. Smith, the Postmaster General, and Mr Casey, the Minister of Justice, intend to visit Gippa land, and to cross over the Victdrian Alps into the Beechworth district. Our Walhalla correspondent says the Minister of Justice and thd Prcsidlent of the Board of Land and Works are expected in Walhalla in a few days, and that the " Loyal liberals" are already making extensive preparations for a grand ovation. If report could he depended on,we might even be favorod with Mr Jones's presence, although many will not easily be induced to consider such an occurrence pro. bable, especially after sis late expression of opinion as to the amount of understanding possessed by our representatives in the Lakes deputation. We are not aware that any intimation has reached Sale of the ru. moured visit, but we have no doubt that duo notice will be given of so very important an event. A young man named Patrick Cahill met with a very dangerous accident whilst re turning to Stratford on Tuesday last. When passing the Half-way House his horse threw him, injuring him so severely that hbe lay in a' comatose state for a couple of days. He has now regained consciousness, how ever, and lies in a very precarious state at his residence in Stratford, whither he was conveyed shortly after the accident. An accident of a very serious nature oc curred on Wednesday afternoon to John Watkins, a water-carrier of Sale. It ap I pears that he was driving his water cart, sitting with his legs between the shafts, when he accidentally touched the horse on J the hock with his foot, and the brute com t menced plunging wildly. Watkins fell f under the hind legs of the horse, and after I being kicked violently the wheel of the f cart passed over his arm, breaking the t bone, and then came in contact with his t head, bruising it greatly. He was conveyed to Mr Shanklin's dispensary, near which y the accident occurred, and thence to the A correspondent at Rosedale writes n " Subscription lists having been forwarded to : the various townships in Gippaland for the t purpose of inaugurating a fund to supple. ment the resources of the creditors in Is various contemplated proseoutions re Johnson d and Johnston. Amongst other places a list was forwarded to Rosedale, and about £8 e subscribed there. The subscribers now wish n to know to whom the funds are to be handed." The committee of St. Mark's Church, Rosedale, have succeeded effectually in their endeavors to bring the Parochial Stipend Fund into a satisfactory state. After all liabilities in connection therewith are dis- charged they will be in possession of a sur- plus, which is intended for presentation to the outgoing clergyman. It The only business at the Sale Police a Court on Wednesday was the disposal of a case of drunkenness. A person named Atkinson had, it appeared, paid frequent de. votions at the shrine of the " jolly god," S r,nd eventually succumbed beneath the o strength of his potations, and sank into a d state of blissful oblivion in a convenient gutter, where he was discovered by Constable Gleeson, who forthwith conveyed him to the friendly shelter of the lock-up. The ' delinquent, on pleading extenuating cir cumstances, and expressing contrition, was fined sa, which being promptly paid he was liberated. >e The mails for transmission by the home. or ward bound mail steamer Geelong, will close at Sale as follows :-For registered letters 5 p.m. on Saturday, 5th December d for newspapers (via Marseilles excepted), t p.m. ; for ordinary letters 6 p.m. ; for news. papers via Marseillos, 6 p.m. Money orders must be obtained before 3 p.m. The mails rper Geelong, will close at the Rose. dale Post-office as under - For news. papers (via Marseilles excepted) at 7 a.m. Saturday, 5th inst.; for ordinary letters and newspapers, via Marseilles, at 7 a.m. Monday, 7th inst. Owing to the e placards rnot having been displayed at the Sale Post-office sufficiently early, we were unable to give this information in our pre· ceding issue, hence it will be of no avail at the present juncture to country sub. scribers. An inquisitive correspondent asks us a t question which probably some of the skilled tokologists of Gippeland may be able to answer. It seems that during the past five or six months births of male children have been the exception in the Sale district. In fact, during that period there have not been o more than one per cent. of male infants born in Sale and the surrounding district, whilst in the up-country localities, especiallyin the r neighborhood of the ranges, female births have been the exception. The 42nd town. ship is given as an instance in which, during the past three months, there has been only one girl born out of some fifteen additions to the population, and this was one of two at a birth. We are asked to explain the phenomenon, and plead our inability to do so. Some months since it will be remembereod one Talbot was summoned by the town herdsman for allowing his pigs to trespass on the Sale Borough Common. The action was defended and Mr. Bushe, who represented the defendant, contended that pigs not being comprehended in the term "cattle" used in the 24th section of the "' Pounds Statute," managers of the common were not em powered to impound pigs, and hence not justified in proceeding for trespass. After a great deal of arguing betweeoon the attorney for the defendant, and Mr. Patten, who appeared for the managers, the Bench coincided with Mr. Bushe's view of the law, and dismissed the case. Notice of appeal was then given, and the appeal case has been heard by the judges of the Supreme Court, who confirmed the decision of Mr. Foster, P.M. Tno judgment of the Court delivered by his Honor the Chief Justice wasas follows: -The power of a manager of a common to distrain is derived under section 48 of the Land Act 1805. That act was an amending act, passed to remove doubts and to explain difficulties which had arisen under the Land Act of 1862. The last mentionedaet did not mention sheep and goats as distrainable. Section 48 of the new not mentions cattle, sheep, and goats. The power to the manager, under this section to distrain, is given in three ways :- slet. Every manager of a com mon may dintrain cattle, sheep, and goats trespassing on a common-pige are not mentioned. 2nd, The manager shall bho taken to be the owner of the common within the meaning of any impounding Act. It was contended that this gave the manager a power extensive enough to distrain pigs, a power which an owner of private land would have. Tho Pounds Statute contains no definition of the "owners of land" except as to waste lands. 3rd. He is to be taken to have the same power of preventing trespass as any bailiff for his owner would have. And it was contended that this gave him power to distrain everyanimal. If the litter part of the section stood alone it would lvoe ample power; but the whole section u, be read together, and the latter part appliq only to the animals mentioned in the fi part, that is to say, "cattle, sheep, a goats," otherwise we should have to hold t first and second unnecessary and meani less. We cannot do that; we think decision of the justices was right." It will be seen by advertisement another column that tenders are invi until three o'clock on Tuesday the 2 inst. for the lease of the Woodside a Bruthen (South Gippaland) toll gates for year 1869. Tenders will be received until Saturd 12th December, for the supply of fuel various Government departments at Sale the year 1869. The following mining lease has been clared void :-Gippsland District-Strin Creek Division.-Lease No. 25, dated November, 1868 ; E. M. James; 20a Or north of Black Diamond Claim, Walhall It appears that Toongabbi is not to b the background in the matter of ma I provisions for sports during the feati r Christmas season. A programme of has been prepared, to cbme off on Mon e the 28th November, which will be foun a another column. d The conference of land selectors on b nesday waited upon the Minister of L e for the purpose of laying before him onals adopted by them on Tuesda \- the amendmiifft- of-?fhiTaudAet. ju ir ;o said the Government were prepared to e such concessions as were consistent wit interests of the rest of the community. a intended to place selectors under the n section in the same position as eel it under the 12th section, and provide tha 8 rent for the next year should be at the h of 2s per acre. The deputation consist se gentlemen from various parts of the co Gippsland being represented by Mr Wi s, of Toongabbi. ir The remains of a human being were d covered by a man named Thomas 11 11 near Russell's Creek, on Wednesday, s. have since been identified as those o r. Hinchcliffe. Hassett states that on or ;o the 26th October last, Hinchcliffe had at the Hawthorne Creek, and left that t in company with a friend named Burg a proceed to Russell's Creek by If d station. The two men called at H e. hut, and after staying for some time l pointed out to Hinchcliffe the track, as se proceeded by himself ; Hinchcliffe a been seen since. Hassett, as seoon it discovered the remains, reported the ci Le stance to Mr Gadd, at Russell's Creek ;o at once forwarded information to Con s Smyth, at Traralgon; and an inquea r. held to.day. is Title deeds are now ready for issue so following persons, upon payment of f Jane Amey, Sale; R. Barnes, Bairo s. William Brown, Sale,: Campbell and 11 bell, Traralgon ; Honora Jacobs, d Timothy Keleher, Bundalaguah; A. Kelly, Dargo ; John Lace, Sale; 6 Mather, Bairnedale; Joseph Morgan, s. dale ; C. G, Morgan, Bainsdale; Ni .s Power, Bairnedale ; Edward Ryan, Is dale ; John Talbot, Sale; James 5\. Bairnsdale; Denis Valsh, Bairnsdalo s. W. Wilson, Sale. ? A meeting -of the 'comiilttee of the y dale Mechanics' Institute took place on 7 day evening, to devise a plan for the f p working of the institute, its funds not e in as prosperous a.. condition as con e desired. There was a proposal to s. temporary building to keep the boo it and to give up the reading room, as al various newspapers, etc., now taken i is surely worth while in the members a institute to exert themselves, althou d in number, and by endeavoring to o a larger circle of subscribers, preve e institute from becoming a mere I e library. The Rosedale people are anxiously Io out for any intimation on the part n Government of their intention to e t 1869 the long talked of police quarter e lock.up. Tenders were once advertise one was reported to be accepted ; this nothing further can be he the matter. It is a disgrace to oivilsat contemplate the quarters allotted for purposes in Rosedale, insufficient in ei the accommodation of any married m of the force, a stable which, to look man who had a respect for his horse hesitate in locating it in, and nothiO Sthe time honored bullock chain and p a available for the security of a prisoner a over dangerous he may be. It is surd some change was made. From the remarks of a correspondent " pot hunters" would seem to be as pesent about Rosedale as they were some time ago in Sale. Regularly as each Sunday ... round as regularly are the reports of ... arms to be heard from morning till evening, particularly in Blind Joe's Creek and waterholes thereabouts. Either the present dry season must have been particularly adapted to snipe, or else the breeding ducks are the victims of this everl... Cockney sportsman fusilade. We believe that the Police Act does not apply to ... dale, and that there are no means of prevent- ing not only the merciless slaughter of the fowl out of the season, but also the ha... desecration of the Sabbath. If this b... case, the sooner Rosedale is placed ... position for the guardians of the law t... terfere the more agreeable it would be ... feelings of those who are disposed to ... Sunday as a day of rest, and the b... would be the protection for the nume... denizens of the creeks and lagoons. The rather enteicate ease of illegal tion, Johnston v Davis, whioh has bees journed from a previous day for the dation of matters by the producli witnesses, was called on for hearingt Sale Police Court on Tuesday . Foster, Esq., P.Mi., the Mayor, a5 Guthridge Esq., J.P.. occupying the Mr; Bushe appeared for complains Mr Patton represented the delen Complainant had 'beebn an emplnOy defendant's, and had agreed to purcha cow of the latter for £6 the ded0Ct0 which sum he was to allow from his '~ but he did not remain in the serdc Davia nsufficiently long to allow of the of the cow being withheld, and the pr tedious investigation the benoch a order for the payment of a small wages accreing to complainant, and directed that the cow should be handed over to com plainant, on payment of the original purchase mnoney, £6. A man named James Cum. mings escorted from Grant by the police on a charge of lunacy was brought up, and as his demeanour proved him to be labouring under mental aberration, he was remanded to gaol for seven days for medical treat ment. A public meeting of the inhabitants of Mfaffra, Tinamba, and the surrounding neighbourhood was held in the Presbyterian Church, Maffra, on Tuesday afternoon, to promote the erection of a suitable school house in the district. The meeting was very influentially attended. Mr. Carpenter senior occupied the chair. After some pro-. liminary discnusion, Mr. Morrison moved "That a building for school purposes is urgently required." The mover narrated at length the difficulties that had to be over come in the establishment of a school in their neighbourhood three years ago, and com plained of the treatment they had received at the hands of the Board of Education in the first instance pointing out that although the school had been recognised by the Board In their own community, no aid had been granted for some time, thereby entailing pnot only conasierablo trouhle, but no little expense upon the committee. Since the pre. sent teacher had been in office their school had continued to progress, and it was now in a very flourishlncoudition, as mupst be su c yevdenoed by the necessity which existed at the present juncture for increased accommodation. He assured the meeting that the Board of Education were perfectly satisfied with the conduct of the school, and in substantiation of this statement, road a letter from the Board, expressive of satis. faction at the result of the inspection of the school. The Rov. Mr. Roberts seconded the resolution, endorsing the remarks of Mr Morrison, dilating upon the benetits of education, and showingthenecessity for united action in the movsnement that had been begun. The motion was carried unanimously. It was moved by Mr Campbell, seconded by Dr. Norris, and agreed to nem. con., " That a building at a cost of.£250 be commoncel so soon as the committee can make the neces airy arrangements." Mr Walker then moved, Mr W, S. Williams seconded, and it was carried, "That the local committee be re. quested to obtain subscriptions in aid of the building fund, and this meeting pledges itself to support the local committee in the matter." Subscription lists were opened in the room, when the following donations were made :-Mr John Carpenter, £10 10 s; Mr J. C. J, Johnson, £5 5s; Rev. Mr Roberts, £5 ; Mr Arthur Morrison, £0. In addition to this, Mr William Merry guaran teed to raise £20, and Mr Campbell £10, towards the object. We must congratulate our Maffra friends upon the very promising start that has been made in thi. laudable work; and as the Board of Education will defray one moiety of the £250, which it is estimated the building will cost, there will be little difficulty experienced-to judge from the present aspect of affairs-in raising the balance (£125` by local contribution. The sale of the landed property of the late Daniel Cuddihy, of the Nuntin tragedy notoriety, which is situated a short distance out of Stratford, took place on Tuesday, at the rooms of Mr A. Macarthur, when the house and land were knocked down to Mr Patten for the sum of £130, subject to a mortgage. Some days previously a quantity of slabs on the premises were pur- chased by Mr Monaghan for a few shillings, and on his removing the timber he discovered a "plant" of bullock chains, bows, hobbles, and a number of miscellaneous articles, in the aggregate of the value of £9. One of the chains Mr Monaghan identified as his own property, and a brass tap was discovered among the multifarious collection which was found to be identical with one that had been stolen from the promises of the Rev. Father Hayes, which are adjacent, a few months previously ; so that it would appear the thief failed to discriminate between "his reverence" and other mortals. The house of the murderer and suicide was certainly stocked with some very strange commodities. Something like three dozen pocket knives, similar to those he had employed in his deed of blood, were found secreted in the tene ment, together with parcels of shot of all sizes, flasks of powder, bullets, and other descriptions of ammunition. The premises have been associated of later with many strange rumours, originating in the fertile brain of the more superstitious residents of the neighborhood. Lights are alleged to be observed flitting from room to room of the deserted house at night, and strange noises are said to have been heard within, as of some person whetting knives; so that the place is looked upon by many with a vague feeling of awe, and more than one otherwise valiant individual, despite the amount of "Dutch courage" which they had infused into themselves, have been known to prefer a shake- down in Stratford to travelling by the home- stead after nightfall. The following ad ditional particulars respecting the murderer may not be devoid of interest to our readers: \- Daniel Cuddihy was originally sentenced to 15 years' transportation from Tipperary for threatening his landlord under what is known as the "Molly Manguire's" system, by forwarding him rude illustrations of coffins, pistols, &c.; Whilst undergoing the sentence in Tasmania, Cuddihy was accused of the murder of a man in the Blackbrush, but the evidence was not sufficiently strong to support a conviction, and he was sub sequently set at liberty, with an intimation that he was to appear when called upon at any future date ; and as criminating circum- stances afterwards came to light, with the knowledge of Cuddihy, he made his escape from Tasmania and settled in Gippsland, where his last crime involved his self- destruction. A saend accident took place in the Sydney harbour on Tuesday. Two youths went out on a fishing excurason with some other boys. In trying to pull up the anchor, James Oatley, one of the number, fell overboard. His brother William, aware that Jamnes could not swim, jtnmped in after him, but was unable to save huin, nad both were drowned. Deceasedl were nehlews of, Mr J. Oatley, member of the Aeseambly. Richard Wilson, charged with attempting to criminally assaiult Louisa Milless on the Brighten road, was brought before the City Court on Tuesday, and disclarged. Edwin Kentish, bhother to hIis emnployer, swor to having changed the horses In the prisoner's cab when he went home for that purpose at the usual time on the ovening of the 16th, TIhe BIenchl said the girl's evidence was very strong ; but as Wilson had proved an alibi at d the time the assault was sepposed to have 1\. been committed, and as the girl's ewidence was unsupported they would give him the betnelit of the doubt, and discharged him. The Panama Company have decided that n the December mail steamer is the last which ,s shall llave Sydney for Panama, and that the g steamer due next month will be the last one from Panama. The Mataura, s.s., which brought the present mail, will proceed to Melbourne, thence to London direct, by the Cape Horue route. The Scotch College Athletic Sports, which took place on Monday on the Melbourne cricket g'und, passed off in the most satis. factory manner possible. There was a long o programme, but every event was started with punctuality, so that the sports were concluded within the time specified; and the prizes were afterwards presented to the successful competitors by bliss Manners Sutton, who arrived on the ground, with his Excellency the Governor, early in the after. noon. Freeman was the winner of the Scotch College Cup, established for old collegians, he having obtained the greatest number of points in the three events. The reserve around the pavilion was crowded, a large proportion of those present being of the gendler sex, who appeared to take a great interest in the athletic exercise of the pupils, past ard present. The other portions of the ground were not largely patronised, notwithstanding that there was no charge made for admission. A collision took place in the West Channel on Tuesday afternoon hetween the eteamnship Alexandra and the iron schooner Cleopatra., both outward bound. The steamer did not suffer much, but the schooner was cut down to the watter's edge; being co?utructed of iron, however, she was saved fomr sinking by her watertight cormpart. merts. - - Thie lerald records the following coura geous act on the part of a professor :--" We are informed that, on Monday afternoon, a waterman's boat containing Mr Everard, a squatter, at present residing in Napier.street, and his two sisters, was upset on the River Yarra, just below Johnston-street Bridge, and the whole party precipitated into the writer. A gentleman who rappened to be on the river bank close by, and seeingthe imminent danger in which tile parties were, at once divested himselofh Ihis shoes and outer gar. mcents, and plunged into the water. Happily, by his courageonls conduct, he was the means of saving the w hole party, and bringing them to shore,. The gentleman was Professor M'Hale, of Stanislans C'ollege, Neow South Wales, and, we believe, a nephew of the Roman Catholic Bishop of Tuam, in Ireland. It is said that Mr lM'Hale displayed similar counageous conduct in October, 1866, in New South W\ales" We understand that Pro fessor M'Hale is closely related to Mr. J. Ml'Hrlr, of Maiffa. The Argus has the following paragraph relative to missing friends :-"The Panama and New Zealand Company's steamship Tararua, which sailed on baturdaylast, took away from amongst us one who will be missed. His departure was so unobtrusive that his friends did not know theor loss till next day, when the news spread. This voluntary exile from Mlelbourne society is stated to be Mr. Henry Alexander .Bruce, a civil servant in the Cuatomis department, who has achieved something of a name by his extraordinary success as .an amateur actor, and by his social accomplishments. His abilities seem, unfortunately, to have been also directed to more objectionable pursuits than playing on the stage on charit able benefit niglhts. He has left Melbourne so deeply involved that his unpaid debts are said to amount to somethinglike £3,000, and his fellow clerks and closest intimates ap. pear to be the victims. It is not known that he has catried of with hun a large stock of money, but this time will show. It is thought that his capture is certain. One of his recent transactions is said to give more than colour to.a criminal charge, end upon this the necessary authority has been sent from Mel. bourre'to Sydney to an officer of police, who proceeded by the P. and N. Z. Company's s,s, IRakaia, which sailed on Wednesday for Wellington, to secure Mr Bruce's re appear anco in Mellbournre- this time upon a new stage, and before a less indulgent audience than he has been accnstnomed to." 