CURRENTTOPICS. The two morning papers of tlje metro polis are both satisfied that the so- ealled l; chicken-pox,"(now prevalent and increas ing in Melbourne, is~ the veritable small pox introduced by the Avon Vale. " The Argus supplies a very able and exhaustive article on the subject, and it plainly appears that it is the true variola or small-pox, and not the varicella or chicken-pox, but that it :is . at-: present exhibited in a mild form. This cannot be too soon generally known for the benefit of all—concealment and glossing it over is an imprudent and very unwise course; when the real and true state of the case becomes public, if the Government of their own motion trill not be on the alert, it is time for the inha bitants to urge it into prompt action. ' Housekeepers will doubtless be glad to observe by a notice that apiiears elsewhere, that a'furtlier reduction has been made in the price of bread. We ihjnk the public will be much pleased to learn that the Traders and Citi zens Association, which was so useful in watching oyer the interests of the. town, is to be forthwith revived and reorganised, a meeting being called for- the purpose to morrow evening at the mechanics'- insti tute, the chair-to be taken by Mr It. de . Bruce Johnstone at 8 o'clock precisely. ,. With reference to the case of Mrs Hopper, who lately accomplished the feat ; of walking. i'rojn: Maryborough, carrying her sick child, we are- informed that sub scriptions have been.sent in from' various parts of the colony, and there is rioiy pro bably over £20 available fot her. In stating the . circumstance we omitted to' mention that the poor woman had been in Geeiongfa. week - before"; >ve became ac quainted with the particulars, and that she had been very kindly received, and with her child, sheltered during that time by Mrs ] Wall, of. the Phoenix Hotel. The chiid since its admission to the hospital has gained strength very rapidly, and will pro bably soon be in a state warranting the performance of the - operation which must be donebeforclt can be relieved. On Saturday an accident occurred at Mr M'Haughten's farm,-Iuverleigh, resulting iu a young nian named George Mlfaugh ten, son of the proprietor .of the farm, having bis arm broken. ; Thev were en gaged in threshing with a steam threshing machine when the drum burst, and part of it striking the young M'Haughtcn; broke his arm. Tie was brought to the Geeiong . Hospital and is now doing very well, ; \- 'Major -Wallace, who is about to leave Ballarnt, was on Friday last presented ■ by the officers of H.M. Gaol with an address, acknowledging in flattering terms the man ner in which he has performed the duties i of sheriff-for several years. * On Saturday at the Central Police Court the principal business was to deal'with a man who was charged with obtaining board and lodging by means of false representa tions froim-the-landlord of- the Galatea Hotel, Moorabool-street. A clear case was made out for the prosecution, but the pri soner stated that he had no intention of defrauding- Mt-Higgins, and had a swag which would more than pay all he owed. The Bench remanded him until to-day in order that the police might make enquiries regarding this statement. ; The holidays seem to have had an effect leyen on ^solymtv lor-: during- the past week there has not been a. single schedule filed in Geelong. •■ ■ ■ . At both the Phoenix and Crown hall courts on Saturday there was a large atr tendance, and some very good play was exhibited. At the Phoenix there were several Melbourne players and some excel lent games were played by them with local players.' Our Melbourne correspondent writes:— " An opinion is gaining ground that the Goxernmcnt are carrying their retrench ment 'policy to the region of the penny wise and pound foolish. I fail to see how, as a country, we are gainers by allowing a number of men to retire ontwo, three,"and, five hundred a year, to go home and spend' that, instead of letting them have double the amount, do some work for it, and spend what tbey get in the colony. Then tl^c large amount of capital that will be withdrawn .by Kiaciy of them taking their compensation money, and investing it in other countries. The coWpehsation inoiiey and pensions will form as great an itc;m in the next estimates as though the civil -sei vants had been let alone, and it is this which causes the Ministry so much anxiety. More of this anon." The hush fire we reported upon in our Saturday's issue, extended, we are informed, right up to Colac. At Birregurra it came down close to the ijjaiij road; 1 A meeting of the Regatta Commit e» ivill be held this evening, at the Victoria Hotel. It .has been mentioned to us as a angular fact,' that only one hotel keeper in town has taken the trouble to canvass; this is surprising, but we trust they will yet stir themselves and lend a helping-hand, for they are the parties who wOl reap the greatest benefit by the regatta being success. t The" amateur yacht race creating no little interest, the chief ques tion. being as to the meaning of - the word amateur, many stating that any owner of a yacht that has ever - sailed his boat for money will not be allowed to compete. This is a question that the 'committee would do well to decide upon at their meeting this evening. If owners of yachts who have ever sailed for money arc de barred, both Major - Heath / and • another gentleman likely to enter will be prohi bited from so doing. The statement made in the town edition of the. Australasian, to the effect that the weights for the Geelong Handicaps had oozed out, gave rise to much discussion among our local sporting men on Saturday. The writer in the Australasian gave it as his opinion that the handicappers them selves had not given the information and this would lead his readers to inter that it must have been divulged by the' secretary of'the Club. Fortunately for that gen tleman lie did not receive'the letter con taining the handicaps until Friday evening, i and therefore he could not have been the culprit, even if he had wished to be so.. In the programme it is stated that the, weights will appear in the Australasian of the 6th j of February, but we would recommend the ' stewards who are to -meet this afternoon,' at four o'clock, to make the Weights known at once, and so place everybody-on an equality. If the weights have oozed out as stated, it will be manifestly unfair for them to keep a portion of the public in the dark until the. sixth of next month. We also notice that a meeting of the general committee will he held this evening for the purpose ?of proposing and electing new: members, A full attendance is therefore anticipated . For some time past the success attend ing, whaling operations conducted from the ports of the neighboring colonies of Tas mania and Hew South Wales has attracted considerable attention in Victoria. Within the past month a vessel has been fitted out by a firm in Melbourne, and sent on a cruise for the same purpose. This - has been duly noted by the press, and venous; articlespointing out theprofit to he made and the wealth to be obtained from this source; have appeared. Geelong, we are glad to be able f o state, has, with commendable promp titude, taken steps for the advancement of the industry, and. these steps,"with the assistance of a number of influential Bal ilarat men, which is already promised, are -likely to be succesefnl. It has been deter mined to form a Whaling company with jits 'head-quarters' here, and already a large number of shares have been bespoke. The propoWl is that the company shall have a capital, of- £10,000,' in 4000 shares of £2 10s each, and this if is' anticipated, will be sufficient to equip and fit/ out three vessels .with' stores, and "all" necessaries for a lengthened cruises. At an impromptu meeting of a number of influential Geelong gentlemen held on Saturday evening, it -was determined that the company should be formed on the basis stated, and 680 shares Were taken up iipmediately. Since then, further promises .of support have been received, and now about one fourth ot the shares have ■ been taken up. This speaks well for the enterprise of the parties concerned," aild tllere is no doubt that it -will be successfully carried out. It is to be regretted that''g more vigilant watch is not kept in tbe neighbourhood of the Queen's Gardens on a Sabbath. By some means which have not as yet been accounted for, fire was set to the grass in the gardens yesterday, and had it not been for the timely assistance rendered by Mr Cooper apd Mr Alfred Ibliotson, who laboured hard and cyentually extinguished the blaze, the/ whole of the grass and probably the fence and clumps of English trees, which have cost the trustees so much time and trouble to lay out, would have "been destroyed. We have before now referred to the necessity .of a member of the police force being told off to keep watch on Sundays, in order to prevent destruction, and as the gardens are for the recreation of the inhabitants of South Bar Won ; and " Newtown pud Chilwell,. an arrangement might- be inade whereby a member of the force from each district may he appointed to keep guard on alternate Sundays. ■ ' .... - , A meeting of the Botanical Gardens Committee took place on Saturday at Mr C. Ibbotson's office, when there were pre- sent the Mayor, and Messrs A. Buchanan, C, Ibbotson, and J. R. Morris. Mr Ibbot- son occupied the chair. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and con- firmed. Sundry accounts were passed, and the curator read a report informing the meeting that during the long recess conse- quent upon the deadlock, the usual monthly meetings had been interrupted and that the present report was an annual one instead of the usual monthly one. The report further informed the committee that notwithstanding the long delay the gardens had been kept in the most perfect order, and their general efficiency had not been impaired as upwards of 35,000 trees and plants had been distributed to public insti- tutions throughout tbe colony. The local bodies had also received due attention. Mr Bunce in his report further intimated that H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh had visited Geelong in the interim, and the gardens had liberally supplied decorative material and plants, and that he (Mr Bunce) had given his personal attention on the occasion. The Prince had also planted a tree in the gardens which was likely to form one of the most interesting and per- manent record's of his visit to Geelong. After, the reading of the report the meeting adourned.' ; iThe week .pf prjypr was brought to a close last evening by" a monster meeting at "the Mechanics' Institute. At the hour tbe service .was announced to commence "the hall was crowded, and hundreds were after wards compelled to go away, being unable to obtain admission. Xot* only was the body of the ball crowded, but also the platform,-.where the Rev W B Landells presided, being supported right and left by tlieKevs A.. J. Campbell, Sladg. M'Kenzie; Bickford, Stephenson, and Price. * 'rn'" dress of tbe evening was delivered by the Bey D: M'Kenzie, who chose for his subject '1 Pentecostal outpurings."- It was the first time that many present had had tbe pleasure of listening to Mr M'Kenzie,-who is comparatively a recent arrival, and wc think we express the opinion of Ms hearers when we state that one and all were highly interested. Mr M'Kenzie is not a showy speaker, he is of the quiet, fervent stamD. and. his utterances last evening were listened to with-the attention that they deserved. One could have almost heard a pin fall so quiet was his audience. Dur ing the evening "there; was prayer and singing, the latter causing the handsome hall to echo again. * Never have we heard such a volume of sound in the building. The collection only amounted to £.8 13$ 3d, about the same as last year, and sutficient to cover expenses, Jt was not so large, however, as we should have anticipated from such a meeting. If everybody had given a shilling there would probably have been between £50 and £60 collected. Shillings, however, appeared to be. scarce, threepenny and fourpenny pieces being as plentiful as blackberries. ' The ine/Seient manner in which the hall at the Mechanics* Institute lias hitherto been illuminated has often - been com mented upon by visitors to the town," arid 1 has been the means of making the hall at night present quite a shabby appearause IVe are glad, then, to notice that the Com mittee have completely changed the aspect pf affairs by commissioning Mr King to Supply mid 'fcc three handsome sunlights. These were "lighted last evening for the first time, and' were, a very great: improve ment. On Saturday evening, on the arrival of the . Colac coach, Constable Casey arrested a man named Thomas Purcell on a charge of stealing a cheque of £4 5s 8d from th# person of "William. AVliitehcad at Colac. The offence was committed about two months since in the bar of a hotel, and a ■warrant was issued for the arrest of the prisoner. The cheque was duly cashed, and the document has been recovered since by the police, although, of course, quite useless to the owner except for purposes of •prosecution. AVe (Argus) understand that, after all. Parliament will meet about the second week in February. As no provision has been made for the payment of the civil servants for January, it is necessary that the two Houses should meet as early as postiblc. : The Botanical Gardens, as usual on Saturday afternoons, since the band of the 1st Geelong Artillery corps has been play- ing there every week, was again lively with visitors on Saturday last, from the time the music usually commences until the programme was completed. The most interesting selection played was the Corio March, a composition by the Rev H. B. Power, and a very excellent piece of music. The original score was placed in the hands of Mr Walker, who it is almost needless to say, took care that justice should be done to it by the fine band under his direction. The capacity of the stomachs of hnraan beings must certainly be tinder estimated, judging by what occurred the other night in the lock-up. The prisoner, who was arrested for obtaining board and lodging fcy means of false representation, drank no less than seven' dippers full of water during the night he spent under the care of the lock-up keeper. . This official had, as he supplied the successive quantities of water, serious doubts as to where it went to, hut on examination found that it was not thrown on the floor of the cell, and had' i not been otherwise disposed of excepting down the throat of his charge, and his doubts were consequently; removed. The cause of this ; extraordinary love for water was, it is understood, heavy drinking It would be a very good mode of making converts to the " cold water army" to give a specified number a "spree", and then limit them to water, when the consumption of the proper quantity could be warranted, judging by what tnis man drank. On Saturdoy evening Constable Casey made an arrest which reflects considerable credit on his acuteness. Some months since a cheque was stolen from a man at Winchel seaj and the offender after cashing it got clear away, and all that could he done was to give a description.- to the police. The thief was not heard of, however, until Saturday- evening, • when the constable mentioned, on the arrival of the coach, saw a man who'; answered the description'pub lished in the "Police Gazette," and arrested him. It has since turned out, we believe, that the prisoner will be fully identified as the offending party. . * During Saturday night the stables of Mr George Allen, butcher, residing in Paking tou street, were entered, and a horse saddle and bridle were stolen. > The horse was in the stable, unharnessed, bnt the thief Jwas impudent-'enough to saddle and bridle it and ride off. The whole, was valued at £30. Yesterday, a man named William Henry Smythe, was arrested for the offence and the horse was recovered. The saddle and bridle were afterwards found hid in a scrub. Some time ago we stated" that a few hares had been seen at Messrs Weber Bro.tliers'.and Mr Love's properties .on the Moorahool. We now learn that they have become very numerous. Mr Charles Thetaz, of the Prince Albert vineyard, on the Colac road, has been more fortunate than most vignerons this season; his Hermitage vines, we are informed,3 prov mise to give a most magnificent yield. It is anticipated that although, the- yield., of grapes will be smaller this year ■ than last, that the wine made from them will he of a very superior quality. What constitutes a crowd of shipping? According to our contemporary of Satur day last three barques and a schooner afford sufficient pabulum to be dignified by the term a crowd of shipping! Verily, little things assume an undue importance in the eyes of little minds, and our cqn? temporary's ideas on the head just men tioned seem to be only on a par with his ideas of "immense quantities of tallow." Goaded at being proved a plagiarist in the matter of the Earrabool Shire Council re ports, and made snappish by the absurdity of his aforesaid ideas of immensity being' held, up to view, he is only too anxious to find some vulnerable point to reach usi and so oqly further discloses his own* weakness.. In attempting to prove that we were wrong in stating that- there'was very littli}, shipping at the Yarrq-street Pier,'he only, proves that his own ideas ot a small quatir titjr of .shipping must be something so.infi niteiy small as not to be worthy of men-1 tion at all.1- It is assuming, such impor tance as. our contemporary does at times that,'has brought Gcelong into such dis-" repute as it has suffered under. ■ > Thousands qf sand ants could he seen' flying in.dpnse clouds ahqut the ficach and. 'wharves on Saturday morning," ami were a ' source 9? annoyance to :pedestrians and pikers " . j -It.is staled that no les3 than sixty-five of the men employed at the Williamstown' rail way. works were discharged from the service on Friday on one week's notice. Some of these men have been for two years andupward'in the service of the Govern ment, : • Portland must indeed be a healthy place! . The "Western Times says " It, speaks will'for the sanitary condition of tlje town, when we state the" fact, that or the month ending 31st December not a single death was registered in Portland ; and during the past three months only .-firg deaths have occurred, three, of which were persons aged from fifty to sixty-eight, and one of these a gaol consignment from Hamilton. .. The Collingwood-Advertiser is respon sible for the following:—"It'is rumoured that strenuous endeavours are being made to reinstate - the Hon. C. E. Jones as a. member of the Orange Society, from which he was expelled two years ago. -He was nominated "■ in Van.-Hp-country, lodge re cently; but. until he formally.'applies in. writing to* the grand lodge, he cannot -he received hack into the order." ; Friday's Gazette notifies that Mr Moore, the under-secretary, lias retired from the : public service under the, provisions of-the Civil - Service Act; and- that Mr AY". H. Odgers, chief clerk in tlie Chief Secretaiy's office,*' has been appointed to be his successor. - ' • 1 ' Most of the cropsthroughout the Western district (says the Free Press) have been cut; and carting stacking, and threshing are being actively proceeded with. Rust and the caterpillar-have made sad hayoc in the- oat crops, especially in. tartarian, and tke'yield this.harvest is therefore expected - to be much smaller than last year. "'! The Ballarat Star reports:—Friday was by far the hottest day that has been expe rienced in the district this season. In.the -morning"' the'' sultriness,' unrelieved 'l>y almost even the slightest breath of wind, was completely prostrating, while the smoke from bushfires was so prevalent that it seettied' as* jf the bush was oh fire in every direction*. At Sinyihesdaie for several hours, owing to the density of the smoke', tho eye was unable to penetrate much further than the surrounding ranges. To wards midday the heat became still more intense everything seeming to he steeped in one white scorching glare. A slight, but grateful, breeze eventually sprang up in the south west, and greatly mitigated the fervor of the sun. Bushfires continued in all directions during the day, and consider ing the number of small residence areas now taken up in the • bush, many of the crops and homesteads, jf they have escaped must doubtless have been in '■ imminent danger. Water too, at a time like this, is correspondingly scarce. The greater num ber of the dams, reservoirs, wayside ponds, &c;, are all dried up, or at all events are drvinn- up at an almost incredible rate, and generally speaking, very serious conse quences art, apprehended. A very large lire has been raging for the last two -days in Bullarook Forest, in the vicinity 'OF Kocky Lead. Dense, clouds of smoke have lueeti hnnging over the district.."for miles/ hutthe flames are dying out, and no serious damage has as yet been heard of. ! A singular and somewhat amusing scene occurred the. other morning on board the good steamier Express, , while wending its watery way to the metropolis. The .deck was pretty well crowded with passengers. At one end sat a group of elderly women, who for their own amusement and delecta tion, and we suppose for the edification of others, set up a strain of psalmody after the present fashion of the little bovs in the streets, the same sacred refrain being the burden of the chaunt. . At the other, end sat a number of young Ballaratians, who, it being holiday time, were in gay spirits,' arid who perhaps had taken care not to' hare damped them by any potations they might have drank, and who thought they' were entitled to give the company the benefit of their tuneful voices. They set rip theveiy opposite strain to the ancient women at .the other end,' and while you saw long faces polling there, mirth and joviality, was the order of the day in the proximity of the comical denizens of the golden city. The audience were in great straits what to do, whether to laugh, or cry for their misdoings, and the quiet passenger was perplexed how to maintain his neutrality. jStow we humbly think that this kind of disturbance of the public peace and the pensive reflections of the quiet passengers, induced thereto by the easy motion of the vessel and placid calm upon the face of the waters, should be prit a stop to, and a code of regulations for the orderly conduct of passengers while on hoard be conspicuously posted rip about Che steamer in clear type, the penalty to he, for obstinate .oflenders a sudden immersion in : the salt element, to take the risk of being \ safely rescued.- TVe must not omit to men tion that the Ballaratians were the con querors on the occasion. : Ap sportsman and his pointer were (says the Ararat Advertiser) beating ' stubble and other fields very, industriously one day. last week in the hope of raising quaiL They had ^travelled over much likely look irig ground, 'and the heat of the day, to gether; with the' exertion, had tended to dull the.keeriness of both for sport When nearly exhausted, however, Nimrod per ceived undoubted, evidences of something on the part of his faithful companion, and it was not long before^ the erect tail, the ' starting eye, and the attitude of the dog generally, gave the assurance that the game was found. Hastily, cocldng his gun he ran oyer, waiting for the flush, and at length the ilocic went off with a whirr like par tridges. In the excitement of the moment Briggs forgot that , partridges are not yet acclimatised in Victoria, and," letting go " "both barrels, three or four fell to his skilful ; aim. The sportsman's '• exultation was, however, short, for he .was.cruelly unde " ceived by a furious clucking, and a most' determined attack upon the pointer by an old hen. Ih an instant Briggs had shoul dered his gun, and Twas sounding a hasty retreat to the dog, who was standing with his tail very far removed from the horizon tal, looking the picture of consternation at the maternal fury of the harn door. The. cure of snake bite has become matter of public interest of late, hut if what we (Ararat Advertiser) learn con-. corning , a Chinaman employed ; in this neighborhood at Larvestwork.be correct, the knowledge and experience of the Asiatics in the treatment is quite equal in point of efficacy to the later discoveries of science. A Chinaman when binding after some reapers was severely bitten in the hand, and immediately he undid his taiL " wrapping it tightly below the wound. He proceeded to suck the puncture for a short time, and then applied upon the, part a kind of dark porous stone which he carried with him.. After this he left the field, and ; on entering the men's hut had some sort ; of plant in his hand from which he made a strong decoction; of this he drank about a tumbler full,, and the remainder of the "boiled weed he applied to the part. John ■ was at work next morning. Our informant is a German, Whom we have repeatedly " seen in Ararat, and from what we know of Mm he is well worthy of credence; Spring Creek, it seems, is advancing . japidlj'.' A theatre has already been \- erected there, in connexion with an hotel • whish is large, and furnished in a superior style. It is "stated 'that the population; already numbers 12,000. At an openTair meeting on the 4th hist, at which 2000 per sons were present, the following resolution : on the subject of water supply was agreed to"That, owing to the great scarcity of ; water for mining and: domestic purposes, : this meeting would strongly urge "on the present Government the necessity for their taking immediate action in making a survey from the Goulburn Biver to the Spring Creek'goldfield; and that the Government fie'eaih'esflyreque&edtotake; the hecessary gteps for convejung water from the afore said. river into the centre of this goldfiehL" The Argus reports" The drought from which the whole country is just now suffering has much altered the appearance of the Botanic-gardens. The ground is parched and hard, the flowers in bloom are few, and the soft-leaved deciduous trees have a half-scorched," withered look. The lake, too—so great an ornament when filled with water andvcovered with wild-fo wl 'Wis as dry as' the' highway, and the birds HaVe migrated to more congenial localities. JIuch of this -wEl be remedied when the arrangements for pumping water from the Yarra are complete, and they are being pushed forward as rapidly as possible. There are some pretty flowers in bloom, however, and the. palm-honse and green house are well worth a visit. iSText week there will he the* additional attraction of the grert water-lily—Victoria Begia— jvjiicli will flower for the first tune this Season-\vittiia the .first fpjv days of the yeek. * r • : A youth named George Dunlop, Hying at Cheltenham, was lately bitten by a snake in the fleshy part of the left thigh. The hoy made lus way to his parents' residence, and medical advice was at once sought, as the virus was evidently absorbed, and the patient comatose, with frequent vomitings, which continued" "with little intermission for four hours, when the remedies administered by Dr Murray were successful, and the hoy has been pronounced convalescent.It is, we believe, the intention of Dr Murray to fommunicate his mode of treatment to the Jhe public''through jhcipress. Mr H. J. TVfixbn, M.B.A., has been lecturing at Belfast on ;the subject of " Ghosts and Spirits." The able and learned lecturers belief seemed to die'that "ghosts" are a reality! Our contemporary wrote " eight instead of eighty by a slip of the pen. - Was a few ■ pales of leather a similar slip ; if so, what idea was a fete intended to convey ? The Geelong Gaol return* for the week ending January 9,'are:—Awaiting trial, 2 males; road gang, 1 male; - hard labor, ?5 males, C females ; imprisonment only, 8 males, 5 females, - Total, 31 males, 11 tfcaiales, and one child in arms. • As Aie Engxive.—Compressed air is sue eesfully used onalfew Orleans city railway, instead of horses. The air is compressed / into cylindrical receivers made of Birming C. ham papier-mache; the number of atmo spheres compressed into one is not stated, -fhe compression is done by an engine of sixty-six horse-power. Each receiver holds 300 pounds, and two are placed on the top p£ the car, to be replaced when empty. The Eupply lasts 'for eight or ten miles. The amount of power obtained is probably fifteen per cent, less than the power exerted *7 the stationary engine incompressing the aw. A small engirt is placed in the bottom of the car, which is driven by tbe erpansive force of the compressed air, in the same way as steam would be applied. If this system prove profitable, it may be applied to common road carriages, by having sta tions for replenishing the air. It would be oractly what is wanted for ploughing, and fe all other purposes where some extra otpense is compensated by the greater writy of the machinery. It is this power topf laboring the seven-mile tunnel through me Alps. There the air is compressed to three atmospheres, .we believe, by a moun tain stream falling from a great height, and fij is conveyed in iron pipes of apparently thirty inches in diameter to the face of the ^ork, where it propels the rock- drilling Machinery, and ventilates the tunnel at the time. '•AUa California^ 