To the Editor of the Herad " " SIR,. I.take-in youripiper; if you wiUll let me I should like to say a few words about things that you 6ften allude to-and shall take it as a favor if you wvill kindly print them. I have read very attentively ail that " Chips" has said about she settlers-he is quite right-he might say a great deal more, and trnthfully too. There are still many things he could write upon for the.welfare of the colony. Tell him to ask what the settlers are about to get burnt but ; there is no excuse for them when they have horses, ploughs, spades and shovels, to clear round their homesteads. I have been in the colony 30 years, and never have been burnt cut of house and home, and never will by bush-fires, at some.places that I have seen a man may as well live in in a gunpowder mill; the only wonder to ute is there are sofew losses by fire. Chips may ask also what is the use of asking for Immigrants when the Government are selling all the wvaterholes and springs, and every choice bit of land to the squatter ? The laws on this head are as~rotten as anything can be. They are hoarding up money in the Treasury chest for the benefit.of the next generation. No man should be allowed to purchase land unless he has, or in tends to improve ii, They will see their mistake when it is too late. Stick to the Railway. Immigrants without Railways will only become a set of paupers and we shall have to keep them-we ? who is we ? As things are going at present we shall seen. be all paupers-for the sheep and runs are falling into the hands of the storekeepers. A glance in the Survey Office will tell its own tale on this head. Can you wonder at Immigrants coming from the lald of railways and progress, remaining in this colony with the go-a-head colonies so near at hand. Are not the roads enough to break the heart of any poor fellow who has to tramp it. A railway we must have-the tramway was only advocated for cheapness-but I have come to the conclusion that if our horses were em ployed on the farm, with the manure that is lost on the Roads, the few settlers there are at pre sent could double their quantity of produce every year; and again the crown lands would be better worth 40s. per acre, than 10s. as at present. I cannot giv'e you the quaniity of land held in fee simple and leased lands, but it must be large, at any rate say we take one acre in every ten as fit for agrlculturea, properly farmed, would produce as much'grain as would load a ship every week and would be far better than a goldfield, inasmuch as it would permanent-a pastoral colony on a large scale, we shall never be for.the more we stick the greater will be our losses by the poison plant, this I have proved cost la;t year. No.v" ,Sir,.I could point out many other defects we labar i.under, but time wiillnot permit, but if we cannot hald out the inducements as other colories. the colony will never be peopled. I am Sir, Yours truly, 16R~EaE GRUBLAND. 