THE BUSH FIRES. If was apprehended that, in addition to other 'disastrous results from the intense heat, we should. h«ar of extensive bash-fires; and we regret to say that such apprehensions have been sadlv realised. Tho Geeloner and Ballarat dis tricts have suffered severely. Mr J. H. Con ' nor's station, Stony ford, has been destroyed. At Pomborneit, Parranibeit and Carpendeit tha following selections have been completely burnod, and all wooden improvements there on, viz.: J.' H. Connor's and his purchased -land and wooden improvements; Mr George Connor's, Mr. Butterirorth's, Mr Whitohell's, Mr Noonan'a, Mr Woodward's,' Mr War ner's, Mr Richards', Mr Silk's, Mr M'Lel Iund's, part of Mr ManifoldJa ran, part of Mr M'Voan's ran, -part of Mr :M' Arthur's, Mr A. Black's, and others. The fire at Pomborneit is said to have been com menced from a fire left by some one travelling on tbe edge of. tbe road near to the Pomborneit post-office.' Bullarook, and- indeed a vast extent, of country north-west of Ballarat, appears to have felt; the calamity in foil force. For miles the country presents a charred and blackened appearance, and many families are left homeless aud destitute, who a fevr days ago- were in comfortable, if not in well-to-do circumstances, -In the Bungareo district there ' were threo fires, . whioh ; as they swept along caused ruin to many. . That of greatest magnitude wns one which, appears to have. terminated. about half a mile beyond Clark's border saw mills, and was formed ap parently by the junction of two fires, one com mencing at Dean, and. the other, between the Musk Creek and the Moorabool. Its foroe waa the greatest about the Devil's Creek, where homestead after homestead,' and stacks without number, ' besides miles of fencing, were literally licked up by the consuming element. The whole country seemed to be in flames ; suoh a scene as those who ' have lived fourteen years in the forest have sever experienced. Every tree was lighted, moat of them from top to bottom, . and the strong wind that . was . blowing kept clouds of sparks, intermingled with large pieces ? of fiery wood and' branches, falling oontinnally from a great height to. the ground, setting fire to all that had hoc come beneath, the influence 'of the flames on their first-'passage across tbe forest.. Everywhere that a log. fence of the monster dimensions natural to this part of tho .country was situated flames were playing, and in moBt cases giant logs were reduced to a con dition of warmth which rendered them, ugly customers to be within at least a dozen yards of. FeucoB, where nob pulled -down or made away with otherwise, aoted as conductors to the flamts, which ran along them at a terrific speoil. Hero and there at ' intervals trees as large even as are to bo seen in that homo for forest giants, having been fired near tho trunk and .burnt through, came down with their burning masses of upper branohes, . crashing so.as to beb.eard.oasily.-at the distance of a mile. Ot underwood: and smaller vegetation the -forest, as far as the eye '- with the light of tho flumes could penetrate, was perfectly clear. We believe that -many ? poor men have been losers of all they had in the world through these late fires, and their case seema considerably worse than many in which the public have come forward to the. rescue with donations of money.. The Egerton Ghnroh of England committee have called for tenders for the erection of' a , ohuroh. They intond to spend about £200 for this .purpose. Additional1 church accommoda tion is also required for the local Weulpyan K-dy» ; -,-.;? ,', ; ?;-l-.; -- .;. 