SEXOELBSIOR.' TIJESDAY, JANUARY 1, 1860. Tin present summer has not only been hot and dry, but has been accompanied by an unusuil frequency of hot winds and bush fres. Still, the farmers have no desire for a return to rain until they have their crops. all eceurely stacked, and pr6 teeted anaieris accidents, a work which they exp.rtlo te eomphete in two cR three weeks at the furthest. There is no great probability that their harvesting operations will be interfered with by any very sudden break in the weather. Their greatest-care ought'to be the proper security of their grain until guch time as they can forward it to a market. Many, osrin. to the closing of the lakes, will have to stack or house their produce for a considerable time, as all outward indications tend, to theconclusion that the l;akes traffic will not be resumed before tbhenext .winter is- far advanced. In a former issue we suggested to those who are obliged to stack their grain that the stiiek yards should be selected with great care, and that the ground for some distance outside of the stacks should be ploughed round in order to prevent accidents by fire. We were led to make this remark from the fact that one of the farmers on the Top Plains near the Avon River a fewr days ago; had the n hole of his season's produce consumed by a bush i fire owing to this stack being placed in close proximity to a bush fence. Perhaps a still more practical suggestion is made by time Econornist in its last issue, in which that journal remarks : \-- " Te time has now arrived " when farmers, to prevent complete ruin, " ought.to partially insure such dangerous " property as barns, homesteads, and " staks. Before the present insurnnee " comlpanies accepted agricultural risks, " no farmer was safe, nor could he even " partially secure himself; but the ease " with whichli capital ha. been raised, and " tlejiberal spirit eviiged by the com *" 'panses towards'ihole lwho have already " sullered from conflagrations, have "tended to establish that amount ofcon " tidence necessary to exist between iun " derwritcr and insured, and the extent " of business transacted by the more re ceutly established Natioual Insurance Company of Australasia, has far ex " ceeded the most sanguine expectations " of the originators. The larmers, and " those who hold country and suburban homesteads, will have no one to blame " now but themselves should their pro. "perties b.. completely sacritioud by fire; " the conditions of the policies are simple, "and little in excess of what self-pro. " tccetiou alone would induce owners to "attend to. The rates of insurance, also, " are now much lower than formerly, " and we trust every homestead in the " colony will be placed, at all events, in "a partially protected position." We have had one or two accidents of this sort already, and the farmers of Gipps land who are reluctantly compelled to retain their grain in stack for a season would not be losers by taking advantage of the recommendation. Whilst pointing out a mode of securing property against bush fires, the present affords a fitting opportunity for warning those who reside in the backwaters of the various rivers that, at the termination of the dry season, all the low lying country in Gippsland is likely to be flooded. Those who have had long experience in Gippsland are aware that after an un- usually dry season the most disastrous floods occur. This is easily accounted for when we consider the rapid fall found in the greater length of nearly all our rivers. The water from heavy rains necessarily runs quickly over the parched and hardened ground, after a pro- tracted dry season, without percolating into the soil, and finding its way into the beds of the rivers suddenly overflows their banks. The destructive flood which oc- curred some five years ago in this district was an autumn one, and followed a long season of drought. The present summer is remarkably like the one which preceded the flood to which we allude, and the natural conclusion is that it will have a similar vl.-'.3r`-r -Ot that time a number of lives were lost, owing to the want of proper appliances ready on the spot to bring the victims of the unexpected deluge to dry land, and had it not been that Mr Dawson, with some assistance, constructed a temporary raft and went out to the relief of those who were surrounded in the Sale backwaters, the loss of life would have been still greater. It happens just now that the borough of Sale and its vicinity never were so ill supplied with boats, whilst the population in the back- waters has, of late years, very rapidly in- creased. Private individuals who have a predilection for acquatic sports, and who keep boats for their own pleasure and convenience, are unwillingly compelled to moor them at a long distance from the town to save them from the mischievous propensities of our colonial youths, so that the only craft available for public purposes, should any emergency arise, is the Government boat stationed at the Latrobe bridge for the purpose of convoying, during times of flood, pas- sengers travelling between Sale and the Hill Top, and for transporting Her Majesty's mail over the Punt-lane on its way to and from Sale and Port Albert. To be forewarned is to be fore-armed, and if the Government will not place one or two boats suited for paddling about through our morasses at the disposal of the inhabitants who hare located them- selves on the banks of the Thomson, the Sale Borough Council would not be charged with incurring an unnecessary expenditure in constructing a few flat bottomed crafts, which can be brought into requisition at anytime that the in- habitants of the Backwaters may be surprised by a sudden inundation. 'The Long Tunnel Company, Walhalla, finished their first crushing aInst week, and the result mnast be highly satisfactory to the sh'areholdcrs. ' 61 tons 10 cwt. yielded 446 ozs., or oveir 7 ozas. to the ton. This speaks well for a conimenccnent. \Ve understand that the rules and regu. Jations of the Sale Borough Cuoucil.,of ap. loprialting certain ho.trstor the bathing of femalis 6. tie new bathing ihods at tbhe Thomso Rivtor are violated with impunity.' ;Yeaterday forenoon whilst a numbei' of re spoctable females were indulging in a bath everatl boys took possession of the sheds, and, hrs might be imagined caused considerable innoyance. Itwould be well were a con. stable told off to watch the loudity for a short time in order that a few of the trans. griasoers'of cthe laws of common deceitcy might be punished. At all events it is td he hoped the burgesses generally will assist in preserving propriety on the part of some of the precocious urchins and take upon them selves the task of chastising any yacmmin they might observe within the precincts of the bathing ground. This course would seoon have the wholesome effect of suppressing the nuisance. There airo at present fourteen prisoners incarcerated in the Sale gaol, ten males and fbtul females. YYesterday was quite a field day at the Saale ,Police Conrt, an. unusually, large 'iunnber of eases, both crimiual.and civil, hssing been sit doan for adjudication; Bush-fires were burning all yesterday within a short distance of Rosedale. The plains were in a blaze late yesterday evening within a mile of Dr. Simmons's homestead, and every possible assistance was being obtained to save the buildings. A large number of hands was also engaged yesterday in trying to extinguish a fire on Kilmany Park. A despatch, has been received by the Go. vernor of New South Wales from the Secre tary of the Colonies, informing him'of Her Majesty's - assent to the Treason Felony Act. A typographical transposition in the report oof the New Year's Day race meeting, pub. fished in our previous issue, made it appear that the Maiden Plate was run in heats, Such of course was rot the case. The com ment anent the heats referred to the fourth event on the programme. We are glad to learn that the boy George Mason, who met with an accident on the Greenwattle Iacecnurse on New Year's Day, is sufficiently recovered to be able to walk about. We are requested to contradict the statement that the lad, immediately after the accident, was removed to the hospital.As soon as it was considered safe to remove him, he was taken home anti properly attended to. A young lad named William Aston has been arrested on a charge of carelessly using fire, whereby a great portion of Mr King's run at Rosedale was burnt, and was remanded until Thursday for the further production of evidence. The woman who sets the Roman Catholic Church in order preparatory to service being held in it was summanlily ejected from the building on Saturday last by a man who has since been ascertained to be insane. He first politely informed the old lady that she did not herself belong to the assembly of the faithful, and that she had no business there. Seeing that she paid no attention to his remarks, he pitched her violently outside of the door. The woman then ran for a police man, and constable Glavin was soon upon the spot. The man talked with the constable rationally enough for a few minutes, but then made a dart into the church tInd seized again upon the old lady. The Constable followed quickly to the rescue, but finding that the man was powerful, Ihe procured the assistance of Mr. Charles 1M'Lean, who was passing at the time and ha.l him conveyed to the lock-up. The man gives his name as John Birmingham, and appears entirely deranged, requiring to lie carefully watched in his con finement. . At present he is ordered for medical examination, and will probably be brought before the Bench to-day. A rather peculiar, andd it is to be hoped, rare specimen of the class of men employed in the harvest-field figured in the Sale Police Court yesterday. This individual, who gave the name of William Hicks, demanded his wages from his employer, Mr William Smith, of St. Leonard's, on the Racecourse, on New Year's Day's, and on being requested to wait until change was procured, abused his master in the most unqualified terms until he was .tired, - and so on, after returning to the farm lihe repeated his demand for money to Mrs Smith. This lady replied that she had no power to transact business with her husband's men, which so " incensed Hicks that he now turned upon her, an after having made use of the . most disgusting anguage struck her on the head with a pot, inflicting a severe soalp wound. The pfiseiior was fined lOs, with the option of forty-eight hours incarceration for the abusive language, and ordered to pay a penalty of £5 or go to gaol for six weeks for the assault. IIe chose the alternative. At the Bairusdalo Police Court, on Satur. day, before A. W. Howitt, P.M., in the chair, and Messrs Drevermann, Morrison, John Smith, and Norman M'Leod, J's.P., the hearing of the cross cases Wilmnot v. Gingell, and Gingell v. Wilmot, assault, and . illegal detention of a letter, occupied the greater part of the day. After a considerable amount of evidence hal been heard on both sides, Mr Gingell was fined £5 and costs for assault, and the case of lingeoll v. Wilmot was dismissed. Shortly after nine o'clock on Saturday evening whilst Mr Campbell, saddler, of Itaymond-street was entering his parlor from the shop with a kerosene lamp in his hand he observed what be conceived to be a strip of leather lying on the floor at his feet. On stooping to pick up the article he was surprised to perceive signs of animation in it, and a close inspection proved that it was a brown snake scarcely three feet in length. Mr Campbell in his hurry to punish the temerity of the unwelcome intruder, seized the first weapon at hantd, a straight edge, used in the trade, and with one vigorous blow he " cooked the varmint," but brolke the tool. How the reptile found its way into the apartment remains a mystery since not a hole was visible in the floor or else. where, and the mate at the entrances effec tually prevented ingress under the doors. It is.surmised that his eankeship had made his way from the Presbyterian Church grounds which are known to abound with snrkes. However, persons resident in tihe vicinity cannot be too wary, as th e warm weather has the effect of causing these animals to extoeld their peregrinations. Ten houses were burned down in Brisbane on Christmas eve. MIr. Mackay, ,bookeeller, Elizabotha.sreet, hIa forwarded to us'a copy of his Australian Alhnatae for 1808. This is'the tenth year of its publicatioi?" The Boatner of&?in/el makes the state ment that the Atiorney-'GOeral will per sonally conduct the IProsecution of Flanniganu, charged with the murder.of Sergeant Hull, at the Belfast: Circuit Court, in February next. "Death," says the Adruse, "has been busy in the rankesof Victorian legislators during the lanst few years. Of the men who com posed the Legislative Council in 1864, one. third have died, and nearly one-cighthi of the members of the Assembly in that year are also dead. The memnber of the Coutncil in 1804, since d'eceaedl, are Mr. Donald Ken. nody, Mr Chtans. Vatiglan, aud Mr Robert Thomson; and the meubers of the Assembly who are now no more are Mr W. O. Hainees, Mr Richard Hcales, Mr C,, J. Don, Dr Macadam, Mr John Ramsay, Mr Peter Snod. grass, Mr N. Foott, Dr Evans, and Mr Ambrose Kyto. The late Mr John Sher. win wirs a memberof the Legislative Coanfil at the time of his delath, a few months i agoz" The Bendigo Advertiser, after quoting a paragraph fromithe WVaranga £cho- reltive to the alleged discovery of the remhins of Judge Skinner's son, says 1--" We understand that the young man had taken a liking to busush life, and was employed on one or more stations on the Murray and Murrurabidgee. Some five months ago Judge Skinner received information from a squatter on the Murrnm l;idgee that.the young man had left with the intention of going on to the Darling,and since that time nothing had been heard of him, although his father had been- i.. communica tion with the squatters and magistrates in that district lie has as, yet received no information that' would either confirm or negative the statement in the paragraph above, and it is to say the least of it, strange that while his anxious inquiries have elicited nothing, the intelligence of the young man's death should have been received by the Waranga paper. The last letter received by Judge Skinner from the owner of the station on the Murrunmbidgee whence young Skinner started for the Darling, stated that no apprehensions need be entertained on his account as he was an excellent bushman. The state of the country near the Darling has, however, been exceptionably bad this year." The Spring Creek people show a determina tion to suppress crime in a way which com pares very favourably with the irregular jus. tice sometimes dispepsed extem?pore in days gone past. It seemeýthat a good many petty but anloying thefts have lately taken place there; anti a few days ago one of the depre dators was caugh, with some of the stolen property in his possession. The o vner was a pour man who could not afford togoall the way to Heathcote to prosecute. The diffi culty, however, was quickly solved by a sub scription originated on the spot for the pur pose. In the course of a few minutes the required sum was subscribed by the store keepers and miners in the immediate locality of the capture. The promptitude of those who ailded in this affair is well deserving of commendation,, and- its exercise in any similar case will do much to extirpate crime from,thd neighbourhood. At the City Court on Friday, a man named Matthew Pool was, in company with a female associate, remanded on a charge of vagrancy and disorderly coiduct. This man's charac ter and history would be interesting: as a criminal record, could the vbhole of it be clearly known, but from what has been gathered of it, enough may be deduced to mark him as a reprobate of the worst class. In 1864 he induced a young girl to leave her parents' homne at IHotham, and. took her aw~vy with him; lie was evertaken and tried for abduction, but on some technical objection the case was upset and he got clear. Imme diately after his discharge he picked up with a woman of some attractions, whom lie sold to a mani called " Scotch Jock" for L20. A few days alter the sale, " Jock" went off with his bargain to Geelong, driving a buggy in which was a horse that cost L50. On the nmoriilng after leaving Melbourne, when it was desired to resume the journey, this valu able animal, was found to have been ham strung, and circumstances pointed to Pool as the person who had perpetrated the bar. barity Again he seemed favored by fortune, for no conclusive evidence could be obtained against him, and he escaped. Since that time he has lived the lifo of a vagabond, fre . quenting low public houses, acting as a decoy for dissolute women, and gradually falling into greater degradation, Our attention has been called to the fact that some of the graves in the north-west corner of the Sale cemetery require a little more care. One especially seeims to have been I!urrowed by bandicoots, the top cover. ing has visibly subsided, leaving small fissures, and a very disagreeable smell reaches any one standing near. 