EMIGRATION. THE question of Emigration is at the present time exciting the attention of statesmen and public men both in England ¿md the colonies, and there now appears to be a wide-spread desire for State Emigration on a grand and comprehensive scale. It is only matter for wonder that a subject of such .vast public interest, affecting, as it does, not only the pros- perity of England but of her colonies, should not have re- ceived earlier consideration at the hands of political econo- mists, statesmen, and philanthropists. It has been asserted that, emigration is a sign of decadence of. the mother country, but what are the colonial lands but an extension of the soil of England? Emigration is but the transplanting of the sons and daughters of the mother country toother por- tions of her dominions, and a proof rather of national pros- perity and increasing greatness and power. England has a vast accumulation of population that she knows not what to do with. The colonists are asking, nay entreating, others to come and settle down and help them to till and fructify their land, and there is no response ! The subject of pauperism at home has lately been causing a great amount of discussion, and many have been the pro- jects for reducing the pauperism of the old country. The question of emigration and pauperism appear to be almost identical, and in no way does it appear so feasible to, relieve England of its oppresive burden and to dispose of its un-, employed poor as by a liberal and well-carried-out scheme ' of emigration. When we consider the enormous sums of money raised annually by means of poor rates for the main- tenance of the unemployed poor in the mother country and reflect how little has been effected, save a mere temporary relief (for the poor law as it is is an anodyne, not a remedy), it is the more matter for surprise that the subject should have hitherto been apparently neglected. The benefits derivable from a liberal and compact system of emigration would be incalculable, for while it would, under proper organisation, settle thousands of poor, indigent people, who are now so great a burden to their country, and transfer them from the ranks of starving poor to the inde- pendent position of well-to-do freeholders in the colonies, it would benefit the mother country by relieving her of her pauper or Burplus population, and assist the colonies by the introduction of useful mechanics and laborers, who, in- stead of being burdensome unproductive consumers of the works of the labor of other men, would themselves be ! the producers of raw staples, and thereby become a benefit and a blessing to the colony in which they settled. It seems strange to a casual observer that the rulers of a nation so vast and powerful as is England, with all their schemes for political economy and raising the status of the country should have hitherto neglected to provide a suitable system of emigration, and it is all the more strange when we consider the immense territories of land in all parts of the world so admirably suited to the wants and require- ments of new settlers, actually lying bare and uncultivated iii spite of the richness of their virgin soils, through want of labor supply. In no part of the world is there a spot more thoroughly suited to the. immigrant than the Australian colonies and especially the colony of New South Wales. Both in climate and soil this colony affords an attraction to settlers hardly to be equalled, and yet immigration here has entirely ceased. We find that the actual returns of immi- grants to this colony for the years 1862 to 1867 were as'fol lows .--1862, 2631 ; 1863, 4633 ; 1864, 3977 ; 1865, 2717 ; 1866, 1204; 1867, 944; giving a total of immigrants arrived in this colony during the space of six years under the Assisted Immigration Regulations of 16,106. For several years the de- crease in the amount of emigration to the Australian colo- nies and to Kew Zealand has been very marked, and especially during the years 1863, 1864,1865, 1866, in which the emigration amounted to 53,054, 40.942, 37,283, 24,097, and in 1866, when the large number of 204,882 individuals emigrated from the United Kingdom, only the small pro- portion, of 24,097 came to the Australian colonies and to New Zealand. By telegram, too, we learn that emigration to the Australian colonies was smaller in 1868 than for twenty one years. What then is the cause of this decrease ? There must have been something radically wrong in the working of the old emigration system to have caused the gradual decrease in, and finally the total cessation of, emi- gration from the United Kingdom to this colony. Many of those who emigrate do so under the false im- pression that they are to reap a rich and golden harvest of idleness without sowing the seeds of labor and industry. Having heard of the reckless extravagance of lucky diggers in by-gone days, they fondly imagine that they too, as soon ; as they land, will jump at once into the proud j)osition of . being able to light their pipes with five-x>ound notes and pick up gold by handsfull in the public streets. But they arrive -and their visions of gold melt into the stern realities of work, bushfires, dampers, and mosquitos, and they feel dis- contented and disappointed, and write home in discontented terms to friends and relations ; and besides, the obstacles thrown in the way of intending emigrants by the late system were chiefly owing to the absurd regulation requiring payment of deposits to be made only in this colony by persons who might desire to introduce immigrants of the laboring classes from the United Kingdom, whereas it ought to be made thoroughly easy for emigrants to come out. They ought to be offered fair and proper inducements -to have a plain unvarnished account laid before them of what to expect, and to be afforded every information and advice upon the subject. Great care, too, should be exercised in the. selection of fit and proper persons. For the most part immigrants land in the colonies with exalted notions of what they are abotit to receive and of the certainty of achieving their fortunes without even the trouble of seeking them. Now, although the colonies are, so to speak, lands flowing with milk and honey, to obtain a ' fortune, or even a decent competency, work-hard work is absolutely necessary. The natural wealth of strength and muscle is peculiarly capable in the colonies of grand utilisation ; but even in this happy and favored land of Australia nothing comes of nothing, but to those who can . work and will work the colony of New South Wales offers à comfortable and an abundant home. When first the im- migrants arrive they are usually bedecked with remnants of some English finery, and, for the most part, till they have gained colonial experience-by sheer want it may be-are unwilling to do any kind of work. It has come to our notice that servant girls have been known to demand table napkins in their first situations, and to have refused to clean boc¿s dr shoes or wait at table, and to have required, as a right, the permission to have their followers and their bi- weekly holidays. A sufficient inducement ought to be offered to bring out a class of people that would hereafter be of service to the colonies as well as to themselves. Merely to assist emigrants in their passage out is but of . little use ; nor, as a general rule, is it of much service tc give tracts of land to those who pay their own passages, and to send them into the interior with no knowledge of bush farming, to cultivate their grants of land is worse than useless. They need frequently ,to be supported, or assisted at all events, . during the first few months by loans or gifts of grain, cattle, . and implements ; and they even require advice in the lay- ing out and clearing of their grants of land for building their houses or huts, and other matters learnt onlj by actual bush experience. To send large masses oi indigent to the colonies without provision for the future would be simply to transfer the evils of pauperism fron the mother county. What we actually require is a systen that while it benefits England hy reducing her surplus population, will also assist the colonies by the introduc tion of hard- working, honest and industrious laborers and mechanics. And besides, a liberal and comprehensiv« system of state emigration would be a benefit to the work at large, as through its means, a large number of mei would be raised in the social scale and step from extrem« poverty and dependence to a position of happyândepend ? ence. Nay more, any steady, sober and industrious man may rise in a few years to a position of importance and b< fitted to take his part in the public or social rife of th« community. The Working Men's Emigration Society appears to hav< understood more of the practical nature of the require . ments of emigration, and the suggestions embodied in thei resolutions are very valuable. The objects of this society -¿ire as follows ;-r 1\. To raise funds to assist those who are still abovi pauperism, to emigrate to the most desirable colonies. 2\. To urge xipon the Imperial and Colonial Government the duty of assisting liberally in this great work, and t< apportion funds which may be so given. 3\. To collect from reliable authorities and disintereste« persons in the colonies, accurate information as to th class of persons who are really required, so that forme mistakes may be avoided, and those who wish to emigrat may be sent to the most suitable places ; also to correspond with the Home and Colonial Governments upon the sam subject. To select emigrant ships suitable for thes purposes, and as far as practicable to provide eveiy requ: site for those who go, at the least possible charge. 4\. To publish constant information from every part c our possessions which can guide an emigrant in his choice with lists of prices of commodities in the colony, and tl scale of wages, together with many other useful facts as i climate, &c.; Much of the distress in England is traceable to tl: decrease of emigration, and there is now something like a increase every four years in our home population of aboi seven millions. How then is food to be obtained for these How employment ? The answer is plain-by emigratio: If the social efforts of and benefits derivable from prop< colonization, be so great and incalculable, is it not tl imperative duty of the Imperial and Colonial Governmen to unite together in the immediate solution of a questi( charged with such vital issues as well to the United Kin dom as to the colonies. The great social problem, " Wh are we to do with our poorl" need no longer rema unsolved, for is there not a full and complete answer 1 the one word "emigration." Teach the laboring ai mechanical classes the advantages of emigration ; she them what a field is open to them in the colonies ; poi out the road leading to independence, to even wealth ai position ; instruct them that they need no longer humilia themselves by eating the bread of idleness, and bei: branded as consumers of the industry of others ; but th by industry and perseverance in tho colonies they too mi become prosperous and independent, as hundreds (poor as themselves when first they landed) have before them, and not only prosperous and independent, but more intelligent and self-reliant, and more responsible for their actions than they were before-more like men. True, the subject is surrounded by grave difficulties, but let there be a unity of action between the Home and Colonial Governments-a determination to settle at once and for ever this all important question-let there be a system devised, liberal in its inducements, easy in its operation, and free from all red tape abominations and a ponderous and expensive machinery. A scheme thoroughly attractive and liberal should be introduced so as to counteract the inducements of emigration to America, which from her propinquity to England and the advantages offered by the homestead law especially, is a difficulty not easily to be surmounted. It cannot for a moment be supposed that people will pay treble the amount to receive less benefits. To counterbalance, therefore, the extra cost of passage money, the extra time wasted through the extra length of the passage, together with the discomfort of being removed so far from the old country, inducements at all events equivalent to these disadvantages, ought to be plainly offered in any future scheme- for emigration to Atistralia. The homestead law of the United States is a recognition of the rights of labor, and every immigrant so settled has an interest, excited by motives of self-preservation and social economy, in bringing over others to assist in the great work. The United States monopolises about ll-12ths of the whole European emigration, simply on account of the advantages offered by the homestead law. Australia, for its area, is extremely thinly populated and if the population were doubled the cost of government would not be increased, while the cost of taxation would be little more than one half what it is now. 1\. ;Let there be a quid pro quo given to those who are in a position to pay their own passages out, by either grants of land br assistance in the shaine of grain, cattle, imple- ments and advice. 2\. Let those who desire to avail themselves of an as- sisted immigration have the opportunity afforded to them, and be supplied with situations, &c.;, upon their arrival. 3\. Let those who apply for relief-the ablebodi,ed laborer and mechanic, be furnished with free passages, free land, and if necessary a small plant to start them on the road to independence. It would be well if the colonies were represented by three or four practical colonists in the House of Com- mons to watch over their welfare. The interests of England and the colonies ought to be and are one and the same. When she suffers they suffer-when she rejoices they rejoice. By a well digested scheme of emigration the, bond which binds her to her offspring would be strengthened rather than weakened, and the vast organisation of the British Empire would be compacted. 