NEWS AND NOTES. By telegraphic despatch from Sale on Friday wc learn that a horrible accident took place 011 that day, at the Sale Club hotel. It seems that a man named Murrell, in descending a well by means of a rope, fell therefrom by reason of the foul air. Captain Steele then went down to ascertain what had become of JIurrell, and met a similar fate. Still ignorant of the cause of the non-appearance of JIurrell and Steele, Captain Patten also ventured to descend, and though lie succeeded in recovering the bodies he nearly lost his own life in the attempt to save the lives of the others. Captain Steele was a veterinary surgeon and greatly respected. Friday was by far the hottest clay that has been ex perienced in the district this season. In the morning the sultriness, unrelieved by 'almost even the slightest breath of wind, was completely prostrating, while the smoke from bush-fires was so prevalent that it seemed as if the bush was on lire in every direction., At Smythesilale, for several hours, owing to the density of the smoke, the eye was unable to penetrate much further than the surrounding ranges. Towards mid day the heat became still more intense, everything seeming to be steeped iu one white scorching glare. A slight, but grateful, breeze eventually sprang 11]) in the south-west, and greatly mitigated the fervor of the sun. Bush-fires continued in all directions during the day, and considering the number of small resi dence areas now taken up in the bush, many of the crops and homesteads, if they have eseaped, must doubtless have been in imminent danger. Water, too, at a time like this, is correspondingly scarce. The greater number of the darns, reservoirs, wayside ponds, &c.;, are all dried up, or, at all events, are drying up at an almost incredible rate, and generally speaking, very serious consequences arc apprehended. A very large fire has been raging for the l:ist two days iu Bullarook Forest, in the vicinity of liocky Lead. Dense clouds of smoke have been hanging over the district for miles, but the flames are dying out, and 110 serious damage has as yet been heard of. Our telegraphic correspondence states that at Cape Otway " nothing can be seen for smoke." William "Wright and Samuel Powlesland, two car penters in the employ of Sir Laby, Creswick, were severely bruised about the body on Gth January, owing to the fall of the scalfold 011 which they were working at the new store in course -of erection at the Creswick Flour Mill. A man named William Miller, in the employ of Mr Frank M'Cullough, Tourello, was knocked down 0.1 6th January, in the course of a quarrel with another mail, and so injured about the left knee-joint as to necessitate liis removal to the Creswick District Hospital. On Tuesday, Mr Cummiugs, a miner employed on the ltcform Company's claim, Haddon, got 011c of his hands frightfully crushed by a log of timber. The case is under the care of Dr Jordan, Smythesdale. It would appear (writes our local correspondent) that the disastrous accident which has befallen the Atlas and Linton Park Company, involving the de struction of such a large amount of property, has had the effect of helping to spur many other companies in the district to take precautionary measures against a similar calamity, as since then already no fewer than three large companies have applied to a local insurance agent to have the necessary policy effected forthwith. At the regular lulf-yearly meeting o£ the members of the Loyal Clunes Lodge, I.O.O.F., M.U., the fol lowing change of chairs took place:—Br J. AV. Crane, G.M.: Br W. II. Dunstan, KG.; Br T. Knuekey, V.Q.; W. Ross, elective secretary. At the regular half-yearly meeting of Court Free dom, A.O.F., Clunes, the following change of chairs took place:—Br T. Angrove, C.R.; Br W. White, S.C.R.; Br J. Howard, S.W.; Br J. Wooley, J.W.; Br E. Symons, S.B.; Br J. Sims, J.B. At the Warden's Court, Clunes, on 7th January, Smart and others v Chambers and others, and Cham bers and others y Smart and others, were both with drawn. We extract the following from the Geelong Register —"There was a little 'alfair' on ono of the roads about a mile and a-half from Drysdale some few days since that excited the interest of the few persons who happened to be 'about' in such a quiet neighborhood. A smart money lender from Melbourne had seized upon the goods and chattels of a well known resident of the district as satisfaction for cash he had advanced some years previously. Imagining himself to be per fectly secure, he commenced to remove from the pre mises of the unfortunate victim of'interest' the sun dry articles of household furniture, loading two or three drays with them, and these he was with assist ance conducting along the road, together with several head of cattle and various agricultural implements, when an enemy appeared in sight. He proved to be a robust bailiff from Geelong, who incontinently seized from the first seizer all he had in possession, for rent clue by the original holder of the property. There was some flaw in the bill- of sale or other loop-hole, and the money-lender was 'sold.' His chagrin can be better imagined than described." The grasshojipers are committing such terrible havoc in this district (remarks the Ucclong Register) that they are now little short of a plague, and farmers and growers of fruit are suffering so heavily from their ravages, and the want of water, that some have it in contemplation to ask the Governor to sot apart a day for special prayer for rain. Owing to the kiudnoss of the Commissioner of Railways a free pass to the seaboard at Geelong was given to the children of the Ballarat District Orphan Asylum and their attendants, on Thursday morning. On arrival at the Geelong terminus, after the children had been marshalled, many kind and encouraging ex pressions of approval and sympathy were spoken by the passengers of the train about to start from, and that which had just arrived at the station. One kind well-wisher (Dr Nicholson of Ballarat) handed a £1 note to the superintendent, who. on behalf of the orphans wished the doctor a speedy and prosperous voyage to Europe. Mr Vinos, of ,Cobb and Co., gra tuitously supplied coaches, at the request of the liev. 11\. Cummins, to take the children to the Botauical Gardens. Two of theso vehicles and their teams of four horses each, were magnificent. Having arrived at the gardens the usual routine of feasting and merry-making was entered into, then a visit to the beach to pick shells, dabble in the water, and gaze in astonishment and delight at the glittering restless sea; then on to the shipping at the wharf. At five p.m. the coaches brought all back tOj the station, when three hearty cheers were given for Cobb and Co., and Mr Vines their obliging agent. Some of the Geelong cabmen very generously oil'ered then- cab3 in case the coaches could not accommodate all; there being no less thau sixty-seven jjersons all told. Since the publication of the recent appointments as justices of the pe:ice a nice question has arisen as to whether the gentlemen so appointed are qualified to act without being previously sworn iu, and it would certainly appear that as the recent commission annuls all previous appointments, so must the whole all'air be gone into dc noro, and the magistrates since appointed, although previously on the commission of the peace, be again sworn in or otherwise they will be acting illegally. Sergeant Power, formerly iu chargc of the Eyre street Police-station, has left Ballarat, having been transferred to the Spring Creek rush, where he will have charge of the police force. This post will suit Sergeant Power better than the very quiet duty he had to perform at Eyre street; for he has been accus tomed to a station on gold-fields' rushes, and is well up in the laborious and rough sort of work the police have to get through in a place where about 16,000 persons have suddenly congregated. The sergeant has at all times proved himself a most energetic and plucky man, and in selecting him for the arduous post he has gone to fill a wise choice has been made. Backed up by a force of 10 policemen, he will be able to give a good account of the rascals to whom a new rush affords a harvest in tlw way of easily carried out robberies. The case of the Queen v Mungovan, which shows one phase of the working of the Laud Act, was only partly heard yesterday at the Police-court, ;uid occu pied the whole day up till nearly six o'clock in the evening. The hearing will be continued and the case concluded to-day. A man named John Gilbert, while at work on one of the tramways of the Park Freehold Company, 011 Thursday, overbalanced himself at the "tip-head" and fell a distance of about forty-five feet. He bruised his head vory much and broke his jaw-bone. He was received at the hospital 011 Thursday night late. John Archibald M'Dougall, a boy who had hurt his foot severely while bathing in the dam of the Prince of "Wales Gold Mining Company by treading on a broken bottle, was taken to the hospital on Friday. The third animal picnic in connection with the Church of England Sunday-school at Egerton, took place on Wednesday last, and was a decided success. That the picnic was a large one may bo learned from the fact that 2JS persons were present, consisting of 136 children and 112 adults. The children mustered at eleven o'clock, at which time over 90 answered to the names called over by Mr James Simpson, school master. After singing suitable pieces of music, the children formed into procession, and received a bouquet each kindly furnished by Mrs Potter, who was unable to be present through indisposition. They then pro ceeded to a spot some two miles in the bush where, after refreshments had been partaken of, various games were indulged in by both children and adults. apparently to the satisfaction of everybody. The Rev. II. J. Edwards, minister, of Ballan and Egerton, acted as umpire and starter for the races, and previous to leaving to return to Ballan, addressed the persons present. He paid, in the course of his remarks, a high compliment to Mrs John Morgan, to whose aid much of the eminent success of the Sunday-school was due. He referred also to the good work done by Mr Simp son and the teachers. Cheers were given for Mr Morgan and his assistants, with right good will. The sports were then resumed and continued until dusk, when all returned home, very tired, but thoroughly pleased with the day's amusement. The picnic was got up by the friends of the church, who gave sub scriptions and contributed provisions and delicacies of various kinds, and many AVeslcyans also gave their help. Mr 11. W. Tanner was the contractor for sup plying buns, pastry, cakes, &c.;, and he gave full satis faction. The Rev. J. L. Chambers will preach in St. David's Free Church to-morrow. On Monday evening a meet ing of the congregation will be lield to appoint a min ister. The first waggon-load of new wheat from the dis trict about Newstead passed through the Moolort toll gate 011 Tuesday, its destination being tho Carisbrook mill. It consisted of 300 bushels, and was of prime quality. It is proposed in Melbourne to form a horse-breed ing company. Tho telegraph-office at Carisbrook is to bo abo lished. The inquest on the supposed murder at Northcoto was concluded on Thursday. The sitting was a long one, extending over nearly twelve hours, but it ended in an open verdict. It was proved that Ellis did wake use of the expressions attributed to him with regard to the deceased; but it was also proved that when he did so he was under the influence of drink, and he accounted for the blood on his clothing and about his cab by saying that his nose was bleeding while he was scuffling in it with Maguire. There were peculiarities in the evidence which would appear to justify strong suspicion, but not such clear proof as to lead a jury to any other conclusion than that arrived at. Ellis is therefore discharged from^ cus tody, and is not likely to be further prosecuted unless some remarkable testimony turns up. The jury spe cially called the attention of the Melbourne Corpora tion to the dangerous condition o£ this embankment, which has 110 fence from the Heidelberg to the Northcote bridges. We have been requested by the secretary of the shire of Buninyong to state that the report of the rate-culleetor read at tlio meeting of the council on Thursday was wrong, so far as it related to the amount of rates collected for the year 1808. Instead of ;£1795 0s 3d, the amount should be £2074; the difference being made up by tlie rates paid at the shire office, which the collector omitted inadvertently from bis report. At the examination held in the supper-room of the Alfred Hall yesterday, 77 teachers and candidates for employment as teachers were examined, of these 15 were candidates for certificates of first division of competency, 62 for certificates of second division of competency. Ail action, iu wliicli the damages arc laid at £1000, lias been commenced by Messrs "Watson and Ellis, solicitors, for Mr Ousey, against Mr Webb, for false imprisonment. Mr Ousey was, it mil be remembered, arrested on a charge of obtaining a buggy and horse under false pretences, and upon investigation at the District Court the charge was dismissed. Mr Ousey appeara to bo very unfertunate, for he has been ar rested on another charge, and legal proceedings against the prosecutor for damages are already spoken of. It will be remembered that a short time ago wo mentioned the loss of a carpet bag, said to contain property of the value of from £350 to £500, belonging to a Mr M'Mahon, who had been staying at Hunt's hotel. The bag was missed when the owner reached the railway station, and at first it was supposed that the bag had been left in a cab, but subsequently a de mand was made on the landlord of the hotel for the property. Mr M'Mahon, in a letter to Mr Hunt, said that he should hold him responsible, and declared that no orders had been given for the bag to be re moved from Mr M'Mahon's room. Yesterday Mr Hunt received a letter stating that the carpet bag had been found at the parcel-office at the Melbourne station, the bag having been sent to Sandhurst by mistake. No explanation is given as to how the mistake occurred, but Mr Hunt very properly observes that this is an example of " how a licensed-victualler or any one else may be wrongfully accused." Sergeant Toohey, Geelong, requests us to acknow ledge from Ballarat the receipt of the following sums in aid of the " Elizabeth Hopper Fund," viz., H. D. Cane, 10s; S. M. Benjamin, 5s. The Anglican Bishop of Melbourne will arrive in Ballarat to-dav, and will preach in St. Paul's Church to-morrow (Sunday) at evening service. Major Wallace, late sheriff of this district, is about to remove from Ballarat, and as he has won golden opinions from those with whom he came in official contact, the following testimonial was on Friday pre sented to him:—" To Major Wallace.—Sir,—We. the undersigned, wardens of the Ballarat Gaol, under standing that you are about to remove from this town, beg to tender you our sincere thanks for your kind and gentlemanly behavior towards us at all times during the period of twelve years you have acted as sheriff of tliis district; and although always maintain ing strict discipline, your courteous manner to us com mands our unfeigned respect and esteem. Wishing you health aud prosperity in all your future undertakings, and requesting your acceptance of the accompanying small token of respect,—We remain, sir, your obedient servants, J. Hamilton, W. Irwin, Henry Piniger, John Carroll, Susan Seldr, Daniel Bissaman, John West wood, Michael Tiernan, Josiah Shewring, Alexander Young." Major Wallace, in reply, stated how grati fied he was in receiving so pleasing a testimonial, and considered the presenters even moie deserving of com pliment than himself, as he had fouiid them, during the period of twelve years that he had held the office of sheriff, always ready to perform with commendable alacrity all the duties, however irksome, he had been called oil in virtue of his office to impose. He wa3 only doing them common justice in stating that a better set of men for the duties devolving upon them could not be desired. The testimonial is prettily en grossed and illuminated. The district coroner held an inquest on Friday, into the cause of the death of Isabella Kien, a married woman, who fell down in a fit and died on Wednes day, at Ballarat East. The evidence given went to prove that death was from natural causes (congestion of the brain during a fit of epilepsy), and a verdict to that effect was returned. ■ Mr Barter, lately station-master at Melbourne, has arrived in Ballar.it, and taken charge of the AVestern Kailway-station. Mr Manley, who will fill a like office at Echuca, left Ballarat on Thursday. At the half-yearly meeting of the Loyal Victoria Lodge, Sebastopol, A.I.O.O.F., held on the 5th inst., the following brothers were duly installed in their respective offices for the ensuing term, viz.:—N.G., Bro John Kennedy; V.G., Bro Thomas Peach; AV.G., Bro George Biifl'ord; secretary, Bro F. Lewis; trea surer, Bro \V. Gates. Elective olficers—Trustees, Bro J. Dimmoek, Bro J. Bean; Bro J. J. Howard, conductor; Bro T. Collins, warden; Bro T. .Rogers, T.G.; Bro AY. Keynolds, ll.S.S.; Bro D. Shir rah, L.S.S.; Bro Maro ney, ll.H.S.; Bro Kenney, L.H.S. to N.G.; Bro H. Davies, R.H.S.; Bro T. Jones, L.H.S. to V.G. Total number of members at date, 135. Amount of cash in hand at date, £193 17s. At the half-yearly meeting of the Pioneer Juvenile Tent of I.O.R., held on Thursday, the 7th instant, the following brethren were duly elected officers for the next six months, viz.:—P.C.lt., Bro AYm. Mitchell; C.ll., Bro John Secombe; D.lt. Bro G. Bell; secre tary Bro J, J. Brokenshire; W.S., Bro J. Can oil; M.S., Bro J. Secombe; Levite, Bro G. Hall; Guardian, as per roll. A resolution was carried for the forma tion of a cricket club in connection with the above Tent. At the laud sale held 011 Friday, only four lots were sold. Trest were withdrawn from sale owing to mining objections. The lots sold were:—Allotment S, section K, corner Albert and Dana streets, purchaser It. C. ltoelil, £33; allotment 10, section 79, in Dawson street, purchaser Thomas Dingle, £20 5s; allotment 24, section SI, Armstrong street, purchaser James Mallen, £19 10s ; and allotment 15, section 102, Skipton street, purchaser He v. J. M. Strongman, £41 8s '3d. The lots withdrawn were situated in Urijuhart, Dawson, Start, Windermere, Talbot, Kipon, Dana, Eyre, Doveton, Armstrong, Drummond, Skipton, Darling, and Campbell streets. A considerable reduction has been made in the charges for parcels transmitted by the Victorian rail ways. Now, the charge for a parcel under lib weight, from Ballarat to Geelong or Melbourne, is only Gd; for a packet from lib to 31b weight, to Geelong or Melbourne, Is; from 2Slb to 501b, to Geelong 2s, and to Melbourne 3s; and from84lb to 1121b, to Geelong 3s, and to Melbourne 4s 6d. The parcels are delivered at a small charge, from Gd to Is, if to be forwarded to an address within the municipal boundaries. These low rates will prove very convenient to the public, and will most probably add largely to the receipts from this source, as many people will gladly avail themselves of the facilities now afforded for sending small packages. In the scale published there is one strange line, to the effect that corpses will bo charged at the rate of Gd per mile for long distances, and in no case will the charge be less than £1. A Chinese named Tong Quee Tie was arrested yes terday at Ballarat East, on a cliarge of cutting and wounding Matthew Vantak Ivan, with intent to do him grievous bodily liarui. The facts o£ tlie ease were, that the prisoner had got into a dispute with the prosecutor on the subject of religion, and being a carpenter with his tools near him at the time, took up a chisel and tried to stab his opponent in argument. Alfred Ilolyoak was given into the custody of the Ballar.it West police oil Friday evening, for stealing a piece of bacon, valued at £2, from, the shop of Adam Scott. He had been caught in the act. In another column will be found a notice of Mr Finlay's scholastic and farming establishment at Gracefield. The Herald states that Mr Scott, district-surveyor at Camperdown, has been dismissed. The//«•«?<£ has also discovered that the administration of the Land Act has been very lax. The Herald says:—"All the scandal, evasion, and difficulty, which has unfortunately arisen under the new regulations, woidd have been altogether avoided if a thundering No had met the applications of Mr Duffy and Mr Blair, and all similar ones. The widest stretch of authority and the most fertile imagination are alike at fault for any possible ground for receiving favorably applications of the character of those which are under enquiry by the Board of Land and Survey." What is this but what we have said a hundred times ? It is, however, well that the truth is now admitted, though decidedly late. We (Evening Star) understand that the sum of money to be paid by the Government to Mr W. II. Wright, secretary of railways, as compensation on his retirement from office, is no less a sum than .€4000. The Working Men's Meeting committee, under the auspices of the Ballarat District Temperance League, will, according to an advertisement which appears in another part of this paper, hold its first meeting for this year in the open air, at the eastern end of Sturt street. The Rev. T. Copeland, Primitive Methodist minister, of Talbot, and Messrs S. Stoneman, J. Mer son, and R. Baker will address the meeting on the principles of total abstinence. The public generally may not be aware that a series of monthly meetings is held in various parts of the suburbs, and which are addressed by speakers regularly appointed by quarterly plan. The number of gentlemen thus working, in cluding twelve of the principal ministers of the town, is sixty-five. Such an array of volunteers working for the temperance cause gives reason to hope that the merits of the cause of total abstinence will be made freely known. Among the vessels which cleared out on Thursday was the tine ship Holmsdale, for London, amongst tlie passengers by which was Colonel Gore Browne, Mrs Browne, and family. Dr Nicholson was also a pas senger. We observe that the Government of New Zealand have called for tenders for a four-weekly mail service between Wellington and Hobson's Bay, in connexion with the Suez line. These tenders will be received in Wellington up to the 8th day of February next. The police station at Harcourt is to be closed. The Evcnuvj Star says:—" The appointment of Mr Tuekwell to office under Government, is being lauded as one that is worthy of consideration, if we are to believe the Ministerial organ. Is it forgotten that this man has been taken on in the face of the fact, that there are dozens of meritorious officials dismissed, and ready to take any humble service that may save themselves and families from hardship. It would be interesting to know the sympathy between our fast Minister of Railways and the ex-detective, and now Water-works bailiff? Is it usual for Ministers to reward witnesses by giving them billets in their de partments. The appointment of Tuekwell ought to raise the hopes of Moses Alexander, and raise his price. Already the other side are begging that this hist of the actions will not go on. We shall see." The Herald says—Tho wide margin for reduction of expenditure, which has hitherto existed in connec tion with the various public departments, was in cidentally illustrated at one of the meetings of the board ot enquiry mto tne worKmg ot tne stores and transport service. The secretary, in a written state ment handed to the board, remarked that prior to 18Ci the expenses of the department were—salaries, £4-175; and wages, £1777; making a total of £6252. In 1804 a review of the department was made, with the intention of reducing the cost. The result was, that salaries were reduced to £1635, and wages to £1-153; total expenditure, £3088, or a reduction of more than one-half. The present enquiry is met with suggestions which will still further reduce the expen diture by a sum of £729. This at the very commence ment of the proceedings, before the board had made any independent enquiry." It is rumored that the Government will, on the re assembling of Parliament, ask for a vote of money to further compensate the civil servants who have re tired in consequence of recent changes in the various departments. By the Nightingale we have papers from the Mauri tius to the 27th December. The following particular news had been received from the Cape to the 5th of November:—" The best proofs of the practical belief in the extensive gold- fields to the north of the Trans vaal are the frequent departures of digging parties from the colony and Natal. Every country village in the frontier districts seems ready to furnish its quota of willing hands, and the public here and at Port Elizabeth, and Durban are disposed to 'make an effort' for the attainment of one good end. Notwithstanding disparaging reports, and the natural drawbacks of the country lying between the Vaal and Limppopo rivers, I enterprising men continue to persevere, and tliey need but numbers to gain fortunate results. ' Diamonds are trumps' is still the slang phrase in Cape Town, for more diamonds have been found, and more probably will be found by those who take the trouble to search for tliem." From Mr Ellery's report on the observations made at the .Melbourne Observatory during the month of December, we learn that the season has, so far. been exceptionally hot. The hottest day experienced in December was the 2-ith, when the thermometer of the Observatory registered over loldeg. in the sun, and llOdeg. in the shade. This degree has only been ex ceeded twice—in January, 1SU0, and the same month in 1S(J2; and then only slightly. Wc (Argus) learn that the Panama Company's fine steamship Otago, which arrived in port oil Wednesday evening fast from New Zealand, was taken possession of on the same night by Air James Lawrence, auc tioneer and shipbroker, as agent for the mortgagees in London, represented hero by Mr S. G. Henty. Yester day morning the vessel was given up by the company to the agent of the mortgagee, and the change of ownership has been duly recorded at thoCustomliou.se. The vessel is now for sale, we may add, by private bargain, while the remaining vessels of the company's intercolonial fleet, the Airedale, Lord Ashley, Auck land, and Egmont are advertised for disposal by order of the representatives of the company who recently came out to Sydney from England. It is impossible not to regret that a spirited enterprise has thus come to an end. Some time ago efforts were inrulc to altiliate tue branch of the Ancient and Independent Order of Odd Fellows in the colony with the order in the United States of America. Two of the lodges in the Geelong District, the Ashby and Loyal Brothers, refused to join in the movement. The former lodge was in con sequence suspended on Monday last, and the latter on Wednesday, by the Central Lodge. The legality of these proceedings, we hear, is questioned, and it is said that the members of the two suspended lodges, who are extremely indignant at the course thus t;iken by the Grand Lodge, will take steps for. the purpose of proving how far its decisions in the matter are warrant able. The difficulties in the way of the completion of the bond between the Government and the Ballarat Water Commission, forthe reimbursementof a sum of .£50,000 advanced for the extension of the waterworks, have been linally removed. The chairman of the Water Commission, Mr Anderson, accompanied by the mayor of Ballarat, Mr M'Dowall, and the hon. Mr Jenner, waited on Thursday upon the Attorney-General and the Commissioner of Lands, when the preliminaries were settled to the satisfaction of all parties; and Mr Gnrner, the Crown Solicitor, was instructed to have the bonds prepared without delay. To expedite this, it has been arranged that Messrs Anderson and M'Dowall shall remain in town until it is executed. The A<jc says:—" Whatever may be the course of procedure which Mr Bowman, M.L.A., proposes to adopt to relieve himself from the obligation of return ing the paper given by him to the Customs Depart ment for the liquidation of Customs duties, it is evident that his expressed intention to offer any defence to the claim on the bill of exchange for £72 ISs Sd must have been very recently formed, for he repeatedly offered the Governmeut to pay it on con dition of the remaining bills being renewed, which offer, it is almost needless to say, was refused. Mr M'Kean, we believe, acted as Mr Bowman's solicitor, and procured the holding over of the proceedings for a short time on the pica that payment would be made,. but that owing to domestic circumstances harsh pro ceedings against Mr Bowman might be lmrtful in other than a pecuniary way. The courts are now closed for the vacation, and the Government have for the first time heard of Mr Bowman's intention to offer a defence." The changcs which have been resolved upon throughout the Civil Service are coming into opera tion. The late Under-secretary, Mr Moore, ha.s retired from office, and has become entitled to a pension of £500 per annum. Mr Odgers, of the Chief Secretary's department, has been appointed to the vacancy. Ill making these reductions it has been found necessary to give some consideration to the amount of compen sation to be paid to those removed from office. Under the regulations of the Civil Service Act they have a claim upon the Government of one mouth's salary for every yenr they have been in the service for a certain period. Miss Fannie Carandini's benefit concert at the Alfred Hall on Friday night, drew the best house of the season there. The hall was filled nearly, and seats could not be found for all the visitors to the higher priced portions of the building. AVe need hardly state that the concert was a good one, for all of them are good, so good that it is no wonder the public patronage is liberal, ihe programme last night contained a large variety of choice music in solo anil concerted selections—Ballads, glees, and operatic pas sages, comic, serious and" plaintive, made up a whola so charming and so charmingly sung and played that from lirst- to last the audience was • evidently delighted. The eiicore3 were frequent, and the applause most hearty, for all the singers were ill good voice and the piano accompaniments by Miss lio.-ina Carandini were, as they always are, given with exqui site taste. That pretty pathetic ballad, "Come home, Father," was sung again by Miss llosina, and the answering chorus by Miss Fannie and Mr Shcnvin, the performance holding the audience in hushed at tention to the close, when an unmistakable burst of applause showed the appreciation of the skill dis played. Unfortunately there was no edict issued against tlie admission of babies in arms, and several silly mothers had babies who were up in arms against the audience and the singers, the chccktakers, like policemen when a row is Iikeljr, being magnifi cently above taking any notice of what concerns every body else at such times. It so happened that in the softer passages of " Come Home, Father," a couple of rowdy babies joined in chorus, the inevitable drum of the volunteers was thumping away not far off, and a railway engine ever and anon uttered a wild inhar monious shriek. AVe draw the lino at babies, not be lieving the drum aud the engine to be controllable, but think tlio management might keep out the very "Young Australia." These concerts are too good to bo spoiled by nursery melodies, to say nothing about the health of the babies. Only one more concert is announced, and it is sure to be well patronised. Mr Seftou's benefit at the Theatre ltoyal, last night, was a much better one than too many theatrical bene fits are, but the house was not filled. The perform ances included, " The Polish liefugee and the Panto mime," and the Pantomime had the extra attraction of a second clown; Mr Braclier having given his services in that capacity for Sir Hefton's benefit. Mr Braclier was of course very funny, and the enjoyablu ness of the merrier passages of the piece was not a little increased by his capital nonsense. This evening the Pantomime will be repeated for the last time, and as a parting benevolence to young people, they will bo admitted at half-price to all parts of the house. On Monday a new season will open, and our old friends, Mr Bellair and Sir Rayner, will re-appear. 