TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (From the Melbourne papers.) Warrnambool, 23rd Feb. Captain Harless, of the brig Tower Hill, which arrived yesterday, reports that when between Cape Otway and Moonlight Head, on Monday afternoon, he passed a large ship with turret poop and painted ports, very close in shore, and Captain Harless signalled "Too close in ; you are only a mile and a half from shore." The ship then wore round, when the breakers were seen close under her stern. At 8 o'clock the same night Captain Harless observed a fire suddenly spring up in the direction of the ship. The fire lasted(?) one hour and thirty-five minutes. (Per Greville's Telegraphic Company, Reuter's Agents.) Warrnambool, 23rd Feb. Messrs. Greville and Company have re- ceived this morning from their correspon- dent at Warrnambool the following further particulars as to the supposed burning ship reported to have been seen off Cape Otway on Monday night last. The captain of the brig Tower Hill says that he only saw a re- flection on the sky of a fire. Thought at first it was a bush-fire on King's Island, but calculating his then position he saw that that was impossible, and that it must have been a ship. The captain of the schooner Ann says that he distinctly saw, on Monday evening, at 8 o'clock, a blaze like that of a burning ship. He was then close in by Moonlight Head, and the burning ship was distant apparently fourteen miles south by east. Both captains agree about position and the time of the fire. They state that the wind did not favor their approaching the burning ship, but they are both very sorry they did not attempt it, or hang on till morn- ing. On their arrival at Warrnambool on Tuesday at noon they reported the occurence to Musgrove, the harbor master, who imme- diately telepraphed it to the Customs depart- ment, Melbourne, presuming that they would at once send out a steamer. The Pharos left Melbourne for Warrnambool on a surveying cruise, on Tuesday evening, but at this hour has not arrived here. If any further particulars transpire will immediately telegraph. A large ship was seen off the coast, bound east, tacking about, on Sunday, by the captain of the Tower Hill, a little west of the Otway. The signal master at Cape Otway reports to the Government that on Monday night he saw a glare of fire about 7.30 p.m., which looked like a fire on King's Island. It did not appear to travel, and gradually died out. The wind at the time was very light. The bearing of the light was S. 25deg E. The captain of the Orwell reports that he passed King's Island at the time above-mentioned, and saw a fire on shore. 1 p.m.— The Pharos is now steaming in, and will anchor about 2. In- quiry will be made on board in reference to the supposed ship on fire. 3 p.m. : Lieut. Stanley, of the Pharos, says that he saw nothing of a burning vessel, and knew no- thing of the report until his arrival here. The Captain of the schooner Annie, which arrived from Geelong yesterday, also reports seeing a ship on fire, and corroborates Captain Harless's statements. A large ship passed Warrnambool, close in, on Sunday afternoon, answering the same de- scription. It was bound for Melbourne. The Pharos and Edina both arrived to-day but neither saw anything of a burning ship. On the arrival of the Pharos a deputation consisting of the mayor and the borough council boarded her, to meet Lieutenant Stanley with reference to the harbour im- provements. The annual pigeon matches were held on the racecourse to-day. The first prize, Lane's silver cup, was won by J. C Rolden ; the second, by John Geary ; and the third by J, Connor. There were 20 entries for the prin cipal event. Several other contests concluded a very successful day's sport, which was un der the management of Mr Thomas Grim wood, of Melbourne. Taldot, 23 Feb. Jealousy and Assassination. A. farmer named Thomas Studman, resid ing at Mount Glasgow, shot his wife dead thi6 afternoon. Suspecting her fidelity, lie brought the supposed paramour, whose name is Williams, face to face with her. A strug gle followed, during which the wife was shot in the heart. It is supposed the shot was intended for Williams. The deed was pre meditated, as the revolver was bought yester day. Studman is now in the lock-up, but Williams has not yet been arrested. Beecuwoeth, 23rd Feb. A meeting was held here to-day for the formation of a company to carry out the branch line of railway from Beechworth to Wangaratta. Provisional directors were ap pointed, and a form of prospectus was adopted. An immediate canvass was resolved upon for the disposal of shares in the undertaking. In anticipation of the Beechworth races, which take place to-morrow, the town is in fested with a large number of suspicious looking characters. It is proposed to swear in a number of special constables for the pro tection of property. Colac, Feb. 23. Bush fires have been rainug in all -Iirec- tinns since Monday at Oarpendeit, Irre wiltippe, and Colac. Xo particular damage has been done. Silk's saw mills are saved ; it was reported that they were totally de stroyed. At Terang Napthin's homestead has been destroyed. The weather has now changed tor the better. Castlemaixe, Feb. 2*. A miner named Hocking was found dead near Vaudoit thi6 morning. It is supposed he was killed through falling from his horse. Mr Dickson's wooden store at Vandoit was nearly bunted down yesterday, but by great exertions the five was stopped, aud very little damage was done. Bai.lahat, Feb. 21. At the police court to-day, the Great Northern Junction robbery case was brought on. At jioon, the miui Huggius, who wns defended by Mr M'Dcrmot, Mr Walsh prosocutinff, was acquitted for want of evi dence. The other men — Rashleijrh, Tonkin, May and Roberts — were committed for trial. The case occupied the whole day, and the court »vas crowded. When Huggins ivas acquitted a demonstration wns attempted, hut soon mipprcsscX There was a full bench of magistrates. 