(From the Gympie Times ._) j Bbisbahe, Tuesday evening. — William Har per, Alfred Gadd, a man named Reed, and a blackftellow, were drowned on Friday last whilst attempting 'to enter Nerang Creek, near South Passage, Moreton Bay, in a small boat. . It is very gratifying to find that a more ment commencing in the right quarter, and in a thoroughly practical manner, bas been set on foot for supplying the present lamentable deficiency in the building accommodation of our Primary School. In reply to a requisition addressed, to liirn, bis Worship the. Mayor has convened a public meeting to take the subject j into consideration on Friday evening next. It n An *3 SlA 4-Vl « f' DAMA ArtO oViAtll^ m/itfA ? ?. lL. \jiiiy uccucu iiuai duuiv uuc ouuuiu uiuvc ill iue matter. We are sure that education .is so highly valued by a large number of our towns men as to ensure a successfnl issue of the movement when once started. The stifling northerly winds of the past ten days were succeeded on Tuesday evening .by a ? furious gale from the south, which continued j all night,, and did not quite subside until yes terday afternoon. Hitherto the only effect of the change of weather bas been to re-kindle numerous half-extinguished bush-fires' and raise clouds of dust, the long- looked-for rain remaining absent, or falling only in such spar ing quantities as to be almost imperceptible. The sky, however, continues overcast, and at j the time we went to press there were indica tions of a coming shower or twoj Me. and Mrs. HoHoway gave the first of a series of dramatic entertainments on Monday evening, to a very good house. ? The parts in which they appeared were taken from ' The School for Scandal ' and ' Othello,' tbe en tertainment closing with the screaming farce of ;the Rough Diamond.' The audience: evidently throughput richly enjoyed the care-; ful, and yet vigorous,' representations of the leading performers. On Tuesday night, owing to the southerly. buster, that was raging, there was such a paucity of attendance that the en tertainment waspostponed. This evening the J theatre will be opened again with the same company, with the comic drama of the '-Won- derful Woman,' to be followed with the first act of '? Hamlet,' and closing with the ' Rough Diamond,' an attractive bill, which ought to fill the house. Tub Courier of Mondav savs : — The nolice authorities received a telegram yesterday, stating that a man named Madden had been arrested between Westwood and Gainsford on Satnrday last, charged with being the bush ranger who committed the late mail robbery Madden was identified by the ^mailman as being the right person. The Bishop of the Anglican Church, Dr. Tufnell. held morning and evening service at Gayndah on Sunday last, and a confirmation service in the afternoon, when seven persons were confirmed. His Lordship returned to Maryborough on Tuesday, and held service last night in the English Church. The Rev.. Mr. Dan vers made a capture yes terday morning of a fine king fish, weighing twenty-two pounds, under circumstances worth relating. Crossing over the log bridge on the Wharf Reserve, he saw the fish floundering in the mad below him, it evidently having gone on a predatory excursion up the creek with the ti3e, and the tide falling had delayed its re turn until too late to pass the shallows. Mr. Darivers having descended to the bed of the creek, managed to seize the prize by the tail and safely land; it with the sacrifice of one of his own boots — ; subsequently recovered. Bishop Tufnell happened at the time to be staying with the rev. gentleman, and very de vout people will no doubt see the fitness of things which provided so ample and delicate a dish after bis Lordship's late Apostolic travels and labors in this part of the diocese. -Tt 1C In'orlllv Prn^ltoltlA 4 r-v 4- — r '-,.',c'.v. vtywiwvLv iu oumcuuuj LUitb «&i-; that out of the way place, Sandy Cape, the children of the persons serving oh the official staff of the light-house there, should not be left without means of education. A primary school, under the- superintendence of Mr. J. Osborne, has existed there from the first, and there are now upwards of twenty children attending. On Tuesday. the 12th of September, the ' children held a festival, which is to become annual the good things, fruit, cakes, and lollies, con sumed thereat being the gift of the Harbor Master, Mr. R. B. Sheridan. The children ap pear to have richly enjoyed themselves during daylight with open air games, and in the evening with dancing, the party breaking up about 9 p.m. with 'cheers for the donor, and f God save the Queen.' In our business columns will be found the valedictory address of the hon. B. B. Moretom who resigns his seat as member for the Burnett, for non-pcftitical reasons. . During his too brief parliamentary career Mr Moreton has evinced a praiseworthy application to his legislative duties, a's well as an independence of character which many whose names have been ab ovo associated with Queensland politics might i envy. He has not only represented his own constituency with ability and discretion, but has done much to further the general interests of the colony, and his retirement from public life, which it is to be hoped is only temporary, will be ielt as a general loss. The only candi- . date we have heard of as likely to come for ward in his place is Mr. Scott, of Toromeo, in which case there will cr.rtainly be a contest, as the northern portion of the electorate will never consent to the unopposed return of a nominee of the Great Liberal party. A small key bas been left at our office by Mr. Buchanan, whereby ' hangs a tale.' It is stated to have been found a few days ago by some blacks on Neringerbab, a small island to the north-west o^ Woody Island, and was giyen to Mr. Buchanan by a Fiazer's Island black in exchange for a bit of tobacco. The key is of a by no means common kind, and the owner would have no difficulty in establishing his right to it by describing certain well marked peculiarities which it exhibits. If the account given by the blacks of its finding be correct, it is probably a relic of some fishing or exploring party of recent date. A singular occurrence was brought to light the other day on the run of Mr. DenntG, Carr's Plains. It appears (says the Pleabant Creek JVeres) that there is an empty hut upon a lonely part of the station which was inadvertently left open. A bullock, urged by a fatal curiosity, entered the building, and it is surmised that in turning round the animal closed the door, thus rendering exit impos sible. Not being used' to ' house-breaking' the unfortunate beast was literally starved to death. The coming down of the Murray flood is thus described by the Benalla Ensign : — ' A young farmer travelling from Echuca to To cumwall this week found himself stopped at Ulupna by the height of the Murray. He then started to go up the river to Cobram, hoping to cross there. After proceeding a few miles on his road, he 6aw the overflow of the Murray coming down like a wall of water, or, as he described it, like a flock of sheep advancing towards him. Beating a retreat, he got -to Barjenar, on the Dlupna station, a homestead about six miles back from the Murray, and by nightfall the whole of this was surrounded bv by water as far as the eye could see. Reports ! have come down the river that the Murray is, at Albury and other places, as high as at the highest time last year, and that a tremendous flood may be anticipated, if it has not already set in.' ' . Mr. Micawbee, planning the addition of a bow- window to his sitting-room, and sending the teaspoons to the pawnbroker's round the corner in order to raise the wherewithal to procure a supper, reminds us very much of Mr. Vogel. While this gentleman has been nego ' _ r 4 AAA AAA 1 ? C* ? 1 ? a ? J ? Lianmg it iuhu ill j^ugiuuu, uuu cun* tributing to English newspapers glowing oc counts of the resources of New Zealand, the revenue of that colony has been gradually de clining, and upon returning home he has to face a deficit of £76,000, coupled with an over draft of £60,000, and to become acquainted with the disagreeable fact that the revenue has fallen £116,000 below the estimate of lastyear. The total expenditure which has to be provided for in the current year is £982,000, and his proposed method of making both ends meet is thus described : — He estimates the revenue at £55,000 more than it actually was last year he adds £lo,000 to the stamp duties; docks the provinces of £25 000 of their capitation al lowance (which, by the way, was only last year fixed, by an act of the Assembly, for a period of years) ; and shifts the £50,000 agreed last year to be paid to the road boards from the revenue to the loan, and, in order to make it popular with the country, doubles it, making it £100,000. Mr. Vogel's plan of drawing on posterity to meet current liabilities may be a popular qne with his contemporaries, but wtat will the next generation 6ay to it? — Austral- asian. -[ Under the date of September 19 we have j Che following Fiji- news, via Auckland : — The I Kenilworth, from -Fiji, reports the murder of | Bradly, master of the Swallow, by the natives | of Banks' Group. The Fiji elections were pro- ? ceediug. The Assembly consists of ? 30 mem bers, representing one half-caste and 24 white constituencies. The.native chiefs form a sepa rate House, with power to consider and propose amendments on the Assembly's measures, but not to veto them. Nothing has yet been heard from the Ba expedition. At present (says tbe Ballara-t Star ) there are sundry joinery repairs going on at the Bank of Australasia. Lydiard-street. On Thurs day night one of the workmen was engaged in removing the drawers from the counter, when he found, in a crevice behind a drawer, a mouse's nest, and, upon closer examination,1 discovered that its material was a number of bank notes more or less gnaWed into undistin guishable fragments. It was found that the larger portions represented one £10 note, one £5 note, and one £1 note, along with a mass of minute fragments of other notes which may represent any imaginable amount. Beyoud the fact of the figures on three of the notes having been left decipherable, nothing is known of the original value of the hoard; but it is just possible it may have amounted to £100 or more. How tbe notes came within reach of the mice does not appear, but it is - probable they were extracted piecemeal, for 1 building purposes, or may have been passed over in repeated shuttings of the drawer. The fact remains, however, that the evidences of a considerable sum of lost money have been brought to light, and outside people are left to speculate how it has happened and how it is to be accounted for. We have heard that many years ago there was a teller of the bank turhr* Hi/1 r» nf Inaa Vkie cifnAfinn «-**-- nn --i/Min4- --- deficiency, but had to refund the amount. Possibly Thursday night's discovery may have something to do with that remote trans action. Present to the Marchioness of Nor maitby — The Port Denison Times says : — A magnificent specimen of white coral was on Saturday last presented by Mr. R. Heron to the Marchioness of Norman by by the hands of His Excellency the Marquis. Magnificent is a very nign-sounamg word, which it is but sel dom proper to apply, but there really is no other word appropriate to the object of which we are at present speaking, which is remarka ble for its beauty even in the neighbourhood of the Coral Seas, where handsome specimens of that lovely product of Nature's handiwork are so abundant. The piece is of the some what disc-shaped variety called by some per sons, we believe, teat-coral, on account of tbe shape of the little pointed excrescences which are characteristic of it, and perfectly bleached. We are not quite correct in calling it disc shaped, because- although the. perimeter is nearly circular and the face of the coral flat, yet the back toward the root is convex, the whole bearing some resemblance to an old fashioned watch seal, or, if so humble a com parison-may be allowed, to a butter print. The mask is adorned with a growth of coral quite different from that of the front, but in its way equally beautiful. The average diameter of the face, which is very nearly circular, is two feet, and it is without flaw. The species of coral is quite familiar amongst us. but this specimen, for size, colour, shape, and freedom from flaws, is unapproached by any that we have seen on shore, though no doubt in coral regions of the sea innumerable pieces are to be found far finer than even this ; but it is a work of no small labour to raise from their beds, bring on shore and clean without damage, pieces of the size that Mr. Heron had the honour of presenting. The Marquis admired the gift exceedingly, and we have uo doubt that the Marchioness will equally appreciate its beauty. 