STOCK REPORTS, &o.; Hiverixe Herald Office, Tuesday Evening. The following mnb of stock has crossed since our last I issue:—23rd—2,500 fat sheep, Hon. W. Campbell's. _ _ After the disagreeable experience of many successive | days of hot winds, with the thermometer^ seldom below 100 in the shade, a delicious change set in on Monday morning, and has continued up to the time of our going to press. Some showers have fallen, but scarcely sufficient to lay the dust; the sky iB however overcast, and the wind at times positively cold. While awav from the ' frontsige6 many of the frontages many of the water-holes have diied up, there cannot yet be said to be any great scarcity of water, nor ore the plninB by any means destitute of feed. From the Lower Murrumbidgee welcome news is to hand of a timely downpour, but the want of the reviving element is hadlv i" lt in the neighborhood of War:. Wagga. liaiii has also fallen in many parts of Riverlna, and it is hoped that the enormous bush-fireB whioh have been doing so much damage •will be stayed. From Queensland and the Far North cheering accounts are oace more to hand ; the drought appears to have broken up: On the Sfacquarie in tlio vicinity of Dubbo the weather has been fine. Tho country has suffered very severely from bush- fires, and rain is anxiously looked for; stock in the meantime have had to be removed to the frontages. At Coonamble a good deal of rain has fallen, and feed is abundant. Forbes hsB aho been visited by a plentiful downpour. Mr G. A. Elliot, of Wagga Wagga, reports on the 19th instant:—"The demand for fat cattle is not very brisk, but realiy prime cattle could find buyers at good prices. There are none coming forward from the North, but a few lota have left Llii s district lately for Victorian market*. Quotations—Ii«i:i)cke, £.0 )0.< to £G 10s; cows, j£4 10b to £5. The demand for store cattle is still in excess of the supply. Quotations—Bullocks, 3 to 6 years, £4 10a to £5; cows, £3 to £4; young cattle from £2 to £3 6a. No demand for tat sheep. Buyers of store sheep are still numerous for wethers; maiden eweB are in great | demand, and for weancrs high prices could be obtained. Quotations—Wethers, 6j to 7s; maiden ewes to 8a; | sound mouthed ewes for fattening, 5s Od to 6s; weaners, mixed sexes, 5s to Cs " The following are the local crossings: 176 head of fat cattle (Messrs Stinson and Ghisholm's) passed on Tuesday for Melbourne; Mr John Doyle'B 416 head of store cattle, principally bullockB, of 8, 6, and 7 years old, me reported to have paeBed for the Southern markets; Readett and Simpson's rnob of ftore cattle crossed at Goangra, and are travelling via Onnnable, to "Watrga Wagga; AIUoq'b 17,000 store sheep from the Carpentaria country, Mr Hector Suiter in charge, and en route to Alison's station on the Castlereagh, are crossing; Doyle's2500 fat -.fathers for Sydney have left Walgett station. In the Gnulburn markes heat be»f is worth from 16a to 17a per 100 lb?; sheep, from 7s 6d to 8s. In Maitlaud best beef bridge frciu 16s to 18s per 100 lbs. The Dubbo stock items, ■under date 11th January, aro as follows2'J0 head of fat eattlo (Brown's) from Cannonbar, pastsd.Dubbo on Friday, for Sydney. About 200 cattlb (Margin's) from Wammerawa are going to Sydney vi. Bylstone. ISO fat cattle (John Brown's) are reported to bo on (.he Bogan going to Sydney. 250 fat cattle. (Bill and Patterson's) left Butterbone on the 8th instant for Sydi'.ev., SOhehd-of fat cattle (Jirocklehurst's) from Tiuroka, were' at Coonamble on the 7th instant, coming te Dubbo. 600 store cattle (J. ill. Simpson's) from Armidale, are coming into Dubbo for sale. Ab^ut 500 store cattle are coming from the Barwon towards Dubbo. Lamb's 606 store cattle from Queensland are reported coming this way. The following sloe): hare crossed the border ;tt Paroo : 1000 head of store bullocks, a very even lot of good cattle, from Messrt Scott's station on Valley u? Lagoon's, going towards Rivr-rkia for sale. lOOO'Lcnd -A very mixed cattle, in charge of Mr Wade, i'roiu the Boweu Downs Co.'a station, also going southward. There are some fine bulls close on the border c-n route to Mrs M'Crea's BtationB. Wilson River; they are from the herds of Lee, New South Wales, and-M'Bougsil, Victoria. Two lots of sloi'r cattle, mixed sexes, are ooiuin" ' from Coolah for sale at Dubbo. ' " A Tax on Cattle aicii Sheep.—Whc-n the "Victorians talk of taxing our oat tie and sheep that we send lo thnt colony, we hope that our friends over the Murray will bear in mind tbat we sent down on their Ecbuca line 74.554 bales of- wo'ol in 1871, which go to swell Victorian exports, increase the value of their debentures, and have some 50011 effect in lowering the cost of freight from Great Britain to "Victoria by providing return freight. Supposing each of these bales of wool to be worth only £20 (we are far toelow the value), we have sent via Hobsou's Bay wool in value amounting to £2,491,080—probably two millions of pounds sterling would be nearer the gross value of this woo!. We paid in carriage for this wool to Victoria £28,500, while tbe sheep traffic comes to £21,000. Here are nuarly £50,000 more which we banded over to our neighbours. They took away in Murray timber 30,000 tons, all of which we know did not go from the New South "Wales side of the Murray, but most of it did, and we claim all the ' river Murray thut runs through our colony. This intercolonial trade ought not to be interfered with unnecessarily. Bear in mind that we sent the "Victorians 417,000 sheep per rail, atul tens of thousands travelled the other roads of the sister colony. Wf- n!?o ,«ent them upwards of 25,000 fat cattle.—Pastoral Times. Puue bbed Bulls foe thk Fab North.— Our Puroo correspondent, writing on the 27th ultimo, says that some fine bulls are close to the Border, en route to the stations of Mrs McCrae, on the Wilson. They are from the justly celebrated herds of Messrs Lee, of New South Wales end Mr Robert M'Dougal, of Victoria. It is evident our friends in the far north intend to keep tip the famous character for their stock which they have already earned. No outside cattle -go into the Melbourne or Adelaide markets which fetch suoh topping prices as tbe drafts from tbe Bullo, Paroo, Wilson and Upper Warrego.—Dubbo Dispatch. Death from Lightning.—" A. peculiarly sad acoident," reports tbe Ararat Advertiser, " occurred on Monday afternoon, about 4 o'clock, during tbe continuance of the thunderstorm which passed over Ararat. Two of the grandchildren of Mr Wellington Thompson, named respectively Charles and Edward Robert Bryant • —who have been living with him at his homestead, beyond the new cemetery—were playing just outside the door of the house, when the lightning struck them both to tbe ground. On pioking- up Charles, who was four years of age, he was found to be quite dead ; but his brother, -aged six years, was only stunned. At a quarter past 4, Dr Law was called in, and examined the •unfortunate little fellows. He found that the •electric fluid had struck Charles on tbe head, ! ■singeing all the hair off tbe left aide, and mark- 1 ing thnt side of the face and the whole of the ' mouth. There was also a slight mark on the ' boy's ribs, and a burnt place on the abdomen, ' about three inches in diameter. The fluid 1 appeared to have passed to tbe itiaer side of tbe left and the outer side of the right ankle, and the , i -clothes were all torn to pieces. The other iioy, \ Edward, though stunned by the shock, and ' remaining insensible for some time, ultimately { 'Tecovered his senses, and, though in a precarious l •itate, hopes are entertained of hia recovery 1 ■The only mark upon him is a cut uuder bis oUin, i •evidently caused by tbe fall, eo that it is thought r -lits electric 9uid did not touch him." I < 