DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRES. During the last few days, this district has been visited by a number of bush- fires, the disastrous effects of which have scarcely been approached since the calamity of Black Thursday. The first alarm was caused by an outbreak at Mr. Millear's Audley station, the flames sweeping that run, and destroying a good deal of fencing and grass at Bloomfield's and other farms. On Friday, tbe overseer at Brisbane Hill station observed a blaze amongst the log and brush fencing of that run, and after considerable trouble he man- aged, with a little help, to get the fire under for that night. The flames broke out again on Saturday, and continued all that day in a southerly direction, with a few points towards the east. The fire, at this time, was driven before the wind with tbe force of a blow-pipe, in a long pointed strip not more two hundred yards wide. Towards evening, as the wind slackened, the tire extended in all directions at the edges, and about eleven o'clock on Saturday night the wind changed to S.S.E., and freshened considerably. The whole of Messrs. Austin's run was swept, and it was little short of a miracle that the woolsheds and homesteads were saved. The intensity of the fire may be imagined when it is stated that the Messrs. Austin had caused all the dead wood on the run to be accumu- lated in large heaps not far from one another, causing a conflagration which extended to the very tops of the trees. The loss of stock at Brisbane Hill cannot be correctly ascertained at present, but from the position of the sheep, and the impossibility of rescuing them, it is believed that at least two or three thousand, and probably many more, must bave perished. Some of the valuable imported sheep were got into a place of safety, only to be again endangered when the wind changed, but it is to be hoped they were ultimately saved. And here it is desirable that we should bear testimony to the good feeling existing between the Messrs. Austin and the selectors in their vicinity, as evidenced by the fact that the farmers, although their own properties were in great danger, and were ultimately ravaged by the fire, left their homes and their ma- chinery to assist in saving the property at Brisbane Hill. The whole of the farms on Camp Creek, to the number of some forty or fifty, have been completely devastated, although, in most cases, the dwellings were saved, Messrs. Elliott, James Lowrie, W. Perrin, Alex. M'Donald, Ewen M'Millan, J. Master, Poynton, and several others, being considerable sufferers. Mr. John Stewart, of lnverary, lost his fencing and some four or five thousand acres of grass, whilst Mr. Wm. Stewart, of Lyne station, is advertising to- day for tenders to replace eight or nine miles of fencing destroyed on his run. About three o'clock on Sunday morning, tbe flames crossed the road to Mr. M'Lellan's station, travelling with a rapidity that a well-mounted horse- man would find diffiedty in keeping pace with. The loss of fencing and grass at Cape Wrath was very heavy. The fire got into Mr. Watson's run, where it caused con- siderable damage, and Messrs. Bayles and Melville's Weerangour estate also suffered to some extent. Mr. Thomson, of Monivae, fortunately escaped with little or no injury, although at one time the place was in immi- nent danger. Possibly the fire might have been checked had there been a little more organisation amongst the workers, who were using individually their best exertions to keep it under. Concentrated action might, perhaps, have prevented the flames from crossing the Belfast road, but the heat was so intense, and everybody was so confused, that nothing effectual could be done. At a rough calculation, it is estimated that about 20,000 acres, or upwards of thirty square miles, have been completely devastated, although a much larger area has been em- braced by the fire, leaving only a few patches of country here and there unscorched. By the last accounts, the fire was still burning in some spots, although considerably reduced in dimensions, but it is to be hoped that the rain which fell yesterday would prevent further danger. From all parts ot the district similar reports of fires have been received, and the extent of the damage may, to some extent, be inferred from the telegraphic reports. We learn that five miles of the line between Portland and Mount Gambier have been burnt down, also two miles of telegraph line between Belfast and Portland, and more than a mile in the neighbourhood of Heywood. The line repairers have managed to fix up in a temporary manner some of these breaks, so as to prevent large districts from being entirely cut off from the communication, but to restore the lines permanently will cost both time and money. Consequent upon these numerous fires, the heat experienced on Saturday and Sunday was greater at Hamil- ton than on any previous occasion this summer. The town was enveloped in smoke, and people were rushing about on horseback and in vehicles, with a view of ascertaining the extent of the threatening danger, and rendering such assistance as lay in their power. It is a source of thankfulness that there is now an agreeable change in the weather, but it is to be feared that many small farmers have been either wholly or partially ruined by the catastrophe. 