DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRES. {Hamilton Spectator, Feb. 19.) During the last few days, this district has been visited by a number, of bush fires, tho di«astrous effects of which have scarcely been approached since the calamity of Black Thursday. The flames broke out on Saturday, and continued all that day, in a southerly direction, with a few points towards tho east. The fire at , this time was driven before the wind with the force of a blow-pipo, in a long pointed strip not more than- 200 yards wide.. Towards evening, as the wind slackened, the fire extended in all directions at the edges, and about 11 o'clock on Saturday night tho wind changed to S.S.E., and, freshened considerably. The whole of Messrs. Austin's, run was swept, and it was little short of a miracle that the woolsheds and homesteads were saved.. The intensity of the fire may be imagined when it is stated that the Messrs. Austin had caused all tho dead wood on the run to be accumulated in large heaps, not far from ono another, causing a conflagra tion which extended to the very_ tops of tho trees. Tho loss of stock at Brisbane Hill cannot be correctly ascertained at present, but from the position of tho sheep, and the impossibility of rescuing them, it is believed that at least two or three thousand and probably many more, must have perished. Some of the valuable imported sheep were got into a place of safety, only to be endangered, when the wind changed, but it is to be hoped they were ultimately saved* And here it is desirable that we should bear testimony to the good feeling existing between the Messrs. Austin and the selectors in their vicinity, as evinced by tho fact that the .farmers, although their own properties were in great danger, and were ultimately ravaged by tho fire, left their homes and their machinery ta assist in saving tho property at Brisbane Hill. The whole of the farms on Camp Creek, to the number of somo forty or fifty,, have been com pletely devastated, although in most cases the dwellings were, saved, Messrs. Elliott, James Lowrie, W. Perrin, Alexander M'Donald, Ewcn M'Millan, J. Master,. Poynton, and several others, being con iderable sufferers. . From all parts of tho district similar re ports of fires have been received, and the extent of the damage may, to some extent, be inferred from tho telegraphic reports. Wo learn that five miles of the lino be tween Portland and Mount Gambier have been burnt down, and two miles of tele graph line between Belfast and Portland, and more lhan a mile in tho neighborhood of Hey wood. The line repairers have managed to fix up in a temporary manner some of these breaks, so as to prevent large districts from being entirely cut off from the communication, but to restore the lines permanently will cost both time and money; Consequent upon these numerous fires, tho heat experienced on Saturday and Sunday was greater at Hamilton than on any previous occasion this summer. The town was enveloped in smoke, and peoplo were rushing about on horseback and in vehicles, with a view of ascertaining tho extent of the threaten ing danger, and rendering such assistance as lay in their power. It; is a source of - thankfulness that there is now an agree able change in the weather, but it is to be feared that many small farmers have been either wholly or partially ruined by the catastrophe. ? ? ' ^ , — 