FIRES. Oar exchanges teem with notices of fires, chiefly arising oat of the late drought and beat. The Mercury writes:—" Very large bush-fires continue to rage in the forest south and east of Daylesford, the strong winds giving increased fury to the flames. Every now and' then a heavier squall than usual causes the fires to leap forward on their prey like some devouring monster. On Thursday especially, the country was enveloped in thick volumes of smoke, espe cially in the neighbourhood of Musk Creek. A resident of that neighbourhood informs us that the fire there presented a front fully a mile in width, the trees being alight from bottom to top, and the roar of the flames audible for a considerable distance." .• The Kyneton Guardian says:—" A fire took place on Friday afternoon in Mr H. Jarrett's paddock, View Point, Eyneton, by which a considerable portion of a stack of wheat and a threshing machine were destroyed. Mr Thram had been engaged threshing the wheat and had got through about two-thirdB of the' stack when either a spark from the engine fell on the straw and ignited it, or a match set fire to the adjacent straw. In a few'minutes the stack was completely in a blaze, and the fire also caught tbe thresher. There was a number of men almost immediately on the Bpot, and it was of tourse hopeless to' attempt to save any portion of tbe stack, and although an effort was made to save the thresher, it had speedily to be relin quished. It was only with considerable difficulty that the engine was extricated." The Avoca Mail relates how a most destructive fire occurred on Wednesday last on the premises of Mr Thomas Evans, a well known and highly respected farmer, residing at Long Gully, a short distance from Natte Yallock, by which the whole of his crops, homestead, fanning implements, carts, and, in fact the whole of his pro perty on the land has been consumed. The cause of the conflagration is said to have been the usual spark from the engine driv ing the threshing machine, and the machine itself has also, fallen a victim to the devour ing element. The total value of property destroyed has not yet been estimated, but it must amount to something considerable. The crop was a heavy one and the produce of two large farms; the farming implements were numerous and embraced some of the best and most expensive of modern inven tions for husbandry; and the homestead was substantially and comfortably built, well and tastefully supplied with useful furniture, and, as we remember by a recent visit, contained also a small collection of very rare and valuable books. Several carts, waggons, &c.; were also on the pre mises, one of the vehicles named represent ingabouttbe only thing saved. Itisnotlong since the life of Mr Evans was despaired of through injuries received by being thrown and jumped upon by a young horse he was riding, and on the present occasion every sympathy has been ex pressed in his misfortune. The threshing machine was the property of Mr Snnder son, of Moonambel, a hardworking man, to whom the burning of the machine will, it is feared, prove an irreparable loss. The Guardian also tells of " A fire, which;at one time' threatened to assume very serious dimensions, on Mr Andrew Thomson's farm, near Kyneton, on Thurs day afternoon. A spark from the engine of the two o'clock mail train was blown into the paddock known as DowsettV, ad joining the line, and ignited the dry grass. The wind was very high at the time, and the grass being very dry and scorched. by the recent hot weather, the fire spread . with almost inconceivable rapidity right in the direction of Mr Thomson's homestead. In a short time about 50 men and boys were oh the ground assisting Mr Thomson to beat out tbe flames with boughs, but so strong was the wind that for some time it appeared as though the destruction of the buildings was inevitable.- Fortunately, however, by the most strenuous and un ceasing exertions, this calamity was averted, and, after about 20 acres of grass bad been consumed and some of the fencing de stroyed, the fire was got under." Our con temporary very justly adds—" It is surely time that tbe engines on the Government railways were provided with efficient spark catchers. Not a summer passes that some accident of this description does not occur." 