GEarcutfa Craft.; (Fro m ear Coire§ixmdeMt.l - . BoMiua have lately been far too prevalent to call forth mn-& .surprise, and thsre have been several of these destructive viaiiatioaieia^hisdireQ tion.; tbe most formidable of wliiob ooeuired about 1 ten days ago at uerambnla. Tbe ravages may be imagined when I say that Mr.-John Donnolly'a loss may be roughly estimated at 41000. Over throe miles, oouutry, comprising the -best graneod. portions of Berambula Run, together with fences'' and valuable homestead, have boon completely destroyed. The fird is supposed to have originated in a dwelling-house oocupied by one ol the station bands, who hltd only a oay oriwo previa nsly bean engaged. No dpubt a little timely precaution would bave prevented this misfortune. Too much credit cannot be accorded to the neighbours for their timely and unceasing endeavours to stay the further damage, that.rpast inevitably have -resulted bad tbey not generously come forward. The lire was only prevented from doing further damage by ceaseless exertion night and day for 72 fa ours. Independently of bush- fires, grass is getting very scarce out here, and rain is much wanted. It has been threatening for a long time past, and they do eay, 'long threatening comes at last.' S I am torry to say that it is not a angular fact that many parents in this vicinity are so blind to the advantages derivable from education that tbey still persist in debarring tbeir offspring from its influences with a deplorable indifference, notwith standing that two schools have recently been established in their midst ; one a half-time school betweon Upper aud Lower Tareutta, the other, a private enterprise of Mr, J. Donnelly, who baa with commendable zeal and at no sihafl expense, crceted a school- bouse, procured suitable fur uiture, and employed a teacher. Tbe establish ment of schools in most localities in New South Wales is by no meanB an easy matter, for so much indifference has to be contended with. If parents wish to see their children anything above the narrow-minded ignoramj eo plentiful in this district— if they wish to see our criminal statistics grow ' beautifully less '—and our gaols less crowded with tbe youth of tbe colony— in the name of everything good aud true let them throw aside this indifference. If the prediction of the great Russian philosopher is to be realised— if Aus tralia is to ' load the vau in the march of nations '— let parents aid this glorious consummation by the roost powerful agency tbey possess — education. January 12, 1S74, [We have been compelled to take, somewhat sweeping liberties witb our correspondent's lengthy contribution. — Ed. W. W. E.J. 