THE GRAZIER. Sheep Breeding. THE following paper, by Mr. J. Smith, Llanart Bathurst, was read boforo the Council of the Agrien tura! Society of Now South "\VnleB, onFeb. 3,1875 : The subjoct of shoep-breedinír, though already ful discussed, can never bo considered exhausted wbili ?woo! continues to be tho lifeblood of the colon; Animal discussions oannot but effect some Kood. I.i presuming to come before this society with sue crude ideas us my experience has suggested, I cairne but fool sensible of tho disadvantageous position I tah up, following the able ossays of tho E>n. G. H. Coj than who no colonist is better e'ltitled to speak author: tatively on matters connected with sheep-breeding But, to use a figure of the late Sir Robert Peel, it i by the friction of ideas that light is emitted. If sheer farmers cjan bo induced to give tho colony the benefi of their experience, the young men now going into tb bush may avoid some mistakes in laying the basemen of thoir fortunes. I proposo to compare notes with some English writer as to the origin of the best flocks, and tho effects o chínate, pasturage, and soil, on the wool ; to record m; own oxperioncc in this country ; and then briefly t examine our land laws . s to the effects operating oi tho production of this staple article of the colony. I assume that the objeot of tho shcop-favmer is tb cash returns from his flock, and not exclusively tb price per lb of his'wool. I start, then, with th< maxim.of Lord Somerville, that "the breed of sheei which, on any given quantity of land, will carry for Í continuance tho most wool as well as flesh, and botl of the highest quality., is the breed to be preferred. " How this result is to bo seoured in tho differed climates, and on the differont pastures of our exten sivo sheop-walk, is tho present subjeofc of inquiry, . "Whether or not tho progenitors of the marino wert introduced into Spain from Northern Africa, I shall not now stop to inquire ; but whether tho colour wai whito or black is a matter of mare interest, ns showing to what extent judicious seleotion may bo carried. It is. said by a modem writer, on this valuable animal, that " the sheop is a ohild of cultivation. It may be brod and managed so as to become almost all that tho agriculturist and manufacturer rould wish it to be ; and if habitually neglected and abused, every good quality will gradually disappear," Tho Spanish merino, from which our flocks de scend, is thus described by Mr. Youatt : " Tho logs are long, ye't small in the bone ; the breast and the back are narrow, and tho sides nre some what Hat ; the fore shoulders aro heavy, and too much of their weight is carried on the coarser parts. The horns of tho malo are comparatively largo, curved, and with" moro or less of a spiral form ¡ the hoad is large, but tho forehead rathor low. A few of the femalos aro horned, but generally spoaking thoyare without horns. Both malo and female have apoculiar, coarse, and unsightly growth of bair on tho forehead and cheeks ; the other part of the face has a pleasing und characteristic velvet appearance Under tho throat there is a singular looseness of- skin, which gives thom a remarkable appearance of throatiness or hollowness in the neck. Tho pile, when pressed upon, is hard and unyielding ; it is so from tho thickness with which it grow» on tho pelt, and the abundance of tho yolk, detaining all tho dirt and gravel which fall on it ; but when examined, tho fibre exceeds in finanças, and in tho number of serrationB and curves, that which any other snoop in the world produces. Tlieaverngo weight of tho fleece in Spain is eight pounds from tho ram and livo from tho owo. Tho staple differs in length in different provinces. . When fat, those sliecp will woigh from twolvo to sixteen pounds per quarter. The excellency of tlio merinos consist in the unoxamplrd fineness and felting property of thoir wool, and in tho Weight of it yielded by each individual sheep ; tho closeness of that wool, and tho luxuriance of tho yolk, which enables them to support extremes of cold and wot quite as well as any othor breed ; the easiness witii which they adapt themselves to every change of eli mnto, and thrivo and retain, with common caro, all their fineness of wo»l under a burning tropical sun, and in the frozen ro.-ions of the North." Aud Lord Somerville observes: "The second pro perty to be noted in tbis sheep is atondonoy to throati ness, a pendulous skin uudor tho throat, which is goncrally doomed a bad property in this country, and tho very revojrse in Mpain, whoro it is much esteemed becauso it is >. .. pposed to denote a tendency both to wool and to a !.. .i vy fleece." Tho Spanish merino Avas introduced into England by George III. in the y oar 1791 ; but it was not ti 1 1801 that thc first public salo of the progony took placo. At that salo tho rams averaged £11) Ils, and tho ewes £8 lös (3d each. In 1808 the rams averaged £33 10a, and tho owos £23 12s Gd ; and at the Balo hold two yoarB afterwards, thi»ty-threo ramsroalisod £1920, thus averaging £53 each ; and soventy ewes averaged £37 10s por head. Ono ram fetched 173 guineas,' and ¡mother 131. Ono ewe was knocked down at 72 gui neas, another at 70. This salo was followed by tho 'establishment of tho "Merino Society," with Sir Joseph Banks as president and fifty-four vion-prasi dents--patronage enough ; but with all this flourish of trumpets, the crosses with tho English coarsc-woolled sheop proved a signal failure. The cross was too wide, and the merino was abandoned. . Mr. Ellman, in his examination before tho Houso of Lords, said: "He had abandoned tho merinos from tho difficulty ho had in soiling them iu a lean stale. The grazier did not like thom. Ho had tried to fatten them himself, but found he could fatten thrco South downs where he could one merino." And Mr. Coko, in his address to the Merino Society, says: "Ifoeiit my duty to state my latest opinion of tho effects of tho cross of a part of my Southdown flock with merino tups, and I wish it could be more favourable Prom the further trial which I havo made, I must candidly confess that I have reRBon to believo that, however one oross may answor, a further progross will not prove advantageous to the hreedor." But had the English graziers prooeeded hy selection of tho best progeny, instead of oroBsinp" with English sheep, they would have witnessed tho full eft'oot of the English meadow land on the merino fleece as well ns carcass. The English farmer, howovor, was brooding for mutton and not for wool. What different resulta attonded tho introduction of tho morino sheep into Germany I need not dwell on j but in Germany the perfootion of tho fleece, and not tho supply of mutton, is tho object aimed at. That object was seoured because it was steadily pursued, and with unwavering dovotion Tho Australien merinos come principally through Germany, and not direot from puro Spanish Hooks ; hence the tondoncy, being the progeny ot* a cross, to individual instances of dotreuoiMcy to tho parent stock of the German side, which aro described as boing "small, with neck and legs and thu hoad, bolly, and legs devoid of wool." Now, if these inferior animals aro not carefully oullod out of tho breeding flock, thoy will be found to inoroso in number. There is a ten dency in all animals to return to the original type if man is idle. I quite agree with Mr. Cox that we possess in this colony sheep far superior to anything vre can import from Europo-the natural result of judicious aelectit exercised ovor (looks bred under.tho most favourat circumstances of climate, soil, and pasturage T undulating westorn slopes of the groat dividing ran should turn out tho merino sheep inperfection^ T superior softness and elasticity so attractive in t Australian fleece is, doubtless, th« combined effect climate, pasturage, and (brest trees. Tho mildness the winter admits of the proper nourishment of t wool without artißeial feeding, and the geueral dr ness of tho climate is favourable to thc retention yolk ;-while the forest trees afford shelter in wiut and shado in suramor, thus modifying the action tho elements on tho fleece. Tn Cormany tho sheep aro so much confined i sheds, in order to preserva the flceoe, that tho lira eulnr development is checked, the size of the anim; diminished, and his constitution weakened ; tl progeny will be delicate. By free and moderate exe eise in tho open air, with such pasturage as will kee np his condition in winter and summer, and she tered hy the forest trees from extreme!« of heat ar cold, you will havo an animal symmetrical in figur with a constitution adapted to tho country, and boa ing a fleece of superior excellence. That unsight] loose skin exhibitod by the imported Nfgrotti, s troublesome to the shearer, will have boon filled ou and, instead of the Gorman, you will have the Austri lian merino. The German flocks are housed in winter, and, ii deed, in summer also during rain. The fleece is tin preserved to tho very tip ; and it is to this protentio from rain that is to bo attributed tho superior softnej of the Gorman over tho Spanish wool. A British manufacturer (Mr. JowitI), in hi« ovident before tho House of Lords, says : " I began with th Spanish wool ; I then changed to the Çterman, on at count of its superior quality proving better an makin g a softer cloth. I was also able to spin it to greater length-the very qualities in which the Englis wool is deficiont." This uniform softness and elasticity of tho fibre i only to bo secured by keeping tho slieop sheltered fron heavy rains ; but we have not yet attained that stag in sheop farming. Tho shoep-f armo»-, however, should seo that his shoe] aro adapted to his run ; that is, he should keep sue] sheep only as will hold thoir condition in winter, am not attempt to koop large-framed sheep on mountain : ous or inferior country. Sh opp that cannot be kept ii condition will never pay. Nor should ewes out of con 1 dition he ovor bred from-tho ' offspring will b delicitto and wanting in constitution, from deficiency o j nourishment. But poor sheep produce thc fine«t wool I and this has often deceived the purchaser of stud jtock Tho skin contracting from loss of flesh, tho fibres of th wool are drawn more closely together, tho action of tin air is excluded, and a thicker, softer pile produced Every sheop-farmor must have noticed the effect on tin wool ol'sheep romoved from a poor country to rici pasturage. On this point Dr. Parry states : " Tho fineness of Í sheop's fleece of a given breed is, within certain limits inversely as its fatness. A sheep which is fat hai usually comparatively coarse wool ; and one which ii lean, either from want ol'food or diseaso, has tho finesi wool." ' Another writor (Mr. Youatt) says : "/Pasture has i fnr greater influence than climate on tho fineness of tin fleece. Tho staple of tho wool, like every other part 01 the sheep, must increase in-length or in bulk wher tho animal lins a superabundance of nutriment ; and ot , tho other hand, tho secretion, which forms tho wool must decrease, like every other, when sufficient nourish mont is not afforded." Nor must tho effect of soils on wool he disregarded Tboso graziers whovhavo removed their flocks from tin ta ble hinds of this colony to tho plains and sand-ridgei of tho basin of tho Darling havo beon astonished at th« change effected in thu flecco, which could'hardly b( accounted for by climate alone. .' . " An English writer obsorves: "There is"nodoubf that soil has much influence in producing harshness oi tim pile. A chalky soil notoriously deteriorates tho softness of tho wool. Minute particles of tho chalk being necessarily brought into contact, with the fleece, and mixing with it, havo a corrosive effect on tho fibre, hardening and ronderingit less pliable." And Bakewell states, in his work: " In thonorthorn parts of Derbyshire the mineral strata are so abruptly broken that two adjoining farms, soparated by a small brook, would not unfrequcntly bo found, tho ono on limestone and tho other on silicious grit or sandstone. Tho difference of thc wool on tho30 two farms, and from tho samo breed of sheep, and particularly with regard to its softness, is so distinctly marked, and so well known, that tho farmer would obtain ls or ls (id per tod moro for his wool when grown upon the latter soil." When tho Bhtop wore first taken to Queensland tho effect on tho fleeco was very marked. The wool was harsh and dry to the touch, and light in weight; and would only sell in London at a reduced price ; but in subsequent years theso very qualities enhanced its value. The manufacturers had dis covered that the absorption of oil, from this very dryness, had so far- increased the weight as to balance, tho waste from scouring ; so that Queensland wool of the samo degree of fineness was worth moro per lb than that of Now South Wales. This deficiency in yolk on tho arid, parched downs ol' Queensland, whore there is not a tree to afford shado. is doubtless to bo attributed to tho action of-a vertical sun ou tho skin, though it,is quito possi ble tho lino sand taken up by tho wool may have its share in tho work. Natura supplies oil for tho wool, hut not in sufficient quantity to copo with a vertical sun and dust ton other. On the burning plains of tho north-west it would bo worth while to consider the expediency of erecting camping sheds for tho flocks. A few rough postB oreci cd, with a flat roof, formed by boughs and under wood thrown across, would afford shade during tho heat of the day, and would bo amply paid for by the fleece. If it is true that wool becomes hair within tho tropics, tho graziers in Northorn ltivorina and Queens land must bo cautious in breeding " in and iu"-every generation will be a stop nearer hair. Tho owe flocks should _ be carefully culled every y »»ar, and those exhibiting tropical proclivities, or light fleeces, rejected for breeding purposes, and fattened off ; and then, liy introducing rams of the best blood from colder dis tricts, tho retrograde tendoncy will bo retarded, and a fair clothing fleece maintained. But I am not quito sure that, hy a. careful selection for stud purposes of those animals, both malo and female, that do not succumb to the climate, but con tinue to oarry a good fleeco, that you will not, oven without the introduction of fresh blood, maintain a flock that will yiold tho hest return the run is capable of. Tho sheop will become acclimatised, but tho effect of the climate must bo watohod. To attompb to grow com liing wool in thoso warm regions, would bo to maintain a conflict against nature. Kains possessing the greatest possible density of fleece, and black with lyolk, should alone be used- tho yolk preserving the fibre from tho action of tho sun. Ibo liovo the Negretti to bo tho bost sheep for such warm districts. But whilst I would not attompt to grow combing wool in Northorn ltivorina, I think, whero tho climate and pasturage aro suitable, a lino combing wool should lie cultivated, as being in shortest supply Buoh wool, for instance, a» Mudgee produces, can only be grown within a limited aroa, and must always command proportionate prices. It would, of course, be folly to attompt to grow combing wool in districts where tho sheep*cannot be kept in condition in winter, as well a's on tho parched plains of the interior. Wool, to stand tho action of tho comb, must bo nourished all. tho year round. If the animal is allowod to fall off in condition, cither in winter or summer, tho wool will snail with the slightest tension at that part of tho fibre then grow ing when the nourishment failed. , In fact, if the sheep is allowed te get very poor, it will probably east its wool altogether should the improvement in con dition be sudden. In using tho terms clothing and combing, I must not be understood as advising a depart uro from the merino sheep. Two graziers start ing with sheep from tho same flock, one to grow combing, and the other clothing wool, each selecting for breeding such individuals as exhibit in the greatest degree, tho qualities required-in tho course of a few genera-ions each flock will have bent to the will of its owner. My experience teaches me that sheep form no. exception to the golden rule that " Like produces like." ' On this theory the author I have already quoted says : " Every one who has attended to tho breeding of domestic ani mals, must have experienced that by careful selection of those from which he broods, and with a clear and dotined conception of the object ho intends to effect, ho may prooure a progeny in which thafc object will be accomplished. In the new Leicester breed of sheep, a practical proof of this may be seen in the flocks of Mr. Buckley and Mr. Burgess. Both of these flocks have beon purely breed from the original stock of Mr. Bakewell, and yet the difference between tho sheep possessed by these two gentlemen is so great that they have tho appearance of being quite different varieties ; ono owner having aimed at attaining merits.of ono description, and tho other having aimed at attaining merits of a different nature. " And again: "On this principle of selection, tho breedeiTwill continue to proceed. Tho good qualities of his sheep, transmitted from one ' generation to ano thor, aro nolongor accidental circumstances-they have become a part and portion of tho breed, and may bo calculated on with tho greatest degreo of certainty. They onstituto tho practical illustration of tho term ' blood.' No animals will elsewhere thrivo so woll, or improve so rapidly, as on the pastures on which thoy and thoir forefathers havo, generation after genera tion, been accustomed to wander."' And, on introducing fresh blood, the author says : " He must select a ram from a soil and kind of food not dissimilar to his own, although at a 'Hstance perhaps as grout as convenience will permit, with points as much resembling his own sheep as may lie. Thus is illustrated that axi' m wi th. regard to all our domes ticated animals-selection, with judicious and cautious admixture, is thetriie secret of forming and improving a brood." Nor must any sheep-farmer, howovor perfect his Hook, relax in his watchful supervision of his maiden ewes ; before putting his rams in, they must be care fully culled. Thère will" be some to reject-indivi duals exhibiting tho characteristics of tho original stock from which they sprung, but these individuals will be come fewer with every generation. Mr. Youatt says: "The errors to bo avoided arp, too long-continued and obstinate adherence to ono breed ; and, on the other hand, and even more danger ous violent crosses, in which there is little similarity between tho soil, tho pasture, or tho points and quali ties of tho animals that are brought together. " Tho most conspicuous instance of RUCCOSS in form ing a now type, by the process of solection, is perhaps that of Mr. Bakewell, with tho ' new Leicester. This handsome animal is a .purely artificial sheep, made up by judicious selection and.rich meadow lands, and por haps,gives;the best returns to a given quantity of food of any .anitnar.on British pasturage. But, band tho new Leicester over to tho Australian shepherd and his dog, and what will ho become in two or throe genera tions? just what his ancestors were! 1*ature again adapts itself to circumstancps-that food which, with rest, supplied fat, will now bo required to supply bono and muscle to enable tho animal to travel from foorl to water, and to run from the shepherd's doer. So, also, the Rambouillet. This sheep is a splendid specimen of what oare, good feeding, and intelligent selection will effect-but oan this fine figure bo upheld on the arid plains of this country ? Tho check to tho salo of rams is tho best reply. Jtnch remains to bo done in this country with sheep ; but the animals must bo adapted to the nature of the run on which they are depastured, and such only kept as will hold their condition all tho year round. It would be a wasto of rosourcos to attempt to keep tho Rainbouillot or tho Loicostor on poor or mountainous country. Small sheep might bo kept in fair condition where larger animals would starve. Tho grazier must again oxorciso his judgment in creating, by selection, a typo adapted to his pasturage, breeding only from suoh as keep in condition and produce wool. By breed ing from very poor sheep, oach succeeding generation will got weaker in constitution, and at last will pro bably dio off, a prey to worms or other debilitating disease. The depression in the wool trade, a few years ago, drove soino squatters into the error of massing their sheep, pell-mull, in largo paddock?, old and young to gether. This was a groat mistake. Breeding sheep must bo kept properly classed, or the incroaso will rapidly deteriorate, and, af tor two or three generations, will be as wild as the kangaroo. I must, not be understood as spoaking against pad docking, hut against the want of classification, involv ing indiscrimiuato breediug from old to young, good and bad. Paddocks should not be so largo as to render classification impracticable. If sheep will not pay for care and attention, they will certainly pay less without theso essentials. Tho squatter, whose object is to soil and clear out, will go in for numbers ; but the man who wants to derive an income from his flocks must attend to their domesti cation and improvement. Tho Hon. G. II. Cox, in his first valúale papor, re ferred to tho immense loss «ustained by tho colony from tho inferiority of the bulk of tho sheep extend ing into tho interior. This is mainly to bo attributed to our land laws. The squatter, not being allowed to l'urohase a pastoral homestead, breeds up for numbers, with tho view of stocking his run, and then poing into the niarkot, in the hope, too often illusive, of clearing out with a fortune. With this object in view, ho breeds from ovory ewe that lins four logs, whether she carries wool or not, and that as long as she lives ; and tho rams used will ho such as oan be procured at tho lowest figure. Tho result is such as Mr. Cox so woll dosoribes-a largo portion of tho sheep will scarcely pay for shearing. But if the owner of tho shoe]) could also feol himself owner of any considerable portion of his run, his system of sheep-farming would bo very different. It is not too much to any that, of tho twenty millions of sheep in New South Wales, one half should lie fattenod off and roplacod by wool-pro duoing animals. Of course this is a work of time ; but, estimating the improvement at Od per fleece, on ton millions of sheep, wo havo a clear gain to the colony of £375,000 a year. If there is ono article above all other productions deserving the fostering caro of Government, that article in wool-one of the most valuable articles of commerce-of groat valuó tothiB colony-of immensur. able valuo to England. Thia is evidently a wool* producing country. Prepared by nature for pastoral occupation, and overy animal that would imperil tho life of the shepherd carefully shut out, our advance in material wealth stands without parallel in the history of British colonisation ; yet tho producers of this wealth and prosperity seem to bo a proscribed class soarcely entitled to tho protection of the law. Free' selectors aro allowed to take possession of their im provoment, if under tho'valuo of £40, without conv pensation ! And what aro tho sins of tho squatter .that, his sheep-stations and reservoirs should bo thus confiscated ? "Whom has ho trespassed on, save the kangaroo ? I-Io has driven back tho kangaroo, and occupied his grazing ground by sheep. Ho has extin guished tho bush-fires, and converted tho grass into wool. He supplies the entire population with whole some beef and mutton at a low price, and the British manufacturer with a raw matorial that gives employ menfc to thousands, thus enrichinar both the colony and tho mother country. It was wool that built our cities that brought ships into our ports. It was the squat ters who led tho way across the Blue Mountains, who ^ encountered tho spears of tho aborigines, and planted the germs of t>at ever-increasing source of wealth whiob has raised the Australias from the miserablo penal sottloment of Botany Buy to the front rank of British possessions. I will now briefly give my own experience in sheep breeding, and in doing so will endeavour to keep as clear as possible of egotism. I commenced sheep farming with the finest-woolled sheep I could procure. In the year 1848, I selected from tho Australian Agri cultural Company's flock, at Stroud, twelve of their finest-woolled rams : andi have sinco,on two occa sions, imported puro JN cgrettis. I h.ive alno tried, but to a limited oxtont, tho Rambouillet. I found the prognny of puro Saxon merino rams delicate in winter, requiring warm country-those from Sturgeon's pure Spanish dock had better constitutions. For tho last twenty years I have been endeavouring, by selection, to combine length of staple arid fineness of fibre with weight of fleece and weight of carcass. At tho first wool show hold in this city, in 1862, at Mr. Mort's stores, I exhibited six rams' üeecés, in the grease, nuder tho motto, " Genus factum," averaging lllbs7ozpor fleece. On that ocension I received the, following letter from the principal woolbrokor : "Sydney, 18th January, 18G2. Dear sir,-I think it only justice to your "Genus factum" wool to say that, although prevented from being classed for the com missioners' medal, from its want of fineness, there can be no doubt that it is one of the most profitable wools exhibited ; and. by carefully following up the track you aro now on, you ( will undoubtedly attain to what every one is looking for-namely, weight of fleece com bined with fineness of staple. " At tho Exhibition held by this society, in 1870,1 sont in eipcht rams' fleeces, in the grease (in the non-com petitive class), averaging 12 lbs 13 oz ; and thirty fwes' fleeces (competitive class), tho average weight of which was 0 lbs 2^ oz, as published in the list of ex hibits. In 1872 I exhibited six rams' fioeces, giving the avor ago of thirteen pounds, less one ounce ; and this wool, I may mention, reeoivod 130 points for fineness, beating Mr. Fisher's prizo wool by 20 points. At that time the Gamboola wool was soiling in. Loudon at from 15d to 18d per lb in grease In the March sales of last yeal-, fifty-four bales realised 15d per lb. v And as to the valuo of thc carcass : On tho 14th May last I sent 700 weathers to tho Sydney market, which sold at from 15s Dd to His ld, reported by Messrs. Sul livan and Simpson, in tho Sydney Morning Horald, as much admired, and tho best flock wo ever saw at Homebush ;" by Harrison, Jones, and Devlin, as "a few vory choice merinos from tho paddocks of Mr. J. Smith, averaging 701bs ;" and by G. M. Pitt and Son, aa " seven hundred and four merinos, bred and fat tened by Mr. Smith. Those sheep were the best over offered at tho Homobush yards, and made from 15s !td to llisld, hoing tho top figures of tho year, by over 2s a hoad. We quote fißlb wethers at 13s." On tho 2nd Septombor had anothor lot of 750 wethers at Homobush, sold by G. M. Pitt and Son, at ISs. Those sheep wero all fattened on tho natural ' grasses, and not on lucerno, as stated by Messrs. Sul livan and Simpson. I have now given thc weight of fleece, with price per pound, and value of carcass, of the Gamboola flocks sheep that* havo never been crossed by any coarse woolled breed whatever. Tho value of thc wool, I regret to say, has been very much depreciated within tho last fow years, by tba presence of clover'burr, nor shall wo see. tho Austra lian merino in perfection till ho is kept within fences, allowed to drink the morning dew, and to choose his own bed at night. Tho grass seeds, too, are very de structive to the sheep, as well as< injurious to tho wool, and grass seeds can only be controlled by fencing; but there aro difficulties in the way of fencing Crown lauds familiar to overy grazier, whioh very much impede sheep farming. Tho succulent indigenous grasses are disappearing as tho country becomes occupied, succeoded by the pernicious seed-bearing grass. . In disposing of tho lands on tho banks of the western watercourses, I would suggest the expediency of resorviner sheep roads leading from tho table-lands to tho Darling River, in order to admit of migrations, as in Spain, as well as to facilitate the passage of fat stock to the markets. Tho moro uniform the climate and supply of food, tho bettor will tho strength ana elasticity of the fleece boprosorved. I must not close this paper without paying a just tribute to tho Mudgco breeders. Theso gontlemon have dono much for themselves by thoir attention w their flocks-they have clono moro for tho interests ot "Now S nih Wales. By tho high perfection to wince, they havo brought their fleocps, they have drawn tao attention of the whole manufacturing world to our staple product, and thus enhanced tho value of a".01" wool, and imparted a prestige to our productions whioh this society is wisely disseminating throughout Europe and America, and thus carrying out one of tue great objocts of th» institution. , Tho OHAIUMAN (Mr. Cox) said tho paper contained much valuable information. It deserved, howevoi, moro discussion than it, would b . likely to meet wita just then. It demanded further discussion, for T reason that it contained matter which might appear correct to breeders like Mr Smith, but which miga* not quite accord with tho opinions of gentlemen resin ins in parts of tho colony othor than that in winch too writer of tho paper resided. It appeared to him U J- . Cox) that the proper description of sheep for tho no and arid parts of Queensland was the Nogretti. >v°u had a tendency thero to become short, and so;'»tecatu by a variety of things as td become very difficult w shear. Tho great object thero was to seouro groaw longth of wool. , , ii. Mr. SMITH thought it could bo secured in tho noum and tho density of thc fleoco maintained. % . I Mr. M'CubboCH said, as far as.his oxpenonco wei», tho Collaroy sheep appeared best suited to country in thc western district. The flooco of tho.owes was on an avcrnge 2 lbs 14 ozs. Tho wool, a V°ni0"hB whioh ho produced, had commanded full lH'10°vR nnn cheep wesß always paddocked, and an area of OW acres was ma do to carry 60,000 sheep. The paddooK» wore about 4000 aoros oaoli in extent, and tho flocli wore divided and placed in thom. Mr. BKUOE, inspector of stock, remarked that th country round about Bourke could scarcely be likone 'to the parts of Northern Queensland that had been rc forredto by the chairman. Mr. M'CULLOOH asserted that it was a salt hus] country, and resembled in many ways the portion o Queensland referred to. Some discussion took placo as to an adjournment o the consideration of tho paper. The CHAIRMAN' remarked that tho chief discussioi relative to tho paper would take place in the publii prints. Thoro could bo no doubt as to the statemeni in the paper relative to the offeot which good pasturage had on wool. He had known cases whon tho wool was «reatly injured by tho sheep being removed from pooi pasturage to hotter-to lucerne for instance. Slr. GOUDON said that the paper required more dis cussion. It deserved to be remarked, he thought, that tho wool on tho sheep was often seriously in jured by tho manner in which they wore shepherded. In cases whore good shepherds had been displaced by neglectful ones, and tho sheep in consequence badly managed, tho wool had actually been found to dete riorate, and even break across in the middle and drop off. Mr. "WOODHOUSE said that, with regard to the graz ing of sheep in the climates of tho different parts of the colony, tho wool had a great tondency to shorten and becomo hard, but a great deal of that might bo (lone away with by the uso of paddocks. He now had a shepherd, however, whose management of tho sheep effected what paddocks would have done. Early in the morning he took the sheep out, and directed thom over the best country for some hours, till the approach of noon, by which timo the sheep had fed well. They were always guided to shady country, whore they would remain several hours at rest. Tueso sheop, notwithstanding tho dry seasons and other similar difficulties, wore always in splendid condition. It was resoved that the discussion on tho paper bo allowed to take place in tho public prints ; and a vote of thanks was then accorded Mr. .Smith for his excel lent andjvaluablo paper. Mr. SMITH returned thanks, and tho proceedings thoa closed. ' j KOTE.-Ou the 25th November Inst, Messrs. Mort and Co sold 100bales wool marked L.N.S. over Gamboolu (my son's brand) nt 12jd; and on the 20tu January instant 5ö bales marked E.A.S over Narroogal, also from the Gnmboola sheep (E. A 8mith's brand), at 12Jd per lb, in grease, top ping the market. 