DISASTROUS BUSH FIRES. The; Ballarat Star states:— "Jan'. 21 was another of the torrid series of days this week. ; Our Cluhes correspondent writes on , Jan, 21:— 'The weather for the past few days .has been fearfully hot. To-day the ; thermometer stood at 102 deg. in. the shade. Bush fires- would appear to be burning in the district, as the town has been skirted round ; all day with dense columns of smoke. Three small cottages on the Camp-hill were destroyed by fire this afternoon.' Our Smythesdale correspondent writes ' The farm of Mr. John Wright, at Derwent Jack's; had a narrow escape from being, destroyed by the hush fires on. "Wednesday. As it was he had abontamile of fencing burned down, and the house was only saved by the assistance . of about twenty men who managed, - with great exertions, to. keep the flames from reaching it.' A correspondent from Durham writes on Thursday ' Terrific bush fire raging all day Wednesday and throughout the night, embracing some miles of country, from Shepherd's Flat to Williamson's Creek. « and towards Cargarie, and from Piehi all along the ranges to the back of the Crisis Company's claim towards Grenville. All the settlers of these districts were up all through Wednesday night, and the men of the Crisis also, protecting their property.' On Tuesday a fire broke out in the , forest near Mount Mercer, at a place known 'by the name of the Shepherd's Hut, and it spread oyer Mr. Peter Leiga's ground, Mr. Parton's, and Mr. Vernon's, destoying three or four miles of bush fencing, and reaching Bingley's, and Thos. Russell's -station, con suming the grass : and fences in its course. The fire was still raging on Thursday morn ing, and extending in the direction of Break o' Day. It was said _ that there were flocks of sheep in the forest in which the fire broke out The following is from the Bendigo Adver tiser of the 22nd inst.: — The heat yesterday was most intense, and from all quarters we receive accounts of .disasters that have been caused by bush, fires; The fire which, on Wednesday evening, placed Thomas's Half way House- and other adjacent properties on the Inglewood-road in imminent danger, was stopped during the early, part of the day through the fire having reached one of the roads in the neighborhood. The most dis astrous news, however, came from the Whipatick, As is the usual case the small selectors are the greatest suffer ers. Some of these have been burned out completely. Our informant states that there is not a fence in the whole locality but what was either destroyed or in the act of being destroyed at the time of his leav ing. The fire was still raging furiously, and the excitement amongst the residents was great. Early yesterday morning another fire, broke out in a south-westerly direction from Marong, at the back of the Memsie Reef. The greatest losers by this fire are the woodcarters, who, in some instances, have had stacks of wood destroyed which had been accumulating for some months. The fire had not been extinguished late last night, notwithstanding, the exertions of a large force of able and - willing men who mustered on the scene. In the direction of Bridgewater-on-the-Loddon there were signs of an extensive conflagration, and it- is to. . . be feared, should it turn out to be so- fierce as reported, that an incal culable amount of damage will be done, considering that the place is one mass of farms. To the careless use of fire is gene rally attributed the cause, of these conflagra tions. An Italian woodcarter who happened to. be working in the vicinity saw on Tues day some young men set fire to the. bottom ' of an uprooted tree, for the purpose of smoking out. some rabbits, which had been observed to take up their quarters there. Their object having been accomplished, they left the log in a blaze. Only a short time elapsed before the fire was communicated to \- the surrounding grass, and the woodcarter had to work exceedingly hard before he could succeed in subduing the flames. Re ports from Woodend and Macedon state that the fires of yesterday are still raging, and with every sign of spreading. On each side of the line for miles fire and smoke is to. be seen, and the heat is terrible. Along the railway line in the direction of Runny- ' mede the fires were visible last night, and it : was- stated, that considerable damage had already been done to houses and property, and from appearances more damage was anticipated. On Wednesday, at Marong, ' Mr. Dwyer, the well-known local surveyor, , along with his staff, had a rather narrow 1 escape, from being burned alive. The ; paTty, being in a hurry to complete i the survey on which they were en- gaged, had , not noticed any danger until the flames from a fire in the neighbor hood were spreading- anil closing in around them. Anxious- ta secure the surveying in struments, Mr. Dwyer seized hold of the theodolite and made a safe retreatr One of the party however, was not so successful When gathering together the poles, chains, &c.;, the- fire made a fresh rush and the man had to run for his life. After the fire had passed over, the party returned and found the chains- and other iron instruments, but the poles had been completely burned. Our correspondent at Huntly writeB Since Wednesday evening, the bush fires in thie above vicinity are approaching the town ship- as fast as- a strong northerly wind can force them, along. One fire had crossed the. Bendigo Greek near the Bullocky-bridge, and was fast approaching the farms; of Mr. Stanley and Mr. Tootell The whole of the miners from the Bendigp and Ballarat and Aunabella claims started for the scene of the fire to lend their aid to extinguish it, as it was travelling so fast to wards the above farms. They were success- fuP, together with other willing hands, in saving the saw mills and farm of Mr. Wil liam Clay on Wednesday night. Our Marong correspondent writes I havef re ceived: information to- the effect that some of the farmers at Nerring and Myer's Flat- have been considerable losers by the destructive element. Mr. Enright has. had a new fence and his homestead almost, if not entirely, consumed. Mr. Caton and Mr. Dedrick have also, had a deal of lately erected fencing destroyed | and it is feared that Mr. Dens- ley's name may he added to the list of the -sufferers. At the time of my writing this, ten o'clock on Wednesday night, the sky to . the north and east, of Marong is all . aglow with ascending flames. From the neighbor hood of Duke's Flat the fire appears to be rapidly spreading in the' direction of Eagle- hawk, and the horizon is illumined for many miles. The fife is supposed to have origi nated on a farm belonging to Mr. Robinson, situate at Myer's Flat, - and to have been caused by some boys who were shooting over the ground and from whose guns it is con jectured that burning wadding had fallen on the ground, and set the stubble or grass on fire. The Daylesford Mercury reports the fol lowing particulars of the losses in that dis trict : — " Mr. J. H. Wheeler had three miles of tramway burned, and with diffi- culty saved his lower mill from destruction. Mr. L. Dyer lost at his farm, Larry's-hilJ, the produce of 70 acres . of oats, valued at £500. Mr. Bromley, a neighbor, also had the whole crop of hay off a 20-acre paddock ! burned. He estimates his loss at £250. Mr. Westicott, a farmer of the same place, lost all his fencing. On Jan. 18 a fire broke out- ak three miles down Kangaroo Creek, and consumed the house, crop and fencing of Mr. Callighan. He estimates the damage at £750, and he is left entirely desti tute. Mr. Cheeres has -also lost his house, cul tivating crop, &c.;, and is left entirely desti tute, with a large family. Mr. Golban had all his outbuildings, fences, crop, &c.;, des troyed j and but for the gallant manner in which Mr. jjWheeler and his men battled with the flames, the house and stables would have been lost. He estimates his loss at £350. Mr. A, Campbell, of Musk Creek, saved his house, but has nevertheless suffered heavily. Mr. Dinse, of the same neighbor hood, has lost his stacks and everything else. All Mr. Orr's outbuildings were burned, and also his crops and fencing, and but for Mr. Wheeler and his men the dwelling would also have been destroyed. Mr. Orr estimates his loss at £300. Mr. Richardson has lost everything except his dwellinghouse, and Mr. Coglan also was a sufferer. The forest was alight on both sides of the road between the Junction and Deep Creek ; and Mr. Wilkins, of Vincent- street, who was on his return from Ballarat, says the heat and the smoke were fearful. By great exertion he managed to drive his horse through. The fire also raged at. Blanket Flat, and con sumed, among other places, that of Mr. Hugh Datson. A piece of lighted bark, which blew across the road from a tree, fall ing on his roof, soon set the whole premises in a blaze. Mr. James Johnston's Hotel at Sailor's-hill was also burned. Mr. Mayson also lost the fence round his paddock, and Mr. G. B. Smith's slaughteryard was des troyed. Mr. Peschia's place, Sailor's-hill, had a narrow escape, and was only saved by the exertions of the neighbors. It is to be feared that the fires on Jan. 19 ruined more than one sufferer. The case of Mr. Hugh Datson, of Blanket Flat, is an instance of this kind. His house was alongside the main road, and a piece of ignited stringy hark blew from a tree on the opposite side of the throughfare on to.the roof. In a short time the whole of the premises, fowlhouse, &c.;, with the con tents, were consumed. Mr. Datson's wife and family are at present at Castlemaine." . The Courier's correspondent at Linton writes:— "The bush fires are still raging around Linton township, north, east,, south, and west. On Thursday, Jan. 20, James Perry, residing on the Slupton-road, had his stack of hay and fences burned, and thie house had a narrow escape. The fire, which hais done a great deal of mischief, .has now crossed the Skipton-road, and is travelling towards Mr. Wilson's station, Mount Bute. The.LanceJlddMei-curyBa.ys : — Thisdistrict has been visited by one of the most disas trous-bush fires which haB taken place for a number of years. It appears the origin of the fire was owing to some children playing with matches in the neighborhood of the Kilmore diggings. Commencing at the place indicated it soon made its way in a south-westerly direction towards Lancefield, destroying in its caree some ten thousand acres of grass, including the ..farms of Messrs. Welsh, O'Brien, Bourke, M'Grath, Goodman, and several others, only the homesteads of the two last- named being saved by the almost auper- ! human efforts of their neighbors, everything else, fences, grass, grain, and straw disap pearing before the destroyer. Our Wedderburn correspondent, writing under date 2l8t January, states that "for several days past- this township has been environed by alarming bush fires. The at mosphere was laden with a thick smoky . vapor, and as the encircling fires approached each other the heat became almost suffocat ing. The thermometer recorded 110 dog; iu the shade,. and it became quite evident that 1 all living things would soon, have to prove ; their powers of endurance, On Tuesday one of the many fires closed in with the farms ' situate on the west side of- the township, aafl B .the danger became vciy serious. The towns B i people turned out to a man; Til M ' classes were represented, and worked B with a win. After" two or three horns H hard battling with the fire the threatened B paddocks were pronounced to be out 0f B danger, andonly just in time to leam that m the. element which had been baffled in. one B direction had! made most menacing progress B in another. 'A horseman dashed up to say B that it was within, a short distance of the B homestead- on Mr. M 'Que en's Torpichen 1 run, two miles distant. A rush was i®, 11 mediately made in that direction, and it H| was- only on arriving on some riaim, R ground that the impending danger eotfj ff be . understood, and the. grandeur a B 'the scene realised. Miles of the B country was on fire, pressing forward B towards the homestead, which seemed B doomed. It appeared presumptuous to B , oppose any efforts- against a wall of foe gl : some feet iu height and extending some EH hundreds of yards in breadth. Every at- tempt was made to heat out the f?ja njj ' as it approached, but it was quite evident that the only chance of gay. ing the homestead was ; ta fight mmd the little garden in front of it, and. which afforded an intervening break of a few feet, B This was accomplished, and the fire, after B destroying miles of fence, rushed across- the B creek and threatened Dale Farm (Mr. Thos. Gorse's). Immense efforts were made to save this property,, which must have proved fruitless had not a road intervened; aid even with the aid of this barrier the burn- B ing flakes fell on the stacks of corn more fH \- than once, and their preservation- was only secured by a plentiful application oi water from a neighboring dam. By this time Bf an arm of the fire had proceeded in 111 a more northerly direction,' and approached Hi the pretty little suburban villa of Mr, B, Bj Steel, J. P., named Craigie Lea. Here Sirs, Hf Steel's father and mother, octogenarians, re- sided, quite unable to stay the fire that bore H down on them, or to do 'more than gave SB themselves iu the little garden at the rear, At the critical moment Mr. NankiviJle, Eg tenant of the Spring-hill station, brought a Bf -body of men with him and succeeded, after flg great labor, in turning the fire away Bf to the cast of Mr. Steel's farm. Mr, Wm Steel lost a great extent of fencing, ml The day now closed in, and, the western Eg fire having been chased beyond, the farm?, HS the main body returned to their homes; 111 leaving a sufficient number to watch during Ef the night- Wednesday morning disclosed ||| heavy columns of smoke all around us, and El parties were despatched in all direction;, Eg Dense volumes- of smoke appeared in the El north, but it' was supposed that it waaeoa- Kg fined to the mallee, which is thick in that Eg direction. About mid-day news came fii into the township that the forms at gjf Borung were on fire about five Kg miles distant northerly. All disposable Si horses, vehicles and men were sent off, but Kg alas, too late. Mr. Perryman's homestead, B fencing, drays — in fact, everything was con- B Humed, excepting only two stacks built at a fll remote part of the farm. A neighboring B farmer's cart stood in the centre of the roid, rag and contained the few fragments of furniture B that could be saved, with three little CM- B di en, while the ruined parents gazed on Us B desolate scene. Sweeping on in a soutierly £ direction, the fire, consumed the homestead, £ fencing, stacks, farming implements, arid all B that once belonged to Mr. James King. o $1 very hard-working, industrious farmer, who Eg at the time was absent from home with his ! wife and family. Adjoining this farm is Eg another very compact one, with an ||| inn, the Golden Fleece, situate on it, be- |I longing to Mr, Hy. Hays. The fire made rapid progress towards it, and the only Kij chance was to burn all around the inn and ||1 meet the approaching fire. This was done, S|| and thus the inn and stables were saved, Eg but some other outbuildings and' most of the Bf fencing were destroyed. The fire rushed onwards down Sailor's Gully, destroying huts and tents belonging to the digger;, leaving many with their only property on their backs. It then' reached Bocca Flat, a' little hamlet two miles from Wedderburn, where about twenty persons have residences, and where Mr. Thomas Montague has a store, and the Rose and Shamrock Hotel. Here it totally destroyed the brick cottage and outbuildings of Sir. G. Robinson, puddler, leaving himself, wife and four little children destitute. Mr. Jones and another miner were both burned entirely out. Mr. Montague's store and hotel were surrounded by fire, and the furniture and all that was removable wa3 removed into tho road, and -although the fire attacked the buildings several times, and got into the adjoining paddock, the untiring efforts of those present saved the property. Mr. Adam Phillips' cottage and ethOB were threatened, air the same moment aid this caused such a serious division of lobor that .serious as. the loss has been, it is almost miraculous that it was not greater. Abont thirty or' forty very valuable merino rams, which had been recently purchased by Messrs. Nankiville and Calvert, of A1® , Spring-hill Station I am told for £25 eachb and which were in Mr. Montague's paddodc adjoining the hotel when the fire was mm . rounding it and had reached the paddock, were saved by Kettle, the well-known groom at the Royal Hotel, who, seizing another man's horse that was tied to® post, dashed in and drove "them far off M a place of safety. Another fire at this tune had reached tho township of Wedderburn, ' and it was only kept back by a long line or men. stationed along an intervening wan that skirts the boundary line- Mr. Mare CEoft, while proceeding to his farm to tfl® east of the township, on Tuesday, bad a very narrow escape. He was in a cart ana passing through a paddock that had ca"S,' fire, when the flames approached so rapiu-i that his only chance of escape was to c".af? . a log and brash fence at tho bottom of to \- paddock. Heavy masses of smoke are.3, seen in different directions, and the destrn tion may not yet he complete. Bo euaa loss of life is reported. Terrible destitute prevails, however, and a relief comni'® has been formed on Wedderburn, of wo Mr. S. Rinder, J.P., is the ..chairman ; J. M. Saunders, Bank of Hew Southv;m> Inglewood, treasurer ; and Mr. E. G. Wedderburn, secretary. It ®s„earD.fp,/( hoped that philanthropists from all .,8 and especially from Melbourne, win fe' 'their aid. The exertions of the I 3 i.„rji nolice. Senior-constable Colvin and I Kfounted-cons table KiHen deserve the Wheat praise. Since writing tlve foregoing I TUarn by the ap- country mail, jnsffc arrived, | that several farms around East Charlton are I U' IiO Cresi olfh Advertiser of Jan. 22 has the | fiovriug A most seriouB fire was raging I .Moric the farms situated between the Tea ik-ee and Eastern-hill on .Tuesday and Wed- I flgjday last, destroying several thousand floros of valuable grass and miles of fencing. , | ft commenced on Tuesday morning in the I tearing paddock leased by Mr. Beloher from I |jjC nieaton estate, and known as Bate-. | -nan's. It quickly destroyed the shepherd's," | Lot and roasted alive an unfortunate sheep-, 1 The sheep yards soon followed, and . I £be 'fiery element made tracks among the I j0Dg grass which covered the thousand acres 1 constituting this portion of the estate, ex- I tc-ading to the adjoining farm, belonging to | Jlr. Charles Murray, who estimates hie loss at £100. for fences, and about the Bams I for grass. By dint of great exertions' | on the part, of neighbors, the crops ' and dwelling of Mr. M'Nicol were 8&ved;, , 'ns was also Mr. "Whatmore's dwelling, 'i'ho heaviest sufferer by the fire was Mr. J. jjjeher, who, in addition to the loss of. gerojal hundred acres of splendid grass, lias two or three miles of fencing more or less destroyed. Mr. Boyd had 289 acres of ; msshurnt, and a long stretch of log fencing. . Jfr. Mnrnanehas lost about 100 acreB of grass. " yk. Delaney rented a very large paddock, ' kaown as M 'Coil's old paddock, consisting of several hundred acres, much' of which is de stroyed, with a great part of the fences. The whole of the grass in Mr. Geo. Hep burn's paddock, consisting of about 140 acres, was burnt, and most of the boundary and division fences. Up to Wednesday jiiriit no crops had been burnt", although in some places only a few hundred yards intervened between them and the .fire. Mr. David Gibson had a flannel shirt burnt off his back on Tuesday. Other and serious fires were raging about "the district. , Mr. D, May, of Blanket Plat, and late of Kangaroo Hill, went into the bush with a horse and spring-cart belonging to Mr. Smith, butcher, of Blanket Flat, and having : tied the horso up to a tree for a short time, on his return, to his dismay fonud the poor animal roasted, and the cart burnt to a cinder. Three cottages near Sailors' Hill; wore burnt to the ground. Messrs. Graves !' and Frazer's mill was on fire yesterday; I afternoon, and there was not the slightest | prospect of extinguishing it.' Mr. Walker's; I public-house, also near the mill, was burnt jj down. The Victoria Mill, in the forest, the property .of Mrs. Mills, -met a 'similar fate. The few. men who reside in the locality were away harvesting, and there was nothing for it but for Mrs. Mills, with the assistance of her daughter, .and Mesdames Daviei, May, Nickolls and another woman and two lads to set to work and do their best to combat the devouring element. To save the mill itself a hard struggle was made, but- ulti mately the. fire gamed the mastery, and the poor women iia h t-j withdraw almost suffo cated. Nearly every one li ring in the forest I is to a state of anxiety and dread for their 1 property. At Slaty Creek the people were ! putting their chattels down abandoned holes I for security. , The ranges all Tound Spring. Gully have also been en fire for the last two or three days.' From the Anakies the Qeclong Advertiser ' loams that a number of small farmers have beon burnt out, but Nerada station was i saved, the fire, when last seen, having ' I worked its "way across Mr. F. Armytagc's I run and down to Aspinall's store. It was I stotoi that a very large fire had broken out I on the Chevy Estate, destroyed all toe feno- I ing, killed some cattle, and burnt .up all the pasturage, the heat being so intense that . buckets of water had to he thrown over the men employed in beating baok the flames, to prevent their clothes from igniting. This fire then proceeded to lay desolate the country between Chevy and the Barwon, destroying fences, ruining small farmers and gardeners, roastiDg pigs in tlieir styes, and killing many liorse3 and cattle. Lprne Forest has been all ablaze, and Mr. Alountjoy'-s .well-known house of accommodation -was within an ace of ..falling a victim to the -flames. The greatest excitement prevailed in the house, which was at, the time 'full of visitors. Mr. James Noble and Mr. Andrew "White ore also stated to have been great Huffcrers ; and on Thursday the bridge over Bream Creek, on the road to Swampy Creek, was the scene of much . excitement. A Mrs. Cleeland was 'horror struck when she -saw that the -grass near there had ignited, ss.a!l.her -neighbors, who nre chiefly 'wood -carters, were absent in town, and her home appeared to be doomed.. She rushed across to Mr. Abercrombie’s school and gave the alarm. The head teacher and his ..scholars by their united exertions arrested the flames just as 'they were about to seize upon Mrs. Cleeland Vsfcncks, and saved the bridge, wliieh caught fire four or uvotii:ie>-. But for a good supply of water obtained from the creek, they could not | Tsihly have saved the structure. The | oteiglitz _ correspondent of the Adver- I user writes : — " The bush fire3 during : week have destroyed property at I JJarnwel and. Sheoaks to the extent of : between £2000 and £3000 in value. The country for many 'square miles has been cleared -of fencing and pasturage. Air. Dawson lost his- house, stack of hay, ; and all his fencing and pasturage. -Mr. George Hopwood lost his house and inrruture and four sets of harness. Twenty selectors .at least are sufferers from the ravages of the fire." A young gentleman avno.arrived-a-ciay or two ago at Mr. Hens- i !;?» Mount Moriac, having travelled over- aud -from Adelaide, states 'that bush fives wcrc.to .be seen right and left 'throughout io jourr.ey. S.-me of these 'covered con- Klorable extents of country, aud apparently ore raguig more- "furiously .on -She other side or Mount Uauilma- than on -this. « "f10 Aywe/f.-jj Guardian, 23rd iust., :says wm r U1'" Macedou has 'been covered Ui'lire, and upon Wednesday -and Tixurs- anrKf n\ presented a tridy magnificent fpii. ®'. 'be greatest apprehension wa8 TOv on 'he southern side of the mount, Tirnflo nu1ber of Melbourne merchants and Eiimm310 , meU'ave biiilt for themselves < reeafcs» undthcyfound it nece3- 5-nm einPloy men to px-event the fire reaching to their holdings— with success, we believe, in every Instance. The State "Nursery, under the control of "Mr. Ferguson, has suffered to a very serious ex tent, and that -nearly the whole of the grass on Mr. Bobertson's ran has been con sumed. Towards the Bullarook State Forest the fire assumed much more serious dimen sions. On Wednesday and the Messrs. Laver, with a large number of men, were engaged most strenuously in endeavor; ing to arrestthe progress of the fire. Messrs. Laver confined- their exertions to saving the tramway, with the bridges, landings, &c.;, being well aware that if this were once des troyed nothing could save the selectors' crops on the other side. The men were told off into sections, trucks'loaded with tanks filled with, water, and despatched along the line, so as to Extinguish any of the woodwork which might, ignite. This work was con tinued for hours in spite of the intense heat, aud.npon the whole it was crowned with success. In their efforts to save a bridge, the men had to abandon the stables and men's huts to their fate, and they were burned to the ground. Yesterday morning it bad pretty well exhausted itself, and the rain which commenced to fall during the afternoon will complete the work. On the Glenlyon and Daylesford. side of the forest the destruction has been far more severe. Of Mr. Wheeler's seven miles of tramway tbreewere destroyed, and Mi\ Lawrence Dyer, Mr. Bromley, and Mr. Westcott lost crops, fencing and improvements to a large amount. The correspondent of the Guardian at Tren- tham Btates fires have been raging all round ;us since Sunday. Yesterday the house and part of "the crop.helonging to Mr. Donnelly were destroyed by fire. Mr. Thrum had his large .stable and a valuable lot of harness totally consumed. The firewood at the ' Sultan claim was observed to be in "flames early yesterday. All the whistles soon gave the alarm, and hundreds of men hastened to the spot, and after considerable exertion and many scorclxings the fire was extinguished. Mr. Dunn, a small farmer at East Trcntham, has 1o3t his house and port of his crop by fire this morning." The Beaufort correspondent of the Bal- larai Star on Jan. 22 writes : — " The bush fires thift have been raging in this vicinity fortunately have been stopped this after noon. We have been favored with a slight shower, which no doubt 'will be the means of preventing any farther extension of the fire.. I regret to say the losses are heavy, Messrs. Aliason, Topper, Breutnall and M'lntosh, have lost nearly all the grass, and in -addition several miles of fencing have keen lost by each of them. The brush ; fences erected by one of the ahovenamed gentlemen has been the means of causing the fire to extend far more than itwould other- : wise have done, and it was only by meanB of a select few from the township here that soino of the homesteads were not burnt. The : trustees of the Mahlcwallok eBtate have. lost BDmethiDg like 1500 acres of grass. No suclx firo has occurred here within the last eight years, and the selectors are now at a Iobb : whereto get grass for their stock." , A correspondent of the Courier writes : — "Daring the past two or three days - exten- : .sire bush fires have been burning in Bulla rook. On Wednesday the fires spread around Ballan road, and several homes were burnt. The Victoria Mill and soveral houses were destroyed on Thursday. Air. Frazer's . mill only escaped through the exer tions of the workmen, aided by a number oE men from Anderson's mill. Several huts close to the mill were burnt, and the bnild- ings over the Try «A gain Company's claim ; were with difficulty saved from a similar fate through the exertions of the mining manager." . ' > The Pleasant Creel: Hews reports that a parly of miners working on tne Ironbark Kanges -suffered a heavy loss by a bushfire : on Friday. 'They had left work the previous : day, and as n3ua! had lowered all the toolB ' dLown the shaft, leaving the rope on the windlass. During their absence the "bushfire reached the place. A brush miamia, which , had been erected for its shade, was an eaay prey for the flame3, and as the shaft was well " logged up" tho logs and -windlass .wene soon "blazing merrily. An tbey burnt tliey Blipped out of position and fell down the shaft, where -they and the tools, ropp, &c.;, were all burning when the miners ' arrived. So utterly was tho .face of the ; conhtry changed that they had some diffi-'; . eulty in finding their claim, and when they , did so it was only to find their entire mining . plant destroyed, rand flames almost filling the ! shaft as they rushed up .from the blazing heap below. The '.Goleraine Albion, 22nd-Jannanr, says that during the last few days the Western district has been enveloped in smoke, large ; fires burning in nearly every quarter. In Taylor's Forest there was mnch damage \- done - to the .selectors' properties. The "flames , spread rapidly .over the Myamyn selections, and it was ,only by exertion bordering on complete exhaustion that .any of tlie houses; in the forest were saved. In one case : a selector named Thomson, who' at the ; time had a member -of his family lying dead in his house, lost nearly the whole of his effeets ; and another pitiful" ease was that of Saunders, the blacksmith, who was in Portland burying his wife, and. -who had left behind liim five small children, the oldest twelve years of age, in charge of a: ' neighbor named Ellis. The firo being all round everyone had to look everywhere at ' once, and the children were all-hard at work, the -neighbors running to and fro to see how . both places were likely to fare. Just as the ; fire was within a hundred yards of Saunders' house Messrs. Tytkorlcigh arrived from Portland, and after a .hard fight succeeded in mastering the 'firo when it was within "twenty yards of one of tho -buildings. By this time all the trees iu the forest were in a blaze, and fiery limbs were drop-' ping in all directions, and it was nothing , strange to see some person afire. "Mr. -Ellis- . was a severe loaer. aud so also wore 'Messta. Black, Treloar and Rhodes. .All the people in the neighborhood suffered more or .less. The fire appears to have extended from Myamyn to the coast. There was a large fine also on Muntham, and a very large amount of damage done. The Hamilton Spectator reports " From ' all parts of the district our correspondents report -.the occurrence of bush fires. On the 19th and 20th insts. seventeen selectors at Victoria Valley were burnt out, and ' nearly all of them lost their ,fenee3 and ' crops, although their houses were saved. On the selections some 4000 acres of grass were destroyed. Messrs. Field, Matthews, . Lang, Fowler, Egan, Oallaghan, Crawford, Daws oij, Scott, Miller (3), lost every- ; thing but their respective houses. Air. Hornick lost his woolshed aud stable, and Mr. Alacarthnr the- whole of his wheat. The wholo flat is burnt from Hornick's farmto Radley's-bridgo, a distance of about five miles, At a rough calculation, between -sixteen and seventeen miles of fenc ing have been destroyed. In another direc tion, namely, towards. Portland, the report is that the tyhitfclebury run is all burnt, and that the fire was also raging on Mr. Cook's Lake Condak ron. On both sides of the read, in the neighborhood of the saw mills at Taylor's Forest, the flarac3 were ascending the highest tree topB, and a wag gon load of furniture was seen by some travellers to be burning. Air. Hardingham, the carrier, had to keep the horses in full trot, with a hoy on the top of the load to pitch off the burning branches as they fell upon the dray. A couple of bullocks belonging to a team engaged in fetching timber from Bannan's mill were roasted alive, the poor animals being terrified _l>y a burning branch which fell onthoir heads, and rushing into a stump- hole where an immense log was burning, from which position they could not be extri cated. Old residents say there has never before been such a fire in Taylor's Foreat, and such was the excitement that nearly four hundred men had congregated around Pride's mill to endeavor to stay the flame3." Tho Mansfield Guardian, 23rd January, reports that never in -the recollection oE the oldest residents has there been such a con tinuance of parching weather, or destruction of such an amount of property in the Alans- field district, as has been done during the past week. It is almost beyond belief the amount of property and the thousands of acre3 of land "that have been consumed by the devouring element. Cattle and sheep in thousands have been running hither and thither, seeking . sheltor and water. On Wednesday, .a few minutes after the council had commenced their business, Mr. Henry Griffiths presented himself at the shire hall. This gentleman had ridden with all haste from the Preston station, soliciting the co operation and assistance of the president aud members- of the shire council, as a most destructive bush fire had- broken out ad- joiniug the Preston estate. The whole of , the members present,, with their officers, attended by several of the .residents, At once ; proceeded to the scene of the fire, and ren- I dered material sorvicc in preventing the spread of the flame. The fire originated in, tho selection of Mr. J oliu Sm;; th, caused by >thc j already parched grasB igniting from a spark ; that flew from a lire whore domestic washing j was being carried on. The entire selection j was soon in a blaze. The flames ran along with' lightning speed, and it was with much difficulty and no small amount of presence of mind, that Mrs. Smyth saved t'be lives of her children. Unfortunately Miv -Smyth was away from home when .the firo broke : out, and only returned in time to boo tho destruction one. short hour had made. Whilst the extinguishing of the above fire was : being attended to, a . far more serious . conflag ration was raging with terrific fury in tho vicinity of the Broken River aud tho Black Swamp. From Tuesday, evening exertions, were being made by the selectors aud others In this locality to keep back a conflagration that bad done considerable damage at Bnrjai;g on the Sunday. Although their efforts -were to some extent .successful, yet . severe and heavy losses -were sustained I by Messrs. Forrest, M'Phail, Dinan, O'HalloL-an, Hutcliinson, Crawford and, many, others. Those, .mentioned Are" only a portion of the coiiflagratioKS that wore raging at the same time. Mr. ; Araoh, on the1 GouTbuyn, lour teen miles from Mansfield, has had his homestead, . crops of wheat and oats, and every vestige of his property destroyed. At Barjarg serious damage has been done ; also in the vicinity of -Delatite, and nearly the entire country as far as Timber Top, was in a blaze, from whence might :be seen a regular arch of fire extending -along the ranges on Thursday night. -Within two miles of the Lime Kilns the bush has been blazing for nearly a fortnight; Altogether "Mansfield has been in reality surrounded by firea for more "than ten flays. The Portland Guardian reports that on Fuesflay, the 19th, a fire that did much damage originated on the holdiqg of Mr. -John Browning, South Portland.' The fire ran .speedily through Mr. Edward Henty's paddock, burning about .80 -chains -of post, rail and wire fence. From Mr. Henty's pad dock it crossed "to the holding of Mrs. "Gib son, and in a short .time the hut at the corner fending, post, rail and paling, reuud a garden, and about five acres of ground, was speedily consumed. The fire .next passed from Mrs. Gibson's' allotment, threatening Mr, Bui- st-rode's house and grounds, which fortu nately sustained -bat little damage. The whole damage done would probably amount to £200 or £250. The fire commenced about nine a.m., and was only extinguished about six p.m. The Gipps Land Times says that much damage has been occasioned :by the fires that have raged around, but Gipps Land gene rally, though the fires have spread over a large area, does not appear to have suffered nearly .so much as the central and north-, western parto of the colony. The fire wn3 first observed on tho Kilmany Park run, on the 19th inst., at that portion of the .run near Dr. Simmons', and spread with great rapidity, notwithstanding the exer tions of a numbej of hands, mostly ; railway navvies, whom Air. Pearson, bad engaged. It is calculated that up -to yesterday evening 15,000 ncre3 had been burnt, with several miles of -fencing. In fact, from the Ealfway House on the Rosedale-road, to within a short distance of , Wurruk, -the country and fences, on the Kilmany Park side of the road have been nearly all consumed. "On the 20tli the. fire had got to withiu a .short distance of the j house, and was only after great difficulty ' beaten out. A large .number of stock is thought to have got away through the burning fences, as a regular stampede took place amongst them when they saw the fire 1 coming. Air. Pearsou supposes the fire to have been -the work of an incendiary, and offers a reward of £100 -for the discovery of tho perpetrators. -Intelli- gence also comes of very heavy fires in tho Toongabbie and Glcnmaggio districts, wliero the country is on firo in every direction, and Bstirnsdale and Upper Maffra have also re ceived a Bovere scorching. From Grant heavy fires are reported, aud tho residences of several inhabitants, including tho police station, were in imminent danger for some time. Tho woodwork of the Western Com. pany's crashing plant, the property of Air, C. S. Holme, was totally destroyed; also several stacks of firewood. The firo is Bup- posed to have been caused by the careless ness of prospecting parties. Daring Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday last week the hushfires in the Cape Otway forest proved very destructive to many of 1 the settlers and farmers. Many thousands of acres of grass, says the Geelong Adver - User, have been burned aud some miles of fencing destroyed. Air. Calvert, of Yan Yan Gurt, has suffered severely, a largo quantity of his fencing at Retreat Creek having been burnt. Among the graziers and farmers the principal sufferers are Messrs. Farquhavson, Hastie, Leake and D re wry, Mr. Farquliaraon had a good deal of difficulty in saving his house and out buildings, Nearly 10Q hands were turned out endeavoring to stop the progress of -the fire, hut owing to the abundance of dead timber in the neighborhood, and the great heat that prevailed, their efforts were almost resultless," Bush fires are still raging throughout the district, states the Hume and Murray Times, and are doing a very great amount of damage by the destruction of feed and fences. For nearly a week tbo smoke lia3 hung over Wodonga like a pall, and. information far- nished U3 by residents of the Mitta Mitta and Upper Murray states that iire3 are spreading.rapidly in theselocalities, and that unless a change soon fakes place the whole of the country will be in a blaze. . Unfortu nately, although rain clouds from time to time make their appearance, they disperse without discharging their contents, aud ' there is ns little appearance of the drought coining to an end as there was in the bogin- , ning of December. Many are already in great straits for feed and water for their stock, and there is no doubt that hard times are in Btore for stockowners, and to a cer- tain extent, for all classes in -the district, owing to the unprop'itious nature of tho sea son. . . During the last few days, states the Tats Courier., with the exception of Sunday, the weather in this district has been intensely hot. On Saturday, at about noon, those paddooks of the Douro estate which arc im mediately at the rear of ATr. "Wilkinson's residence were fired, how it ia not known ; ! and had it -not beon for tho -exortions of | Mr. T. Goll, Mr. C. Woodman, Mr. Qninn, Mr. W. Quinn, Mr. Skinkwin (the superin tendent at Douro); and others whose names wo have not been able to learn, the damage caused by the conflagration would have been very extensive. As it was a gocd-deal of fencing was destroyed. The woolshod and -several valuable agricultural implements .stored iu it wore fortunately saved. From New South Wales and South Au3- tralion papers -we notice that extensive bush .fires have .taken place in .each colony, aud that at Araliien, Mrs. Watts, a farmer's ; wife, died on Thursday night from injury rroceived by exposure to the sun whilst en deavoring to extinguish a bush fire which was spreading round the farm. 