FOREST CONSERVANCY AND TIMBER SUPPLY. A meeting was held at the South Australian Institute on Friday evening, June 18, under the an[?] of the Chamber of Manufactures, to heir a paper read by Mr, Krishanff, M.P, on the shave aabjeet. There was a large aiten. dasstn, Bk ??~-n— «y the Sovemor, who pre sided,, xeed an apotogy from the Surveyor- OasMal, Mr. Goyder, for hla nnavoidabls "Tm. after wseeh he called upon Mr. KeHhamf, whe mad hu paper a* follows .— No raw ataterial, I venture to *ay, is of greater imaortettee to a larger number of trades men and maaufacturers than timber, and, even by tite simple appellation of fuel, wood take* with manufacturers a place at least stext to ooaL If, therefore, the Chamber of Manufac ture* take* an interest in tbs supply of timber and fuel, it is a duty, which the Ohamber ewes to Jswimasnbexs; aad I foal proud of- being raqasated to o*U this dayspaolal attention* our forasta, ted the supply of timber and fueL I auty not he able to furnish much that U new, bat tho colle?tin? into a small wwnpass of available statistical lnformationj and extracts from varioms books, leotares, or speeches bear log upon the question, but not accessible to ererrnody, may secure your attention for a ■hors while, and show yon that the preservation of aair neves very extensive native forests ii urgently required; and I hops yon will also earnestly raoommend the planting of foreat treat on a large asile. A thoutand pilias thst the praaent planting season, «ith *uji abun dant rain, should be again lost! My atatistisat information a* to the number of Penan* who work in wood are neither cam ptose nor of a late date. In the rear 1871 we had in South Australia 6 mannfaMoria of ocgasa sad pianos, 13 of picture-tram on, 1 of —Mnt rMt*-f —. 16 establishments for boat and &i;* buUdinc. 29 aaw-aOUs; aid faa the nunstipab'tiai alone then wore as long ago as lathe year 1866 alceady 146 shops oesapieil by earnantetaand oabueteakers, 18 bycaopars, 12 by ntun, and 4i by wheelwright*. At le*?t Bil of the more reputed mines require In the aggregate an encrau.'ui quantity of oath t-sobar and tncU' Fortheymr 1873 coal and ooka have been iinpaacnl.4nto,the oatcny foe tho sum ot fcttLflttt • timber of all. kind* (dsduotiag re «iHntU)fctthe mm of £126,726 6a. Dnrin. tnf nnt «aarter of the year 1875 wo haw attMliy^^tapertedtimbsr lor tho vary large anm of £?a,?7U *nd admitting that the larg«c pro pottnsn of oar present ImportatiMof timber nn*?is?fcuoh kind* whioh we m«y probably have to import, oven if we phnt fore***, U is yet nocswocshy that we n?ve not *«c exported one shilling's worth of oar natt*sjtfa>*nr««*Js?*s*??Jaw*«m*. I think we ar* ah* only A—tralian colcfty which nannot, or does not, export come kind of native timber. Wits the inenate of pspulationthU laqte im portslm. wIU, fcowevec, not naplv become faqEWttitl, l?t st.net, even if we foudooai, I satn is the mosb ratfe as oar mpptr of nativntiatinKdnaanM*, Tofartifyft?s,shys?«lHiin. U U best to give ymssx id** aftite very great oonramptiMt of tow—daiidiMinHMil rsplil ihviwwf native timbm Aaw* hare no pwt, and only imported mils, larni—llll nf fin rsnilatnrl'n imr hrnir hold*. eontidering our mild wlnUn, U nw wnrtfamatorr large, asd we may saune that 16 ton* of tmL imnpective of the in usssasciiiii f iifni ' be consumed in cash af th* 58.333 ssmmooUs, whioh the in ii— sir ttr*«auanr*tea. Wish • oMsaassp lien of 674.995 ton* in lb7o, we cMUinli us* marc tba* «80.«09 toss of firewood U 187& Add to tiui the yeariy-inoreaung qnntity of stoeaaraandnreswtj required by oar railway*, tin Anbnrfor onr mfnes, and the fanoas tot our *r**taa sad ffimzieas, I have no doofct it wtUflkthn Ik *Jsnr;to*^ath?A**a*tirfnK*«nit be dttsefoKtiuitatu?k . Of late yean this rabjart-fthe neemnily of preaMncausY |lnri«t! nsrests-haa presoted itadf more foretwy to th* attontiee of nU oM. Used fl stsisls ir. Hooker, of Saw Oardeu, *aya. in • letter dated find Ortobex, 1873, llii • to the U**ter Seeroteiy (Her bart):—^lfced*ty of oanterviag the natural resources *f lbs colonie* for *He banofit of future s eiinrttinwl, whibt encouraging a fair use of tnasm by *•? preseat, ia heeosaiaK the most in 11—'at sad ardnont daty of Owe ec tnuted with sbcir goiiuiiiawit * This was written ante ha had perased the rait* for tne oonsarvation of the Oeyton Foncav Mr. DalceQ, the Oonservator of iansta, Bombay Predaansr. **ra in hi* obasrvatioas on the iaflaenoe of forests—"lt has been said that Mt^ane the progress of mtnstspby step in the acstnatioa of fonata, would Im to write the kwnof oMb'ztttou, as nan v developed only tt^expence%f tore**vegetation. Hence anendaavor has been mafe-to establish it as a asaxUa. that dvilintion is antegonisbc to the ::iilirv Mils <rf forests. When this taatiment is asfeiysed, at is more distingaithsd brevity than tor tenth, for it is iacivtaseao?antriet, ■MhgM qstmnny and BYnnee, that the osaser ratios of forests is ooneideredof vital imper teno>to*n«.t«:aates* end well-being of aoan, aad^.tikUitrHhtat forests thase weald be omej itoAei* Miner i(the «adte of tike hnssna race) •aaamtry of rained cttiea. It is «n*y^* ahe 4?t atop of wHlisitien that: 45.. *he enemy of forortt." to womt Ba*—eJ?*N, jto.titat of. Maarirint and«aaM«( tUlMVMrdlsbndt,tnihe West Indies, ft is, or mast become, the question, of qossttcaa, «■ «nswt rcffeoltag the nimttt liisiUjli f sTirT Mnch as Smnee, Anctria, rriinan. sad I*sjii?ill| Tiissiiati In 11 ili*n fn the ntnsjrratian nnd ptaating rf fsnate, H I* aattn aarteitt that even 4n these, aaantdee timber aaivtowood are risis« valae. in North America forests were taattgat**; be in nrbsnttilHii a*jy:3ft yaarsagctnew it fa esti sisslisji sillad|sm>nii timhrr.rhn waalc tasjien asrts<ahte«Sa(«Bbew«Sentt?sfnitiatiHir wbldaj*asetS? reat*. Kvannaw the tegular i death of tids rbarfettoanasiac every «aa«, am* iwSiW49*e>i*r*jat*arring, wbJam m «sr. mull *■■■*■■ .Issarim eak for aMfha?i lag t? nasjay *■ jpnti.il ii; nnd the pMe, * wslna^^*inoh.valned fcr mtihaHnh, is graatsy I i Ufa an aaassakjaaaa af .-ahe-4%.. tana* It *a* aarw tea* hi sight 11 lbs *<■■■ U*. Mi ansalilli tettsM titattteliew stnfisa«(?asatav«a«t rOm atwans tfatei «a iijuillssi fsilistiikpfnjeweodasU It wen • betOa?fornlan geld, tta npadnaf the ff*—?Pf tr—I "' Vl ■ of the United Btetes osalts ts«mmaa*r «nd bow requires annually a?ore#a*>a*? mfDbjsn af acres* farcat ana,, NowSe^^rof^d^Ooagre-aeF vtojm&miii;"* Pm **,«m? Wnrter of n* t&hmmton; ?btndan,l(U.' ?, ",iHifp aj.^4 fc^ l7liJ??^^^^B^l wuk\ tbfl^ulloW action afeotit "F«lsteteS!Sac--'A very important B%m lately toteodnosd Into Oon. gretnawjparqddsanan, of PeaosyUaala, and s^ now became a law. It provides that «vary fmtnr* ante of Oovarneaant land ehaU fee with the asnStlenttat atJaaat & per otnt. ;of tne Ilsslxixl land "Vt" ]w esant vanpataaUr as woodland ;jt>?^*bJWM^.Wmbarsrl, thenatepataatjk^Wla?aeaoatUea?dttion tMN^^OM^ the qnMti?yi*tobe planted ricn«F«^*«>ementl*toi*m*tbytorfetture ■CthnssS. Bk also |«opaeed that anyone wh*maywl*htD«i^alr*lt^totiasi«d9Ueia?d, ■?an7sb? H*sseiuna Aat, «an do «b b/ proof «f the fatt that h? fens b*d> at the cad of ZZflS&t; tW.ab.aX eontinned nnta ■Wa?feHrfieTss nasafc^att India to rorest ■ coaatrvaaey and pJanting b well known, and aeratinr/dldnot iitaieai?nnteowarly. Tea great extent the famines oooaning periodically U^ashiJi piatinns 41 tJaVeaataiaptej, ihroagn abaenee of cain, ere. a wnnstjenm of de fiMartallun, if we observe the alarm so eeneaUy l i*wii<'sffesub?Mol tbeXegis- LoanlnNewZaahna, (pr. Sector cntenlatod tbaenaef few* land in New ZsnUaab.ithe y*nr USoat SttJ^yflO nartnVtntbe yw 1873 atonlys^laklte aasas), at the rapid tf*** -j?*ar?neeoftiielnative forests of tiwM, in our ;>ssn*iil| ■■silnrlMsaJtTitfaa?r. -Vtaaty «sr Sottta Asotoana** a asateer of far *iiiM*rfcini*nl*lt and jiilsaag haportease to titbj?r«('*tepantarsanla?ef anrnaai«w4*M*in. eadata?#eSnr *>***? *y private Mans a* ■*■— byahnnaiiMiiitia. : Ost pswpsaa t enoak dee af rian?m by n**qs?is^nilt!on«t> an* akbaaVnawy aassysjtjeia^actanisa. teto a epwinlinterest tnlisTllMlllrg. If amrtlm in wffl fe?ew4s>e Mod examples of a B. Fisher, Bsq., and af «*ehn IbdgkWW, SJP., and^baVas extensively ontittirestetes (I think 40.060 forest trees), tt wfllis>"**"to blmw a goad example to ethers, who*j*aa*d*b* sno*a*l to feUow their atop* If theyaeetimsnoeamofinchpUptatioM. WWehshWdadtteaiagafaurtaabndttngheat, And with green boagh Asoked ths gloomy glade; and find that?ftor2? es 3^y«Ma snoh a planta-, tion pays handsoaMly. The demand for dmber U beginning to ar)^ hot it win be aome time hetoM fk faeaaes en the people with rafloba* force to make them turn their attention «p the yiatd oalyaMnrn after yaaa*rf^aent o£ tare. Meanwhile those difficulties will Increase at the«oaa49 heaesMamere and sjodb exposed to the fnm?N> of she winds, hot winds espsi da?y. sweeping overtt with a violanoe which trsaTiiiejnr st?nd, or wfaiah am yoang Madfiifi to be aeoreted, "Bow long wftl UteaejnJi rf native timber fMheUr kef ?n year iSSty. if no farther seepn— tshse lei sej piueui litinn or planting tt llisjsj, inijjn fa «tew a gragnalSaroaso c* t pajrtNrwa?the question to whirih an ensejai wea teqoetted, two yean ago, from<Oot- IwalMlii Tliiliini O He. si>il|iiiisliniillii men. Van* ef the answers received by the CWirfattnrwr of CJrown I«nds were of the foUowiac kind, viz. :-Tery little useful timber Jaft,-«te*jf In a, few isolated pafcAas, too far from any centre of population. In a luge number of the nortHern districts the supply of firewood even U so limited, that there I* scarcely time for tne* now planted to attain a sufficient size to supply U when wanted. How many of our fanners will manage to renew their fencing, except at a ruinous cost, appears to me a mystery, when even now in the better wooded dUtrtet*, pests command already a pries of from 60s. to 80s. per hundred. Thus far, I have not beard of any attempt to dalm a land order under the Forest Planting Kaoovragement Act of 1872. This may be be cause our Government has proclaimed no dis trict* under that Act, or because the bonus offered Is considered insufficient, and, there fore, nobody asked the Government to pro claim districts. Certainly New Zealand, with a dimate more congenial to tree-growing, because ef it* greatsr humidity, hat acted far more liberal in offering a bonus twice as large, and relatively perhaps three or four times M large. At all evente it is dear that the preser vation and planting of forests fa too important to be left under the Grown Lands Department witn a bare chance of being one* attended to at thsrlgtttime, and«tanotheriforgotten or no-: gteotod, with no trained staff, or employing men who take no special delight ta their duties or executed by men who pnt in a tender for it. If such a plantation la successful, it will be a surprise to ma. Compare with this the oare whioh is taken by the forestets in Germany, of whioh Dr. Brandif, the tntpeotor-Genbral of Forests in India, says the following :—"The steepest and tno*t rooky sides of the bills are covered with forests which have been, *o to apeak, created by the Ingenuity i and labor* of the Forest Deparim n\ In many ! such places, where even the few handful* of soil placed round the young tree have had to be carried some distance. It is not contended that the first plantation* wOl yield a direct pecuniary profit, bnt the improvement in cli mate by retention of the moUtura, and recta matttu ef large tract* formerly barren and unproductive Is taken Into accsunt, beside* whioh the dropping* of leave* and needle* from the trees wilt ere long create a aoU and vegeta tion, and ensure the aneeess of plantation* in future years, and consequent ourplu." And in another place-"Nothing that I can atv or write oaa convey too high en idea of the attainments and thorough knowledge of their work pas Ml ted by German forertomoars of all grades. A vary little time served to convince mi that the practice of the German foresters was as good, if not better, than their theory, and that they were, in fact, perfest masters of their duties in ail their details." And again—".Where an we to look for a model or precedent on which to work? and the reply appears ready. To Germany, when forestry has been carried on for lundred* of yean. Not the mere pl???t?t?g of a few luoored aaret here, or reserving a f*w thousand acre* there, but a general system of forest manage ment, commencing .by a oarefal eurvey.stock taUng. careful experimenUin the rate «f growth, the heat ceil tor each aonarinrinn of tree; ia fact, in every branch of tb.smbjaet, and resulting In awifce*. of tnrtaawi* of acre* mapped, divided into periods and blocks, and worked to the beat advantage, both with regard to present and future, and the annual yield of which new, and for many yean to oome, ia known and fixed to within a few hundred enble feet.'" Compare with enr happy-foJaeky style the grand success in planting with pura pinatler, the Dunes, or shifting sands near the month of the Gironde, 160 mils* in length, and the equally grand suocass of making the -poor, ewampy. formerly uninhabitable, Deaarment dcs Landes, by draining and plautiag, pro anetive and habitable. I I think, therefore, with Dr. Schomburgk, "that a Forest Board, eouditing of men enthu slaMie On tha 'question (ana, if posalMa, having ■bate knowledge of forestry), not merely friend* at Chief Secretary or Ooeaaalnioaer, ahoald be b«m« qua. aoa." .Vlatori*, ato, has eallediate Uf* a tteaid «f Fetaata, wttit an lasaeetor ef forest*, and under thb dlreetionthepreaMVA, tiab of foresU and young pfeatatioas nas been ■Mured. Local Foreat Board* de not eeem to have given much aattsfauti— wbum tried fat the neighborhood of the gold mine*. Eventually Looal Forest Boards may be desirable; bat, for the present, unity of action under one Odtv servator may be preferable, until ike extant of our plantation* atay make a divtsten deatebie. The n—ailj of -one each Beard, however, and the appointment af a wall qualified tnan as Onotcsiatec. is, ia my opmlon, obvious. Althongh the Gevernment cannot andertake the obligation of providing fire wood or other timber for the people through, oat the country; and experience may even-' tnelly ahow that ear Government cannot* asaompUsh such undertakings so sissuusrfully, or at least not as economically a* private iadt vidnals; and although it might ac isapoMtie to monopolbe a branch of industry whteh oaght •to attain considerable importance; it % ctiS Very desirable that a weU-condaotad ensaaie •heuldbeaette the people in dtaVrent looaU ties, where it «a Mnto unlikely that private enterprise *Ua«*ftn~ lias desirable to obtain reall> rpOebie if&rmation; on t>e subjactcf growing timber ana fireVooi, by bamntenmng a aeries of systematic experiments a* to the beet deserUtiea«f tree* forth* reapeetive ptar «ose*«kn r«ffcMntl*«al{ties, Mm best time and mode «T pUnting or sowing, the proper number tf different kind* of trees to the acre; «ne best age at which to eat, fee. I know, of oonrae, thatin Gfttnuay tteSUte derives a very large profit from StaVforests; and here also tte Government may be forced, through the neglect of private •nterprbe, to (row timber for the neoeaaary pub?o worfa, espetlally railway sleepers. Srery mtte of new raUway rt quires at leal* 20l?*teeper*—to be renewed in perhaM 10 year*. I can, therefore, subscribe to tile foDowmf passage, being an extract from a tetter addressed by WBee ■etery of Stale for India to the Governor t|To«u^^BtVlraV date* ew SUh day 4 llptfift^r-^lVfbrasts,ftott^hdr nature, tie wnal maxim *tJmdWss*r which leaves sach nfktsrt?Mag*to' private oaterprise, *unnotaeart*edTtiSrvast extent, the long 11in«ihatnfae4iatetoit«ca>M«wity,aa4 rtte eonseqneaca, tiiat tew persona livelong oncugVtb obtain any, and,'more especially, the Udaest nWrn* for Ixphnditim,even bneitt tin omus* of their liven, are preafs ot the n£o«ati^taU forest management ahoula be omtdncWonWinanentinlntApkn, anfl not he left totne negligeaca, avaSeTor caprice of in. dividual*, and thsrerefe paint -tiTtle State c* the proper sdmbxUtratorf bovnu ia take cue thaV in snpprylng tiie'wants it tin preaent cnention, ti£rehnoreftSaJ waste, no^eeS , ate* faresttlHnc of the snpply of futura gftMn> Ltiont. Thb U niatter^^msrtansn, not £ India only, but In all othe^ebunbies ot the world.". ■'"■■;' -..•...- I We must *t one* ndadt that here ahe the principal causes preventing « present th* planting of toretVtrees on a uslly large male are-!, fhewant of capital tb wait for a re torn, and the nape—lit of incurtlngTaieiawhlle the furrner expense 1* tending unl mtfeeting aay such plantation, a* long as the same capital and labor devotes to grain-growing or sheep taming tarings a taore tdumdMa and a more Mrtam, probably for acme yean even a larger profit. 2. The physical Mroitahflity of oertaw districts, at least at present, for the suoaescM growth of foreat trees, uolosaata great risk aad too great cost. : Butittwe neglect Ola matter much longer 'the question of reprousstion of rorostaTmay Save to be taken ins undor nek mdverca eiream a*?eces, wren tiw mere favorable districts, at to>ama"ill oar attempt* by either private ec4*tpri^ot«teOovernment, <or at least at a rulii*m aranaan a^afbtenednaiensdo fully appreciate their duty to posterity, and will Troviae with kean foresioaga* what cannotbaoalledforUt at any time at will. | I oanJbSrJMteeirtlbJB? proposal of oax | Sorrevor-OeMral (Mr. Goyder) to at firrt «etaMish in Tariou parts at tka oolony, on liMMi HUBTvea, nmntrw toren tno. Irnap?oMvaof Oak MasV *« ttto plant* tioas by the Government, they wiU give gre?t enooaragement to fdvato pkotetiaam. Seeds or eeeollngt mi^it be nppUed either gmtb, if phatea bj patatk bodies. or«*««ne>p nte, asdtha jwwgatanta would be is lan daagar, as 100 in?as from AdeUiae4rss*owme. Do[qr<_ KpwfiThTi, 4Btcnitf qmq the cxilriaot ctZSOMtine iheae nunerioTEere, itatrk to ace ia^a* nwr op«catioo« nave been ewit4«fvfor lnataaee,4s. Itadnt, But India, Where the seasad^r for a fotarn rapplj oftlmberfcaalantogwrteiertioni. There not by tne offiriUHng Ooaa?mtor of Forarta , jlUjor Beddome) for the year 1869-70 oontaina i n folio pagea of naall print, and ahowa the oeat intereat taken by the Government in tewby, the energr of tb? offlotal atafl. the yeat aneMM with which many experimental ■tantajfciafla hare bean iwatW. and urn naaaona jar falhirt in otter Imftinnna. The report 4aa3i wtth aevenl fhonaaad aouare mUea of factaia?uder MOMrvanoy, alaDwttfa)l7 muaerlea aajplwtetfasaof fnom 60t06D0 aoraa eaoh, andmatleaat aa many more plaaea oparaUnna ware began and pUatatinai nrwtninplatarl. In many plaaea the operations were tentative, Utended «a experinutata. and for the instruc tion of tiie sabordhiaiea of the department. The foUovinc items in thil report appeared to me of particular interest, as either referring to Australian trees, or to the mode of sowing or plsntfng ladepted i—GoSoor Plantation U 60 acres in extent, surrounded by a bank topped with an aloe fenoa. The trees axe generally watered only for one year after transplantation. They are mostly planted out in pits; others MWnte4HMhesatl6feetapaxt. Atneknown in Hexioo astheOenisaro(Pttf<caU«6tu? Samoa,) hadbMnrsodvedframDr. ThwaUei,Oiractorof the Botanical Gardens in Oevlon, and wss ■caised as of rapid growth. U this tree is a nativW nfarioVand not like others of its genus of Brazil, tt might be edvisihle to iatro dneenere for ths above reason. At Travallan Kunary 358 acres had been planted with 52,310 ~—^i. v rtssnak. at distances 12 x 12, or 15x15. They had to be shaded when planted, and wat?iad oeessionslly during the first year, but tMr planting had been found far less pxe. oarjoas than any other en tha plains. In the Putney Hills Plantations most of the gam —efflhur* (euoar/ptna) that were first pnt dawn were killed by the frost. In many otter rliaaj ear gams do well in India, At Tallalmallay plantation for aandalwool various «xperimenti were tried at first, such at growing the seed in nnneriei and transplanting into bamboo poto, baskets So., and eventually in the ground, also growing the seed in bam boo ~poto, and the remit was, that the most auo eessf oi plan was to plant the aeed in pits where the tree was to stand, water well, and never transplant. Shade being very necessary to young plants, experiments were made with dif ferent sorts of shade; ootton was tried, but abandoned, and new the weds of the Chili plant an sown round the seedling sandal for a shade, at the leaves of this plant remain always green, and the roots art not large. At Farapa 70,471 teak (Lngentroenia) were planted on 30 acres, and these trees attained in six yean a height of 20 feet, and more than 7 inches in girth. At Gooty the plantation is 401 aorat and 3 mods. The soil b a stiff black day, with an admixture of sand, salt, and lime, on whioh aoanely anything appears to thrive. Daring the early rains of June 83 aores were sown broadcast with acacia, arabica, and speolota seeds, which have grown successfully, although in other place* generally failing if so sown. Of other trees transplanted, it would not be a wide remark, that with the number of substituted plants in the place of those which failed, the whole land could have been planted oooe again, dowing in tranche* has there been found to be the most suitable and simple mode of planting. The expense of these nurseries and planta tion* is, even with the low rate of wages in India, very considerable, yet the raooMt of the plantations as an ultimate source of revenue to the State becomes more and more oorUin every year, since even failure one year with one kind of tree leads to the adoption of another mode of ■owing or planting, or the substitution of other trees more likely to suooeed the next year. Hnrseries In India or here are not likely to pro dtoe any considerable revenue, although snoh I* the ease with forest nutserle* in Europe, t find that the average coit of keeping the Koyat nursery for forest trees at Kiel, in Holstrin, consisting ot only six acrei, was about 400 dollars * year, and the income from aside, at a very low figure, about 700 dollars. If we can manage to keep snch nurseries, after a fewyean, without a pecuniary loss, I dare say nobody will complain in view of the advantages whioh we shall derive In already. The salaries of the Conservator of Forests and of the men constantly •mployed at the forest reserves, will be siterwards the chief expenditure, and nearly all the work can tie done by oomtnon laboring men, or even boy*. In tiie detail* I cannot agree with Mr. Goyder's estimate of the first year's expense, bat our Jam total is nearly the same. Mr. Goyder waits all reference to a matter which is an absolute neoassity In most pUeei—the sinking of wells for watering, or the forming of large reservoir* of rain water. My estimate of the first year's expense for each nursery will be £1,630, Irrespective of salaries and wages, via.:— rwo hones and out £80 Cottages and sheds 500 Implement* 50 Seed G1 Hay and fodder, and sowing of tame for next year 60 Pots and boxes: ... 300 Fencing 250 Well* and tanks 250 £1.5 ? Wages and contingencies 670 £2 200 Tail doe* not iuslnde th) Bilary for the Con servator of Forests, whioh ought to be not leas than £400 a year; and if we intend to keep three forest nurseries and establishment* for planting, also a travelling party, who may attend to the travelling reserves about to be panted, a sum of £3,0J0 may be requires alter the first year, and a sum total of £9.000 (or the first year. I believe it U too uncertain to oaloolata the direct profit* wMofc stay ba received by tho Government or Forest Board as a return for rash outlay. Mr. T. Oaleatt, of New Zaaland, says in a memorandum as to the east «f plant ing and managing forest trae&— "I have little or no hesitation in beUeving that £10,009 ex. pended properly In planting trees would, within 30 years, result in their having a market value oT half a million starting." Witt a few fA vorable aoaaoae at tnooamiawmnwinent. the direct | profits arising after the first eight or ten yean ooght to be suffirient to pay nut only current expenses, hut at least interest on former outlay, andafter the timber arrives at maturity, lie whale of the principal sunk will doubtless ?c as well obtained, and as moch more, as to •liable the State to constantly undertake opera tions on a largsr scale, with men, who have betome experienced in the work, at a greatly reduced coat, and with far greater certainty as to results. Ton will undoubtedly agree with Pope's lines— "First fallow nature, and your judgment frame By her just standard, which remains the same. Unerring" • • • • • And only extend operations In the same ratio* a* yon have colleoted much needed experience in arboriculture. It way be that in some of oar reserves tittle more Is requiieJ to en sard the aura sad quick- growth of young saplings than to keep oattle out and to sow during tits early rains seme seeds on the surfaoa. It Is more likely, and probably safer, to ploagh and harrow the land either for sowing broadcast, or, bettor still, in weU prepared •trip* in rows. It may be advisable to plant some kmds of treat la pits ifter raising them in nursery beds or pots, and to ■serially pre pare the aoB in these pits fey addbtgii?heVor compost, or tooover the nrfaoe by an inoh of sand, ashes, chaff, or sawdust. In dry locali ties it may a* •Mttrahio to have the tree planted in a hate a fair laches deeper {than the surrounding soil, and not to All the whole «f tab eaU Into the pit hack again. In ■■rape forestry has in the course of MBttiia become an art; bnt the difference in sUaate U many of th* hinds of teea to be ralssd fa auoh, that experienced tamed in Barof?*an only assist as in arriving at rational ooMluabu, by which we mutt be guided. Kven^kSertaAustralUoi* forester* will have to foOow different rules in north and sooth. Much of the land In the Soutk-Kait may be too sold and wet for a great many trees, bat by raising strips of the {and, 8 foot wide, by the sod of other 8 feet, saooesmful planta. boas can curdy be maie. Die dry noil of the North iweaires, again, the greatest can as to abiding, and watering from creeks, reservoirs, or walk, daring the fiat season. In the report for 1674 on the Daadanmg Forest, the Secretary for Agriculture in Vic toria say*:—'"The renewal of the wwwnmftd trees fey tkewaasl -of feature a**** to be sure, under certain1 oendttkma. Urn gnat flre of 1851 cleared large are** of every kind of vege tation. Ant are now coveted with.-* tWck growth of fine young tree* from 80 to MM feet high. The only fault that oanbe found with nature's handiwork in this ease Is the fact of the young trees growing muoh too thickly to render it probable that, without thinning, track such aa preceded ttttmwffl tie produced. Very diffarent to this exubotaut growth is the appsaranoa of those parti of die forest thinned by the hand of man. Hero seedling* do not, as a rub, take the place of the felled trace, but thefetaat in tires* places la tett open, with an oppaawMtoa of haretuus. It is anon places a* these that cngjost the expediency of assisting nature's dforta to renew the original tree-gwth or to attempt improve ois^ttetsfMt productionHbTtte iraQtu. trees. There are eeveraleaotointnia forest Chat require atteo ■tipn, and some that offer special faeUities for «ta«xperisaaa«al raising ot trees of other than the prevailing aaaole*.file best ■paries of euca lyptus, wfateffee suited to elevated volcanic regions,**, for laatanea, the Tasmanlan blue cam. Sspenae would be necessarily incurred Kdie fine instance. In busing off the vegeta- Aten now oovming these apeta, and in afterwards preventing its growth, so as to keep any aeet aenUlnrewHUn bound*. ttwoudbn sufficient, beyond this, merely to cow the oeed on tho aarned surface. Other places on the lower ranges, covered with rough grass, are not so likely to suffer from fire. The soil is poor, compared with the higher ranges, and hi more or less atony, and the {existing tract few and' Tar between. No other spots in the forest seem, at first •ght, so wall adapted for a trial plan tation of some specie* of eanifeH?, if deemed advisable to attempt to ornate a looal supply of aneceft weeds sow so extensively imported." i It wtHteqntre assay years'experience before , weoaaatoartaln tnomsnt pmwtsble treas for . different localities, or before wo can point to ) trees whioh are safe to plant as a Barrow belt 1 or breckwind, In tho anatter of which after, i wasds th* maze desirable timber can be grows. ; And bare I wmtakethe opportunity of inaicing f areourtinreplytoavaryiaasmetaotio?held by? great many persons. The woodofoaeand the same kind of tree la not always of the use value. Snitahle ec ue—itaMa position haa can atdsnblaiiiaaeaoeoo thevalneof the timber, and there ia genenllv a great superiority in ttanbar grown artificially to that growing wild. Bat artificial planting la not only pmfenMe bom the greater absence of knota and other faults, H v even snore enduraVls; bat the quantity which may be grown per acre ii very much larger. In artificial pkaUttoos yoa hope andean fairly expert to tun every tree Into prepared stuff, not ono-ntnoteenth only, as is, for Instaniw, the oaae with the natural forests in Hew Z island. Fensts sown bread east an also almast in ewers-osse Ufsrioi to those where the twos stand in rows m regardf the qumtity of nsefnl tiaber, although in other raspeots orery rare and attention nay be nail to both alike, I can show most remark able oomparasfaa'taMea ralsHng thereto, which eoneluively prow quicker growth and larger number of trass open the same area and soiL Another natter, howavaz, oonneoted wiU the value of timber, Is at ttOl cneter importance, namely, the solostion of the proper moo for ratting tha tows, end not to oat them all the yew tonal, as has bean the ens- torn in South Awtmltt. I praam we moit eelact the doss of the summer sea •us, .Md Wn nj hetn raise htn atwln alronlatoi«*es?v man fceefeM the best sea ■oa. £ found posts and rails «jrt in the «pri?g sooner decay, and ao will pottp, If put into the ground quite green. We shall bear far less said against our colonial timber if we took the trouble to cat at the right time, and to season it at as much trouble aa other parsons take with imported timber. If this is not well seasoned, it will shrink quite as much. Only if efficient means are adopted to extract the sap from sawn timber, either by steaming it or by im pregnating it with salt or some mineral oil, that will preierve it, it oan be out at any time. No person wbo had any practical exporienoe in the construction of public works, or who fa constantly working in timber, will undervalue the importaaee of cutting timber at the proper season. It is well known how difficult it is to sell the otherwise full-grown trees which a hurricane sometimes uproots at any other time than the proper season for felling them. The sap being up. they are oonslderod almost value less, except for immediate consumption as fire wood, and only with the assistance of chemical comi.-ounds and at considerable expense can suoh timber be made useful for other purposes. Tho formerly perhaps despised aad little-valued native timber-trees of AustraUa.and those be longing principally to the genus Kuoalyptus, are extensively planted in many countries (so lately near St. Louis), which find themselves in a similar position to our own, that State Forests must be established without delay. Garibaldi's soheme also to regulate the banks of the Tiber, and to drain the swamps or Pontini seems intimately oonneoted with a very large plantation to be made of bluegums, pro bably theTttimtniuiblaagomi. And ao wonder. If we the qualities of many kinds of gum trees, their quick, growth, thegreat durability in aotna, flexibilicy and strength in others, and their decided inflaenoe in purifying the air from malaria, we also ought to make them the first trees which we attempt to plant in great numbers. With them we may be pretty sate of suooess. The teed fa cheap, easy to col leot, and—a matter of importance—fresh. As soon as we deoide on planting other trees, especially different kinds of Pinnr, we will do far better to collect what fresh seeds are obtain able in the colony or in the neighboring colo nies, even at a muoh higher price. Imparted seeds an toe often dear at any p.iee; we lose a year and our labor to save a few pounds. We may succeed in raising these and other trees in places where nobody expected it previously. Onr first aim must therefore be shelter planta tions, consisting perhaps of Robinla pstulo anania. Answfa lophanta, onr native black wattia, toe tooaoeo toe, or Oallitris or native pine, or shrubs answering the pu-pWr It miy be well to excavate a ditch 2 feet 6 inches deep, 4 feet wide at the top, and 2 feet wide at bottom, and to form, by means of the earth thrown oat, a bank of similar dlmenaiona. In some positions shrubs might be grown on the top of this, in others it may be only possible to gain further protection against wind and cattle by an upright f eno* of atakes or stronger timber firmly driven or dug into the embank ment, and held together by means of hoopiron bands, to which ths stakes are nailed. Several kinds of poplar besides the common, aa Populns alba and tremula, also the American ash and Puns alba, are well known In Germany as trees, waich grow in the most open and exposed locali ties. They defy there the catting north-westerly that they or other trees may gtaw near to the sea or where for 109 or more miles no trees at present exist. Bventually they m«y enable us to plant such trees in their shelter whiah are preferable to them. I am, however, qai'e unable to advise aa to forest-planting from any experience gained in South Australia, and I fear but little experienoe fa available from other parsons in the colony. I am therefore obliged to leave this subject, and refer to some other subjects eoanaeted with the conservancy of our native forest*, and which are of sufficient importance to be men tioned in such a paper as I have prepared. I heard at different times that the from trees died without any apparent cause in many parts of the colony, and especially in the South-Kait. I observed once, many yean ago, that oar blue gums died suddenly over an area of perhaps 16 or 20 acres in the Bugle Bauges, in the midst of a well woeded district. I«st summer, how ever, my attention was called to the following alarming fact:—On a very large tract of tim bered country in the Hundred of Btrathalbyn, said to be about 15 or 20. square miles in extent, not a blnegum remained alira. All other gums, white, yellow, or red, were luxuriant, while the bluegums, from the largeit tree to the smallest sapling, were dry, and the I bark already cracked, ready to fall down this 1 winter. It was remarkable and perplexing to < observe the exactly straight bouiuUry-line on ? pne of the outskirts of this tract of land whioh ' I visited. Within a few yards all bloeeumst were dead, and outside the line they were as vigorous as ever. My time being too short, I could not examine the trees properly to ascer tain anything further; but suoh au f«™"iin tion ought yet to be made. As all events, in explicable as a fa to me, X thought it right to maation H, so tflat one or other of the hearers or readers may venture an explanation, or the enigma may be solved by comparing the obser vations of a number of persons at different localities and times, aad perhaps as regards different sands of trees. Another matter of the greatest importance as regards forest eonser vaaoy and timber supply fa the issuing of timber licences. In the report of our surveyor-Geoenl (Mr. Goydei) he advises to fat the present system of granting licenses for cutting timber remain intact, except in fenced rosorvos. This seems to me a more than questionable policy. I am sure he did not give suoh advice with the view of obtaining the paltry cum raised by suoh tfaenoes for our Treasury. He must have thought of the necessities or conve nience of our rural population. I admit that timber fa needed, a&d; the convenience of our farmen should ba consulted; but I venture to say in a different manner. No forest oan stand the present fasne of licences -theremustbearestric uonand supervision from the forest depart ment. The total amount received by the Grown Lands Lvpartment during the year 1674 for Umber and hark Hoopoes auo liceooss to carters to remove the timber wtf only £1,305. Thfafa noeotapentatiou to the State for the eaomout injury done to our forests. To fell anumbor of «mm, perhaps the growth of ages, sad lean them because they do not split quite so easy and free as was expected of them, to cut them 3 -feet from the ground, to take perhaps marelv one length of rails or posts aad letthe rest of the trunk together with all the branohe* be con sumed by the next bushfire. or to out numberless young saplings forroils ami posts wafah yiUfaat TB a matter of course only a fewyears, while the forest n?yooutain plenty of trees of mature age whioh might give realb- lasting rails or postsTfa a watte of the property of the aatioa,asaorUege.- I do not object to give all aeUlen an ample supply usMlerswopsrreguUtiM?a&dat; a roason "£*. ™^i* b?* l ?^ to the present state of affairs whereby valuable trass are out down In discrimlnately to save a little trouble or delay. On this matter I give a short extract from the above report on Viototun Fonass:—"Tisaber trees would be economically stilised if the men were forced to pay for cash tree they felled. There would then be come ehtck upoa the oner •tout waste aad th« UM^rt^ ntt^ a^^^ of the largest timber-trees in Victoria—which tress, once out will naturally require een urles to replace—and the oalash tadttteesee to the •rants of future generations dirplayeu by tun bercutton would nat be exhibited as at pre sent." Another extract fa tskea from a'renaSt of Mr. J. Innea, ltanedia, totho Oonindsstoner of the Waste Land Board, New zVaWT-T[t fa of the utmost importance To the community .to have the exiftug fcfesfaproteesadfeuni^he reckless extravagance which fa so prevaleat in thU prervino?. II prompt measures benoTuken, •U the sound timber wf?, in the course ofatew years, be entirely destroyed, aad the ooase quenoe wfll be a sudden rfae in the price of that material. The pablio are -i-asttoi into the' ousts of the oountry simply by paying a small ios?oe-fee. While thu fa the oue no regulations however rigorous, aad ao staff of -fflirtnh. how ever numerous -and zaalous, cia oontrol the wasteful destruction. Young trees as well as matured ones are out too, aad In many instances three feet from the root. Timber that -rriH be profitably used in the construction of a nil* way bridge or the moat refined piece ol arahl tsoture is cut down for'fuel or acme temporary construction, a method must be aaoptot whereby tiie person who falls timber will (have *n interest in using it economically and the auhlio be supplied through a leas extravagant ■wctem." He suggests—lst, that the paMto 1m axelnded from she Crown forests; 2nd, that the demand for timber be supplied by selling at auction annually or at any other time that might frn dsnmor expedient or necessary, suoh quantities of growing timber as the state of the market might require for local or outside consumption. Thaw suggestions seem rational. We ought to be guided by the principle *l>?t we should ao more than absolutely neoaasary curtail the use fulness of our forests to onr farmen aad the colonists generally. 4mt at the same time pre vent un?ecessary watte. No farmer will ever consider the interests of posterity or any climatic consideration, howeVer important, of any moment compared with his present conve nience—that of obtaining posts aad rails, or timber for building purposes or firewood, and a person who splits for sale still less so. Such considerations must come bom the Govern ment, or from the Forest Department as soau as we have it. It fa quite true that even oa their own bad farmen destroy frequently too muoh valuable timber, as being Impediments to the plough or reaping "?"*lnr. as ni|iu—ml ! iv the Unas of an ?m«.<?.^ poet, Mr. J. B* ' IjOWBH ;;!.'• " ihfrtrea, spared , I know not by what grace—for in the blood ' Of our New World subduen lingers yet Hereditary feud with trees, fbeyhehig (theyand the red man most) our fathers'foes—" I recollect only too well how many thoupaadt, ' ao, '«niHi<?i?. of tons of useful timber wars in former yean destroyed to make room for ibe plough; how night and day fires were fed with the giants of the forest, to leave nothing but a heap of ashes, upon which the grain grew luxaritatly,butganeraUybeeame blighted. In other instances, where the timber trees stood m t3d<M?,tiwy have beau only girdled by ti<e axe and left standing apon eulttv*tod fields, tint whitened tanks beiag a sad spgetkeVfay day, and looking like huge spectres ouamoonlight night. These trees while green represented perhaps a greater value and were mote im portant to the Btate than the produce of all the grain crops which may have been grown on these fields since the settler took posses sion of his lan*. I myself did err 20 amVmore yean ago, before I became better acquainted with other treeless portions of South Australia. A settler who finds himself in the middle of a well-wooded tract of country naturally has no other idea than to get rid of the timber somehow and at the smallest amount of trouble and expensr, and the consideration of the national welfare b with him out of the question. The mischief being done, nsverthe.ess, should act as a warning, and in suoh parts of the colony where it is found desirable to protect the timber either for the necessities of future generations or for climatic advantages, it wfll be important to prevent the ringing of trees by all possible means short of an absolute prohibition. I hope ths farmers of the day do not waste ao much, and if they grub and destroy they wOl find time and also a suitable plaoe on the farm, along the boundary-lines of their holding* or different field>, along watercourses, around wells, reservoir*, and homesteads, and iv their permanent grating paddocks when) they will plant again. 0 they have no other etample nearer their home, let them look at the planta tions of native and other trees on the Adelaide aad Park Lands, how well they grow. It has been suggested that the planting of a certain number of forest trees should be made one of the conditions to be insetted in all agree ments of the aeleessra of land on credit, and that no Grown grant should be given to any peison who has not planted and properly tended suoh a number of trees on his selection. Suoh a condition, if carried out—and I am inclined to think it can 5? •« wall reported upon by Mr. Bonney and bis subordinates as ut?n other improvementi - would he of incalculable value to the whole colony, and especially to the farmer himself or his family in after years. Still we ought to hesitate. Intending settlers may ace in thb another objection to our land law. It may dfter them from selecting land where special difficulties for the raising of bees are to be expected, and thus drive further numbers across the Border. It may. therefore, be far better to give even a greater bonus than that offered by the Forest Tres-Planting encourage ment Act of 1672 to those who will plant trees after the heavy wjik on the new farm fa behind them. If at aay time the legislature should decide that only perpetual leases shall be granted, and not the fee-ahnple, the former sug gestion would probably be of easier attainment. But the time until the fee vi be purchased v rather short. You cannot in fairness aak the selector to plant any considerable Dumber of trees before he has a eousiderabla part of bis selection under tee plough, nor until a few good harvests make him somewhat independent as regards time and money. The only way whioh appears to me safe and fair under the present law is the following —that selectors claiming an extension of tine beyoadthenve or six years far paying their ! parohase-money mirfht be compelled to accept the pUating of anunber of trees as a further oandition imposed on them. We shall not bee them on account of such a condition, for they did already settle, and they have had time enough during the previous yean to get their farm in order, ao as to be able to spare a little time for the carrying out of such a condition. And the number of selectors who will claim suoh extension of time iv after yean may be vary considerable. Tills condition will also giv<9 the State somewhat of a quid pro quo if the seleotor does merely intend to crop the aoil for ten yean, and to leave an exhausted soil without making it his permanent home. If a Government nursery be near or extensive State plantations, I believe farmen will aoon ace the importance of such plantations, aad apply for established seedlings. I knew that in some Con tinental States it Is even a question how far pri vate landholders can be allowed to destroy the timber upon their Und, wherebi they "?J seriously affect climatic infioeneer, on whioh agriculture may depend. In -finneveUy, Madras, for instaop, the small irlitiriasas already made for coffee plantations have caused some small atreams, previously known a« perennial ones, to become perfectly dry at «ome seasons and rushing torrents at otters. Aad for a number of similar cases I refer to ibe remarkable speech made in 1874 by the Premier of New Zealand, the doe. J. Voget, especially to his extracts from Dr. Lindley'a loading article in the Gardener* Chronicle, whioh quotes numerous instances of humid Jn«^ifr?? .having become arid in France, North *■"■?<tn. and even Britain. A meeting of the Geo graphical Society was held at Vienna on the 22ud of January, 1675, at whiah Mr. Hofnth Wex read a ieo.ure about " The deoNaae of the water in rivan aod< springs." Urn and others had made ohsw iaUu— as to the decrease of the height of the water, and had found since BO years a decrease in the Hirers Blbe and Oder of 17 inches, in the Shine of ]24 inches, in the Vistula of 26 inches, in the Danube, atOrsova, of 55 inches. Aad this decrease In the depth of the riven does corre spond with the decrease in the quantity of water in these riven. These obMrvations are corroborated by the constaatiy-deoraasiag num ber of springs during the last 100 years. The lecturer is afraid, if tt continues as heretofore, that the larger Herman riven will become un uavigable, the smaller dry, industrial punuits, **, will be in danger, future generations caanot rely upon a sufficient supply of water, and this within a tim* not vary ir—nhi The causes ha giv«n by the lecturer, are destruction of foretts, and as a consequence the' far fast quantity of rainwater or sno* whioh fa absorbed by the soil, also the artificial dnuiag of lakes, pskds, fcs. Mr. Hofnth vrexdeM therefore only confirm more fully what was already oonttined in certain resolutions passed in 1873 by tha letarnatiaaal Ooasraas tsftaftd and Forest Culture, heid at Vienna, The resolutions there passed ware to be forwarded *, the various Govammaota (of th* (tobs, and in few words they may be condensed as follows, vis.:— "That international agree ment* am seeded to effotraslly check tfte. eottauUy taertumg devastation oTtoesU. and that the efforts of legislator* be directed to causing exact data to be gathered with a view of obtaining* eaaafaat knowledge of the evils—disturbances in nature — which are orased by the devastation of toreata." History records that many countries describe J as covered with imman-a forest are new an almost hnnslsssdsssrt. SothaiatsrUrolapahi, which now only fa little better thaaa bare heath; plaoe of her former beautiful oaks and beeches only poor scrub, and where formerly cattle were feeding, the goat alone kan find bar food; or whore previously kinds of forest trees bearing leaves) solely oosuptod the ground the most miserable specimens vf nines eke out their stunted growth. The deforesta tion on the souroes of the Khone and Saone in France led to the two well-known sudden .inundations during the last 60 years. Aad the olimate of Iceland—formerly well wooded—has deteriorated in the most marked degree, Through the centre of Sohleswig-Holstein and Zdtiaad fa the sba now only overgrown with heather, here and there intermixed with low bashes of oak eovsriag many eauare miles; and yet from that part of Holstah the magnificent timber was exported, upon whioh the large otty of Amsterdam to erected; aadetWyearragothe eauntry town of Juvenstedt was attested In a forest of oaks, aad the church erected from thiskmdoftfaabsr. ausadsosally I wish to make heraafctw r—wills alumtour mtrtlaecountry, as laml?aUaadtocompareitwititthe low scrubs of oaks in Sahfaswlg-Mofatein^aad to expressmy • opttilns) that mslloo else fa only the remnant of a, i istately gumtree destroyed by extensive fins, and that thereafter the duration of draughs Innwssad so materially as to preclude the paati. < bility of m n-estaUiahiaent toy nature of the an plant forests in these extensive tracts ol country. isyawnacquaiata?eewith the mallei aarab.however,Uimparfeot;but Victoria having! in its north-easterc ocraor fully 270 anWot ' malice, while our longbetts. of malice along both sides of the Muiray and the scrubs between the Great Australian Bight«nd the Overland Tele graph line cover such aa '—*?"w? ana it fa of oourae net manly a matter of curiosity,ubut of the greatest importance to obtain foil informa tion whether this vast area at any former period was dosed with timber trees. Veiy large stumps have been found frequently inUoUteu, andthereUhasbesnfoundquitepossible to re establish forests by careful forestry. If persons who oultivate land in the Murray or other ex tensive scrubs find largo stumps under the surface whiohappearto be these of trees, not of mallee, I hope they will soaks tt knows; and also whether they will dissent from my herein expressed opinion. la oUsw rations made by Alfred Balway, aad prsssutri by hhm to a report; on toe -Geologioar tfcrrvey of Oanada -fa* the year 18734, the fallowing passages occur, page 58 :—" The drying-up. of the country already alluded to has been ascribed to various causes, but it fa generally supposed to be a~?nft«i> -with the gradual destruction of tike forests over large areas by fire, c the rainfall. Whatever the effect may be of these destructive conflagrations la reference to the water supply of tb* region, there is no doubt that at different times almost every square mile of the country between Bed Blur aad the Kooky at~~*..-~. has been subjected to them, and that hundreds of miles of forest trees have thus been converted into wide aadalmosttresUss expaases of prairie. After leaving the valfay of the Aasjsahoina, the oeoond aad third prairie steppes may be said to be cmtiraly denaued of good timber. For a total distance of 400 miles neither oak, ash, elm. birch, pine, or apruoe trees were seen, aad even the poplan are of small aise, and catted for little else than firewood." We are aware that vary destructive fires have also taken place not long ago in the United States—fires which seem to have swept over enormous baits of land covered w.tn forests. In Austria it fa now impassible, upon a large tractaf land L7OO to 2,060 iset above thr sea, to grow oawals. The forests which formerly protects! the fend have been cut down aad the soil has beooise too dry—parahsd and sterile through eipowno to ths cutting winds. The inhabitants pf the island of Mauritius are now obliged to turn their most serious attention to tree: planting, aad it fa to be hoped that tiwy may warned ? «ui*k!y arresting ths evil «ff«ot? othiph the destruction- of t£e aatuni forefU fcsd upon their climate, and the growth of the staple pro* duee of that island. Wtth ao many examples before us of ft deterioration of the climate and aotl a* a consequence of the unreasonable d*■ traction of forest*, it It almost at easy to prove the amelioration of climate and aoil aln?o?t desti tute of trees after suooessfol pbatiiig of forest*. In Lower Bgypt and la Algeria the extensive planting of trees by many millions has had a moat marked effect upon the yearly rainfall. From the report of the Department of Agrioul tare for the United States I take the foU«w -ing: —"ln many parts of the country foreit planting, in the opinion of many observers, ii changing the climate and capabilities of the plain* beyond the Missouri. Twenty yean ago the plaini were nearly deiUtmte of trees, and vegetation wat parched and aoanty; but it ii now claimed that in hum localities—where farms bare been taken op, village! built, and trees planted—they an clothed with Terdure; and river beds which were then diy are now oorered with eonttaatly running water. A part of the Oity of Denver was built on one of these ancient river-beds, where It was sop posed that water would never flow again; but there b aew a constantly running stream, so large that it has been found nesessary to bridge it Great Salt Lake is said to be seven feet higher than it was ten years ago. and is con stanUy rising. The reappearance of the spring on the Island of Ascension, wbioh had dried up after the trees had been failed, is another ii ■tano? of the influence of the planting of trees on springs. The town built near the Lake of Valeatia, In Venezuela, found itself 200 years later fuUy two miles farther from the water* edge, and Yon Uumbsldt ▼biting the town ascribed the gradual diminu tion of the water to the extensive clearings of the forests. Twentjr.five years later the waters of the lake had gradually risen again, agri cultural operations having almost ceased, and the fowst pgiinnrt pnsmsauinof iheaoU. What ever may be the direct effect of treej on (ke rain fall, there U no doubt that tile actual tempera ture of the country becomes considerably higher by the destruction of iv forests. Trees attract •n^'nre and retain it. their root, retard too rapid drainage, their presence benefits springs, chair shade cheeks evaporation, and we shall have heavier dew in the Beirhborhood of forests. Bit George StrioUaud Kingston says, in his valuable "Notes on the Batnfal! of Ade laide, Melbourne, and Sydney," printed in Par- Itameatary Paper No. 10, of 1676:-"Duriog the first four months of the year want of moisture in the atmosphere, anoompanied by intense heat, putting a atop to vegetation, and baking the surface of the ground, has a some what similar effect, iv so far as agricultural pursuits are concerned, to that preduoed by the wet and frosts of the winters of KnglanX The benefit of the rainfall depends notaomuoh on the quantity during a given month as oa the rapidity or otherwise of Us fall, as well as the seaum of the year." After stating that dailng the first four mouths of the yaw nothing under an inch of rain at one fall is of much value to renew the exhausted energy of vegetation, £" I 6""*1 **** *"?? *?c end of April to September the quantity of rain during the twenty-four horns fa of little importance, as compared with the frequency oVits o* •urmnee, keeping the ground moist, and pro vided that ths avenge of the monthly falls are fairly kept up, the ferouad fa more benefited by the ooourrenoe of smmerous winy days than by a gnat fall in any one day. As an instance he menUonstte year 18W. when taetaiaMTwas mnoh betas- the averagp, yet the harvest was in SSS" ?\£ c V 6™ **** «* *• *w y?w 1856 to 1858. in which the rainfall was eon nderably above the average. Butthe rains were gentle, continuing for several hours, soaking Into the ground; and being followed by many days of cloudy weather, liltie or ao evaporation took place, and the crops derived taTfaUest possible benefit from the limited quantity of rain," This Is onqacstionably true, and I be litre that tres plantations will add to the aam bar of 'bowery dsnial.«a general humility "I S ejs! m*! B' **" toamm-uSpmmt climate •fat. Oroixisaease in point. As long as trees war* everywhen abundant on lafa islsnd rains wtreprofwaadfrequeut. Tweaty-five years later eoe-thlrd of the island hadbesome an u£ M£?'*_* tth 1 £ MI «•*■•«•-■ of the trees the short Copious khoWezs which frequently ooanned in former times had ceased, and the process of destination gradually advanced. The sugarcanesfailsd, and dssolatira came ■lowly but irresistibly. Before I eeme to my dosing remarks I wish to say a few wordTof well the Australia OoUmtb. who have tried to advance our knowledge of forest oontarvaaoy and matters ooauaotedthMewith. Foremost I must name Baron, yon MuUer, the Govemtsant Bota nist of Victoria, who.aoUr as I know, has acted as pioneer in thb respect; and next to him Or. Hector, of Vow Zwlaui, and our Dr. Bottom purgk and Mr. Goyder, who have either by lectures or reports, or lists —-?«-?g the principal timber trees which may be aultable in the respective oolonka, duhe moth io arouse pubao attention. Xhe interest now evinced by the LegUUtocas«« these three mutt tw chiefly ascribed to thelrpAliciserviees. I wish to call yrar speeds! attention to a map prepared by Mr. A. Svorett for the State F<fS rt?of di wlththeasaistanseof Baron yon ajuUer, showing fas dfaVstont color* over the whole province of Victoria the distribution oi j the principal timber bees, and also io two maps' kindly priWad by tfr. Ooyderi older ; oaetol| show our intended, although not yet pro olaimed timber reserves and travelling stock S^?"* *&***&* P*"" I**1 ** «■*•**■ «?der the Forott-trassPiautiog «—•"•-im-mmr Act of 1872. 6 ?« fS^JaumCTr of papers whlchhave lateb>en|aU faefsfefsdbaWtto I ths provlnoes VutorU, ItewZislatia^rfSoutbJ Australia, you wfflaafftstttlaMieraotf** basj come. With such ata amount of valuable preparatory warfc ut(JmUfebil .to tse various leotureu and Paruamentarv Pamra. it may be aafely p^tSS tfcsYs&iggSi; machinery we ought to have-a fair start and we wffleveataallyaaaoaad. 1 hare dwelt pohaps rather long on the importance of obtaining lor the settled portions of South Australia a due proportion of woodXs^toovope?acruultural «d gratia*; land*; abe on" (he neoattity of a •apply of timber uA of ftNVoad for ow Indus, trial pursulta and households: asd I have alluded osdy ounsffly to some of the iadirect advantscas whiah a country with a oUmale Hke South Australia most certainly will derive from more extensive forests. With their in ereaw the number of birds will increase, whioh may delight us with their melodies, and they will aid us in the destruction of many Insects The bee- keeper wfU be more oartatn of his crop of honey, and our eyes will rest wtthpleuure on the improved aapiet of the landaoape^ich fa mw, especially on our wide northern plains, extremely momtaiums. Surely you valua also of Buropeaa forosta und the pleasure you do rived irhileraandngtiir<iugh them. Byron, in " OhUde Harold's «igrimage,"*ays: — 01. "All tilings we lure of him, from the bUok VUA are bis shade on Ugh, and the load tour Of torrents, where he Urteneth to the vines Which slope hisgreen path downward to the •bore; Where the bowM waters meet him and adore, Kilting Us feet frith mormon; sad the wood, The wnrt«( old trees, with trunks all boar, Bat light leaves, young ai joy, stand where i. stood, .' Offering to him and Us a populous solitude. on. A popalaui solitude of beei and birds, And fairy-formed and ssany-color'd thmgr, Who worship him with notes more sweet than' words, \- Axd innooently open their' glad wings. Fearless and Ml «rf life: «he «u*h of spring* And fall of lofty fountain*, and the bend Of stirring bnuoher, and the bud which brings The swlfUsS (bought of beauty, here extend, HiagUng^ and made by Love, unto one mighty We ought not merely to bear ia mind the words " Woodman, spate that tree," and to preserve our present native forest*, we want also plantations, lbs answer to those who aik ' whew we will take the money lor it Is ato simple enough. The present yearly income from oar taeasteJitanahay not large, hot what hat beaome of the large aggregate aom reoslved by our Treasury la yuan gone byf During tte last U yeamno law a sum than £38,494175. has been reoetvea for ember and tark lioanoesaiid Uaaneastoeart tinker. FrevtouslytheHosnoefee was to all mm £5, bow monthly Heenees are toned at Us., and I venture to s?y Oat .fully £40,000 was neelnd sinoe the foundation of the oolony, bNspesUve of the not in~n?y«. nib amount wUeh Oistrist OounoQs Lara ooUeeted, and whuh may sweU the total sum thus derived from our native forests to £50,000. Sinoe writing this I have Motived a retnrnfcom theSnrveyoT-Oeneral showing that the amount is even more than I have calculated. laooeptasoerMOt, what I read elsewhere, that { the present generation has merely a life estate la the forests of a country, and I ol&lm;, therefore, as a, right for those who oome after us, at hast i> young pkntations. a fuU eouirdant for aU the forests already. destroyed." Can rash a demand be resisted} Oso any vaUd arguments he Imraght forward to show that our ohfldren and grandchildren should not have timber as oheap and as plan ttfol! Old colonists, farmers as well as graziers, know -to their east that we have had long droughts; they cannot wish their recurrence. They themselves, however, have now in their oands the future of 8o«ta Australia. They may also decide the future climate of South Aus> culls and I will prove this by some further exaaots, Man, feeble as he is, want* only time -and proper oombiiatloa ti produce "theraort niarked ohanges, not only in the olimate of the country he inhabits, but on places far distant from his abode. If this be foand to be really the ewe. tb«n forests deserve to become an abject of oaiefol CTamination. not only in a finmnlil, but a'toin a po.itioo-eoonomioal point of view." At all events, we may prtyent floods, obtain per manent water, and our crops ana fruit trees will refeive the much needed shelter from boar, treats, while b blossom, and from the snnrching efiVeta of onr north winds. The soil«{ Sooth AAftratU is certainly generally very good In the settled portion, and if we can be sure of about as huge a rainfall as in Viotoria, the average of our grain crops will be aa good, if not better, and the number of cattle and sheep which can be kept will inereaie in the same ratio. In many parts of South Australia, perhaps by far tie largest part of it, the absence of uisfiil timber is one of the principal impediments to settle men! A Mr. Thompson once asid that in aome plains the wind was at times so strong that the sheep had to hold on by the tussocks, "Nothing is more calculated to add to the wealth of thisoomn. try than the growth of forest treee; thii iimy firm conviction. Foryeantooomewamaynotbe able to materially alter the hygrometrioal cosdU tion of our atmosphere, or to limss the force of our briokfieldeis, or to increase the number of permanent sj r xjgs, but we ought to eommenee without farther delay a series of experimental plantations of forest trees preparatory to a moat determined attempt, not only to avert the calamity of a future want of timber, but to make it possible for South Australia ts beaonn the home of mim^i. of a happy, healthy, wealthy, and industrious population, Mr. Mabsh ttii attributed the mortslity among the trees In the Strathalbyn District, whleh had been alluded to by air. «vi«ii.«ig l to a tnetallie lode whioh ran under <*"t particular belt of trees. Mr. a PaviHPO?Tsald thatenggeetion might have a local appUoation, but it did not explain the general mortality which Lad dome orer the natural forests of this ooantry, Victoria, and Tasmania. He alluded to the deathi of tree* in the South Katteru and other districts, and expressed a regret that some aelenUns person hsd not been engaged to investigate the erase, so that some remedy might he adapted. The same phenomena had been noticed in other' oonntriet,and he agreed with Dr. Thomaea's theory that It was an effort of an exhausted nature to effeot a change of timber. Mr. B. ettrra said tie had accompanied the Bnrveyor-General when he seleoied the proposed forest reserves, and in the South-Bast had noticed mile upon miie of dead trees, ezoapt in a few localities, where healthy trees were seen ontbetopief the hills. In the Wirrabarra forest, in the North, the trees were being literally slaughtered ; and he saw 60 or W huts ooaupled by splitter*. One part ot that district he considered highly suitable to the growth of the Jarrah. The soil, situation, and latitude were the same as It* habitat in Western 4oa> trails. Xhls tree had takes well in the Port Lincoln dutriot,*>and some planted there had made Bto 9 toshes of wood in two yeatsu He thought it waa hardly fair to diaeuii each a long paper at that time, and that another meeting should be oalled for that purpose. Mr. Joachim thought the mortality amongst the trees was oansed by Inaeot life. He had known forests made bare by caterpillars, and oaffee plantations wholly dettreyed by borera. Or. Oossb supposed tbat the paper had been written with a view to encourage the growth of timber so aa to bring about a larger fall of rain ; bmt he would like to know hew the exaassive fall of rain just experienced was to be aceranted for. If the planting of f oreata increased the rainfall, he thought it would be very iaesn venient (Langhttr,) ate Kbiohiutf aaid the effect of nUaM*'g trees would not be to eatue a larger fall of tain, but it would be more gentle and more equally distributed. (Hear, hear.) The lame number of acres which had recently been ploughed in the North had, doubtieM, something to do with the late heavy fall, by causing a larger amount of evaporation from the soli. Mr. 8. Davkhfobi agreed w'th this theory. He alluded to the Wirrabarra Forest, and aaid some action should be taken to prevent the waste of timber which wu taking pftee there. Mr. 3. F. Oostobavk said the question which had been brought before them that evening was aecoed to none at the present time, and ha was glad to say that arrangements had been Bade with the daily press to print Me. Ktiobauff's paper in fait He alluded to the proviai««iof the Forest Plantation Act of 1678. and said he thoDghtif theaateage, upon whlshaboaus fat tree-planting emdd be obtained, was deenased, •and the amount of the bonus inereasvd. ewttaga plantations wonU become plentiful over the ooantry. (Hear, hear.) The Oorermment offered £1 per 100 for mulberry trees, aad atl that was required to have the money paid waa aeertinoatetbat the trees ware In >goea order. < and of useful sorts. If this system waa adopted' with the planting ot trees generally, the Act, would become something more than a dead letter. (Hear, hear.) Mr. D. Gall aaid that at a meeting of the Philosophical Society, when this subjest was last ditenmed, he had upheld the view that the planting of trees inoroased the rainfall. 3he next morning he met the late Mr. Mitf ord, who said to him—"Were you evor in (the Murray Scrub, old fellow? It'a all trees thareTandihey havent had a drop of rain cheat three yeara. What youJhave been talking about is all smoke.* (t*naHter.) He believed, however, that if persona only ooniulted their own In terests they would go in for tree-plant. Ing, and he mentioned a* an itataose of the good that waa likely to result from It, the auooaat that had attended Mr. Hormaaft planting at Normanvllle. After a. few other remarks on the subject, he moved a vote of thanks to Mr. Kriohauff for his useful and in atruotive pa(ec. Mr. T. Habdt seconded. He urged the planting of trees, and said "«*H"g a?re aaave pleasure than to watch the foung plant grow up into a stately tree. Mr. & DAVBBPOtT suggested that the dis cussion of the paper should be postponed to a future meeting, The motion was oaniud with applause. . Mr. KRiotutrar returned thauka, and aaid he would be very glad to attend an adjourned Meting on the subject. Mr. H. D.Tnmuirr moved, and Dr..Oossb ateondert, a vote of thanks to Hla ExoaUenov for presiding, whish waa carried. His Bzoaup?oc aaid he waa gractted oa having been prusent that evening to hear amah an instructive and exhaustive paper upon, a most important subject, and one whleh Iwd been too long negUoted. Whan in the Mount Gambler diatriet he had nuttoed the meruOily amongst the trues, and that it was ttgnfl'ml to thfbluegunu. His view wat that it was 4us to the ravages of some inseot. On a property in the West Indies, which belonged to same near connections of hla, and whuh had been in the family since the time of Oharies L, or nearly 200 years, a similar thing had occurred. The property was kaown aa Oedar Hill, and took its name from a number of beautiful trees resem bling the cedar that were on it. These trots' not long back became suddenly aifsstofl,' and before laag they aUdiod; and after aone time it was found that decay had been brought about 1 try the savages of an Insect, which had bored them through.. Singularly the damage wat«*n. fined to that locality and to tlpjaamtkud of tree. Ha hirptfl *fr? r*m*f i?f th? mtrrtallty in iMt colony would be found out, and tfco oval reme died. There waa no doubt that trees exercised gnatollmatielnnnease. At King's Hill rarest, in the West Indian island of which he had beeu Governor, no one was allowed to eat stay tim ber without a direct permission from the Go-1 vemor, and the result m that the looaHty was . celebrated for its fjatileneat In the.ialaods.ol Grenada, St. Ylnoent, and Montserrat, whiah were well wooded, there was far more humidity than in the islands of Baihafloea and Antigua, where the timber had,been* cleared away. Beferenee had been nude to the Salt Lake OUy, and he *ouM aay from Us own personal ohscrva. tion that it was' maivelloua how the de sert had been made to blouom like theraaa. This was so literally, and not poetically. Out-, aide the dty the country looked at if the curse ot God had passed over it; but inside it was a garden. At the banquet to Msj?r Waifaurten he had remarked that the ring of the fast of men and hones would be one day heard la those parts of Australia whish were mat now considered habitable, and no one who hai passed aarass tbe great Amerioan deserts, and aean what had there been aeoompUshed, oould doubt that his anriir^r** 8""' ■"MstamsMM h?ias«s«fl (Applause.) 