EPITOME OF NEWS. S~ T« compile the follovAng from the various jour nals to hand :— The Brisbane t Telegraph' says :—It is to b6 hoped that some good will result from the spelling craze which has broken out in Brisbane during the last two or three days, otherwise the Rev. J. Sutton and the other gentlemen who started it here will have much to answer for. If this controversy gets much hotter, it will end in bloodshed. We are getting over whelmed, and our life made a burden to us, about correct spelling. We appreciate good spelling—especially in manuscript sent to us for publication—but we fail to perceive that the great end and aim of human existence is to be able to spell in accordance with Collins's Dictionary. As a matter of fact, we have a strong convic tion that good plain, legible handwriting is a higher accomplishment than spelling every word in the above dictionary cor rectly. We may be mistaken ; we may be labouring under a horrible delusion on this subject, but, if so, we beg to state once for all that our case is hopeless. It is no manner of use trying to convince us of our error, if error it be. We will not be convinced, and have neither space nor inclination to continue the controversy in our columns. The ' Courier' is a bigger paper than ours—fight it out there. This is a general answer to thirteen or fourteen correspondents, some of whose letters we have read—some we could not read. One cerrespondent hurled no less than seven teen dictionaries at us. It is not pleasant to be pelted with dictionaries after this manner. The ' Warwick Argus' says :—The Land Commissioner bad to decide on a com plaint made by Mr. Fagg, of Maryland, against a selector named Jones, who was some years back employed as overseer on Maryland, for deserting his selections. It was in fact insinuated that Jones was a dummy for the Maryland lessees, but the proof of this was mere presumptive evi dence. The correspondence, on both sides, was of a very voluminous charac ter, and, together with examining wit nesses, took the Commissioner some time to arrive at a decision, which was that there was sufficient evidence before him to prove that Jones had deserted liis se lection in contravention of the law. The next case was against a homestead selector on Swan Creek, who, on being examined, put himself out of Court by admitting that be had not continually resided on the selection. The Commissioner's decision was accordingly, but we-understand that in this case an appeal will be made to the Minister. It is also said that there are thirteen or fourteen other cases of persons holding homestead selections that they never resided on, amounting in the aggre gate to more than 2000 acres, that will be, in due course, brought before the Com missioner. The Brisbane ' Telegraph' says :—The Wonderful Woman. Madame Sibly has proved herself entitled to the sobriquet which she has adopted. The lady is, doubtless, a good phrenologist, judging from what we witnessed last night, and, when once she could get hold of some " subjects" on which to operate, she kept the audience instructed and amused, es pecially the latter, by letting them into some secrets as to the mental de velopment of these martyrs to science, which some of them, at least, would pos sibly have preferred kept quite private. As it is, these must comfort themselves with the feeling that they have been of fered up as victims for the public good, or rather amusement. About eleven mem bers of the male sex were persuaded to allow themselves to be " handled." One unlucky wight was informed that his brain was "out of position," which somewhat put him out of countenance as well. After a short interval, the mesmeric por , tion of the entertainment began, and this proved by far the most amusing part of ' the entertainment. Mdme. Sibly gave a short exposition of the science, in which she appears to bO-a sincere believer, and it may be safely asserted that the results of last evening's experiments were not due to any trickery. More victims— about a dozen—then rushed on to their fate, headed by the bold individual who led the forlorn hope in the first part, and who had not come out of the "affair" scatheless. Each of these was presented with a small disc, on which he was ordered to fix his eyes. Three were soon dismissed for disobedience of orders. They all presented a ludicrous appear ance. At last, after several " passes" had been made by Madamo Sibly, one after another succumbed to the mesmeric powpr, and fell to the ground. Then, at the order of the mesmerist, they went into all sorts of eccentricities, to the in tense delight of the audience—an in voluntary dance, of an entirely novel description, being indulged in. All the " subjects" appeared to be entirely under tlie control of Madame Sibly, and were evidently in a completely abnormal con dition, as may be gathered from the fact that one of them allowed a very long and thick shawl pin to be run through his arm without flinching, and without any apparent ill effect. The ' Toowoomba Chronicle' says :— The value aud importance of extending our railway to the Borders of New South Wales is every day becoming more ap parent. So great is the difficulty of get ting tin ore away from the Vegetable j Creek Tin Mines that the claim-holders ! have been obliged to come to terms with \ a private company to take the ore to Warwick, and. have it forwarded to Syd- I ney via Brisbane, in place of forwarding ! it to Sydney via "Grafton and tlie Cla- ! rence river. From a New England ! journal, we learn there are from 900 to j 1000 tons of ore at the Vegetable Creek Mines, unable to be removed owing to the difficulty of carriage. The tin in- j dustry is now firmly established, and there can be no doubt whatever that for many years to come thousands of persons on the borders of the two colonies will be i profitably employing in tin mining. There is also on the New South Wales side a large settled population. At present the whole of these people obtain their sup- i plies from Sydney via Grafton and the Clarence, or by way of Armidale and Eew England. By the former route teams are frequently three or four months on the road, and for the past two or three months it has been almost impossible to get teams, even when most extravagant rates of carriage have been offered. *The difficulties that beset the storekeepers and miners, from the border and so far North of it as Glen Innes, have, naturally : enough, turned their attention to the ' question as to the most eligible route by j which supplies can be obtained and the produce of the stations and the tin mines conveyed to a market. Owing to engi neering difficulties, a railway from Graf ton to Glen Innes or Tenterfield has been pronounced all but impossible, and that railway communication to these districts can only be attained by the Northern fine coming to them by way of Tamwortli, Bmgera, and Inverell. Years before this feat can be accomplished, our line could i be constructed to the Border, and a very i large proportion of the trade of the : Southern portion of New England di verted to our own colony. The estimated cost of the construction of this line, based j upon an accurate survey made by Mr. J. : Thornloe Smith, is something under ! £400,000. The annual interest on this I sum would be £20,000 a year. From our j knowledge of the district, we might ! venture to say that the border custom ! house at the terminus of the line would collect, at least, the half of this amount from goods in transitu to various parts of New England : while the large traffic the line would naturally attract to it, and the increase of settlement that would follow upon its construction, would render it as payable a portion of our railway system as any we have yet constructed. We cannot but think a great mistake was made that this extension did not form a more prominent part of tlie policy of the Government, but in tlie next session we should say that a strong and vigorous effort ought to be made to extend the railway to the border via Stanthorpe, and we hope the member for Carnarvon will concentrate his energies on this desirable consummation. The Brisbane 'Telegraph' says: At the Police Court, the following case, as to selling grog without a license, caused some amusement:—Hogan v. Bleck. Mr. Thynne for the defence. This case was rendered very amusing by the man ner in which complainant gave his evi dence, which was to the effect that he was a musician ; that he had been playhm m defendant's dancing house, in Eliza° beth-street, in a room which he described as capable of holding "three sets." In this room there was a little bar, where lemonade and other drinks, and, accord ing to complainant, a "good glass of rum, were sold by Mr. Bleck (with an ironical emphasis on the " Mr.Hoo-an and a friend had two drinks each,°lie paying a shilling for one of the shouts Drinks were served out as at a public bouse. Asked whence "his mate" got his second glass, complainant said "Oh out of the same old bottle." This kind of answer cropping up rather frequently he was threatened with twenty-four hours in the cells, unless lie conducted himself in a more (police) courtly fashion ; these warnings, however, had little effect. He said that, if defendant had paid him for playing in any other way but " black guardism," he should have gone away " like a lamb," and never laid the in formation ; didn't lay the information after the first occasion, as lie wanted a witness, and " this infant didn't want to look the fool." Complainant called a witness to confirm his statement, but, as he could not swear that any money passed for the rum, the Bench, without hesitation, dismissed the case, Mr. Thynne remarking that he had two witnesses who could prove that the rum spoken of was provided specially for the three musicians. The Police Magistrate, in dismissing the case, said he had a very strong opinion on the dancing houses in town. The Melbourne cor. of the ' Ballarat Courier' telegraphs :—A nursegirl, named Matilda Allen, in the employ of Mr. Rudd, of the Commercial hotel, Flinders-lane East, committed suicide this morning by throwing herself from an upstairs window of the hotel into the yard below. Death was almost instantaneous, the unfortu nate girl's neck being broken by the force of the fall. It is stated that the de ceased, who was a steady, bard-working girl, between sixteen and seventeen years of age, had been detected in a falsehood, and upon being reproved for tlie fault, she aPPe£rs to have resolved to take her life, which resolve she carried out in the de termined manner above mentioned. On searching her room a scrap of paper was xound containing these words, directed to her mother :—" My first falsehood ; good j bye, mother ; I have thrown myself ont of the window." An inquest was held on the body this afternoon, the result of which was a verdict that the deceased committed suicide whilst of unsound mind. The Rev. A. Rutledge writes to the Brisbane ' Telegraph'-Some few years ago I read in the ' Sydney Morning He rald' a letter written by a gentleman living on a station in the interior of New South Wales, describing the mode in which one of his children had been relieved of a trouble, arising from the stoppage of one of its nostrils by a substance that it had pushed so far up as to render extraction by all ordinary means impossible. The writer stated that when the case had as sumed a serious aspect, in consequence of the distance at which lie resided from the nearest medical man, an aboriginal fe male, employed about the place, asked to be allowed to try a plan of her own, and on permission being given, set to work in a way that proved completely successful. Her plan was this :—Placing the child on a bed, she, with one of her fingers, firmly pressed the unobstructed nostril, and then, placing her mouth upon that of the little sufferer, she blew a sharp strong breath right into its throat, whereupon the offending substance was immediately dislodged. I have reason to feel grateful to that gentleman for having taken the trouble to communicate to the press the particulars of so simple aud so effectual a method of dealing with a difficulty by no meaus uncommon in families. During this afternoon, while I was from home, one of my children caused a great deal of anxiety by intruding what was afterwards found to be a piece of coal into her left nostril. On my return, I found that the substance, besides causing considerable hemorrhage, had ascended so far as to be scarcely visible, and that it was firmly wedged in the cavity. I iustautly recol lected the circumstance narrated as above in the ' S. M. Herald,' aud experimented after the manner of my sable country-wo man with perfect success. One breath of moderate strength resulted in the imme diate expulsion of the piece of coal. The principle of the plan is obvious, and the plan itself, like the celebrated egg achieve ment attributed to Columbus, is easy enough to carry out when we know how to do it. The ' C. and R. Examiuer' says :—At the Grafton District Court, F. Nipper v. A. M'Millan. Mr. Docker, instructed by Mr. O'Meagher, appeared for the plain tiff ; Mr. Meillon for the defence. The counsel for the prosecution stated the facts of the present action, which arose from imprisonment sustained by the plain tiff at the hands of defendant, the damages for which were laid at £150; to which the plaintiff in the late action pleaded justification—property lost aud found in possession of the then defendant; and in concluding his address pointed out that no person had a right to imprison another unless he had reasonable cause for so doing. Evidence having been taken, the Jury gave a verdict for plaintiff for £50. —A. Campbell v. A. M'Lennan. Mr. : Docker appeared for the plaintiff', and Mr. Barton for the defendant. Mr. Docker stated the case, which arose out of certain words used by the defendant some time since, by which the plaintiff alleged his character had been injured; the damages were laid at £100. After hearing the evidence of four wit nesses, the case was dismissed, the evidence being rather contradictory.—W. Attwater v. R. A. Hyndman. This case arose out of a claim for a boat hired for the Government service by the defendant, and after his Honor had commented upon the practice adopted in the Government Departments, of signing receipts for moneys before they were actually received, which in many cases led to much trouble and in convenience, a verdict was given for the plaintiff in the sum of £9 3s. Mr. O'Meagher for the plaintiff'. The Lambton cor. of the ' Newcastle Pilot' writes :—A man named James Peatrie, resident at Tickhole, whilst driv ing a cart on Tuesday last, narrowly es caped being killed. Peattie had some saplings in the cart, and one touched the horse on the back, causing it to bolt. The man jumped out, and sustained in the fall a fracture of the left arm. The ' Pastoral Times' says :—"We regret to perceive that the grasshopper pest has again made its appearance here. Not withstanding the heavy rains that fell since the invaders took their departure from Riverina South ; it is believed that the ova of the grasshoppers have not been all destroyed, excepting where bush-fires have put an end to them, and we much fear that they will again spring up here. In the early days of settlement on the Edward they were seen, but in such small quantities as not to excite much attention and no anxiety, but they have evidently of late years gone on increasing in quan tity and in their power to destroy, and it is feared that they have become acclima tised here, and that they ought to be ac cepted as one of the drawbacks in pastoral enterprise. We are assured that the ova are encased in a cretaceous covering, ren dering them impervious to water. Let us, however, hope that we may not for many years be troubled with the winged host that did so much damage during the past summer.—So plentiful are grasses and herbage at Deniliquin that, during the week, a mail employed by the Town Council has been mowing the sides of the streets not used for traffic purposes. But, though food for cattle and sheep is abund ant, it is not possessed of those nutritive properties generally conceded to the salt bush country, where moderate seasons pay best.—So quickly is the wool being de spatched that at Deniliquin on Monday last the chief throughfare had at one time more than a quarter of a mile of its space taken up with loaded wool drays, bound for Echuca.—The Wilcannia steamer was high and dry on the Upper Darling, near Brewarrina. We fear that the owners at Melbourne will pay dearly for their bold ness, for it is possible that the boat may be detained, in that far-distant spot, per haps for a year or two, as the settlers on the part of the river where the Wilcannia is stuck do not expect another rise in the river waters for this season. The1 Wilcannia Times' says:—Recently Amelia Gowan, aged 40, general servant at the Post-Office Hotel, Menindie, was missed from her employment. As her de meanour at times had been strange, it was supposed she had committed suicide. Ac tive search was at once made by several of the townspeople and the police, but no tidings were heard of her until the 7th inst., when her body was found floating in the Darling, about four miles from Me nindie. An inquest was subsequently held, when a verdict was returned " That deceased committed suicide whilst labour ing under temporary insanity." Deceased was a married woman, but her husband had not been living with her for some time previous to her melancholy death. The ' Mercury' says :—On Saturday last, on the Maitland race course, two counterfeit £1 notes; professing to be notes of the Australian Joint Stock Bank, were successfully passed. The forgery was not discovered till Monday, when Mr. R. Turner, of the Metropolitan Hotel, made his usual deposit at the Joint Stock Bank, including money taken at his booth on the race ground—when it was found there were two counterfeit notes among the lot. Quiet enquiries were busily prosecuted all that day, and since, but we have not heard of any definite trace of the persons passing the notes having been discovered. The notes were apparently photographed, and were a coarse copy of the £1 note of that bank, both beariug the same number. Its Kunopia (Barwon) cor. writes : Fencing seems a good deal in vogue just now, and Baronga adjoining has nearly completed the enclosure of about one half of the ground. This same place has been advertised for sale for some time, but the offers not suiting the owner, it has been withdrawn from the market for six months. The same proprietor erected a bridge, at some cost, across the Barwon, about a year ago. It would have lasted for years, but a few nights since it was maliciously destroyed. The parties who did it are pretty well known, but as there is not the slightest evidence against them, we are obliged to hold our tongues ; it was burned and cut down in the dead of night. It seems to me a small style of revenge or spite, and can only be the act of a low-minded blackguard, whoever he may be. Telegram from Goulburn in the He rald' of 29th ult. Shocks of earthquake were felt at different places on Saturday. Ditto from Brisbane :—News has been received that Dr. Hale, the new Bishop of Brisbane, will leave King George's Sound by the November mail steamer. He will stay in Adelaide and Sydney for a short time, and will reach Brisbane about the middle of December.—The Lang testimonial now reaches £150. The rev. gentleman is lecturing at Rookliamp ton.—Captain Champion, for many years in the A. S. N. Co.'s service, is dead.— The Judgeship of the Northern District Court has been offered to and Tefused by Mr. John Malbon Thompson, solicitor. Ditto from Melbourne:—Kamarooka, engaged in the Melbourne Cup, was kilted this morning at exercise. Ditto from Adelaide:—A man, named James Williams, was arrested for stabbing a woman who, he alleges, stole money from him.—A London private" telegram, dated September 25, reports an advance in the price of wool of l|d.—The Govern ment have promised to grant £3000 to wards an inebriate asylum.—The Darwin and Roper River Expedition has arrived. Wilson and Giles arrived overland with cattle.—At a meeting at Sandy Creek it was resolved that it is advisable to abolish the office of Government Resident, re duce the number of officials, and spend the money saved in offering rewards for prospecting. The 1 H. T. Mercury' states that re cently a fire broke out in the furniture shop of Mr. Clark, at the corner of Brisbane-street. Mr. John Clark heard some of the children crying, and went into the room where three of them were sleeping just in time to rescue them from being smothered. The fire originated in one of the workshops at the back, the flames spreading to the front part of the building very rapidly. None of the goods or tools in the workshops were saved, and only a small portion from the front. Both brigades were in attendance, and soon extinguished the flames. The building, which was almost totally de stroyed, belongs to Mr. J. Peck, and is, we believe, insured. Mr. Clark is not insured. The 4 Wagga Express1 states that a re markable accident occurred lately to T. Garvan, who was staying at Mr. F. Smith's boarding-house, Fitzmaurice street. Garvan, who had been drinking, went to bed in a room opening on to a balcony facing the street. Under the in fluence of drink or a dream, he got up in the middle of the night, walked on to the balcony, got over the railing, and fell into the street, breaking his leg in two places. His calls soon brought assistance, and lie was conveyed to the hospital, where his injuries were attended to by Dr. Fons worth. His own, naturally confused, account of the occurrence is that he thought he was in a paddock, and he took the railing for a fence. The ' Monaro Mercury' reports that recently Mary Emily Boate, aged 19 years, died, at Rose Valley, the cause of death being principally the shock to the nerves sustained by her when the fire broke out in the stables and barns of Mr. p. J. J. Clifford, J.P., on that day. Deceased, who is the daughter of one of Mr. Clifford's employes, had been in a weak state of health, induced by a severe attack of measles, and on the day of the fire she fell a victim to paralytic fits. Mr. Boate, the bereaved father, was at one time a member of the metropolitan detective police in London, and before he came to Monaro he was manager for Messrs. James and W. Macartliur, on their sheep station on the Richland estate, near Goulburn. The ' Echo' says To-day, whilst em ployed cutting a piece of wood with a chisel, a man named George Gillet se verely cut his left leg, through the chisel slipping. The wound bled so freely that it was considered advisable to remove the sufferer to the Infirmary. The ' M. and D. Advertiser' says:—An inquest was held yesterday on the body of Que Hap, a Chinaman, who was found hanging to a tree in the bush at Flag staff, on the previous day. The jury found that deceased committed suicide while in a state of unsound mind. The Canonbar cor. of the 4 Dubbo Ad vertiser' writes :—John Neal, Jun., a squatter, residing at No. 6 West Bogan, was charged at the Police Court, yester day (Mr. Norton, P.M., presiding), with illegally using a brand, the said brand not being duly registered according to the Act made and provided. The seventh clause of the Brands Registration Act says, " Every person who shall use or intend to use a brand shall register the same with the Registrar of Brands, and any one who shall three months after the date of this Act coming into operation use, or attempt, direct, or permit to be used, a brand not so registered, or shall have in his posses sion any instrument commonly used for the making of any brand with intent to use the same, shall, on conviction for every such offence in a summary way, for feit and pay any sum not exceeding fifty pounds." Neal pleaded guilty, and was fined the modified sum of 20s., with costs. Mr. J. S. Brown, Registrar of Brands, was the prosecutor.—A man named James Simpson, residing at Grahway, Macquarie River, met with a dreadful accident yes terday. He was out shooting turkeys, and, while in the act of dismounting from his horse, the animal shied and kicked Simpson in the log, breaking it, just above the ankle. The poor fellow had to be conveyed home, a distance of 12 or 14 miles, in a cart. The same journal says :—Returning from Sydney last week, Mr. W. G. Or bell, of the Royal Hotel, Dubbo, met with an accident which might have proved very serious, but happily cost him only the life of his horse. He was steadily driving down the hill towards Dunkeld, a few miles from Bathurst, when the horse stumbled, and, falling with his head under, broke his neck. The Melbourne ' Telegraph1 says :— The dead body lately found floating in the Yarra lias been identified as that of Henry Edwin Boner, secretary of the Bo rough of Ray wood. An inquest was held, when a brother of deceased deposed that about ten weeks since he came down from Haywood. Shortly afterwards he disap peared, and nothing more was heard of liim until his body was found floating in the river. There was nothing wrong in liis affairs, and to his brother's know ledge he had never threatened to destroy himself. Deceased had about ,£50 in his possession when he left Raywood, and, as he was somewhat addicted to drinking, the hypothesis is that after spending all his money, he had wandered on to the banks of the river, and perhaps fallen in accidentally. The ' Narrabri Herald' says :—Sunday saw a slight atmospherical disturbance ; that is to say, a thunderstorm overran the greater part of the district. In this neighbourhood a little rain fell, and out on the Melii the afternoon and night were wet, but the rainfall, insiguificant in vo lume, promised to do more harm than good. Meanwhile feed is getting shorter and shorter. The frontages are very bare, and the back blocks show no head of grass worthy of mention. One or two highly favoured stations may, in fact will, shortly send off some mobs of fat stock, but, un less a change comes soon, these must be the last for some time to come.—The complaints now making of the scarcity of labour are wide spread. There are 110 labouring men hardly to be got. Station improvements are at a stand still. Fencers and splitters not beiug forthcoming, are putting many of the pastoral tenants to very great inconvenience. The sheds too are all working short handed, and the question asked is—" Where are the shearers?"—A Chinese named Jimmy Ah Pong died recently, at Deep Creek, from injuries received through the upset ting of a cart. Deceased was a market gardener.—Friday last witnessed a time of high festival at the City of the Plains ; the occasion being the opening of an Odd fellows' Lodge, called the Loyal Pride of Moree. The weather was lovely, and everything combined to make the affair successful.—An old man, named Surrey, resident on a conditional purchase in the vicinity of the Ironbark Camp, was found dead in his hut yesterday morning. De ceased had been ailing for a long time past, and had been urged repeatedly to go into ilie hospital, but had steadfastly re fused to do anything of the kind. The Goondiwindi cor. of the 'D. D. Gazette' writes :—W. Bardon was ar raigned under the 18th clause of the Qd. Police Act, with wearing the uni form and personating the Queensland police. The accused stated he had re ceived the jacket in question from a blackfellow, and thought there was no harm in wearing it, for he meant none ; neither did he intend to give any offence nor cause any disrespect to the police whatever. The Police Magistrate care fully read over the clause, and showed that a penalty of £10 could be enforced for the committal of such offences. Bardon was therefore fined £5, to gether with the confiscation of the jacket.—On Friday, the cricket engage ment between the Ivaulioe (N.S.W.) eleven and the Goondiwindi eleven took place, on the Goodiwindi cricket ground. The total in both innings of the New South Wales team was 104, leaving the Goondiwindi eleven victors by 47. The ' Tamworth News' says :—William Roberts, of Tulcumbah, was charged with unlawfully and maliciously shooting at one Thomas Cupples, with intent to do him grievous bodily barm. The parties are neighbouring farmers, and on tlio 23rd Sept. (as wo gather from the evi dence) had some words as to Roberts being on certain land of Cupples's, sub sequent to which Roberts fired off a pistol or revolver twice, the prosecutor (as he alleges) hearing something whiz past him after the first shot. Further particulars —as the case is sub judice, and will more over be heard at the Circuit Court to morrow—are not called for. The accused reserved his defence, and was committed for trial at the ensuing Circuit Court; bail allowed, himself in £4D, and two sureties in £20 each. Mr. Patterson con ducted the prosecution, Mr. Smith the de fence.—ThoB. Booth was brought before the local Bench on Monday last, charged with stealing a cow brauded CW over M, and other cattle, the property of Mrs. Wilkinson, of Armidale. The evidence of the apprehending constable (Kennedy, of Tamworth, who, from a 'Police Gazette' description, arrested Booth at Bubbogul lion sheep-station) having been taken, the prisoner was remanded to Armidale, where the principal witnesses reside.— When we wrote last Monday, there ap peared a probability of the present being a maiden Assizes, but since that time, so far as we have learned, it has transpired that some four or five cases will occupy the attention of the Court. Among these are the following :—O'Brien, for perjury, from Murrurundi ; Fitzgerald, from In verell, for perjury; an aboriginal, from the neighboui-hood of Walgett, for mur der; and Wm. Roberts, of Tulcumbah, for shooting with intent.—We learn that Sir Alfred Stephen has accepted an in vitation to a complimentary banquet, to be given in liis honour by the gentlemen of the district, and which takes place at 7.30 p.m., on Monday next, at the Com mercial Hotel. From the high esteem in which the late Chief Justice is generally held by all who have watched his ad mirable judicial career, and are cognisant of his distinguished social character, there can be no doubt the mode devised of ex pressing the district's recognition of the venerable Knight's claims on publicrespect and gratitude will be eminently successful. —It gives us unfeigned pleasure to record an instance of very great generosity ex tended by one of our principal townsmen towards the support of a local institution. Mr. Abraham Cohen, the well-known mer chant, lias, with a degree of liberality rarely witnessed in any part of the colo nies, stated his readiness to give a dona tion of £150 for the purpose of erecting a new reading room in connection with the local Mechanics' Institute ; and, of course, it is needless to say Mr. Cohen's munifi cent tender was at once gratefully ac cepted.—We learn that his Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. James Turner, Bishop of the Diocese of Grafton and Armidale, will arrive at Tamworth per mail on to-morrow (Saturday) morning, bringing with liim the plans for the new church on the Go vernment side of the Peel. The Bishop will meet the Building Committee at the C. E school-rooai, on Saturday evening, at 9.15; and on the following Sunday morning will preach at St. Paul's. An earthshock was felt at several places in the Southern part of the co lony. The 'Gippsland Standard' says:—A fearfully sudden death took place at Woodside, when Miss Newman, daughter of Mr. Samuel Newman, was taking part in a friendly game of cribbage with her parents, and while the friendly game was proceeding the young lady rose from the table, complained that she felt unwell, but as she was leaving her chair she fell dead on the spot. The cause of the dreadful sudden death is supposed to be disease of the heart, but no knowledge as to the nature of the internal rupture can remedy or palliate the effects of this me lancholy event upon the sorrowing parents of tho deceased, who, we understand, was thirty years of age at the time of her death. In connection with the sad affair, we regret to say that so sudden and seri ous was the shock sustained by Mrs. New man at seeing her daughter fall dead in the room, that she had to be conveyed to her bed, where she now lies in a critical condition. The ' Qneenslander' says We are in debted to Dr. Bancroft for the following : —" Accidentally I observed in silverfish a strong proclivity to hide themselves in a lump of white ants' nest that I had placed 011 my shelves as a specimen. I have since turned this to account by placing lumps of the same honeycombed stuff", , about as large as a breakfast cup, in j various parts of my book-shelves. About j twice a week I shake out the silverfish j and destroy them. As silverfish are such j a nuisance among books, this information i may be useful." ' The ' M. A. Mail' relates a sad occur- I renee that took place at the Duck Ponds, where a new railway bridge is being built. A labourer, named John Nelson, hap pened to bo under a block of stone weigh ing lialf a ton, which was being hoisted into position, when the dogs slipped, and the mass of blnestone caine down with a crash on his leg, pinning him to the ground. He maintained great coolness and presence of mind throughout, giving his mates in structions how to remove the stone. This having been done, he was at once driven into Geelong, where, 011 arriving at the hospital, it was found necessary to amputate his left foot and portion of the leg. The ' C. and R. Examiner' says :—At the Grafton Police Court, Andrew Graham and Thos. M'Kenna, charged with cattle stealing, were further remanded until the 2.9th Sept. The ' Newcastle Chronicle' says:—A species of barbarous juvenile cruelty, of a kind that we regret is too common, was perpetrated the other evening, near the sandhills, at the bottom, of Watt-street, by a number of juvenile persecutors. The objects of their cruelty were two un fortunate eats, whose tails were tied toge ther, the cats being then slung over a clothes line, and there left to fight. We really consider that these boys, in whose natures there must be an innate spirit of cruelty, deserve a very great punishment when caught at such vile pastimes, and should receive a well-timed correction, that might possibly prevent them merg ing, in after life, into adult monsters of cruelty. The * Pastoral Times' says:—We per ceive a very destructive plant, commonly know as "the Cape weed," is growing bountifully on the sides of the streets at Deniliquiu. The plant has done immense damage in Victoria; it kills nearly all the healthy grasses and herbs, and is as de structive in this respect as the Bathurst burr. It ought to be weeded out forth with, while it cau be subdued, if not ex terminated. Owing to the almost tropi cal effects of the season, we may expect that all the weeds that afford no nourish ment, or that have even worse qualities, will flourish here for the present. The Cape weed has a yellow flower, and is in its shape not much unlike the nettle, though it does not grow high ub does this peBt. The ' Echo' says :—The first annual meeting of the Discharged Prisoners' Aid i Society, held last evening, though not numerously, was influentially attended, and by gentlemen who are in a position J to give effective service in accomplishing the good object it seeks to carry out, in- | eluding the Sheriff, the Under Sheriff, ' the Water Police Magistrate, and others connected with the administration of jus tice. The attendance of these gentlemen shows that they have a real regard for the welfare of the prisoners whom they may have sentenced or had in custody, and that the sole end of their lives is not the punishment of the wrong doer. A capital report was read, setting forth the objects and working of the society in such a full, lucid, and interesting manner as to render speeches in support of it almost a super fluity. This, the speakers felt and ac knowledged. Though it has been in exist ence only one year, the Society has with a small income of £74, of which a balance of £17 remains, assisted or been instru _ mental in obtaining employment for thirty discharged prisoners, chiefly from Dar linghurst, though in some cases from Par ramatta and Berrima ; the remoteness of other penal establishments rendering it impossible for the Society to extend its labours there. In furtherance of its ob jects, however, the committee urge the residents of Bathurst, Goulburn, and Maitland to help the Society by assisting discharged prisoners. The aid given has been chiefly in the form of obtaining em ployment for them in the country, and providing them with a few necessary ar ticles to assist them on the way. With the exception that the Government gives free passes by the railway, to prisoners for whom the Society desires to obtain them, the Society is altogether supported by voluntary contributions. The com mittee have appealed to the Government for further help ; and several of the speak ers last night seemed to think that the So ciety should be assisted from the public funds. The report, however, hardly pre sents a case showing a necessity for such aid, except it may be in regard to the ren dering of assistance to prisoners leaving the gaols in the interior of the colony, And this work the committee seems ra ther to think should be undertaken by the local residents. With the exception stated no work is said to be left undone. If sufficient funds could not be obtained by subscription, and the work of the So ciety should be hindered in consequence, Government might with propriety be asked to contribute ; for, is it not public policy to prevent men becoming criminals ? Let us hope that the number of those who have hitherto subscribed to this admirable Society will be increased. And it should be remembered that its objects will be promoted by the public generally exercis ing a more merciful feeling towards those who have atoned, for their misdeeds, by giving them employment or helping them to obtain it. It is written in the Beati tudes : " Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy." The 'Tamworth News' Walgett cor. writes, of Mr, M'Taggart's funeral;— The body was carried fifty miles for inter ment in the cemetery at Walgett, and was followed to the grave by the largest num ber of persons that ever attended a fune ral in this part. The deceased was much respected, and expressions of sorrow were freely indulged in by many who were pre sent. Great praise is due to Mr. D. M. Rose, of Llanillo, and Mr. Ostley, of Goangra, for the energy they displayed in conveying the body (which decomposed rapidly in this hot part of the country) along a bush track and across the Barwon River. Its Moree cor. writes :—On Tuesday last a man driving a team of horses along a road some five miles from here escaped from—what on-lookers considered—dis memberment of his body, or certain death. My informant tells me that on that day he, with a fellow equestrian, was traversing the road from Moree to Warialda, and that when some five miles from here he pulled up an old acquaint ance driving a team of eight horses. He hailed him with "good day." His salu tation was returned, whereupon the horses took fright, from some cause or other, and started off at a great bat. The driver quickly overtook and checked them ; but in so doing fell. Fortunately for him, after falling he rolled, thus miraculously escaping severe injuries, as the wheels of the waggon passed, heavily, directly across the spot where he fell. The Tamworth ' Free Selector' says :— A second meeting in the insolvent estate of J. S. Dick was held on Tuesday last, before the district commissioner, D. W. Irvine, Esq. Insolvent attended, amended his schedule in particulars, and four debts were proved. Insolvent accounted for liis failure in business through his estab lishing a tannery at Walcha, after which he found raw material too high in price, so he had to succumb ; he had also much sickness in his family at the time. Mr. J. Paterson appeared for the creditors. The Lambton cor. of the ' Newcastle Pilot' writes :—A man named Lewis Lynch was struck on the head by a man with whom he was drinking at the Lancashire Arms Hotel, with a pewter quart mea sure, on Thursday night last, or early on Friday morning. Dr. Hudson was called in at about 3 o'clock on Friday morning, and found the man bleeding profusely from a severe scalp wound, which had severed an important artery. The man had lost a great quantity of blood, and his clothes were completely saturated with it. After some difficulty the bleeding was stopped ; but yesterday Dr. Hudson did not consider the man out of danger.— . A child, son of Mr. M'Lean, baker, of Lambton, was attempting to climb into a i baker's cart, when he fell and dislocated his elbow joint. The injury was attended to at Dr. Hill's surgery.—A lad named James Jackson, whilst playing with some 1 of his companions, fell down and sustained a fracture of the left arm. Its Wallsend cor. writes :—A woman named Mary Green, wife of Joseph Green, of Brookstown, was arrested on Thursday last, at her husband's instigation, and yesterday she was charged at the Police Court with being a dangerous lunatic. Dr. Wade deposed positively to the woman's insanity, but she, during her trial, appeared intelligent and rational, and answered all questions put to her be fore her trial by Dr. Stride sensibly. On the evidence adduced (which appears in our Waratah Police Court report), the Bench dismissed the case. The ' Murrurundi Times' says :—Many of our readers will learn with surprise that Mr. John Robinson Stockdale, the prose cutor in the recent horse-stealing case heard in this town, is dead. It appears that he caught cold returning home, and ' pneumonia speedily followed with fatal results. The deceased leaves a wife and seven children with but very sleuder pro vision for their comfort. Subscription lists have been issued, which will pro bably secure some amelioration of their distress.—Furious riding occurred in Mayne-street on Wednesday last, when three young men rode at a furious pace through the town after some horses. When they had reached a spot opposite the Hospital one of the riders caine to grief by his horse falling and rolling upon him. The horse proved to be more in jured than the rider, for the animal was thoroughly lame with travel, and had evi dently been goaded on with great cruelty. As a bystander remarked, such inhuma nity deserved to be rewarded with fifty lashes.—On Wednesday evening last a meeting was held at the White Hart Hotel, Haydonton, for the formation of a branch Free Selectors' Association at Murrurundi. 29 members were enrolled. —On the main road yesterday, near Messrs. Henderson and Gallagher's hotel, a wag gon laden with wool was capsized, throw ing the horses down with much violence. The animals were extricated in a short time, fortunately without Berious injury. At the same spot a horse driven by a Chi naman dropped dead in the shafts, a few minutes after the first mentioned accident occurred. Saturday's ' Mercury' says :—The Rev. Charles Clark : This eloquent lecturer is about to visit Maitland in the course of his journey overland from Brisbane to Sydney, after paying a lecturing visit to the former place. Mr. Clark's subjects are " The Tower of London" and " Charles Dickens," and crowded assemblies in Vic toria and South Australia have listened with undisguised pleasure to his discourses on these topics. The lecture on Dickens is Baid to be a means not be surpassed for becoming thoroughly acquainted with our great humourist. Mr. Clark passed through Sydney on Tuesday on his way to Bris bane. Also :—With reference to the payment of registration fees for dogs, we have been requested to state, that owners residing beyond town boundaries are not obliged to register the dogs. Although the Go vernor has power to extend by proclama tion the provisions of the Act to all the police districts of the colony, no such pro clamation has as yet been issued. The new Act, therefore, only applies to those towns which before came within the pro visions of the old Act. The clerk of petty sessions has received numerous remit tances from parties living in the country, sent for the purpose of registering their dogs. All these will have to be returned, the officer having no power to accept them. The Yetman cor. of the 'Mercury5 writes :—Thomas King was brought up on remand from Toowoomba, Queensland, charged with stealing cattle, the property of G. H. Dight, Esq., of Yetman station. As no witnesses had arrived, he was re manded. Yesterday he was again brought up, but the case was only partly heard, and he was further remanded for eight days, for production of stolen cattle.—It seems strange to me that people who have means to do so will go up into New Eng land to select grazing country, when dur ing the winter months they have to send some of their sheep down here to get a bit of grass. There are at present two flocks belonging to New England selectors grazing down here. One of our largest: selectors, Mr. R. D. Gordon, of Ivanhoe, informs me that there is an abundance of grass about Mobinbry and the Whalan, and to my own knowledge the whole of the country on both sides of the Whalan affords an ample field for both, agricultural and pastoral pursuits.—On the 17 th inst. we were visited by that worthy minister, the Rev. D. M. Sinclair, of Armidale, I believe. It is a great pity that we could not be visited a little oftener by min isters. Lady Robinson sent the first post card, congratulating Mr. Burns on the intro duction of the system. The Parramatta cor. of the e Herald' writes:—On Saturday evening last, a horse in the possession of Mr. Purnell, grocer, jumped over the fence separating the line from the paddock in which it had been placed, strayed on to the rail way bridge over Marsden-street, and was j run over by the train, the head being completely severed from the body. It is i thought that the accident happened at i about 7 o'clock when the down train from Sydney passes through, as blood was sub sequently found on the wheels of that train, although the driver, it appears, was not aware that anything unusual had oc curred. The horse was valued at about .£15, and had been lent to Mr. Purnell for a few days for trial pending the pur chase of it.—Mr. Dennis Brohen and his wife, in proceeding in a cart from their residence, Liverpool, to visit a person at Pennant Hills, drove down to the dam to give the horse a drink. Mr. Brohen there got out of the cart and took off the wink ers, when the horse at once rushed off into deep water, taking the cart and lady along with him. The occurrence was for- j tunately observed by Mr. Nagle, cab pro- | prietor, who ran to the spot, and by whose j assistance Mrs, Brohen was brought to shore wet, but unhurt. Mrs. Brodie, of the district hospital close by, kindly fur nished the dripping lady with dry clothes and a glass of old port, after which, the erratic horse having in the mean time been recovered and quieted, the travel lers proceeded on their way, none the worse. The same journal says:—Yesterday a man, named Thomas Shields, was found drowned in the harbour. He was lately engaged on board the ship British Com modore, and on Tuesday night, at 9 o'clock, a waterman, named James Chap man, rowed him to the ship, which is lying at the Cosmopolitan Wharf. Shields got out of the boat and walked up the gang-way a few steps, and then returned to assist Chapman to get his (Shields's) clothes out of the boat. Whilst coming down the stairs, Shields slipped and fell I into the water, floundered about for a few seconds, and, before Chapman could reach him, he sank. | Telegram from Brisbane, in the ' He- j raid' of 30th ult. :—The Gazelle, German ! frigate, of 9 guns, Captain Baron von j Coblentz, has 15 officers and 330 men. I She will probably be quarantined, having ! thirteen cases of abdominal fever. One man died on the 20th September. She is last from a cruise to the Solomon Islands group.—It transpired at the en quiry in reference to the Star Queen that nineteen male emigrants were shipped under false names. Two girls, aged 9 and 11, came out as ad nits. Through a ! false water-measure each passenger was j deprived of one pint daily.—Tooker, a steerage passenger per Boomerang (s.), for Rockliampton, jumped overboard off Moreton Island, and was drowned. Ditto from Cardwell:—The steamer Fyenas arrived from Hongkong direct yesterday, with 371 Chinese passengers and 1000 tons of general cargo. On dis charge she will proceed direct to Hong kong with return passengers. News from China indicates a steady stream of immi gration, but not a heavy rush.—The Chi nese at Cooktown have started sugar growing. In Cooktown the Chinese gambling saloons are driving a flourish ing business with Europeans and Chinese. —Gold is coming in freely.—The rush to the Conglomerate has ceased, all the ground being occupied principally by Chinese.—The news from the reefs is very good. Specimens from the Allison reef, 4 tons crushed, gave at the rate of ; 190 ozs. to the ton. Ditto from Melbourne:—By an acci dent at the Yarraville Sugar Works a boy named M'Donald was killed, his head being cut off. The 'Echo' says :—A very serious ac cident happened yesterday afternoon at the foot of Bathurst-street. A boy, named James Moss, was playing on some timber at the place mentioned, and the owner of the timber seeing the boy picked up a stone and threw it at him, striking him on the head and fracturing his skull. The little fellow was taken to the In firmary, and is now suffering rather se verely from the effects of the injury. The man who threw the stone was taken into custody. Telegram from Brisbane, in Friday's ' Herald' :—Mulligan's exploring party have returned to Cooktown without find ing any payable gold. They discovered fine agricultural land within 12 miles of Princess Charlotte's Bay.—A boat was capsized at Rocky Islet, coming from the Daintrey River. Mr. Baird, the Austra lasian Company's agent, and five others were drowned; the rest- are safe.—The Victoria (s.) has a ton of gold on board ; from Cooktown, 13,000 ouncos ; Cardwell, 3000 ounces ; Townsville, 9300 j ounces. ' Telegram from Ipswich, in the Bris bane 'Telegraph':—A man named James Tucking was found dead at daybreak this , morning on the Toowoomba road, about five miles from town. It is supposed that he had been thrown from his horse. The ' Ipswich Observer' says :—A re ward of £50 is offered for information which will lead to the conviction of the person or persons who forged invitations to a wedding breakfast in Ipswich, held on Wednesday last. The ' Telegraph' says :—A newly-born infant was found on Saturday, wrapped in part of a blanket, near the quarries, in Leichhardt-street. It is now lying at the Lady Bowen Hospital, and is doing well. The Brisbane ' Telegraph' says :—We learn from English papers just to hand that the National Agricultural Labourers' Union, founded some three years ago by Joseph Arch, and in which Mr. E. Rich ardson, of emigration repute to this co lony, took so much interest, has declined during the last twelve months in numbers from 100,000 members to 58,000. The ' Labourers' Chronicle,' the old organ of the Union, has reversed its tone and tac tics ; the executive, with the support of Joseph Arch and Secretary Taylor, have started a new paper entitled the ' English Labourer'; and it is very evident from the spirit displayed by both journals that a good deal'of uncharitable feeling exists between the two parties. Saturday's ' Herald' says : — Postal cards acquired a legal existence for the first time in this colony yesterday, and from the extent of the sales there is reason for believing that they will become a po pular mode of sending circulars and brief epistolary communications through the post. The sales yesterday amounted to no less than 12,000, and many of those issued were used and postSfl during the day. Exception has been taken in some quarters to the thinness of the cards, and we believe that it is the intention of the authorities to see that thicker paper is used in future. The first card issued and passed through the post was sent by the Hon. Lady Robinson to the Postmaster General, and was in the following terms : i —" Lady Robinson congratulates the Postmaster General on the introduction of postal cards in New South Wales, and hopes they will prove here, as they have elsewhere, a great convenience to the ! public." Mr. Burns at once sent an i appropriate reply by postal card to this communication. Also :—As many as 9000 dogs had been registered at the Central Police Office at the close of business on Thursday after noon. Yesterday, when the new Act, with an increased fee, came into opera tion, business was not quite so brisk. Telegram from Grafton, in Saturday's ' Herald':—After a long investigation, Roderick and Donald M'Lennan and. ; Thomas Graham were committed by the Bench for trial at the Circuit Court, for i stealing cattle belonging to Dangar, J Brothers. ' Ditto from Melbourne :—A telegram j from Low Head states that Captain Scott, of the Argyle, has returned from the wreck of the Cambridgeshire. He ex perienced very heavy gales. The ship has not altered -her position, no cargo coming ashore. The captain and crew of the Cainbridgesliire have arrived here. The ' Burrangong Argus' states that recently James Luke Shelvey, in the employ of Mr. Barnes, was riding, about a mile from that town, at a fast canter, when the saddle girth broke, and he fell with the saddle heavily to the ground, on his head. Mr. Quinlan's son picked him up, but found him quite dead, his neck having been dislocated. He was about I fifty Saturday's ' Echo' says, as to the escape j of Downey, while a prisoner on board a i steamer from Grafton to Sydney:—When the Agnes Irving was off Broken Bay he | mysteriously disappeared, and all search proved fruitless, it was at once surmised that he had really determined to put his powers to the test by trying to escape to the shore, and the matter was no doubt dismissed by a great many persons under the impression that Downey had gone to the bottom through his foolhardy exploit. It turns out, however, from what we have gathered, that he was rather too clever to court almost certain death, and it is surmised that, instead of plunging info the " briny,,r lie watched his opportunity and dived into the stokehole of the steamer, where he soon became so be grimed with coal dust as to pass for one of the stokers. In this guise he probably waited until the vessel reached Sydney, j and then boldly walked ashore without molestation. It appears that the detec- i tive police here had their own ideas about the matter, and "from information re- ! ceived" one of the officers was despatched to Adelaide, where Downey was cap tured, and brought back under arrest to Sydney. Also :—Last night a complimentary banquet was given, in the Masonic Hall, to the Hon. William Forster, M.P. (Co lonial Treasurer), on the eve of his de parture for England. The chair was occupied by Mr. Benjamin Palmer (the ! Mayor of Sydney), on whose right sat the guest of the evening, the Hon. W. H. Walsh (Speaker of the Legislative As sembly of Queensland), the Hon. John Hay (President of the Legislative Council of this colony), the Hon. J. F. Burns (Postmaster General), the Hon. John Lackey (Secretary for Public Works), Mr. Alexander Stuart, M.P., and Mr. Brown, M.L.C. (Queensland). On the left of the chairman sat the Hon. John Robertson (Colonial Secretary and Pre mier), Mr. P. A. Jennings, the Hon. Thomas Garrett (Secretary for Lands), Mr, Stewart Murray, and Mr. Charles Cowper. There were about two hundred gentlemen present. The ' M. and D. Advertiser' says : The Government have increased the pre mium offered for designs for railway car riages from one hundred guineas to two hundred guineas.—The borough council of Dunolly have applied to have the whole of the borough, save a radius of one mile from the post office, proclaimed a £10 publicans' licensing district.—Mr. Joseph Dunne, who recently lost a judgeship, has turned up at Echuca, where lie ap peared in the character of a barrister, defending prisoners at the Court of Gene ral Sessions. He appeared, too, with the greatest success, and was especially com plimented by the learned Judge who pre sided, for his eloquent appeals on behalf of his clients. Telegram from Maryborough, in the Brisbane ' Telegraph' Captain Tooker, a steerage passenger for Rockhampton, by the Boomerang, jumped overboard and was drowned off Moreton Island. Ditto from Stanthorpe:—A numer ously signed memorial will be forwarded to the Postmaster General, in favour of continuing the daily coach service with mails to Stanthorpe, tenders having been called for in the 'Government Gazette' for a daily or tri-weekly service. Ditto from Townsville :—The Chevert 1b at Cape York, ready to start for Syd ney. The ' Toowoomba Chronicle' says :—A j lad named Patrick Hayden, in the employ of Messrs. A. and D. Munro, at the Argyle Saw Mills, met with a sad accident. He was engaged at one of the saw benches on Saturday morning last, and very incau tiously placed his hand too near the cir cular saw then in motion. He sustained a nasty wound of the right hand, which we fear will necessitate the amputation of the index finger. The Tambo cor. of the ' Western Star' writes:—Our township has this week been the scene of a very painful aud sorrowful suicide. Mrs. Ah Fat, the wife of a Chinese gardener resident here, had in an incautious moment made some reflections upon a couple of her sisterhood, which coming to their ears, they (as daugh ters of Eve are prone to do) considered it their incumbent duty to make the unfor tunate woman "prove her words." A meeting of these ladies took place; Mrs. Ali Eat left the house in a state of hysteri cal excitement, and, upon arriving at her own house, poisoned herself with strych nine, and was dead within two hours. The most pitiful part of the business is, there are a babe of nine months and three other little ones. The ' Echo' says :—A labouring man on strike has found his way into the Insol vent Court, and one of the worst features of the Labouring Men's Association is forcibly illustrated in his case. In his ex amination yesterday, before Mr. Deffell, the Chief Commissioner in Insolvency, he stated that he had been oat of work for four weeks, and had only earned a little money by hawking fish about. At his regular employment as a lumper, he could get one shilling an hour; but as he be longed to the Union he could not go to work, as they would not allow it, they having struck for Is. 3d. What could he do against so many ? asked he. Thus, at the arbitrary dictation of the Labouring Men's Association, this man lives in com parative idleness, to the injury of liis family and his creditors, rather than go to work at good wages, and provide for his own wants and those of bis dependents and honestly meet the claims of those to whom he is indebted. Whatever justifi cation a man may have for declining to work for wages until he is reduced to the last shilling—and no one can legally ob ject to his taking that course—he has none whatever in pursuing that line of conduct at the expense of his creditors. No labouring man who is in debt has any right to go on strike unless he first eon suits his creditors and gains their concur rence to that course of proceeding ; because the inevitable effect must be to postpone the payment of his debts, if not to lead to their repudiation. The insolvency law was not passed for the benefit of persons who deliberately defraud their creditors by refusing to " provide things honest" before their fellow men. If the man, to whose case we refer at the beginning of this note, be sincerely honest in his fear of the Labouring Men's Union, it still shows a laek of moral courage on his part. Before yielding obedience to the rules of any society is the far higher duty of being honest. Clearly it is incumbent on aman in debt to go to work; and any associated action that would intimidate him from doing so ought to be stopped, as being not only tyrannical but also disgraceful. The Melbourne * Argus' says, of a case of mistaken identity which occurred re cently at the Sandridge Police Court:— Joseph Edmunds, a shoemaker, and John O'Brien, a carpenter, were charged with having stolen three fowls, belonging to a resident at Sandridge named R. Winter. Constable Oliver stated that about half past 4 a.m. on the 25th ultimo he saw the two prisoners coming down a street within a short distance of the prosecutor's house, carrying a bag between them which they dropped when they saw liim, and ran away. He gave chase, and came up to Edmunds, who fell, but O'Brien got away. Edmunds, who knew the con stable, mentioned O'Brien by name. Oliver said, " We will go back and see what's in tlie bag you've dropped." Ed munds got up as if to go, but suddenly ran off, and the constable knowing him well did not pursue him, but picked up the bag, which contained Mr. Winter's three fowls. The same day the prisoners were arrested. O'Brien mentioned to a policeman that, hearing there was a war rant against him, he had come into Sand ridge to give himself up. Constable Oliver | unhesitatingly stated that he bad a good j opportunity of seeing both the prisoners, 1 and could identify them confidently. Mr. Read, who appeared for the defence, called John Wardell, a carpenter, residing at 20, Little Lonsdale-street, who stated that on on Friday, the 24tli ultimo, the prisoner O'Brien went to bed in his house at 10 o'clock, that he saw him there at 12.20 a.m. on the 25th, and called him to get lip to his work at 5.30 a.m. Jeremiah Macdonald, who lodged in the house, corroborated the evidence. Mr. Butler, P.M., remarked that the Bench was sa tisfied that it was a case of mistaken identity as regarded O'Brien, and or dered his discharge. The other prisoner gave a very lame explanation of his meet ing with Constable Oliver, and stated that neither he nor his companion, who, he said, was not O'Brien, had a bag in their possession at the time. Mr. Butler re j marked, " It seems a curious thing that a man like you should steal fowls." " Yes, your worship," replied the prisoner indig nantly ; " it's not quite come to that with ! me." " But," continued Mr. Butler, " I've not the least doubt that you took the fowls, and shall therefore sentence you to fourteen days' imprisonment." A fatal accident is mentioned by the ' Melbourne Argus' to have happened at the Deep Creek, Bulla Bulla. A girl named Johanna Egliston, aged seven years, daughter of a labourer living at Collingwood, was" stopping with her aunt at Bulla Bulla, and on Sunday went to the creek with a girl 10 years old to play. While the latter's back was turned the deceased fell into the creek, and floated down the stream. The other girl ran home and told her parents. She was too frightened to call the attention of two men to the accident, who were fishing near, but could uot see the occurrence. Her father found the deceased in some shallow water, and tried to revive her, but she was dead. The child fell iu uear the second crossing. At an inquest held by Mr. Candler, the jury returned a ver dict of accidentally drowned, and added their opinion that the crossing-place over the creek was in an unsafe condition. With reference to the recent case of suffocation in Melbourne caused by a piece of meat becoming impacted in the larynx while swallowing, Dr. M'Crea, president of the Central Board of Health, supplies (says the 'Age') the following simple means of prevention :—When the food becomes impacted in the throat so as to prevent breathing, it is almost always in the mouth of the windpipe, the first opening in the throat immediately behind the tongue; in these cases the mouth should be opened to the widest extent, and in the case of children kept open by inserting a piece of wood between the front teeth sufficiently thick to prevent biting, the two fore-fingers of any intelli gent person should then be introduced, one into each side of the mouth, and pushed over the tongue till they come in contact with the substance causing the obstruction ; the points of tlie finger or fingers should then be got under it, and the substance extracted. It will assist the operation if the tongue is grasped by another person in the folds of a towel and held out of the mouth as far as possible. There is nothing to prevent any intelli gent person adopting this simple expe dient, the mouth of the windpipe being much more easily reached than is gene rally supposed. The ' Pilot' says, of an unusual case at the Newcastle Police Court: —Richard Sadler was charged with using insulting words to his wife, Elizabeth Sadler, in Hunter-street, on the 29th ult. _ Mr. Wallace appeared for the complainant. Complainant deposed: On Wednesday, the 29th ult., I was coming up Hunter street ; I had just come from Maitland, after serving a sentence of fourteen days' imprisonment in Maitland gaol; I met defendant, who said, " How did you like your fourteen days ?" I replied, " tine !" Defendant was on his bus, driving; it was through him that I got fourteen days; he had charged me with assaulting him. To defendant: I did not come up town with the intention of giving you a " jolly ;' you are in the habit of walking arm in arm with a girl called " Rate the barber, so that I will call out to you, and get my self into trouble. Susan Coppard de posed she heard Sadler say to his wife, " What about the fourteen days; how did j you like it ?" Defendant said he was driving his omnibus when complainant called out to him, and he said to her, "mind yon don't get another fourteen days/' The Bench convicted defendant, and iuflicted a fine of 2s. fid., and 2s. fid. costs ; professional costs were ditallowed. The ' Queenslander' says :—A practice prevails at present of giving children cards for the purpose of making money collections for various objects—principally religious. This, we think, is a repre hensible custom. It cannot be whole some training for children to be thus initiated into the practice of what is neither more nor less than mendicancy. The temptation also to speculation is one which the little folks should not be ex posed to. Human nature varies very little in the different periods of life, and no business man, with any regard for his employ&' well-being, would subject them to the provocation of collecting moneys where they must be aware that there could be no check upon their receipts. On the face of it, the practice is noxious. These same children are taught to pray that they may not be de livered into tempation, and yet, in fre quent instances, the little emissaries are sent on their rounds by Sunday-school teachers, and exposed to the very evil deprecated. A gentleman, whose veracity is altogether beyond question, informs us that, within his own knowledge, cases of peculation in this connection have oc curred. Surely the resources of tuition are not so exhausted that nothing better remains to be inculcated into children's minds than the lesson how to beg. The Melbourne ' Telegraph' says :—A little girl named Collins, about six years of age, whose parents reside near the old shaft of the Sir William Don Company, would have been drowned on Saturday afternoon but for the presence of mind and pluck of a young man (Mr. J. Moore) who is employed at the Ballarat Tele graph-office. It appears (says the ' Star') that the mining shaft in question is filled with mullock within about sixteen feet of the surface, and that the upper part of the shaft is filled with stagnant water. Two little children were, it seems, playing about the shaft, and one of them —little Collins—fell in and was drowning, when young Moore, who was going to dinner at the time, ran and leaped into the hole with his clothes on, and suc ceeded in getting the child out alive. It is said that Mr. Moore not only barely succeeded in saving* the little girl's life, but that he nearly lost his own through having stuck in the sludge in the shaft when he leapt in ; but with a desperate effort he extricated himself, and, climbing up the side of the shaft, got the poor little girl out while she was in the last stage of drowning. Such a place, we need scarcely remark, ought to be filled up or fenced in. A Bendigo paper says:—Mr. Thomas Tuck, of View Place, has invented an article which, from the trials already made of it by disinterested persons, ehould prove a very desirable addition to the requirements of a household. The article in question is a patent washing boiler, which is claimed to boil any sort of clothes in twenty minutes, and with such cleanness that they do not require the use of the hands or the washing board. The idea is a very Bimple one, and has been found to answer the purpose very well. Inside the ordinary boiler is placed a smaller boiler, the bottom of which is perforated. This stands on short legs in side the larger boiler, so that when the clothes are boiling the dirt, instead of being boiled into the clothes, falls through these perforators. Mr. Tuck inteuds applying for a patent for this useful in vention. The Bowen cor. of the ' Queenslander' writes:—At the Supreme Court, a case was brought by Mr. Godfrey, a solicitor, of Cooktown, against Mr. Bailey, editor of the ' Cooktown Herald,' for libel, the damages being laid at £1000. The case was tried before a special jury, occupied two days, and resulted in a verdict for plaintiff, damages ,£30; which, as it did not, owing to certain legal reasons, carry costs, was looked upon as quite a triumph by the defendant and his friends.—Next day, M'Sherry, a carrier, belonging to Mackay, was arraigned on the charge of murdering his wife, but really was only tried for manslaughter, as it became evident early in the trial that there was not even a pretence of malice afore thought. The medical evidence, given very clearly by Dr. Horricks, of Mackay, went to prove that the arteries of the brain were diseased, and that the effusion of blood on the brain which caused death was much more probably the result of excitement, induced by intoxication, the more especially as the deceased had shortly before been suffering from low fever, than by the slight blows indicted by the accused. The jury, after being locked up for five or six hours, took this view of the case, and brought in a ver dict of " Not Guilty," which was endorsed by every one who heard the trial. Its Mackay cor. writes :—A lad named John Graham met with rather a singular accident on Thursday last, at Foulden plantation, where he was walking through the mill-house, when his foot slipped on a piece of loose board. He fell with his right leg doubled under Mm and broke his thigh. Dr. M'Burney was sent for, and set the broken limb, after which the lad was taken to the hospital. The ' Wellington Gazette' (N.S.W.) says :—We have heard of people effect ing insurances upon their lives, crops, premises, &c.;, but never before of such a curious proposal as was lately made in Wellington to one of our undertakers. A gentleman not long resident in tlie district offered to pay ten shillings a week till he died on condition of then being decently buried, no matter how soon that melan choly event took place. The undertaker refused the offer, but, as the person de sirous to insure decent burial has since left the district in good health, he is sorry he did not accept it. We cannot blame (on the contrary, must commend) the maker of the proposal, though it certainly is curious and uncommon. We can only account for it on the supposition that he did not expect to live long, and are glad that he still survives in good health to carry out the enterprise in which he was engaged. The Gundagai cor. of the Tumut jour nal writes :—During tbe past week a sin gular accident occurred at Teredatka, the estate of Mr. Joshua Bushell, near Nan gus, whereby a valuable horse lost his life. In a paddock where ploughing bad com menced, and at the time a plough was standing idle in the furrow, several horses, as is their manner wont at this particular season, were amusing themselves by rac ing and chasing each other; suddenly they started up the furrow in the rear of the plough, the foremost precipitating himself upon the implement, and receiv ing the wooden handle in the chest. The force of his speed drove the plough a foot into the solid ground, throwing him a complete summersault, the handle of the iron cross bar penetrating his interior. The internal injuries must have been 1 frightful; death was almost instantan eous. The London cor. of the ' Australasian* writes :—Several well-known colonists from New South Wales and Victoria have lately made some good purchases. Last month Sir. W. J. Dangar, in conjunction with Mr. Miller, shipped, in the Tweed, eight coaching, roadster, and agricultural horses, of the Clydesdale and Suffolk breeds. Mr. Dangar is now about ship ping some others, including an Arab of very high caste, procured at great ex pense from Syria. He is of the " Hedele" breed, a beautiful brown colour, and though under three years, is already 15 hands high, with great bone. Judges are of the opinion that when he reaches to six or seven years, at which age tha Arab is developed, he will be a grand horse, and must do Mr. Dangar and tha colony good service. I hope his venture will be well supported. Accompanying him probably will be two or three Arab mares, so difficult to procure, and soma young stock from the studs of Messrs. Gee and Blenkiron and others. LaBt week the fine ship Allenshaw sailed with eight valuable stallions and thoroughbred young mares, also from the studs of Messrs. Gee, Blenkiron, Rothschild, aud Batthyany. Seven of these are the property of Mr. J. P. Rowe, and one of Mr. J. G. Dougharty, two well-known Victorian colonists, and include the well bred Vasco di Gama, Hughenden (own brother to the colt sold last month at Newmarket for 2400 guineas), and a splendid Victorian colt out of Letty West. The fillies are by Typhosus, King of the Forest, and Citadel. An other shipment will shortly be made to Victoria by Mr. Finlay, consisting of King Cole, brother to King Lud, sold at 6000 guineas, and Bethnal Green, a very well-bred horse, as well as some mares and yearling fillies by Lord Clifden. I hear that these and other gentlemen from the colonies are still on the look-out for suitable animals, but the competition is so keen from foreign and even English buyers, who do not like to see their best blood going from them, that they find trouble in procuring the stock they require. The ' Burrangong Argus' says :—A few months ago the presence of galena (sul phide of lead) was discovered on a farm between Bowning and Yass, and since then overtures for the purchase of the ground has been made by some Sydney speculators. The vendor's terms were closed with a few days ago, and the work will be commenced in about a couple of months. The purchase includes a good scope of agricultural land, the re-disposal of which will reduce the cost of the mine. A Melbourne assay of the ore proves it to have a somewhat lower percentage of sil ver than that at Mylora, but still highly payable. There is one distinguishing fea ture in the proprietorship of both these mines—that private enterprise will work them, and that they will not be floated for public speculation. 