Tolograma from tho Courier. Warwick, October 8.— Tho quantity of tin ore received at tho railway station during tho week for despatch to Brisbane amounts to I4G tons fiewt. lqr. 201bs. Marxrohocuh, Octobor 8.— Tbo criminal sittiogs of tho District Court were closed, to-day. Fruocis Willis, charged with uttcriDg a forged order for tho delivery «of a raft, was Rcntenccd to nino months' imprisonment; M'Britnoy, for assault, to two months' im prisonment; Derrick, for horsestealing, to eighteen months imprisonment; Hector MLean, for larceny, to six months' im- nrisonment. In tho case of Pegg, charged with horso-stealing, tho jury disagreed. Fisher, Into secretary ok»tho Co- oporutivo Society, charged with embezzlement, was sontcnced to six months' imprisonment, but without bard labor, io consideration of bis age. Tbo Hon. H. E. King arrived hero from Gympio to-day. Cooktown, October G.— Tho Fyen, s., has left for Hongkong, with 430 Chinamen and 10,000 ounces of gold. The E. and A. Co.'s steamship Brisbaoo takes 400 Chineso and a large amount of gold, but tbo exact quantity is not yot ascertainable Ia conscquenco ofa glut and tbo advanced price of bay and maize, the valuo of horses is receding. Rockiumpton, Soptombor 9.— Henry Cargill and Thomas Spanning, charged with forging a telagram from Bowoo to tbo mana ger of tho Rockharopton branch of tho Aus tralian Joint Stock Bank, have been son- tonccd by His Honor Sir James Cockle, C. J,, tho former to eighteen months' aud tho latter to twelve months' imprisonment, both with bard labor Tho case lias occu pied tbo Court from Tuesday last until this morning. Tho weather is very dry but cool. Sydney, October 8. — Great discontent > has arisen at Moama iu consequence) of tho refusal of tho Customs officials to nccopt the duty toodcrcd there. French, a clerk in tho Treasury, who shot himself a short time since, died to-day from tho effects of another wound, indicted last Friday. Tho Minister for Works, replying to a deputation, expressed his'opiniou in favour of tho oxtonsion of tho railway to lllawarra. Reports current, in reference to tho storage of damaged gunpowder in Syduoy, provo unfounded. Tho Government steamer Thetis is to be handed over to tho Marine Board ncxtmontb for Pilot servico ot Port Jackson Heads. An offonsivo circular issued by tho Labor ing Men's Union has boon withdrawn. A largo sailing boat was soen to enpsizo nnd foundered, outsido tho Heads to-day. A fishing boat wan in tho vicinity at tho time, but, in conscquenco of tho squall, could not render any assistance. Two men havo beon seriously injured by a cliargo at the GotdoQ Point mino noar Orauga. Snilod : Bowen and Egmont, stenmors, for Brtsbano. The departure of the Edina s., for Bris bane, has been postponed uutil to-morrow afternoon. Sydney, October 9.— A lottor to tbo S. M. Ilerald from Doctor Bonnctt, giving tho experiences of Professor D'Albcrti, the Italian naturalist, dicountouances tho general cstimato of tho value of Now Guinea for tho purposo of t'rado. At a largo public mooting, hold last night, resolutions wcro passed in favor of tbo local manufacture of rolling stock for tho requirements of tho Government rail- ways nud iiouwork for bridgos. Tho investigation into Treovo's affairs promises startling disclosures. Tho quarter's rovonuo shows a dccroaso of £125,000 on tho corresponding quartor of instyenr, ono-fourth of tho reduction being attributed to tho expiration of tho Stamp Duties Act. Messrs. Lano, Ghostor, nnd Co., ship chandlers, havo filed thoir schcdulo, with liabilities' £18,000, and assets oxcceding £1G,000. Largo bush'fires are reported as raging in tho Bluo Mountains and on tho Murrum- bidgee. Sailed : Edinn, s., for Brisbane $ Dugong, sohooner, for Wido Bay. Arrived: Singapore a., from Brisbane, at noon. Melbourne, Octobor 8.— A torchlight procession is to bo hold ia favor of tho i Government to-morrow (Saturday) olgbt. The country dolegatcs aro asking for tho ordinary fares by railway to be reduced to oxcursiou ratos. Tbo convict, Wccchurob, has mado another attack on a warder of tho gaol at Pcntridgo, but tho injury inflicted is not vory serious. The refusal of tho Government to licenso tho Town Hall for Piston's performances has caused much commont, tho theatrical managers having protestod ogainst such a courso. Melbourne, Ootober 9.— At tho Hunt Club meeting, hold Nat Flcraington, this afternoon, thoro was a fair attendance. The Hurdle Raco : Roland, 1 ; Doleful, 2 ; nnd Gaffer Grey, 3. Tbo Stoeplochnse : Vulcan, 1; Prior, 2 ; and Slapbang, 3. We arc desired to remind the members of the Toowoomba School of Arts that it has been considered prudent to fix the hour for the holding of the annual meeting to-morrow (Wednesday) evening at seven o'clock in place of eight o'clock, as originally agreed upon. This arrangement has been conio to to allow of members attending tbe Rev. Mr. Clark's lecture. Mil Angus Mackay, who received a numerously signed requisition to stand for the Logan electorate, has bod to decline tbe intended honor, as the Attorney General has decided that in Mr, Mackay's position of Philadelphia Commissioner, he holds a place of profit under the Crown, and is therefore dis qualified. Air. F. Shaw, of Cobb and Co., and Mr. Ernest White, ore at present the only declared candidates. Senior-Constable M'Oartuy, who has been for many years in Drayton, and lately has acted as Clerk of Petty Sessions, has been removed to the town of Allora to fill the same position in that town that he has filled at Drayton. Although the removal of Mr. M'Carthy is to be regarded in tho light of promotion, wc cannot but express our regret that he lias been removed from Drayton. lie was always a painstaking diligent officer, and one who performed liis duty unffincliingly and with impartiality. He carries with him the respect of those who have known him for years, and who, knowing the difficulties of bis position, aro best able to bear testimony to the excellent manner he performed the duties of his office. The Rev. Charles Clark delivers his first lecture to-morrow (Wednesday) evening at eight o'clock iu the Assembly Room, on 44 The Tower of London." We notice from the Brisbane papers that the rev. gentleman has been eo unwell as to necessitate a dis continuance of his lectures in the city, but wc hope the invigorating breezes of the Downs will restore him to his woutcd health aud vigour. This morning, the land proclaimed opcu for selection as Homesteads, on the Eton Vale, Wastbrok, aud Clifton resumptions will bo selected at the Toowoomba Land Office. All applicants ore desired to be at the Office at nine o'clock. That there will be a great rush for the Wcstbrook nnd Eton Yale land is from the Hunter River, from tho borders of New South Wales, aud from tho Stanthorpc tin mines. The local applicants are also very numerous, so that the ecene at the Land Office this morning promises to he one of a most unusual character. The immigrant ship, Isles of the South, from London, arrived nt the Bar on Wed nesday evening, after a passage of 112 days from Gravcscnd. She brings an addition to our shores of 348 souls, of whom 16 arc full- paying, 123 assisted, 135 free, and 41 remit tance passengers. Their nationalities are described as follows;— 199 English, G Scotch, 139 Irish, nnd 4 others. 38 males and 41 females are married. Thcro are 143 single women and 70 single men, and 29 male nnd 27 female children. Domestic servants number 07 ; farm laborers, 87 ; other laborers, 19 ; gordoncr, 1 ; miners, 12 ; shoemaker, 1 ; blacksmiths, 3 ; tailor, 1 ; engineers nnd fitters, G ; painter, 1 ; carpenters, 0 ; and others, 9. The immigrants arc under tbe charge of Dr. Young, as Surgeon-superin tendent, and Mrs. Rainbow, ns Matron. As our Emu Creek correspondent remarks, if the farmers had had tho chosing of the intervals of. rain for this senson of the year, they could not have chosen more appropriate occasions for it than nature hns blessed them with for the last few days. On Sunday a lUUUUfcinivilU IVll IU IUU MLIUIUUUU, accompanied with rather largo hail stones, but the rain was seasonable, and the addi tional showers of yesterday will still further assist the growing crops. From all parts of the district we learn that on no previous sen- son have the crops given greater promise of an abundant harvest than they do at the pre sent time., We learn there are nt tho immigration depot, in Margaret-street, two married couples, two single men nnd ono boy, ex Ren frewshire, awaiting engagements. We regret (says tho Warwick Examiner .and Times of Saturday), to state that thcro is a greater amount of sickness in this town and district just now tbau wc remember for a loug time past. Funerals are of frequent occurrence, one and sometimes two of theso melauchoiy'processlons having wended their way to the cemetery on every day during tho past week. The deaths have been principally amongst children. One of the most sudden is that of tho only daughter of Air. Jarrctt, of Canning Downs, who was cut down after two or thrco days' illness at the early ago of eleven years. She returned home from her week's schooling on Fridny evening last in good health, and remained so for the following day or two. On Thursday, how ever, she was dead, and before a week had elapsed from her going home from a school, her body was consigned to tho grave. A Spelling Bee Dialogue.— The greatest malady which infests the town of Young nt present (says the Chronicle ) is termed by some as epelling-ou-tkc-brnin. Nomatter what subject is introduced, whether political, legal, or religious, spell this word or that word i the predominant feature. The following dialogue or 44 open air boo" took place at a certain corner of one of our streets one night during the week Larrikin Ex- araiucr : 14 Spell carrot." Pupil No. I ; 14 Corret." Examiner : 44 No." Pupil No. 2 : 44 Carol 1" Examiner : "You're wrong also." Both pupils together : Carrit 1" Examiner : 44 No; you are both a long way off. The proper way is 4Kar-rottl'" Pupils and crowd quite satisfied ; 41 Ob, ye s ; so it is I' Our reporter left then, A veuy unfortunate occurrence happened (says tho Dalby Herald ) at Bell's Creek, near Jimbour Woolshcd, on tho night of Thursday, September 30. Mr. P. Milwrick, from Quilbury, ontho Worrcgo, was bringing out a number of valuable marcs arid several fine colts and fillies, the progeny of 'the celebrated horse Attila, en route for Too woomba. Ho hod arrived at tho Creek, and, at the same time, a man in charge of a num ber of South Sea Islanders, bound for tbe Ifon. Gordon Sandcmon's station, Buronda, had reached the same place. They camped there, and during the night nn entire horse, which was in possession of the other party, got among Mr. Muwnck a stock, anu bit anu worried several of the marcs, and young animals. Mr. Milwrick was not aware .of the injury his herd had sustained until the morning, several hours after the other party bad left. Ono fine colt, only a few days old, by' Attila, dam Mouramcrie, tbe property of Mr. Samuel Stuart, of Mitchell Downs, engaged in the Mares' and SircV Produce Stakes, Brisbane, 1878, was so seriously in jured thnt. ho died on Saturday morning. Several of the others received severe injuries. The correspondent of the £. M . Herald, writing from Maitland, says that tho last flood waters having receded very slowly , largo portions of rich land havo remained uncultivated, and thus the scasoo may be looked upon as a backward ono in many re spects. Ndw, however, farmers nro busiiy ongngod in making up for lost time, while the fow showers with which they have been recently favored havo done much good to the lucerne and potatoes which had been previously sown. A largo area this year will bo put under mnizo. There was lately (says 44 iEglcs" in tho Australasian) an advertisement in the news papers for a clerk required by a banking establishment. Amongst tho applicants was one who was accorded an interview. He was told that the salary was £1 per week, bat, as a guarantee of good conduct and fidelity, the bank would require a deposit of £500, either from him or 'his friends. The Guarantee 8oeicty was suggested to the bank manager, but he' said he didn't core for guarantee societies — they sometimes objected, and gave trouble— no, nothing would do but £500 cash. The uncle of the youth was quite ready to inako the deposit until he heard the name of the bank. At that point he stopped. 'Now this I think, is a novel as well as an enterprising way of increasing a bank's money resources. To prevent misapprehension, I may say that this banking institution ia not one of the banks of issue, and that its place of business in neither in Collin-strcet, nor in Little Collins-street, nor yet in Quccn-slrcct. I don't core to be more particular. The death of Mr. T. Macready is reported in the Fiji Times. He was singularly re markable for his enormous size, being twenty- eight stone in weight on the day of his death.' His coffin could not bo be placed in the hearse, and it required fourteen strong men to carry it from the house. For many years Mr. Macready had never lain down, always takou his rest in a sitting posture. Ho was only forty-eight years of age, and his death was from affection of the heart Mb. Gladstone on the Church.— In a letter addressed to Mr. Eubnlc-Erans, ivith reference to certain reforms in the Church of Euglnnd suggested by that gentleman in a paper contributed to a leading periodical, Mr. Gladstone writes " I cannot decline your invitation on the ground that the sub- jeet of your interesting, able, and incisive paper is foreign to my thoughts. But 1 admit ray inability to treat it even inade quately. In your strictures I find much truth (forgive mc if I add), with somo ex aggeration. As regards tho intellectual quality of the clergy, I think the most marked want is the want of great men as lcadcr«. 1 admit that the church is losing ground in this respect relatively to tho lay mind of tho country; but when I look to moral tone, if nobleness is repelled from Holy Orders, t know not where it takes refuge. There is far more of it, ns well as of bounty, devotion, and solf- sncriticc, among the clergy, out of all sight, than among the laity. In writing this, I do not presume that I am offering any solution for your pro blems. I have uono to offer. If the Estnb- lishmcnt is hard to maintain, it is harder to destroy. But I do not anticipate that reforms of it such as you desire will ever appear any where except on paper. I have no ndvnn- tngeovcryou. The Church of England was, in my view, founded not 300 hundred years ago, but in 1,800, nud I ntn pursunded there is that in her which, with Establishment or without it, will keep or find for her, great ax arc her wires and her riiis, a place nnd a name in the final record of God's dealings with mankind for their salvation." In a subsequent letter, the right lion, gentleman adds : — 44 Pray understand that I did not in tend to pass any judgment, condemnatory or otherwise, upon the reforms (in which I find much that is excellent), but only to treat tho likelihood of their adoption as matter of fnct. At a ccrtalu age the framework of institutions becomes too stiff mid stark for changes of a certain kind and extent." Sales op Imported Horses.— Mr. George Kiss sold this week, on account of Messrs. Danger, Gedye, and Co., three of tho imported horses ex Tweed, from London, at the follow ing prices Highlander, bay roadster stal lion, 1 years old, to Messrs. John M'Conncll and Co., Brisbane, for 400 guineas ; Rose- berry, a bay coaching stallion, 3 years old and Thunderbolt, a bay Clydesdale colt, 2 years old, both to Mr. Henry Rotten, for 900 guineas. The powerful coaching stallion, Wyndhmn, the Suffolk cait colt, Saltan, and the chestnut cart colt, Australian Champion, remain for sale,— S. Jf. Herald . Mr. Doyle, of a Wauma, near Forbes, says that the lambing of some of his Hocks averages about 90 percent, this year. One flock of 911 cwc3, in charge of a balf-castc named Watson and his aboriginal wife, yielded exactly 911 lambs, nil of which are remarkably strong and fat. Mr. Doyle makes a present of £5 to the person in charge of each station when the lambing is good, and says tho plan pays him well. The honor ot knighthood lias been con ferred on Mr, Samuel Wilson, M.L.O., of Victoria, as a reword for his munificence, lie gave the Melbourne University a princely donation of £30,000, employs about 300 men nil the year round, and feeds, it is said, about a hundred houseless nomads daily at his various stations. Report of patients ill Toowoomba Hospi tal for the week ending October 10th, 1875 ; — In the Hospital last report, 25 males, G femnles ; since admitted, 3 males, 2 females ; discharged, 5 males, 1 female; died (Mary Brown), 1 ; remaining in Hospital 23 males, G females ; receiving outdoor medical relief, 0 adults. Dr. Armstrong will be the visiting surgeon for next week, The Hospital Com- miitcc have to thank S. P. Bailey, Esq., J.P., for his usual file of Sydney papers, aud Mrs. J. T. White, for a bundle of old linen— also, a bag of vegetables from Mr. Denis M'Carthy, of tbe Middle Ridge, for the use of the patients. 