VASSE. A public dinner was given to His Excellency Governor Weld on the evening of his arrival at the Vasse. It was attended by some 28 of the principal settlers. The harvest, activity of the timber trade, and sickness, prevented the at- tendance of many others. The dinner, which took place at the Vasse Hotel, was all that could be wished ; the wine, especially the claret, was affair quality. The R.M. was appointed to the chair, -the guest of the evening, H.E. the Governor, on his right, supported by A. P. Bussell, J.P., R. Gale, M.L.C., and Waterloo Dawson : the Hon. F. P. Barlee, W. R. Bun- bury, J.P., J. Cookworthy, J.P., and J. C. Rossellotty, Esq., the vice chairman, and Rev. H. W. Brown, B.A. Among other notabilities we observed Mr. Eldridge, present manager of the W. A. T. Company, George. Simpson, late manager, Messrs. Yelverton, Layman, Abbey, Dawson, Scott, Capt. Hislop, Capt. Munday, and R. Lockhart. After the dinner the chair man read the address ; the usual patriotic toasts of the Queen and Royal family followed. The Chairman, in proposing the health of H. E. the Governor, remarked at some length on the subjects contained in the address, more especially as to the concessions granted to the W. A. Timber Company by His.Excellency ; he stated that some 20,000 acres of land had been conceded to the company, who had sold the land at a reduced price to settlers of long stand- ing ; it had benefited those settlers; and after lying idle for 40 years, became utilized, and the company, in return, had spent £40,000 in the colony. The Ballarat industry had led to the introduction of other companies and the revival of old ones. These industries were now fulfilling the prophetic words of Earl Grey, made 35 years ago-that the noble jarrah forrests of Western Australia would nome day lead to a large and important export trade from West Australia. The chairman re marked that the Vasse was never so busy or prospering as at the present time, the payments made by the W. A. Timber Company alone amounting to some £500 to £700 per month. The fault found with and the accusations made against the Government for granting these concessions were monstrous and contemptible. Alluding to the telegraph throughout the colony and to the world, it was scarcely credited that any man of sound feeling or enterprise could be found to throw obstacles in the way of such a work. The veteran settlers had been too long separated from the fatherland. Allud- ing to the railway at Champion Bay, the chair- man paid a well-merited compliment to the merchants and settlers who had suffered so much and so patiently from the effects of the red rust. After alluding to the prosperous state of the Vasse School, the chairman re- marked on the utility of the steamer, advising parties journeying overland to make their wills before leaving Albany. Speaking of the efficiency of the volunteers, he laid claim for Mr. Couchman and himself being the promoters of the first volunteering in the colony. With a few remarks on the gene- ral improved state of the colony, the extremely liberal concessions through His Excellency's instrumentality, to the colony, in the shape of convict recónvictions for the next ten years, he -?concluded by asking «those present if they be« lie ved in the truth of the address, if they believed in His Excellency's measures, if they wished him much happiness, and a prosperous trip to his new governorship in Tasmania, to give him such marks of approval as Britons alone could give. Cheer after cheer was the response. H.E. immediately rose and warmly thanked the meeting for the kind reception given to him, and the appreciation of his endeavours to progress of the colony. Previous to leaving England he had been informed by persons high in office that the colony must advance or speedily collapse, and he found red rust carry- ing depression and ruin throughout the land. His Exaellency, alluding to his operations in New Zealand, urged self-reliance and energy. After dilating at some length and in feeling terms on the general and great advance the colony was making, and its increasing revenue, he proposed sucoess to the Susses District and its settlers, and concluded by wishing them farewell. Mr. Harris again called for brim- ming glasses, and proposed the health of the Hon. the Colonial Secretary. He remarked, he (Mr. Barlee) had been kuown for good or for evil, in the colony sosome said, for the past l8 years ; had beeu so often feted and toasted that a few words only from him were necessary. He said that Mr. Barlee s experience and ability must have been of great advantage to His Ex- cellency. Taking a survey of Mr.' Barlee, not a doubt existed that he would be our first premier, and not a doubt exists that it would take a powerful opponent to overthrow him. After a few more remarks, he said he had ob- served Mr. Bailee's attention to the widows and orphans ; he had seen his kind attention to the sick invalids in the various depots, and he also observed that his friends in Council con- sidered him a little too fast or hasty, but that he considered that Mr. Barlee's temper was something like the flint and steel, which bears a hasty spark, and instantly is cool again. Reiterated cheers followed this toast. Mr. Barbe, in reply, said he felt the cordial reception that had been given to the toast, that as to good or evil, he could only say that he had cordially agreed with His Excellency's views for the past 5 years in this colony ; and that he was losing a personal friend. After al- luding to the changes that would shortly take place in the colony, he dilated at some length on His Excellency's untiring anxiety to bene- fit the colony and all classes of its inhabitants. Mr. Barlee's speech was warmly received by all present. The Governor then proposed the health of the Chairman, J. S. Hamersley, Esq., and the Vice Chairman, the Rev. Mr. Brown, which was responded to in a kind and feeling manner. The party then separated, well pleased with the opportunity afforded them of showing a last mark of attention and respect to His Ex- cellency Governor Weld. On the following morning a number of ladies and gentlemen were received by His Excellency. Several of the gentlemen accompanied him a few miles on the road. Such has been the last meeting hetween the Governor and the settlers of the Vasse. The following is the address presented to His Excellency : To His Excellency Frederick Aloysius Weld, Esquire, Governor and Com mander- in-Chief of the Colony ot Western Australia and its dependencies. MAY IT PLEASE YOUR EXCELLENCY, We, the undersigned magistrates, landed proprietors, and settlers of the Sussex district, feel we should be wanting in the qualities of justice and gratitude were we not to express in warra and kindly terms before your departure from these shores our high sense of the benefits you have conferred upon this colouy during your official career as the Representative of Her Majesty the Queen. On your arrival, and for some years after your advent, this colony was ia a most de- pressed state, caused in some degree by the decreased value of wool, by decreasing Imperial expenditure, and lastly, hythe appearance of red rust in our cereals, which for several years carried its blighting iufluence over every district in the colony. Undismayed by these trials, we have, 'under your Excellency's pacific and liberal policy, with God's blessing, emerged from our difficulties. We are indebted to you, Sir, for tke permanent advancejin our timber industries so important to this district, and to the colony' and we approve of the concessions granted to ensure its first start and final success. We recognize with satisfaction the measures adopted to develope the mineral wealth of the Champion Bay district, thus aiding the long suffer-ing but untiring energy of the merchants and settlers on the rich agricultural soils of the irwin and Greenough Rivers. We acknowledge the great benefit which might be conferred on us by the introduction of steam on our coasts j and although owing to our late severe winter, and the nature of our winds, it has not been a perfect success hither- to we feel hopeful that its enterprising owners will surmount these difficulties, and that the Georgette, or rather a more efficient vessel in its place, will be a blessing to the traveller, and tend to the expansion of our coasting trade. We acknowledge improvements in our Land Regulations ; we thank your Excellency tor the measures adopted for the survey of our coast and harbors, and tor the improvements of our jetties; also for the extension of our telegraph lines to every district in the colony, and, although not without opposition, connect iug by the same means this colony, so long isolated from the neighbouring provinces, and with the whole civilized world. We are aware that your Excellency has benefited this colony by obtaining concessions granted from Imperial funds connected with convict expenditure. We cordially approve the measures you adopted in sending our active and talented Colonial Secretary to represent this colony at the Intercolonial Conference at Sydney. The success of the Volunteer Corps, under your support, has led to pleasing resalts. The interest you have taken in all departments of justice and equity is well known. Your urbanity and eourtesy to ali classes of our community has been felt and appreciated, and we thank you, Sir, for the kindly manner in which you have associated yourself with our amusements, interests, and the aid you have afforded our public institutions and schools. It is, Sir, with feelings of the utmost regret that we lose you in the midst of your career of utility and progress, and we heartily wish your Excellency, Mrs. Weld, and family, a happy and pleasing home amongst the people of the beautiful island of Tasmania, for your acts and deeds will leave in Western Australia pleasing reminiscences of your sojourn amongst us. Committee of Management-J. Cookworthy, J.P. ; William Eldridge, Manager W.A.T.C.; George Simpson, Late Do. ; J. S. Harris, R.M.; Rev. W.: H. Brown; Dr. Bo3sellotty; Henry Yelverton, senior; H. Yelverton, junr. *? - CHRISTMAS DAY,-It is needless to say that Christmas Day was well kept in Perth. Of course it was observed as a holiday, and the real holiday spirit had evidently taken hold of the people. The generous and ,beneficent sentiments which the season is calculated to arouse were displayed with genuine heartiness; and let us hope that many a poverty stricken or lonely heart was cheered by the kindly sympathies and feelings which the merry Christmas-tide excites. Christmas Day is, of course, a social and domestic holiday, and we therefore have little to do in recording public celebrations of the day. Although a few of these public or semi-public demonstrations took place, the holiday engagements were principally confined to social parties in their I homes or out of doors. Many a happy family I reunion was held, and many a joyous social party took place, but with these we have ' nothing to do further than to express a hope i that at each and all of these gatherings the day proved to be one of unalloyed pleasure l and happiness, Keligious services were held in the several places of worship. STEALING FRUIT.-A boy named William Jones, about fourteen years of age, was brought up before Mr. Landor, P.M., a day or two ago, charged by Mr. Frank Lawrence with stealing almonds from his garden. It appears the young rogue was caught in flagrante delicio, and there was no defence attempted to be set up. His Worship addressing the youthful de- linquent, who, apparently, felt his degrading position very keenly, said he had rendered him- self liable to be imprisoned for a terna of six months, but he felt a reluctance to pass such a sentence upon a lad of his tender age, rendering him open, as it would, to the contaminating influence of hardened criminals. Nevertheless, he could not allow him to escape scot-free. The fruit season was at hand, and no doubt other youngsters of his stamp would be tempted to assist themselves to other people's property in the same manner; and although in the present instance-the young culprit manifes- ting evident signs of contrition, and his father promising to keep a stricter guard over him he should only inflict a penalty of 5s., he would visit the next delinquent brought before him much more severely. The fine was paid by the father. THE PERILS OF THE SEASON.-Summer has come upon us in full force, and ic behoves us to conform to the conditions of a sometimes tropical temperature as we best may. All of us who have had much experience of Austra- lian summers know that a season of intense heat brings with it or her trials and dangers than those which are met simply by patient endurance of a very high thermometer. Pro- minent among these are the dangers of sun- stroke, to* which we desire to offer a few words of caution. Sunstroke is best guarded by preventive measures, and, fortunately, these are simple and ready to hand. It is in the power of everyone to wear some rational cover- ing for the head that will lightly, and still completely, cover that part of the body, and also the back of the head. Light, loosely fitting clothing should also be adopted as far as possible. Houses and rooms should be fully, and carefully, ventilated, care being had to the necessity, while admitting the cool air, of ex- cluding the sunlight as much as possible, and also of shutting out the hot winds. PERJURY.--The crime of perjury, in various degrees of enormity, continues to haunt our police courts. The most recent case is that of a man named Bishop, who gave evidence for the defence in the appeal case Moöormish v, Cockram- having reference to a conviction for sly-grog-selling. His Honor the Acting Chief Justice, it will be remembered, at the conclusion of the appeal case ordered this witness to be indicted on a charge of perjury, and he was accordingly summoned to appear before the Police Magistrate in answer to the charge, which he did last week. The Crown Solicitor, who appeared for the prosecution, asked for an adjournment, as he was instructed that undue influence was at work, and any enquiry at the present might frustrate the end? of justice. The case was thereupon remanded for a week. BUSH FIRES--We hear of several bush fires taking place in various up-country districts. Not many daya ago a very disastrous one oc- curred at York, on Mr. Draper's farm, whereby a very large quantity of hay was destroyed, ' and other valuable property was much en- dangered. The origin of the fire is unknown. Surely some, if not most, of these bush-fires could be guarded against if persons travelling through the country only displayed a little more care in their doings. Such weather as this we have been experiencing lately, by its intensely dessicattng influence, converts every« thing that is combustible into nearly the con» dition of tinder. All that is wanted is a convenient spark, and everything is ready for its reception. Against such a danger, which is . greatly augmented by the dry winds now so often blowing, the only safeguard is incessant watchfulness, whereas in the place of this we too often find reckless indifference. Many of our travelling bullock-drivers think nothing of lighting a fire by a dry log, and going away leaving it in a state of ignition, perhaps to smoulder for days, perhaps to be fanned to a blaze by a hot wind, and to scatter ruin over many a homestead. Nearly the whole of summer is yet before us to get through, and it is surely not asking travellers of all kinds too much to be careful where and how they kindle fires, and at the same time to enjoin upon them the advisability of extinguishing the embers when these fires have served their purpose. POLICE VIGILANCE.-We have made some inquiries as to whether there were any articles besides the chest of tea missing from the pro« perty that was hurriedly removed, from Mr. Bireh's shop on the occasion of the late fire, and we learn that so general was the feeling of honor amongst those who handled the goods, or so vigilant were the police and Mr. Birch's own personal friends, that there are no grounds for supposing that any instance of pilfering oc- curred beyond that already reported-a chest of tea, the greater of the contents of which was subsequently recovered. ON Tuesday evening our Chief Justice, Sir Archibald Paull Burt, gave an entertainment to his friends on his return to the colony. Not- withstanding recent domestic afflictions in some families, the absence of the Governor and Colonial Secretary, above 100 persons enjoyed the liberal hospitality provided for them, the dancing was kept up till a late hour. 