News of the Week The Postmaster-General informs us that the R.M.S. Bangalore left Galle for Australia at 6 p.m. on December 16. Tuesday, December 26, as well as Wed nesday, December 27, is declared a Bank holiday. Mr. and Mrs. John H. Angas have given the handsome sum of £500 to the funds of the proposed Children's Hospital. Dr. Hamilton has been appointed medical officer at the 'Wallaroo Casualty Hospital, in place of Dr. Sholl, deceased. T_ Mr. A. K. Moore, son of Dr. Moore, has been appointed land office clerk and junior surveyor in the Northern Territory. The immigrants per Duntrune having all left the vessel, she has been taken alongside the Queen's Wharf for discharge of cargo. The Ocean Gem has sailed from Mon treal for Melbourne and Sydney with a cargo of Canadian products and manufactures. We understand that Mr. Geo. Oughton has been appointed organist at the Unitarian Church in this city. We hear that Mr. R. B. Smith, J.P., has purchased for a private residence a two-story house abutting on the beach at Brighton, which Mr. Tompkins had built for a hotel. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the Kapunda Hospital, which, as we have already stated, is to be performed by Mr. H. T. Morris, J.P., is to take place on Tuesday, January 9. . J The residents of Yarrowie have raised ! £100 towards the erection of a schoolhouse at that place, and that amount has been forwarded to the Council of Education, who will probably soon call for tenders for the building. We are informed by Mr. J. L. Parsons, treasurer, that Mr. E. B. Smith, J.P., has given £500, and that Mr. Thomas Magarey, J.P., has promised £100 towards the funds of the Chil dren's Hospital. The Sydney Morning Herald states that Sir Hercules Hobinson and the other members of the vice-regal party performed the journey I from Wagga Wagga to Sydney, a distance of j over 300 miles — about 100 miles of which were ' performed by coach— in about 24 hours. As an instance of the intense heat duriBg the past week, we notice (says the Wallaroo Times) that between Penang and Kadina, nearly all the trees are thoroughly burnt up by the sun, and nothing but dry branches remain. We have received from Messrs. Cullen and 'Wigley a printed copy of the petitioa, with over 7,000 signatures, for the release of Mr. W. V. Smith. The names are alphabetically ar- ranged, and include those of persons of all classes in the community. We hear th at the Government intend to call for competitive designs for offices for the public works and lands titles departments, which it is proposed to erect on the recently purchased acre of land on the east side of Victoria-square. The sum paid for the land was £6,300. A private letter by the last English mail states that Mr. Alfred West, of Bray, Ireland, has saved two lives of the drowning crew of the ship Leona, at great risk of life, as there was a very heavy sea on, and the tide running fast. This gentleman is brother to Mr. Frederick West of this city. During the great heat of Thursday, December 14, a valuable heifer belonging to Mr. Cameron, of Queenstown, which was in a paddock near his house, died from the effects of a sunstroke. Mrs. Cameron had supplied it with water shortly before the occurrence. It is stated in the Kapunda paper that a Government party are now engaged in the neighborhood of Hansborough, under the direc tion of Mr. Griffiths, sinking experimental shafts at various places with a view of obtain ing a permanent supply of water for the railway j men. The following memorandum, received from, the stationmaster at Robe, has been for warded to us by the Superintendent of Tele graphs (Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G.) :— Highest temperature in the shade from 10th to 15th inst., inclusive, respectively, 71*2, 71, 51-5, 87, £9, 91, thermometers exposed in same manner as at Adelaide Observatory.' For some weeks past Mr. Poter, from Adelaide, has been busy (writes the Kingston correspondent of the Narracoorte Herald) and has now nearly completed strengthening our jetty and rendering it fit for heavy traffic. The rails on one side have been lifted and relaid to a 3 feet 6 inch gauge, so as to meet the rails on the railway. The Government have just purchased the vacant acre of land at the corner of Victoria square and Wakefield-street. The price paid shows that land in the heart of the city is Becoming very valuable. At the present time the Government are paying as office rent suffi cient to meet the interest on an outlay in build ings of something like £10,000. Mr. H. T. Morris, J.P., is to lay the foundation-stone of the Hospital to be erected at Kapunda on the 7th of next month. Con nected with the ceremony, there is to be quite an imposing demonstration, in which the Free masons and the various friendly societies are to take part The Ministry and a number of members of Parliament have received invi tations to be present on the occasion. The mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. D. Bower, 31.1'.) has received an intimation from the Government to the effect that the Engineer of Harbors and Jetties has been instructed to proceed v,;ith the erection of the necessary ap proaches on both sides of the Port Creek, for the propoEed ferry between the Port and the Peninsula. The schooner Louise, on her way from Port Augusta, when off the Wedge Island, was caught by the squall which proved so disas trous to the Postboy on Friday last. The master anticipating the change of wind, had made preparations for it, but notwithstanding every care, some damage was done both to the vessel and her cargo. The memorial to His Excellency the Governor in favor of Mr. W. Villeneuve Smith's release from gaol was presented on Saturday December 16. It contained 7,339 signatures trom the general public, including those of 12 members of Parliament, 43 magistrates, and a large number of nrofessiona] -rantlom,»n * separate memorial was also presented, signed by 32 of the leading members of the legal pro fession. In referring to the recent hot weather, the Kapunda Herald, of December 19, states that at Eudunda not only did the rabbits seek shelter in the haunts of men, but even the wild birds, which apparently had become stupe fied, flew into the houses of the settlers— there to fall and die. The Ministry have received a telegram from the Government of New South Wales suggesting that the conference respecting im proved telegraph communication with Europe by having duplicate cables, should be held in Sydney. The reason of this is that the New South Wales Parliament is in session. It was originally intended to hold the conference either in Melbourne or Hobart Town. Mr. Layard, Consul for New Caledonia, desires to caution English miners who go to : that colony under contract to work in copper or ' other mines, to be moie particular with regard to the terms of their contracts, and more espe cially to bring with them a duplicate copy of such contracts, signed by both parties, so that, should any difficulty arise, it may be the more ' readily solved. A number of gentlemen met at the Custom House, Wallaroo, on Saturday, Decem ber 16, to present an address to Captain W..T. Smith, of .the steamer Kangaroo, who is about to leave that, vessel to take- charge of the steamer Royal Shepherd. The address con tained expressions of regret at Captain Smith's, removal from the Wallaroo trade, testified to his ability as a seaman, and congratulated him on his promotion. Captain Smith suitably acknowledged the compliment. The last meeting of the City Council for the year 1876 was field on Monday, December 18, when the business transacted was principally of a routine character. The report of the omcers' salaries and duties committee was con sidered, and one or two alterations made in it. The city treasurer's salary was fixed at £325, and that of the inspector of vehicles, to whom an increase was refused at the meeting of the committee, was raised to £185. A motion to increase the salary of the chief sanitary in spector to £200 was negatived. No other altera tions were proposed or made. The settlers on the Broughton Extension are badly off for water, many of them having to cart it from 10 to 14 miles. The Northern Argus says: — ' Every day a number of farmers with their teams may be seen at the 13roaghton Crossing from early morning till late at night filling tanks with water for their home supply. On enquiry we were informed that as a rule each farmer was occupied two days in every week in procuring water for his homestead.' Travellers between Kalkabury and Moonta on Thursday last (says the' YorTcfs Peninsula Advertiser) inform us that they saw numbers of parrots beneath the trees that had fallen dead from the effects of the intense heat. Hundreds of birds perished in the vicinitv of covered waterholes and tanks ; and the smaller kinds, with a strong instinct of selfpreserva tion, crept into holes in. the ground, attempting to hide themselves from the intense heat of the sun. In and around Moonta also the feathered tribe suffered severely, scores of domestic fowls having yielded up the ghost during the hot weather that we had on Thursday and Friday ast. The City Council sat as a Court of Appeal on Wednesday, December 20, to hear objections against the assessment of properties in the city for 1877. There were present His Worship the Mayor, Councillors Fuller, Bickford, Conigrave, Hagedorn, Mathews, McNamara, Holland, Madge, and Downs. An apology was received from Councillor Peel for his absence. The following was the result of the proceedings : — Appeals. Confrmd. Reduced. Gawler Ward ... 7 4 3 Hindmarsh Ward 24 20 4 Grey Ward ... 20 17 3 Robe Ward ... 2 1 1 Young Ward ... 20 14 6 MacDonnell Ward 17 14 3 On Friday, December 15, the third day of the intense heat with which the northern part of the Peninsula was visited last week, there were 170 casks of water sold from the Moonta tanks. ' On that day,' says the local paper, 'we personally inspected the tanks, ascertained the quantity of water then on hand (over 500,000 gallons), and tested its quality. The latter proved excellent, and fully evi denced the possibility of procuring a good and wholesome water-supply from enclosed sites selected in suitable situations. The general stock in the district is, we fear, getting low, and the demands now made upon the reserves by the residents in the surrounding districts of Kalkabury, Penang, and Green's Plains are so great that it is questionable whether the e)w,wu gaiiuBB wiii last very long, is is most fortunate that these supplies were in existence, or ere this there would have been necessity for importing from Port Adelaide.' On Wednesday, December 6, the firgt attempt was made to work at the Geltwood. The Corio, steamer, commenced operations by laying out four anchors to serve as moorings during her stay; considerable time was thus consumed, but as the weather was favorable, it was deemed advisable to send the diver down to report on the state of the wreck, &c.; The ocean bottom where the wrecked ship is lying was found to be one mass of pinnacled rock, full of deep holes. The wreck is in a state of the greatest possible confusion, with her wire rigging, gear, and spars in one huge heap of tangled {network — very difficult for working; one side of the ship had fallen in ; the bow was broken off, and nowhere to be seen ; her anchor was lying some distance inshore, with cable attached, and the whole length of it stretched out taut to seaward. A considerable quantity of cargo, in the shape of cases and bundles of wire, was seen ; but, owing to the ocean swell increasing, the diver had to ascend before any goods could be recovered. The Edith, the Hon. T. Elder's yacht, has left her moorings off Glenelg for a short sojourn in the port. During her absence her skipper, Captain Pennington, will be busy in sending aloft the racing gear, spar-scraping, varnishing, and bending sails, with all . the thousand and one etceteras which make up the pleasure of a yachtirg-man's life. The Edith has only lately returned from a fishing excur sion to Tapley's Shoals, where snappers and sea-lawyers were discovered in abundance. Snapper soon covered the decks, some hun dreds being victimised by the sportsmen, while several sharks, one a huge light brown monster, with a email and very wicked eye, but a huge mouth, were captured with some difficulty. Our friend in the nankeen suit was towed by the craft to Glenelg, and offered to the museum, but was 'declined with thanks,' possibly be cause Mr. Waterhouse has no place now where 'little interesting specimens' can be stowed. Other yachts will follow in the Edith's wake, and receive an overhaul; and though as yet very little stir has been made with regard to sports or regattas, and the time is drawing on, it is probable that the aquatic season will shortly open with eclat. Mr. Alex. Murray, J.P., who has lately returned from Philadelphia, has shown us a number of mementoes of the Centennial Ex hibition. A 'Centennial Souvenir' contains sixteen views of exhibition buildings, &c;, the whole folding in panoramic form, within covers of a size suitable for the pocket. ' Carpenters' Hall and its Historic Memories ' is a little pamphlet of nineteen pages, published by the Carpenters' Company of Philadelphia, giving a brief and succinct account -?f its foundation and the proceedings in connection with it which led to the memorable Declaration of Independence on the Fourth of July, 1776. There are Menues of the Grand Hotel, San Francisco, the Com mercial. Chicago, and Towasend House, Salt Lake City. The two former have en gravings of the immense hotels on the outside, but the latter is embellished solely with a beehive. As specimens of news papers, there are The Press, of Philadelphia, a wen got up ana respectable paper of 12 pages, the size of the Advertiser ;'also the Salt Lake Daily Herald, a single sheet, rather larger than the Advertiser. The last article we have to mention is a neat envelope on a new plan, the only joins being at the ends, which are very neatly united. It is prepared by the Lockwood Manufacturing Company, and on it is printed a catalogue of articles exhibited by the company, viz., paper collar making machines, which turn out from 30,000 to 50,000 collars per day; envelope machines which 'run' 120 to 160 envelopes per minute; cutting and folding machines, &c.; These mementoes are all very interesting in their way. The hot weather which we have been enduring for the past few days suddenly changed on Friday afternoon, when it blew a strong gale from the southward, accompanied by a dense cloud of dust. We have not heard of any casualties arising therefrom as occurring in Adelaide, but from Port Pirie we hear of a cottage teing blown down, roofs stripped, fenciDg destroyed, and the walk of the new Wesleyan Chapel, just ready to receive the rcof, being reduced to & complete ruin. We have been informed that the roof of the Wesley an Chapel at Jtiverton was ilow off, and that a pcrticn of the roof of Mr. Suckling's house was carried away. Our informant also heard that the roof of a blacksmith's shop at Haraley Bridge was blown away. But the cata logue .of the mischief worked by the wind on Friday unfortunately does not end here. Last night we were informed by telegraph from Glenelg that the schooner Postboy had capsized in the squall about 12 .miles from -that place, and that six hands were lost. There is every reason to believe that this is the case, as the narrative of the mate, John Newman Cave, who was picked up by Sir Win. Milne's yacht the Hygeia some seven hours after the capsize, will show. ^ We may add that infor mation identical ^ith that supplied by our Glenelg correspondent was kindly furnished to us by Superintendent Peterswald. Full particulars of the catastrophe will he found in another column, telegraphed from the Sema phore by our shipping reporter, who has had an interview with the survivor. The installation of officers in connection with the United Tradesmen's Lodge (583, E.C.) took place at the Freemason's lodgeroom, Eagle Chambers, on Tuesday evening, December 19. There was a large and representative. gathering of the craft. The following officers were, in accordance with ancient custom, duly invested : -J. H. P. Hender, W.M.; S. Solomon, P.M.; L. G. Madley, S.W.; R. Rees, M.P., J.W.; D. Morris, S.D.; E. P. Nesbitt, J.D.; Rev. F. S. Poole, M.A., Chaplain ; J. Fax, Treasurer ; H. H. James, Secretary ; J. Shakespeare, Organist; and E. Hutchinson, I.G. The installation ceremony was conducted by the W.D.P.G.M., Brother H. £. Downer, S.M., in his accustomed impressive manner. During the proceedings the W.D.P.G.M., on behalf of the officers and members of the Lodge, presented a handsome gold past master's jewel to P. Master Bro. S. Solomon, and in doing so testified to the ex emplary and able manner in which the duties of the Lodge had been carried out during the year of his mastership. After closing the Lodge the brethren, at the invitation of W.M. Brother Hender, adjourned to the Clarence Hotel, where a sumptuous banquet was partaken of. Several toasts were given and responded to. The W.DJP.G.M. (Brother H. E. Downer), in proposing 'The health of W.M. Brother Hender,' alluded with much feeling to his long connection with the United Tradesmen's Lodge, and to his approaching departure. He con gratulated the Lodge upon its excellent officers and general efficient state of discipline. During the evening several songs were given, Brother Geo. Oughton presiding at the piano forte. On Wednesday evening, December 20, a meeeing of the Albion Lodge, I.O.O.F., M.U., was held at the Hotel Europe, on which occa sion a presentation consisting of an emblem was made to P.G. S. E. Cooper, who has for the past 12 months filled the offices of N.G. and G.M. of that Lodge. The presentation was made by N.G. W. Burgess, who referred in eulogistic terms to the excellent manner in which Brother Cooper had conducted the Lodge business during the past year, and to the cour tesy and forbearance which had always charac terised his rule. Brother Cooper, in acknow ledging the compliment paid to him, said he had simply endeavored to do his duty, and had throughout observed as his motto the advance ment and true interests of the Order. The ordinary Lodge business was then proceeded with. A code of by-laws which had been prepared by five of the officers of ths Lodge— N.G. Burgess, P.G. Cooper, P.G. Craigie, Assistant-Secretary A. H. Beyer, and Secretary Ellis — was presented and approved of. These by-laws were pronounced by the district officers to be the best they had seen, and the unusual course of voting a sum of money for their preparation was adopted, the Lodge wish ing in this manner to mark their approbation of the efforts of the committee. The sum so voted was charitably handed over for the relief of two distressed brothers of the Lodge. Mr. S. V. Pizey brought into Adelaide on Monday, December 18, two boxes of silkworm cocoons 'in the bush.' The boxes measure about 18 x 12 inches, and 4 inches deep, and are lightly packed with flexible twigs. The worms, when ready to spin, were placed amongst the twigs, and the boxes — which will be on view for a time in Messrs. Hackett's window, in Eundle-street — now contain between 200 and 300 cocoons each. Mr. Pizey's cocoons are very fine indeed, and are the produce from grain which was distributed two or three seasons ago by the Chamber of Manufactures. In order that the Commissioner of Public Works may be in possession of informa tion as to the actual position of the railway works which are now being prosecuted, he is furnished by the engineers in charge with daily returns, showing the number of men and horses employed, as well as the nature and quantity of the work done. These returns enable the Commissioner to see that things are proceeding as they should do. We are glad to hear that the number of new arrivals employed on these works is gradually becoming less. This we regard as a good sign, because we believe it means that the men are finding other work more congenial to their tastes. As is well known, the Glenelg Creek is the favorite resort of amateur boatmen and others, and as a rule their property is respected, but unfortunately there are exceptions to every rule, and this has recently been experienced by the owners of boats on the Glenelg Creek. Some unprincipled persons are in the habit of using boats, sails, and all the rest ot the gear, to Jwhich they have no right, for their own pleasure ; and then, instead of leaving them as found, as any man with a conscience would imagine was necessary, they leave a paddle in the mud, a rudder half-way down the river, and the sails in the scrub. It is certainly time, as mentioned before, that a stronger police force was stationed at Glenelg. Property, in spite of the absence of its owners, should be respected. The anniversary of the foundation of the colony, popularly known as the ' twenty eighth,' is always welcomed by the patriotic public : but this vear there in fiv^ro ?nrnhn.T™H*w of its being enjoyed at Glenelg- the usual place for spending it by the majority of pleasure seekers — in a far greater degree than has ever marked previous years. This is due to the efforts which are being put forth to provide a large and attractive list of amusements. In addition to its being the opening day of the Glenelg Yacht Club season, there are to be swimming matches for valable prizes, and other sports, which will be amply sufficient for the most enthusiastic amusement-seeker. At mid day a royal salute will be fired by the members of the late Adelaide Volunteer Artillery com pany. If the weather should be fine, doubtless there will be an immense concourse at the watering-place of the colony. ? : A curious circumstance is thus reported in the Wallaroo paper of December 16 : — «' On Wednesday morning, Mr. Davidson informs us, he took charge of a flock of sheep belonging to Mr. West, the shepherd being unable to leave his hut through illness. While driving them gently from the Flag Hut, they suddenly made a rush down to the beach near Warburta Point and ran into the water. After a deal of trouble Mr. Davidson got them all oat, and they pro ceeded on their journey again. In the evening, wniie raxing tnem nome, t&ey; again made for the beach, and Mr. Davidson, having no dogs with him went home to obtain assistance. On Thursday morniiig early, three men with their dogs, and himself proceeded to the beach, and after a deal of trouble managed to get the sheep all out of the water. Mr. Davidson informs us that the sheep had plenty of water to drink before starting on the Wednesday morning, so that could not have been the reason of their taking to the water. He thinks it must have been the intense heat which prevailed durinc the whole of the day.'' A case possessing considerable interest to the inhabitants of the locality was brought before Mr. Castle, S.M., at the Magistrate's Court, Strathalbyn, on Monday, December 18. Mr. Wm. Bowman, a miller, and Justice of the Peace, residing at Middleton, was charged, on the information of Mr. James Eankine, a sheep- , farmer, who is also a Justice of the Peace, ' reeidicg at Stratbalbyn, with 'having on December 6 poeted or caused to be posted ii»' Strathalbyn an insulting' letter with an anony-: mous signature.' The missive was as follows:—' ' James Bankine, Esq. Sir— If s not altogether the harmonium that has driven so many people away from our chureh,- The gentleman who went out the first Sunday it was pisiTed has been heard to say it was -hob so- prach the harmonium that, made him leave as the irasentd-fuced hussy's. Yon can judge who he meant. — Modesty.' Mr. J. it Gordon appeared for the informant, and Hr. E. J. Tucker for the defendant. Mr. Gordon, in opening the case, said the information was laid under the 80th clause of Act 5 of 1866\. He had numerous witnesses, both ex perts and those who had known the writing of the defendant for years, to prove that the letter was written by Him. Mr. Tucker1 took a pre-' liminary objection, on the ground, that the Act under which the information was laid, bad -fceeit repealed, and submitted that under these* ch- cunwtances the case should be dismissed. 'Mr. Gordon, in replying, pleaded a lapsus lingtut. ? The court upheld the objection. The informa tion was dismissed, and the informant ordered to pay costs. Mr. Gordon gave notice of appeal. A fresh information was subsequently laid. To make the matter more intelligible we may add that two relatives of Mr. Bankine sing in th© choir referred to, which is that belonging to the Presbyterian Church, Strathalbyn ; hence the insult to Mr. Bankine. . In an article on ' overcrowded habita tions,' the Kapunda Herald, in its latest issue says: — 'In Mildred-street, just above Dr. Blood's, is a small galvanized iron wheat store, in which there are no windows, no facilities for cooking, no water supply, and no outdoor accommodation. In this up to a day or two back no less than three families have been living, they not being able to obtain any better shelter. In addition to the six adults, there were nine children, one of the latter of whom has been very ill for some time past, the only wonder being not that she was ill, but that any of the inmates of sucha habita tion were well. And, in addition, we hear that one of the mothers was in a condition requiring the enjoyment of all the comforts and. conveniences of civilised life rather than putting up with the discomforts which must have attached to such overcrowding in so un suitable a dwelling, inconveniences some of which we cannot even allude to much less men tion, but which will readily suggest themselves to those of our readers who are in the enjoy ment of dwellings that secure possession of the comforts and decencies of domestic ° life.' We imagine that few of our readers will have thus early forgotten the intense heat which pre vailed last week, and in remembrance of it let them strive to picture the condition of 15 per sons — one a sick child — living in -a small' gal- vanized iron building. The gentleman who hag informed us of the facts mentioned in the preceding remarks in connection with, the wheat-store states that .at midday on Thurs day last the temperature in this modern dwell ing, as shown by an accurate thermometer, was 117?. The . coolest room in such weather, as we have recently experienced is far too hot to be pleasant ; but let those who grumble even when' in possession of all the comforts of a decent dwelling strive to realise in imagination what must have been the condition of these .families during the .ex cessive heat in such an oven as that. We might mention also that there is no water in connection with the store, and for their supply ot this most precious element the families were dependent on the kindness of the neighbors. Not very many persons knew of their condition; but of those who did we are in formed that Messrs. Trenerry, Trevaskis, and Thiem did all they could to supply the wants of the new arrivals, whilst Dr. Blood was most un remitting in his attentions to the sick child, and for the kindness shown by all these gentlemen the families express themselves very grateful. They have new succeeded in obtaining some better accommodation; but with so many new arrivals pouring in upon us, others, like them, will be only too glad to obtain even the shelter of this wheat-store rather than be entirely homeless.' Among the various improvements which; have been effected during the last few years to the Glenelg Jetty, one of the most recent has been the exchange of the old-fashioned oil and kerosine as lighting powers, for their more modern and brilliant rival, gas. For some time six ornamental lamps have been used with varying success. Sometimes burning well, again in stormy weather, when their assistance was most needed, becoming extinguished; but all difficulties in thisrespect have been surmounted, and a total eclipse is no longer possible. The mains have lately been carried on to the light house ; the old lamp has been removed from the lantern, and the brilliancy of the rays greatly increased by the adoption of gas. Several experiments were tried before the result could be deemed wholly satisfactory, and when the desired effect seemed to be realised,' a trip to sea was resolved on by some of the members of the gas company jand several of their friends, to ascertain how far the light could be visible to a craft abreast of it. A party was soon formed by Mr. Paxton,the secretary of the company, and Mr. Thomos, foreman of works, and the Rosa, cutter, was chartered. A parting look having been taken at the apparatus, to see that nothing was in any way adrift, the vessel was soon under ? way, and standing to the westward, with a light air of wind. But although the weather of Wed nesday was far too hazy to ascertain the full range, the night was just such a one as would. afford an admirable illustration of the power of the light under disadvantageous circumstances. Sultry, thundery clouds overhead, and very great mirage along the water distorted objects when viewed at any. distance, but there shone the light in brilliant relief among the other lamps, noi- did it fade into the general illumination of the jetty and shore until a distance of 1\ mile* had been reached, and the hulk, though so much nearer, had long disappeared. Possibly it would be an improvement if the crimson of the glass medium were somewhat intensified, if this could be done without sacrificing brilliancy. Ana even as it is tne improvement on the old system is immense. One Argand burner .of large size is all that is used in the lamp. The radius is supposed to be eight miles from a ship's deck, but on a clear night the range would be quite ten, without the assists ance of any glass. The Eosa was kept away so as to test the matter as much as pos sible, and then a return was made f or home, a most pleasant evening having been spent with Captain Sheridan at the tiller, and congratu lations were passed which were the betterapr predated because they; were known to be genuine. Special provision has been made to obviate any mistake arising from an accident to the meter, or from any other cause, by which the supply of gas could be interrupted, so that efficiency and safety are combined. . - The Eev. Colmer B. Symes, B.A., the late pastor of Stow Church, has accepted the charge of a Congregational church in Exeter, His salary is stated to be £500 per nnnnm It has already been announced that the committee appointed at a recent public meet ing have addressed an invitation to -the Bev. A. Milne Jarvie, late of the United Presbyterian Church, Chalmers-street, Dunfermline, to undertake the formation cf a Presbyterian con gregation in North Adelaide. Mr. Jarvie had received urgent invitations to settle in Tas mania and New South Wales, but after full consideration he has expressed his determina tion to accept the invitation to North Adelaide. From the favorable impression already pro duced by the services which Mr. Jarvie has conducted the friends of the cauBe anticipate that a prosperous congregation -will be formed in that part of the city. It is expected that Mr. Jarvie will commence his regular ministra tiens on Sunday next. A meeting of gentlemen interested in the arrangement of sports for the 'twenty- eighth' was held at the Pier Hotel, Glenelg. on Monday evening, December 18. There were about a dozenpresent, and the Mayor of Glenele -Mr. W. B. -Wigley, M.P.) occupied 4he chai£ In commencing the proceedings the Chairman ? -i. ? -7^*,^—*—, ? -~--.— .™ — 5-.,- ? r - — ? -? — ? * ^^^Tc^or^ r^wd r%at |he 'twenty- : ^W^1* *^ ^tjf1*' *s «,%Ju-liday at ;. Glerieig, ^^-mi the usual manner. Mr. Simeon ' wiiinii^j'id^' ,and , -lh© ' motion was carried. , j^JaJSowing -gentleman were appointed a oopuDiIttee to arrange tiie ,programme of sports ?adcollecVthe necessarysubscriptions for carry- , ing. Ikese out:--SirJJolin Morphett, 3ir3Wm. afjlnft' The H^ T. Mder,lffiesar8. S. Cornish, C. Sabine, W.li Beia, W. Hfll,X Cherry, B. €£41&rews;,'B. CMfesiHB, TT. B: TIFigley, J. yr. Parkin, J.Newilfc, andVC. M. Muirhead, with pcnrertfr«d^to their nuniBer. : , Tbejaejabusir. nc^'^MAfaeappoiptrnfiTitvo^: secretary and trea- _ surer. ;Mr. .-3i*ir, wio nadr filled the office Ijelbce^'mentionedj that there was ft balance oft & 8«.,*^ in hand. , ' AJKer itome discjission, Mr. ' y-jr*^^ Jtp^int^feBasarerT and Mri 'Wigley secretary^ The carrying out of all arrange menta was left to the committee. ' The National Building Society held its 28fch half-yearly meeting in the Oddfellows' llall, on Thursday, December' 14. Mr. W.Hol lhnd occupied the chair. - There was but a small attendance, owing no doubt to the very great heat of the weather. After a sale of shares at a premiumof £3 per £100, the balance sheet was .read and adopted. The chairman also read a brief special report in reference to the society's property at Goodwood Park, from which it appears that all the allotments laid out had been sold, and that several three roomedjcottageawere being erected. A unanimous vote of fhRTika was given to the Board of Di rectors for their action in this matter, and Mr. Alcock gave a notice of motion for the next half-yearly meeting that a bonus of £20 be given to the directors to mark the members1 appreciation of their services. The secretary, Mr. W. A. . Cawthorne, then gave a statement as to the prospects and position of the Society's branches, and informed the meeting that they had just opened an additional branch at Port Pirie with, every prospect of success. From the balance-sheet we gather the following par ticulars: — Amount of loans during the half year, £18,101 5b.; amount paid to members upon shares had realized £8,075 j total receipts for the half-year, £30,996 14s. 4d.; gross profit, £5,002 7s. 6cL; profit declared, one shilling and one penny in the pound; total premiums re ceived, £435 10s. ; number of shares, 3,497 ; number of branches, 15. There-election of the three retiring directors — Messrs. Holland, Smith. andWizHrood — concluded the business oE the evening. A large and influential meeting of the inhabitants of Blyth and its vicinity was re cently held at the Blyth Hotel, for the purpose of representing to the Government the wants of the district. Mr. John Young presided, and the following resolutions were passed: — Pro- posed by Mr. Hack, and seconded by Mr. Dun can—' That a memorial be prepared and addressed to the Council of Education, praying that they will take immediate steps towards the erection of a school building in Blyth.9' Proposed by Mr. Waters, and seconded by Mr. Thomas Williams — 'That a committee be formed to convey to the Government the serious want of a Government school which has been felt for several years.' Messrs. Young, Knowles, and Duncan were appointed as the committee. Proposed1 by Mr. Hack, and seconded by Mr. Knowles — 'That the Commissioner of Public Works be memorialised, pointing out that this township suffers considerable inconvenience through Hoyleton being made the depot of the locomotive.' Proposed by Dr. Duncan, and seconded by Mr. Knowles — 'That the com mittee for drawing out the memorial do consist of Messrs. Hack, Waters, and Young.' Proposed by Mr. Thomas Williams, and seconded by Mr. Knowles — ?'That the desirability of extending telegraphic communication from Hoyleton to Blyth be embodied in the aforesaid memorial.' Proposed by Mr. Duncan, and seconded by Mr. J. C. Smith — ' That a deputation consisting of the following gentlemen be formed for con ferring with tne Minister of Public Works and presenting' the memorial, viz., Messrs. Hack, Young, Knowles, Sir George Kingston, Mr.. C. Mann, and Mr. C. B. Young,4 be invited to accompany the deputation. These resolutions having been passed unanimously, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the chairman, and the proceedings terminated. An adjourned meeting of the general committee connected with- the Children's Hospital took place at the Union College Class Booms on Monday afternoon, December IS. There was a large attendance, especially of ladies. Mr. Neville Blyth presided. Apologies were received for the absence of Mr. and Mrs. John Angas, Mrs. Wright, Mrs. Wilkinson, Mr. Salom, and Dr. Peel. Mr. J. L. Parsons apolo gised for the non-attendance of Mr. David Murray. The chairman stated that since the general meeting, held on the 8th of Novem ber, the gentlemen's committee had met and appointed a sub-committee, consisting of the Chief Justice, Messrs. N. Blyth, Goyder, and Fowler, Drs. Campbell and Way, and the trea surer and secretary, to prepare and carry out a seheme for the purpose of obtaining subscrip tions, &c.; TMb sub-committee had met three times, and had used every exertion to carry out the wishes of the committee. Subscription- lists, circulars, and collecting-books had been pre pared and printed. The subscription-lists had been sent to the banks in Adelaide, and their country branches, 84 in all. Six circulars had been sent to each bank and branch bank and to each member of the committee, and collecting books had been forwarded to each member of the ladies' committee. The building com mittee had beeu making enquiries as to a suit able place, and had not been inattentive to their duties, but were unable to furnish a report vet. He would suggest that they should meet again on the 8th of January next. He might mention that the secretary was going away for a short time, and that during his absence Mr. C. Smedley would fulfil his duties. In a discussion it was suggested that Monday would not be the most advisable day for the next meeting, as so many gentlemen were en gaged on that day, and it was decided that the committee should meet on the following day (Tuesday, January 9). Mrs. Colton handed in a letter received from Miss Clark as to a com munication from a sister, mentioning the pro bability of two training nurses coming from Sngland in the spring, and speaking favorably of them. The subject was referred to the ladies and the medical committee. A letter was received from Mr. Isbister, resigning his position as a member of the com mittee, on account of a contemplated visit to Scotland. The secretary was directed to com municate with Mr. Isbister requesting him to allow his name to stand on the committee list. The secretary acknowledged receipt of a cheque for £500, and a letter, of which the following is a copy, from Mr. J. H. Angas : — ''Herewith I beg to forward a cheque for £500,' being Mrs. iAngas's and my contribution to the Children's Hospital. We give this with the under standing that when the hospital is built such sum shall be applied towards the erection of a wing or ward to be named after our dear niece, Rose, who took such great interest in doing good to children.' The secre tary was instructed, to forward the special thanks of the committee to Mr. Angas for his donation. Mr. Goyder said he had been requested by Dr. Campbell to mention that he had accepted Mr. Clark's offer for an entertainment by the Model School children. Mrs. Colton handed in a letter from Miss Edith M. Dunn, stating that she -would take charge of one of the cots in the Children's Hospstal for one year, an announce ment which was received with applause. The proceedings then terminated. The Port Adelaide Corporation met on Saturday afternoon, December 16, for the pur pose of making their «.i)*»iml inspection of the town. There were present the Mayor,. Coun cillors Beattie, Bennett, Hains, Honey, and Saan, and the Town Clerk. The Council, on leaving the hall, passed along St. 'Vincent- street to Nelson-street, where if was noticed: that' some old brick cottages which had been condemned as untenantable were in the course of demolition^ Arriving at the North-parade, the Formby Memorial Fountain was inspected, and it was deemed desirable that some additional posts should be fixed around it to prevent in jury from drays. The cross streets pet ween the : Parade and Nile-street were next visited; and as the surface drainage was defective.itwasthought desirable that the roadways should be raised and the watertables paved, and kerbed. The river frontage and landing-steps at the end of Mundy-street were found to be in great need of improvement, the steps in particular being in a most dilapidated condition; but it is under stood that this will be shortly attended to by the Government. Passing along Mundy-street the watertables were found to need improve ment. It was seen that the approach to the . Port Bridge required repair; but until the bridge, was completed but little could be done, and file Government had undertaken to make the , toad. The Corporation Wharf was next visited, and variousopinions expressed with regard to the desirability of leasing this property when the bridge was opened, and making other provision for the landing of silt for which it is at present used. There can be no doubt but this ri/er frontage will in time be the source of consider able revenue. Passing along Dale-street note was taken of the necessity of the footpaths being repaired with silt, their condition at present being very uneven. The newly erected premises of Mr. Burge were in spected, and it was decided to comply with his request for the formation of approaches, on the condition of his paying half the ex pense. It was also considered desirable that the watertable in the Commercial-road, between Lake & Beynolds'stimber-yard and St. Vincent street should be paved. Similar work was found necessary in St. Vincent-street, between Com mercial-road and the Railway Station. At the crossing of Lipson-street and St. Vincent-street the rails were being relaid, and it was thought that steps should be taken to have the rails placed more in the centre of the roadway. The inspection was continued along St. Vincent street, past the Sailors' Home, and across the swamp, beyond which it will ere long be necessary to carry the road, so as to form a better means of approach to the new wharfs in course of construction. The subject will require more mature conside ration. The property beyond, which Messrs. Brock and others wish to have incorporated, was also inspected, and it was considered that the request should be complied with. Mr. James Cowan, miller, of Two Wells, met with an accident on Monday, Decem ber 18, whilst driving to Dublin. The bolt con necting the fore carriage of his buggy gave way, and he was thrown violently to the ground. He was severely hurt, and it is expected that he will be laid up for some weeks. Dr. Gething is attending him. A shocking case of cruelty is recorded by the Shepparton correspondent of the Rive rine Herald. A sheep, belonging to Mr. Tudgee, of Kialla, Broken Hirer, strayed away. The sheep returned home on the 1st December, actually skinned alive, every particle of skin being removed, with the exception of that covering the head. Respecting iecent accidents, our Manoora correspondent, writing on December 15, says : — 'Mr. Taylor has been removed to his residence at Auburn under the care of Dr. Smith, who has set the broken bone successfully, and some hope is entertained of his recovery. Another serious accident happened to-day to Mr. John Charles, who in driving horses to water was thrown from the horse he was riding and kicked by one of the horses. Five of his ribs were broken and the right lung was lacerated. He is under the treat ment of Dr. Smith, of Auburn. At 3 o'clock on Monday morning a fire was noticed by P.C. Hill in a shed attached to a cottage occupied by Mr. T. Mclnnery, at the rear of the London Inn, Flinders-street. He at once reported the matter at the police station, and messengers were sent to the superintendent of the Fire Brigade, and to Nos. 1 and 2 Reel Stations. Fire-reels and a number of police were soon on the spot, but their services were not required, as the fire had been extinguished by Mr. Mclnnery with the assistance of some of his neighbors. A resident of North. Kensington named Charles Faukes Still, aged 61 years, died suddenly at 9 o'clock, on Saturday evening, December 16. Information was given to the police, and on Sunday the City Coroner enquired into the case. Finding that deceased had been previously in the Hospital for heart disease, and that Dr. Benson had given a certificate that death was caused by heart disease, accelerated by the heat of the weather, he did not consider an inquest necessary. The following case of wanton cruelty is recorded in the ¥. P. Advertiser : —There is an inhuman scoundrel at large who deserves the heaviest penalty that can be inflicted for cruelty to animals. A horse belonging to a man at East Moonta came in from the scrub the other day with its mouth tightly tied up with whipcord, so that it could neither eat nor drink. Cutting the cord, the owner found that some monster in human form had packed the poorbeast's mouth with dung and bits of scrub, and then firmly tied its mouth in the manner described. An accident of a serious nature occurred at the Kurilla Mine, on Monday, December 11, to a man named Williams. The Wallaroo Times states that*' as he was passing under the shaft, a stone, after falling a distance of 24 feet, struck him on the head, inflicting a scalp wound six inches long down to the bone, and fracturing the skull. Dr. Robinson was promptly in attenj dance, and immediately ordered the man's re moval home. We learn that the unfortunate sufferer is progressing as well as could be expected. Captain Anthony very kindly told off two men to watch night and day with Wil liams, who is a single man.' Our Edithburgh correspondent writes : — "I am sorry to have to chronicle two accidents which occurred during the last few days, one of which proved fatal. On Wednesday, December 13, a lad, 15 years of age, son of a Mr. Heinz, of Oaklands, farmer, was killed through falling down a well he and others were at work at. I believe an enquiry was considered unnecessary. On Friday Mrs. Vonnida, wife of Dr. Vonnida, had a narrow escape from being burnt to death. Her dress took fire, and but for prompt assis- tance from those in the house it is feared the accident might have been a serious one. How- ever, I am glad to hear nothing dangerous is anticipated from the mishap, and that she is now progressing favorably.' Our Clare correspondent says: — 'A blackfellow called Policeman Charley, a fine looking fellow, now lies dying in the Broughton Creek. He has been ill some weeks, and is without any attendance or care, save that given when opportunity affords by the kind landlady of the Yacka Hotel, who at times sends him food, or he would starve. He was very anxious to get to the hospital, in Adelaide, but no one troubles about him. A little black girl, about seven years old is with him. Surely, after taking possession of their country, the aborigines should not be left to perish in a ditch as this poor fellow is doing.' A fatal accident happened on December 13, to Elizabeth Hammal, wife of Mr. John Hammal, farmer, at Sunbury. It appears that a 400-gallon tank of water had been brought to the house, and deceased propped up the back of the dray to prevent it tilting. The driver asked her if all was right, and receiving an affirmative reply took out the horse, when the props, not being put in the right place, broke through the bottom of the dray, which tilted up and the tank fell out on top of the deceased, who was standing behind it. Dr. Parkins was soon in attendance, but death must have been instantaneous. Police-trooper Orr having elici- ted the above facts, laid the matter before Mr. G. Phillips, J. P., who did not consider an in- quest necessary. A dangerous accident occurred at Morphett Vale on Saturday evening. As Mr. C. Myles, J.P., and one of his men, with Police trooper Deckert, were returning in an express waggon, drawn by a young horse belonging to Mr. Deckert, and driven by him, the animal took fright, and shying violently, locked the front wheels under the vehicle, which was thus capsized, and the occupants thrown out with some force. Mr. Deckert had one of his ankles dislocated. He was promptly removed to his house, and Dr. Maurau, who was sent for, set the limb. Mr. Myles was somewhat shaken, but not seriously injured, and his man escaped altogether unhurt. A fire occurred on Monday morning, December 18, in Mary- street, Unley, on the pre mises occupied by Mr. James Rogers. Between 11 and 12 o'clock a neighbor hearing a crackling noise as of fire had her attention drawn to the shed on Mr. Rogere's premises, from which smoke was issuing. The alarm was immediately given, and it was discovered that the whole of the outhouse, the fence facing the road, and the prickly hedge were on fire. A number of neigh bors helped to put out the fire by means of buckets of water, and a hose obtained from the turncock was directed upon the flames. The shingles of the house caught fire just as the hose was turned on ; but the progress of the flames in that direction was soon checked. The whole of the shed was burnt down, and a number of ducks and fowls in it were literally roasted. The origin of the fire is unknown. On Tuesday, December 19, a carpenter in the employ of Mr. C. Farr, builder, named Charles H. Martin, fell from the roof of Mr. Acraman's house, at Walkerville, a distance of about 23 feet. Martin was rendered insensible by the fall, and upon his speedy removal to the Adelaide Hospital it was found that he had sustained a severe injury to the left ankle, in addition to which he is supposed to have sus tained internal injuries. A laborer named Wm. Stephens, of Unley, fell from the rafters of a shed over which he was walking, at Unley. on Monday afternoon, December 18, by which his left leg was broken. He was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital the next day. The Port Pirie Gazette, of December 15, states that ' Mr. Milbank had a narrow escape from drowning yesterday morning. It appears that while the Derwent was towing the Water witch into port Mr. Milbank, accompanied by his son and Mr. Mosel, put off to her with the intention of boarding. They were not going to board her at the bow, but were to go and hang on to the boat towing behind, which they pro ceeded to do. Coming on to the vessel's boat at too great an angle, she went clean over Mr. Milbank's boat, knocking him into the water. Mr. Mosel got into the other boat, and the boy remained where he was. As soon as the vessel's people observed the accident they sent some men in a boat to the rescue, but by the time they arrived at the scene Mr. Milbank had suc ceeded in getting into his own boat again. Mr. Milbank had the skin taken off his leg, but neither of the others were injured. On Thursday, December 14, a fire oc curred in a paddock close to the Stockade, by which a haystack, containing about 17 tons of hay, and a large quantity of timber, were con sumed, and a chaffcutter was so injured that it is doubtful whether it will be of further use. Every endeavor was made by the men in the paddock to master the fire, but without success. The fire occurred about noon, and one of the men had been near the haystack about 20 minutes before flames were observed. But it is added that this man, when questioned, denied that he was possessed of either pipe or matches, and appeared to be unfeignedly hurt by the idea which the question naturally suggested. The property destroyed, which was uninsured, and valued at not less than £100, was owned by Mr. John Johns, limeburner, of Nailsworth. An extensive bush fire is the subject of the following paragraph, taken from the Wallaroo limes of December 16 : — ' During the past tortnight a tremendous bush fire has been raging near the Hummocks. It commenced somewhere on Ninnes's Plains, near the Clare track, and the fierce wind blowing at the time caused it to cross that track, and spread onto the Barunga track, which it also crossed, acd burnt through the whole of that extensive belt of scrub, down to within a short distance of the Mail Station, at Green's Plains. This place was reached on Sunday night, and during the afternoon of that day many farmers in the vicinity set to work to plough their land, both inside and outside the lines of fence, in order that the fences and standing crops might be saved. At one large farm on the plains the flames were so close that the ploughing had to be left off, and all hopes of saving anything were given up, when suddenly the wind changed and blew a hurricane from the west, fortunately carrying the flames in quite an opposite direc tion. The state of affairs at Green's Plains on Sunday is described as frightful in the extreme] Notwithstanding the intense heat of the weather, and the flames of a fierce- raging bush fire, extending over about 16 miles of country, men, women, and children had to turn out and work to save their property. Luckily, there have been no serious results as yet, but it is astonishing, considering that the fire has been raging in the midst of a large area of agri cultural land. One farmer, we hear, at Ninnes's Plains, had a very narrow escape 01 being burnt completely out, but by dint of hard work he managed to keep the flames off his fences. Had it caught one fence there is no saying where it would have ended. How the fire originated no one can say. On Sunday evening last Wallaroo and Kadina were beautifully illuminated with the reflection of the burning mass, and the sky presented a lurid appearance. The flames could be seen clearly, and a newspaper could be distinctly read at night by its light. On Monday, at Green's Plains, there was very little to be seen of the fire, perhaps owing to the coolness of the day ; but great fears were expressed by many farmers that should the heat recommence the fire would do immense damage. On Wednesday the day opened with a hot northerly wind, and smoke from the fire soon rose. Towards evening it pre sented a very wild appearance. On Thursday the heat was something fearful, and the volumes of smoke the fire belched forth was something enormous. We fear that unless a change comes soon that something serious will result from so great a fire. The telegraph posts through and close to the line of the fire have not escaped, several of them are charred at the foot, and one of them has been completely burnt through at the bottom, but luckily it maintained its equili brium through the tautness of the wire, which it has only dragged down a little, but not suffi ciently to hinder the dispatch of messages.'' With reference to the bush fire that has been raging lately near the Hummocks, the Wallaroo Ttmes^ gleans some particulars from Mr. George Oliphant, contractor, who states that he started to go to the Hummocks on Fri day, December 15, and on the road found the smoke was almost suffocating, making it nearly as dark as night. Between 10 and 11 o'clock the wind began to blow strong from the north, wnich freshened up the fire all round, and nothing could be seen but volumes of fire and pillars of smoke. About half-way between the Hummocks and Green's Plains the settlers had begun to get anxious and excited by this time, and were making preparations for leaving their homes to seek a more secure shelter, and some were carting away their furniture. He started a team with water from the Hummocks to the camp, but after it had proceeded about a mile, he rode after it, and brought the team back, as the fire was too strong to allow it to pass. Before long the wind shifted to N.W., and then W., which blew the fire back again. He then proceeded to the railway camp, and found that all the men working there had gone out with Mr. Fowler to assist him in trying to save his pro perty, which was in great danger. He then went back to the Hummocks Hotel, where he beheld a most pitiable sight. A man in his flannel and trousers was carrying a child in his arms rolled up in a shawl, and a woman walk ing behind him, who was completely blackened by the smoke. It appeared this unfortunate trio had just fled from the eighteen-mile camp, where the ground was one burning mass, and they had had to fly for their lives. He was in formed that a man was lying drunk at the camp in the chaff tent, and went to the spot, when he discovered the man sitting on a heap of stones, the tent, with the fodder, having been completely destroyed, as also a lot of took. The man had enough sense left in him to get out of the tent to save himself. Mr. Oliphant then returned to the mail station. The fire was still raging on Saturday, but not so much harm was apprehended as on the pre vious day on account of many patches having been already burnt both by the fire and by team sters attempting to stay its progress. The fire extended from the N.E. to the S.W. for about 40 miles in length, and in breadth was between two and three miles, the mail station at Green's Plains being about the centre. We hear (adds the Times) that one farmer named Stephens was entirely burnt out. u Quaint things about quaint preachers' was the title of a lecture given by Mr. J. L. Parsons at the Flinders-street lecture hall on Friday evening, December 15- Mr. John Darling, M.P., occupied the chair. There was a good attendance. Mr. Parsons interested his audience for an hour by relating humorous anecdotes, intermingled with which were valu able reflections and some wholesome advice to church-goers. At the close a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer, and a similar compliment was paid to the choir and ladies who had contributed the musical portion of the entertainment, and to the chairman. Thislecture completed the series. These lectures were' arranged for the purpose of swelling the Manse building fund, and have been successful in their object. An entertainment was given at White's Rooms on Friday evening, December 15, by the pupils of Hardwicke House school, in aid. of the Children's Hospital. There was a very good attendance. His Worship, Mr. C. Peacock, J.P., Mayor of Adelaide, presided, and in open ing the proceedings he alluded briefly to the meritorious object of the entertainment. The programme, which included, in addition to duets and solos on the pianoforte, several choruses, arias, ducts, and well-chosen readings, was well carried out, and reflected great credit on the young performers. At the conclusion of the entertainment Mr. Peacock distributed a number of prizes to the pupils. Mr. T. W. Lyons acted as conductor, and Mr. W. B. Chinner as pianist. A number of articles, the work of the scholars, was exhibited in the room. The fourth concert of the East Adelaide Musical Society was given in St. Paul's Upper Schoolroom, on Wednesday evening, December 20\. The attendance was not very large, which may be attributed to the oppressive heat of the weather. A well-arranged programme had been provided, consisting of pianofortesolos and duets, songs, duets, and choruses. The company who were under the direction of Mr. S. Dyke, sang several choruses very creditably. Pianoforte solos and duets were given by the Misses Anthony, Schroeder, Killick, and Dyke. Songs were well rendered by the Misses H. Newell, Selth, A. Toll, A. Dyke, and Messrs. T. Dyke, S. and L. Dyke, and Mr. G. Lewis. Besides those mentioned, the Misses Wallace, Dyke (2), Frese, Fergusson, Stewart, and Mr. Anthony assisted in singing the choruses. The Misses Anthony, Killick, and Dyke presided at the piano during the evening. An entertainment was given at the Parkside Lunatic Asylum, on Thursday, De cember 14, by members of the Invincible Band * of Hope. Mr.W. Price occupied the chair. The programme, which was long and varied, consisted of music by the band, choruses, songs, duets, recitations, and a humorous scene,' Cookery for the Million,' which elicited much laughter. Those who gave their services were Messrs. Price, Rankine, Sadler, Anstey, Shaw, Came ron, Dinsdale, Dick , Edwards, Hynes, and Misses Cooke, Dare, Dick, Hatchett, Cobbin, and Rooney. The inmates of the Asylum behaved well, and were treated to coffee, biscuits, and cake during the interval. The chairman stated that the Invincible instrumental band would, if permitted, play pieces of music to the patients at the asylum on a Saturday afternoon oc casionally. An agreeable and pleasant a even ing was spent. The members and some of the friends of the North Adelaide Literary Association assembled at the Lecture Hall, North Adelaide, on Monday evening, December 18, to celebrate the closing of the session, 1876. Tea was provided, to which about 50 persons sat down. This number was afterwards increased to 100, who seemed to thoroughly enjoy the entertainment provided for them. ♦ Photographs, microscopes, grapho scopes, kaleidoscopes, and other scientific and mechanical instruments, together with several curiosities from foreign parts were exhibited, and draughts and chess, voltaic batteries, and electric machines were provided : added to which were the charms of vocal and instrumental music. The meeting was of a private nature, those who attended being present by special invitation. The closing soiree of the Literary Club was held in the Lecture Hall of the Baptist Church, Flinders-street, on Monday evening, December 18\. There was only a fair attendance, and the Rev. S. Mead, M.A., LL.B., president, occupied the chair. The programme consisted of piano forte selections, readings, recitations, songs, scenes, and glees. Songs were given by the Misses Thomas, Weller, and Everett, the latter lady having to submit to an encore ; also by Mr. Plummer. Amusing readings were con tributed by Messrs. C. Proud, Chariton, and W. C. Hooper. Mr. J. M. Pearson recited in an excellent style ' Over the Hill to the Poor house,' and Mr. A. H. Neale rendered Poe's ' Raven' in a masterly manner. The glees sung by the company were of an excellent character, and were greatly applauded. Two scenes from the plays ' Love' and ' Heir-at- Law,' in which Messrs. F. C. Bosher, C. A. Howard, and G. Denness took part, caused much laughter and applause. Mr. C. A. Howard, R.A.M., presided at the piano during the evening in an able manner. A Christmas entertainment in connection with the Hindmarsh District Library and Mechanics Institute was held in the institute at Hindmarsh on Friday evening, December 15. The room was well filled. The platform was decorated with ship flags, and at the back of the stage was an illuminated design, ' A Merry Christmas, ' surrounded by a wreath. The chair was occupied by the president of the insti tute, Mr. Thos. Lees, who, according to the custom at these Christmas en tertainments, gave some particulars connected with the institute. Since last year the building in which they met had been purchased, and was entirely free from debt, and the committee had now £60 in hand. He also gave particulars of how the institute was carried on, and stated that the reading-room was open to the public every night, free of cost. There were 2,600 volumes in the library, and during the coming year they would have 27 different papers and periodicals on the tables. A singing class had also been established, and the committee were anxious to increase the accommodation, so as to still further enhance the usefulness of the institute. The programme submitted was a long and varied one. The principal part of the singing fell to the share of Mrs. Perryman, Misses Stace and Daniel, and Mr. J. W. Daniel, whose ef forts to please were highly appreciated by those present. 'The shower of pearls,' by Mr. Daniel and Mrs. Perryman, ' Sunshine and shadow,' by Misses Stace and Daniel, 'The shipwreck,' by Mrs. Perryman,' and ' When shall we three meet again ?' by Mr. Daniel, Miss Daniel, and Mrs. Perryman, were about the best pieces of the evening. Mr. Daniel, who accompanied all the songs, duets and glees, was irresistibly comic in his rendering of ' Tea in the arbor,' ' Did you ever feel that way,' and ' Jones's sister.' Miss M. A. Lees performed two overtures, and Messrs. R. Bees, M.P., W. H. Hussey, F. McCarron, A. Harlay, and W. Norman, jun., contributed reci tations and a dialogue in an able manner. The RevB. J. McEwin and H. M. Pollitt gave two humorous readings, the former on 'The Kil kenny cats,' and the latter 'Mrs. Caudle's umbrella lecture.' A vote of thanks was ac corded to the performers, and a successful con cert was concluded by the audience joining in the Naticnal Anthem. A sale of useful and fancy goods was commenced in the lectira hall of the Flinders street Baptist Church on Wednesday afternoon, December 20. The attendance during the day was small, but very largely increased in the evening. The stalls, which were hand somely decorated, and had. their wares tempt ingly displayed for sale, numbered nine in all, four being arranged down one side of the room and four down the other. The west end of the room was occupied by a large stall, devoted to articles of clothing, and presided over by Misb Lucy and Miss Hill. The stalls generally were presided ,'over by Mesdames Hooper, Boundey, Stevens, Stacey, Glandfield, Scott, Mantogani, and the Misses Lucy , Hill, and Fayers Mrs. Sauerbier and Mrs. Everett presided over the refreshment stall, and the Misses F. Boundey and 'F. Marshall had charge of the Christmas tree. The various stalls were gaily decorated with flags, shrubs, and flowers, aad the room altogether presented a brilliant and an animated scene. The funds received from this sale of goods will be devoted to the build ing of the manse, which, it is expected, will be finished in March next. The ladies have been busily engaged for some time past in making various articles for the bazaar, and the display, made—the result of various sewing meetings — was highly creditable to them as a body. The bazaar will be continued this afternoon and evening. An entertainment in connection with the Adelaide Young Men's Society was given on Monday evening, December 18, in the Stow Church Lecture Hall. The subject was ' Christ mas Customs and Carols,' with illustrative re marks and readings, by the Rev. W. Roby Fletcher, M.A. There was a large attendance, it being the first entertainment of the kind given by the society. The proceedings opened with the overture to ' Zampa,' played on the pianoforte by Mr. Shakespeare, who also pre sided at the harmonium during the evening. The Rev. W. R. Fletcher then spoke of the usages and customs of Christmas here, showing the contrast between our way of spending it and the way it was spent in the colder regions of Northern Europe. The choir then gave the first of the carols, to the air of 'Adeste Fideles.' This was rendered with good effect, and was followed by ' God rest you, merry gentle men,' and 'The Seven Joys of Mary.' This was set to a lively time, and was very nicely rendered. The next carol given, 'The first Nowell,' meaning literally ' Something New,' or ' Good News,' was a fine spirited air, and was given in capital style. In the course of his remarks the rev. gentleman gave a recipe for an old Christmas pie, as made in the year 1769. It consisted of 2 bushels flour, 20 lbs. butter, 4 geese, 2 turkeys, 4 rabbits, 4 wild ducks, 4 woodcocks, 6 snipes, 6 partridges, 2 ox tongues, 2 curlews, 7 blackbirds, and 6 pigeons. The Christmas song, 'Once again, O blessed time,' having been given by the choir, all present joined in the well-known hymn, 'Hark, the herald angelsTsing.' Then followed one of the gems of the evening, the ' Hymn for. Christ mas Day,' beautifully rendered by the choir. Another of the carols, ' From far away,' is also specially deserving of mention ; as was a solo by Mrs. Harris, 'Rejoice greatly, O Daughter of Zion,' from Handel's ' Messiah.' Mr. Price gave a reading from Hamlet as an illustration of*the way in which Shakspeare introduced the subject of ghosts at Christmas. The choir then gave the ' Story of the Shepherd,' and after a reading from Tennyson by Mr. Fletcher, the preceedings were closed by the singing of the National Anthem. Votes of thanks were passed to Mr. Fletcher. Mr. Shakespeare, and the choir, for the efficient way in which they had carried ut the programme. An entertainment was given on Monday evening, December 18, in St. Francis Xavier's Hall, by the scholars attending the Roman Catholic Grammar School. The hall was mode rately filled by the friends and relatives of the scholars. The programme commenced with a choral song, 'God bless the Pope,' which was sung with great effect by about 20 scholars. ' David singing before Saul' was then sung in good style by Mr. Plummer. ' Non e yer,' by Miss Flaherty, was sung with considerable power and sweetness, after which Mr. Nash gave *' The White Squall' in a manner which secured the hearty approbation of the audience. Master McCarron's recitation, 'Skibbereen' was given with good effect, and the youthful elocutionist retired amid well-earned applause. Miss Bermingham sang ' Make me no- gaudy chap lets,' and succeeded in pleasing her audience. The gem of the evening was undoubtedly Miss Nimmo's ' Steer my bark to Erin's Isle,' and the singer at the close of the song received a perfect ovation. Miss Morris officiated as pianiste, and her finished and accomplished playing contributed not a little to the enjoy ment of all present. Part 2 consisted of a short drama, entitled 'The Harvest Storm.' The various characters were very cleverly enac ted by a number of the scholars. Masters Morrissy, Nash, McNamara, and Darwent are deserving of special mention for their creditable histrionic display, whilst Master Darwent in the character of Samuel Lexicon, a compiler of a new dictionary was especially amusing, and he played his part with considerable spirit. ^ On the' conclusion of the drama, a competition for the mental arithmetic prize took place, which resulted in favor of Master M. Morrissy. After several pieces had been played on the pianoforte' by Masters H. Iben and L. and E. Conrad. The prizes were presented by Dr. Reynolds, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ade laide, the Bishop expressed the pleasure and satisfaction it gave him to see the progress the boys had made in their studies during the past year. He thought that it spoke well for the care and attention bestowed on their education by their teacher, Mr. McBride. It was with great pleasure that he announced the fact that he had been greatly surprised at the intimate knowledge the boys had shown of Scripture history, which was highly creditable to them. The silver medal for Scripture history bad been carried off by Master Hermann Dittmer. After the distribution of the prizes a recitation was given by Master McNamara, 'Home for the Holidays.' A few remarks were then made by Councillor McNamara, having reference to the progress of the boys in their studies, and the comparison they would bear with the schools of any other denomina tion,taking the ages of the boys into considera * tion. The proceedings closed with the National Anthem and the usual cheers. An interesting exhibition of paintings is now on view at the Town Hall Refreshment Room. The pictures are about 40 in number, and are the works of various artists, British and colonial. Six of them are by Mr. H. J. Johnstone, whose beautiful paintings of colo nial scenery have for some months past excited so much admiration in Adelaide. Three of the six have not, we believe, been hitherto ex hibited, and are worthy of special notice. The finest is a view from beyond the Eagleonthe HilL Mount Barker-road, looking down the Waterfall Gully on to the plains, one of the loveliest pieces of scenery in South Australia. The drawing of the picture is almost faultless, but we venture to say that had Mr. Johnstone introduced some of those fine aerial effects for which his paintings are so celebrated — given a little more warmth and variety of coloring to the foreground, brought out with greater bold ness the masses of rugged rocks on the hillsides, and depicted the plains and the distant waters of the North Arm of the Port with mare clear ness, the general effect would have been im proved. Nevertheless, the picture is a very fine work of art, and such a one as we seldom see from the brush of a colonial artist. The per spective is excellent, and the lights and shades are well managed, but there is almost too much of the tint of 'twilight grey' over the whole landscape, though the shadows only just cover the bottom of the gully. We trust the talented artist will excuse our making these remarks. The same observations do not apply to the more modest looking little painting by the same skilful hand. 'The Ookaparinga* at Warland'a— Morning,' where ? the rich glow of the rising- sun shining. throHgh the dense forest produces .a fine effect, contrasting well with -the cold grey .of the fore ground, where the solar rays have not yet pene trated. A fellow picture to the last named is a ?rotty quiet little scene on the Onkaparinga, at 'larendon, sufficiently like the other, to make a * good pair with it, yet giving a different looking view of the river from a locality some miles dis tant. It was remarked to us that the painting of the Waterfall Gully ought not to be allowed to leave the colony ; with this view we partly concur, but as we think such paintings of some of our finest scenery would, tend to benefit the colony, if exhibited in some popular place of resort in England, we should like to see a copy of it made, and purchased by the Government to send home for exhibition. Plenty of money has been spent by various Governments in a far less useful way ; and we believe the paint ings of M. Chevalier, of Melbourne, have been the means of attracting considerable attention to the neighboring colony. There are in the room three or four paintings by W. H. Usher, late of Melbourne, but now, as we are informed, a rising artist in England. We are told that he was an assistant to a painter and glazier in Melbourne, and painted 'Le depart de fiancee' and 'Bunyan in Bedford Gaol,** when only 17 years of age; the latter painting especially possessing considerable merit. Another Victorian artist, Mr. J. W. Curtis, has two good paintings in the exhibi tion — a view called 'Mount Disappointment,' but which we believe is in the Plenty Ranges, Victoria, and a bush road near Wallen. Wallen, very true to nature. A gipsy woman, after Richter, is a fine study well painted. A picture by Mr. H. Cousins, Victoria, entitled '* Coming footsteps,' represents a lady, like one of George the Fourth's beauties, 'fair and fat,' if not 40, waiting on the seashore in a graceful and natural attitude. Our old friend Clint has a pretty quiet little English landscape with a mill and pond, to remind us of the scenes his facile brush so rapidly struck off while he was in Ade laide. We must not omit to mention a very good -water-color drawing, ' Old Gums,' by Nelson. It is evidently the work of an artist, though he seems to have had preponderance of light colors on his palette. Another water-color scene— The Dandenong Ranges, by Gibbs— is almost too gay in its coloring. There are several other pictures of various degrees of merit, which we must pass by to notice those of Mr. S. S. Knight's, the animal painter. We have before given a favorable notice of some of these, and need only allude to those which have not hitherto been mentioned. *' Pets ' a chesnut mare, and a dog in a pretty paddock with the Mount Lofty hills in their richest spring livery as a back ground, is a very pretty little painting. *' Jenny and Bismarck,' a terrier and a bulldog, the property of Mr. H. Schrader, are very good likenesses and well painted. Mr. Hart's Whitef oot, a portrait of the well known hunter, will be easily recognised; but we think Mr. Knight's best is Mr. Malcom's ' Unknown,' and we have no doubt he will receive many orders for portraits for animals from those who see the pictures we have mentioned. The pupils attending Mr. Wivell's danc ing classes assembled at the Town Hall on Saturday morning, December 16, for the pur pose of giving an exhibition of hygienic exer cises, and to represent the graceful evolutions of the terpsichorean art. The pupils, numbering 112 in all, commenced the proceedings by form ing in single line, at each side of the hall, Various exercises, specially adapted for de veloping the human frame, such as extension motions, balancing the body, changing steps, and dumb-bell practice, were executed with graceful ease and tolerable precision. The room presented a pretty and animated ap pearance, particularly when the young ladies passed in review before the visitors, and the marching and counter-marching in the Polo naise, which concluded the first part of the programme, were admirable. The second part consisted of a programme of seven dances, which gave the young ladies an opportunity of exhibiting their proficiency and progress iu the art of dancing. Their performances re flected great credit upon the training and atten tion they had received at the hands of their teacher, Mr. Wivell. The exercises and danc ing were executed with considerable esprit de corps, and showed that the pupils had not re garded the preliminary training necessary for fininhed'and graceful dancing as unncessary or irksome. We have received from the publisher, Mr. George Robertson, ' The Vagabond Papers ; sketches of Melbourne Life in Light and Shade,' which at the time of their appearance created a great sensation in Melbourne, and, it is hoped, will be productive of much good in the way of supplying information respecting some Victorian institutions, leading the public to take more interest in them, and promoting necessary reforms. The writer, who assumes the nom de plume of ' The Vagabond,' visited 'in character,' and under appropriate dis guises, the 'Model Lodging-house,' where he passed an uncomfortable night; spent a day and night in the Immigrants' Home, and escaped next morning from its filth and vermin; passed a morning at the 'Hospital,' as an outdoor patient; existed for three dreary days in the ' Benevolent Asylum;' occupied for a whole month the position of warder, first at the Kew, and then at the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum;' took his meals at the 'Sixpenny Restaurants;' and .witnessed, in order to de nounce, the abominable flaunting of the ' social evil' at the 'Theatre Vestibules.' These sketches, which first appeared in the columns of the Argus, are written with graphic at tention to details, great descriptive power, free dom from all appearance of exaggeration; are distinguished by a satire that is never coarse, and enlivened by a play of humor that is never obtruded in an unseemly manner, or allowed to degenerate into mere frivolity. By the same publisher we have been favored, in small pam phlet form, with the 'Speech' delivered by Sir Hercules Robinspn at Albury on 'Border Treaties and Australian Federation,' which we have already noticed at some length in our leading columns. Mr. E. J. Wivell has forwarded to us a novelty in dance music, which has been pro duced by a London firm to his order. It is a copy of StrausB's Imperial Quadrille. The novelty consists of the position of the dancer being shown in each bar of the music in the same way as the words are set down in a piece of music written fer the voice. Directions are also given at the foot of each page for each figure. The idea is a good one, and will doubt less be useful to both instructor and pupil, more especially to the latter, as the require ment of time will, by its aid, be rendered easier. The paper and printing are good, and on the title-page is a well-executed photograph of th« publisher. The Adelaide Invincible Band of Hops will hold their animal picnic on December 27 in the Exhibition grounds. It is to be followed by a tea and an entertainment in the building, in the evening. We have received the Christmas number of the Australasian JSketcher. The pictures in the body of the paper are good, but we cannot say that we very greatly admire the colored supplement. 