The Pastoral Districts of the Far North. [BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.] ONE of main branches of colonial industries in the southern portions of the colony is agriculture. The extent of agricultural land, the population and the climate, all conduce to make agriculture in the southern district* an impor tant, and in many cases a lucrative, industry. But in the far north of the colony simple farming is not undertaken. There are many cause* for this, chief amongst which are the scarcity of good agricultural land suitable to the growth of cereals and root crops, sufficiently near to the centres of population, to make the pursuit profitable. That there are landa of undoubted richness in tbe tropical north, is evidenced by the sugar plantations on the Herbert River. There may be Been, in additiou to the staple crop, maize, aweet potatoes, tropical shrubs, and fruit tree*, whose nature demands a deep rich soij, thriving. in all the luxuriance of tropical and seuii-tropical magnificence. The experiments with coffee alone on one cf the plantations have proved that the coffee industry if once undertaken in this district would prove highly remunerative could a proper supply of labor always be depended upon. And here we have a second cause for apprehension that agricultural operations in the north will be attended with difficulties not known in the south. The supply of South Sea Island labor ia uncer tain ana intermittent, whilst there can be no question that this kind of labor is far more ex- C naive than is generally supposed by those who ye not had occasion to cuter closely into its details. It has been said that tho Chinese, now so numerous ou tbe Palmer and other northern gold- fields, will, eventually, when the alluvial ground has become too poor even for them, turn their attention to the sugar plantations, and either hire themselves out as field hand*, or, aa in theStraitaSettlemente, contract to bring a crop to maturity. This may be so, but we rather incline to the belief that they will enter upon agriculture for themselves, and taking up land on the river bank* and in apot* easily irrigated, will develop a new phase in the agricultural history of Queensland. We shall not bo surprised' to find that, at no distent date, paddy-fields are numbered amongst the other staple product* of the north. If we mistake not, an experiment waa made with Chin*** labor on a sugar planta tion in the north, whioh resulted in a most signal failure, if th* Chinee* are to be utilised at all in this manner, it will be seen that it is not aa independent laborers, but as servitors of a." boss," who will undertake a contract on a plantation, and who will be the only person responsible to the planter for its proper fulfilment. Taking this view of the present agricultural proapcetc of the north, it become* apparent that the two great industries which now occupy the attention of the majority of the population are mining and squatting. The mining district* are now well-known and celebrated throughout the colony, but it is aur prising how little knowledge exists of the pas toral capabilities- of these -districts. We have only lately overheard a remark that Bowen,' Townsville, and Cardwell have no back country, and that when the digging* were worked out these towns would go to ruin. This ignorance on auoh matters oan only be accounted for by the fact, that the northern squatters are so aatisfied with their run* and their prospect* that they do not care-to exert themselves to let the world know what th*y are doing. Thia ia a mistaken policy. If the inhabitant* of a district hide their light under a buahel, they cannot expect to find their numerous wants divined by intuition, and works, auoh aa roads, bridges Ac., carried out, without their moving iv tbe matter. However that may be, a trip into the pastoral districts to the north, west, and south of the townships named would reveal a state of things not. dreamed of by those who imagine that the far north is a mere uninhabited wilderness, over run by wild " myall*" and the congenial home of fever and ague. By way of giving our readers aome idea of the extent of occupied pastoral oountry in this direction we will describe a line of country extending from Townsville to Car pentaria Downs, a distance of about three hun dred and fifty miles, lately visited by 6ur wander ing contributor:—A ride of twenty-eight mile*, over oountry which is mostly taken up by email dairy farmers und others, brings us (by which pronouu I mean myself and my boy) to a gap in tho coast range over which ti Bteep roadway haa been made at considerable expenae, giving access to the interior. From the top of this range a splendid view is obtained of Cleveland Bay, where, on a dear day, vessels may from thia point be distinctly seen. The scenery about the range ia very picturesque, and in places even grand. About a mile and a-hatf of steep pinches with an occasional descent brings the traveller to the boundary of Dotswood Station, lately owned by Messrs. Rourke and Munro, of railway celebrity, but now solely owned by the former gentleman. A well-kept hotel is situated at the top of the range, whence we may make a flight to the Star Station, of which Mr. Rourke is also the proprietor. The distance to the Star home stead is about thirty miles, and thence to the Dotswood head station about the same. The • country through which the road passe* consists principally of silver-leafed ironbark ridges, and alluvial fiats adjoiniug Keelbottom Creek. Herds of fine cattle are seen in every direction, and an idea may possess the traveller that the run is overstocked, from the numbers of cattle he encounters feeding along the fertile banks of the creek, but there is plenty of room for even more than the fifteen thousand head of beeveß and female cattle which are here depastured. The head atation is pleasantly situated on the banks of the creek, surrounded by a garden and well-watered paddocks. It was here,that the disastrous bush-fire occurred whioh lately destroyed a number of valuable brood mares in one of the paddocks, in spite of the most strenu ous exertions to stay its progress. Great attention is paid by the proprietor to the breeding of horse* for station purposes, snd to the improvement of the herds. Continuing our route we arrive at the Burdekin River, 20 miles further— -st very pleasant pictur esque river in the dry season, but presenting an impassable barrier of foaming, turbid waters, over a mile in width, during the rainy season from December to March. ThetowTaship ofDal* rymple is situated^© the opposite side. It eon* state of two hotels, a blacksmith's and saddler's •hop, a general store, and several private resi dences. Near Dalrymple is the Reedy Lake Sta tion, formerly the property of Andrew Roes Esq., of Townaville, and lately subividedand purchased by Mr. R. Stewart, of Southwick and Mr. Mark, of Dalrymple. A little beyond the township is a tree bearing marks, said to have been made by the ill-fated Leicbhardt The road here branches off, one line leading to the Burdekin stations, the other being the main line of traffic to the Etheridge. Taking the Burdekin track first, we pass over about twenty- eight miles of fine country skirting Reedy Lake Station, and arrive at Hillgrove, the property of Mr. J'-hnston Allingham. This was originally a sheep station, as indeed were nearly all the stations in this district some years ago. It. was found however that aheep stations were the reverse of lucrative, and gradually they were re placed by cattle. At Hillgrove a few pet sheep are still kept in memory of old days, but the station is entirely devoted to cattle, which thrive admirably on the splendid pasture lands on the Burdekin. About twelve mile* from Hillgrove, we reach the Bluff Downs Station owned by Mr. E. White of the Logan. This run is very well adapted for raising fat cattle for the market, being well watered and abounding in useful grasses and herbs "such as their soul loveth." The homestead itself is built on an eminence having a gentle ascent from a running stream, which at this point precipitates itself over a wall of rooks, producing a very fair waterfall, or cascade rather. Some clumps of trees on the banks, a fringe of oaks, and a lake-like pool below the fall recall to the traveller's mind visions of home scenery, but the tbermometric*l readings speedily banish any such sentimentality and we nde along for fifteen oi sixteen miles, when we leave the forest scenery and emerge upon some of the most lovely plains we remember to have seen in any part of the north. Xhis is Maryvale, erstwhile the pro perty of Messrs. Daintree and Harm, and now in the proprietorship of the latter gentleman. On his invitation we mount a station horse and take a round of the run with him. W« first pass up, what may be called the valley of the plains, and are enchanted with the meadow-like aspect of the country. Intersected by narrow belts of tea tree fringing a watercourse, the landscape appears to be divided into a number of artificalmeadows. The intense verdure of the grass, the sleek, and wonderfully quiet cattle, which allow us to dismount and walk almost up to them without taking fright—all help to strengthen the illusion. During the Palmer runb, a large number of fine cattle, averaging 850 lbs., were taken from this station for the Edwardstown and Cooktown butohers. The price realised waa from £8 to £10 per head at the yard. « The homestead, which consists of two roomy houses (one of which has a thatched roof), a com fortable " bachelor's quarters" for travellers, and the usual outbuildings and yard, is graced with a very fine garden containing a quantity of fruit trees in full bearing. The mulberry trees are the most prolific bearers we had yet seen, and in conjunction with the sweet lemons, are duly appreciated by the dusty, tired wayfarer. Oranges, rosellas, and other fruits are found here, and the ornamental is not neglected, the head of the cen tral pathway being guarded by two handsome bottle trees. The vegetable garden is also duly looked after, and as a result the euirine on this station is of a more luxuriant character than can be found on many I could name. There are about six thousand head of cattle on this station, managed by the proprietor and a couple of hands. Some fine young shorthorn bulls have been introduced, and shortly the breed of cattle on Maryvale will be secoud to none. Hone breeding does not receive particular atten tion, but a very fine draft stallion had been pur chased just before my visit. Extensive improve ments in the way of fencing In immense pad docks were then under way and have since been completed. Fto bs continued.] REFERRING to the prospects of the squatters during the approaching shearing season, The Hay Standard states:— "There will be shorn in New South Wales this year upwards of 25,000,000 of sheep, yielding approximately above 125,000,000 lbs. of wool, equal in value, at 1s. per lb., to six and a quarter millions of pounds sterling. Six millions and a-half of pounds sterling every year is a good nest-egg even for a wealthy dependency of Great Britain. The cost of shearing this vast lot of sheep at 20s. per 100, about the average price, would be £125,000. The cost of trans- mitting the wool to the seaport for exportation might be set down at about the same figure. Without going into more minute details, if we estimate the value of the wool clip of New South Wales for 1876 at six and a quarter millions sterling, and set down 25 per cent. of that amount as expenses incurred by the wool grower from the time the sheep enters the wool- shed to be shorn (this is the estimated cost in the working of a wool station) until the net pro- ceeds are in the woolgrower's bank, there will be disbursed £1,562,500. This sum would go in shearing, carriage to port and to London, com- mission, brokerage, &c.; In this district there are 3,002,000 sheep by the last official returns, where, ten or twelve years ago, there were very few, so that we are progressing in material wealth is pretty certain. Every year our wool is in- creasing in quantity and rising in quality, so that by the close of 1880, four years hence, New South Wales ought to have at least 30,000,000 of sheep, which, with horned cattle and horses, ought approximately to represent in money value up- wards of £50,000,000 sterling." Information reached us (Bulletin) yesterday that ]>leuro wiw raging in the northern districts, and that those who were upou the point of starting with mobs of cattle to settle there, or to supply the markets, have made up their minds not to attempt to travel this year, and, in fact, not at all until more favorable leporta are received. Notice was sent down to one party who wan preparing for the road with a lot of cattle for a station up north, to inoculate all of them before they left their present ground, but the owner of them has made up his mind.to stay whore he v at present, and not run any unnows sary riaka. 