ENGLISH AND FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE London, October 13. The situation of affairs in the East is full of peril and perplexity. The Porte is placing itself in the hands of Russia, Germany, and Austria, and has consented to an armistice for six months ; but to this proposal the Servian Government has not given its consent. Accord ing to the latest advices Russia will not allow ±*nnce Milan to accept the offer. Cancers and men from the Russian army continue to pour into Bulgaria through Austrian and Roumanian territory. It is thought that Rournania will yet become involved in the struggle over the Eastern ques tion. A great change has taken place in English opinion in reference to the position of affairs in the East since the attitude of Russia as arch agitator of the movements of the Servian army has become apparent. In England, party demonstrations against the policy of the Government as regards Eastern affairs arc gradually ceasing. An important speech was delivered by Mr. W. E. Forster, M.P., who declared his views on the Eastern question to be in accordance with those of Lord Derby, Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and impressed upon his hearers the necessity of rallying round the Govern ment. The Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone, M.P., main tains a position of hostility to the Government, and has written a strong letter against their policy. No fighting of any great importance is re ported to have taken place either in the Moiava or Timok Valleys. In Montenegro, Mukhtar Pasha, in command of the Turkish forces, has met a defeat. An important despatch from Lord -Derby to Sir H. G. Elliott, British Ambassador at Con stantinople, recently ? published in the daily Press, has given general satisfaction through out England. The Tims has completely changed the tone of its leading articles as regards the privileges of the Turks and the position of the Eastern question generally, and supports the action of the Government through out, condemning the views of the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone, M.P. Her Majesty the Queen is still residing at Balmoral. The visit of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales to Dunrobin is drawing to a close, and he is proceeding on a visit to Lord Londes borough. H.R.H. the Duke of Connaught has gone to Ireland on duty. An exhibition of different designs, sent by artists competing for the memorial to Lord Byron, will shortly take place at Kensington. . 3?he annual congress of the Social Science Association was opened on October 11, at Liverpool, when an address was delivered by the Marquis of Huntley. A second volume of Mr. Theodore Martin's 'Life of the late Prince Consort,' has just been published with great success. Lord Rosebery's Louise, which started at 100 to 16, won the Cesarewitch on October 10. At Versailles the Cabinet Council have again resumed their -sittings, and President M'Mahon has arrived in Paris after his tour in the Pro vinces. The ex-Empress Eugenie is about to proceed on a visit to Rome for the purpose of appealing to his Holiness the Pope for pecuniary assistance in aid of the Bonapartist cause. A general election shortly takes place in Italy. Spain is making renewed and vigorous efforts to suppress the insurrection in Cuba. Count Von Armin has been condemned to five years' penal servitude for treason and calumniating the Emperor of Germany and Prince Bismarck. The October elections, which took place in Ohio and Indiana, prove that the two great political parties in the United States are very equally balanced. The adjourned hearing of the case against Siade, the spiritualist medium, has been further adjourned. Consols, 93 3-16. Obituary.— ^Major- General Sir H. E. Herbert, K.C.B., M.P. ; Sir H. Fowles, Bart. ; Lieut. General C. A. Orr, Rev. M'Hugh Newman. An extraordinary Council, held on October 10, at Constantinople, decided to agree to an armistice for six months. The Porte has requested the Great Powers to appoint delegates for the settlement of details in the differences with Servia and Montenegro: but proposes that the introduction of arms and ammunition into Servia and Montenegro shall be prohibited, that the influx of foreign volun teers shall be stopped, and that Servia and Montenegro shall give no further assistance to the inhabitants of the insurgent provinces of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Servian Ministry have agreed to accept the armistice so soon as it is -proposed by the representatives of the Great Powers. At Paris and Vienna it was expected that Russia would hot consent to ah armistice for so long a period. Mr. Stansfield, M.P., presided at a demon stration of working men in London on the Eastern question, held at St. James' Hall, on October 9, but which was sparsely attended. A meeting was held in Hyde Park on Octo ber 9, to discuss the position of affairs in the East. Tankoff and Balabanow, Bulgarian delegates, were present. General. Lord. Napier, of Magdala, assumed the command of the garrison at Gibraltar on October 10. ' H.R.H. the Duke of Connaught has rejoined his regiment at Gibraltar. Justice Blackburn and the Right Hon. E. S. Gordon, Lord Advocate of Scotland, have been made Barons for life. Advices from China to October 26, report the tea market less active, and that several new ports in Japan have been opened for foreign trade. A. K. Beuce, Kent-street, has unpacked his third original case of those highly-approved SeltzogeneS; which he now offers at a less price than before. These Machines produce Aerated Waters at a cost of one halfpenny per bottle. — [ADVT.] The mail for the United Kingdom via Torres Straits, will close at the Post Office at 8 p-m. to-morrow (Friday.) A transfer of the license for . the Commer cial Hotel was on Tuesday made from R. Caro lan to J. Colburn. Dubujg this week two dogs, while swim ming the river at the Victoria Ferry, have been bitten by shark6. The sharks would probably have taken a bite of human flesh in preference had they come across any person swimming outside the baths. It is hardly necessary at this date^to remind our readers of the ball that takes place at the Mary River Sawmills to-morrow evening. We hear that it is likely to prove a very brilliant affair. The Wheeler Comedy Troupe perform at the Town Hall this evening. The proceeds of the entertainment are to be handed to Mr. Reginald Toms. [We have before expressed the opinion that Mr. Toms is deserving of a bumper house, as a recognition of the numerous occasions on which he has volunteered his services on behalf of our local charities. The Rev. J. I. Knipe delivered his lecture on Martin Luther, at Dundathu, on Monday evening. The school-room was well filled, and the lecturer was followed throughout with great attention. Mr. W. Menzies occupied the chair, and opened the proceeding by calling on the Misses Sim, who performed a jtrio on the piano in a manner which called forth well-earned plaudits from the audience. Mrs. James Sim then sang with much feeling and expression '? Far Away.' At the conclusion of the lecture two ladies played a duet, Mrs. Jas. Sim favored the company with ?* Maggie's Secret,' and the evening was closed with the usual votes of thanks. A CASE of alleged illegal impounding was decided by the Police Magistrate on Tuesday. .Boyle Martin summoned Emile Jensen ; Mr. Lyons appearing for defendant and Mr. Barns for defendant. Jansen had found three of Mar tin's cows in his corn and had impounded them. Martin argued that as Jansen's land was not securely fenced, and as a portion of that fence encroached on a Government road, his cattle should not have been impounded for trespassing. The Bench dismissed the case, ordering the plaintiff to pay 15s witnesses ex penses, and £2 2s professional costs. the children connected with St. Paul's Sun day School, assisted by a number of adults, gave a musically illustrated service entitled ?' Eva' last night. As the entertainment was not made pablic, few except the members of the congregation attended. The service is compiled from Mrs. H. B. Stowe's ' Uncle Tom's Cabin,' and is Very effective. The ser vice is illustrative of Tom's love for Eva, and the child's death. The melodies were well selected, and the connective readings— extracts from Mrs. Stove's work— were given by the Rev. Thos. Holme. The service made a deep impression, many of the audience being com pelled to give vent to tears which they found it impossible to restrain. The culminating point in the excitement was reached when the ' Dead March in Saul' was played with drum and flute accompaniment. The choir had been trained by Mr. J. Robarts. who presided at the harmonium. No charge was made t for admis sion, bnt a collection was made at the close of the service. Ouk composing room was very near supply ing tiB with a highly sensational ' par' last night, One of the swinging kerosene lamps fell to the ground, and immediately the oil ignited and a miniature sea of fire was the result. This mornings issne would probably not have appeared had it not been lor the pre sence of mind displayed by Mr. D. Gardner, the 'father of the chapel,' who seized the blazing lamp ? and threw it through the door into the yard, - The two Kanakas charged with the outrage 3n Mrs. McBryde, were brought before . the Police Court on Tuesday, and at the request of the police, 'remanded for eight days. ' His Worship the Mayor received a telegram yesterday, conveying the gratifying intelligence that a vote of £10,000 for Maryborough Water ! Works had been passed. The Mayor had, we believe, urged that the amount might be in^ creased to £20.000, but was informed that the request came too late. The money granted will, however, we should imagine, be sufficient to purchase the necessary machinery, piping, &C; and as these will have to be obtained from Europe, the next session of Parliement will have met before we shall require a further loan. At tho Hospital Coinmiitee meeting held on Tuesday there were present : the President, Vice-Prdsident, and Messrs.' Gray, Hill, Barns, and E. B. C. Corser. A letter was read from Mr. Thos. Walker, of Sydney, enclosing one of theA.S.N. Co.'s debentures for £100, due 1st March, 18S6, with coupons attached for interest amounting to £6 a-year. The writer desired that when the debenture became due the amount may be again invested '.so as to produce interest, and that interest to be applied in like manner, as my ?subscription for all time to come.' It was unanimously resolved that the donor be elected a Life Governor of the institution, and an annual subscriber of £6 The Secretary announced that he had receivad' £64 as the results of the collections made on Hospital Sunday, An application was made by the Vice-President that a portion- say £50 —from the Benevolent Fund should be placed at the disposal of the Ladies' - Benevolent Society, and a letter from the Colonial Secre tary's office suggesting such -arrangement was read. After discussion, the question was left open until the new year, to be dealt#with by the members of the new committee to'be then elected. A meeting of the committee of the Primary School, Tinana, Gympie Road, was held on Nov. 22nd. Present— Mr. Hodgkinson (in the chair), and Messrs. Cuttler, Daken, and WMtta ker. It was proposed that the Department be written to, informing them of the necessity for some repairs to the school-house, owing to the ravages of the white ants. It was also arranged that an entertainment, consisting of songs, re citations, and readings, be held on Dec. 1st, in the school-room, the proceeds to be devoted to providing a small library of instructive and entertaining books for the use of the children and scholars. As some of the best musical talent in Maryborough and Tinana has been procured, there will doubtless be a large attendance Among tlie. .gentlemen expected to take part in the entertainment, may be men tioned Mr. Robarts. teacher of music, the prin cipals of the R,C. and Isabella Reserve Schools, and several of the committee of the Tinana SchooU There will be several recitations given by the scholars, and as the proceeds are for the benefit of the district, a bumper house may be expected.— [Communicated.] A telegram quoted from the Courier in another column of this vissue, relating to the population of Victoria, is likely to occasion some misconception. It states that the popu lation, on the 30th September, exceeded 800,000, as though that were something re markable. Now. the population of Victoria nearly two years ago, i e., on the hist Decem ber, 1874, was (according to Gordon & Gotch's Australian JIatidbook) 808,407, so that it would be a poor look-out for the colony if it did not now exceed the round number. Un less, therefore, the 8 is a typographical error for a 9 — which is not very likely — the an nouncement leaves little to crow about. It i8 calculated that New South Wales, has received an accession of fully 10,000 sonls from the south side of the Murray since the Deniliquin Railway Works began, and as immigration at the public expense has been stopped for some years, it is inconceivable that the population of Victoria should liave increased by nearly 100,000 in less tlian two years. The proba bility is raSier in favor of its having diminished by a few thousands under the blighting influ ence of protection. A Gladstone correspondent inforais us that a small rush has set in at the Alma, but that the prospects are doubtful, opiums varying as to whether the field be a ''duffer' or no.— Some fine showers had fallen in the district, but latterly bushfires had been very prevalent. —The writer concludes as follows :— When shall we get our railway ? Do yon think the Government are in earnest, if the are, why not make a railway from Maryborough to Wcstvrood catching the Mount Perry mining traffic and opening up the lands round Gayndah? they would get more support than for the Maryborough and Gympie and the Bundaberg and Mount Perry lines. They would lose one vote thus but would make sure of two, and they could stand by their policy. But two lines in one district is too much to expect. ? The Nortliem Argut, in advocating the adoption of a seaside resort for Rockhampton, evinces a disposition to reform the geography of the Wide Bay district. It points out that ' Brisbane has its mountain air and its Saud5 gate ; Maryborough its Noosa within twenty miles of it, and a road like a bowling-green ? and what has Rockhampton ? Absolutely nothing.' We can imagine the virtuous horror of some worthy people at the mention of Mary borough and ' its Noosa' in one breath. Liberalism in high places seems to be powerless against the machinations of the dummier. and while the attention of the colony is strained to catch an echo from the Privy Council to the appeals from the verdicts in the celebrated Davenport and Simpson trials, the sore is quietly fretting its way in other quarters : — Complaints (writes the I). D. Gazette} relative to dummied homesteads con tinue. There can be no doubt that in cases where anyone is satisfied that a homestead is held merely colorably for the purpose of sale, he would be doing a benefit to the conntry by exposing the fraud. In fact, the dummies may be regarded as worse than dum miers. The former select lands with no inten tion, of using them at all, but merely as a pe cuniary speculation, while, as a rule, the latter do mean to put the land to the most advan tageous use they can, when -once thev get hold of it. The one could not exist without the other, and the honest selector serves both the interests of himself aud of the country in showing up the shams. But it should be done in a manly, straightforward way. — The follow ing letter has been shewn us by the Com missioner, who has requested us to say no notice can be taken of any anonymous letters. Writers should show their bona fides by signing their names : — Toowoomba, Sth November. 1876\. Sir, — I hope you will excuse me for trespassing on your time ; but I know you are a man that gives fair play. I was one of those that put myself about to live on my homestead. I don't see why my neighbors should not be made to do the same. As far as I can see, it is taken up for some one else. 1 mean ? and ; ? ; part of the scrub. There is no im provement done whatever, only a bark place put up for a cloak. Yours truly, Homestead and Fate Play.' And yet the Government, with their; half-dozen land measures, and a land policy as obstructive to settlement as it is self- contradictory and unintelligible, hesitate to adopt the only remedy that can effectually ; cure the evil— a land-tax or system of perpetual i leasehold ; whichever you please to call it. One by one the tolerant and scholarly pas tors of the old regime are being quietly dis placed from the spheres of usefulness afforded by Holy Mother Church, to be replaced by clerics of a very different stamp. We perceive by a paragraph in the JVortftern Argus tha* Dean Mnrlay has been called by the Archbishop of Sydney to join the Marist Fathers, an edu cational order, and that he will leave Rock liampton in about a week from this date. The rev. gentleman has resided here for about fifteen years, and has won the respect and goodwill of all classes and creeds in the community Though taking no part in public affairs, he was always prominent inany work of benevolence and his removal will occasion sincere and wide spread regret, more especially among his own flock, who will feel the loss most keenly. His successor is expected to arrive by the end of the present week. It is notified in the Government Gazette of . Saturday last that the following new regulation relative to the transmission of telegraph mes sages lias been adopted :— ' Payment of all charges in advance will be required, except for messages for transmission within the colony marked - collect,' when the sender is known to the officer in charge of the despatching station, and guarantees in writing that, in the event of the message not being paid for on delivery, it will be paid for on demand by the sender ' wDKVmoHy,AM Hyman- of Cooktown, 'and William Stocker-of Maryborough, have been adjudged insolvent upon their own petitions. In the former case the first meeting of creditors was fixed for the 5th December, the usual statement to be filed by the 2nd ; and in the latter case the first meeting was ordered to be held on the 12th December, the statement to be tiled by the 9th. The (hurier's Sydney correspondent says tliat the Gods have granted Mr. Parkes one favor. Mr. Forster, the Agent-General, Mr. Parkes inveterate enemy, has written a book. \- O that mine enemy had mitten a book,' signed Job, Mr. Parkes once published a book of poetry, and Mr. Forster never ceased to hold it up to ridicule. Mr. Forster was a scathing cntic, but now that he has ventured into jpint *»» with a long dramatic poem entitled 'Veir- * -' wolf, a Tragedy,' Mr. Parkes' turn has come. ' Mr. Forster's book is not likely to add to his fame, and I should think must, by this time, have been considerably cut up by the London Press. Neither 'Weirwolf' nor the 'Mur- murs of a Stream ' are likely to outlive their autors. I may add here that Mr. Forsters mother, an aged and respected lady, died sud denly at Coogee yesterday^ She had gone to the sea for a bath, and not returning, her daughter went in search, and found the old lady sitting upon a rock, and lifeless. A RiiCRUiTiuu M.f-DtciNE.— \s a means of increasing the diminished vital forces, of en listing the recuperative powers latent in the , system in an effort to support and solace the aged and infirm, of reinforcing the digestive and urinary organs when enfeebled, and finally of bringing to the ' front' the glow ofhealth and the srnie of cheerfulness, thereis no recruit ing medicine so prompt aud efficient as Udolpho WOLrnr^s--- Schiedam Aeom tio Schnapps. — [A DVT.'] 