COUNTRY NEWS. [From our Country Correspondents.] YORK, November 17. No rain ; nor sign thereof. Fire now is all the rage. Bushfires have been seen in various directions. A large one in a South-west direction has beeu burning for several days. Little boys, ( too,' very little ones, have taken a particular fancy to dangerous practices with dangerous matches. A little toddler the other day walked into his mamma's bedroom, lighted a match from a box on the dressing table, and threw it into some gauzed curtains, then walked out as triumphantly as if he had conquered a nation. A considerable portion of the bed furniture was burnt, but the fire, through the aid of frieuds, was gut under without further damage. Two other small boys a few days back, having become possessed of twopence walked into a store in the town where they invested in a pennyworth of lollies, expend tbe balance in a box of matches, with which they set off towards some cultivated fields containing hay, -tc Coming upon a piece of bush laud one suggested to the other a bit of a fire. No sooner said than done. A match was lit, setting fire to the whole box, which was at ouce dropped on the dry grass, and the thiug was complete. Having tri9d to conquer the fire, to their dismay they found the fire conquered them, upon which they bolted. A sufficient number of hands baing near, the fire was got under without serious damage. . A stack of saudalwood, value £500 and upwards was standing a few yards off. But the worst event in the shape of a fire I have to chronicle is that which consumed the homestead of Mr. John Fleay, jun., eventuating in a loss of £1000 at least. The origin is a mystery — some stray match in all probability ; no one seems to know. The barn, stable, horse mill, mill-walk hay stack, farming implements, aud dwelling house, were all burnt. The fire crept from the burning mass into the field of corn close by, and nearing the dwelling house, that best of all aid to a fire, a whirlwind, carried some burning corn on to the thatch, thus completing the wreck. A few articles of furniture only were saved, and the team horses. Much sympathy is felt for Mr. Fleay and family in their great disaster. — An old settler named George Longbottom, ouce in good circumstances, died ou the 12th instant. He lived the life of a hermit about a mile out of York. He was found by a neighbour in a dreadfully emaciated state. I do not think he died exactly from the want of food, as I know his son sent him a bag of flour no great while back, but more from want of some one to nurse him in his sickness. No one knew he was ill until too late to succour him. — Now, as regards our wheat crop, I do not think we should be justified in breaking our hearts just yet. I have examined several fields around town and find that land well cultivated will yield twelve bushels (and perhaps over) to the acre. Again, land that has been beggared with over-cropping and indifferent plough ing, or perhaps not ploughed at ali, will uot yield more than two or three, and is not worth the cutting, either for hay or corn. I have consulted several thoroughly practical farmers, who assure me that they expect to reap fully twelve bushels per acre ; and although without rain things are not so bad as might have been expected. Thus it is proved that wheat will flourish in a hot and dry country, provided the laud be well cultivated. 